 Thirty Five year old, Professor, Edward Kenny trudged through the heavy downpour. The botanist successfully managed to get some great samples in his specimen jars before the storm hit. Now, they were being carried safe and dry inside his waterproof backpack. 

The driving rain pelted him in sheets, and the Professor was drenched to the skin. His wet clothes clung to his impressive, muscular six foot frame showing off every detail of his developed physique. He wasn't too far from the camp now, and surely the other three men, (fellow professors), made it back to camp as well, hopefully gleaning as much in research. As the storm intensified proceeding further was becoming intolerable. As he slipped and sloshed through water, he saw an opening in the wet, green, canopy, at the side of a steep, rise. It looked like a cave, so he decided to take shelter there. 

Professor Ed, as his companions called him, made it to the mouth of the cave, and entered. The opening was large and let in a good amount of light. Fortunately the rain was being driven away from the cave opening, and, as soon as he stepped inside he noticed that the air was warmer. At least he was out of the storm, and decided to wait it out, after all, it was only late morning, and certainly, he would not be here all night. 

The warm shelter seemed like a good place to strip off his wet clothes. Undressing, he draped the soaked clothes on some vine branches so they could dry a little. Now, buck, naked, he started to rummage through his back pack for a flashlight, and that's then he noticed it. As his eyes adjusted to the shadows of the cave, he noticed streaks of dark red on the walls. He walked farther into the cave to investigate, and it seemed to get even warmer, the sandy soil under his bare feet was very dry. He got closer to the red walls and discovered that the color belonged to what looked like plant roots that ran up the cave walls on both sides. The cave walls narrowed a bit so he judged he was probably closer to the back of the cave, which was in total darkness. Without the flashlight, he decided not to proceed further so not to risk a fall and injury. Besides these plant roots were fascinating, with their deep, dark, red color. He touched them and recoiled in surprise. They were warm to the touch, human warm, and they were soft, softer than a succulent plant, actually soft like skin. Deciding that he was dealing with some unknown, variety of plant, he ran his fingers gently across the surface, there was a suppleness and give to his touch. He ran his fingers around each root and while they were against the cave wall, he found no reason for them to be attached.

"How absolutely, fascinating!" He thought aloud, then turned to his right to examine another grouping of these red roots, when, like lightening, something grabbed his ankle, then just as quickly, his other ankle. He yelled out in surprise and fought to keep his balance. Then something wrapped around his right arm, above his wrist, then the other. In a manner of seconds his arms and legs were secured. He yelled again, now in panic. He tried to lunge forward, as he was only a few feet from the cave opening, yet he could not move. He looked at his arm, and to his shock he saw that it was the red root he had been looking at. They felt warm and smooth, almost slippery-wet. Two more hissed out of the darkness, from behind him. Hearing their advance before he saw them, they flew over his head and down the front of his body, then wrapping around each thigh. 

These roots were thicker, almost muscular in their thickness. Immediately as they secured his thighs, they began to lift him off the ground, as he screamed for help. No one heard him. The naked, muscular, man was now hoisted five feet off the ground, suspended in air with his big, muscular, ass being the highest point, and his head and shoulders slightly lower. The thick roots, (actually tentacles), then opened his legs wide apart displaying him perfectly, ass up, and spread-eagle d!

The presented, Professor, who never ever before had been in such a helpless, if not lewd position, struggled violently, while gasping, yelling and throwing curses. He looked like a big bug caught in a spider web. As he struggled he noticed more movement. 

With hissing sounds two more red tentacles rose up taking position behind and below him. As quickly as liquid string being sprayed from the can, small, rope like tendrils were launched from each tentacle through small circular openings, at each tip, and like a cowboy using his rope on a calf, they lassoed his balls, wrapping around them more than once in a quick, fluid, movement. Then the devilish tendrils pulled back providing a snug constriction around the big, smooth, nut sack. Now he was secured by his balls, and like a bit used in a horses mouth the Professor ceased his struggles. He was, indeed had by the balls, and he new better than to temp his fate at this point.

"What Next?!" he wondered, and as he asked himself the question he got the answer. Another tentacle rose up and positioned itself a foot from his face. Professor Ed watched with growing horror as the end of it began to swell, and inflate, growing bulbous. As it grew to near bursting, a dividing line appeared across the taught, circumference leaking clear fluid. Then the line swelled resembling lips, vivid, red, lips, appearing like a mocking smile. He saw enough science fiction movies to know that an attack by this thing was eminent. Then it opened up slowly, like a mouth. Oh Fuck! It was a mouth! It opened slowly with a liquid, sound, yawning wide displaying its contents. The mouth was full of tendrils that looked like the many fingers of a sea anemone. The vivid, red, tendrils were very animated, moving in waves, reaching, elongating, and churning, filling the entire cavity of the mouth. 

Ed Screamed like a hysterical woman through his bearded face! It was going to sting him! Those things were Stingers! There was nothing else they could be, nothing else that they would do! And, he was the prey! What else would this thing do but sting him to death, or paralyze him and eat him alive!

Poor Ed, his hysteria would be over the top if he would have been able to see the thing above him, festooned to the ceiling of the cave with so many eyes focused on him. Yes, the thing on the cave ceiling, that owned all of these tentacles, was not only intelligent, but had years and years of experience with men, men of all ages, and it loved men, and how men could supply its need. 

The open mouthed tentacle and its busy occupants moved from his face and traveled down his body, remaining close but not touching him, yet. Ed was yelling for help, high pitched hysterical cries for help. This was going to be his end. Where would it strike, and how much pain would he endure? Would he be stung totally numb and immobile as he watched it tear into his flesh? Oh Dear God, what a way to die! The open maw and its busy occupants placed itself directly below his penis that was dangling down. The wiggling, tendrils were an inch or two from the big, circumcised head. They elongated, and stretched as if trying to reach their target. Fearing the attack on the most sensitive part of his anatomy Ed screamed in pure terror.

"NOOOOOOO! NOOOOO! NOT THERE, PLEASE, NO NOT THERE, HELP! HELP! PLEASE SOMEBODY HELP ME, OH HELP ME! NOOOOO PLEEEEEEEESEEEEE!

He felt the tug as he struggled against the rope tentacles that secured his balls, then the moment came, and he closed his eyes and gasped.

The tentacle moved up and in doing so the head of his penis sank into sea of tendrils, and, they were not stinging him. They were caressing him. Caressing him? Yes, caressing him, and, they were so busy about it. Yes, busy, soft slippery tendrils, like little fingers, tickling stroking, sending washes of warm pleasure, the kind of pleasure that builds an instant sexual response, all focused on the head of his penis. Sometimes they were encasing the glands in unison, then working in a frantic tickling fashion, then stroking in slow teasing circles. Quickly his "old lady splitter" as his friends teased him, was driven to full mast, full impressive mast, and as it did, the head of the penis was pushed deeper into the yawning mouth and the busy fingers actually made small squeaking noises. 

Ed gasped, his eyes still tightly shut. What was going on? What the hell was this? This felt so good! Actually it felt amazing! Finally, opening his eyes, he dared to look down his body and see his dick, fully hard, in fact, harder than ever, with the head of his pecker lost in the churning tendrils. The mouth tentacle stayed still in place, while just the top third of his junk was buried in the churning maw of tendrils. The devilish fingers focused on his frenulum area just behind his glands, and it felt so fucking good. These smart little guys found and worked his "hot spot", like they knew it was his trigger. And, oh, the way they worked it, with various methods to their madness. With his eyes transfixed on the cock head treatment, he started to feel the orgasm rising within him, and his cock head felt distended beyond belief. 

"This fucking thing is gonna make me cum!" He screamed in his brain, while uttering very, loud grunts and gasps of shock and amazement. Oh, he was gonna blow big time! Here it comes, oh here it comes! Then it stopped. It stopped! Ed grunted and his eyes registered an exclamation of shock, as the mouth dropped away from his penis leaving the organ to throb in the open air. Pre-come drool dropped into the mouth stationed a few inches below, on the moving fingers and it seemed to agitate them. 

"What the hell! Ed yelled out in frustration. "What the hell is this? What the Hell are you?" He struggled against his captor as best he could, now feeling frustrated and cheated. Then, Ed felt something against his upturned ass. 

"OH! NO! NO! NO! NO YOU DON'T! NOT THERE! DON'T DO THAT TA ME! YOU FUCKING THING! KNOCK THAT OFF! GET OUTATHERE! OH FUCK!"

And that's exactly what this thing had in mind. Professor Ed yelled in outrage and shock at the prospect of an anal invasion, but there was little he could do. The thin tentacles that had lassoed his balls let him know who was running this little rodeo with some well placed tugs and he obeyed, whimpering. He felt warm fluid drop on his asshole, then more drops near it and then more of the warm liquid and he yelled out again. Now, the came the tip of something that felt soft and warm, and it began to make slow circles around his ass lips Around and around, in teasing circles, pushing gently, and after a few minutes, Ed realized that it had him more excited than afraid. It pushed itself in, feeling narrow, sliding easily inside with a crazy, slick wetness. Then he could feel it thickening, slowly expanding its circumference, then something else. What the Fuck?! What is that?

A round projection of some kind was pushing against his ass lip, on the very bottom of the ring, and with a wet sound, it popped inside him. With eyes opened wide, Ed emitted a high pitched exclamation of surprise at this new and wonderful, sensation. Nothing had ever penetrated his rectum before, not even his doctor. Yet here he was enjoying the rape of his ass. Another round nub pushed through, then, another, and another, as the ass invasion continued. Poor Ed could not see the tentacle behind him giving him these new and strange pleasures. It looked like the other tentacles, but as it entered him, it sprouted bumps or round nodes, in high color. They were various sizes and oozed a clear liquid, and they moved, each individually, elongating, compacting, swelling up then deflating. Gently and gradually Ed's asshole was stretched to accommodate the tentacle that had become so thick, with its active and devilish nodes. Finding his prostate, they got to work with a purpose, making Ed sing a beautiful song of amazement. 

Without it being touched Ed's cock bobbed and throbbed and the big head drooled profusely. He moaned like a bitch in heat in real wonder from the sensations exploding in his brain. He was usually the one in control, now he was the one being owned. As if it couldn't make him any hotter, the mouth was back for more, and directed that engorged cock head back into the tendril foray. 

"OHHH MY GOOAAAD!" Groaning deeply the muscular, bearded man's expression displayed the intense pleasure he urgent need building in his core. Embraced by such pleasure, it must have been natural to want to shoot your wad, to have the cherry on the cake of your day and to have it right now. But poor, Professor Edward Kenny was once again denied as the mouth dropped away, giving up the big, fat cock head for a later time. Ed whimpered loudly in frustration and disappointment.

"OH FUCK! OH FUCK..THIS IS TOO MUCH! Oh..what Rrruuuuudoin Ta Me!"

What a question to ask of a tentacle creature that you mistook for a plant root? Oh,such a naughty professor. Ed was conversing with this thing in earnest, but does it know the meaning of his words? Did it realize his current state of deep excitement and agitation? Did it know exactly what it was doing and enjoying itself in the process? While it didn't answer his question with words, it did demonstrate that it was intent on teasing him, for it brought him to the very edge or orgasm four more times. With each denial, it waited a little longer to start back up. This thing was taking him to school, and by the time it was done, the professor was going to have a degree in edging.

How much more of this could he take? The thing in his ass started again to work itself in and out very slowly, pushing those restless nodes in and then popping them out. At times he thought he could come just from the ass work, then, the mouth arrived again. Oh that fucking mouth was at work again, only this time much more slowly, but just as thoroughly.

"OH PLEEEZ-EEE! OH PLEEEZZEEZE, MAKE IT BE THIS TIME PLEEZEEE! OUUU-LET ME COME, I GOTTA COME...OHHHHH-PLEEEEEEEEEEEEZEEEEE!" 

Oh this felt so fucking, good! How could such little finger things do so much to a man. Then the mouth slowly closed around his penis. Moving very slowly it swallowed the top third of his over bloated cock. 

"OH MY GOD! YES OH YES OH YES OH YES! It was unlike anything he ever felt, a total sheathing, and engulfment, while it sucked rhythmically. Reality exploded in the Professor's brain, he realized what this thing was after. Why couldn't he see it? Now he understood clearly. Ed whimpered loudly as it built up within him, bigger and more powerful than all of the previous times. This was going to be it, and as if sensing this, the creature responded, with more urgent action in his ass. Clear fluid splashed from his ass lips as the nodes were popping in and out with an audible fleshy, noise while the mouth made loud sucking sounds as everything inside it tickled. As these two beings reached the peak of their need, Ed exploded! He came like a fucking, bull! Roaring like a madman, with his asshole clenching the fat tentacle in his ass. His climax was deep, sharp, and profound as his body pumped thick jet after jet of hot, salty spunk, into the thing's mouth, and it greedily sucked it down, feeding, from the bounty that it coaxed, and coaxed with great skill and expertise from another human companion. 

After the dance, Ed stayed in the cave another hour or so and gave his new companion desert. Then he left. He had a tale to tell to his fellow Professors, and he knew that their long lack of companionship in the recent weeks would cause their curiosity to peak. Since they were going to be here a while, Maybe they could work up a few big, fat, four course meals for their new friend.