 Judoc slowly wakes in a daze from the sharp pain on the right side of his head. He notes the iron bars surrounding him and the iron manacles holding his hands behind his back as he looks around. A large sigh escapes him as he came to realize where he was, a Smacian camp, as a prisoner.

The Smacians have been on quite a serious offensive for the past five years, and now they have finally come to Judoc's home of Afros. The Smacians are a strong people, knowing only conquest and honor for their king. They take lands as they see fit, destroying nations in their way.

Judoc curses himself to no end as he sits up from the hard ground. He can see soldiers in their chain mail and knights in their plate armor sitting by fires, singing, talking, laughing, drinking, and eating. Judoc shakes his long, black hair from his face to get a better view only for it to be blocked by an armored figure in front of him.

"Someone finally woke up." The feminine voice came from under a visored helm with a pleased tone. The strange woman puts her hands on her hips as she looked down. He can't make out her face or body, covered in shadow from the fires behind her. She wore plate, clearly a knight.

"I would have stirred earlier, but I'm too used to having a rooster." Judoc replies with a smile. Reaching behind her, the woman produces a key and unlocks the cell. She walks in and bends down next to him. Her hand snatches his face.

"You're a lively one, aren't you, you little shit? You'll do fine for tonight." Judoc's lips purse out like a fish as she holds on to him. The only things a Smacian use a prisoner for is slave labor and sex, and he knows they won't use him as a laborer for only a day.

"Oh really? Couldn't find anyone willing? I'm sure any of those three men by the fire would love a chance-" He is cut short by the back of her metal gauntlet as it comes across his left cheek. Judoc lets out a grunt as he fell, only to be sat up by the woman.

"Watch your tongue Afroshian, or I'll see it removed before I have my fun with you." She removes her helmet to reveal neck length brown hair, tan skin from her time on the front, and brown eyes to match her hair.

He looks over her with a smirk despite the mark on his face. "Hello pretty thing, my name is Judoc. And I wouldn't recommend that. I haven't met a girl who didn't like how I use my tongue." Judoc receives another hit for his joke. The woman sits him up again. He spits some blood on the ground before his face is brought to the woman's.

"You should learn when to keep quiet farm boy." She smiles down to him as she eyes his body, seeing if he was really good enough for her.

"My mother and father couldn't beat that lesson into to me growing up, I don't see why a little girl like you thinks you can." Judoc continues to taunt the woman for, if nothing else, his own amusement.

The woman's blood begins to boil at his comment. She grabs him by his throat and pulls him up. Now standing, she pins him against the iron bars and closes her hand, only allowing him to barely breathe. "Little girl eh? Well, let's just see fucking how big a boy you are." Her expression turns to a wicked smile as she begins to untie the string for the front of his pants.

Judoc lets out a large gasp as the cold steel of her gauntlet wraps around his manhood. Her smile turns to a toothy grin as she bounces his flaccid cock in her hand. After the initial temperature change Judoc smiles back. "Big enough for you?"

"If there is one thing I learned about men, you shouldn't judge the size of their cock until it's hard." Her grip becomes stronger, almost strangling it. Judoc grits his teeth and stiffens his stance. "You aren't getting hard. Tell me, do you prefer the company of men? Their are plenty who would appreciate yours." Her smile remains as she begins to move her hand slowly.

"I assume many would appreciate the company of the dark haired farm boy. But alas, I only enjoy the company of the opposite sex, and a cold hand hardly makes a cock get hard." Judoc clears his throat as her hand stops on him. "Tell me, what is the name of the woman who wants to take advantage of this poor farm boy?"

The woman brings her lips close to his ear. "Herleva." She says into it before biting his ear lobe, causing him to wince. She removes her gauntlet and moves her uncovered hand over his cock. Just as Judoc said, it becomes hard without the metal. Herleva looks down to it as it grows in her hand. "My, my. You are a big boy, or should I say man? You are of age, right?"

Judoc nods and bites his lower lip. "Yes, are you?" He smiles again. Before he got an answer Herleva pushes him out of the cage into the camp, his cock still out as she grabbed his arm. "You didn't answer my question. Where are we going?" He asks as he is lead around the camp.

"To my tent fool. And what do you fucking think? You think the king recruits underage men and women for his army?" Soon enough Herleva pushes him into a large tent made of leather. In the tent lies several bags filled with provisions, an extra set of armor, and a cot.

"Cozy place you got." Judoc remarks before being pushed onto the cot. Now on his back, his arms pinned behind him, he watches his captor begin to undress. She tosses her armor and weapon aside until only her under clothes remained.

Herleva smiles widely as Judoc moves his eyes over her whole body. "Like what you see farm boy?" He nods as she walks closer to the cot. Pulling her shirt over her head, her firm breasts shine in the lantern light under her tent. Judoc's mouth hangs open as she pulls her trousers down all the same. 

Now completely naked, Judoc gets a full view of the woman. Tan skin all over her body, the skin from under her armor a shade paler, her tits and her stomach firm from training and fighting, her abdomen almost sporting a six pack, even the muscle on her arms and legs were tone and firm, and in between her legs was dark brown hair, for the most part untrimmed.

She straddles him, pressing her pussy against his cock, forcing a groan from him. "Perhaps you could take my chains off? I'm sure it would be much more pleasurable to the both of us." Judoc asks, feeling her weight press harder on his manacles.

"Why would that bring me any pleasure? I enjoy the sight of little farm boys squirming under me." Herleva grins as she leans down, bringing her right nipple to Judoc's mouth. He takes it in, sucking and using his teeth to play with it. She lets out a gleeful laugh, along with a moan, as the slave pleases her.

He releases her nipple as Herleva leans up. "Well, as good as I am with my tongue, I can do pretty well with my hands." Herleva thought about the request as another toothy grin comes across her face.

"If you use your hands just as well as your tongue, we'll have to see just how good you are with your tongue." Before Judoc could get a word out, the woman sat herself on his face. Without much of a choice, as if he would say no, he opens his mouth and slides his tongue inside Herleva's pussy.

He knew he was doing well once she grabs hold of his head, pushing him deeper into her. "Fuck, farm boy. You weren't lying." Herleva lets out a moan as she began to grind on his face. Judoc smiles, though you can't see it from under the woman, as he groans into her.

Herleva begins to move faster on him, Judoc's tongue responding in the same manner. Just as Judoc thought she was going to cum on his tongue she lifts off his face. He tries to follow but is pushed back down by the woman. "Now, now, slave. I know you were having fun, but don't get to hasty. I still want the main course."

Rolling him over, Herleva unlocks his shackles. With his hands free Judoc massages his wrists. She sits back down on his body once he is on his back again. Herleva pulls the shirt off of him, allowing her hands to explore his firm body. "You get all this from plowing those fields?" She remarks with a smile.

"And the local girls." His smile cut off as Herleva grabs hold of his throat again, not choking him yet.

"As funny as those jokes must be to you, farm boy, I don't find them very pleasing." She keeps her hand on him as she pulls herself up and slides her pussy onto his cock. Both release a groan as Judoc penetrates the woman. "Fuck, you're bigger than I thought."

"Oh come now, I think you like it when I give you a real reason to rough with your slave. And you're tighter than I thought." The smile comes back despite the hand on his throat clenching harder. Herleva smiles back, knowing full well she did.

She began to pick up the pace as Judoc reaches up and begins to play with her tits. His fingers groped the firm flesh, pinching and flicking her nipples. Moaning loudly she threw her head back. She quickly stops as she hears someone walk into the tent. 

"Herleva, having fun are we?" Once she sees the man standing at the front she stands and salutes. Judoc looks up to see an armored man, another knight.

"Lieutenant. I was just relieving some stress." The blonde man smiles at her, holding his helmet under his arm.

"No explanation needed. I could hear you half way across camp and that reminded me to give you some good news. You'll be training a batch of new recruits come tomorrow." The lieutenant smiles at Judoc before turning around. "So don't tire yourself out too much."

The man leaves the tent just as quickly as he entered. Herleva's stance lightens once he leaves. "Seems like a nice man." Judoc says as he lies back down.

"Zip it slave. I was already having enough of your shit, now I have to train some worthless fucks in the morning." Herleva quickly takes her place back on his cock, riding on it roughly with renewed vigor. "I think I may keep you as my own, may even make you cook my meals, clean my armor, polish my sword, all the things a slave should do."

One of Judoc's hands grabs hold of her ass while the other continues to play with her tits. "As long as that means you still polish my 'sword,' I don't think I'll have much of a problem." Herleva slaps his face, causing his head to turn and a grunt from his mouth.

"You're lucky your mouth does more than spit out shitty jokes." With that she pushes her free tit to his face, his mouth quickly taking the nipple. "God, you learn quick farm boy." Judoc's tongue flicks her nipple as his lips suck on it.

Her hips move faster and faster on his cock, her pussy sliding easily on it. Both moan as they please each other. "How would you make me yours? I didn't know Smacians could keep a personal slave." Judoc questions as he lets go of her tit, only to have it pushed back at him.

"We can if we find one we like. And they make you mine by by tattooing my name on your side. I think I'll set that up before I train the new bloods tomorrow." Herleva reaches down with a hand, moving her fingers in circles on her clit. "You certainly are a submissive farm boy, aren't you? Letting a girl take you as she pleases."

Judoc laughs at her taunt. "And if I were to put up a real fight? I'm no warrior, I know where that would get me. But if you want me to be a little more 'resistant' to the little knight girl's advances, I think I can manage."

Herleva returns the laugh as she rides him faster. "And what kind of resistance would you mount against me, slave?" To her surprise, Judoc grabs hold of her and flips her onto her back. Thrusting now, his pace matches Herleva's bouncing. He steels himself to receive another hit but all she does is let out a moan.

"That's what I'm fucking talking about farm boy. But nothing gets my blood pumping like getting hit back." Herleva smiles up to her new favorite slave. And just as she requested, Judoc brings his hand across her face. Letting out a gasp, she turns back to him with rage in her eyes.

She takes hold of his throat as she had before, baring her teeth while she pulls Judoc's face to hers. "Was that not what you wanted little girl?" His question answered with a kiss on his lips, and a tighter grip on his throat.

Pushing his face away, they smile at each other. Judoc gives one tit a firm smack before playing with it, Herleva responding with a giggle and a moan. "You are most definitely mine now farm boy." 

Judoc begins to thrust faster and harder into her, all to the joy of the woman under him. It doesn't take long for Herleva to recognize Judoc's increased breathing. "Don't you dare fucking cum in me slave. The last thing I need is to be carrying a child into battle."

"Then where would the knight girl have me finish then?" Herleva ponders the question, knowing she doesn't have long until he finishes. Without warning she flips Judoc back to his original position. She rides him faster, pushing herself over the edge as quickly as she can.

She lets out a loud scream as she cums, her pussy tightening around him. Once she is satisfied with her orgasm, she slides off his cock and begins to stroke it. Her hand glides over it easily, the cock covered with her juices from her orgasm. Judoc begins to jerk as he gets closer. "Come on farm boy, show me how big a load you Afroshians can muster."

Judoc grunts and grips the sides of the cot at her words. Herleva jumps back some as semen spurts from his cock, her hand not stopping for a moment until he finishes. "Fuck me." Judoc finally says as his body settles down. She smiles at the cum on her hands and on his body, some of it actually making it onto her thighs.

"Damn farm boy, you are impressive." Herleva licks what cum that settled on her hand off. Then she begins kissing Judoc's stomach and lapping up the cum on it. "Mhm, since you did so well, you can stay in my tent tonight. But you're sleeping on the ground."

Before he could respond Herleva pushes him off the cot, his shoulder hitting the ground. "Ouch. You certainly don't like pillow talk, do you?" Judoc grins as he rubs his shoulder. Herleva smiles as she watches him redress before closing her eyes.

"No, I don't." With a sigh, she settles into the cot. "Tomorrow I expect my armor polished before nightfall. Am I understood slave?"

"Yes, of course. Wouldn't want the little knight girl to break a nail doing her own cleaning." He replies, giving her one last taunt before he lies next to the cot.

"I'll break one across your face if you don't quiet." Herleva replies before quickly falling asleep, clearly satisfied by him. Judoc remains awake for a bit longer, going over how he got here. It could be worse for him, a man could have came by instead of her, and it wasn't like she was bad looking. Plus he hadn't met a woman yet who liked it a bit rough, receiving and delivering.

Finally closing his eyes, Judoc lets sleep take hold of him. Knowing he was going to have a long day ahead of him, and not just cleaning armor.