 Just a friendly warning - this story has some non-consent, monster sex and violence. I tried something a little different in how it is told. -Ax 

*****

I wake up in our bed sweaty and panting. The warm sunlight is streaming in through our window and I hear the cheery bird songs from our garden outside. I take a moment to calm myself, it was just a bad dream. You lay right beside me, I can hear your deep steady breaths and can tell you are still sleeping. I should wake you, I know that you want to get away early this morn. But I just want to keep here, warm in our bed, safe, peaceful. 

Slowly I turn over under the woolen blanket. You look so handsome, wearing a peaceful expression that I rarely see when you're awake. We are both naked under the blanket and I let out a soft sigh as I remember how wonderful I felt as you made love to me last night. My hand moves over and runs through your short dark hair, ruffling it up even more. 

You slowly begin to stir, and then your eyelids flutter open and I see those deep brown eyes look over me. A smile forms on your lips, "Opel..."

"Good morning, handsome."

You suddenly awaken fully and look past me to the window, "Oh, shit! What time is it?" You pull the blankets back and swing your legs over the edge of the bed. I lunge forward and wrap my arms around your naked chest.

"No, stay in bed with me a while longer," I plead.

You affectionately rub my arms as my soft boobs press into your back and I nuzzle your neck, "I told you I wanted to set off at dawn today. I wanted to get in a full days travel."

"You don't need to go at all. Just stay here with me, Paden. Make love to me all day long."

You let out a frustrated sigh, "Damn, Opel, why do always have to make this so hard?" 

I gently kiss your neck as I rub my hand down your firm chiseled abs and find your cock. I take the soft flesh in my hand and squeeze and massage it. You huff out a breath and softly groan as your cock pulses and quickly begins to stiffen in my firm grip. "I can always make it hard, my dear husband," I whisper playfully.

"Not now, Honey-pie," you protest feebly.

I quickly shuffle around on the bed and swing my legs around your waist. I plant a few soft kisses along your strong stubbly jaw. "Hmmn, now." I come forward and press my weight into you, making you fall back onto the bed. My heart starts beating stronger with excitement and I feel the warm tingling arousal as I writhe on top of your muscular body. 

"Opel, I—" I interrupt you as I lock my lips into yours in a lusty kiss. I feel your strong hands rubbing up my body as our tongues fervently wrestle against each other. Your hands make their way up my writhing naked figure and caress my neck. Then your fingers begin sensually rubbing over my pointed half-elven ears. They are quite sensitive, particularly around the tips, and you know just how to touch them to send tingling sensations right through me.

I break from the kiss with a soft sexy moan. My pussy is now very wet and pulsing with need. I shift my weight back and grind my crotch against you. I feel your hard cock pressing up against my warm skin. 

I desperately want you inside me. I reach down and take hold of your rigid manhood and line it up with my wet slit. I look deep into your brown eyes as I slowly lower myself down. Your fat round head pushes through my soft folds and I sigh with pleasure as your wonderful cock slowly enters its rightful place. My throbbing cunt embraces you tightly as I continue to lower myself down on your meaty rod until it is wedged in as deeply as it can go.

I love the pleasurable groan you make as I wriggle my hips and feel your hard cock pressing deep inside me. I begin to slowly bob up and down on top of you, moaning with pleasure as your member continually slides through my tight hugging channel. I gasp and moan as I begin to work up a faster pace, slapping my wet cunt down with more urgency. Your hands wonder up and take hold of my firm breasts, your fingers pressing into the taut flesh as you lovingly fondle me.

My breathing becomes more labored as I ride your cock hard. I look down at the dreamy expression on your face as your hands grope my heaving breasts. Then you take hold of my hips and hold me down against you as you buck underneath me and roll over. I let out a squeal as I come down on the soft mattress and find you rolling on top of me, your throbbing cock still buried deep inside. 

You look deep into my eyes, "Wicked enchantress! You're trying to cast a spell on me, trying to keep me here with you." You pull back and then thrust forward again into my gripping cunt. I moan beneath you as you continually slap your wonderful cock deep into me. 

"Oooh...ungh...You want to stay," I moan. 

You stoop forward and kiss me on the lips. "Yesss," you breathe over my hot face. Then you start thrusting hard and deep again. I grip your strong back tightly, digging my fingernail into your skin as my body is rocked with the intense pleasure. I gasp and groan beneath you until I hear you groaning and feel you slow your thrusts. Your cock throbs strongly and you warm cum spurts into me. It feels amazing, I hug you close to my hot sweaty body as you slowly pump me and spill out more of your seed into me.  

You then push off the bed as your cock slips out of my wet hugging cunt. You stand up next the bed looking down at me, your wet organ still jutting out in front of you, "But we can't always do what we want."

"Why not?" I ask, sitting up. My pulse is steadying and I relish the warm wet feeling in my freshly fucked pussy. "You're a free man, you don't have to answer to anyone but me now." But we have had this argument already, and I know that you're going to go away again. 

You told me that this would be the last time you go out for the hunt, that we would be set up after this one last job. You would buy us an herbalist shop in the city, and you can finally hang up your sword. In your line of work, I know that a large payment means that it will be very dangerous for you. You are one of the best, but I can't help but worry.

I doubt if it would make any difference if I tell you about the dream I had last night. I watched on as you battled a horrific shadow beast. It kept shifting and morphing into different forms. You fought bravely, but eventually it consumed you as I looked on, helplessly crying out. And then the monster came after me with a deep inhuman laugh, and I was engulfed in its darkness. It could mean nothing—just a dream. But it has left me with an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach.

We don't waste any time getting washed and dressed. I help you into your armor as you eat breakfast. It is fine quality armor, a mix of grey steel plate and mail. With finely crafted blue gauntlets and multi-layered shoulder plate. It has many nicks and dents from the combat it has seen, but still looks quite impressive. You look like a heroic knight. Even more so when you take hold of your magical silver sword, the sword rewarded to you when you rescued that imprisoned Pegasus. 

I feel better looking at you like that. You are no ordinary man, you are Paden Thornhill, one of the most feared bounty hunters in the land. You always find and defeat your man, or monster, and return to me.

You stoop your head down and press your lips into mine. I moan into your kiss as I rub my hands along your hardened breastplate. "I'll be back before you know it. Perhaps three weeks at most. Then you'll have more of me than you would like. I'll bring you back something nice."

"Just be careful, please."

"I always am. I love you."

"In this life and the next," I reply.

You kiss me deeply one last time and then slowly break your hug and turn away. I watch from the doorway as you walk down the path and out of our yard. You turn and give me a cocky smile before heading down the dirt road of our quiet peaceful neighborhood. I say a short prayer to the Goddess as I watch my brave knight disappear from sight.

I already miss you, but I have plenty to keep me occupied while you are away. I like to keep our homely two-story brick cottage clean and maintained. I have my garden I meticulously tend to. And then there are my studies of herbology and alchemy. I study and practice for hours each day, determined to reach my goals. I am going to learn to make healing potions one day.

You have told me stories of how healing potions have saved your life on several occasions. I am learning to create these magical potions that save lives. I have the method down to a fine art, it is just enchanting the ingredients with magical power that is the stumbling block. I know my elven blood holds the potential for magic, but drawing from it is so very hard. I practice every day until my head hurts, yet my potions can barely heal minor cuts and scrapes. It is a waste of valuable resources, but one day, hopefully soon, it will be worth it.

And of course, it makes it harder to concentrate on my studies while I'm worrying about you. Yes, you are one of the most respected bounty hunters in the land, but I know that the longer you are in this game, the more likely you are to come up against one more powerful than you. Or it could just take a moment of terrible luck to seal your fate. 

And I know that you don't take any pleasure in what you do. I know you better than anyone, Paden. You have a romantic and kind soul, deep down you hate violence and killing, but you are cursed with being so very good at it. I know what it's like to be very good at something you don't particularly enjoy. As you know, I was a very good whore. 

Sold to the unscrupulous brothel-owner, Adelbert Skarigen, at a young age after my mother died, I was forced to work as a prostitute to pay off my sale-price. It was a piece of hope that he dangles in front of his sex-slaves—work hard to pay off your price and you will earn your freedom. I adjusted to my new life with some difficulty, and became one of his best whores, going by the degrading name "Bunny." It took a long time to work out that I will never be free, Skarigen would keep on adding expenses onto our debt and would never let us go. And I had seen the terrible things that would happen to whores who tried to escape. All the while, he kept up the charade that his women were treated fairly and were there of their own free will. 

Then you came into The Frisky Harpy one night. I could see that you were dragged along by your soldier buddies, and didn't really want to be there. But then you saw me, and there was an instant attraction between us. You paid for my time, and we made sweet love. You treated me like a person, rather than just an object, and I felt that I could open up and be myself with you. I even told you my real name that first night.

You came to see me regularly after that, and though I was visited by many men, you were the only one I looked forward to. We got to know each other very well, and saw that we were meant for each other. With you, it wasn't just sex, we made love, it was real, and it was passionate. You told me that you love me...in this life and the next. You told me that one day, you will be able to buy my freedom from Skarigen, and I really wanted to believe you.

Then you suddenly stopped visiting, and my mind was in turmoil. I clung to the hope that you would return to me again, maybe even make good on your promise to take me away, but I also feared that you had given up on me, I was just a whore and too much trouble. Perhaps you had found someone else. It had been ten weeks, and I had given up hope, shattered and heartbroken, I carried on with my routine of giving myself to all manner of men, pretending that I liked them, when you were the only one I wanted to be with.

And then you came back. You had left the army and risked your life seeking the bounties on dangerous criminals. And you would use that bounty money to buy my freedom. Skarigen, true to character, got greedy and thought that he and his thugs could take your gold and still keep me. You showed them otherwise. You did the world a favor by killing that evil prick, and there are many women who owe you their freedom. You should have just run your sword through him in the first place.

You did as you promised and took me away from that horrible place, and you promised that I would never be a whore again. You used the bounty money you earned to buy us a lovely house. And when spring rolled around, you made me your wife. Our wedding day was the happiest day of my life. I thank the Goddess every day that you had come into my life and saved me.

You treat me like a princess, and I couldn't be happier. But you wanted to keep providing for me, so you continued to hunt bounties, despite the fact that you dislike that kind of work, and despite my hatred of the danger you put yourself in. And now, you promise me that this will be the last time. I just pray that you will return to me safely.

A couple of weeks pass since you left, and we get our first real showers of the season. It is welcome, my gardens could certainly use the drink. I settle into a comfy chair with a cup of tea and one of my books and wish that you were also there to snuggle into. I have begun watching the front gate often, hoping to see you walking down the street, dreading that it will be someone else, bearing the worst possible news. 

The three weeks you told me pass, I become more worried and miss you more and more with each day. At three weeks and four days, late in the afternoon, just getting dark, it is raining heavily once again. I look out the window and see old Tom Hadrich soaked to the bone in his tattered grey cloak as he makes his way up the street. A moment later, another tall figure comes into view. The figure is wearing a dark cloak, but I can see he is carrying a pack and has a sword strapped to his back and my spirits lift. 

It's you, you have finally returned to me. My feet suddenly carry me out into the pouring rain and I call your name. You open the gate and I bowl into your strong arms. I look up at you and then pull back your dark hood. It is wonderful to see your handsome face smiling down at me, your dark eyes seem piercing as the water streams down your tanned skin. You suddenly stoop down and cock your head, forcibly pressing your lips into mine. I melt into the lusty kiss, and hug your hard armored chest tightly as your tongue fervently explores my mouth. 

I pull back and smile at you, "Thank the Goddess! I missed you, my love."

A thin smile forms on your lips, "Opel...my lovely wife. So beautiful." Your hands begin lewdly groping at my bosom, pulling at the wet fabric of my frock. My, it seems you have missed me too. 

I laugh as I get hold of your hands and pull away, "Come, my brave knight. Let us get inside out of this rain."

We enter the kitchen and out of the pouring rain. "Welcome home, dear," I say happily as I shake the water out of my blue cotton frock. You walk past me and drop your pack on the floor. Your cloak is dripping wet and your boots are tracking mud over my clean floor. "You're making a mess," I say, but I'm not really bothered, I'm just very relieved to have you here in our home again. 

You place your sheathed silver sword on the table and plop yourself down on a wooden chair, and then point at your muddy boots, "Help me get them off then, dear wife."

I nod and obediently walk over and kneel before you. You look at me with hungry eyes as I begin to undo the straps. I smile up at you, "So, that is it now? You are done with being a bounty hunter?"

"Oh yes," you say with a smile, "Paden Thornhill has hunted his last bounty."

I pull the left boot off of your foot, "Glad to hear it, so the hunt went well then?"

"It had its setbacks, but all turned out well in the end." 

I pull the other boot off and then you start to undo your chest piece. You seem to be having some trouble with it. I stand up again, "Here, let me help you." I begin working to remove your armor. "You said you'd bring something nice back for me?" 

"Oh, I have something for you right here, Sweetheart," you say as you rub at your groin.

I let out a laugh, of course you were the thing that I wanted most. "How about I draw us a warm bath and then cook up something for you, dear? You must be hungry."

"I'm hungry for you," you say as you stand up. You pull your chestpiece up over your head and drop it down onto the table with a heavy thud. I then let out a squeal as I find myself scooped up in your strong arms. You carry me across the room and ascend the stairs.

I am a little taken aback by your forwardness. You usually look forward to bedding me when you return home, as do I, but you are not usually this aggressive. I find myself getting quite excited. It had been too long since I had enjoyed your touch, felt the heat of your sex inside me. I've only had memories of you and my own touch to sate my desires these last few weeks. "Shouldn't we at least dry ourselves off first?" I ask with a smile. 

"I like you all wet," you respond.

You bring me into our bedroom and I let out a squeal as you roughly dump me onto the bed. The wet hair clings to my face as I lay back on the bed looking up at you. I can hear you breathing heavily as you grab at the front of my soaked blue frock. There is a loud ripping sound as you tear it open. "Hey, go easy!" I protest, "There's no need to ruin my clothes."

You just let out a laugh as your hands lewdly grope at my firm boobs. Then you crawl over me and move your head down to my chest. Your hands squeeze around the taut flesh of my breast as your mouth seals around my nipple and begins sucking forcefully. I gasp for breath beneath you. I let out small yelps as you continue to maul my pert breasts. You move your face over to the other protruding pink nipple and suck, lick and nibble at it. All the while, your hands are forcefully groping at me. I'm not accustomed to you being so rough. The stimulation is quite intense and small darts of pain shoot through me when your teeth clamp down on my sensitive nubs.

Soon you look up at my hot face and lick your lips. "Beautiful," you exhale as you brush my wet hair aside and then move up and begin to kiss me passionately. I moan softly and kiss you back as our tongues fervently rub against each other. Your hand runs up my leg and slides under my skirt, groping at my inner thigh.

We stop kissing for a moment and I catch my breath, "Oooh, my, Paden, you're like a wild beast!"

"You drive me that way, sweet wife!" Your fingers begin pressing hard into the soft fabric of my panties. I feel the potent rubbing in my soft folds and my pussy tingles and moistens. I moan softly with your lewd touch. My exposed breasts are heaving as I breathe deeply, I can see they are reddened from your attentions, and small droplets of water still run down the fleshy mounds. 

Then your hand pulls away and you begin tugging at my blue frock. I squirm about and raise myself and help to get it off, but you are not gentle as you rip it away from my body. You toss the wet torn clothing to the side and then waste no time freeing me of my panties. You have a hungry look on your face as you spread my slender thighs apart and gaze at my glistening rosy slit. 

I look up at you as you hurriedly pull your grey undershirt up over your head. My blood runs hot as I look upon your sexy muscular torso and strong arms. My eyes are drawn down to the bulge in your brown leather pants. Your hands fumble at the laces at the front and then your impressive erection is freed. I bite my lip as my eyes linger over your beautiful thick shaft and darker swollen head. I spread my legs apart, inviting you to take me.

You get onto the bed and settle between my spread legs. You then roughly grab my thighs and raise my groin in front of you. Soon I feel your meaty cock rubbing into my aching slit. I gasp as you push forward and split me open, sinking into me with one hard thrust. My cunt is stretched tightly around your thick pulsing member and I writhe beneath you. "Aaaagh, yesss. Ooh Paden," I cry out in passion.
