 Morning, 1 Sectem, 515 K.E.

Dear Diary, 

Today Master surprised me with a gift! It was you! Now that I've become sentient, Master says it's important to keep track of my thoughts. I'm supposed to find out what kind of person I'm going to be. So excited! 

First off, I guess I better introduce myself. I'm Daylily. Lily for short. I'm Master's first homunculus. She made me using a flower as the base, and gave me its name! Because of the flower I have bright orange hair and eyes, other than that I look like any other 18 year old girl. Well maybe not just like any other 18 year old. Master's brother keeps asking her why I'm so short. I don't really have much more to say about myself yet. I only just started thinking after all. Maybe I should explain what a homunculus is? 

Homunculi are artificial humans created with alchemy and animated with magic. There are three different kinds. First are the servant homunculi. They don't have any real thoughts of their own and simply follow their master's orders. Their master needs to give them a set of basic desires to act on just to get them to move. That's the kind I was until a few days ago. The second kind are homunculi with souls. After gaining enough life experiences the homunculus forms a personality. This is the kind I am now. Eventually, I'll become the third kind, a homunculus with a will. Some day I'll start to form my own desires apart from the ones Master gave me when I was created.

My Master is a witch studying alchemy to improve her skills. Her name is Vivian Rosewood and she's a very pretty, very kind master. Although Hoyt (that's Master's brother) says she'd look prettier if she stood up straight and smiled more. I help her out in her lab with experiments too dangerous to use a real human for. I can regenerate any damage I take, so it's not dangerous for me. That's all I really have to say for now. I'm really looking forward to filling you up Diary!

***

Daylily smiled as she closed the cover on her first possession since becoming sentient. It was time to start work, and nothing would begin without her. Humming cheerfully, Daylily skipped her way down the hallway of her master's home. She arrived at the kitchen to find her master's younger brother, Hoyt, finishing up his breakfast.

"Good morning, Hoyt!" Daylily said brightly. Hoyt looked up, then averted his gaze quickly from Daylily's naked body.

"Morning, Lily. Hasn't Vivian given you any clothes yet?" The serious looking warlock replied.

"Ha ha! Clothes would just get in the way while I'm working." Daylily said, while casually prancing about in the buff. Daylily was completely unaware of concepts like modesty. This was exaggerated by her tempting good looks. She was short and petite, without being too skinny. Her bright orange hair and eyes competed valiantly for attention with her perky breasts. Down lower, her taut midriff and toned thighs framed a smooth groin where all the curves led to one place. Oblivious to the sensual eye candy that she was, she made note of how Hoyt's gaze kept drifting her way even though he obviously didn't want to look. She wondered what that was about. "Is Master up yet?"

"You know Vi. She was up late last night with her spells again." Hoyt said as he started to gather up the dishes. Daylily quickly moved to take them for him. Hoyt got another good look at her nude body while she did. Daylily carefully watched his face as his eyes seemed to roam up and down her body of their own accord. She wondered why his eyebrows shot up like that. His face flushed an even deeper shade of red as well. Hoyt was head taller than her and well muscled for a man of his size. His hair was a dark black, which only made his vivid blue eyes all the more noticeable. As Daylily locked her orange eyes with his blue, she viewed a multitude of expressions pass through them in one confused instant. Flustered, Hoyt grabbed his pack and set off. 

Daylily spent a few seconds reviewing the interaction with her new ability to reason. She decided she didn't know enough about people yet. Hoyt seemed to seek out views of her body yet avoid them when they were in his reach. That was contradictory wasn't it? She couldn't figure it out. She would have to ask her master what that meant. She had to wake up her night owl of a master so she could get working, anyway.

"Rise and shine, Master!" Daylily said as she noisily opened the door to Vivian's room. The wad of blankets piled atop the bed didn't even stir. "We don't have time for me to be gentle about this, Master, so this is your last chance to do this the easy way."

The reaction to this was the same one she could have expected from a corpse.

"Have it your way~." Daylily said as she picked a likely side and began to root around in the covers. "Ah hah!" Her hand closed around soft flesh. "Let's see if I can guess what I have hold of here? Hmm, It's really squishy. Maybe a boob? No, there's plenty of squish but I feel some muscle underneath... Master have you put on weight?"

"Why yoooouuuu!" Vivian angrily raised her head from the other side of the blankets. "Where do you think you're grabbing a maiden this early in the morning?"

"Ah! It was your butt!" Daylily said cheerfully. 

"That was rhetorical! Now go away, and let me sleep!" Vivian defiantly burrowed her way back under the covers. Technically, her master had just given her an order, but Daylily was able to reason now. With reason, there were ways around such a self-destructive order. 

"Okay, Master." Daylily beamed. "I'll just tell the lord's messenger that we couldn't fill that order for his lady's fertility treatments. That means we won't have the money for as much supplies next month. Which means that we won't be able to do as much business. Soon we won't have enough money for food..."

"Alright already!" Vivian capitulated. 

The gloomy looking witch rolled out of her bed. Her hair was jet black, long, and straight. If it didn't droop over her forehead to hide her face and eyes, it would have been an asset to her beauty. While Daylily had teased her about her weight, there was nothing unhealthy or lacking about her full and voluptuous figure. This was sabotaged by her poor posture and the obscuring robes she preferred to wear. Her eyes were a deep ruby red that seemed to catch the light and glow from behind her curtain of hair. Overall, her stunning good looks were hidden behind an outright creepy bearing.

"Go prepare the brewing machine, while I wash my face." Vivian said through a yawn. 

"Yes, Master!" Daylily said as she went to work.

***

Evening 1 Sectem, 515 K.E.

Dear Diary,

What a busy day! We managed to fill two whole orders! I'm still really sensitive. I should probably explain how we work.

A lot of alchemical medicines are based on human body fluids as the base. This lets the patient's body accept them with ease. The usual problem, is that a lot of fluid is needed. Also, the collection process takes such a big toll on the body, that you would have to use a hundred people's worth of body fluids to make one potion! That's not really practical, since you would have to collect from all of them at the same time. This is because the fluids collected need to be fresh when they get mixed. The people giving the collected fluids would need constant breaks too. Except sometimes, they use the collection process to torture and execute people convicted of bad crimes. So some people are scared of alchemists. They think they'll get kidnapped and tortured to death. I don't know why they worry, though. You have to pass a really tough test and get annual reviews by the local lord to be licensed as an alchemist. So it's not like one could get away with that sort of thing.

Anyway, Masters workshop has a lot of restraints to hold someone down while the collection is happening. She uses me to get the fluids she needs, since I can't get hurt permanently. Just so you don't think Master is mean, I should let you know it doesn't hurt at all. In fact it feels really, really good! It's so fun!

Today we were brewing fertility treatment tonic. To brew the tonic, master needed to let the solution ferment inside a healthy womb for a while. This was the first time we did some brewing since I started thinking, so I got really excited! First I helped master mix the solution. It's pretty tricky since we can't let any of the liquids touch her skin. If they did, we'd get really horny and wouldn't be able to concentrate.

After that was done, Master strapped me into the "Y" frame. It's a really big "Y" shaped restraint that holds someone upside down with their legs spread apart. I was really wet when master strapped me in so I couldn't move. She says that's a good thing. The solution is more potent if I'm aroused. I could tell Master was getting really aroused too. I think she really wants to try brewing something someday. Too bad it might hurt her.

When I was upside down, she put the harness on my crotch. It feels weird at first, since the harness holds my vagina open for the brewing hoses. She stuck a hose attached to a dildo all the way into my womb. Then she stuck a small catheter into my urethra to catch my urine (since I kinda pee when I get turned on). Master had another order that needed a lot of ammonia, so my pee is useful too! She gave me a water bottle so I could stay hydrated, and then she started the pumps. The solution we made earlier got pumped into my womb, and then the dildo started vibrating to both keep me aroused and speed up the fermenting process. 

It's kind of hard to describe how good it feels to ferment the tonic, but I'll try. So when the solution goes into your womb, it's really thick. Kind of like jelly. Wherever it touches starts to tickle, and it feels really cool even after it's been inside you a while. There's also a bunch of solid crystals that form in it, so it scratches around when the dildo starts stirring it. When the crystals touch the sides of your womb it feels like electricity runs through you. That's when I pee from the shock and pleasure, usually. After a while all the crystals melt and the solution ferments and gets runny. That's when the hose sucks the batch inside me out and pours more in. 

A normal human woman could only handle making about two or three batches before she would pass out, or her nerves would go numb from the vibration. I can make 50 batches in one day! That's because my nerves were custom made to be extra durable and extra sensitive by Master! My womb and vagina also heal really quickly, even while they are being teased. Even if the vibration hurts some of the nerves, I grow them back really fast.

Master made 20 batches with me today. She kept getting really aroused while watching me, and masturbated a few times. She was getting so horny she even started licking my thighs and asking me to eat her out while we brewed. I like Master's taste, but she always gets super embarrassed after doing those things with me. She says she doesn't "swing" that way. I have no idea what that means, and she won't tell me.

Master was done with the brewing by the time Hoyt came home from the garrison. He's one of the warlocks in the royal army. He supports the knights and soldiers of the crown with combat magic. From what Master says, he's very good at it too. A lot of people hold him in high regard for a caster of his age! Master asked him to put me in my regeneration tank for her while she put the last ingredients in the fertility potions. I was too tired to move on my own so he unstrapped me and carried me to my room. I really like the way it feels when he holds me. He's so nice!

He was blushing really hard while he wiped my body down. I couldn't stop moaning, since I was really sensitive. He did a good job wiping me, but I think he should have wiped me a little more between my legs. I can't explain it, but that's what I was thinking when he stopped. After that, he put me in my tank and filled it up. Then he stayed to read a book for me. I usually get very bored floating in my tank alone. He really is nice!

When it was time for me to get out of the tank and make dinner he even surprised me again. He gave me a shirt and some panties! I have my own set of clothes now! I was so happy I tried hugging him like Master does sometimes. He was really surprised. I could feel his heartbeat get quicker, and something got really hard in his pants. I tried to ask him what he had in there, but he got really embarrassed and wouldn't tell me. I wanted to ask him again, but his friend, Sir Wilkes, came to get him for some night duty. Sir Wilkes is really big, and handsome. He always pats my head when he comes by, and he's friends with Hoyt, so I like him a lot! Master tried to hide when Sir Wilkes was there. I'm not sure why, though. She was calling his name all day when she was masturbating. 

When Master and I had dinner that night she asked me where I got the clothes. She smiled really big when I told her Hoyt had given them to me (Hoyt is right, Master is really pretty when she smiles). Then I asked what the hard thing in his pants was. She didn't answer me, and just kept laughing for a long time. She told me I'd have to ask him again. I think she's teasing me. Or playing a prank on Hoyt. I'm really curious now!

Wow! That was a lot in one day, huh? I can't wait to tell you what happens tomorrow, Diary! Good Night!