 Author's Note: Thanks for all the support and positive reviews you guys gave for my story. It was my first story and I didn't really think about writing chapters for it so I kept it a bit short. But now I decided to add on to the story, give some more back ground, some character development, and more about the world so it's a bit of a longer read but hopefully you guys enjoy it all the same. 

Any feed back is appreciated and love to hear from you guys about what you think. Tell me how you feel about continuing this story. Hope you enjoy!

**********

Judoc felt a light shove on his side as he lies on his back. "Wake up." He lets out a tired groan, recognizing the voice as Herleva's, his captor. Another shove. "I said wake up."

"I didn't hear a rooster." He mumbles and lays his forearm across his eyes as the early sunlight enters the tent.

"Cock a doodle doo." Herleva brings her foot as far back as she could before bringing quickly down on his newly exposed left side. Judoc curls up into a fetal position as he grips his side and gasps for air. "There's your fucking rooster, now get up."

"Son of a bitch." He says weakly, still trying to find his breath. Finally looking up, he sees Herleva already suited in her armor, her helmet in her hand. "Why the hell did you do that?" Judoc spits between his teeth before slowly getting up and sitting on the cot. He continues to string several swears together.

Herleva walks around him with a sigh and grabs her sword. "Because I already told you to wake up twice. And I wasn't going to do it a third time for a slave." She ties the belt for her sheath around her waist before moving back in front of Judoc. "There is a large red tent to the east, head there. They are expecting you for your markings."

"Excuse me if I don't jump for joy." Judoc lays back, still holding his side as he stares up. "Shit, I think you broke a rib."

"Oh, did I hurt the poor farm boy?" She bends down to face him, speaking to him with a tone for children. "Then the second thing you can do visit the infirmary. After that I want you to go through my provisions and write down all that I have. You do know how to write, right?" All she receives from the man is a slow nod. "Good. And I expect a meal cooked for supper before I return from training the new recruits. Breakfast is outside, bacon and eggs."

"That sounds great and all, but I-" Judoc stops as he hears the tent flap open. Looking around, he sees that Herleva has left. With a sigh and a grunt he stands and limps out of the tent. Once outside he can feel the summer heat on him even though the sun has been out for only a couple of hours and still hasn't climbed over the mountains.

Herleva has already vanished as he looks around for her. "Well I hope she enjoys whatever I burn for her." Judoc has never been a good cook, always getting one of his neighbors to cook his meals for him. He spots the wooden plate with the bacon and eggs next to a dying fire. It's already cold as he begins to eat, lying down from the pain coming from his side.

Judoc decides it's best to head out before he wastes too much time. His new wound doesn't make the trek any easier. He quickly becomes tired and sweaty as he rounds several tents, trying to find the red one. Summer was never his favorite season. Too hot and nothing to do other than water his crop. Judoc would catch a neighbor heading to the market on occasion and see what was going on there but never liked being in the heat.

Judoc passes several large tents while searching before being stopped by a solider. "Hey! How the fuck did you escape?" The man dressed in chain mail with a spear and a shield grabs him by his left arm, causing another sharp gasp from Judoc.

"Slow down. Hold the fuck up!" Judoc manages to get out. The soldier looks at him with confusion from his protests. "I'm trying to find the tent to get marked or something."

The guard releases him, allowing him to grab his side again. "I see. Sorry about that. When you see a man dressed as a slave walking around by himself, you have to ask you know?" The man begins to laugh, Judoc giving him a fake smile. "Well, you're headed in the right direction. It's only a few more yards to the east. It's the red one, can't miss it."

Judoc nods and resumes his search. The camp is filled with noise as he moves around, soldiers marching, knights bellowing orders, slaves working away at the tasks their owners gave, and new recruits learning to swing a sword. Soon enough he finds a large tent made of dark red fabric. He enters and examines the interior.

It's bare except several stools lined up with a small table next to each, with a needle and an inkwell sitting on the table. Several men in robes are already tattooing men and women while they sat. They clearly serve the God of War, Zoton. Their red robes cover almost every inch of skin, gloves, hoods, and masks cover what the robes do not. The priests, if you could call them that, of Zoton do not speak but only do as told by the king of the land they serve in.

One of the decrees Zoton laid out for an army conquering in his name is that any surviving citizens of the land shall be dealt with however the triumphant side decides. And it was clear how the Smacians decided to use those citizens.

The Smacians pray to other gods and goddesses, Tinnia, the God of Honor, Wikmis, the Goddess of Duty, to name a few, but Smacia is the only kingdom left who pray to Zoton. Most other kingdoms abandoned him in favor of other gods that didn't rely on decimating cities and nations to win their favor. In Afros' case, Oenar, the God of Agriculture, was a big one many prayed to. Even the cynic that Judoc was would occasionally offer him something.

Judoc's train of thought is broke as another guard begins to call out to him. "You, slave." He heads over to the man sitting at a large table with several slips of paper. "What's the name of your owner?"

"Herleva. I don't know how to spell it." The man immediately begins to write it down.

"I remember her, she came around earlier." He hands Judoc the slip as he takes it slowly. Judoc turns around and starts to walk through the tent before one of the priests grabs him and forcefully seats him in an empty stool. He winces and grunts from the pain coming from his side as he is pushed down. The priest gives little attention to his gripes and pulls his shirt off, taking the slip.

"I don't think I know you that well." Judoc remarks as his shirt is tossed on the ground. The priest grabs his right arm and holds it up. Taking the needle and ink, the priest begins to write the name on the slip onto his right side. Judoc is just happy it's not his left side getting the tattoo, but the needle still stings as it is pushed into his skin.

As he sits there, letting the unknown man mark him, the temperature begins to rise in the tent. More sweat runs down his body, the priest using a towel to wipe it away as he labored on. For what felt like hours the man finishes. He is handed his shirt and pushed from the stool just as unceremoniously as he was sat down in it.

Stepping out, the sun is now higher in the sky and over the mountains. Rather than aimlessly walking around the camp in this heat for hours Judoc approaches a guard. "Can you point me to the infirmary?"

"West side of the camp, big white open tent." The guard points west as Judoc nods.

"Thanks. Hey, can I have a drink of water please?" Judoc's shirt is already drenched in sweat from the heat.

"Piss off." The guard says with a laugh before walking away. Shaking his head, Judoc starts walking west. He heads straight for Herleva's tent, knowing he'll pass it on the way, and once he enters it he begins to dig through her bags. Finally finding a water skin he pulls the cork from it and begins to drink heavily. He looks for another after he finishes but doesn't find it.

Satisfied with what he got he steps back out into the heat. He walks for about ten minutes before being stopped again, but this time by two knights. "Hello. You lost slave?" The shorter one of the two moves behind him while the other stands in front of Judoc.

"No, but if you could point me to Mossy Rock Meadows, I'd appreciate it. Would love to get back to my farm." Judoc says with a smile before trying to move around the man in front.

The knight grabs him by the throat, a grin can be seen under his helmet. "Oh my, you have a smart mouth on you. Maybe I should put it to better use, along with that body of yours."

Judoc continues to smile at him. "Sorry boys, but I'm happily taken." Judoc lifts his shirt to reveal the fresh tattoo on his side, the skin around it red. The knight reads it and immediately lets go.

"Could have just shown me those ribs and I would have known you belong to Herleva. Never thought she'd take a slave for herself." Judoc looks to his left side for the first time, the muscles on him are swollen and the skin a dark purple color. "Woke her up no the wrong side of the bed huh?" Judoc gives another fake smile as he nods.

"Find us if you get tired of being that bitch's punching bag, maybe we can arrange a trade." Calls out the shorter one as they both depart.

Walking a bit longer he finally sees the white tent in the distance. As he gets closer, he can see several men and women laying on cots, both soldiers and slaves, being attended to by doctors wearing white.

One of the doctors notices him as he walks into the shade. "Are you marked boy?" The elderly woman approaches him, hands behind her back.

"Yeah." He lifts his shirt as he did before, the doctor nodding as she takes him to an empty cot. Judoc sits and takes of his shirt as he is handed a cup with water in it. He drinks it greedily as the doctor examines him.

"Definitely one broke rib." The woman pushes her hand on his side, causing Judoc to take a sharp inhale and jump. "More than likely two. Your owner, did she sign off on any medicine?"

"No." Judoc says as he side thumps with pain. "She just said to come here."

"Well, all I can do is bind it then." The doctor collects some bandages and begins to wrap them tightly around his torso.

Judoc occasionally winces as the cloth comes around him. "You can't give my anything for the pain?"

The woman shakes her head. "Medicine cost gold boy, so you'd have to have a signed paper from your owner allowing you to have any." Once finished with the binding she pours more water into his cup before turning. "Get as much as rest as you can if you can manage it. Come back in two days to change out the bindings." After the woman walks away Judoc drinks the water and slowly rises, heading back to Herleva's tent.

The trip back was easier, the bandages holding the bone and muscle in place. He quickly enters the tent to escape the sun. Sitting on the cot he takes a sheet of paper and some charcoal and begins to go through the bags. Judoc writes down every last item, minus what he sat aside to cook, or burn knowing his skill. He decides to clean the armor before cooking, wanting to wait for the sun to set more. "That damn woman better appreciate all this."

After that task he steps out and lights a fire, the sun starting to set in the west. Building it up he hangs a pot on the spit and lets the water in it boil. Once the water is bubbling Judoc drops in carrots, celery, onion, along with the only meat he could find, strips of jerky. He watched it carefully, stirring it every now and again. Taking a taste he finds it suitable and lowers the flame.

He lays back only for a moment when he hears a voice. "Something smells good farm boy." Sitting up on his elbows he sees Herleva walking toward the tent, her armor dirt covered and her brown hair wet with sweat. She takes a seat next to him. "Get you tasks done?"

"All day I run errands and cook you supper, and you can't even ask me about my day. Why I stay I just don't know." Judoc lays back down. Herleva gives him a mock laugh before ladling some of the stew into a bowl.

"Well, did you get it all done or not?" She spoons some of the food in her mouth, a grimace taking over her face as she chews. "By the gods, what did you fucking do to the meat?" She spits a chunk of the jerky out.

Judoc smiles as he hears her. "Jerky was all I could find for meat. And yes, I did what you asked dearest wife." He reacts quick as he hears Herleva's armor move and grabs her wrist before her fist strikes his side. "I just saw the doctor, so could you wait for me to heal before you wound me again?"

Herleva thought about striking him anyway but decides against it. "Call me 'wife' again slave, and you'll wish the only thing you had was broken ribs." She eats the stew with contempt, pulling out the chunks of meat and tossing them aside. "Next time get a chicken, or just something."

"To be honest I've never been a good cook, tried to tell you that before you left. Always got someone else to do it. Besides, I've been stopped twice walking around and told that I have to have your permission to get anything."" He says with a shrug.

"True, they don't just hand things out to slaves. Your mother never taught you how to cook?" Herleva questions after another spoon of the stew.

Judoc shakes his head. "No, she died when I was four and my father never knew how to cook anything either."

She gives him a questioning look. "What happened to her?"

"Consumption." He says, giving a quick answer to the uncomfortable question.

"Who the hell cooked for the two of you then?"

"Miss Mona, a woman who lived on the neighboring farm. She'd cook whatever we brought her and eat with us. My father was keen on her, I could tell." He replies with a nostalgic smile.

"What happened? Did it not work out or something?" She asks, all the more curious.

Judoc becomes more solemn at the question. "My father was killed at the market over our harvest when I was sixteen. Some beggar stabbed him and took what he could. The rest was taken by others. He told me to stay and tend the house when he set out."

Herleva nods as she downs the broth. "Sorry to hear that. Well, at least the rest of the stew was good."

"Thanks. I guess." Judoc replies, not sure how to feel about the halfhearted sympathy and complement.

She sighs as she lays back. "Training those halfwits was hell. None of them could hold a sword worth a damn."

"Welcome to Afros, where only farmers and merchants live except in the castle. The only thing these people know how to wield is a hoe and a coin purse." Judoc sits up and makes a bowl for himself, finding the meat just as unpleasant as she did.

Herleva scoffs. "If the force we met coming in is any indication of how well the soldiers in the castle fight, we'll have it before the end of the month."

"Well, up until Smacia started rampaging through farm lands and markets five years ago, there hadn't been a real war in twenty years. And besides, it's never really been the troops that held Castle Windkeep, it's the road there. Only way way in and out, and it's miles of open road in a mountain pass where even an old man can see you coming. Plus they are stocked with enough food and drink to keep everyone in that castle feed for at least two years."

Herleva gives him a surprised look for his knowledge of the castle's defenses. "And how does a farm boy like you know all this?"

"I like to read. Winters can be pretty dull as a farmer." Judoc shrugs as he takes another bite of his supper.

"They'll definitely hold out against us if those sorry excuses for recruits don't shape up soon."

"Only reason they joined is so they don't have to end up dead or like me."

"Are you saying you don't enjoy your new role?" Herleva says with a laugh. A scoff is the only answer Judoc gives. "Certainly enjoyed it last night."

"I didn't have two broken ribs then." Judoc lays back on the ground and closes his eyes once he is finished with his food. He grunts as he feels a heavy weight on his legs, causing him to groan in pain.

He looks up to see his tormentor on top of him, her armor reflecting the light from the fire. "I think you are happy right where you are. And if not, tough shit." Herleva begins to rub her hand on his crotch, smiling wickedly.

"You spent all day training in this heat, and you still have the energy to torture me?" He grunts, partly from pain and partly from pleasure. "Could we skip tonight? I don't think sex is a good idea in my condition."

Herleva continues to rub him, his cock starting to bulge in his pants. "Still cooler than what it is in Smacia right now. And I don't think so farm boy, I need this after today." Judoc quickly flips her on her back, taking the same position she had on him.

"Then I guess I'll just have to give it to the little knight girl." Judoc grabs her throat, a surprised but happy face on Herleva. Their little game is interrupted as two knights approach. Judoc recognizes them as the two from earlier.

"Letting your slave get the better of you Herleva? Never known you to let anyone get on top." Judoc quickly gets off Herleva for his own safety as she begins to stand, taking a offensive stance.

"Remon and Honfroi. Took a brake from taking turns with each other?" Herleva smiles as she rests her palm on her sword. Judoc notes each one she faces as she names them. The shorter one is apparently Honfroi, the taller Remon.

Remon takes steps toward Herleva, holding onto his own sword. "Funny. I almost had a turn with your slave here, I'm sure he would have enjoyed it, but unfortunately he was already marked." The knight smiles at Judoc as he stands next to the fire.

"At least you're smart enough to follow the law. The lieutenant would have had your heads if you tried anything." Herleva meets him, her face in his. "What do you two want?"

"Wanted to make an offer for the boy. Give you half of our rations for two months to take him off your hands." Honfroi pipes up from Herleva's left.

Herleva begins to think as she looks to the ground. Judoc gulps hard, fearing she might take the deal more and more the longer she stays quiet. She finally looks up with a grin. "Quite the offer, but no. I'm keeping the farm boy. May not be much of a cook, but he fucks me too well."

"Three months." Remon counters.

"I said, no." Herleva clenches her teeth, baring them at him. "Now go, before I let the lieutenant decide what to do with your rations after I kill you."

"What's so special about him? Finally found one who doesn't just lie there? Have too much power in your day to day life so you let him play master for a bit?" Remon laughs at his joke but it quickly quiets as a knife is brought to his throat.

"Careful Remon. I wouldn't go around judging how others enjoy their free time without taking a look at how you do." Pulling the knife away, Herleva sheaths it and backs away. "Now, while I take my little farm boy and have him fuck me just the way I like it, you two can go fuck each other the way you like it."

Remon almost draws his sword but backs down. "Offer is still open, should you change your mind." Turning around, both leave amongst the many tents.

"Holy shit. I thought for a second you were going to give me to them." Judoc laughs his worry away but is halted as Herleva grabs his arm and drags him into the tent.

"Don't push your luck farm boy. If I thought they would have said four months I would have." She smiles as Judoc becomes uneasy again. "You make the cutest face when you're scared. Now calm down and take off my armor." Herleva stretches out her arms, waiting for him to pull the straps. Judoc smiles back at her as he move behind her, doing as asked.

He begins undoing the straps one by one, starting with her arms, then her body, and finally her legs. Once all the plate is off, Judoc's hands explore her tan body before putting a tight grip on her tits. Herleva moans at the pressure and grabs his groin with the same hold. "I thought you said you weren't up for it?"
