 Evening 3 Sectem, 515 K.E.

Dear Diary,

What a weird day. I was so confused about what was going on I couldn't really think straight. Master said we should just work when things get like that. She seemed frustrated all day too. She kept muttering under her breath about Sir Wilkes needing to knock or something. For work Master got an order from the local blacksmith for some tempering fuel. When a blacksmith sprays it into their forge, it changes the tensile strength of the metal within the core as opposed to the outside layer. It's how they make swords with both an extra durable edge and the same flex that makes it easy to use.

Making the tempering fuel is really easy. We had enough of the base reactant from yesterday. All we needed was to add the fertilizer to it, then heat it at the right temperature. My job is to serve as an incubator and mixer for the fertilizer mix. For lunch master gave me the starter gel and some gruel. That part is no fun. Gruel leaves me feeling hungry and the starter gel tastes nasty. Master lets me wash my mouth out with water, but I can't swallow any. After that, she takes me over to the stocks so she can hook me up to the mixer. I lay down on a padded bench and Master straps my chest, legs and hips in place. There's places to hold my wrists too, but we don't really need those. Master got the stocks refurbished from somewhere that used to interrogate prisoners. Sometimes I think about all the bad people who were tied to this thing while they confessed their sins. I don't know why but it makes me kinda wet. 

While she makes the mix for the fertilizer, Master usually lets me read a book. Usually it's books about alchemy so that I know what we're doing. Today she gave me the book that Hoyt was reading to me. It got me thinking about Hoyt again, and I got really wet. I asked Master about it, and she asked me if I wanted Hoyt to help out some day. When I looked confused, Master started putting the lube on my butt and told me to imagine that it was Hoyt doing it. I almost came right away! I told Master that we should ask him to help out sometime, then I suggested that we have Sir Wilkes help too! For some reason that got Master all embarrassed again. Master's so shy! I think I'll help her out and ask for her sometime. Won't she be surprised!

After Master lubed my butthole up, it was time to start mixing. First, Master took the cold mix and squirted it up my butt. I was still thinking about Hoyt and It felt much better than it usually does. Master put a vibrating plug in, and let the solution settle inside me. The solution fizzles while it's inside, it tickles a lot and makes you feel nice and cool down there. Eventually all the fizz goes away and it's time for the hot solution. For this, Master puts a hose on the plug and starts shooting the hot mix in with small squirts at a time. Every time a hot squirt goes in, the mixture starts fizzing again. It also makes a really nice feeling of warmth go up and down my body. That's the part I like best about this kind of alchemy.

I wasn't thinking of anything but how good it feels and Hoyt at the time, but now I wonder. Who originally thought these methods up? It's not like somebody could figure this stuff out without trying it. Then again, some of the stuff you do while cooking is pretty weird too. Somebody thought of tying up a roast before cooking it, and then somebody figured out how to make pudding from the drips. Blacksmithing too. Who was the first person that decided to stick rocks in a fire and see what happened when he hit them with a hammer? People must do some strange stuff when they get curious.

This process keeps me on edge a long time. It's really frustrating when I can't come, but it's kinda fun waiting for it to finally happen. Master likes to play around too, she always waits until I settle down before adding another squirt of the hot mix. I was getting pretty worked up thinking about Hoyt while the plug kept vibrating. Eventually I started calling out his name. Is that why Master is always calling Hedran's name? I got even more excited when I called for Hoyt. I also felt even more frustrated. I can't really explain what it was that got me so excited by calling Hoyt's name, but it suddenly felt like I wasn't going to be satisfied with my orgasm if Hoyt didn't cause it. I kept getting closer and closer but it just wasn't enough anymore. I couldn't come, and by the time we were getting close to finishing I was screaming Hoyt's name. He must have heard me and thought something was wrong, because he crashed through the door with a worried look on his face. I'm sorry for worrying you Hoyt!

As soon as I looked him in the eyes, I climaxed. It was the biggest orgasm I'd have ever had up till then! I sprayed Master in the face and even squeezed the plug hard enough that it bent a little. Hoyt was just staring at me from the door, and his face was really red. I don't think I would have stopped cumming as long as I was looking him in the eyes. I ran out of breath and almost fainted though. Hoyt came over and asked me if I was okay, he was really worried! He was kind of angry when he asked Master what was going on. Master took him out of the room and I didn't hear what they said, but soon Master pushed Hoyt back in and shut the door behind him...

***

Daylily gasped every time Hoyt's hand brushed against her as he unstrapped her from the frame. She couldn't understand why she was so sensitive. Every contact with her master's brother soothed her flesh with a warm but wild sensation. Her body seemed to seek the tactile sensation of being touched. It made her weak and yet energized her at the same time.

As the last of the straps came off Daylily tried to rise. The symphony of new sensual sensations had left her weaker than she realized, though, and she swooned into Hoyt's arms. Her head against his chest, she could hear his heartbeat. Strong and fast. The sound pleased her, as did the warmth of his body against her cheek. Hoyt hefted her body to carry her to the bath, and she found herself trying to touch as much of her body as she could to his. No matter how much she felt him, it didn't seem to be enough. 

"Hoyt..." She whimpered as she pressed her face into his chest.

"Yeah?" Hoyt, responded as they entered the bathroom.

"I need you to help me wash. I can't do it." Daylily mumbled.

"...Okay." Hoyt said, and began taking off his own clothes. 

Daylily watched him strip with rapt attention. She felt her face flush as his penis came into view, but her excitement only grew. As Hoyt bent over to pick her up again, Daylily found herself trembling. She hadn't ever been afraid before, or nervous. This was an entirely new sensation, and she found herself simultaneously dreading touching, but needing to be in contact with Hoyt's skin. She stared at him like a wounded bird eyeing a viper, but shied away every time he glanced her way. What was going on? She couldn't understand her normal reactions in this context, much less the new ones. 

Soon she found herself bent over Hoyt's thighs as he cleaned off the leavings of today's alchemy session. Hoyt's hands on her rump and privates caused that same warm, exciting sensation Daylily had come to enjoy so much. As he scrubbed, she felt herself getting more worked up than any of the alchemical processes she ever experienced had made her. Before she was even aware of how excited she was, she was already cresting the top.

"Hoyt! Wait! I... Nyaaaaaah!" Daylily tried to articulate her excitement but climaxed before she could finish the thought aloud. Completely losing control of herself, urine and vaginal fluid erupted in a torrent as Daylily convulsed upon Hoyt's lap. Her arms seemed to wrap around him of their own accord as she gasped for air. Both of them were breathing rapid, ragged breaths. To listen to them, one would believe they had both run for miles. Hoyt's legs had been pressed together before, but as Daylily pressed against him they came apart for balance. Something slapped against Daylily's chest and she looked down to see his penis throbbing against her breast.

"Lily, calm down. We need to calm down. Woah!" Hoyt's plea for reason was abruptly cut short as Daylily took his manhood into her mouth. "Lily! Wai...Sto...Ngh!" Daylily looked up and disgorged his member with a smack of her lips.

"I promised I'd do it better next time." She said looking up into his eyes. Hoyt appeared to have a protest, but whatever it may have been, it didn't make it past his lips. Instead, he guided Daylily to the ground, straddled her head, and spread her legs apart. Daylily had to prop herself up a bit, but she managed to get Hoyt's rod into her mouth. She let out a little shriek of surprise as Hoyt slid his tongue along her slit. "Hoyt! What?"

"I still need to clean you off." He said, matter of factly. 

Daylily had been licked by her master before. While the act and feeling was the same, Daylily could hardly parse the wave of sensation Hoyt's rendition brought on. Her crotch smoldered hotter and hotter as his tongue slid up and down. Her legs spread themselves as Hoyt brought his own mouth down to nibble her pubic mound. As his tongue fished out her clitoris, Daylily reasoned that if it felt this good for her, her mouth on his penis must feel that good too. Hoyt should get to feel good too, she thought. Her furiously working mind seemed pleased that it was her that got to make him feel good as well. It was really important that she was the one to do it, for some reason. What was that? 

Daylily sucked Hoyt's penis as firmly as she could. She ran her tongue around the tip and teased the head with her lips. She took it as deep as she could, thinking that the dildo's modeled after it always went deep into her. Emulating every tender caress that Hoyt gave her, she moved desperately as Hoyt brought her to another orgasm. Hoyt suddenly grunted as his lips, gently but firmly clamped down on her clitoris, causing Daylily to finish with him. With a breathless shriek, Daylily's mouth came off of Hoyt's manhood as he ejaculated onto her face and chest. Tired, the two curled up to face each other. Daylily couldn't tear her gaze away from Hoyt's blue eyes. Hoyt returned her stare, then snorted out a panting laugh.

"Looks like I need to clean you up some more." He said.

***

Hoyt cleaned me off four times during that bath! I never knew getting cleaned by someone else could feel so good. He finally managed to wipe away all the sticky cum and pee, though. We sat for a nice soak in the tub together, and his penis got hard again. I asked him if we should use it like a dildo this time but he shook his head no.

He says that's something I should only do if I'm certain that I want to. He apologized for getting carried away, and said that what we had just done was only for people who wanted to be together too. I told him not to worry. It was really fun, after all!

Master was waiting to use the bath when we went out. She had this big grin on her face and kept poking Hoyt. Hoyt looked annoyed but he bore with it until Master asked him how I tasted. He cast another tickling curse on her then. We got dressed and made dinner. Master kept teasing Hoyt and giggling. She asked if she could call me her sister yet. I said I didn't understand that. Since Master was born the normal human way, and I was made with alchemy, how could we be sisters? Master started to explain until Hoyt kicked her under the table. Am I not supposed to know? So confused.

I tried to follow Hoyt to his room and ask him why, but he said he was probably going to have a fight ahead of him tomorrow. The town guard was closing in on the highwaymen's hideout, and Hoyt said they probably wouldn't come quietly. I wasn't sure how loud they are factored into it, but I understand that fighting is dangerous and Hoyt needed a good night's rest before hand. I said goodnight, but before I could go back down the hall he put his arm around my waist. He pulled me close and used his other hand to tilt my chin up really gently. Then he closed his eyes and touched his lips to mine! It felt really good! Not orgasm good, but it made me super happy! I wanted to ask him what that was, but I was too shocked to say anything. I put my arms around him, since he was hugging me, and you're supposed to hug back. He closed his eyes and did it again. I closed my eyes too, it made it feel more exciting! Hoyt even stuck his tongue inside my mouth this time! He stopped too soon though! I don't know if there's a good time you're supposed to do that for, but I really thought he should have done it some more!

He kept his forehead pressed to mine and told me that he would have really regretted not doing that. I didn't like the way he sounded when he said that. It was like he thought we wouldn't be able to do it again. Just thinking about that makes me really, really sad.

When I did go back to my room, Master was waiting for me in her pajamas. She had her creation journal that she uses to record my development in with her. She pulled me to the bed and told me to tell her everything. What happened, how I felt about it, what I thought about it, and why I thought and felt that way. I started telling her, and she kept squealing at some of the stuff I said. She hugged me and laughed for a bit, not the teasing laugh that she kept using with Hoyt. This laugh seemed really happy. I only remember hearing her laugh like that when I first came to life, when Hoyt graduated from Warlock school, when I started thinking, and a few other times. She asked me to repeat the whole story several times while she wrote stuff in her journal. She was so excited!

We kept talking till late at night. Master really wanted details on what and why I thought and felt about what happened. It was confusing at first, but Master gave me some hints when I had trouble figuring out why I thought some things. You know what diary? I already want something! It's only been a week and three days since I could think for myself and I already have a will! I was so excited! Master was jumping up and down celebrating. She hugged me and kissed me on both cheeks and said I should just call her Vivian now. Or sister, but she didn't explain that this time either. So confusing! I don't think it'll be easy to stop calling her Master though. I've been doing it my whole life long after all.

Isn't that amazing diary? I have an actual desire of my own! Oops! All this writing, and I almost forgot to tell you the first thing I've ever wanted!

I want to stay with Hoyt forever.

P.S. and I want try using his penis like a dildo too.