 ©capn_doggy

Spoiler Tags: Transformation, Male to Female, Reluctance, Monster Girl, Bee Girl, Lesbian, Futanari, Light Bondage, Cunnilingus, Lactation, Mind Control

Big thanks to Vee for helping with editing and providing some kind words to keep me motivated to write.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My pocket buzzed, notifying me a text message waiting on me.

Really life? Already? You can't give me ten minutes to myself?

I heaved myself off of my bed, wiping a light sheen of sweat off my brow as I fished my phone out of my pocket. I had only just finished moving back into my parents house for the summer. They were currently on a wine tasting tour through Spain so I had the place all to myself.

Brie: Heard you were in town.

As I was thinking about how to respond my phone buzzed again.

Brie: Lunch. 12:30 Cornerside Bistro

I shook my head at her domineering attitude. She had done it for as long as I had known her and it had never bother me.

Okay... It rarely bothers me. Heck, it's probably the reason we became friends.

We had met when she had defended me from a group of bullies in the fourth grade. I can still remember her towering over my spindly prone form, blue shirt dirty with messy brown streaks from the gravel. She was the tallest person in our grade at that time and the trio had fled before her justice. Ever since then she had been our twosome's fearless leader and we'd been inseparable until we had gone different colleges last fall. Her forceful, decisive personality was nothing new, and I'd always had a predilection to defer to the people around me when choices were being made. I'd always been pleased making others around me happy, finding joy in interpersonal harmony.

Me: K

My usual eloquent self.

That was how I found myself staring down an empty class of ice water, beads of moisture dripping down it's plastic sides, running into the lines of my hand.

Figures, she always did have a... questionable relationship with clocks.

I was startled when a pair of milk chocolate arms wrapped around my shoulders from behind.

"Got you," Brie chortled in my ear as she withdrew, allowing me to stand. Our relative heights had changed greatly since fourth grade as I stood a good six inches above her more diminutive five foot six or so stature.

"It's good to see you," I said honestly. She wrapped her arms in my torso as she buried her face in my chest.

"Still a skinny stick I see."

"Yeah you're one to talk, beach balls," I shot back.

"Just let me have this one," she said, unusually vulnerable. We stood there like that her hands holding me tightly to her as my hands rested comfortably around her, gently patting her back.

Someone coughed behind us and Brie reluctantly allowed me to pull her hands off me. We sat down, ignoring the menus in favor of our usuals, paying no attention to our embarassed, red faced waitress. Brie ordered for the both of us, a reuben for me and a turkey with melted swiss for her.

"So tell me, you been up to anyone interesting?" I was stunned a little as I untangled her wordplay.

"Nope, no one special for me. How about you? Found any special ladies that lit your fire?" I asked, letting the oddly emotional moment pass without comment.

"A dabble here and there. But no, no one has been able to match my unique brilliance and, as you know, I can be pretty particular about relationships."

"People normally call that high maintenance."

"You're just so passive. You know it's not reasonable to expect a woman to just walk up to you and offer you a date. Especially when you have such, particular, preferences," she said, needling me. Unfortunately, I couldn't help the blush that spread across my cheeks as her shot landed true. Once again, I semi regretted telling Brie my kink of enjoying futanari, or hermaphroditic, pornography.

It was hard to completely regret it as I recalled how vulnerable she'd been when she came out to me. Tears staining her normally stoic cheeks as she had confessed to being a lesbian, something I had long suspected. Somehow, in my mind at least, I needed to show her that she wasn't a freak and I wouldn't treat her any differently. That led to my own confession of my fantasies. Most times she left it alone. However, on occasion, when she was feeling particularly feisty she would ask me what it was about a chick with a dick, that attracted me, just to get a rise. I would get embarrassed, and I couldn't really put it into words, so I'd get flustered and she would laugh and move on to a different topic. Sometimes she would even joke about our mutual appreciation of breasts. Poking my flat chest and lamenting that we each didn't have a pair to play with.

"Have you ever thought about what it would be like as a woman?" Brie asked, jolting me out of my remembrance.

"What?" I said, trying to figure out what exactly she was asking about.

"A woman. Have you ever thought what it would be like as a woman? Do you think you'd like it?" She played with the napkin as the question hung heavy in the air.

Now, to an outside observer this might seem a little strange question to be dropping out of nowhere, but Brie and I did this all the time. Hell, we once had a three hour discussion on whether or not the entirety of the male population would perform auto-fellatio if possible. And if they could self suck how many people would be willing to admit that they did it.

Anyway... back to the currently unanswered question floating around.

I thought about it for a minute.

"I mean, I guess I've mused about it before. Who doesn't wonder what the other side experiences under the covers. Also, I've always thought it would be cool to have a pair of breasts to mess around with. As far as liking it... I don't know. I think it would be an alien enough experience that I don't have the frame of reference necessary to fully imagine it. What about you? Ever considered what it would be like to have a nice thick hunk of meat between your legs?" I said, jokingly.

"Of course. I bet you've fantasized about me having a prick and a nice pair of balls when you're playing with yourself at night," she said without a hint of shame.

"Ewww, cock yes. Gross testes, no thank you." I wrinkled my face at the thought and then smiled, comforted by the ease at which we slipped back into our familiar banter, as if the last eight months hadn't happened. She caught the look on my face and we both burst out into simultaneous laughter.

"I'm glad I can help you work out any frustrations you have."

"So how's it going with your new fangled college and... What was it you were studying again? Experimental chemistry?"

"Alternative chemistry. It's been challenging but extremely rewarding. I even achieved top marks on my year long project."

"What was the project?" She looked at me slyly before taking bite of her sandwich. Her eyes remained locked on mine as she took her time slowly chewing before swallowing.

"It's a secret." I groaned, and hung my head. A smirk worked it's way over my face, her playful antics still able to bring a smile to my face, even as they frustrated. "Maybe I'll show you sometime if you're nice to me."

I didn't respond and we lapsed into a comfortable silence as we consumed our respective sandwiches and chips. I guess we didn't stick to our own chips. I stuck my own chips, she was a little more liberal with her categorization of what counted as her chips.

I swatted her hand around the fifth chip and she gave me that glare that had me wilting meekly into my seat. Lips curling in victory she popped the stolen chip in her mouth.

Damn, she can be scary when she wants to.

Most of the time that fierceness worked to my benefit as she acted as a crusader for my causes, vocally badgering people until they succumbed to her indomitable will. I was one of the few to know that the fierceness was a mask that hid a center that deeply cared.

Maybe too deeply. I thought, as I was the primary beneficiary of her attention, being her best friend and confidant.

Also primary target and whipping post.

As I occasionally did in Brie's presence, I found myself drifting back to that day, myself in the dirt with this mountain giant with dark skin acted as a shining beacon of light.

She's a paladin, like in those fantasy novels I read, out to serve the cause of justice and righteousness. 

As the bullies fled before her she turned back to me and offered me her hand.

"They're jerks. If they bother you again just come get me. My name's Brie." She hoisted me to my feet and started dusting off my clothes. I was shocked by her niceness and the tears that I had managed to hold back spilled forth. Running in soppy rivers down my face. She pulled me into the first of what would become commonplace hugs, holding me tightly as the tears soaked into her shirt.

"Brianna is everything okay?" one of the teachers asked across the playground.

"Yeah Ms. Splichel. Everything's good," she bellowed back. Ms. Splichel went back to reading the tattered paperback in her lap. Quieter, Brie asked me, "Everything's good, right?" laying her chin on my head. Currently unable to speak, I nodded into her chest.

Eventually my crying stopped and I tried to pull back dismayed at the dirty mess I'd made of her shirt. She kept holding me close and the scared sadness faded entirely as her warmth sunk into my bones, comfortable and soothing. She didn't say anything and we stood there uncaring as the sounds of children playing rang out around us. Eventually her strong arms relaxed and I pulled back from her and wiped the grit from my eyes.

"Stephen. Earth to Stephen. There you are. What were you thinking about?"

"I was just thinking back to when we met and how little you've changed."

"You're one to talk, still the same dorky kid as ever."

"I've changed," I protested.

"Oh, yeah? How?"

I thought about it for a second.

"I've gotten taller," I said confidently.

"Yeah and I've gotten wider," she returned. She paused in consideration of something, her easy smile faded from her face as she became unusually serious.

"Do you trust me?"

"Yes. With anything," I replied instantly. "This isn't where you ask me to hide a body or rob a bank or something, right?"

"No, nothing like that. Although, funny you should mention bank robberies. Last month there was a foiled bank robbery on campus. It was the craziest thing. There was this dude with a mask that showed up and took down the robbers, batman style. Nobody, took credit for the save, and the police were never able to identify him. It's totally a campus wide mystery." There was a moment of silence as she munched on another chip. "Speaking of mysteries, I have a tincture that I want you to try, same deal as always."

Ugghh. I had hoped that she had grown out of this phase.

During our junior year of highschool, she had discovered this giant yellowing tome at a garage sale. At first she had thought it was a joke, like I had, but she still fooled around with the strange recipes that were a strange combination of cooking and chemistry. I played the role of unfortunate taste tester for her foul tasting pseudo smoothies.

"Nice segway Shakespeare, I'm glad my neck is strong enough to handle your conversational left turns. Also, ughhh, really?" I whined. "Can I have Lucy take over? She always seems to appreciate your efforts." Lucy was my happy go lucky yellow labrador that more often than not finished off Brie's experiments whenever I managed to slip it to her.

"Quit your whining. I've gotten much better. I've fixed the problem that was making it taste like undercooked tree bark."

"Does it now taste of perfectly cooked tree bark? The most succulent tree bark ever served in a five star restaurant."

The appearance of our waitress interrupted my rant.

"One check or two?"

"One," both Brie and I answered at the same time. I could see by the set of her jaw that she wouldn't let it go without a fight.

"Stephen..."

"Brie," I cut her off, "I'm not going to argue with you over this. We've had this conversation before and I'm not backing down. Let's make a deal, you let me get the check and I will drink your vile swill without complaint, kay?" She nodded, seemingly surprised by my outburst.

"You've stood up for me so many times in my life, the least you can do is let me take care of you in this small way," I softly.

Brie grumbled but said nothing more, acquiescing to my request. As I took care of the check, I wondered at her stubborn pride.

She came from a middle class family and money had always been tight for her, especially after her grandma got sick. My family had great fortune of having a sizeable amount of wealth. My great grandpa had made intelligent land investments that had been cashed in for an exorbitant amount of money. My parents and I weren't wasteful with the money, by any means, but any reasonable desire was provided.

One of the few times I had stood up to Brie was after she had finally confided to me her monetary concerns. We had gone out for lunch and she had ordered for me as she normally did. When the check had arrived my hand had beat hers to it and she looked up at me in surprise her brows furrowing.

"I'll get it," she said as she tried to pry it from my grasp.

"No," I said, my blood growing hot.

"Let it go." The fire in her eyes matched my own.

"No, I'll get it."

"Let it go," her jaw clenched as she spat the words out around her teeth.

"Please, Brie. Just let me have this," I pleaded angry tears in my eyes as I looked away, unable to stand her stare.

She relented but it had become a rare point of contention between us.

I cracked my knuckles and stretched my shoulders as we stood up to leave.

"Okay, where we doing this, my place or yours?" Brie startled for a second like I'd caught her doing something wrong.

"Now?""Sure. Why not? If we do it now then I'll have plenty of time to wash my mouth out with soap before dinner."

"I was hoping we could do it tomorrow? I have to go see Nana tonight and I wanted to be there in case something happens."

"I would prefer we do it tonight, I have tomorrow penciled in as a pajama day and if I move more than two hundred feet, I'll consider it a failure."

"You always did like our lazy afternoons on that hilltop, playing around with your water colors."

"I didn't hear you complaining, especially after you found that old book to stick your nose into."

Those were some of my favorite memories of highschool, lying on a blanket on that hill, me with my notebook and water colors, her with her book. The sun seemed to warm me from the inside, making me want to curl up on the blanket and take a nap. Sometimes, Brie actually would nod off, book open on her lap and I would take the time to capture her visage on paper, safe from her wrath. She has this thing about being photographed or drawn, it's not really a phobia as much as it is an intense dislike that had her taking my drawings and ripping them up whenever she found them. I didn't mind, I drew for the act of it, not the end result, and most of my drawings ended up in the trash regardless. It kind of became a game between us, I would draw her when I could and hide them from her, she in turn would become suspicious and root out the drawings.

One might think to oneself, Stephen, you fool you're obviously in love with Brie, didn't you ever muster your courage and approach her? If one did, one would have deeply misconstrued the nature of my relationship with her. Brie was my protector, enforcer, confidant, and tormentor all rolled up into a little fiery package of curves and attitude. She was so much more than a love interest to me that I never seriously considered the notion of broaching the subject. You wouldn't ask out your right arm would you? That's how incredibly close she was to me.

Besides, she was a lesbian, and I respected her too deeply to ignore that aspect of her. I had seen guys ask her out before, even knowing she was a lesbian, and I had felt they were insulting her. Basically saying, "Don't worry babe you don't know what you're missing, give me a chance and I'll show you." Insert lascivious smirk here. And I loved her far too much to do that to her.

Eventually she decided that I'd try her potion at home and off we went. As I unlocked my door I heard the scrabble of claws on my wood floor and a low pitched bark coming from a mouth that had seen better days. The old girl may be getting on in years but she still managed to hoist herself up to greet me, her tail now sagging but still wagged behind her doggedly. Ruffling Lucy's ears I dodged around her attempts to lick my shorts. Brie shut the door behind her and kneeled down to let my lovable furball drench her face in excited licks.

"So what is this, 'tincture', supposed to do to me?" Brie froze, pausing a moment before continuing to pet my dog, not looking at me.

"It should, if it works right, change a person's gender. If that person happens to be male. I'm not sure what it would do to females."

"Well shit. That's a far cry from changing my eye color. What did that one due to me? Turn my tongue blue or something?"

"Purple," she replied grudgingly. I snapped my fingers.

"Knew it was something like that. And that one was the closest you came to having success."

"This time it's different, I've taken a lot of time with this one. Hours and hours. You've no idea how much work I've poured into this, the hours and the weekends," she trailed off, her voice going subaudible. After a brief internal pep talk, she came to a decision and pulled the flap on her ragged leather messenger bag she had covered in cartoon patches of poisonous symbols, skulls, and bubbling beakers. She pulled out a golden yellow vial, it was remarkably clear and seemed to sparkle in the light as she held it for me to take.

"Wow. That certainly looks different," I holding it up to examine. Her previous attempts had tended toward the various shades of brown color pallette.

"Drink it," she commanded, not harshly, but with a tone that brooked no argument. Sensing that this was important to her I quickly pulled the stopper on the vial and tossed it by like tossing back a shot. Which I've totally never done because I'm underage...

The liquid splashed down the back of my throat and the smell of flowers filled my nose. Swirling around the little liquid that landed on my tongue had me puckering up my face. It was unbelievably, overwhelmingly sweet, like dozens of jars of honey had been distilled into their purest essence. I coughed and stuck my tongue out as I sought some relief from the overpowering taste. Shortly the sweetness mellowed and I smacked my lips the aftertaste dancing across my mouth like dozens of buzzing little bees. Brie watched me closely, her brown eyes darting across my face, her scientific mind cataloging all of my reactions.

"So?"

"It's definitely different than your usual fare. It hits with a kick but after it mellows it's amazing. Overall I would rate it an eight out of ten."

"Do you feel anything...strange?" she asked hesitantly.

"No... wait a second..." I said as a my gut started to churn strangely. I swallowed around bile as my stomach twisted and tried to crawl out my throat. Laying my hand on my belly I could feel a bubble start to crawl out my throat. Brie looked a little scared as she hurried closer to me; although her eyes showed a strange eagerness. The orb reached my throat and the loudest, raunchiest belch I have ever had clawed it's way out my throat. I was a little disappointed that Brie's ponytail didn't fly out behind her like a streamer in the force of my vocal flatulence. The incredulous expression on her face had me burst out laughing.
