 The Crossing

Allied Airlines flight 9225 had been a long flight, but Erin O'Keefe didn't care. She was with the two most important people in her life -- her mom and Brad, the man she was marrying. They were halfway through an all-night flight from New York City to Los Angles, California. In LA, they would board a connecting flight to Maui. Then, once in Hawaii they would be married and she would live happily ever-after as the story goes. She smiled to herself for the millionth time that day and she still couldn't believe that within 48-hours, she would be Mrs. Brad Goldsmith.

She always loved flying, but could never sleep on airplanes -- not even in the plush flight class seat she was occupying. She glanced to her left and right, both her mom and Brad were sound asleep. The lights were out in the cabin and except for a rowdy group of college band members and the usual crying babies, it had been uneventful. She glanced down at the paperback romance novel resting in her lap and stifled a yawn. She took out the compact from her purse and checked her hair and make-up again. She brushed a lock of sandy blond hair, which she wore short from her green eyes. She puckered her lips and then checked her smile in the mirror. Not movie star lips, but she guessed they would have to do.

As a department store manager, she always attired herself professionally, in skirt and heels. Sadly, she thought, her figure didn't quite match her 5'11" height. Here mom described her as "sporty," but at 54 she didn't feel that way. She had a small bust. Secretly, only she knew one breast was smaller than the other and she wore a prosthetic to help even the keel. Being the daughter of a US Navy Captain, in high school other students teased her by dubbing her "Queen of the Flattops." Young people -- especially girls -- can be so cruel. The lower half of her figured similarly suffered. Although she looked nice in skit and heels, she didn't quite have the caboose she desired. She had long legs and worked out regularly to stay in shape, but they too weren't well-muscled and glamour model sexy. Still, she thought she looked nice now in the khaki capris and short-sleeved floral blouse she wore.

All of that didn't matter though because she had Brad and he was all hers! An older man nearing 60 (for some reason she had a thing about older men), Brad had thick salt and pepper black hair and well-chiseled features. He was very kind to her and always acted the gentleman. 

"Are you having trouble sleeping," asked a flight attendant quietly, intruding on her thoughts. Erin looked-up to see the pretty, First Class Attendant with the nametag Dana on her Jacket.

"I'm fine," said Erin quietly. "I'm just having some trouble falling asleep. Could I trouble you for a glass of white wine?" Thinking that would help her relax enough to sleep.

Dana smiled cheerfully and agreed to be right back with glass. She turned and walked back to the galley to fulfill the request.

- - - -

Dana Erickson couldn't wait to get back on the ground in Los Angeles. It had been a long and crazy flight. All she wanted to do was get home, see her son and soak in the tub with two-fingers of Jack Daniels on ice. The life of a single mom! She worked hard to pay the bills and provide a life for her and Jase, her 18-year-old son. Although she had friends among the Allied Airlines family, none were close. Several men (mostly pilots) had made offers and seemed to show an interest in her, but she never sealed the deal. Fraternization wasn't specifically frowned upon, she just didn't think it was appropriate. As she reached the First-Class Galley and opened the door to the wine and Liquor cabinet, she sighed to herself and thought, "It'll just be me, Jack Daniels and my little battery operated boyfriend. again tonight." Which was usually the way she liked things.

The wide-body European aircraft was not cattle car full, but the needs of the passengers had kept her and the other attendants very busy. If it wasn't the usual unhappy and cranky baby, it was the college students displaying many of the negative character traits of today's culture. At one point, Beth the Main Cabin attendant had caught two of them trying to sneak into one of the lavatories to join the mile-high club. Crazy kids! To top things off, there had been a delay leaving La Guardia, which never improved the mood of the passengers. She knew she was supposed to easily be able to deal with confrontational passengers, but she didn't handle these types of situations very well. They made her feel very uncomfortable and insecure.

When she returned with the glass of wine for the nice lady in 5-B, she saw that the man sitting next to her was awake and they were quietly chatting. She put on her best 'it's all about the customers smile', sat the drink on the tray table that had been extended and said, "Here you go. Let me know if you need anything else." The passenger thanked her and the gentleman sitting next to her gave her a friendly wink, as she turned to leave.

- - - -

Erin thought the wine tasted wonderful. She wasn't an aficionado, but she enjoyed the odd glass of white, red or rose' from time-to-time. She had offered some to Brad, but he turned her down saying airlines wine always tasted like dishwater. He said that when they got to Hawaii, he would buy them the best wine she ever tasted, on their honeymoon. 

"I can't wait to get on the ground," said Brad. "I would love to be able to walk around and enjoy some fresh air."

Taking a small sip from the glass of wine, Erin said quietly, "Oh Brad! Behave yourself. We'll be fine. It's only a few more hours. I think we're somewhere over the Midwest." 

"I'd rather be in Hawaii with you, my dear," Brad said, whispering in her ear. He let his hand move from the armrest to her lap under the tray table. He slid his hand up her inner thigh to the space between her legs, stroking her crotch with his fingertips.

Erin slapped at his hand playfully and told him quietly he should stop, as she squirmed in her seat. She wasn't a prude, but they were sitting next to her mother. In the year since they had begun dating, they had progressed to second base. In their time, together they had kissed passionately, caressed each other through clothing and once (after she had too much to drink) Erin had unbuttoned her blouse to let Brad fondle her bra covered upper anatomy. She had seen men near naked in magazines and movies, but had never consummated an intimate relationship. She had always wanted to save herself for marriage, as her mother had for her father. She looked forward to being able to fully share herself with Brad and spend the rest of her life with him.

Erin's squirm and a slight bump the plane experienced in flight, woke Mrs. O'Keefe. "What was that?" She asked looking slightly startled, as the chime sounded and the fasten seatbelt sign illuminated.

"Martha, I think everything will be fine," said Brad, leaning forward to look around Erin and adding, "We just hit a rough patch." Just then the aircraft shuddered a second time, a little more violently.

Dana the flight attendant was coming down the aisle visually checking that everyone was buckled, when the plane lurched so violently she was lifted vertically and crashed her head into the overhead. She landed in the aisle stunned, as several people let out screams. The captain's voice came over the intercom trying to calm everyone, as the plane began to tilt forward into a nosedive. Dana tried to get back to her feet, but tumbled forward into the First-Class Galley and was then slammed violently into the heavy metal door to the flight deck. She was knocked unconscious and suffered a skull fracture. Mrs. O'Keefe began to wail as she flailed trying to reach for Erin. One moment they were heading toward paradise and now they were in the middle of calamity. Before everything went completely white, Brad, ashen-faced and gripping his armrests was screaming over and over, "On God, this can't be happening! We're going to die! Forgive me! Forgive me!"

- - - -

Allied Airlines flight 9225, an Airbus 340-500 with 300 passengers and crew crashed high in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. No one survived ... or so it seemed.