 Arrival

Erin didn't know where she was. One moment the world was being violently shaken apart, the next she was falling through absolute whiteness. It didn't feel like she landed on anything, but suddenly she just stopped falling. Her head was swimming and her vision was blurred, as everything was out of focus and she couldn't keep her balance. She wondered to herself -- am I in heaven? She tried to speak, but her vocal chords were frozen. She then noticed blue shapes come toward her in the blinding light. Two sets of strong hands took her by the arms and led her forward. She staggered as she tried to walk with them.

As her head slowly cleared, she could hear the voices of others around her and what sounded like mechanical commands being spoken over an electronic sound system. "Bring her forward. Bring her forward." A male voice one her left said. While from overhead a female voice calmly stated, "Acquisition complete. All candidates have arrived. All stations commence processing."

"Processing," Erin thought. "What the hell does that mean?" 

As if in answer a myriad of sounds around her began. The sound of something buzzing. Something that sounded like the tire pressure system at the service station she used repeated around her along with many others. The hands held her firmly as other hands grabbed her by her legs and she felt something like scissors being slid into the cuff of her capris. Whatever was being used began to buzz and vibrate against her calves as they moved drawn us the back of her legs. "Oh, my God," her brain was screaming, "I'm being stripped!"

She felt the clippers cut cleanly through the khaki material of her pants and the two met at the cleft of her butt. The felt her pants fall away and the elastic band of her pantie separate, revealing pale skin and a tuft of brownish-blonde pubic hair. One clipper moved easily up along her spine, cutting through her blouse and bra strap. Embarrassment flowed through her, as she felt the prosthetic cup insert drop away from her chest, bounce off one of her feet and roll away. 

Erin heard a female voice laugh and say, "This one definitely needs a little help. Hey guys, where is the nasal insert? She's ready for it." 

The hands holding her arms switched position to allow the two halves of her upper clothing to fall away. At the same time, she felt something being shoved up her nose, causing her extreme pain and vision to be further blinded by tears. Before she could jerk her head back, she heard a loud 'CRACK" and it felt like her head exploded. In a flash images began streak around her, much like trying to watch her satellite television system during a winter storm and pixelating in and out. Blue figures, a large open room filled with people and machinery and sitting on a cool metal surface.

The hands that were holding her guided her to sit fully on the chair and she heard the metallic clicks of restraints snap into place around her wrists, ankles, thighs and head. As her vision stabilized and the pain receded from her head, she saw the figures around her were blue people that were all naked, save for belts they wore around their waists. Except for thin silver eyebrows they were completely bald and hairless. "Wow," Erin thought," Heaven is occupied by Smurfs and sexy Smurfs at that!" All of them -- male and female seemed to be in very good shape by their appearance and well-endowed to varying degrees. 

One of the well-built male Smurfs called to a lovely looking female, "Manager, she's hooked-up and is sending telemetry upstairs."

The Manager acknowledged him, "Very good, John. I'm waiting the hear from the Caretaker." She put a blue hand to her ear as if she had some type of communications device, like an ear bud. "Affirmative, Central. Roger that." As a flurry of activity continued around them the Manager turned to John and said, "We've earned our bonus for the day people! It seems we have a very special catch here. Prep her for transformation."

Erin couldn't comprehend the meaning of anything she said, especially the last part. The Manager said, "Ten years on the line and this is my first Prize, pretty fucking amazing." She turned to Erin and smiled, "You'll be okay, honey. We'll take good care of you."

Just then the chair began to vibrate, like one of those massage seats salespeople were always selling at the mall. A soft humming noise started. If felt like the chair was getting warmer. Worst of all something in the seal began to rise, pushing up against her bottom. Erin's eyes went wide and she opened her mouth in a silent scream as a probe penetrated her anus and slid deep inside of her. As she blacked-out she realized this wasn't heaven at all. It was Hell and Smurfs ruled it.

- - - -

Besides the games, Athurius always enjoyed spending time in the Welcoming Center, overseeing new arrivals. The human form never ceased to amaze him. "Such variety," he thought and pleasantly smiled. As he looked through the glass panel, below on the floor of the massive processing center, Thralls busily moved about. At the reception area, humans were brought through the arrival portal and were escorted to stations where they were processed.

As he watched, he pondered that many of these arrivals would serve their needs, like the Thralls now processing them. Others would be trained to entertain the quadrant in the games, as Hoplites. Few had the latent ability to be ...

"Caretaker," someone called out behind him, a female. "I think you'll want to see this." 

Athurius turned and quietly walked through the busy control center to the desk of the female in question. He was nearly seven-feet tall. Slim, yet broad at the shoulders and strong. He wore a long, flowing robe. Generally, he disliked clothing of any kind; however, he also knew that the anatomy of the Caretakers could sometime distract those serving him. He approached the pretty female as she stood from her desk, smiling friendly. "Yes, Janice. What news do you have concerning our new arrivals?"

Janice was of medium height. Although it was hard to tell her precise age, she had a beautiful figure. Arthurius came to her side and put a hand around her waist. Janice smiled, looking up into her master's face and said, "We have 250 new arrivals." She continued, "The really good news is several of them are prizes, I mean potential prizes." I have the numbers right here. She touched several small panels of light on the desk before her and picket up a slim panel and gave it to Arthurius.

The Caretaker took the panel with his free hand and he examined the data that Janice had provided. The hand that had been around her waist slid down to her hip and then down further, stopping at the left buttocks, where he gently patted and rubbed it. He then let a deft finger slide between the firm globes of blue flesh and began to massage her tail bone. The lovely female smiled at him and moved closer to him as he examined the data panel. Janice was correct several of their new arrivals had displayed high levels of potential, especially one female, named Erin O'Keefe. The Caretaker handed the panel back to Janice and leaned down to kiss the crown of her smooth, bald head. "Manager, you and your team have done very well." He said that loud enough so the entire area could hear. He leaned close to her ear and then said, "You deserve a special reward for your service. Please come to my quarters this evening."

Janice beamed and said, "Yes Caretake," and bowed slightly. "Thank you!" she gushed.

As Athurius walked toward the exit he marveled to himself, "Even to this day humans still excited him greatly."

- - - -

Erin didn't know how long she was unconscious. When she opened her eyes she saw that she was in a square-shaped room. There seemed to be a door in the middle of one wall with an illuminated panel next to it. The lighting was very low and the only other illumination she saw was the warm panel of light she was laying on. See looked over the edge and saw that she was hovering above the ground. She exclaimed, "Holy shit." Not realizing she could hear her own voice again. She instinctively put her right hand to her mouth, realizing she had spoken the expletive. She then saw that her hand was blue. She sat up on the panel of light and held both hands up -- both were the same hue of azure. On her right forearm was a golden metallic bracelet of some kind. Peering closer at it, she could see no separation between the metal and her skin. It was as if it was part of her arm. Realizing she was completely naked, she peered down to see two large, firm mounds of blue flesh, tipped with large round, slightly swollen nipples. A darker blue than the rest of her body.

She swung her legs over the edge of her bed of light and placed her bare blue feet on the cool metal floor and stood. She looked down at herself. Her blue feet were connected to long and lovely blue legs. She followed the legs up to very shapely hips. She admired her arms they were also firm and smooth. She put her hands on her hips and traced them across her firm and flat tummy. It was then she noticed a lock of bluish silver hair hanging down in her face. It was longer on the right and rose at an angle to the left. She reached her hands up and found that her hair was cropped very short on the side and back and was longer on top, which flowed into the bangs above her face.

She noticed she was casting a slight reflection in the low light and stepped closer to the buffed metal surface of the wall, to see herself. She looked like a cross between a Victoria Secret lingerie model and Smurfette. She reached up to cup her breasts. They were ample and firm. As she traced a finger around the areolas and her nipples immediately tightened, sending a sweet shiver through her body. She slid her hands down the front of her body and notice her belly button was missing. In its place was a four-inch flap of skin. "What the hell is that!" she thought. Below that her hands traced to her vulva. The skin was completely smooth to the touch. Her labia was very sensitive as she ran her finger from the clitoris, to down between her legs.

She turned to admire her profile in the reflection on the wall and her eyes were again drawn to her bust. She cupped her ample bosom and estimated they had to be at least double D in proportion. She bounced on her heels and smiled and watched her boobs playfully jiggle in her reflection. Her eyes followed down her profile until she saw her butt. All she could do was exclaim, "Damn. Kim K. has nothing on that ass!" She patted her firm gluts with the palms of her hands and enjoyed the sensual slapping sound that the action had produced. 

Three questions suddenly dawned on her - #1 -- How did she wind-up in someone else's body -- one that was blue no less? #2 -- Where in the hell was she? And #3 -- Where were Mom and brad right now? Hopefully they survived as well. As she began walking to the right around the room to what was obviously a door of some kind, she heard muffled sounds of pleasure coming from the other side of the wall. Whoever was on the other side was having a very pleasurable experienced of lovemaking by the sound of it. Knowing she was probably being a real party pooper, she knocked on the wall and said, "Hello is anyone there?"

She walked to what she thought was the door and started pushing buttons on panel next to it. Audible announcements accompanied each push. "Holographic system is locked." "Thermostat is set at 72-degrees." She continued pushing until she finally heard, "The door is locked."

"YES!" she exclaimed, as she pushed the button again to unlock the entry. Sadly, the voice never said, "The door is unlocked." She turned to walk away when she heard a swishing sound behind her and a silky female voice say, "Dubra utra."

Erin turned and her hands immediately went to cover her nudity. She saw a woman like her -- blue and everything, but not as tall and just as naked standing in the now open doorway. Her long bluish-silver hair was slightly disheveled and her skin glistened with sweat. She had a translucent reddish-purple veil draped over one shoulder. There was a room on the other side of the door and a very muscular and grim-faced naked blue man, who was also completely hairless walked by. Erin tried to cover her eyes when she saw his manhood on display for all to see. She heard him say in a voice tinted with a thick Irish accent, "I'm showering and heading to the barracks. 'Bye love."

The woman turned her head and responded, "Paka, lyubovnik,"and blew the man a kiss. She turned and said to Erin in Russian accented English, "I'm sorry. I said 'good morning'. How are you feeling?" She motioned her to come to the door and said, "Please, come out."

Erin walked forward with her hands still trying to conceal her ample breasts and her bare lower anatomy. The Russian stepped back to make way for her. Erin passed through the door into a larger circular room. As she stepped past the beautiful Russian, she caught the scent of honey in the air and it had a comforting effect on her. She relaxed and allowed her hands to drop to her sides. In the middle of the room, Erin noticed several illuminated light panel tables and chairs, all hovering with no visible means of support just like her bed.

Erin looked at the Russian and said, "Sorry about disturbing you. It sonded like you two were really enjoying yourselves."

The Russian pleasantly smiled and said, "No problem." She brushed her hair away from her light blue eyes and Erin noticed a shining red gem in her forehead above her eyes.

She held out her blue right hand and said, "I am Svetlana Kuznetsov."

Erin accepted the accepted the hand with her own and lightly shook it. When she said, "Hello, I'm Erin O'Keefe," she noticed Svetlana arched a silver eyebrow.

Svetlana motioned for them so sit at a table and said, "You have many questions, I know. All will be answered." They took seats at the table and Erin noticed the scent of honey lingered pleasantly in the air. Svetlana pushed a button of light on the table and a small portal opened. Rising into view came a plate with several small reddish-brown cubes. As the plate became level with the table, the opening below it closed again. Svetlana took one and popped it into her mouth, chewed and swallowed it. "These are protein cubes, she said. "Try one, they are actually very good."

Erin took one and looked at it. It was less than an inch on all sides. She held it to her nose and took a sniff. It did smell good. She put it to her lips and took a nibble. All the tastes of a complete meal hit her taste buds. As she popped it into her mouth, she said, "Wow! That is very good." 

Svetlana smiled warmly and said, "You are taking your first steps into a whole new and wonderful world. We can't stay here for long, because we have a very busy schedule. You have many things to see, today. Enjoy your meal. We will need to leave soon. I'm going to freshen up. When I return, we will leave."

Svetlana smiled and left the table. She walked in the same direction the man did. She touched a panel next to one of the doors Erin now saw. It opened and the Russian stepped through. Obviously, that was the bathroom Erin thought as she munched on another protein cube. It didn't take much to put two and two together, when someone said they were going to 'freshen up.' 

She found that it didn't take very many cubes to satisfy her hunger and by the time she was finished, the door opened and Svetlana walked back into the room. She looked amazing and her long her was now braided in an intricate design. Her elbows were bent and the filmy drape wrapped around her back and over her forearms. She smiled warmly and said, "Did you enjoy your meal?"

Erin said that she did and stood from the table. Svetlana walked across the room to join Erin and led her to another door. This one led outside. As it opened it and motioned for Erin to go first, she said, "I can only imagine the number of questions you have." They walked only a few steps until they came to a second door. Svetlana turned to her, as she depressed the button to activate this portal she said, "Perhaps you could answer a question for me."

Erin was amazed that someone would want to know ANYTHING from her at this point. As the door opened she intended to say, "What would you like to know." But was only able to say, What ...," as the sight she beheld left her speechless. It was an amazing sight. 

If Manhattan were set in the time of Star Trek, she thought this is what it would look like. From their location, it look appeared as if they had stepped out onto Central Park. Tall trees and lush green spaces were laid out over a vast expanse. Skyscrapers of various sizes reached to the sky. Above them aircraft and other craft -- from small to huge -- flew through the sky. The daytime of the futuristic city was vibrant and bright. The colors were extremely vibrant, yet not painfully so. Every hue seemed to come alive in the light of this new world. The sky itself was blue with a slight pinkish tint and was bisected by a broad glowing set of rings. 

Aliens of all shapes and sizes occupied this world. Most were blue-skinned men and women similar to Svetlana and herself. This park was alive with activity. Many had belts of the gold material that wreathed her forearm, around their waist. Others who seemed very fit by the appearance of their well-muscled bodies wore harnesses that crossed their upper torso. Few appeared to be like her with hair in varying styles and the bracelet on their arms. Like her all were naked.

Here and there were couples -- men and women, men and men or women and women, even threesomes of these combinations were enjoying a variety of sex. They were doing so without a care in the world as to where they were or if anyone saw them. Even Svetlana didn't seem to care. 

When she able to form words again she said, "Where are we?" Then then realized she had been asked a question and felt like she may have offended Svetlana. "I'm sorry," she said and continued, "You wanted me to help you and answer a question."

"Yes. Where is Kansas," she asked with her heavy Russian accent. "Almost everyone when they crossover and see this sight says, "We're not in Kansas anymore. I was just wondering, where is Kansas?"