 Dana had been flabbergasted at what she just saw. It was going to take her some time to process everything she had seen and heard. She realized she did feel a little lighter on her feet here. Blue wasn't necessarily here favorite color, but she had to admit she had a killer body and she hadn't felt this good in practically forever. She passed a group of three people embracing, one of which sounded like she was crying. The thought struck her that she would never see her son, Jase ever again. She gritted her teeth and choked back some tears of her own. She got into one of the many lines that were forming. For those who were talking, the main topic was whet just occurred. No one seemed to be talking in her line. That was A-Okay with her.

As she approached the front of the line, Dana watched to learn how the process occurred for finding out about their new lives. People would touch the palm of their hand to the panel. The panel would them illuminate and there would be a before and after picture and text below, which many people read out loud. After this they would walk away in small groups or individually, to find someone to help point them in the right place to go.

When it was her turn, she put her hand on the panel and when her information sprang to life on the screen, she heard a voice she recognized behind her say out loud, "Oh my God! Dana, I didn't recognize you."

Dana recognized the voice as Bethany Richards, one of her flight attendants she had worked with at Allied for about 10-years. Bethany had been kind of chunky and had skipped from one diet to another to shed pounds. They had struck-up a friendship, as they were both divorcees and Dana got her involved at the martial arts academy she attended. They took some classes together and on occasion tested together as well. Being more 'experienced' than the younger students, they both a had a harder time with the various punches and kicks; however, they didn't mind. It was a way they could hang out with each other outside of work. 

"Obviously, Eden had cured Beth's weight problem," thought Dana. Like her and everyone else, she was slim, fit and quite sexy. 

Dana and Beth looked at the screen. Under the before and after pictures (Dana couldn't believe the makeover that had occurred), it said, "Dana Erickson; House Athurius Hoplites - First Cohort. Dana said, "What's a Hoplite?"

Beth replied, "I don't know? I'm excited to find out what fun stuff I get to do!"

Beth touched the panel's reset button and the palm of her right hand on the panel. Instantly, her information appeared. Beth joked, "Wow! Don't I look good." Under her photos it said, "Bethany Richards, House Athurius Hoplites - First Cohort."

Beth gushed, "Oh look, we're going to work together," pointing at the screen.

Beth beamed and she reached with both arms and hugged Dana. Behind them other new arrivals chided them saying, "Hey, move along you two," and, "Go find a room." 

They put an arm around each others slim waist and walked away smiling. They walked back out into the inviting daylight to see many people that wore gold belts around their waiting. They all held data pads of some kind. The new arrivals would approach them to find out where they needed to go.

The ladies walked up to a quite young man and Beth introduced them like she was meeting someone new at a local night club. "Hi I'm Bethany and this is my friend Dana," she began, "We're Hoplites. Can you tell us where we need to go?"

The young man (boy Dana thought) was a little shorter than her and Beth. He was slim, with very light blue eyes. The thought passed her mind that if she wanted to rob a cradle, this kid would be a prime candidate! He introduced himself as Christian Bjornson with a crisp Scandinavian accent. The he said, "You're Hoplites. Wow! I've never met any in person."

This made Dana think they were celebrities, which might be kind of nice.

Dana asked, "Can you direct us where we need to go," with a friendly smile.

At this Christian said excitedly, "By all means. I would love to do that!"

Beth told him they were with House Athurius Hoplites - First Cohort and Christian looked the information up on his data tablet. In a few moments, he found the location and they set off walking. One lady on each side of him. As they walked, Dana said, "How long have you been here, Christian and what do you do?"

The young man explained that he was an Inceptions Thrall. Someone who assisted new arrival get settled-in. "Running Eden takes a lot of people," he said excited to be talking to someone about his job. He then went on to explain that Thralls handled all the day-to-day jobs, throughout the alien world. It was fun and interesting. The new environment and climate made everything a breeze. Everyone walked where they needed to go around the city and transports could take you to other parts of Eden or off world if you wanted.

As they walked across the park, Christian shared with the ladies he had been in Eden for less than one-year, because of a traffic accident. He added that a Prize helped him to deal with the tragedy of being separated from his family and friends.

As they walked through a copse of trees, Dana asked, "When you met us, you seemed excited that we were going to be Hoplites. What's so special about them?"

Christian nodded his head as if he understood what Dana was asking and said, "The Hoplites are the true gods and goddesses of this world. You all do amazing things. You amaze me and scare me to death, all at the same time." As he said this they were approaching one of the many buildings along the edge of the huge park. Christian shared with them about how to enter the building. The panel should be programmed for them to open the door.

Dana gave him a hug and kissed him on the cheek. She really liked him. She asked, "How could we call you if we have anything else you could help us with?"

"Wow, no way," he said. He let them know about how to contact people through Eden's network on the data pads that everyone used.

Bethany gave him a big hug as well, squeezing his face into her breasts and then deeply French kissing him. She stepped back saying, "We really appreciate your help and I hope we can see each other again, sometime," winking seductively.

Christian appeared completely smitten by these two Hoplites. He told them he would stay in touch and he wished them luck.

As he walked away Dana turned to Beth who was admiring the Thrall's receding form – especially his ass. She jokingly said, "Oh my God! What the hell was that? You know you could go to jail for statutory rape, for stuff like that."

"He has a cute ass, doesn't he," said replied, "Go ahead and admit it."

Dana replied, "As a Cougar, I do have to admit. He has a GREAT ass!"

This caused both them to laugh almost uncontrollably for several minutes. When they finished, they wiped the tears from their eyes and then turned to the door that opened the way to their new lives and entered the barracks of the Hoplite First Cohort.

They entered the structure and it appeared no one else was there. There was appeared to be a large central meeting room, with several light table and chair sets. On was table was a data tablet. A flashing message read, "When all are present, activate massage." One the wall was an illuminated panel with ten pictures with information underneath each one. As they walked to it, they saw along with their photos, there were pictures of the eight-other people in their unit. They were: Jorge Hernandez; Dennis Foster; Thomas Mitchell; Patricia Adams; Cynthia Matthews; Bruce White; Vincent Lange and Michael Peterson. Their names and photos were last. Under each was a panel that read, "No current games scheduled. In training."

Beneath them were three other photos and names below the heading of 'Prizes': Erin O'Keefe, Clarice Jackson and Michael Yoon. Below each prize a panel read no current appointments.

Beth did the math out loud, "Seven guys and six gals. Not a bad looking group. Especially these two," she said, winking at Dana and pointing at their pictures.

Dana looked a little closer. "I think I remember her from First Class," pointing at Erin's photo. Do you see anyone you know?"

Beth said, "I don't know. Maybe. A lot was going on. Especially at the end."

As they explored, they found two sleeping areas off the main room. Five light 'bunks' were arranged along the walls in each. They both shared a large, communal shower space. Dana said, "I guess there won't be very much privacy."

Beth taking the bright side said, "Hey, just look at it as summer camp, for consenting adults."

She sat down on one of the beds and commented on the level of warmth and comfort that was provided by a simple sheet of light.

Another door led to a large inner courtyard that was arranged much like a practice field. There was a gate at the far end and several doors off it. They were about to continue exploring when they heard voices behind them. It sounded like two men and a woman.

They returned to the common room and saw the three other new arrivals at the bulletin board chatting. Beth called out a greeting as they approached and the new arrivals turned around. A broad-chested, big man with a Latino accent said, "Are you the one in charge?"

The small, compact woman in middle elbowed him in the ribs and said, "No lug nuts. They're new here just like us."

The third man laughed at the joke.

The woman elbowed him as well and said, "What the fuck are you laughing at," causing the big Latino to burst out in laughter, as well. It was clear, three knew each other.

Dana and Beth introduced themselves to Jorge, Patricia (Pat) and Vincent (Vince). It seemed to Dana that they were serving as hosts (ever the flight attendant), as they were leading tours of what they had discovered thus far. As they did this, others joined them as well. Soon the entire Cohort had been assembled. Once the introductions and tours had been completed, they gathered around the table with the data tablet.

Dennis Foster, who Beth recognized from his clear and commanding voice, picked the tablet up from the table and said, "Here goes," as he tapped the screen.

The message banner faded and was replaced by a profile graphic and the voice of a man with a cheerful yet thick, Irish accent began his message:

"Greetings everyone. I am your trainer. From your records, some of you may recognize the term 'Drill Instructor'. Over the coming months, it will be my job to train you. As Hoplites, we compete in the games. Your records indicate you've each had a little taste of combat in one form or another. That's good, as it's my job to build on that foundation."

"get to know each other. You'll be depending on one another to succeed. Protein cubes are available by tapping the table. You'll be sharing two bunkrooms and it doesn't matter who sleeps where. Currently, the shower is set for sonic only."

"Enjoy the quiet time and get some rest. I can guarantee you, this will be the last day you have like this, in quite a while. Taa taa for now!"

They all stood there in silence for a moment and then Cindy Matthews chimed in with her thick Brooklyn accent, "Ain't that interesting," lightening the moment again and causing everyone to laugh.

They began exploring the rest of the facility and found what appeared to be a large locker room and weight training area. They each tried some of the equipment and was amazed at how their new bodies could easily lift the heavy weights. Through another door they found another central room and off of it were individual sleeping areas. They all wondered who got their own room in a place like this.

The rest of that first day was spent sitting or lying on the grass of the training quad in small and large groups. They learned about each other's previous lives on Earth and they all speculated what life as a Hoplite on Eden would be like and munched protein cubes. As the light of day faded, it was replaced by a night they discovered that was just a vibrant as the day.

Besides learning about each other a secondary conversation concerned who the Caretakers were. Everyone shared their thoughts concerning them and their strange, yet alluring appearance.

Although the sky darkened as Eden's sun set, the massive rings around the planet prevented things from becoming completely black. They also saw the sky was filled with a sea of stars in all different colors and sizes. They all felt like they could lay in the quad and go to sleep, peering up at that amazing night sky.

Eventually, the Hoplites went to the bunks rooms and settled in for their first night's sleep in their new home.