 This is an original story and copyright to me, CultOfStrawberry. All characters are original, resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental. All characters within this story are 18 or over when it comes to sexual activity.

This happens in the same universe as my other futa stories, only this one is futa on female. Don't worry, I won't stop writing male on futa, but I thought it'd be nice to try my hand at one futa on female story and see how it turns out. I hope you all enjoy!

o0o

Salamacia squinted as she felt the sea breeze wash over her face, and not for the first time longed for the balmy warmth of the Southlands, where even the seaside breezes were warm. For someone like her, whose blood ran thick and wild with Fire magic, this place was a mystery to her.

The last fortnight, she had been subject to an alien culture in an alien land. To be sure, her hosts were gracious, and the Silver Islands did have their charms, but she still longed for the return of home.

"Salamacia, your cousin has made his choice of bride," she heard her uncle say. She gave a brief nod as she turned to her cousin, the match had not really surprised her. As a Fire magician, master of the element associated with emotion, she'd felt the spark between Lian, her cousin, and Tsune, the eldest daughter of the leader of the Teuthi clan, the longtime lords of the Silver Islands.

Water magic tended to run through the Teuthi bloodlines, but Tsune was an Air Adept. It was not uncommon for a different element to pop up in a bloodline that typically was strong in one element, and Fire and Air were natural allies. It seemed a natural match for the heir to the powerful Aracon clan, a family that was known far and wide for the Fire magic that ran through the family.

She was sure that magical compatibility was the last thing that the young couple was thinking of, however. It was rare in arranged marriages for a bride and groom to take to each other so strongly, and her uncle had taken that as a good sign when Lian made his decision known to his family in a private discussion earlier this morning.

Lian had made his dutiful rounds, being introduced to various ladies of the Teuthi clan, but it had become evident after only a few days what Lian would probably decide, and very few people were disappointed as Lian announced his choice.

Her choice however, would be met with mixed feelings, she was certain. She glanced over the crowd of men that had made up her cadre of potential mates, almost two dozen members of the Twuthi clan, varying from late teens to a few in their fifties. She regarded them with a slow smirk, seeing the trepidation on their faces.

She'd made her nature clear from day one. She was no shrinking violet, spoke for herself, did not hesitate to rise to a challenge, and openly defied many gender conventions. She would be quite the handful for any man who was saddled with her, and in more ways than one. She could tell that several of the men thought they would be able to break her and mold her into a well-behaved wife. Ha!

Her eyes rested on the one she would have for her spouse. Fierce golden eyes met gray-blue ones, and Sena blinked.

Salamacia smirked at the cousin of Teithi's leader. She found many males - the ones here were no exception - to be boring. Women on the other hand... and Sena caused her to feel something she could not quite explain. She'd shared men and women in her bed before and was no stranger to the joys of sex, but Sena attracted her in more than a merely physical way.

When she wasn't doing her own rounds and meeting her potential suitors, she sought out Sena and spent time with her, liking her more and more. At least Lian wasn't the only one who should come out of this with a pleasing partner.

She looked back at her uncle, whose thick golden beard shone in the sun as the breeze ruffled it.

"I have made my choice, honored uncle," Salamacia stated with confidence.

"And who is the lucky one to be mate to the She-dragon of the Southlands?" Riho asked. The air seemed to stand still for a moment as both families waited for her to make her pronouncement.

She slowly lifted a red velvet-clad finger, her manicured hand pointing towards not the group of males, but Sena herself. It took a couple of moments for the Teuthi to realize just what she was saying, and she slowly lowered her hand, biting back the smirk that threatened to break out on her face as other members of the Teuthi reflected their leader's shock.

Riho took a step forward, lifting his hands in a silent plea for calm. She let him do as he would. A fearsome man he could be, but Riho Aracon was also an excellent diplomat, preferring to use words and wiles before war.

"I know this may seem like an unorthodox choice, Lord Teuthi. I understand that the culture of the Silver Islands differs from that of the Southlands, so if you will permit me to explain." Without giving a pause in which a response could be given, Riho continued, "In the Southlands, marriage is seen as a union between two adult partners. Regardless of sex."

"I have heard such stories," Moneo Teuthi acknowledged. "I make no attempt to offend the cultures of someone else, especially an ally. It's just that I had the expectation that your niece would choose from the suitors I pooled for her. I tried to pick out an appropriate range."

"And you did," Rohi acknowledged. Salamacia smirked a little. Her suitors had indeed been varied, and some of the men might have been good husbands, had she been a different kind of woman. "Nonetheless, Salamacia has made a different... choice. I can assure you, Sena would be treated just as well as Tsune."

"Might we continue this in private?" Moneo asked. Rohi nodded.

Salamacia flipped her curly blonde hair over her shoulder as she walked by her would-be suitors, seeing incredulity on some of their faces, relief on others.

o0o

"She is a woman! I can not marry her!" Sena said, keeping her voice modulated so as to not risk any eavesdropping. Nonetheless, her anger seeped through, and she could see by Moneo's wince that he was aware of just how she felt. "And you promised me!"

"I have not broken my promise," Moneo pointed out as he paused in front of the fireplace. The mantle and frame was carved to represent a kraken, who was the sigil - and according to some, an ancestor - of House Teuthi. "You were not part of the suitor pool. How was I to know her choice?"

Sena spun in fury and went to the window. In the courtyard, the fire-pits and grills were cooking the meats for tonight's banquet. Though the Aracon family had been here little more than a fortnight, she had the understanding that her own family and the Aracons had been working on this deal for a few years. There was to be an exchange of a bride and a groom between Houses Aracon and Teuthi. At least Lian and Tsune seemed happy about their union.

However, Sena was not a groom! She spun back to her uncle. "The deal was for an exchange of a bride and a groom, am I correct? We have given them a bride. I am not a groom," she pointed out. Moneo gave a rueful, sad chuckle.

"The finer details are of little import. Two marriages are expected of us, and Salamacia has made her choice."

"I don't want to marry her!"

"I think she little cares for that. I thought the time she was spending with you was friendly since you're both young women, but now..." He stroked his chin, and she gave out an incredulous gasp. The games she'd played with Salamacia, the walks along the beach, the discussions they'd had about magic, the way that if the feisty Fire Master wasn't being courted by one or more of her suitors, she'd inevitably seek out the company of the Water Mage.

"I'll talk to her. I'll convince her that she is making a poor choice, that I would hardly be suited for her!" Sena stated. She and Salamacia were practically opposites in every way. Salamacia was bold and outspoken, she was shy and reserved. It'd been that way for as long as she could remember. The last time she'd seen Salamacia previous to this visit was almost a decade ago, when she and several other Teuthi family members visited the Southlands, staying in a city at the summer manse on the northern shore. The Aracons had been generous hosts, and Salamacia was considered a terror by some. She was as tough as any of the boys, and wasn't afraid of beating one down for an offense. To the boys of Teuthi, who came from a culture that was more patriarchal than that of the Souithlands, Salamacia had been quite the shock to them. She had made for an interesting playmate, that was sure. To share the bed of such a one...

"You risk incurring her wrath, and that would not bode well." Moneo stoked his beard.

"Marriage is a serious decision!"

"So you made me promise to have no hand in it, and I have upheld my end of the bargain."

She sighed at that. "She has been here but as fortnight. To me she is a friend, no more." She would grant that this time around, Salamacia was more mature and ladylike, but her temperament was still fierce, as if she was a living personification of her element.

"Soon to be your wife."

"Oh, ugh!" She glared at her cousin. Many thought that the weight of the family fell on the heir of a House. An heir did bear much responsibility, but a House was represented by more than a scion and their offspring. As cousin to the current Lord and niece and granddaughter to the former Lords, she enjoyed certain privileges, and along with that came responsibilities. Her position made her a desirable bride to quite a few other houses, great and small. A solemnly secured promise ensured that she could not be snared up in these prospects.

Now it seemed that would come to naught.

"Our lands need this. Despite our opposing elements, Aracon and Teuthi have been allies for generations. That alliance has been... strained at times. These marriages will help strengthen it. If you really need to talk to Salamacia, then do so. But please keep what we have discussed in mind. We must not rouse the anger of the dragon."

Sena sighed. The golden dragon was an all too apt symbol of the Aracon family. Placed against a red background, the Aracon dragon was recognized through most if not all of the Ninelands.

"Yes, dear cousin. After all, still waters run deep."

o0o

The Aracons had been comfortably hosted within a wing that had been designed to accommodate privileged guests. Other than not being like home, Salamacia had little reason to complain. Things were a bit more austere here, but she and the others had the things that counted - clean, fluffy mattresses, warm and comfortable bedding, the food was well-prepared, and so on. It did get somewhat tiresome to hear the constant sounds of the ocean. She wasn't sure if this was because she was a Fire elemental, or because she was used to the quietness of the Dragon Palace with its sprawling complex and distance from the ocean and the thickness of the city.

One of her servants approached her as she combed her hair, making sure the curls were arranged well and not tangled, her fingers running along the silky locks. She already had her dress picked out for tonight, a sumptuous red velvet and golden satin dress that she'd packed for just this occasion. Oh how she looked forward to taking Sena as hers. She would explore the charms that the pale, dark-haired maiden kept under these drab-colored clothes, and make her moan and scream in pleasure. Already her cock twitched at the thought, and she smirked before she turned around, glancing at the servant.

"Lady Sena wishes to speak to you, in private," the dark blonde woman informed her.

"Oh, is that so?"

"Yes, she awaits you in the garden."

Salamacia rose from her seat. She had on the same red velvet dress from this morning, and it was fine enough to not warrant a change. The material hugged her curves, but not so tightly as to seem imprudent, and the skirt was loose enough to obscure her 'dragon'.

It was a pleasant day, not too warm or cool, and she felt her skin take in the sun as she stepped out of the shade offered by the building. Sena was sitting next to the water fountain, eyes closed. However, she opened her eyes and raised her head when Salmacia was within about ten paces of her.

"Greetings, wife-to-be," Salamacia said pleasantly as she closed in on her fiancée. She sat next to her on the bench. "I heard you wanted to see me, what is it?" she asked innocently.

"Salmacia, I am flattered that you like me so much... but I do not think this marriage is what is... best for us," Sena whispered. "We hardly know one another..."

"We will have more time to know one another after tonight."

"What? No, that's not what I meant..."

Salamacia stared at her. "I don't want a man. I want you," she stated firmly. "A marriage must be made, and you are the best one suited for the task, I believe."

Sena sputtered at that and rose from the seat. Salamacia went to her side.

"Look, I like you. All these men that Moneo have offered me do not suit me. Out of anyone I should share my bed and life with, it is you. You will be well-cared for and given a generous allowance. The protection of my House is yours." Salamacia knew how many women would jump at that offer.

"I have no need for luxury."

"Are you studying to be a nun?"

Sena spun around to face her, nostrils slightly flared. Her dark brown hair was braided back loosely, and her silver-blue eyes were icy with indignation. Ooh, so this one does have a bit of fire in her, Salamacia mused. "I do not need to be a nun to live a modest life."

"Why settle for such a life? There's nothing like the lap of luxury... or my lap!" Salamacia said with a twinkle in her eye. Sena was silent for a moment, as if pondering her next words.

"Is there nothing I can do to make you change your mind?" Sena asked.

"Nope," Salamacia responded in all seriousness. Seds turned away. Some might consider her a plain-faced woman, but there was something pleasing the countenance of Sena Teuthi, and she found the modest beauty attractive. Her face was a touch long, which gave her nose and jaw graceful lines. "I'm going to go and get ready for the banquet, hmm?" She studied Sena with a smirk. "I am eager to see you in your wedding dress."

Sena scowled, and Salamacia blew her a kiss.

o0o

"Well, you do look pretty," Sena's mother said as she arranged the spray of white flowers at the sides of her daughter's head. The gown that Sena wore had been her mother's own, and was a lovely dress if a touch old-fashioned.

The dress had a modest sweetheart line and a bodice that was a touch stuff, but still comfortable. It was a touch big for her, but still fit her well. The under-dress was a pale, pale green-blue silk -the fabric was an exceedingly rare treat in the frugal Teuthi family - and the over-dress was a fine linen of several shades of a darker green-blue color, showing several different shades of the ocean, the native element of House Teuthi, and many of the minor clans it ruled over. Over that came a wool overdress with split sleeves and could be left open at the front if needed. Like the rest of the clothing, the wool was of high quality, and was soft to the feel but also warm and sturdy for its apparent thinness. This garment was a dark, intense gray-green, like the shadows of the ocean.

Sena felt her mother squeeze her hand. "I know that this is very.. unexpected for you, and I do not blame you for not wanting to go. Being part of a family such as this means that sacrifices have to be made in the name of alliance."

Sena looked at her mother with mild surprise.

"No Great House can rule without the support of many. I married your father to secure the territory of my House, Silvertide. Our parents had arranged it, but at least your father and I had several occasions before the wedding to get to know one another. You have some idea of what you are getting into." Her mother sighed and then picked up the dark overdress. The garment would be welcome on this brisk evening, even with the walls protecting them from the most severe ocean winds, the courtyards of the Spire could get quite nippy on a mild autumn day. "Learn Salamacia's ways and please her, and you may get more leeway than you would expect. Perhaps a manor by the sea, so you can be close to the water."

Sena sighed, knowing her mother was right. Wives who pleased their husbands could get treated very, very well. She supposed that Salamacia would be no exception.

"Mistreatment is grounds to break the marriage. Her uncle knows that, and I am sure she does as well. I have heard that some women know how to please other women... so who knows. You might find some joy in her bed."

"... You're not serious, are you?" Sena asked with an incredulous whisper.

"I'm just saying to make the best of this situation. She may be of Fire, but remember, you are Water. Subtle and steady, flowing where there is room to flow. I also have no doubt that in the Southlands, your skills would be valuable. Keep Salamacia happy, and make yourself valuable in a way that does not challenge their court."

Sena pulled on the silver jewelry that was her birthright, a necklace inlaid with moonstones, with matching earrings and wristbands. They looked brilliant against the cool colors of her attire.

"Ready?" her mother gently asked. She briefly nodded before the two of them excited the chamber and made their way outside of the palace and down to an area near the shore. Members of both families, stood solemnly, standing out in stark contrast to one another - the Aracons lavishly attired in red and gold, and the Teuthi in more somber greens, teals, blues, and grays.

The paths had been cleared and swept, but Sena still picked up her skirts, carefully stepping along the hewn stones in her short boots. The Teuthi were not only frugal, they were also practical. A woman might choose to wear a fine dress, but one was a plain idiot for wearing slippers on such ground as this.

Tsune was clad in a gown of white and blue linen, with a light blue-gray overdress that had shorter sleeves than Sena's own. She had on earrings, a headband, and necklace of silver wrought with aquamarine and pale blue topaz. Lian was a handsome sight in a formal tunic and jacket of red lined with gold, his hair neatly-combed and shining in the sun.

Salamacia was no less an impressive sight in red velvet and gold satin, the bodice accentuating her plump breasts. Rubies glistened in her hair and around her neck, and the sheer amount of red she was seeing from the entire Aracon party was overwhelming.

She took her position besides Salamacia and heard the priest start the ceremony. As in other matters, the Teuthi were reserved in their ceremonies, so it went by relatively quickly. Lian and Salamacia, having already been given some instruction, turned to their partners and took their hands, uttering the words, Lian first. After Salamacia said the words, it was her turn, and Sena was silent for a moment before she felt Salamacia squeeze her hands.

"I do." she whispered. The priest brought forth two cups of salt water, one for Lian and his bride, and one for the other couple. Lian and Salamacia touched the cup to their lips before offering it to their brides. Sena's tongue curled at the taste of the salt water, but she dutifully took a sip before returning the cup to the priest. The priest then made offerings and prayers to the Deep One, the ancestral god of the Teuthis, and beseeched him for blessing and protection of the union and to allow the kraken and the dragon to peacefully co-exist for many generations more.

o0o

Salamacia had to admit that Sena was dressed more nicely than she had expected. The greens and hints of blue set off the color in her eyes, and complimented her brown hair nicely.
