 Hot Days and Heated Nights

Sena was silent as she sat on the side of the bed, her heart thudding as she thought about the fact that she would share intimacy tonight with a woman. She looked around the room, seeing Salamacia's possessions, some of it hanging out, others already packed into trunks. There was ample red here, as well as the bright red comforter that sat on the bed.

Sena had been in here a few times in the past, she and her cousins had occasionally played hide-and-go-seek in this wing since they would then not be underfoot of the servants. The furniture would be covered in sheets to keep the dust away, and cleaned out when they hosted eminent guests. Like many other rooms in the house, the fireplace in here had a kraken-themed mantel. The fire danced cheerfully, warming the room.

The Water Mage caught the faint scent of incense in the air. It spoke to her of exotic lands, balmy summer days, cinnamon, and a melange of spicy oils that both soothed and invigorated.

Doubtless Lian and Tsune were eager for their wedding night. They had probably already started. After several more moments, she slid off the bed and went over to the window. The window looked to the inland, showing her the mix of pine and other trees. She turned as she heard the door open and close and there Salmacia was, dressed in a comfortable red and gold satin robe. Under that was what looked to be a red satin nightgown that ended halfway past Salamacia's knees. The jewelry was gone, and her hair was now down in a simple gold braid.

Salamacia was a woman who was obviously confident in herself. Though she could be very polite and respectful, she did not hesitate to speak her mind. She was obviously a powerful member in House Aracon, with her uncle and cousin listening to her advice. It was said by many that when you dealt with one member of House Aracon, you faced a pack of dragons.

"Good evening, little mermaid," Salamacia said with a purr as she took several steps into the room. Even in this relaxed state, Sena could sense the energy that was nearly rolling off this woman. This tall, golden-haired women with the amber-gold eyes was a Fire Master, and was said to have the appetite of a dragon, according to rumors.

In a battle between a dragon and a little mermaid, it seemed obvious to Sena who would win. She had on the white silk under-dress, and over that, a warm green-gray knit robe in a style that many women on the Silver Islands used for their bedroom robes, if they had the luxury.

"I don't think we need to waste time, do we? So why don't you go on and unclothe?" Salamacia asked. Her full lips were curved in a faint smirk. There was something about that smirk that stirred Sena's rebelliousness.

"Why don't you undress first?" she challenged. Salamacia paused.

"I will take off my robe, then you take off yours?" she bargained. Sena gave a brief nod, and Salamacia untied her robe and shimmied out of it. She had high, full breasts, the nipples erect against the red satin that hugged them comfortably. Her arms, while smooth, had muscles evident whenever she flexed. She had surprisingly high endurance as Sena learned when she'd taken the young Aracon lady on a hike along the shoreline and through the woods. Despite Salamacia's impeccably-groomed appearance and seemingly soft hands, the Fire Master was far from a lazy, spoiled noble lady. She'd relished the challenge of the hike, laughing as they came to the top of a peak in their hike that gave them a glorious view of the inlands and terraces where much farming was done.

Given how eager Salamacia was, Sena deduced that it would likely be a long night...

As Salamacia turned to toss the robe over a stool, Sena could not help but note how the satin flowed down her ass, playing light and dark in the way that only satin could. If Salamacia had been demure and sweet, doubtless more of her relatives would have wanted a union with this feisty woman.

"Now, you." Salamacia stated cheerfully. She kept her front to the darkness, so most of what Sena saw was her sides and rear end.

She swallowed thickly and slid the robe off. The silk was so fine that it was never meant to be worn on its own, and ended just above her ankles.

"Mmm... Sena. I bet many men have dreamed of bedding you," Salamacia purred. She blushed at that imprudent statement. She'd no interest in a man's passion, and was steadfastly devoted to not getting married until she had found a man that she could truly and properly bond and trust with.

If there was no such person, she would dedicate herself to something else, like perhaps seeing if she had the potential to advance to Master. It was rare but possible for a person with Adept-level magic to become a Mage with enough experience and practice, and for a Mage to become a master the same way. Much of being a magician was being born with raw magic, but on occasion, a person could go beyond the limits they'd be born with. It was a worthy goal for her, and she might then become a teacher. Not a bad life for someone like her. That future was now closed to her, because of the passion of a woman!

"Please, Salamacia. Can't we just remain friends?" she asked.

Salamacia laughed at that. "I told you, my mind is made up."

"But women can't have sex!!" She knew what a man and a woman did together. Two women on the other hand was a foreign concept for her.

"Oh, I am beyond a mere woman," Salamacia replied cryptically. She sauntered towards Sena, her hips swaying, the satin swishing around her legs. I may have the body of a woman, but I have the needs of a man, and the means to fulfill it.

"... What?" Sena asked, not comprehending what was being said to her.

Salamacia smiled at that. "Yeah, I knew that was going to be a surprise, but best to get it over with." She grabbed Sena's hand and brought it to her crotch. Sena felt something under the ruby satin that did not feel like a woman's mound.

It couldn't be, could it? Was Salamacia one of these men who dressed like women? She'd heard of such a thing.

However, Salamacia was too much of a woman. All the time she'd spent with the feisty blonde had left her no doubt that Salamacia was a woman, and fully owned her femininity. Yet this... how... what?

Sena quickly drew her hand away, trying to make sense of things.

"Yes Sena, I have a penis. I prefer to call it dragon, though," Salamacia said in a matter-of-fact tone.

"How is that even possible?"

"I have been blessed." Salamacia said this in a confident tone. "So much Fire surges through me that apparently Fate decided I should have this as well. I can outdo a man in magic, and in bed." She sounded smug about that.

The words started to sink in, clicking through Sena's brain. If Salamacia actually had a male organ, then she would be taken in the way that a man took a woman. Did this count as being taken by a man, or a woman? Would she still be a virgin afterward? So many questions boggled her mind, and she heard Salamacia laugh softly.

"Ah, don't think about it too much. Just enjoy my attentions, and you'll be happy to be my wife." She slid out of her red satin, pulling it up over her head and exposing her lower half for a moment, showing that there was indeed a penis down there. It became obscured when Salamacia draped the cloth over her arm, the material hanging down to cover her stomach, groin, and thighs. Her naked breasts truly were something to behold, lightly tanned with rosy nipples.

"Like what you see?" Salamacia asked, placing her free hand on her hip. "Now, off with yours, I am eager to see your lovely charms."

Sena was blushing even more as she removed her own covering, turning away from Salamacia as she pulled it over her head. Granted, Salamcia could still see her rear end, but that was the least of her worriesd at that point. She took a deep breath before turning around and holding her gown in the same way Salamacia was holding hers.

"Mmm. Pert little tits. I bet they're sensitive," Salamacia said with a purr.

"Salamacia..."

"Don't worry, since it's your first time I will be careful," Salamacia said before she turend to a chest, opening it with one hand and fishing around inside for something... a bag. It was of burgundy velvet, and she brought it to the night-table before loosing the drawstring. She put her hand in it as Sena watched, and rummaged around a bit before drawing out two small crystal bottles.

"What's that?" Sena asked with some apprehension.

"Oh, just... things that I think might help ease your mood." She smiled and put her nightgown aside, now fully nude before Sena as she set one of the bottles back down. She removed the lid and dabbed some on her fingers before reaching forward to rub Sena's nipples.

The dark-haired girl gave a soft yelp and pulled back, but Salamacia gently pinned her down and continued rubbing, making sure the oil now thinly coated her nipples and aureola. At first, Sena felt nothing, and wondered what that had been for.

"Lie back," Salamacia said, and Sena felt a rush of warmth come across her and relaxed into compliance, resting her head on the pillow and spreading her knees. She felt the fingers on her womanhood now, after dripping a couple drops more of that oil. The fingers then massaged the oil along her inner and outer labia, sliding along the soft folds and causing her to give out a soft moan when they withdrew. She glanced at Salamacia, who was now licking the substance off her fingers.

"What... was that?" Sena asked, feeling somewhat confused. She'd never heard of oil being used for this purpose, and wondered if Salamacia just liked the smell – it was faintly reminiscent of cloves – when her nipples started to warm just a bit. In less than a minute, the same warm feeling tingle crept along her womanhood.

"It's a warming lotion. It only goes away when I lick it off," Salamacia said with a grin. "Now, you're a proper sight and I am going to have you, but I'm going to enjoy this to the fullest."

The taller woman sat back on the bed, her penis in plain view before her bride. Sena stared at her for several moments, unsure of what to say or do.

"Spouses should be acquainted with one another's bodies, all the more to know and understand how to please their partner," Salamacia commented. "As my wife, it is your duty to make me aware of your favorite areas or things. It is also imperative that you know how to please me." She gestured to her organ. "It is as I have said before, I am a woman. I have all my womanly parts, but I find this much more entertaining for me to play with. There's something about feeling the flesh in my hand... or having someone else touch and manipulate it..." She breathed deeply; at some fond memory, Sena surmised. "So come here and touch it, Wake up the dragon with your attentions, and it will reward you..." she purred.

"You really take that dragon thing seriously?" Sena was usually taciturn, but could not help but blurt that out, and Salamacia laughed.

"The dragon is the sigil of House Aracon for more reasons than one, dear wife. Those of the dragon's blood are blessed, and I have been given an extra blessing. It is one I enjoy having, I will be frank." She reclined back on the pillows, one knee lifted, loosely splayed, expectant. "Come, get to know the dragon. It won't bite you." She smirked.

It almost seemed as if Salamacia deliberately looked for things to make her become flustered, Sena sourly mused as she reached out to tentatively touch it, her fingers landing along the middle of the length of the blonde woman's organ.

How was it even possible? She knew about the differences between the anatomies of male and female, and how babies were created, and pleasure shared. The culture she had grown up in did see sex as something to be private and discreet about, even to the level of prudishness in the eyes of outsiders. But they did have open dialogues about sex in private, and she'd learned everything that a woman, and probably a man, should know. Never had her mother or any of her female relatives probably imagined, much less hinted at her, that such a thing was possible. Men had certain parts, and women others, and that was how biology worked, damnit

"Come now, don't touch it so lightly. It's a dragon, it needs firm petting, not these limp-wristed touches you're giving it."

Sena glared at Salamacia. The older woman simply smirked back at her. She huffed, but twisted around as she felt the warm tingling of her nipples and womanhood intensified, and she gritted her teeth slightly.

"Mmm, yes. Getting warm, is it? The more time goes on, the more tingly it gets, even to the point of itching. The sooner you play nice with me, the sooner I will lick that salve off you."

She stared back incredulously. Well played, Salamacia. Well played, she thought grimly as she reached between Salamacia's legs to gently grasp the organ, and flipped it back onto the blonde's stomach, the bottom of the cock resting against her golden thatch.

"So you have... everything down there?" Sena whispered.

"Why don't you find out?" Salamacia grinned, relaxing her legs and spreading them apart a bit further. Sena paused as she considered this before deciding that she might as well get it over with. Her hand slid down the underside of Salamacia's cock before cupping her sac, which was tight and high against the base of her cock. Like the rest of Salamacia's body, it was warm to the touch.

"I'm going to fill you up with that," Sena heard Salamacia purr. "Empty it into you and ..."

"Stop that!" Sena cried out. "Do you enjoy saying things to embarrass me?"

"You Silver Island lot really are prides, aren't you?"

Sena blinked. "... Prudes? No! We respect sex, but it is private, and..."

"Is there anyone else around?" She flipped her hair and gestured around the room. Other than them, the only sounds to be heard was the distant crashing of waves, and an occasional crackle of the fire. Sena opened her mouth, but no sound came out.

"It's just the two of us, why should we need to worry about modesty or tact?" the blonde said, filling in Sena's silence. "So go on, explore. You're my wife, I am sure you will come to know me very well as time goes, might as well start now.."

Sena chose to not reply to that, and still blushing, her fingers slid down the sac, finding something warm and slick. A bit of prodding – and a slight moan from Salamacia – told her that the older woman did indeed have a vagina. The fact that there were male and female organs on one body, conveniently placed so close to one another, was something that Sena was still puzzling over, her mind not having entirely processed the reality of the situation yet. Her mental processes provided a partial distraction to the sensation of her nipples and vagina getting even more tingly from the oil. Deep One, make it stop, she silently pleaded.

Her fingers slid around for several moments as she peered at it, partially obscured in the shadows from Salamacia's legs. Almost without thinking, she let a finger slide in to the first knuckle.

"Mmm, yes. I welcome your enthusiasm. More," Salamacia moaned. Sena blinked as if realizing just what she was doing, and started to pull back, but a wave of warmth washed over her, and her hand slid forward, two fingers now inside. Salamacia's organ started to stir as well, and as Sena fingered her a bit more, Salamacia stiffened further, the head now peeking out of the foreskin.

"Use your other hand on my dragon," Salamacia ordered, in a gentler tone than before, though there was still passion at the edge of her tone. Sena obeyed, wrapping her fingers around her spouse and starting to pump, feeling it come to full life under her fingers. It was thick and seemed to feel warmer than the rest of its owner. She felt Salamacia wiggle her hips in obvious enjoyment of the deed.

o0o

Oh, with both of her sexes being teased, it didn't take Salamacia long to come near orgasm. It seemed to take superhuman willpower to bid her bride to stop.

"Sena, stop right now. You have earned your reward. Lay back and spread yourself," she instructed, her cock throbbing and bobbing a bit as she sat up. Needing no prompt, the dark-haired woman complied, making herself comfortable on the bed.

"Mmm... I bet that tingle is getting really bothersome, isn't it?" She blew gently onto one of Sena's nipples and then the other, hearing the other woman give out a soft, frustrated mewl.

"Fear nor, bride of mine. For my kisses can soothe it away." She lowered her head to a pale, rosy nipple and flicked her tongue across it, hearing a soft hiss.

"Mmm... my, you really are a maiden, aren't you? Oh, I will have so much delight in teaching you the seven caresses, and learning what makes your toes curl." Her grin was devilish, and she knew it. She was going to make this sweet dark-haired woman hers. She swirled her tongue along the aureola, tasting the hint of honey. This salve was made from the juices of a fruit that caused a tingling sensation that lasted anywhere between an hour to a few if left on the skin. Harmless when ingested, someone had ingenuously figured out a sexual purpose for it.

Saliva broke down the tingling properties, so it was easy to simply lick it off one's partner when it was time and licking the salve off also negated the tingling on the partner's skin, and it had a pleasant flavor. Honey was sometimes added to thicken it and increase the itching properties if someone wanted to really tease their partners, and to thicken the substance that was popular in the use of arousing and tormenting lovers.

Salamacia was no stranger to this substance, called 'tickle of the dragon', having had it used on herself but very much preferring to use it on her lovers. Sena moaned and bit her lips as she cleaned one nipple with plenty of kissing, nibbling, and sucking, before moving onto the other one and cleaning it in similar fashion.

Sena was practically breathless when Salamacia positioned herself between her legs, and Salamacia was reminded deliciously of the ache in her own groin. Gods! She had to remind herself to be patient, a virtue that her uncle often extolled. Riho was unusual among Fire masters – he was patient and in excellent control of his emotions. Allies and adversaries alike might even joke that he had a heart of ice.

He'd done his best to teach her patience, an endeavor that she usually sneered at. But she had learned a thing or two from her uncle, and she could see that this was one of these times where a touch of patience could go a long way.

"You do have a lovely cunt. Could use a bit more trimming," she commented in her usual bluntness. "Nonetheless, I will enjoy it tonight, and so will you." She lowered her head to run her lips along the outer labia, hearing the dark-haired woman keen sharply for a moment before she bit it off. Salamacia smiled at the sound, and contused her attentions, slowly and lazily, taking her time with the outermost part of Sena's womanhood, occasionally breathing hotly onto the puckered inner lips that peeked out shyly.

"Salamacia! Please..." Sena's eyes were half-lidded.

"Please what? Please stop, or please continue?" she said in a velvety whisper. Sena hesitated, obviously torn between the two. The Fire Master decided to make the choice easier, and used a touch of Fire magic to send a burst of soothing warmth across Sena's body.

"Lick it off. Please."

"Since you asked so nicely..." Salmacia said before she resumed her licking, now moving onto the inner labia, kissing, licking, nibbling as she felt Sena tense under her, not from discomfort, but from the newness of the experience and the power of the sensations she was feeling. When all of Sena was clean to her satisfaction, Salamacia went back to the spot that she wanted to tease and explore, but had been holding off for.
