 Kain – you have quite a few questions. This time I won't answer them because doing so would be too spoiler-y, so just read on and enjoy the story.

To the reviewer who mentioned typos – I know I make them. I try to catch them when I can. If I or someone else notices a typo after I've uploaded the story, I just fix the mistake and replace the chapters with 'fixed' versions whenever I can. I use spellcheck but as anyone well knows, these only catch misspelled words, not wrongly-used words and sometimes I type so fast that I make keyboard typos. I try my best to catch typos, but any writer knows that a few can slip away from you.

I don't have a proofreader, unfortunately. So anyone who reads my stories, this one or any other in my repertoire is free to point out anything I missed, and I will update the manuscript.

To clear things up – Sena is 22, and Salamacia is 24.

o0o

Sena was silent for several moments as she stared at Salamacia, her eyes again confirming the reality of who and what her new wife was. Her brain didn't quite want to process what she was seeing, even though the evidence was right before her.

"Um..." she said as she backed away a little, riding to more of a sitting position as she leaned against the pillows that rested against the headboard. "Could we... perhaps wait for another night?"

"Oh come now, why should I wait? I've already waited for a fortnight," Salamacia responded with a faint smirk.

"What? But, the suitors, why did you... you can't mean that..."

"I can, and I do. My mind was made up from day one, but of course I had to humor my uncle and your cousin."

"It would have been nice if you told me about it?"

"What would you have done? Would you have been willing to marry me if I had talked to you beforehand?"

"... No."

"Why not?"

"Because... you're a woman! And before you tell me things are different in the Southlands, kindly remember that I'm not one of you!" Sena huffed as she crossed her legs, covering her breasts with her crossed arms.

Salamacia threw her head back and let out a guffaw, her breasts jiggling as she did so. Wiping a couple of tears from her eyes, the blonde took a deep breath and collected herself before looking back down at Sena.

"I'll make you a deal," Salamacia finally said after several moments of silence. The younger woman looked back up at her quizzically.

"If you feel no pleasure at all during our union, I will agree to have the marriage annulled, and accept responsibility for it."

Sena stared at her spouse for several moments, considering her choices. She could lie back, close her eyes, and let Salamacia have her. She could use some of her meditation techniques to keep herself calm and cool during intercourse. All it was was a penis in a vagina; not all women gained pleasure from that simple act. Yes. She could practically taste her freedom...

"Very well." She saw Salamacia'a eyes gleam in triumph, and she bit back a smile as she raised her hand in a gesture that clearly said, 'not so fast!' "But I have my own terms to make. You can not use anything other than your own body. You can't use any of these oils or whatever else you have in your bag, or your magic." She recalled that Salamacia had taken two bottles from the bag, and she wasn't about to let the blonde use whatever had been in the as of yet unopened vial.

Salamacia blinked in surprise.

"Come now, Salamacia. I may be a Water Mage, but I am not ignorant to the other elements. I know you were using your magic to heat me up. If you are so confident in your ability to make me orgasm from intercourse, then you won't need any assistance... will you?" she challenged.

Salamacia crossed her arms, looking at her critically for several moments. Happy to see that she'd effectively stopped the older woman in her tracks, at least for a few moments, Sena could not help but smirk back.

"Very well. I accept your challenge, and I will relish my victory," Salamacia finally stated.

"I believe you will not find me someone so easily taken over," Sena shot back.

"That's fine. I like a challenge."

Sena took a deep breath and wiggled down a bit so she was in a comfortable position, lying down with her head on a pillow, spreading her knees apart. This is what many women do on their wedding night, she told herself. Just close your eyes, and let her have at it, and it'll be over soon enough.

She looked up to see Salamacia still smirking down at her, and closed her eyes, waiting to be penetrated. She took a deep breath, focusing on meditation, letting her mind start to drift off.

This reverie was abruptly broken as she felt something suck on her lower lip. She smelled Salamacia's perfume, and realized the other woman was actually kissing her. The blonde's lips were soft and full, tasting faintly of something faintly sweet she could not identify. The kisses grew more fervent as Salamacia pressed her lips in more firmly, licking and nibbling along Sena's own lips as her hands reached up to caress the younger woman's face.

"... What are you doing?" Sena whispered, her eyes still closed.

"What do you mean?"

"I'm ready. Take me."

Salamacia let out a velvety chuckle into her ear before her hand slid down to gently squeeze a breast. "Oh my sweet, darling mermaid, you think it's going to be so easy? No, I intend to make this a memorable experience for both of us."

The kisses and caresses continued as Salamacia took her time to explore the body of her new bride. Despite Sena's best efforts to meditate, and retreat from the experienced touches that was drawing unexpected responses from her body, she found herself unable to go as deep as she wanted. It seemed that every time she was about to successfully plunge into meditative oblivion, there was always a touch, kiss, or nibble, that yanked her right back into reality.

Sena silently cursed the older woman, but Salamacia was holding to her own end of the bargain. She was simply using her mouth and hands, which she was permitted to do.

She had to make a conscious effort to bite back a moan as she felt Salamacia's nimble fingers tease her clit out of its hood again. Her nipples were erect, and no wonder, after the way the Fire Master had nibbled, kissed, sucked, and pinched them, leaving them puffy and stuff. She couldn't remember a time her nipples had ever been so hard – or when she had ever been so aroused, period.

Though more withdrawn and serious than her peers, Sena was not exempt to the usual trials and tribulations that had come with puberty. She'd had crushes, and listened to older cousins or servants titter about this or that. She'd touched herself several times, exploring the most intimate parts of herself. She'd wondered what it might feel like to have a boy touch there, or her tits, or kiss her. Or what it might be like to touch a man, to explore the ways that a man was different from a woman. Despite her distaste for the general idea of marriage, she did entertain such thoughts now and then.

The things she'd imagined she might feel at being touched in such intimate ways paled before the reality of what Salamacia was doing. Even though Salamacia was using no magic, Sena's body still warmed at her touches, and she had to bite back a moan.

o0o

Salamacia was not ignorant of her wife's attempts to tune out from this situation. Any person with magic skills, who had received formal instruction, had meditation as one of the most basic tenets of their training.

She almost called Sena out on this, but decided to instead prove to the younger woman the level of her skills. Though her cock ached, Salamacia took her time to tease and explore her lover, caressing her face and giving her kisses, teasing her breasts, kissing along her shoulders, arms, and stomach, the ache in her cock increasing when she moved down to the brunette's inner thighs.

She could not help but smirk at the subtle nuances of the younger woman's body that told her of Sena's frustration at not being able to completely ignore all the teasing kisses and touches.

"What is the matter, sweetling?" Salamcia asked with a purr as she gently rubbed the palm of her thumb against the tip of Sena's clit, feeling her lover squirm a bit at that sensation. "Am I interrupting your meditation?" she inquired with a knowing smirk.

Sena's eyes fluttered open, and she glared, her normally solemn face taking on an expression that animated it.

"Come now, is this so horrible...?" Salamacia purred, continuing to gently rub the little nub that peeked out from Sena's womanhood. The younger woman gave out a small moan at that, and it was clear she was making an effort to not just wiggle away or clamp her thighs closed.

After plumbing Sena's depths with two fingers, the blonde decided that it was time to consummate her union. Despite Sena's best efforts to ignore what was happening, her body told an entirely different tale, and Salamacia knew she had already won.

Now was the time to drive the point home, and Salamacia could wait no longer.

She positioned herself between Sena's legs, propping herself up by placing her hands on the blanket at Sena's sides. Lowering her hips, Sena could not help but feel a flush of pleasure as the tip of her organ came in contact with the warm slit that awaited it. She pushed forward just a bit, feeling that warmth engulf the head of her penis 

"Mmm... you feel so wonderful, dear wife. I know I will be enjoying this for many years to come," Salamacia purred as she lowered her head to nibble along Sena's ear, sliding in inch by inch. She could feel the other woman stiffen at the intrusion, and reached up with one hand to gently massage Sena's breast.

Finally, she was fully sheathed, and it felt simply divine. She let out a soft purr, and placed kisses and nuzzles along her lover's face and throat, simply enjoying the union. Sena squirmed around a bit under the ministrations, but remained where she was, closing her eyes.

You couldn't shut me out before, what makes you think you're going to be able to do so now, Salamacia thought with mild amusement as she started to rock her hips.

o0o

The pain that came with losing her virginity was fleeting, much more than Sena had expected. She knew that women had varied experiences during their first time, and the fact that it hurt her less than she has expected came to her as a surprise – and she was not sure if she should feel relief or not. If it had hurt more, it meant she could enjoy this less, and give Salamacia less of a chance to have what she wanted.

She felt the kisses and caresses on her face, feeling Salamacia's breasts pressed against her own. The blonde woman had a gorgeous set of breasts, full and plump, something that Sena had often wished of her own chest, which seemed almost tiny in comparison. Salamacia didn't seem to mind though, as one of her well-manicured hands was massaging a breast, lightly rolling its nub between her fingers, and Sena was unable to bite back a moan.

She could actually feel Salamacia smile against her cheek as she let out this small sound.

"Oh, it gets better," Salamacia purred before she started to roll her hips in a gentle rhythm, and Sena stiffened, feeling the fullness within her slide against her innermost walls. She bit her lip, trying to shut everything out, but as before, this was proven impossible, because Salamacia always seemed to know what to do to prevent that mental escape, and she gave out a small whimper as Salamacia's hand traveled from her breast to her clit, giving it teasing, gentle rubs as she slowly moved in and out.

Sena was surprised at how... oddly empty she felt when the older woman pulled out of her, leaving only the head of her cock within. When Salamacia pushed back in, she couldn't help but enjoy it.

Damn it, she thought furiously as she realized that she was indeed enjoying her spouse's attentions. Even without any outside assistance, Salamacia was doing a very good job, and Sena hadn't realized just how sensitive certain parts of her anatomy could be, or how well they could be exploited.

The pace slowly increased, and inwardly, Sena knew that she had lost. Even though she had not yet orgasmed from this act, she knew it was going to happen, and gave out a mewl as Salamacia lightly bit the side of her neck. The thrusting increased, and before she knew it, Salamacia picked up one of her hands, guiding her to wrap her arm around the older woman's middle.

Sena opened her eyes to see a mask of bliss on Salamacia's face, her blonde braid swinging from her shoulder as she thrust. As Salamacia noticed her attention, she smiled and lowered her head again to give the brunette a searing kiss, sliding her tongue into Sena's mouth.

Almost as if on instinct, Sena responded, pushing at Salamacia's tongue with her own as their lips remained locked in a deep kiss. Salamacia's kisses grew more ardent, and she ran her free hand along the smaller woman's face, and Sena wondered – at least with the part of her mind that wasn't occupied with how much she was enjoying this – how it was possible that Salamacia could seem to focus on multiple tasks at once, with the kissing, caressing, thrusting, and stroking.

However, the blonde did have her limits, as Sena came to realize, as the thrusting became harder and fiercer, and Salamacia had to stop stroking her clit so as to use her hand for leverage in the thrusts.

"Please...." Sena gasped, she'd been so close to orgasm, her clit throbbing as she felt something deep within her grow hotter and tighter with each thrust of Salamacia's thick organ, which seemed to not only fill her womanhood, but her consciousness.

"Touch me," Salamacia commanded. "Hold me," she gasped between thrusts, and Sena moaned loudly, wrapping her legs loosely around the blonde's hips, her arms around Salamacia's middle.

Even though Salamacia was no longer manipulating her clit, Sena was still enjoying herself, clinging to the taller woman, swear beading her brow as her hips thrust back at her lover without any conscious thought on her part. Although Salamacia's hands were now on the bed, one on the comforter, the other on the headboard for leverage for her fierce thrusting, she still peppered the younger woman's face with kisses, occasionally planting a searing one on her lips. Dimly, Sena recalled Salamacia referring to herself, and her organ, as a dragon, and in this moment, the metaphor seemed all too appropriate.

Something within Sena seemed to explode, and she gave a cry into Salamacia's mouth as she stiffened in orgasm, her thighs clenching against Salamacia's hips for several moments.

Salamacia's kisses grew more ardent even as Sena trembled and whimpered from her orgasm, her core sending warm pulses through her stomach and thighs as the older woman continued her fierce thrusting, her movements and breathing becoming even quicker and more erratic, and even though Sena had never been with anyone in an intimate way before, she sensed that this meant the blonde's own orgasm was fast approaching.

Sena was barely aware of anything besides what she was experiencing. The noises the two of them made, the tangle of their limbs and Salamacia's frantic thrusting, the scent of the incense and their own sweat.

She heard a sudden, strangled gasp as a warm explosion coated her inner walls, and focused on Salamacia's face, seeing the other woman in the throes of her orgasm, her pleasure plainly written on her features as her golden eyes rolled back into her head. Her rhythm changed, still fierce but erratic, her fingernails digging into the younger woman's side.

"Ow!" Sena hissed, trying to pry away said hand. Salamacia continued thrusting, but thankfully, she removed her hand, and her thrusts slowed as she caught her breath.

"... Sorry about that," Salamacia whispered, and all Sena could do was nod, her body swaying a bit with each thrust as the other woman drew out her completion, her flesh still thick and hard as it moved within.

Sena's arm remained loosely wrapped around the other woman as Salamacia peppered the side of her face and shoulder with lazy kisses. Finally, she pulled out, and the room seemed suddenly too cold to the younger woman, and she felt empty between her legs. She wrapped her arms around herself and squeezed her knees shut as she felt a bit of cum seep out of her.

"Closing up already?" Salamacia asked with a smirk. She blushed and looked away, not deigning an answer. Salamacia draped an arm across her, hugging her close as she lay at her side. "Come now, don't be like that. You enjoyed that, we both did." She nibbled along Sena's ear, and the younger woman had to bite back a moan.

"Hmph," was all Sena could respond with.

"Well, I am sure that with due time, you'll stop being such a tight-ass," Salamacia commented. Sena hmphed again and rolled away. A strong arm wrapped around her middle, pulling her back so that she was now spooned against her lover.

"We made a deal, and now you must honor it," Salamacia reminded her in a tone that was considerably less teasing than before as she pressed her lips along the side of Sena's neck. "I will be a good wife to you, have no fear of that, but I expect the same in return."

"I didn't ask to be married," Sena replied, her tone coming out more petulant than she had intended.

"It had to happen some day, didn't it? That's what happens to us of noble blood," the older woman replied, and Sena felt her fingers running through her hair.

"Not everyone!"

"True, but it happens more often than not. You didn't want to marry a man, and you got your wish." As if to emphasize her point, Sena felt the other woman press her breasts against her back.

"Wait, how did you know?" Sena blurted out. Salamacia chuckled softly.

"Your cousin met me and my uncle privately after I made my choice, and he explained the promise he'd made to you."

Sena gave out a slow sigh. So Moneo had tried. "And that meant nothing to you?"

"You're the only one I would have for my spouse, Sena."

"You could have just told your uncle you weren't interested in marriage. I think Riho would have let you have your way." Sena thought of Riho and how he was around his son and niece. It seemed like he would not be the kind of person to force someone into marriage.

"He let me make my choice, instead of choosing someone for me," came the smooth retort.

o0o

Salamacia closed her eyes briefly, inhaling the scent of her lover. She could smell flowers in the smaller woman's hair, although she couldn't quite identify it. The Silver Isles had vegetation that was almost completely different than what could be grown in the Southlands, but Sena's scent was not at all unpleasant.

"Believe me, Sena, I did not make this decision lightly," Salamacia whispered into her ear. Only if the other woman knew just how much thought had went into her choice...

o0o

House Aracon was one of the most powerful Houses in the Ninelands, if not the most. Centuries of keen business sense, military strategy, and wisely-arranged marriages brought House Aracon to its current state of power. There were those who said that if House Aracon wanted to take the crown for themselves, they could probably succeed at the task. Fortunately for the King, Riho Aracon, and his predecessors wisely knew that holding a crown often came with more trouble than it was worth, so the dragons maintained their lofty seat in the Southlands, focusing on venues which brought them real power.

One venue was marriage alliances, and though intermarriage between various branches of Aracon was not uncommon, the leaders knew that tying their House with others, and bringing fresh blood into the dragon's lair was prudent. Riho had made the decision that this generation needed to re-establish their ties with House Teuthi, despite their opposing elements. It'd been many, many generations since a daughter of the Silver Isles had married a scion of the House, and Riho felt it prudent to refresh this tie with not one but two marriages. He was known for meditating on serious decisions like this, and he did not make his announcement lightly.
