 Before Sena turned back to face Salamacia, she undid her hair from its messy braid before working it back into a quick bun to keep it out of the way during their bath, knowing that the older woman was watching every movement.

"You tease," she heard Salamacia purr, and for some reason, that made her want to laugh. She slowly turned back to face the older woman. She was no stranger to bathing with other women, but was fully aware of just how... different this instance would be to all the others she'd had in the past. It wasn't hard to imagine what Salamacia might want to do, and that thought sent a pleasant, warm tingle through her core.

"I will be sure to get every inch of you clean," Salamacia said, her golden eyes glinting with open desire, a lecherous smirk on her full lips. Sena felt her cheeks warm further than they had already.

"Are you sure you won't be too distracted to complete that task?" she queried before she could stop herself.

Salamacia gave a mock gasp of surprise. "Do my ears deceive me? Are you looking forward to this?"

Sena blinked at that. Where had these words come from? Even though on their wedding night she'd lost the bet, and was now bound to the older woman as wife, it didn't mean that she would embrace the role. She had been determined to maintain a wall between her wife and herself. She had told herself that she would treat Salamacia with politeness and respect, just as any lady would give her lord husband. There were times where she would protest Salamacia's advances, such as on their first hike, and other times, she would dutifully submit to the dragon's desires.

As Sena stared at her partner, she was forced to realize that she hadn't merely come to tolerate the blonde's attentions, she was enjoying them, and even looked forward to such intimacy with anticipation.

Nonetheless, she was a stubborn woman, and old habits did not die so easily.

"I said no such thing!" Sena retorted.

"Such a shame. You should learn to be more open," Salamacia said, lightly tutting her as she bent down to remove her own pants and boots, tossing them to land near Sena's own discarded clothing. Her tunic remained where it was, but what was loose on Sena fit Salamacia well, outlining the curves of her breasts and hips. "Now, come and sit here so I may tend to you."

Sena obeyed, sitting down on the stool and glancing down at the mosaic tile floor. Pieces of tile in varying shades of red through yellow formed a stylized depiction of the sun, and with the terracotta walls that surrounded them, the sunlight infused the room with a warm glow.

Out of the corner of her eye, she watched as Salamacia knelt next to the bucket, and a faint red glow infused the blonde's hands as she channeled Fire magic into heat, causing steam to rise out of the bucket.

Folding a towel and placing it under her knees, Salamacia positioned herself behind Sena and dipped a sponge into the water, and the younger woman let out a soft sigh as she felt the hot water drip down her back before the sponge pressed against her skin. 

"See, fire and water don't have to be antagonistic," she heard Salamacia whisper. It was hard to argue such a statement when she was being subjected to the pleasant sensation of a heat-filled sponge. She closed her eyes, letting her head loll forward as she succumbed to her wife's attentions. A small coo of pleasure escaped her throat as she felt the sponge press against the back and sides of her neck, washing away the sweat.

Both hand and sponge slid along her shoulders, and Sena couldn't remember having ever enjoyed a backwashing so much. A delicate shiver passed through her when she felt Salamacia's lips press against one shoulder and then the other after she'd cleaned them. She hadn't been washed since she was very young, and though it did feel a touch weird having someone else wash her when she was very well capable of doing it herself, there was no denying the pleasure in this.

Sena obliged Salamacia in every unspoken instruction, lifting her arms for washing, picking up her feet so that Salamacia could run the sponge over and under them and so on. When the sponge approached her breasts, she pulled her shoulders back to give her wife easier access, and blushed as Salamacia smirked at her knowingly.

"Fret not, I'll be sure to wash them nice and good," Salamacia whispered as she settled in front of Sena. Her free hand went to one breast, massaging it and rubbing a finger across its nipple, as she washed the other breast, working the sponge against it in slow, lazy circles. She closed her eyes.

Inevitably, her nipples hardened, and Sena noted that she didn't feel one single iota of embarrassment for her body's response to Salamacia's attentions. A soft intake of breath filled her longs when she felt Salamacia's lips wrap around her nipple, and she let her head loll forward as she opened her eyes, watching the blonde take enjoyment from the little nub.

Tentatively, she lifted her foot, sliding it between Salamacia's knees. The older woman didn't seem to notice, so she pushed her leg further. When she felt Salamacia's thighs against her foot, she continued, feeling the hem of the older woman's tunic against the top of her foot.

Salamacia had to know what she was doing, but she made no move to ward off the foot. Boldened by this, Sena slid up further, feeling the other woman's groin against the top of her foot. Salamacia moved her lips to the younger woman's other breast, now washing the breast she'd stopped sucking on. Sena picked up one hand and ran it along the blonde's thick, wavy hair, letting a few curls tangle in her fingers.

Her wife certainly was paying a lot of attention to her breasts, washing them longer than necessary... not that Sena was about to object, of course. Purposely, she pressed her foot against the cloth-covered flesh, hearing Salamacia give out a small groan. Encouraged by this, Sena started rubbing her foot up and down, feeling Salamacia stir in response.

The sponge slid down to her stomach, and Salamacia washed her there, rubbing the taut flesh in languid circles. Finally, the older woman slid away, and Sena was gratified to see that she'd actually made the other woman blush.

"There's one more part of you I need to wash, get up and keep your feet apart," she instructed. Without a moment's hesitation, Sena complied, hands on her knees, her feet in a stance a bit wider than her shoulders.

o0o

Salamacia did not miss how relaxed and compliant her wife had been through the entire session. Sena using her foot to tease her was a surprise but not unwelcome treat.

It would appear that swordplay is good for you in more ways than one, she mused as she dipped her sponge in the bucket, making sure the water was heated well enough before she pulled it out, squeezing it a bit before bringing it between Sena's thighs.

"Are you enjoying this, sweetling?" Salamacia asked with a purr as she gently swiped the sponge between the younger woman's legs.

"I believe you already know the answer to that."

"I do, but I like hearing it." Her rubbing became a bit firmer, and she felt a slight shudder pass through the dark-haired woman's body as she pressed the sponge upward.

"Ye... esss..." Sena gasped, her hips wiggling a bit as Salamacia continued to wash her. She reached with her other hand to spread Sena's labia open, running her fingers along the moist folds. She put the sponge back into the bucket, letting it soak up some more water before returning to Sena, pressing it against her stomach. The warm water dripped down through the younger woman's pubic triangle and down her outer lips before running down her thighs.

Salamacia brought her face to Sena's right nipple, flicking her tongue along the hardened nub as she moved her hand against the younger woman's groin in a slow circle.

"I thought... the point of this... was to get me clean," Sena whispered, though any admonition in her tone was entirely playful.

"Should I stop, then?" Salamacia asked, kissing along the top of the breast before pressing her lips to the junction where Sena's collarbones met.

"No!" Sena whispered, her cheeks pink with what Salamacia didn't doubt was far more arousal than embarrassment.

"Good, because I don't want to stop, either." She gently pressed the sponge against her lover several times, going back and forth a few times before sliding the sponge further back, making sure that every last bit of her lover was clean. Discarding the sponge, she runk back to her knees, looking up at her wife.

"Mmm... you know, I rather enjoy the view from down here," Salamacia purred before she leaned in to breathe hot air against Sena's labia.

"If you're going to pleasure me, then quit teasing me!" the younger woman said with a shiver as Salamacia lightly pressed her thumb against the little nub that peeked out from the swollen inner lips.

"What's the magic word, sweetling?" the blonde asked with a deliberately casual drawl, giving Sena's clitoris the lightest of rubs.

"Please, Salamacia... you're too good at this."

"Too good, am I, hmm?" Salamacia couldn't help but swell with pride at that, and she rose to her feet with a smirk, looking down at Sena and running her finger along the younger woman's jaw. "Then aren't you just lucky that I have chosen you to be my wife, so that you can be the recipient of my attentions..."

At this, Sena's cheeks pinkened even more. Salamacia chuckled softly before sitting down on the stool.

"Come here and put yourself in my lap... but don't sit in it. Turn yourself upside down..." With confusion but also curiosity, Sena allowed herself to be maneuvered, her head and shoulders snugly ensconced atop the older woman's lap. Her buttocks were flush against the blonde's collarbone.

o0o

Sena wiggled around a bit, settling into this position the best she could. She could feel the older woman's breasts pressed against her back, and something else against the area between her shoulder-blades and the middle of her back.

Her legs were now draped over Salamacia's back, her lower legs dangling loosely with one foot resting against Salamacia's back. She looked up at her lover from this position, the sun forming a golden halo around Salamacia's thick blonde curls.

After feeling around a bit, Sena chose to rest her hands against the other woman's hips, knowing full well just how well the older woman could pleasure her, and how she would likely need something to hold onto. One of Salamacia's strong arms was wrapped around her middle, keeping her snug in the somewhat awkward position.

"Are you enjoying the view now?" Sena asked, easily able to imagine what her wife was seeing from her vantage.

"How could I not?" Salamacia shot back, her free hand sliding along one of her inner thighs, the well-manicured nails lazily trailing along the pale skin. Sena closed her eyes, nibbling on her lower lip as she felt the other woman move closer to her arousal, booting back a whimper as one finger slid along the first labia that it came across, before trailing up the other one.

"... Sal." Sena breathed, feeling that finger gently rub her inner lips, slowly working its way between them. The finger dipped in to its first knuckle, wiggling around a bit before drawing back out.

"You tease," Sena hissed, shifting around a bit.

"And you love it," Salamacia shot back, leaning her head down to place a kiss on the swollen clit. She felt her inner labia being spread open by two fingers, and warm breath at the entrance to her womanhood.

"I thought the dragon had a mighty appetite, why is she being so slow about it?" Sena asked.

"Perhaps the dragon wishes to savor her meal," the older woman replied before languidly flicking her tongue along Sena's clit several times, and Sena opened her eyes to mock glare at her wife.

"I'd prefer the dragon to fiercely devour me."

"Looks like someone's picking up on the dragon euphemisms," Salamacia teased, her eyes twinkling as she looked down at her. She placed kisses along the spread flesh of the inner lips around the opening, darting her tongue within the tender opening several times, sending tendrils of warmth seeping through her core. A sigh escaped her throat as her fingers dug into Salamacia's hips, her heels pressing against the other woman's back.

She couldn't help but press against the older woman insistently, her hips wiggling as she lifted herself, trying to grind her womanhood against Salamacia's face.

"Now, this is more like it," Salamacia purred, her tongue now plunging within the slick opening at a deeper and harder pace, one finger rubbing her clit. After a while, Salamacia switched the position of her fingers and tongue, sliding two fingers within as Sena clenched around them. The younger woman let out a whimper of delight, and one of her hands roamed upwards to loosely curl into the thick blonde hair that crowned Salamacia's head.

The fingers continued to slide within her, wiggling and massaging her inner walls, on occasion scossoring, as the attention to her clit metamorphosed from slow and teasing to relentless, the dragon finally having its feast. Salamacia's name escaped several times from her throat, and each utterance of her name seemed to increase the dragon's ardor. The sucking and licking of her clit had her eyes rolling back in her head as she was subjected to particularly deeper and firmer thrusts, a third finger joining the other two in opening up her depths.

"I'm going to... ah... yes!" Sena gasped several times, writhing around within her wife's grip and arching, her fingers briefly digging against the blonde's scalp and hip as she was brought to completion.

She fell lump, shivering in bliss as the fingers slowed their thrust, though the tongue continued its eager laving.

"Was that... appetite enough to satisfy... you?" Salamacia whispered, her tongue meticulously making its way along and around her clit and the tender pink flesh that opened up below it.

"... For now," Sena responded lightly. A soft, pursing chuckle was felt against her sensitive flesh as Salamacia pressed her lips against it.

"As much fun as I had cleaning you, I am eager for my turn. Let's see how good you are at giving someone else a bath." Salamacia said, slowly loosening her grip around the younger woman's middle so that Sena could ease herself out of her lap and to the floor.

She pulled over the second bucket, and heated it up with her magic before pulling off her tunic, revealing herself to Sena in all her glory. "I hope you have as much fun bathing me as I did you."

Sena felt a fresh heat surge to her cheeks, and regarded her wife's smirk. "Now now, you know there's no need to be shy. Grab a hold of that sponge, and come over here." She wiggled around on the stool, causing her breasts to jiggle as she put the fingers she'd been using to fuck the younger woman into her mouth, licking them clean.

Salamacia's Fire magic maintained a comfortable temperature within the room, so Sena didn't feel cold as she knelt before the other woman's back to commence the bath. She had but to recall what Salamacia had done to her, and mimicked almost every sequence, listening for a sign or hum of pleasure.

The tall, curvy blonde had the kind of body that Sena had often wished she had. Full, pouty lips, a long, graceful nose with a delicate upturn, full and pert breasts, a beautifully-proportioned waistline that flared out into curvy hips, and legs that almost seemed to go on forever. Clothed, one would never imagine that someone as beautiful and feminine-looking as Salamacia might have any hint of masculinity about her.

The older woman's tanned skin was smooth, and Sena could feel the muscles underneath as she stroked and pressed against Salamacia's body with the sponge.

I'm enjoying this more than I should, Sena realized with a small shock as she cradled one of Salamacia's feet in her lap to wash it. At first, she had just been doing this to be fair, and to return the favor that her wife had done for her. After all, the massage and wash had felt good when she was on the receiving end of it, and it would be mean to deny Salamacia that same pleasure.

Now, she was gaining pleasure from giving Salamacia pleasure. When had that happened? She blushed and kept her gaze down, washing the foot, before setting it aside and washing the other, her mind wandering to when she'd been giving the same treatment to other parts of Salamacia's anatomy.

"There's still a few more parts left for you to wash, sweetling," Salamacia reminded her as she set her foot down.

"I'm not likely to forget," Sena replied before she squeezed the sponge out, and absorbed some fresh water from the bucket. The blonde pulled her knees apart so that Sena could sit in front of her and wash her breasts, and the younger woman scooted forward, closing the distance. Keeping her eyes averted downward, she did not miss the fact that Salamacia was now semi-erect. Not that that was too surprising, Sena mused as she washed one breast, going in firm yet languid circles, hearing Salamacia's sigh of enjoyment. She moved onto the other breast, lingering, cupping the one she'd just abandoned with her free hand.

"Mmm. Yes, that's it. Touch, explore..." Salamacia purred.

"You do have very nice breasts."

A velvety chuckle met her ears, and she felt her chin being pressed upward with a finger. Her eyes met Salamacia's own, the older woman's lips forming a delicate balance between a smile and a smirk.

"About time you paid me a compliment, my dear. I was beginning to wonder if you found me repulsive," Salamacia half-joked.

Sena blushed and quickly shook her head. "No, it's not that. I've always thought you were lovely. Sometimes... I felt a little jealous." In the Silver Isles, vanity was not encouraged, and if any was displayed, was usually met with a swift reminder that beauty faded with age, while character lasted. Nonetheless, there were times when the young Water Mage wished that she had some of the attributes of her more attractive or voluptuous relatives or friends.

"The grass is always greener on the other side, they say," the blonde shot back lightly. "Be glad that you don't have to worry so much about breast bindings and bouncing and jiggling." She lightly tapped the younger woman's nose. "Nonetheless, feel free to enjoy mine anytime you're in the mood. Just tell me, and I'll pop my tits out of whatever I'm wearing."

Unable to hold back the giggle that burst from her chest, Sena looked down again, studying the pair before her. She resumed her ministrations, massaging them even after they'd been sufficiently washed, and Salamacia let out a soft moan, her head lolling back, her shoulders squared as she offered her breasts.

Sena leaned forward to nuzzle them, burying her head between the plump orbs before she felt Salamacia's hands come to rest on her head, running their fingers along her hair. Sena relaxed, staying there for several moments and enjoying this intimate but gentle affection before she pulled back.

"Your bath is not quite complete, my lady."

"Hmm, so it isn't." Salamacia rose to her feet, and Sena pulled herself back to give the other woman room. Sena knew what would happen once she started washing Salamacia there. It was an inevitable consequence, and the younger woman noted that she was eager for it. She eyed the stiff flesh that stood before her, not quite at full erection, but certainly close enough to make its need clear. A bush of neatly-trimmed golden hair surrounded it before segueing to tanned skin that was only a couple of shades lighter than Salamacia's intimate flesh.

She gently touched the sponge against the underside of the older woman's engorged flesh, rubbing slowly to the root of the cock before making its way back to the engorged tip. She'd touched Salamacia a couple of times before, under the older woman's direction, but had been rather passive in bed - and any other places where the Fire Master might decide would be a fun place to have intimate relations.
