 (Inspired by Seduced On The Bridge by Little White Mouse)



Tandy and Sue were on the bridge. They sat on the floor, rubbing their round, pregnant bellies. The creatures had separated the girls, dissolving the bonding mucus. The crustazoids retreated into the air ducts, leaving the girls alone together.

"I never thought I'd get knocked up like this," Sue said, running her hands over her stomach.

"I never thought a lot of things before this happened," said Tandy.

"Can you stand?"

"I think so."

The girls helped each other to their feet. The constant massage by the crustazoids had kept the girls' limbs functional, but standing was still difficult. The moist floor complicated matters. Tandy and Sue staggered to the bulkhead and leaned against the consoles. They examined each other; both were shiny with sweat from the humidity.

"You've got some bush on you," Tandy remarked. Sue's formerly bald pussy had grown a dusting of honey blonde hair.

"You've grown thicker yourself," Sue replied. Tandy's short cut had grown into a dark brown muff.

"Our thing must have gone on awhile," Tandy said.

"So what now?" Sue asked.

"We wait I guess. We can't leave, not with those things running loose; and in our condition, I think it's safer to stay."

Sue rubbed her belly. "Yeah, it feels safe her. I'm just wondering if those 'shrimp' are coming back."

"I think so. They knocked us up, they won't be gone long."

"Yeah. God, that was weird! I never had an experience like that before," Sue remarked.

"I don't think anyone has," Tandy replied.

The girls stood for awhile, listening to the faint hum of the console. Tandy moved close and began to stroke Sue's belly. Sue reciprocated, running her hands along Tandy's hips.

"You think, when this is over, we can try to find out who built this ship so we can go home?" Sue asked.

"How? We can't read the language, don't know a thing about computers, and the people who built this thing are probably not human. They might be just as bad as the things running around the ship, or worse. I think it's better to wait."

Sue was silent for a moment "Well, if we have to stay here, I have an idea how we can pass the time," she said, brushing a strand of hair from Tandy's face.

Now, where was 4782 during all this? The A.I. was in self diagnostic meditation. The ship's self repair systems weren't working as fast or efficiently as hoped (someone, somewhere had cut corners). 

The A.I. scanned the bridge occasionally, to monitor the xenos, but it became increasingly difficult as the humidity began to affect the monitors. The development was most inconvenient. 

The A.I. wished it could remember what to do. The last scan showed that the xeno primates' physical characteristics had altered somewhat. *Interesting* 4782 thought, *I must meditate on this.*

Tandy and Sue passed the time by fully exploring Sue's idea. The crustazoids returned, occasionally, to feed, clean, and groom the girls. Most of the time, Tandy and Sue were left to their own devices.

The girls' bellies and breasts grew large and round. Their melon topped torsos were tender. The girls didn't mind; it enhanced the lovemaking.

"What's that?" Sue asked. Tandy and Sue were pressed together, bellies and boobs mashed tit to tit, rubbing their bodies against each other. White cream welled up between the cracks where their breasts met.

"Ooooh! I think it's milk. We're lactating!" Tandy exclaimed.

Sue cocked an eyebrow; a mischievous smile appeared on her face. She drew back, lowered her lips to Tandy's plumped tit, and began to suck.

"Sue what are you...oooh!" Tandy moaned. She clasped Sue's head and drew her closer. Sue's tongue slid over Tandy's quarter-sized areolas. Her mouth nursed the swollen nipple. "Mmmm," Sue hummed as white milk flowed down her throat.

Tandy stroked Sue's damp hair with one hand and her other milk laden breast with the other. Cream squirted out onto both girls. "Unnngh! Oooo! Unnmm!" Tandy moaned, but in an uncharacteristically subdued ululation. The girls were too preoccupied to notice the subtle change.

When Sue finished, Tandy sucked Sue's breast. Sue's areolas were larger half dollars. She seemed to have more milk than Tandy. White cream flooded into Tandy's mouth and cascaded down the girls' bodies.

The girls indulged in this milk fest, sucking and spraying milk, fingering each other into orgasms until, drenched in sweat, cream, and cum, they collapsed to the floor, gasping.

"Well, it beats that stuff they were feeding us," Tandy gasped.

The girls subsisted on a diet of liquid protein and breast milk while their bellies grew. Soon the girls grew so large, they were forced to sit.

"How long do you think it will take?" Sue asked.

"Not much longer, I think," Tandy replied.

It happened sooner than expected. The girls were across from each other, rubbing their bellies together, when a warm heat bloomed in Tandy's womb. Her belly began to spasm; water gushed from Tandy's pussy, some splashed onto Sue's lap.

"Uh, Tandy?"

"Huff! Huff! Ugh! I...I...know, Sue!"

Instead of backing away, Sue moved to help her friend, only to experience a similar flow from her belly.

"Oh no! Oh! Huff! Huff! Ugh! Tandy!"

"I know, Sue!"

The girls lay back, legs spread, bellies throbbing, gasping and grunting as water poured from their wide open flowers. The water mingled on the glowing white floor.

Tandy and Sue were joined in fluid, ecstatic pain. The young women's bellies throbbed in unison. Hot, wetness was everywhere, from their sweat glistened skin to the spreading puddle beneath them. 

The girls birthed their alien progeny as heaving chests, wobbling breasts, spasming bellies, arching backs, and twitching legs blended into a natal ballet.

"Aaaahh! Arg! Uuughh! Uuughhnn!" howled Tandy.

"Oh! Oh! Oh no! Huff! Huff! Ugh!" gasped Sue.

Tandy and Sue, unable to see each other because of their large bellies, ran their hands over the curves. Tandy felt it first.

"Uugh! Uhhn! Arrg! It's coming Sue! I can feel it in my cunt! Ohhh! Uhnn! It's...It's on my clit! Aaah! It's making me cum!"

"Huff! Huff! Urg! Oh! It's happening to me too, Tandy!"

The girls grunted and strained and moved along the wet floor in pain and pleasure. Sue's hand moved to her breast and squeezed and fondled while the other hand stroked her belly. 

Tandy's body clenched in orgasm. "Aaaow!" she howled. Her pink rose opened in the dark brown muff. A gray-brown chitinous head appeared. There was a wet 'gweeench!' and the creature spilled out of Tandy's cunt in a splash of water, mucus, and cum.

A short time later it was Sue's turn as a crustazoid exited her honey crowned rose. The creatures lay still for a few moments before scuttling off with chirps and chitters. It was just the beginning.

Hours passed as the gasping, moaning young women gave birth to a succession of chittering young crustazoids. As their bellies shrunk, Tandy and Sue were finally able to peer over their breasts.

Tandy had screamed herself hoarse, while Sue was reduced to faint expirations. The girls lay quietly gasping, watching a steady stream of creatures issue forth from their bodies.

The young crustazoids lingered, occasionally scuttling over the women's bodies. The creatures scampered off to the heating ducts, leaving the exhausted women to drift to sleep.

Uncounted hours later, Tandy and Sue woke, drenched with moisture. Their torsos throbbed with a dull ache, stretching from belly to pussy. The two women helped each other to their feet. They staggered to the bulkhead and leaned against it, watching the stars out the window. 

"That was crazy," Sue said.

"Weird," Tandy replied. She looked at her belly, "We have bumps."

"Yeah, we do," Sue said, running her hands over her slightly swollen belly, "Baby bumps. You know Tandy, we're thinner."

Indeed the young women looked more fashion model than cheesecake. "It's that liquid goo those things kept feeding us," said Tandy.

It wasn't a bad look really, more like Kate Moss or Keira Knightly, but the girls missed their curvier bodies.

"Ohhh! I wish we had some food other than 'shrimp' goo. We're stuck here for God knows how long," Sue said.

A panel in the bulkhead lit up. The 'beeps!', 'clicks!', and 'whirrs!' startled the young women. The panel was a flat square; multicolored lights danced across its translucent surface. 

The square detached from the bulkhead to reveal itself as a glass cube. The cube was roughly the size of a suitcase. The girls were very interested in the objects inside, "Food!"

They opened the top to look at the food. The aromas were alien but the girls' mouths watered and their bellies roared. It didn't matter that the food was strange: large red oranges that tasted like pomegranate; soft, brown spheres that turned out to be bread; two baked creatures that looked like giant grasshoppers but tasted like chicken; grapefruit-sized sacs of reddish purple liquid that tasted like cherry juice; and brown twigs that tasted like chocolate but cleaned the girls' teeth and freshened their breath. 

The girls experienced a different kind of ecstasy as, for the first time in uncounted days, their bellies filled with something other than liquid (4782 was satisfied *Well, something has gone right*).

The Nutritional Program, among the other features, was installed with Universal Response. UR was designed to respond to the specific needs of life forms, allowing multispecies sentients to navigate the confines of a ship with little need for xeno-language translation. 

The Nutritional Program was initially geared towards the needs of the animals but 4782 did find a program for sentients; fortunately for Tandy and Sue, SEXES hadn't bothered to remove UR.

It used the information from Xenopedia to program the NP to manufacture foodstuffs, closest to the primates' nutritional needs. The A.I. couldn't find a program for outer coverings, however.

4782 thought it should do something else with the primates but couldn't quite grasp what. The A.I. retreated into meditative mode, ignoring an image of the sentients' home world in Xenopedia.

Tandy and Sue spent the following weeks on the ship's bridge. Thanks to generous feedings from the NR and, uh, certain exercises they performed with each other, the girls' bellies flattened and they regained their curves. Hygienic issues were little trouble, courtesy of regular visits by the crustazoids.

The days were spent in a routine of eating, sleeping, and fucking. The constant heat and humidity kept the girls sweaty and oiled. Sue's honey blonde hair grew to her waist and she acquired a nice golden crown on her pussy. Tandy's dark brown hair grew to her shoulders and her dark muff became a substantial bush. One day the girls were lying side by side, gasping after their latest 'exercise'. 

"Tandy, I'm bored."

"Bored?!! Am I hearing right? We just fucked each other's brains out."

"I know, I know. The sex is great and you're great but...we're stuck in this place and there's nothing else to do."

Scuttle! Scuttle! The girls looked up. The crustazoids were coming out of the ducts. The female was with them...and her sac was bulging.

"Well, I guess it's something," Tandy said.

To Be Concluded.