 The cove echoed with the rising tide. Nameless stood on the outcropping over looking his holdings with a wistful smile. So many changes had befallen this craggy stretch of coastline. Most by his own hand, with a fair bit of magic of course. The seawall held his unseaworthy ships, the island at the end of the bridge a veritable palace, and the surrounding town growing along the cliff top. It would be a full year since he was plucked from the sea by Caldoria with the rise of the morning sun the next day. 

He started back towards the bridge. His thoughts trying to hold his now numerous titles. Master of the Five rings of Magic, Lord of the Demon House Lexus, and Sage of the Empire of Holt. He reached the bridge feeling that none of those held anything compared to being called a father. Crys was on the verge of giving birth. It would be soon. Everyone waited to hear the new child cry. He had asked if she wanting him there but she had refused.

It worried him that she would want to be alone. But as with many races of the mythical breeds, birthing alone was the way of a Gorgon. Word that Caldoria was with child had brought on a grand celebration from the sea clans. It also brought a renewed sense of kinship with those in House Lexus. Nameless stopped at the mid point of the bridge. He could feel his Huntress returning from their raid on the dark cults of the shallow dark. 

Prizma was the only one to step from the ether. Her normally pristine visage was dirty and streaked with multiple bloods. Red, green, and too smaller smugges of black. She steps quickly to take a knee in front of him.

"Lord, it was worse than the reports made it out to be." She says lowering her head.

"Did your party suffer any casualties?" He asks stepping to grab her horn to make her look at him.

"Their are those with wounds. None have fallen, Lord." She says quivering as he watches her eyes.

"See to those with wounds." He says send a mental message to Scelene to ready dark brewed potions for those needing them. "What was it?" 

"They had Horrors. Four of them, fed on flesh. Those we were sent to find had already been fed to the summoned abominations. None survived. We only managed to free three survivors. But even as they live, I fear their minds may have been broken before they made it into the dark places." Prizma reports.

"See to the House and those of it needing healing. Clean yourself and come to the main chambers with your sisters when your duties are complete. Wear nothing." Nameless orders. 

"Yes, Lord." Prizma replies fading back into the ether. 

Too many times he had felt pressed into making a decision, looking back he felt that it was them begging for an answer rather than pressuring him. His power had grown to an unthinkable level by his old thinking but if he wasn't meant to have it, it wouldn't have been given to him. Descending the stairs to the main floor he looked over the collection of nude women that had come to offer themselves to his Lordship in one way or another. Yet one more way his power had changed what he thought to be normal.

"Ladies, line up shoulder to shoulder. It is time to complete the tests for becoming a member of this household." Nameless says with marked authority.

Most of them quickly scamper into a line. Two shuffle markedly slower than the rest, trying to keep themselves hidden behind their arms and hands. He found those two most enjoyable to watch as they reddened knowing he had eyes on them. The others were less selfconscious of their nudity and two others raveled in the lack of attire. 

"What are the reasons I would only meet you without clothing?" Nameless asks looking down the row meeting each woman eye to eye.

"To ensure we are hiding nothing?" A taller dark haired woman answers.

"To see we aren't marked or scarred?" Says one of the others.

"Both of those are correct but not the main reason. My house is not like any other in this realm. A need to be clothed to function in this house could only work against you. Tempis, could you fly down here, dear songstress." Nameless says seemingly to no one.

Most of the women take a step back when Tempis glides to Nameless's side. Much to his delight neither of the shy ones flinch at seeing the siren. Though keeping as hidden as they can they have no fear of another nude, yet winged, woman entering the room. He waves for his three Huntress to step out of the ether in all of their nude glory.

"My Huntress, members of House Lexus. Show these women the truth of Lexus. Take down your guises and reveal your true forms." Nameless says keeping watch on the shy ones first.

Prizma, Chareese, and Jezabell bow their heads and let their guise drop. Two of the women scamper back almost to the wall as the demon huntress bare their wings and horns. He smiles that the shy ones reveal more of themselves and watch in wonder as the huntress flex their wings before draping them over their shoulders. Neither has retreated a step.

"You two," Pointing at the ones that retreated most, "Can go. Climb the stairs and don your clothing. The house of Nameless isn't for the timid or the faint of heart. The rest of you step forward. Omneu step forward and check their souls. See that they are undamaged or marked by anything else." 

Three of the remaining seven have a visibly enjoyable reaction to seeing the devil Omneu step from the ether clad only in loin cloth. Their nipples becoming hard adding proof to the glistening labia of their pussies. He steps behind them and walks down the line, stopping behind each one for but a moment. 

"All have unmarked souls, Lord. There are two that a darker than normal and one that has been wounded. It has healed but not completely." Omneu says.

"Which is the wounded, point her out." Nameless says with a degree of concern.

Omneu points to a one of the younger ladies with light blond hair. She doesn't appear to be an age or build to have bore a child. Her curves are pleasing and breasts are shapely enough to be note worthy. Nameless notes she has a few old scars. Small and not of a type one would get from being a slave or prisoner. 

"Who did you lose?" Nameless asks the girl gently.

"My twin sister, Lord. The ship on which we traveled was befouled by storm and besieged by pirates. We were cast adrift by the Captain as a way of keeping us from the pirates lecherousness. We rowed towards the shore not knowing there were reefs. When we reached the breakers the boat was over turned. I was cut up but she never surfaced. Not living anyway. Her body washed ashore the following morning. I haven't really felt whole since that day." She says.

Nameless listened to her story but watched the reactions of the other women. The shy ones looked on the verge of tears but no longer hid their bodies. One may have not heard a single word as her attention was fixed on Omneu's loin cloth. Nameless nods and takes the girls hand. He takes her over to stand with the two shy ones. 

"You three will be given an unusual offer. Follow Tempis to my library to wait for me." His says to them softly. 

"Yes Nameless, your Library. That's the book room?" Tempis asks.

"Yes, silly sexy siren." Nameless says swatting her ass.

The three women tilt their heads with a wistful look as Tempis giggles. The other four stand straighter as Nameless turns a cold stare back at them. Omneu backs away from them as do the huntress. Nameless feeds power into his aura from the crystal tree in the ceiling. He stops when the first one whimpers. Reversing the flow to return the feral energy to crystal tree. 

"What do you bring to my house? What skills do you hold besides use of your flesh by those that would have you in their beds? You have shown a level of fearlessness that would earn you a place here but only if you bring something other than open legs. I have no need for fluzy cum catchers. Show of hands. Do you sew, mend clothing, cook, launder soiled garments and bedding." Nameless asks as all raise their hands. 

Nameless steps in front of the first woman in line, "What dishes do you cook?" He asks.

"I am a fair baker of breads and cakes." She answers.

"And a fair set of breasts you wield." Nameless says reaching out and fondling them. 

"Thank you, Lord" She squeaks in a pitch twice higher than her normal speaking voice.

Letting go he steps in front of the, drooling over Omneu, woman, "And you have skills doing?" He asks.

She pushes her chest at him, "I am a skilled seamstress." she coos.

He steps back and bares the blood chain tentacles, "Can you do something to keep these warm." 

All four women gasp, but seem unable to speak.

"Ladies, I am a magic wielder, land holder in the kingdom of Holt, Lord of a Demon House, and Consort to the Mermaid Queen. The girlish games will not impress me. Bragging will only try my patience and make me call my succubus to make you prove it. I only want to make a place suitable for the Royal couple to visit." Nameless says.

"Royal couple?" The dark haired woman on the end asks.

"Yes, many important people from any number of countries, dark enclave, or ring of hell may walk down those stairs to seek an audience. I have beings that thrive on sex, eat souls, and devour minds already in my household. What I need is strong women to take care of the day to day chores of a manor that I don't have time or magic to do myself." Nameless says retracting the chains.

"Then why strip us naked and grab her boobs?" The drooler asks.

"Because of all those things. If some one or thing goes astray, having my staff hiding in a corner because they lost their shirt, won't happen. If there is some question of your loyalty to this house and as a show of trust I ask you all to remove your clothing? Will you follow my instructions or freeze up like little prissy rich girls?" I ask.

"But we want attention. Ok I want attention." The devil hungry one says. 

"There are plenty of males available for that kind of attention." Nameless says gesturing towards the crowd of mermen looking them over from the water in the cove. "And one rule of the house is no getting knocked up. I am the last person to say no sex, but be reasonable and take care of yourselves. A sizable salary comes with service to this house. But it also comes with dangers to your mind, heart, and life. I can keep you safe as far as you will let me." 

"Why are there no male staff?" The quietest one asks.

"Finally, a good question. The mother of my soon to be first born is a Gorgon. Her powers do not work on women. I will have male staff but they will not set foot on this side of the bridge without good reason and an escort. I have enough statues already." Nameless says pointing over at the seawall where Crys collection is standing.

"Are those really people?" One of the asks in a shaky voice. 

"Everyone of them." Nameless says, "You have a choice to make. If you choose to stay, you will answer to Oasis, Mistress of the House. I have other matters to get to so direct questions to her. Huntress come along."

The women watch as the three powerful demon women fall in step behind him. Oasis steps forward and introduces herself to all of their amazement, seeing she is human and just as nude. Nameless climbs the stairs to his research library and study. Scelene bows as Tempis bounces over to kiss his cheek before stepping out on the balcony and taking to wing. 

"Scelene, how are things going up here?" Nameless asks.

"They are interested. I haven't told them the last parts but you instructed me not to so the floor is yours my Lord." Scelene says.

"Do they meet the requirement?" Nameless asks stepping in front of them.

"Yes, Lord." Scelene says bowing again.

"Stay. Ladies, I am flattered that all of you would give your virtue to me. I however will not be taking it. It is yours and I would not be a husband to any of you. That said I will ask that you share yourselves with my Huntress." Nameless says gesturing to the demoness standing at the other side of the room.

"I can't be with a woman like that. I find it sickening." One of then says making no attempt to cover herself now. The others stay silent but nod agreement with her words.

"Ladies, Scelene has spoken to you. She has touched your minds, gently, politely, and all of you have strong wills. She wears clothing. Does that not give rise to any questions. It should because she is my darkest secret. I will admit to the king I am a demon Lord, I will admit to another demon Lord I lay with a fish woman. Forgoing the fact she is a Queen of Mer-folk just to turn up their noses. But I will share with you what I will tell only the most trusted of my house. Scelene your ring." Nameless says holding his hand to her. 

"Yes, lord." She says before taking off the ring and setting it in his hand.

Her face changes, body reforms, and the true Illithid shape of her stands at his shoulder. The three of them recoil from them half a step. Nameless hands the ring back and once returned to her finger her shape shifting is returned to the alluring woman they have spoken to. Nameless walks to his private wine rack and takes down a bottle.

"I am not asking that you have sex or sleep with my huntress. I am asking that you be their vessels." He starts to explain as he opens the wine, "My Huntress travel far to hunt those I deem a hazard to the Empire, Crown, life in general. There are times I need to see what they see, but have no way of going myself. A crystal ball can only do so much." 

"Is this the oracle thing you spoke of Scelene?" The living twin asks.

She nods, Nameless fills four glasses before continuing, "As Scelene said, you would be oracle to a huntress. You would be a living link to them for me. As a demon lord I could make this link myself but they would be hurt by my doing so. If they link to one of you, they would be unharmed and you would be guarded by their aura. At the end of your service your virtue will still be yours to bestow on a worthy mate and your choice of socially well off would be greater. As would the treasury I would bestow on you for doing this service to my house." 

"But that seems unbelievable, what's the catch?" the living twin asks.

"You would feel what they feel when linked. Pleasure and pain. You can't be wounded or deflowered by it but the sensations would all be there. It would also require you to drink a drop of blood from one of the huntress. Not mixed in wine or hidden in food. Fresh from the tip of a pricked finger to your tongue. I have read this is very pleasurable for one so gifted. Omneu is a soul reaper and Scelene an Illithid. You health and soul will be guarded for as long as you are oracle, and a friend of House Nameless is one for life. If in twenty years you need help. We will be there to help. But I will not hold you in a life of servitude for the rest of your lives either. Three to five years if you wish to serve longer but no more. In return 10,000 crowns a year and a life time of friendship from a house of many realms and powerful members." He says handing each of them a glass of sweet red wine.

"Won't a demons blood change us?" One asks.

"That is what limits how long you can be an oracle." Omneu says.

"We, Omneu and I will keep watch over your bodies and souls. I am an alchemist and can reverse the affects before they endanger your health or soul." Scelene says.

"And as you are agreeing to this union, and they aren't forcing they wills over you, the usual damages inflicted will be minimized to near nothing if not completely eliminated. You will gain enhanced sight and hearing, those effects will be semipermanent. Meaning even after you take the potion to give up the oracle power, your eyesight and hearing will be markedly better than that of a normal human." Nameless says finishing his wine in one swallow. 

"Nameless, Crys wants to see you, now." Nix says visibly shaken.

"Ladies, think it over. I have an important matter to see to at this moment." Nameless says already walking towards the stairs.

Ne makes his way quickly to Crys quarters. The door is open a crack and mewing of a baby can be heard coming from behind it. He opens the door to find Crys lounging on her bed nursing a baby. Her eyes meet his and she moves the baby's sheet to show him it's his son. His mind tilts. Gorgon don't bare male Gorgon, she smiles seeing his confusion.

"Your son is a Meader, male Gorgon. He will have powers such as yours. To and from stone. He will not be held to gender as Gorgon. He will not gain his eyes for seven years. You will have to give him guidance and a code of family to follow. I would ask you what name should we give our son?" Crys says with the sweetest of smiles.

Nameless steps quickly to her bed and kisses her passionately. "I didn't think of any names for boys. Guess I should have. I will find a proper name for our son. He is beautiful, like his mother." 

"He is a little fiend like his father. I need a little taste myself soon. But once he sleeps I need rest. Will you come to us after the sun sets?" She asks.

"I will come to you whenever you need, sweet Gorgon." Nameless says brushing her hair from her face and kissing her again. 

"Take care of the house. Come to me after sunset and bring meat and cock. Cock being the more important of the two." She purrs.

"I understand. I'll make sure to be ready for that." Nameless says before caressing her cheek and heading for the door.

Nix is waiting on the other side, "She had a boy?" 

"Yeah, imagine that. Paint me happy, confuse, and in need of a good name for my son." He answers.

"Does this change the plans?" Nix asks.

"Not in the least. It means we need to get it done and be ready for any would be freaks wanting to make a name by stealing my child. How is Renee doing with the new armor?" Nameless asks.

"She hardly looks like the alu-fiend you brought back with you. Hell, she makes me wet just watching her. You sure she's goblin blood?" Nix asks fidgeting.

"Yes she's goblin blood, with a little Nameless magic body sculpting. She really makes you wet? Thought your Nixie blood was all about getting a man." Nameless asks heading back up the stairs.

"This from the freak that got a cock whore angel addicted to sucking drow woman cock. Sometimes I think you just walk the world to bring about sexual chaos. What you going to do for your next trick? Stripper trolls with big weepy tits that make men slaves at a taste of their milk?" Nix asks sarcastically.

"Why waste all the time. I have succubus and you." Nameless says grinning.

"You fucking asshole." She says.

"Careful, get to bitchy, I'll chain fuck you stupid." He threatens.

"Tried that, you didn't do it right." Nix says turning to the main room flashing him her ass.

"You're just that strong. I loved it and so did you puddle slut." He sneers back at her.

She hisses at him getting a laugh from Oasis. "You shut up." She complains getting another laugh.

Stepping back in the library all the women have agreed to be oracle. Omneu has them paired off and standing in a ritual bonding circle. Each pair in a smaller circle within the larger one. The Crystal ball stands in the center and the huntress stand behind their oracle wrapping her wings around the woman in front of her. The only part of the ritual missing is Nameless himself. 

He steps to the crystal ball placing his hands on it. Calling down his feral power from the crystalline tree in the ceiling and powers the bonding glyph on the floor. The huntress poke their finger with their thumbnail and give a drop of blood to their oracle. The reactions are rapid. He sends forth his chains and stuffs the snatches of the huntress. The huntress race to orgasm, feeding those sensations to the oracle in their arms. Each pair orgasms in unison holding each other to stay standing. 

