 House of Nameless: Mage's Tale continues.

Scelene smirked as the oracle settled onto the seats provided. Their comments on how 'outhouse-ish' they looked only adding to Scelene''s amusement. All of the oracle had been through the visual assault, seeing bodies, the grotesque scenes of hell, and witness to slaving by the Huntress as if it were by their own hand. All had felt the sting of the lash on their Huntress and bore it well. But the final part of this indoctrination was feeling their Huntress's pleasure.

Scelene knew how much pleasure a Huntress felt in her exploits. And these were virgin girls. Omneu urged a little more expedience it the preparation. Noting that a Huntress having tasted the lash is going to be aggressive in her fulfillment of her bodies want of pleasure. And the longer they were held back the more overwhelming it could be for the oracle. Scelene understood what Omneu feared but took a perverse pleasure in letting the virgins dawdle. 

"Prepare, it's is going to begin." Scelene says signaling mentally to the Huntress to take their pleasure.

The huntress, having danced for the Grelask, had their cocks standing hard. So when the huntress straddled them it was scant moments before they impaled themselves on on the thick throbbing cocks. And it wasn't gentle, dropping the blazing cunnies balls deep on the thick meat. 

"Oh, gods." Anna breathed as her body reacted.

Katie whimpered as her body overwhelmed relieved itself trying to compensate for the stuffed sensation. The other two were not long to follow as the sensations triggered the same response in them. The huntress were somewhat metered giving the oracles time to acclimate before taking more. But they didn't deny themselves. Each calling over a second lover to push their think cock in their slick backsides. 

Omneu white knuckled the door frame as he kept watch over them. Scelene touched his mind gently. He was fighting the instinct to claim these virgins. The scent of their flowing nectars had his cock painfully erect. She dropped to her knees and took it in her mouth. In moments his think hot seed flowed into her mouth in volume. The release eased the torment but did little to tame the throbbing organ. 

"I wouldn't have asked that of you." Omneu says.

"Didn't have to. Hard cock needs to be sucked." She replies licking it again making him groan.

The virgin oracle moaned as more juices flowed ever more steadily from the puffy little twat. All had hard nipples on their breasts as they humped rhythmically as their huntress were doing. As little droplets of milk seeped from Letsa's ridged nips something in Omneu came unraveled. Scelene was pushed aside as the devil stepped toward the pleasure blind oracle. Scelene mental held him still and called for Conium and Oasis. 

"Let me go now or when I am free I will rip one of your arms off and fuck you to death with it." Omneu growled venomously.

The succubus step from the ether and wraps her sweaty body around Omneu. Her pheromones take affect quick enough, pulling his attention from the oracle to Conium. She purrs and mews coaxing him to the floor where like the huntress, impales herself. He grabs her hips grinding his thick member even harder in her slick pussy. Oasis steps in the room tilting her head in confusion.

"Sit on his face." Scelene hisses before giving Oasis a shove towards them.

"Omneu, more pussy for you." Conium purrs beckoning Oasis with her finger.

Oasis knees over Omneu's face. The devil breaths in her scent and delves his tongue into her pink passage. Oasis gasps and Conium slides the tip of her tail into Oasis's mouth.

"Please suck it. It will help keep him tame and pleasurable for you and me." Conium whispers in her ear. 

Oasis moans agreeably and sucks her tail aggressively making the succubus orgasm twice over, releasing passivity pheromones into the room. Unprepared for this Scelene hold or her metal blocks weaver and she is flooded with waves of orgasmic pleasure from multiple sources. Her eyes roll back and she slumps to the floor moaning herself. Scelene pushes fingers in her pussy and ass in a vain attempt to regain her mental balance. 

"What do you think your doing?" Nameless growls.

"Fuck me, please fuck me." Scelene begs.

Dragging her off the floor he pushes her against the wall and holds her there by her arms. In seconds a dildo is deep in her snatch and another squirming in her ass. He puts his forehead to hers and locks eyes with her. He holds her metal image as a focus and pounds the cold blooded Illithid. Not adding magic or feral energy. He wills her closed to everyone else, pushing her body to feel it's own orgasm. Her eyes tear as the wave of pleasure only she can feel rolls through her aching body.

"Build on that pleasure and keep your focus." Nameless says gently.

"I didn't mean to." She whimpers sending the scene of Omneu loosing control. 

"I understood that already. No need to apologize. But taking them down before the bruise up would be polite." Nameless says point at the panting oracle.

She nods and Conium gushes all over Omneu's cock triggering Oasis gushing all over his face. Must work for him cause Omneu grabs Conium's hips as he goes ridged in orgasm as well. The females fall to the side holding each other as the quiver in prolonged orgasm. Omneu freezes in fear as Nameless looks down. Nameless grins and says nothing before walking from the room. 

"Thank you Scelene. I will find an appropriate way of showing my gratitude." He says.

"Yeah, well, I think we both just got lucky." She admits helping the oracle out of their restraints.

Nameless snickers hearing the exchange as he makes his way to the kitchen. Tempis flitters around dressing salads and plated flanks of tune. She stops to look over and give him a sweet smile. Her nesting habits have increased with Derius's birth. Siren are a family clan so it makes sense that if one has a child all would have the urge to care for it. Being knocked up herself is just compounding the drives. He didn't know if it meant he was lucky or doomed. 

"You look lovely this morning." Nameless says caressing her round bottom.

"Had a little fun with some nosey twerps early this morning." Tempis chirps.

"How so?" He says snitching a tomato from a salad.

"I sang them stupid. Their chasing after their horses to fuck them in the ass." She says.

"Rude, what those horses ever do?" Nameless asks in mock horror.

"Kick when someone tries too grab their ass like that." She giggles.

"Glad you're on my side." Nameless says walking toward the stairs.

"She's not coming to the surface today. You'll have to swim down if you want to talk." Tempis calls to him.

"And how do you know this?" He asks coming to a halt.

"Atlantia brought word just before sun up." She says.

"Wait, where are the new house staff girls?" He asks looking around.

"Jema is up doing the floors in your room. Cali and Mena are out doing the linens. Paula is helping Eve and Uni clean the guest rooms and the rest of the ship. It smells like sex a mildew." She says.

"There's that I guess. Why so many plates?" He asks stepping toward the other staircase.

"Company's coming!" She announces happily. "They'll be here in just under an hour."

"What? Who?" He asks in a panic stopping in his tracks again.

"Strike and wife, Valkyre and some other bitch. Should be a hoot." She says going back to dressing the plates. 

"This should get interesting fast. Yeah, a real hoot." He mumbles before heading up stairs instead of down. 

As he reaches the top of the stairs, Jema is on all fours hand washing the floor with wet and dry towels. She is nude save bracelets on her wrists and ankles. Stepping into the room Nix is reclined on one of the lounges watching the girl work playfully. This doesn't stop when he is seen only a nod at her up turned bottom from Nix before she giggles.

"Jema, why are you on the floor like that?" he asks as Nix giggles louder.

"Polishing, Lord. Keeping the salt air from hazing it means only a small section can be done at a time." Jema says.

"Who said this was important?" He asks. 

"Lady Scelene gave me the polish and Lady Cross said she wanted to see her pussy in the reflection to make sure she was really turned on. Not being tricked by Lady Scelene again." Jema says as Nix laughs gently.

"When will the curtains and sheets be back on beds or rod?" Nameless asks opening the cloak closet.

"They should bed taking the wash down now. Half hour maybe Lord." Jema says.

"Noting her arousal in the floors reflection, "Well continue, your efforts are well done so far. Finish with as much attention to detail as you have shown so far. Thank you." He says getting a bigger grin from Nix. "Valkyre's on her way here. Anything I should know, miss Envoy?" 

"Rumors of the King and Queen taking liberties with children have started running through capital. The Lady Adelbrook seems to be rattling cages again." Nix says.

"That what she changed her name to this time? What are the intentions of the Royals?" Nameless asks.

"I don't know. More to the point I don't think they know." Nix says. 

"Stare any harder and you're going to start drooling." Nameless cautions Nix.

"I find her attractive. And with the change in atmosphere, a friend like her might be one worth having. You have only yourself to blame." Nix says waging her finger at him.

"How is it my fault she is desirable to you?" Nameless asks seeing Jema slow in her work.

"Making all those babies. When you and I can't make one." Nix says leaning back to display her body.

"And this makes women appealing, why?" He asks almost afraid of the answer.

"You're the only man I want. But you have duties to the mothers of your children. The urges will need to be sated somehow. I won't hurt her. Or take her if she doesn't want to. I would very much like to with you watching, like you were going to do to Unisilix. If we weren't toxic to each other Conium and I would have put on the show for the house in her place." Nix says sliding two finger in her drippy love hole with a moan. Jema's eyes are fixed on the Nixie playing with herself.

"Maybe another time. Let her finish her work. She is obviously curious." Nameless says as Jema turns bright red. 

"I've heard that before. Glad I know you're a man of your word." Nix says eying Jema.

Nameless nods heading back down the stairs. Nameless gets to the foot of the stairs Omneu is standing there disheveled holding his water breathing ring. He takes the ring and slides it on his finger.

"I challenge has been made." Omneu says.

"Let Enigmus know." Nameless says stepping towards the cove.

"It is to you personally. It's from another Lord. He can't stand for you." Omneu says.

"Let me see it." He says holding his hand to the devil.

The devil hands them over, "Their House Lord questions your resolve as a Demon."

Nameless reads the challenge, "I take it this Lord is waiting."

"In the arena. Lucifer is in attendance as a the other four Grand Lords." Omneu says.

"You have been busy all morning. How do you know this?" Nameless asks handing the parchment bask to the devil. 

"The messengers wouldn't shut up about it." Omneu says.

"How many messengers did they send?" Nameless asks pulling the ring back off.

"Three and a dozen guards." Omneu says. 

"They most really want me to show up. Go throw water on the Huntress and the Grelask. Make sure they're fully armed and armored. I will get myself ready." Nameless says heading back up stairs.

Pulling on his armor Nix realizes more is going on than anything her flirting is going to distract from. Armor and weapons in place he steps into the ether. He steps back out in front of Enigmus. Channeling from the crystal tree he begins augmenting his powers and equipment.

"There is a challenge Lord?" Enigmus asks.

"Lord to Lord. Bring the House Axes and don your armor. I would have you as my personal guard. Are the rings on your horns fully charged?" Nameless asks watching the Balor get to his feet.

"Yes Lord." He answers.

"The nature of the challenge is fitness to be a Lord. Have you heard of such a challenge before?" He asks the demon Gladiator. 

"No, Lord. If you are a Lord, how could they question it. You defeated a House before a Judge. What more is there to prove?" Enigmus saks taking up the great axes of House Lexus.

"We shall see. Huntress!" Nameless growls for them as the feral energy begins to reach an uncomfortable level of the mortal realm.

"Sorry, Lord. We were..." Prizma starts to say.

"I am fully aware. Bring your guard and gear. I am not worried how it looks it you are carrying it instead of wearing it. I just want you there if things turn dishonest." Nameless says painting the the gate glyph in the air at the cliffs base.

Once the gate opens Nameless steps through with Enigmus at his back. Stepping from the gate in the arena he opens his feral aura to announce his arrival then folds it into armoring. The arena rises to an excited howl. He turns to look who sit in the Judges position, it's Lucifer himself. Nameless bows in respect then turns to see his challenger. She a fucking totally nude tall horned Arch-Demoness.

"You are nothing to look at. This will take no effort at all." She says flippantly. 

"Your lack of decorum is yet more proof that the Houses of Hell are nothing to fear." Nameless says.

"You self righteous monkey." She spits throwing hell fire over him.

It folds around his armor. Stepping towards her Nameless starts catching her fire and spinning it into a ball. He growls an ancient feral spell pulling even more flames from her. She cusses venomously at him. He halts the pull and compacts the stolen hellfire into a small jewel. He turns his back to her and beckons Enigmus to take a knee before him. 

"You dare turn your back to me!!" The Demoness screams.

"You have yet to address me, voice your challenge, or show proper acknowledgment to the Judge of this arena. You attack me and fail, so you piss and moan about me turning my back on you. I dare you to raise a hand against me." Nameless states coldly as he sets the newly formed gem on Enigmus's faceplate.

She hisses a feral spell of binding. Nameless ignores her and lets the spell grab tightly to him. It impedes his work slightly but to her disbelief, he's still moving. Nameless looks over and Lucifer is rolling on the ground laughing his ass off. 

"Do you mind? Really Lord Lucifer? How am I going to hear the challenge with you being so loud!" Nameless says turning back to face the Arch-Demoness.

"How? There is no defense to that spell!" She barks.

"That's two. Raise your hand at me again and challenge or no, I'll fuck you up royally." Nameless states flatly. 

Her fury deafens her to all he had just said. A rapid crackle and flash of lightning as she calls weapons to her hands. Nameless grins stepping to face her. She growls raising the lightning blade over her head. Nameless unleashes the chains. Three arch in a shielding motion but hold contact with the fourth which he whipped wide. The fourth dildo wielding chain stabbed deeply in her uptight ass. Her astonished face was quickly replaced with terror when the lightning sword hit the other chains. The voltage ran the chains right up her ass.

Stepping to the side Nameless grasped her throat before sweeping the back of her legs dropping her to her knees. With the momentum of her own body weight, he drives her backwards, which sinks her horns deeply into the ground. Before she has much of a chance he swings her arms over her head and stands on her hands. The fear in her eyes brings an evil grin to his face and even darker thought to mind. He stands up straight, whips out his pecker, and pisses on her. 

"Compared to me, this is all you deserve in the way of my attention." Nameless hisses.

"That is quite enough, Lord Nameless. Release her!" Lucifer says.

"If this had been a challenge properly waged I'd listen to you. But since this piss pot attacked without making the challenge or setting terms, I can do what I want with this defeated bitch." He growls back at Lucifer. 

"I relent Lord Nameless." She groans.

"I should snap your horns." Nameless says leaning down grabbing the back of her head and pulling her horns free. With a gentle shove she then falls to the side but makes no attempt to stand. 

Lucifer jumps down and walks closer to Nameless, "To some breeds of demon, pissing on a female is a step in courtship. You're marking your territory." 

"Do you feel claimed or shamed, ill mannered bitch. You never even told me your name." Nameless says snapping the chains loudly before tucking them away.

"Yes, my Lord." She answers meekly.

"See." Lucifer says before returning to his rolling laughter.

Nameless looks down at the demoness. She huddles on the ground like a newly claimed slave or unwillingly deflowered virgin. Looking at the Huntress, all three are panting, and look eager to be thrown down. A scan of the crowd gives him proof that, evil thought he maybe, Lucifer was giving him truthful advice. A fair number of female demons watching had wanton looks for him. 

"This is fucking ridiculous." He mumbles, "Are there any others legitimate challengers?"

When none step forward, "Bring her." He growls to Enigmus.

Nameless opens the feral gate back to the Nameless Isle. The Balor grabs the Arch-Demoness dragging her to her feet. The Gladiator's growing member plainly evident to the defeated demoness. With no other word say he orders his warriors through the gate. He takes one final glance at Lucifer still laughing mirthfully on the ground before stepping into the gate himself. 

Only two steps out of the gate, "You peed on her? You'll pee on me before I go to any Siren gatherings won't you?" Tempis asks.

"Yes, I will. Don't want those other Siren thinking you're some vagabond." Nameless says knowing full well the Siren are far more scent sensitive then others. 

"Thank you, Lord PleasurUsness." She says caressing her body alluringly. "Oh, Strike and the horny elf women are on the cliff top." 

A chuckle looking over at the arch demoness before heading for the stairs. As he starts across the bridge The new face in the group is one he recognizes. It's the Dryad! Nameless holds a small amount of his feral power but dumps the rest back into the crystal tree. Valkyre gives him an unreadable look before eying him hungrily.

"You ain't been back in a while. I was starting to worry." Valkyre says huskily.

"Yeah having a baby and two on the way cramp the rutting date book." Nameless says.

"I seek sanctuary!" The Dryad blurts stepping quickly to face him.

"How have you come to be here?" Nameless asks.

"Potion, and the affects only have two more days. If she doesn't have a place by then, she die." Strike says looking a bit battle tossed.

"A few of the Dark seek her sap. They want to bleed her to get petrification potion. Since hers works on demons and devils alike. You can guess what's been lining up." Stillet adds.

"What about the town that she was next too?" Nameless asks.

"They wanted me gone as well. All the attacks and beyond vile visitors." The Dryad says.

"Walk with me, you three stay here. Scelene will by over to escort you into the villa." Nameless says.

They walk out to the clear water lake. Nameless gestures widely over the area. She doesn't register the he is giving her leave to claim ground at the lake side. He tells her to claim a place and she all but falls to tears.

"Don't disturb the ring of trees there. Be sociable with the Nixie the pass this way. Some of them have mothered children of my seed. That story is a longer one. When they are of age, my other children will play and swim here. You will as a courtesy aid in watching over them. I will keep your being here hidden and will guard you from any that could track you here by other means. That said, you will tell me your true name and become a member of House Nameless. Is this agreeable to you?" Nameless says trying to be kind but holding an air of business in his voice.
