 Sisters – Part 1

A Tale from Skyra

by T. J. Skywind

Location: Sargossa, seaport on the Great Northern Ocean, easternmost member of Northumbrian Confederacy, east of Cedardale and the Starfall Mountains

Date: June 1999

Note: Dayanna Sorena is a young girl. While her body is twelve, she is one-quarter elven and maturing at a slower rate than full humans. 

Warning: story ends with sexual violence.

* * * * *

Twelve-year old Dayanna Sorena raced outside the temple doors into the warm June day. After three months of advanced survival training, she was eager to go home with her grandfather. Spying him through the milling crowds of parents and peers, the small girl ran headlong to his waiting arms.

"Babba!" she laughed, her grey eyes sparkling. "I got first marks!"

Aelfin scooped her up into his arms, hugging her light frame tightly. "Of course you did, Little One. You are my Granddaughter, are you not?" Kneeling, he brushed wayward raven locks from her face, happy that she was back in his care. The ten weeks of training had felt like ages. "Your mother and father would have been proud of you."

"You think so? Babba, I missed you so much! Brother Rayan says if I work hard, I might be able to serve the Lawgiver as a church knight! He said I can apply right after I pass my Rite of Adulthood."

Aelfin set her down gently, frowning. "Dayanna, you are one-quarter elf! The blood--"

"Babba, you already told me about the debt-pledge to House Sorena."

"I'm talking about aging, not marriage." Aelfin sighed. "Humans live at most six score years, a few a bit longer. Because of me, Little One, because I married your grandmother, you will see three or four centuries of life, maybe more! And a longer life means it will take you longer to become a woman. And yes, some humans reach maturity as young as twelve, but they have parents with money or skill to provide healthy, regular diets. Your mother didn't become a maiden until her thirtieth year. You may be twelve, but you have many years of childhood yet." He lifted her chin. "Did you meet a few boys you'd like to know better?"

Flushing, Dayanna gave a nod. A sea breeze played with her loose curls.

"I thought so. You are so like your mother and grandmother -- headstrong and always in a hurry to get things done. By the time you are mature enough for your church ritual, most of those boys you met will be long wed and have established families. We both have a problem, my love. For you, it will be waiting while the humans around you grow older and pass you by. For me, it is watching how fast the years mark you. To me, but a few days ago you were a babe in the arms of your mother, Brianna. Both of your parents loved you so much, dear heart." Aelfin caressed her cheek, then held out his hand. Dayanna clasped it, and he smiled down at her. "Come, my beautiful girl! Everyone is celebrating their success. How can we do less? Let's go shopping!"

"Can we go to the Drunken Giant first, Babba?"

"What?" Aelfin drew back in mock surprise. "Twelve years old and already seeking your cups? I am shocked! Shocked, I tell you!"

Dayanna giggled. "I just want to see Beri!"

Grinning, Aelfin nodded. "Now that is a good reason! One must be true to your friends. We will visit them first. If her mother allows, you may invite Beri to join our shopping trip. And, if you wish, we can afford for you to get her one or two things."

"Really? Oh, thank you, Babba!"

It took an hour to traverse the many streets from the temple compounds to the merchant quarter, and then to reach the large, three-storied inn. The commons bustled with the lunch crowd. Chloe Silvanos, bartender and half-owner of the Drunken Giant, spied their entry. Waving to them, she pointed to a small table near the bar where Chloe's daughter toiled at her schoolwork. Written in three languages was a sign that said, "Reserved." Beryl Silvanos had corn-silk hair and large blue eyes, and showed every sign of one day being as tall, angular, and wiry strong as her mother.

As they sat down on the bench beside her, Beri looked up, surprised. "You're here! You're really here!" She jumped up and hugged Dayanna, kissing her cheek. "I have missed you!"

Dayanna gave back as good as she got, delighted to see her best friend. "Of course, we are here, silly. I wouldn't feel right going home without seeing you first!"

Chloe hobbled from behind the bar, her awkward gait and the odd twist in her left arm the result of the Bending Sickness many years earlier. Seeing the waitress Jocelyn approach, Chloe shooed her away; she wanted to wait on her guests herself. Well used to her mistress, Jocelyn patiently hovered nearby. Chloe beamed at Aelfin and Dayanna. "Good to see you, Aelfin. You don't come here often enough. What can I get for you and the young Princess?"

The elf smiled. "Your kind words honor us. What would you suggest?"

"Well, the last batch of coneys we got in seem a little tough. We'll probably stew the rest tonight. There's trout and sea bass that's reasonably fresh off the docks. We've venison steak and pie, and of course, there's the house mulligan that I'd swear has been cooking, in one form or another, since before Prometheus was chained on the mountain. There's more, but I recall you prefer wild meat."

He nodded appreciatively. "Venison pie for us both, Good Lady."

"Perfect choice. What would you like to slake your thirst?"

"Jasmine tea, if you have it. Otherwise, rosehip or chamomile will do as nicely. Cider for Dayanna, I think?" Dayanna nodded her acceptance to her grandfather. "Yes, cider for her. Thank you."

Chloe passed the order to Jocelyn, then sighed as she settled onto a bench. Beri looked up hopefully at her mother. Chloe glanced at them both, then waving her hand dismissively, trying not to grin at their exuberance. Beri bounced to her feet and collected her books.

Dayanna touched her grandfather's hand. "Can we go to Beri's room?"

"Of course. Friends should have private time together. Just don't forget a meal will be here soon."

"Thank you, Babba!" A quick kiss to his cheek, and the girls dashed through the crowded room and upstairs as fast as their legs could carry them. Aelfin watched them with amusement. Then, with concern, he asked, "How are you doing, Captain?"

Before becoming an innkeeper, before the Bending Sickness warped her body, the Amazon had served in the army of Sargossa. "My body is aging faster than my head, I'm afraid. Melitihia stopped by last week. The priestess told me I have arthritis and then she cured me. Refused payment for the healing. Again. Says it's already taken care of." Chloe looked intently at Aelfin. The elf smiled to himself. He already had Melithia's newest leather boots completed. Chloe had her suspicions, but could get nothing from either Aelfin or Melithia. She continued. "Melithia apologized once again because fixing my crippled body is beyond her. As if I'd hold her to blame! It's beyond every priest in Sargossa. She told me the arthritis will be back in a couple of years. Without such good friends, it would be worse. Much worse." She looked meaningfully at Aelfin. "Enough about me. Need I ask how she did?"

"I spoke with a few priests before they released the students. They called her exceptional."

"You don't seem terribly happy about it. She's a bright girl, quick on her feet, a good eye, and fearless. She'll be a fine warrior. Maybe even as good as her mother, Brianna."

He sighed. "One of the warrior monks has encouraged her to become a paladin in the church. I don't doubt her talents, her skill, or even her character. I worry only that she's trying to grow too fast."

Jocelyn brought a steaming pot of tea and cup for Aelfin, a stein for Chloe, and just as briskly, moved on to her next table. Chloe took a deep drink and smacked her lips. "Good beer, and even better that it's cold. Children growing up is the way of the world, my friend. It's what they do. By all accounts, Brianna was also exceptional, and you raised her on your own. This isn't new stuff to you."

Aelfin looked up sharply, then away. He picked up a spoon and stirred his tea absently. "Believe me, I am well aware of mortality. If anything, I fear what lies ahead for her. Though both died too young, Brianna and her mother were both great warriors. We could all see that. Yet I would not be surprised if Dayanna one day surpassed them. It's not just her prowess either. More than once that child has impressed me with her insight. No, it is the fate of her House that concerns me. She is meant for great things, but House Sorena has rarely seen peace or happiness. Theláyna died giving me Brianna, and then Brianna died when Dayanna was just learning to crawl. It's Dayanna's heart I fear for. She's quiet and sober enough already."

Chloe rubbed her ear thoughtfully. "I count the friendship between our girls as a blessing from the gods. With you so far out in the woods, they don't see each other often enough. If you're worried about her growing too fast, you could always pick a couple of orphans to be playmates and companions for her. Dayanna should have friends, yes, and servants, too. If she will one day be the leader of her House, she needs to learn how to command, and the earlier the better."

"Any human children I bring home will grow up faster than Dayanna, and may confuse things for her. No servants yet either. It is always better for one destined for power to learn self-sufficiency and service first, to help resist the darker temptations that power will offer. However, your advice is prudent. We will make more trips to the city."

"Huh. If it's work you want her to learn, I'd be willing to put her to task."

Aelfin suddenly burst out laughing. "With those two together? I doubt they'd ever be underfoot to task!"

Chloe nodded with amusement at the truth of his words, then finished her drink.

* * * * *

Upstairs, the two girls ran down the hallway, their boots clattering noisily on the wooden floor. At the hall's end, Beri unlocked the door to the half-sized nook that was her room, and shut it firmly behind them. Papers, book, and stylus all landed roughly on her dresser top.

Dayanna surveyed the room. An oil lamp on the dresser, shelves with odds and ends, and the woven hanging of Pallas Athena Sophia in a stern yet heroic pose in her armor, helm, brandishing her spear and Aegis shield. "Those curtains on the window are new. The spiral patterns are very pretty."

"Oh, Dayanna!" Beri threw her arms around her friend, kissing her cheek. "I've missed you! A couple of days a month is not nearly enough time for a proper visit, and this last time you were gone nearly all spring!"

Dayanna squeezed back, enjoying second embrace. "I know. I've missed you, too. But I need the training if I'm to survive the Ritual of Adulthood."

"Was it tough?" Beri sat on her small cot, patting the space next to her. 

"Babba has been a very good teacher, so I did all right." Dropping her pack to the floor, Dayanna took Beri's hand and sat down.

"Bet you got good marks. Hah! I knew it. Will you stay long? I know your Grandda doesn't like the city that much." 

"I don't know. Babba wants to take me shopping, so we will probably at least stay overnight. By the way, if your mother gives permission, you can go with us."

"Truly? I do have a few copper bits of my own stashed away. I love you so much, Dayanna! I know we aren't sisters, but if I had one, I'd want it to be you."

"I love you, too, Beri. What about Selene? She actually is your sister."

"Humph! She's ten years older than me. Most of the time, she's bossier than Ma. Always ordering me about, telling me what to do. Might as well be an only child!"

Dayanna squeezed Beri's hand. "You're the best friend I have, and you're the only person I can talk girl stuff with. Sometimes I wish you and your mother would move out to our place! The house is more than big enough for you both."

"What would we do there? I like your place in the woods, but I also like living here in Sargossa. Ma can't soldier with your Grandda and his Border Scouts, not with her legs and her arm. I don't think she'd go, anyway. Some of the custom have been coming for years, and she'd miss them. Besides," Beri winked, "Alexandros has been warming her bed the past few months. And I don't think your Grandda would consent to taking his place."

The thought of her grandfather and Beri's mother kissing caused Dayanna to gasp, turning pink to her ears. She shook her head fiercely. "He still loves Bamma Theláyna, keeping the memory of her in his heart. Maybe you can stay the summer, like last year!"

Beri pursed her lips while rubbing her earlobe. Just like her mother, Dayanna realized. With a flash of insight, she wondered how many of her own quirks stirred memories for her grandfather.

"I'm sure Ma will let me go with you," Beri enthused. "I'm caught up with my ciphering and numbering. She is always telling me that knowing other languages is important. I'm picking up Norse here in the tavern. If your Grandda promises to teach me more Elven speech, that might convince her."

Dayanna whooped. "We'll speak Elvish the whole time you're with us!"

"Well, maybe not that much," Beri grinned. "I wouldn't want to forget Hellenic!"

"Then you'd be a barbarian, just like the rest of us!"

"Hah! What a laugh! You speak it almost better than I do. Besides, even if you couldn't speak Hellenic -- I'm not some snotty aristocrat. You not being Hellene doesn't mean a thing to me. When we grow up, we can be shield-sisters, fighting side by side."

Dayanna suddenly leaned closer. "Do you really want to be my sister?"

Beri nodded. "Of course! You're my best friend, Dayanna!"

"Let's make it happen."

Beri leaned closer. "How?"

"I saw something at the temple school a couple of years ago, during my Tenth-Year training. One of the girls was adopted by her patron. I remember the words. But we need a fire."

"A fire? What for?"

Dayanna drew her belt knife from its sheath. "Babba says clean blades make clean wounds. I prick my thumb and smear it on your forehead. You do the same to me as we recite the words."

"Oh, yes! Amazon warriors do something like that! They cut their arms and mix the blood together, swearing before Artemis and Athena to be shield sisters, protecting each other always." Beri bounced on the bed in excitement. "Oh, this will be so great! My mother is a Brattara Amazon and I want to be a warrior like her! We can use your words, but I want to do the arm blooding, okay?"

Dayanna held out her arm, and in Hellene-style, they clasped elbows. "Deal."

Beri brought down the oil lamp, then rummaged through her dresser for a tinderbox. After several moments of clattering and digging, Beri gave a cry of triumph. "Found it!"

When the oil lamp was lit, Dayanna proceeded to heat the blade. "We need bandages, too," Dayanna said. "If we get blood on our clothes, we'll both get an ear full."

Beri dug further, and produced a dress several summers too small. Sitting down, she tore from the hem four wide strips of cloth.

Dayanna examined the blackened steel. "It's ready I think. I'll go first." Rolling up her sleeve, she first tested the knife's edge with her thumb. "Could be sharper." Digging in her pack, she pulled out a whetstone and set to work honing the edge.

Beri watched her. "Tell me about this survival school. Do you think I should do it? And do they let non-believers take the training?"

"While I was there, some guardsmen came for classes, and none of them were Ba'lorian. You're sure you want to become a warrior?"

"Of course!" Beri answered. "There have always been Amazons in our family. Ma says a woman should know how to protect herself, but if you have an education, you can make a lot of money, and pay others to protect you. She wants to apprentice me to a merchant, or maybe even have me attend university. But most women have to lie on their back for a man. Getting married and having babies is okay, and boys are sort of cute, but most Hellenic men won't marry a woman with an education. They say education is for courtesans, not wives. I want to earn my own way, using both my head and my hands. Ma was a good fighter. She earned enough to buy into this place. With hard work and a bit of luck, I'll do okay, too. Maybe I'll even strike it rich."

"Then you should take the temple training. They teach some weapon drill, but it's mostly about living off the land and teamwork. We can talk to your mother about it during lunch." Dayanna eyed the blade, then resumed sharpening it.

"Do we need anything else for this ceremony?"

"Nope. Ready?" Dayanna tested the edge. Satisfied, she put away the whetstone and cleaned the blade again.

Beri moved to the floor. "Ready."

Dayanna rolled up her sleeve. Pursing her lips, she ran the blade firmly along the inside of her arm. A thin red ribbon appeared in its wake. She handed the knife hilt first to Beri. "Your turn." Beri closed her eyes, but Dayanna grabbed her wrist, startling the blonde girl. "Eyes open," Dayanna insisted. "A little blood and a little pain. Not a major wound. Do it like you're cutting a loaf of bread."

Beri sighed, nodding. "Okay."

Dayanna dabbed at the blood spilling down her arm.

"Done." Beri gritted her teeth.

They held their arms together, wound to wound. Dayanna recited, and Beri repeated.

"Not blood of my blood, not flesh of my flesh, not bone of my bone, but heart of my heart. I declare that I love you. My House is now your House. From this day forward, you will find love, comfort, sustenance, and shelter wherever I abide, and protection from those who would do you harm. You are now blood of my blood, flesh of my flesh, and bone of my bone to match the heart of my heart. Before Rena the Lawgiver and these witnesses, thus do I pledge and vow."

Beri added Artemis of the Bow and Athena of the Spear and Shield to her own pledge, then giggled as they broke their grip and wrapped their arms. "Witnesses? There's nobody here but us."

"The gods and their servants know what we do," Dayanna replied. "What better witnesses than they, Sister?"

Beri's blue eyes shone with excitement. "Sister. I'm glad we did it. I respect the gods, but I trust what I can touch and feel more. Know what I mean?"

Dayanna laughed. "If you were just like me, Beri, you'd probably drive me crazy. I like that we are different." Then she sobered. "Babba and I talked after he picked me up today, and it set me to thinking. I want to ask you a favor. You don't have to do it, but please think it over."

"We're shield sisters. Bound forever. Tell me what you need."

"You know Babba's an elf."

Beri rolled her eyes. "Dayanna, that was old news years ago."

"Just listen! Babba reminded me that my elvish blood means it will take longer for me to grow up. I may not have my first menses until I'm twenty, maybe even later. You, on the other hand, are already becoming a maiden."

Beri arched her back, cupping her small breasts. "Do they look okay? I don't think they're all that big, but Ma says they'll do what they're made for, and I still have some growing yet. Of course, Ma also says that a warrior with big teats better have a good firm bra or she'll be in a world of hurt in her first combat."

Dayanna giggled. "I never thought of that. She's probably right. Beri, they look perfect. I just wish mine were getting bigger. You're getting hair between your legs, too, aren't you? I thought so. I'm still hairless and flat-chested. We're both twelve and that's exactly what I'm talking about. When I am of age and it comes time for me to pick a partner for the Rite of Adulthood, only strangers will be available, and a man would expect to copulate with me. I trust the Lawgiver to look out for me, and I would love any baby I have, but I don't have to be stupid about my choices. He could be a good man, but he could also be a jerk, or worse. I could be stuck parenting with a man I despise for decades! I might even have to raise the child alone. I could do it, but I don't relish the idea. So will you be my partner and go with me?"
