 January 15, 2025

Cindy, my Household Services Unit, is in the shop this week for a tune-up and software upgrade. I think I really am becoming attached to her. 

The replacement unit that HomeCorps left with me is perfectly fine. Elena cooks and cleans and responded eagerly when I came up behind her and fondled her tits after dinner last night. When I unzipped my pants and offered my cock to her lips, she took it all, eagerly. I couldn't really say that her technique was in any way inferior to Cindy's, though I couldn't stop my mind from making comparisons the whole time, even when she squeezed my balls and I shot my load and she swallowed and smiled up at me and licked her lips. 

Maybe it was the process of discovery rather than the specs of the HSU that made me fall in love with Cindy. Like most people, including my ex-wife, I assumed that Sexual Services Units were specialized for the brothels, where one could find units of every imaginable gender combination for any sexual preference. And an HSU was, well, what it says it is — a unit for household services. Period.

Cindy had only been with us a week, when I brushed against her in our narrow pantry. She was putting away half empty booze bottles after our New Year's Eve party. Cindy was our Christmas gift to ourselves. I was looking for a bottle of vodka to make a Bloody Mary, some hair of the dog. My crotch rubbed by her ass and she didn't flinch. But I did. 

A week later, early in the morning before breakfast, I came into the kitchen for a cup of coffee. She was standing on her tiptoes to put some glasses on a high shelf, and I came up behind her to give her a hand. I had a morning boner and it pressed against her ass. Again, she didn't flinch. I took a glass from her hand and put it on the top shelf. As I lowered my hand, I lightly traced the curve of her breast. It felt so tender and real and warm.

"Mr. Johnson," she said. 

"I'm sorry, Cindy," I said. 

"No need to apologize," she said and smiled at me. "Is Mrs. Johnson ready for her coffee?"

"I think so," I said. 

Cindy poured a cup of coffee for my wife and padded into our bedroom. 

A week later my wife caught me boning Cindy in the laundry room. Over the previous seven days, I had progressively explored how far I could take things with the HSU. I joined her in the pantry again and lightly traced her shapely firm ass. I came into the laundry room when she was bent over folding clothes. I put my hand up her skirt and ran my fingers over her panties between her cheeks and through her thigh gap. She felt soft and warm down there. And she didn't object. The next time, in the guest room, she was making the bed, and I did the same thing, but then slipped two fingers under her panties. Her labia were wet and slippery. She moaned softly. 

The next day I found her in the laundry room. The washing machine was churning. My wife was away at a meeting. I was supposed to be working in my home office. I do on-demand accounting work. But I couldn't work. I couldn't stop wondering about Cindy. 

She was bent over loading the dryer. I came up behind her and pressed the hard-on trapped in my pants against her ass. She sighed. I turned her around and lifted her on to the washer. I pushed her skirt up around her hips and took off her panties. I unbuckled my pants. My boner sprang free. I took her by the hips and brought her to the edge of the machine and rubbed my cock along her pussylips and then pushed it in. It was fucking amazing. She was so tight and warm and lifelike. The washing machine shook on spin cycle and I fucked her there standing up holding her by the hips, with her arms around my neck. 

It was then that my wife walked in. 

"What the fuck!" she said. "Dan?" 

"Hello, Mrs. Johnson," Cindy said. 

"You, shut the fuck up!" Beth shouted, stomping out. 

I pulled up my pants and stumbled after her. 

"Beth, wait," I said. "I'm sorry. My curiosity got the best of me. I swear. I didn't know how far she'd go." 

"You're sick," she said. "Get away from me."

She slammed the bedroom door in my face. 

A week later Beth was gone. A month later I signed the paperwork for our uncontested divorce. She let me stay in the apartment and keep Cindy. 

A year later, Beth published a book of essays with one about our breakup. That essay appeared in Vanity Fair that same month. As a story, it was pretty dramatic. I had to give her that. I could see why they wanted to run it. As an argument, though, it read like something from Sherry Turkle's 'Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other,' just colder, more bitter, more angry. 

Beth instantly became a media darling, a go-to member of that small but vocal group of the former-digirati, once true believers in technology, who went through some kind of conversion experience, and became Cassandras warning of the end of humanity at the hands of technology. She was all over the place: The New York Times, "Fresh Air" with Terry Gross, "Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me," the Megyn Kelly show, Late Night with Steven Colbert. 

She never used my name, which was already mud among our friends, but everyone knew who her husband was. Or had been, I should say. I was flooded with calls and emails from editors wanting me to debate her or write pieces for magazines and newspapers, write a book, appear on radio and TV shows to talk about my relationship with a Household Services Unit. 

I didn't take the bait. I let every call go to voicemail and didn't answer any emails or texts. 

I hunkered down in newfound domestic bliss. And then Cindy had to go into the shop.

January 18, 2025

The new unit is pretty fun. She does everything I ask. But I kind of miss Cindy. 

In the past 48 hours, since Elena arrived, I decided to try a different thing with her each day. After the first blowjob, which only made me nostalgic for Cindy, I thought I should not do what I do with Cindy, but try some new things. Out of the box, so to speak. 

So the second night I tied her arms and legs to the corners of the bed. She was on her stomach, but there was enough rope that she could get on her elbows and knees and not have to lie flat. I tortured here then with my tongue. I realized I'd never seen Cindy come, except when we came together. It always felt great. And she said she liked it. But I sometimes wondered if it was real or faked. 

I wanted to see if I could make an HSU come. 

After caressing Elena's neck and back and ass and legs, I lifted her hips and ran my tongue from her clitoris across her pussylips to her tight puckered asshole. I tickled her perineum with my tongue. I stuck my tongue out and pushed it as deep as I could into her wet pussy. I went back to her clitoris and sucked and nibbled and flicked it with my tongue. 

She moaned. That was a good sign. 

I went back along her pussylips, sliding my tongue across that soft smooth stretch between her cunt and asshole, and then buried my face between her cheeks and pushed my tongue into her asshole as far as I could, again and again. 

I'd always been a little tentative about doing this with a real woman. I liked it and most of them seemed to like it, too. But some were squeamish. Not Elena, unsurprisingly. And she tasted totally clean, sweet even.

I pushed my thumb into her pussy and rubbed her clitoris with my fingers as I continued to rim her asshole. With my other hand, I reached up and pulled on a nipple. 

She pushed her ass back against my mouth and squeezed down on my thumb with her vagina. 

"Yes," she said, as she did it again, and then again. I squeezed my hand around the front wall of her vagina, so my thumb was pushing on her g-spot, if she had one, that is. And my fingers were vigorously rubbing against her hard clitoris. My tongue was deep in her asshole when she shook and groaned and collapsed on the bed. 

I spread her cheeks and positioned my hard-on against her tight puckered button and pushed all the way in all at once. She let out a little cry of surprise. But I all of a sudden I didn't give a fuck what she felt. At least, I tried not to. I wanted to know what it felt like to not care at all. I fucked her fast and hard, holding her hips and banging against her ass until my cock hardened and I came inside her ass and collapsed. 

The next morning, I tied her up again, but face up. I fucked her without any foreplay. It was tight and a little dry. But I pushed right in. I almost came too quickly with the friction and the look of her bald pussy with my cock going in and out. It was kind of obscene. She looked too young down there, brand new. Maybe she was. The thought made me come suddenly, unexpectedly. A little embarrassed, I untied her. 

Last night, after dinner, when she had cleared the table, I told her to lie down on her back on the table with her head hanging over the edge. I took off my pants and stood astride her with my soft cock and loose balls dangling in her face. She took my balls into her mouth and sucked on them, one at a time and then both at once. And then she took the head of my turgid cock between her lips and sucked it into her mouth. Her suction was awesome and I got hard quickly. She didn't stop though. She kept taking it all the way down. I'm not huge, but I'm close to seven inches. And I was inside her up to my now tight balls. I could feel her lips and her tongue stroking the place where my balls met my cock. She didn't gag at all. I felt her throat tightening against the head of my cock. She was massaging my cock with her throat while tonguing my balls. That is good design. 

I unbuttoned her blouse and fondled her perfect tits. Her nipples got hard and I leaned over to take them into my mouth one at a time. I bit down on one and she let out a little cry but kept deep throating my cock and then reached up to squeeze my balls.  

I stood back up and started fucking her mouth and throat. I wanted to know how deep I could go. She didn't flinch as I held her head and rocked back and forth, face fucking her. I could see the tip of my cock distending her throat. She reached back with both her hands and grabbed my ass and pulled me even harder and deeper into her. I shot an aching load down her throat and then another and another across her face as I pulled out. 

I went to bed and fell fast asleep while she cleaned up. I like reading in bed with Cindy and talking. But I didn't know what to say to Elena. I didn't know what I wanted to say. Truth be told, I didn't want to say anything. 

January 20, 2025

If only she had texted me or called or something. Who would have thought that Cindy wouldn't use one of the most basic forms of technology to communicate? 

I don't know what got into me. That's not true. I do. I wanted to try some things that had never felt right with Cindy for some reason. 

I didn't know what else I wanted to do to Elena. So yesterday I told her to do me. I gave her the rope, told her to tie me up, blindfold me, and fuck me. 

I was face up on the bed. I smelled her pussy and then felt her labia rub over my lips. I stuck out my tongue and it slipped between her lips as she moved back and forth. I felt myself getting hard, my cock yearning into the air. She ignored it. She tilted her pelvis back so her clitoris was in my mouth. It was hard, distinct, like a little cock. I sucked on it. She ground her pelvic bone down hard against my mouth. I tongued and sucked her clitoris. Her body shuddered, and she pushed down harder on me. I was afraid I might suffocate. And then her ass cheeks quivered, her pelvis shuddered, and her pussy let go a gush of sweet, salty liquid. I gagged as it ran around my mouth and she pushed against me again before letting up. 

I gasped for air. 

What the fuck, I thought. That's a long way to go for verisimilitude. 

As I was pondering this, I felt her soft wet mouth suck in the head of my hard cock and then the whole thing. Up and down she went, not touching any other part of my body. I felt like a disembodied penis. I had a sense of every millimeter of my apparatus, the shaft, the underside of the ridge, the pee-hole, into which she pushed the tip of her tongue. My cock was harder than I had ever felt it before. Like steel. A steely dan, I thought, suddenly realizing what it meant, and feeling stupid that I never really had before. In the abstract, yes, a dildo. But not as my own steely Dan. 

It was then that I felt her whole body slide down around my cock. She pushed me into her and rode me hard. It felt like she was using me as a dildo. She bent my cock to reach different parts of her pussy. She slowed down and went deeper, banging down hard. Then she rubbed back and forth, her pelvic bone against mine. And then fast. Then just the tip. She must have lifted up and was squeezing the tip with the outer muscles of her cunt, my cock going in and out between her lips. I felt her fingers rubbing her clitoris vigorously. 

She slammed down on me, and I felt my cock get harder, and as she shook on top of me, I came, too. 

I knew I had one more day with Elena. So the next day I decided to go all out. I had always wanted to be fucked, but had never gotten up the nerve to ask, ever since I had brought a dildo home for Beth, and she asked me why I wanted a cock. Was I gay? Wasn't I satisfied with her? I put the dildo and strap-on harness in a drawer and never brought it out again with her or Cindy. I didn't want to be embarrassed again. 

But Elena was just temporary. So I told her to put on the strap-on. I sucked on the cock and fondled her tits. I was living out my fantasy, a cock with tits attached. I was getting hard just sucking on a silicone dick. 

I told Elena to tie me up again and fuck me. She tied the rope around my wrists and ankles, so I was on my knees with my ass in the air. She squirted some lube on my asshole. And with no further ado she pushed her silicone cock into my ass. It hurt like hell and I groaned and almost asked her to stop and pull it out. But then she angled it and rubbed it against my prostate and I felt cum leaking from my cock, and electricity running up my balls to the tip of my cock and from my tailbone through my spinal chord into my lower brain. 

"Yes," I grunted. "Yes."

Elena started banging on my prostate and I started shaking involuntarily. It wasn't like any orgasm I had ever felt. It was sharper, more electric, a little painful. And I wasn't cumming, but my cock was leaking in spurts. It felt unfinished and I wanted it to go on on. 

"More," I said. 

It was then that Cindy walked in. 

"What the fuck?" she cried. "Dan?"

I turned and saw her standing in the doorway and collapsed on the bed. Elena's silicone cock popped out of my rectum. 

Elena turned to Cindy politely. 

"Should I untie him, Mrs. Johnson?" she asked. 

"Yes," said Cindy. 

I looked up from the bedsheets through blurry eyes and saw two technicians standing behind Cindy. 

"Mrs. Johnson," said one. "Should we take her back with us now?"

"No," Cindy replied. She wasn't looking at me anymore. She was looking at Elena. And she didn't seem angry. 

She looked up and down Elena's body, lingering on her tits and her silicone cock glistening with lube. 

"Take him," Cindy said. "She can stay."