 This seemed like the place. With this many cars parked outside it had to be. But for a party it wasn't very loud. Checking my phone one more time I look over the series of texts that Chelsie had sent me. I had never been that much of a party goer but she insisted that I come to this one. Apparently the girl who hosted them, Sandra, was rather selective about who she let into her parties and it was some kind of super exclusive thing. Of course that made me question why I had been invited. It would make sense for some popular football player or a jock from the hockey team to be invited, not a nobody computer science major like me. 

But unless Chelsie had sent the texts to the wrong person I had been invited. Supposedly there were only four people, not including myself, who were all invited. So maybe party wasn't the most accurate term. Not in the college sense of dozens of people all packed into a frat house. Still though the way Chelsie went on about it you'd think this small little party was way better than any of those. A small voice in the back of my head kept telling me to just go home, I'm already half an hour late. I can just text Chelsie and tell her that I couldn't make it for some reason or another. 

No. This was my chance. I had been a shy introvert all through high school and this was my chance to get out of my shell and hopefully have some fun. Just relax and try to go with the flow. Maybe I'll have a little bit of fun along the way. Walking up to the door I hear muffled sounds coming from inside. What sounds like girls laughing and chatting, though some other noises are mixed in that I can't quite recognize. Ringing the doorbell there's a sudden hush before I hear footsteps approaching the door and the sound of the locks being undone. The door swings open and a darker skinned girl with long black hair and popping auburn eyes looks at me with a raised eyebrow. 

"You must be Mason, Chelsie almost thought you might not show," she says with a smirk across her face. My eyes scan down her body. A purple tank top with no obvious designs hugs her form rather nicely and shows off the fact that she's not wearing a bra. Her nipples are obviously hard atop her probably D cup breasts that sag ever so slightly. Further down her form I see that she's not wearing anything besides her shirt, though that's not what grabs my attention. What grabs my attention is the very large and very erect cock between her legs. 

Just at a glance it has to be at least a foot long and proportionally thick. The dark and veiny shaft ends with a flared out purple head. At least half of her length is slicked and glistening with some kind of substance and precum drools out of the tip onto the floor. Just below it a sack with a pair of tennis ball sized nuts hung down. And just above is a neatly trimmed patch of hair the same color as on her head. Before I can say anything she grabs me by the shirt and pulls me into the house. The door closes and locks behind me and I start to really think I should have just bailed like I was thinking earlier. 

"Mason!" I hear Chelsie's voice call out just before she comes around the corner from another room and pulls me into a tight hug, "I didn't think you were going to make it."

Still somewhat stunned I don't respond, my gaze drifting down Chelsie's form when she steps back out of the hug. Sure enough there between her legs is the same as the other girl. Of course her's is different, but it is still a cock. Maybe nine inches or so long though somewhat thin for its length. the same light pale as the rest of her skin, a pink head half covered by foreskin and also dripping with precum. The shaft itself isn't nearly as veiny as the other girl's though there is one rather prominent one on top. A strip of dyed pink hair sat above her girl-shaft and a pair of golf ball sized orbs sat snuggly in a sack hugging her body. 

"Wh.. what is... going on?" I ask, my eyes suddenly yanking themselves up from Chelsie's girl-dick to her face. Already I could feel my cheeks flushed with arousal and embarrassment. I had always thought Chelsie is kind of attractive. Long blonde hair, ocean blue eyes and a face that made her perfect for the cheerleading team. And a nice pair of perky C cup tits that were currently being held in a lacy pink bra. But she had always been just a childhood friend to me. Sure I had fapped off to the thought of her once or twice but I'm sure plenty of guys had. 

"Sorry, I couldn't tell you before you showed up, but we're having an orgy!" Chelsie says with a great amount of enthusiasm. If it weren't for what she said I probably would have gotten excited too. "Come on, I'll introduce you to everyone." 

Before I have a chance to protest I find myself being lead by the hand into the same room Chelsie had just come from. Inside are two other girls, and yes they both have dicks. One of them I recognize from one of my classes. A smaller girl with shorter brown hair down to her shoulders and a pair of cute black rimmed glasses over her similarly brown eyes. A small almost flat chest, definitely A cups, which I couldn't even notice under the brown sleeveless turtleneck she is wearing. She definitely had the cute, shy, nerdy girl thing going for her. I hadn't expected her of all people to be at a place like this. 

"Anna?" I ask with a gaping jaw. Sitting on the couch with a hand around her cock she stops jerking off and her face turns bright red when she sees me. Her dick was probably the smallest of the group. About seven inches long and slightly thick for its size. It is obvious with the darker red of her tip that she is cut. Her shaft is smooth and almost feminine in a way. The bush around her cock is far more prevalent than the other girl's though it is neatly trimmed and looked incredibly soft. But the most striking feature at her crotch has to be her balls. Each one is about the size of a grapefruit or so. And her production seems to match as her entire lap is glazed in what I can only assume to be precum, a strand of it quite literally shooting from her cock as it twitches in her hand. 

The final girl I don't exactly know, but I definitely have seen her before. The sides of her head are shaved down and the top is cut short and dyed neon blue. Dark colored eyes that almost look black and a bull style nose ring. She is completely nude a large tribal looking tattoo down her left arm. Her other arm is currently busy with what looks like a thin dildo being shoved down her cock. And what a cock it is. It isn't too long, maybe eight or nine inches, but the damned thing is thick. A can of soda would have some tough competition next to her girth. Just below it her plum sized balls hug her crotch tightly. She's the only girl with a completely shaved crotch. 

"Hi, Mason," Anna says with a wave of her free hand, by now her blush was covering the entirety of her face. 

"Oh, you two know each other? That's great!" Chelsie says with a quick clap, "Okay. So you know Anna. And that's Quincy, and the girl who you met at the door is Sandra."

"O...kay..." I say with a small nod, still unsure of exactly why four girls with cocks would invite me to their orgy. Not that I want to say no, but I'm just too nervous even now to admit how turned on I am. Something about a girl with a cock always turned me on. Plus vagina's were just... gross looking. Just thinking about one always made my boner go down some. I wouldn't say I'm gay exactly because I'm not into guys, the whole male physique doesn't do it for me. But a feminine body with a nice dick attached to it always got me going. 

"I bet you're wondering why I told Chelsie to invite you," Sandra asks as she walks past me and puts a hand on Chelsie's shoulders. Almost as though it was choreographed she gets on her knees and licks her lips as she found herself eye level with the brown cock in front of her. Taking the shaft into her mouth she starts bobbing back and forth on it, most likely confirming the source of why Sandra's cock was already slick. 

"Um... y... yeah," I say as my eyes try to find somewhere to look other than Chelsie giving the other girl a blowjob. Or down to Chelsie's cock to see her jerking off while doing it. Or over to Anna who's hand seems to now be moving in overdrive as her cock is spewing out precum, doing its best impression of a sprinkler. Or over to Quincy who's still leisurely fucking her own dick with a pink dildo. I shift myself a bit in an attempt to hide how hard I'm getting, though that seems to only draw more attention to the bulges in my jeans that's becoming more and more obvious by the second. 

"Well Chelsie told us about how she had seen you naked once and how interestingly hung you are, so we wanted to see for ourselves. Feel free to join us, trust me you won't regret it," Sandra says, one of her hands now on top of Chelsie's head as she starts to thrust her hips slightly into the other dickgirl's mouth. I stood there watching, now unable to stop myself from staring at the sight. Not answering the question either. 

Hearing a long and loud moan snapps me from my trance. Sandra begins bucking her hips before one final thrust and she forces her foot long cock down Chelsie's throat. I can't see it but it is obvious the dark skinned girl is cumming, and cumming hard. And she cums for quite a while, eventually pulling back and stroking her spit slicked shaft as it spews several more ropes of her cum over Chelsie's face. 

Now painfully erect in my own jeans I can't even hide the bulges down the legs of my jeans. Sandra takes a deep breath before she turns towards me, her cock dripping a bit of cum onto the floor as she steps closer. Her hands reaches down and takes hold of my belt, undoing it in short order and reaching for the button of my jeans. 

"Hey wait I..." I start to say, though give no physical resistance to her actions. But before I can finish my protest Chelsie comes up behind me and takes hold of my jeans just as Sandra undoes the zipper. My pants and boxers are yanked down to my ankles and my twin cocks spring up to full attention, one sitting right above the other. Each one is the same light tan color as the rest of my skin, the tips both mostly covered in foreskin even when hard. Their shafts slightly veiny and slightly thicker further up the shaft than at the base. Fourteen inches long and two and a half inches around, I was somehow blessed or maybe cursed, with not one massive cock but two. 

"Holy shit!" I hear Quincy say from the couch. 

"I... I didn't... oh wow..." Anna chimes in as her eyes locked on to my twin members. 

"See. I told you guys," Chelsie says with a smug look on her face as she stands up behind me. 

"How the hell does he even have enough blood to power those things?" Quincy says, sounding genuinely amazed. 

"So what do you say, Mason? Want to have some fun with four dickgirls?" Sandra asks with a grin on her lips as she reaches a hand down and takes hold of my upper cock, her fingers not even able to fully meet around my thickness. 

My eyes quickly go from Sandra to Chelsie to Anna and to Quincy. I have to admit that they are all pretty attractive, and I never expected them to each have a cock between their legs. And being incredibly turned on by a girl with a dick, is was like something out of a wet dream for me. 

"S... sure" I say with a nod. It seems that was all Sandra needed to hear as her hand begins to stroke up and down my upper cock, her grip light enough that she can slide along my length even without lube. Suddenly feeling a pair of hands on my lower shaft I look down and notice that Chelsie had wrapped her arms around my waist and is stroking it, still plenty of room on my lower massive cock for more hands. Sandra gazes at me with a pretatorial grin and a gleam in her eyes that sends a small shiver down my spine. If it weren't for the fact that she has a hand on my dick like this I might have been scared but at this point I don't think I can pull away if I wanted to right now. 

"Hey. Anna. Some help here. We're gonna need some serious lube for these monsters," Sandra says, her gaze never leaving my face as she licks her lips. As if I were in some kind of trance I can't look away and only notice movement out of the corner of my eye. Anna is somewhat short, which only makes her seem cuter. And those balls are something else. I wonder what it'd be like to give those huge orbs a massage. And thinking about it now it made sense why she always wore long skirts. Pants simply wouldn't be able to hide two nuts that big. As she crosses the room she leaks a dribble of precum along the way, it seems like she is having a hard time not stroking for those few seconds. 

Once Anna is close enough she begins stroking furiously again. It is kind of strange to consider her cock small as it was still big compared to most people but when put next to everyone else here it was the smallest. Though maybe Chelsie's was thinner. Almost as soon as she began stroking again her cock started to spit out long ropes of clear precum like it had been. Her crotch was still soaked in the stuff and the couch had a noticeable wet spot where she had been sitting. As the warm and slick pre landed erratically over my cocks and the three hands attending to them both Sandra and Chelsie's stroking got faster with the added lubrication. 

"Thanks Anna," Sandra says which seemed to prompt the quiet mousy girl to scutter back to her spot on the couch and resume her stroking. I began to notice that every so often she would stop herself, letting go of her cock. Normally when she did this it would start to spray precum wildly over herself like a pre orgasm. After a few seconds of letting herself calm down she'd go back to vigorously stroking again and spurring small blasts of precum over her lap and the couch. 

"Fuck~ I've wanted to get my hands on these since that time I saw you naked," Chelsie says from behind me. Her hands start moving faster along my cock, as though she's really trying to get me to cum. Sandra on the other hand was going a bit slower, still staring directly at me. She had control over me right now and she knew it. She seemed to enjoy it too. 

My balls tensed up as I grew closer to cumming. While I have two cocks they were separate when it came or cumming. Now I could get them both off at the same time though more often I could make one cum and then switch and use the other. Most the time this meant that I could jerk off one and then when it was done and went soft I'd switch to the other. The side effect being that the one that I had gotten off first would get back into action while I jerked the second dick. When I was really horny I could go back and forth like this having a new orgasm every fifteen minutes or so for an hour. Usually though after two good orgasms on each I'd be tired out. Still better than most guys I like to think. 

Right now my bottom shaft was the one closer to cumming. And Chelsie wasn't slowing down. In fact she was getting faster, as if she could sense that I was getting close. My climax came quicker than usual and hit me like a train. Taking a long deep breath in my bottom cock starts twitching and I feel cum starting to work up it's length as well as the one above it though that one slightly slower. While my orgasms were separated by cock they were connected by the same tube down to my balls and so when one came they both would shoot out cum. Admittedly the one doing the work generally came more while the other one was a bit slower. 

My eyes shut as the first blast of cum shoots from my tip. I can't say for sure but I'm pretty sure that I was cumming on Sandra. Now I've never been very vocal when jerking off or cumming, and this wasn't that different. Breathing heavily I open my eyes and look down to see that I was right. While my bottom cock is doing most the work of spraying my ball batter over Sandra's crotch the top one actually spewing over her own dick as she's placed the tip just above her own shaft. A glance back up at her face shows that she's watching the spectacle at our crotches intently. 

When my orgasm finally dies down Sandra's crotch is obviously covered in plenty of white cream. Chelsie's hands slow as she milks out what is left inside my urethra while my lower cock starts to go soft. The fact that my upper shaft remains hard though seems to surprise Sandra. Her gaze comes back up to lock eyes with me. 

"So this one's still hard then?" she asks with excitement in her voice. 

"Yeah... um... they cum together but... well they can get off separately. Though I can get them to both go off at the same time but they can be separate. But because internally its connected they both shoot at the same time.." I catch myself starting to talk a bit too much and decide to stop, my cheeks getting redder than they already were. 

"Chelise. Get over here. My dick needs something other than this toy," I hear Quincy say as she pulls the dildo out of her incredibly thick cock. A she does I see that her urethra is spread wide open. I don't think anyone's cock here could fit inside besides Chelsie's though due to how thin it was. Still though it was a surprise as I watch my friend press her cock against the other girls. Never did I think I'd watch one girl's cock literally going down into another girl's. It was a hell of a sight to watch Quincy's cock take Chelsie's like that. I kind of wonder what it would feel like to have something inside my urethra like that. 

My attention is brought back down to my still hard upper cock as I feel something wet against the tip. Looking down I expected to see Sandra with a cat like grin on her face as she teased my shaft. Instead I found that while I wasn't paying attention Anna had snuck over and had gotten on her knees in front of me. Even now she looked somewhat nervous and embarrassed to be doing what she was and still she held onto my cock with one small hand while her tongue began to swirl across the head. 

"I... I always wanted to do this... I just... well..." Anna says, her eyes looking down as she continues to lick my shaft. Despite her claiming eagerness her shyness apparently overshadowed it. 

"Hey! I wanted to be the first one to suck him off!"Chelise complained as she looked over, her hips moving back and forth as her cock disappeared inside Quincy's over and over again. 

"Anna here told us she had a crush on a guy, never thought it'd be the same guy Chelsie was always talking about. Looks like you have a good old fashioned love triangle on your hands," Sandra says with a small laugh as she walks around behind Anna. Tapping the shy girl on her shoulder in some kind of non verbal command. Immediately Anna got off of her knees and without ever leaving my cock she got to her feet to present her ass to Sandra. Now bent over Sandra preses her cock against what was either Anna's pussy or asshole. With her cock covered in my cum there definitely wouldn't be a problem with needing lube. With a wicked grin on her face Sandra shoves her hips. Immediately Anna lets out a long moan as I hear a splattering sounds coming from below her. Leaning to the side I can see that she's actually cumming now, though the thick white cock goop seems to be coming in a constant stream rather than quick shots. 

"Anna can only cum from being fucked like this. She jerks off a lot but she's never able to actually cum unless she has something in her ass. She also gives the best head, trust me you're in for a treat," Sandra says to me with a grin across her face as she pushes her cock forward into Anna's ass. Just then I feel warmth envelope the tip of my cock. Sure enough as I look down Anna is taking my upper shaft into her mouth. This definitely isn't how I expected my first ever blowjob but even just the first inch or so of my cock inside her mouth felt amazing. The warmth and wetness combined with how she was sucking and the movement of her tongue is mind blowing. 
