 The sun beat down on the grassy plains, but here, at the edge of the forest, things were a bit more tolerable. More than adequate shade could be found beneath the towering branches of magnificent trees and refreshing breezes ruffled through their leaves. With all the greenery around, it was sometimes possible to forget that summer was still at its height.

Filanas du Arba, lately resident on the Isle of Fancy and now wandering as only bards are capable of wandering, leaned back with a sigh against the most comfortable tree that he could find. Yes, this was the life.

It was true that he was no longer exactly welcome in his homeland. Might be a few years before he could show his face in Quellini again, too. He even had caused a bit of a furor in the great city of Aversol the other week, quite by accident. I mean, who would have thought that the duchess carried a knife?

And so he sat, his lyre resting at his side while he lost himself in thought. Things never were as bad as they seemed. He’d spend some time in the small towns and their charming taverns, cooling his heels while the angry parents and spouses and fiancés gave up on the idea of thrashing him. He was still young; there were many years yet for him to build his legend, write a few songs, seduce a few rich nobles...

Hopefully not the ones with knife-wielding chaperones. That was a lesson he’d learnt through personal experience, along with “nekos will do anything if you scratch their ears just right” and “if you encounter dark elves, just fucking run.”

Not everyone took quite such a carefree attitude towards these matters. Filanas thought it was a damned shame.

This really was a comfortable little clearing. Filanas stretched out, yawning languorously...then, suddenly alert, sat upright.

He wasn’t a woodsman of any particular experience, but he was pretty sure that he was being watched.

“Hello?” One hand reached out to touch his lyre. Whether he meant to secure its safety or use it as a makeshift club, even he couldn’t tell. “Is anyone there?”

Even the birds went quiet for a second. Then there was a rustle from a stand of trees just across from him.

“You know,” the stranger said, “I don’t get many visitors.”

This was one of the fae, Filanas knew, that were peculiar to this forest. The iridescent wings said as much. While a skilled harpy might soar through the treetops with ease, everyone knew that the fae were blessed with an innate connection to the natural world. They swam through the trees, it was said, like a fish swims through water. True, some fae were dangerous. The people of the frozen north described creatures of horror, ice-monsters with fickle tempers and too many sharp edges that stalked the wastes. In these sunny lands, though?

“Human,” the fae said, “you’re in my forest.”

Filanas du Arba did some quick mental calculations. He had never not chosen the most outrageous path, and he wasn’t about to stop now.

“No,” he said, “I’m not.”

The fae blinked. “What?”

“I said, I’m not in your forest.” Filanas pointed an arm lazily back along the path. “The nearest village is just over there. This right here is new growth. The farmers come along and clear out all the small trees every decade or so, which lets the light in and promotes the forest’s overall health.” Fire was used sometimes, especially when new fields were being carved from the woods, but while it might enrich the soil nobody forgot that fire was a dangerous beast in its own right. By imperial decree, most of the forest clearances were done with handaxe and saw.

“You-”

“Actually,” Filanas said, “even if this were truly your forest, how would I know who you are?”

The fae glowered at him. “There are some who call me the Prince.”

“Ah, I did not know that you were highborn.” And, evidently, the Prince of a very marginal patch of forest. “Would you care to sit? I confess that I know little of the etiquette in these situations.”

“Typically,” the Prince said stiffly, “you would be expected to stand in my presence but I shall overlook this transgression.” He floated over on his gossamer wings and settled to the ground, just slightly too close for comfort. As a royal pretender, Filanas thought, the Prince was no doubt trying to intimidate him a little bit, cast a haughty eye over the uppity commoner, that sort of thing.

It didn’t work. For one thing, the Prince was, like most fae, of rather a more slight build than most humans. Even seated, he was about a head shorter than Filanas. Very few people are able to project dignity while glaring up at someone. For the Prince, who was already possessed of delicate features...

Well, Filanas actually found it kind of cute.

“So,” the Prince abruptly began, “what brings a lone human into my realm?”

Filanas shrugged, smiling. “I suppose it’s just nice, here. Easier to relax. I needed to get away from people for a little while.”

“And that gives you the right to invade another’s domains?” the Prince demanded.

“Oh, no, it most certainly does not,” Filanas said, placatingly. “I apologize for my misunderstanding. I simply was not aware that this little glade was part of your, uh, principality.”

The Prince humphed. “Well, that’s certainly not an excuse.” He looked over the human with hardly concealed disdain. “What sort of a human are you, then, to be so careless?”

Filanas bowed, or made a casual effort to do so while remaining comfortably seated. “My name is Filanas du Arba. I confess that sometimes I don’t pay attention to myself, such are my wanderings. Usually I’m thinking about the music that I play.” He also thought of other things, but this was not the time to describe his sexcapades. “You see, I am a bard.”

“A bard?” The fae’s eyes travelled down to where the well-worn lyre lay next to Filanas. His eyes widened. “Oh. Oh no.”

“Hm?” Filanas picked up his lyre. “I’m not the best in the world,” not yet, “but I think I’m a decent hand at this sort of thing.” He looked over at the Prince. “Would you like to hear me play?”

“W-wait!” The Prince’s hand had shot out, as if imploring him to stop. He was trembling slightly.

“Are you alright?”

“I, uh, yeah,” the lithe fae stammered, “I’m fine.”

Filanas stared for a moment, surprised by the Prince’s suddenly flustered expression. “Do you not want me to play?”

A war of emotions seemed to rage against the fae’s face. “Well, I...”

“If you don’t want me to,” Filanas said gently, “I don’t have to. Not everybody likes music. It’s fine.”

The Prince seemed to come to a decision. “I, I want to hear you play,” he admitted, “and I like music. It’s just...”

He lapsed into silence. Curious, Filanas strummed a single chord on his lyre.

“Nngh!” A shudder seemed to run through the Prince’s body, his eyelids fluttering, mouth coming agape.

Oh.

“Is this,” Filanas asked, somewhat roguishly, “typical of your kind?”

The Prince shook his head. “N-no,” he admitted, biting his lip. “They’re just...well, some of them can be really, uh, a bunch of sluts.”

“Some of them. Right. And you’re...a slut for music?”

“That’s better!” The Prince was glaring at him again. “It’s, it’s more cultured!” he declared indignantly.

Without bothering to respond, Filanas strummed his lyre again. Another tremor ran through the Prince’s body, although he managed to keep from gasping this time.

“Do you get much music in these woods?”

The Prince shook his head. “No,” he sighed, “not much more than the birdsong, and that’s fine. It’s pleasant in its amounts. But music? Real music?” He hugged himself, a slightly worried expression on his face. “It’s like, like a year’s worth of birdsong in a single day. Or a minute.”

That was a curious way of thinking about it. “Don’t you get woodsmen coming into the forest sometimes? Don’t they have work songs, or...?

The Prince spat with disgust. “Them! They couldn’t carry a tune to save their lives!” His shoulders heaved with emotion. “No, music, PROPER music, is a gift. A very rare gift, and I don’t often let myself indulge.”

Taking deep breaths, the fae gradually brought himself back in check. Determination crossed his face. “Look,” he said, “I want you to sing for me.”

“Oh?” He’d played at some odd gigs in the past. Playing for a fae prince in a halfway sort of forest wouldn’t even be the strangest place he’d performed. “And what’s in it for me?”

The Prince’s mouth opened, then closed. “I’ll...” He hesitated. “I’ll suck your cock?”

Filanas du Arba raised an eyebrow.

“Oh, don’t look at me like that,” the Prince said testily, “you knew that would happen, didn’t you. Probably read all about us beforehand, yeah? Thought you could talk some fae slut into following his deepest instincts? Is that what it’s about?”

Filanas was silent for a second. “Actually,” he said carefully, “you’re the first that I’ve had the chance to meet in person. I didn’t actually realize this would happen.”

The Prince actually blushed. “Um. Any chance you could forget that last part?”

“Nope!” Filanas cheerfully strummed his lyre, causing the little fae to moan desperately. “There’s nothing wrong with following your instincts. True, you shouldn’t let yourself go with reckless abandon, but you’ve got to set aside some time to have fun.” He looked at the fae with some curiosity. “When was the last time you let yourself have fun, my Prince?”

The Prince pouted and looked to the side.

“Well, have it your way.” Filanas fingered a glissando, gently playing with the strings while he made a show of thinking up a tune. The Prince, shivering with anticipation, could take it no more.

“Human,” he said, “play me a song. Any song. Stop teasing me like this.”

Filanas du Arba grinned. “Any song?” Well, there was an old melody that he’d been playing with, and he’d improvise lyrics as he went along. Already, words were coming unbidden to his mind.

“Settle down, my Prince, and I shall play you a song.” The Prince’s face broke into a rapturous smile, and he sidled up beside Filanas. “It’s one that I’ve only now just written.”

Yes, the opening notes were easy enough, and as he played the old spirit seemed to flow into him. This, now, this was music!

“How sweet I roam’d from field to field,” he sang, “and tasted all the summer’s pride...till I the Prince of Love beheld, who in those sunny beams did glide...”

The Prince smiled and leaned against Filanas, who looped an arm around the fae’s slender waist.

“He showed me lilies for my hair, and blushing roses for my brow.” The Prince, on cue, spun a garland of blossoms from the air, giggling. “He led me through his gardens fair, where all his golden pleasures grow.”

“With sweet May dews my wings were wet, and Phoebus fired my vocal rage. He caught me in his silken net, and shut me in his golden cage.”

The Prince shivered, imagining the scene that Filanas described. The bard made a note of the reaction as he continued.

“He loves to sit and hear me sing...then, laughing, sports and plays with me; then stretches out my golden wing, and mocks my loss of liberty.”

With a flourish, Filanas concluded his swiftly-composed song. The Prince was breathing deeply, eyes closed, all but lost to the world. Filanas waited to hear the verdict.

“Wow,” the Prince said finally. “That...that was all I could’ve hoped for.” He opened his eyes, a slightly bashful smile on his face. “Was I supposed to be the Prince in that story, or his prisoner?”

“Well, which would you like to be?” Filanas poked the fae in the side. “It’s up to you what you do with yourself. You might like taking a turn as one or the other.”

The fae made a dismissive gesture. “Oh, I’m not actually much of a prince,” he said. “This patch of forest isn’t exactly prospering.” He sighed. “Sometimes I wonder what I’m doing here.”

Filanas looked at him. “Well, you don’t have to stay. I know plenty of folks who came from the forests, the mountains, all sorts of places, who came to the city and start a new life.” There were multitudes of people in the city of Aversol, all looking for a future. The virtuous and the ribald, the insignificant and the well-known.

“Mmm.” The Prince mulled it over.

“And,” Filanas said, “by way of advice, if I were you I’d keep the title. It’s a point of distinction. Something to set you apart, to be used as a signature.”

“If you say so.” The Prince was agreeable enough to that suggestion. “I just...I want an adventure. You’ve been places, haven’t you?”

“Of course! I’ve been all over,” the bard declared proudly, “from the Kreen lands to the outskirts of Cathay!” And, to be fair, had been thrown out of a town or two, usually after seducing somebody important.

“I don’t know if I want to travel that far,” the Prince said. “I just...I want to get out of here. Just for a bit. Maybe,” he said, the words tumbling out, “somewhere I can...listen to music? And, uh, you know,” he blushed, “explore...things. Um.” He looked plaintively at Filanas. “Could you help with that?”

Filanas laughed. Well, the heat would’ve died down in Aversol by now. What was life without a little risk? Besides, he knew the perfect opportunity. “Don’t worry, my Prince. I know just whom to introduce you to....”

-----

It was some months before Filanas could return to the Tarnished Amethyst, one of his favorite dens of iniquity. The building was rather more crowded than he remembered.

“P-please!” A familiar voice, begging.

Deftly maneuvering through the crowd, Filanas was able to get a clear view of the stage. The Prince had settled in, it seemed; for today’s performance, he was bound tightly and suspended with ropes. A tall but surprisingly lean-muscled orc stood behind him. The orc’s hands were holding the fae’s hips; by the looks of things, he’d been gently fucking the lust-drunk fae for quite some time.

“Please! I’ll suck your cock!”

There was some laughter from the audience. “Of course you will,” the orc replied.

A moan escaped the fae’s lips. He was enjoying himself, Filanas could tell. Practically his entire lower body was glistening with lubricant, and the orc’s fingers, he saw now, were at work smearing the stuff over the fae’s torso as well. He’d had practice, even if the Prince might have been rather less experienced, and those fingers deftly drew out whimpers and gasps from the trembling, tormented fae.

The show had been scheduled to start an hour ago. As Filanas watched the orc rub the clear, slick liquid over the fae’s nipples and under his arms, making him squeal, he thought about just how much the Prince must have already endured.

“Now, you’ve been a good boy,” the orc said soothingly, “and good boys deserve a reward, right?”

The Prince nodded frantically. “Yes! Oh, yes, please!”

“Well?” The orc turned to the audience. “What do you think? Should we let him have his reward?” Several people cheered; he seemed to take that as an affirmative. “Okay, boys!” The orc addressed several men in the back, who readied their violins. “Let ‘im have it!”

In unison, four bows drew a single long note from four sets of strings. The Prince might have kept it together; but then the players leapt into a frantic cacophony of sound. He screamed. The audience roared with laughter as the slender fae hit his climax, as he splattered cum across the floor in front of him. The orc took advantage of his gyrating body to finally hilt himself in the Prince’s ass, grunting as he also reached his limit. Already shaken by orgasm, the Prince’s eyes rolled back as the orc came inside of him.

“What a show!” An announcer stepped forward, beckoning to his assistants. The Prince was swiftly untied and helped to his feet, still shaking with the aftershocks. They rubbed him down with damp cloths, cleaning most of the sticky fluids from his body, though Filanas could see they focused almost teasingly on the boy’s thighs. Not that the fae seemed to mind. “What a show!” the announcer repeated, “and again, we are deeply honored to continue hosting Aversol’s newest sensation! Let’s give it up for the one, the only, Prince of the Forest!”

Wild cheering and applause erupted from the audience, and more than a few appreciative whistles. The Prince blushed, smiling shyly as he bowed.

“Now, we hope to see all of you here tomorrow,” the announcer continued, “for a special event! Ladies and gentlefolk, ticket prices are double at tomorrow’s show when our lovely Prince takes on his first group scene!” The applause redoubled as the Prince’s blush seemed to deepen. His wings, still bright despite the distance from his native woods, fluttered briefly.

The satisfied crowd was beginning to disperse. Filanas pushed his way through; he’d almost reached the stage when the Prince noticed him.

“Filanas!” Still naked the fae practically leapt into his arms. “Oh, Filanas,” he gushed, “thank you so very much for bringing me here!”

“And a hello to you too, my Prince,” Filanas laughed. “I’m glad to see you’re having a good time.”

“Oh, I am! I’m having so much fun, thank you so so much for introducing me to these people! More music than I’ve ever heard in my life! Th-that’s how they pay me, you know. And with money.” The Prince pulled back a bit so that he could look the bard in the eye. “Were you looking to spend the night?” he asked eagerly. “I do private sessions too, nothing booked right now, but if you have the coin...”

Filanas shook his head. “I’m afraid I’ll have to pass for now. I’ve got a bit of a ‘business meeting’ with an associate of mine.” He pointed into the crowd. A sumptuously-dressed lady waved back at him.

“Well, don’t let me get in the way,” the Prince said, “or perhaps I could join in? I’m sure your friend there would love to watch you do alllll sorts of naughty things to me,” he said with a wink.

Filanas smiled. “No, it really is a business meeting. I’m looking to get patronage to write songs full-time now. Although,” he admitted, “I might get a little action from her on the side. I’d hardly be a bard if I didn’t.”

“See!” the Prince teased him. “If she puts up with you, she definitely won’t be able to resist this!” He wiggled his ass coquettishly.

Laughing, Filanas smacked the fae’s bottom, causing him to yelp suddenly and spin back around. “Okay! Fine!” He pulled the Prince close to him. “Meet us in our room in half an hour, upstairs, third door on the left,” he whispered into the fae’s ear. “And don’t bother to dress up.”

“Yes sir!” The Prince was practically dancing with glee. “I’ll see you then!” He flitted off, pausing briefly to blow a kiss, and was gone.

Turning back to his prospective patron, Filanas couldn’t help but grin to himself. Things were going pretty well. If she liked the show, then having the Prince along would definitely be worth it. He hummed to himself. Ah, right, that was another thing. Perhaps she’d be interested in helping to popularize his new song, too.

“How sweet I roam’d from field to field...“