 Gateway City, a vast metropolis, held many attractions for its citizens and visiting tourists both. Like many American cities it was a melting pot of culture catering to nearly any interest. People traveled to the city from all corners of the world to see its museums, art galleries, parks, theaters, and concert halls. The Keppler Building boasted the highest view possible in the Midwest, dwarfing the skyscrapers of nearby St. Louis. Gateway City hosted professional teams in each of the major sports, including two Major League baseball franchises, along with several minor-league teams. In those respects Gateway City was no different from New York, Los Angeles, or Chicago. But Gateway City did offer one thing no other city in the world could boast...

More giant robots per-capita than anywhere else on earth.

"Aw, crap," Mega-Girl grumbled as she flew high over the city. "Not another giant robot."

The steel behemoth was no less than twenty stories in height, with legs and arms the size of tanker trucks. A massive cannon was mounted on each shoulder and it was shooting laser beams out of its lone eye - melting any approaching police cars. Fortunately there weren't any pedestrians in the area; the robot was lumbering and slow, giving people time to flee.

It 'spoke' from a large speaker in its mouth, remotely transmitting the voice of its master.

"...bzzzt...citizens of Gateway City! Behold the power of the Robot Master! You have no hope of defying me! Your police cannot defend you ...bzzzt... against the power of my Cyclops Mark II robot. It is my greatest creation...bzzzt..."

Mega-Girl thrust her fists forward, angling her flight into the robot's path. Its destination was obvious given the wake of destruction behind it: Claremont Bridge – the city's main access over the Mississippi River.

She feared for the S.W.A.T. van approaching from First Avenue as the robot's eye turned towards the vehicle and began to glow bright green. Like a streak of crimson, Mega-Girl flew into the path of the robot's laser and intercepted the blast with her own body.

"Uhn!" she grunted as the force of the beam hurled her towards the street. She slammed into the roof of a parked taxi cab, crushing the sedan in a violent impact of shattering glass and wrinkling metal. Thankfully no one was inside.

"...bzzzt...Mega-Girl! You DARE defy the Robot Master!?! Not even you can stop Cyclops Mark II! ...bzzzt... People of Gateway City - your protectors are powerless to stop me! ...bzzzt... I demand that the city's stores of plutonium be turned over to me immediately; otherwise I will destroy you all! ...bzzzt...I'll start with the Claremont Bridge and its innocent rush-hour commuters. None are safe! ...bzzzt..."

Mega-Girl peeled her petite form from the steel wreckage of the taxi and dusted herself off. When she turned her attention back to the robot she saw its shoulder cannons taking aim, "Oh, shi-"

They fired simultaneously with a thunderous boom. The entire street around Mega-Girl was engulfed in a massive explosion of fire and smoke. Nearby building windows shattered from the force of the blast and it triggered car alarms as far as ten blocks away.

"...bzzzt...hahahahahah! You see? No one can defy the Robot Master! Not even Mega-Girl, your most powerful hero can protect you! You must meet my demands or face imminent destruction...bzzzt..."

It took several long moments for the smoke to finally clear, but when it did Mega-Girl was still standing. Her normally wavy blonde hair was frazzled into a chaotic mess and charcoal-like streaks stained her entire form. She wiped the skin-tight sleeve of her tattered red costume across her mouth, cleaning her lips of soot, and looked up at the robot with an irritated expression.

"My turn," she muttered.

Grabbing the crumpled wreckage of the taxi cab next to her, Mega-Girl lifted it above her head as though it weighed no more than a beach ball. Flexing mega-fueled arms she hurled the makeshift missile directly towards the robot's head.

"...bzzzt...what!? No one could have survived tha-"

The throw was true, knocking the head off the robot and halting the massive colossus. With the robot temporarily staggered, Mega-Girl sprinted forward and grabbed its ankle, digging her hands into its steel flesh. Rending it easily, Mega-Girl pulled with all of her strength. A shower of sparks erupted above her as she pulled the leg from the robot's hip socket. Somehow it was able to maintain its balance, but the robot simply stood unmoving on one foot. With its central brain core removed, which was located in its severed head, the robot was unable to receive any further remote commands.

Mega-Girl took advantage.

Using the tanker-sized leg as a massive club, she swung mightily and took the robot's other leg out from under it. The towering behemoth fell to the street with a thunderous crash! Victorious, she casually tossed the leg on top of the defeated robot's carcass and dusted her gloved hands off against one another.

MG? MG, can you hear me?

Mega-Girl lifted her hand and was surprised the blue-tooth device at her ear had survived the earlier explosion. "I'm here, Harbinger," she replied.

I'm getting reports of a giant robot downtown.

Mega-Girl looked herself over to make sure she was still decent. Her spandex was full of tears and blackened from the robot's cannons, but at least her naughty parts remained covered, "Yeah, I just trashed it. I ruined another costume, though."

We're going to have to start buying them in bulk. Are you okay?

"I'm fine. Start looking into the Robot Master, would you? Dig up whatever you can. I'm going to stick around here for a while and help the authorities clean up. This robot made a huge mess."

Will do, MG. Harbinger out.

