 The air began to sizzle and snap with electricity upon a skyscraper balcony high above Gateway City. A singular sphere of light appeared and expanded, pulsing with energy, before collapsing back in on itself and leaving a man behind. He was tall and muscled, with long blond hair and a clean-shaven, square-jawed face. The man wore armor that made him seem plucked from a time long past, like a Roman soldier who had no idea his empire had crumbled centuries prior. 

"Hey," a woman's voice spoke from behind, causing the man to turn towards a sliding glass door. 

She was still a girl, really, only nineteen years-old and full of youthful vibrancy. Leaning against the door frame she was wearing a men's tank top and briefs, both white, which exposed her slender legs and toned arms. Long, wavy hair was tied back into a lazy ponytail. 

"I used your shower and borrowed some of your clothes," Penny told him, "I hope you don't mind." 

Regarding the 5'7" blonde, he quickly became overcome by how alluring she looked wearing his under-garments. Apollo dropped his spear and helmet to the balcony floor and stalked towards her. Penny helped him close the gap, pressing her body against his leather skirt and breastplate while his muscled arms curled around her. They kissed with the passion of familiar lovers, Penny pushing her tongue into Apollo's mouth and curling a bare leg around one of his. 

The two had woken up from the slumber of death in different locations and hadn't seen one another since returning from Hades, earlier that morning. Penny awoke in a coffin, buried in a cemetery, while Apollo's body had been at Hercules' farm in Texas. Penny flew to Apollo's after a quick visit to her mother and had been awaiting his arrival. 

"You came for me," she whispered with a heated breath against his lips, "You died for me." 

"Aye," Apollo sucked on her lower lip for a moment. They kissed some more before Apollo continued, "I could not bear another day of life without thee." 

Penny began unfastening and pulling at the straps of Apollo's armor; he lifted his breastplate off and let it fall to the balcony floor beside his helmet. She ripped the sleeveless tunic he was wearing beneath, tearing it off his body to reveal his hairless torso. "I can't believe you did that," she pulled his skirt of hardened leather off next, "I can't believe you went to Hades to rescue me." 

"I love thee," Apollo offered as a reason for his actions. 

She kissed him again, heatedly, rubbing her body against his, which encouraged Apollo to paw at her petite frame. Penny lifted to her bare tippy-toes when she felt his hands grab her cotton-covered butt, throwing her arms around Apollo's shoulders as he began sucking on the side of her neck. "I need you inside me," she whispered, tilting her head so that her long hair fell away from his attentions, "I need you to remind me what it feels like to be alive." 

Apollo slid his hand beneath the elastic hem of the briefs she was wearing, the overly large underwear sliding off her legs easily. He spun her around, so Penny's back was to him, and bent her over the balcony railing. An excited gasp escaped Penny's mouth as Apollo handled her with such authority and she let him have his way. She looked down at the city below, the morning rush hour just beginning, as Apollo mounted her from behind. Arching her back, Penny pressed her bottom towards Apollo's invading cock and felt his hands slide beneath the thin cotton material of the sleeveless undershirt she was wearing and clutch at her breasts. 

"Fuck me," she moaned breathlessly. Penny imagined someone in a nearby skyscraper arriving to work and glancing out their office window to see them fucking on the wide open balcony, the exhibitionist thoughts turning her on 

Apollo grunted, aroused by Penny's wanton behavior, and began to swiftly hump against her. His hands groped at her breasts, their weight hanging beneath her sternum, until he felt her nipples grow taut against his rough palms. He quickly found a swift rhythm, Apollo's hips slapping audibly against her butt, and Penny simply left her weight on the brick rail and let Apollo take his pleasure. 

"Fuck me," she repeated, her tone practically begging. Apollo's thrusts grew in intensity almost immediately and his hands mauled at her breasts, squeezing and clutching at them hungrily. His arms were stretching the material of the tank top she had on, despite the fact that the men's garment was already loose on her hourglass frame. 

"Oh fuck," Penny's entire body shuddered with pleasure as Apollo took his own. She enjoyed being Apollo's slam-piece and grew more and more aroused the rougher he manhandled her. When Apollo let go of her breasts and took Penny by the wrists, pulling her arms straight back and behind her, she was without any leverage and helpless against his deep thrusts. "Uhn! Oh god... make me your woman," she gasped at him, "Use me, use my body... oh god, Apollo... oh fuck..." 

Apollo pinned one of her arms against the small of her back. With his other hand he grabbed her by the neck and pulled her torso up, so that her back pressed against his smooth chest. Penny turned her head and pressed her lips against his jaw line until he kissed her. Their mouths remained locked as he fucked her, tongues entwined with heated passion. Orgasmic spasms echoed through Penny's entire body and her sex leaked its pleasure profusely, her fluids dripping out and wetting Apollo's scrotum and pubic hair. 

"Penelope," Apollo moaned with a suddenly desperate voice. Her sexy body was writhing against him, her orgasm shuddering around his cock, and he sensed his own pending explosion. 

"Are you going to cum?" she asked distractedly, nearly lost to the moment but cognizant enough to sense the arousal in Apollo's voice. 

"Aye," he grunted, his thrusting hips thundering behind her. 

"Do it inside me," she begged, "I'm your lioness... your seed belongs inside me... cum inside me, my lion." 

Apollo growled at her words and pushed himself deeply into her sex. Penny could feel the wet heat of his orgasm spilling into her innards as Apollo's body went rigid. Only his hips moved, bucking sharply as he emptied his pleasure into her. She had to prop herself against the balcony with outstretched arms as Apollo humped his orgasm free, losing control of his super-human strength. Penny took it as only she could, as only someone as sturdy as a Greek god was able. 

When it was over, Apollo withdrew from her sheath and a long bead of his semen followed. It leaked out and fell to the balcony floor between her legs. Penny reached between her thighs and caught some of it on her fingers, drawing it to her lips for a taste. She imagined the rest of his cum inside her womb, penetrating her egg, making her pregnant. The thoughts were not displeasing. Penny realized Apollo was the only man on Earth who could truly claim her. He was the only man with enough strength and power to make any dominion over her real; and when it came to lovemaking Penny had a very submissive nature. Apollo satisfied her sexual needs completely. 

Penny turned to face him, letting Apollo see her lick his pleasure off her fingers. She never looked sexier to his eyes, standing in the morning sun with his tank top hanging off her slender figure; her sizable cleavage was barely contained by the stretched-out material and her blonde hair was a wild mess from their lovemaking. She was naked from the waist down and her toned thighs were still quivering with the aftermath of orgasm. 

"Thy beauty is unrivaled," he told her. 

Penny sat on the balcony rail and lifted a bare foot to Apollo's hip, bracing it beside his slowly softening cock. "Do you want to fuck me again?" she proposed in a sultry tone. 

"I have been without my lioness far too long," Apollo said, pushing her foot out of the way and stepping between her legs, "I would have you all day." 

Penny smiled and wrapped her ankles around his waist as Apollo grabbed her by the butt and lifted her into the air, "You better take me inside, lover, before a traffic copter flies by and we end up on the evening news." 

======= 

Slipping quietly into a cozy dorm room, Jordan closed the door behind her. "Thank god the dorms here are co-ed," she said, drying her long red hair with a fluffy towel; a second towel was wrapped around her tanned figure, "I really needed a shower." 

Travis was seated at a desk in front of his laptop, bathed in the light of a small lamp; it was still early in the morning and the sun had barely risen. "I only see one potential problem," he said, wearing a pair of baggy cargo shorts and a tee shirt. 

"I just came back from being dead," she seemed to be in an excellent mood, "Any other problems I might have are small potatoes compared to that." 

"You don't have any clothes," Travis reminded her, "Except the dress you were buried in." 

Jordan's face soured at the thought of again wearing something that was on her dead corpse for a month underground, "You burnt that, right?" 

"I will," Travis promised with a grin, "But unless you're planning on walking around in a towel, I'll need to come up with something for you to wear." 

"Don't worry about it," Jordan gestured dismissively, "When I talked to my mom she said she still has some of my stuff boxed up. She'll bring clothes by later. Until then, you'll just have to put up with my nakedness." 

Travis regarded her flawless legs and scratched his temple, "Shouldn't be a problem." 

Looking for some skin moisturizer in Travis' closet, Jordan spotted something that looked like a woman's bathing suit folded beneath some of his clothes. Curious, she pulled it out and held up the garment; it was a Mega-Girl costume. 

Travis saw what she was looking at, "Oh, um, Penny left that here when she was staying with me. After the funeral I couldn't bring myself to get rid of it." 

"Yeah," Jordan nodded, staring at the costume, "She mentioned she was staying here with you, after I died." 

"Nothing happened," he was quick to mention, sensing some sudden tension. 

She exhaled a humorless laugh, "Penny said the exact same thing." 

"It's true," Travis watched her, gauging her sudden shift in mood. 

"I believe you," Jordan replaced the costume, "But the fact that you both had to assure me nothing happened tells me something easily could have happened." She turned towards him and asked bluntly, "Are you in love with Penny?" 

"I..." Travis started, pausing to consider the unexpected question. 

"You were at her grave," Jordan pointed out. 

"Huh?" Travis looked to her with no small amount of fluster. 

"This morning, when we came back to life, you were at the cemetery visiting Penny's grave," Jordan pushed a hand through her hair trying to pretend that it didn't bother her as much as it did, "Not mine." 

"I don't want to date a superhero," Travis stated definitively. 

"I believe that too," Jordan smiled weakly, "But that doesn't mean you're not in love with her. The heart wants what it wants, you know? I never wanted to fall for my roommate's ex-boyfriend, for example, but I did." 

"Yeah, well..." Travis sighed, "I didn't want to fall for my ex-girlfriend's roommate, but I did. I guess if I'm being honest, I wasn't completely over Penny yet when that happened, but I know I want to be with you." 

Jordan turned around and let her towel fall to the floor, displaying her butt long enough to pull one of Travis' tee-shirts over her head. The thing was far too large and protected her modesty well enough, falling to her upper thighs. "I get it," she spoke while changing, "I really do. And I don't mind being your second choice, Travis, as long as I'm really the girl you want to be with. I can't be the girl that's right in your brain, but not your heart. I need to be both." 

"That's fair," Travis stood, "Look, I have to go." 

Jordan glanced at him, wondering where he had to go at six o'clock in the morning. 

"I tried out for the baseball team," he explained, "Me and some of the other guys meet every weekday to work out in the morning, before classes start." 

"You play baseball?" she smiled. 

"I did in high school. After losing you and Penny I went to the GCU spring try-outs," Travis bent to slide a duffel bag out from under his bed, "I needed something to get my mind off losing my two closest friends." 

As Travis slung the bag over a shoulder Jordan approached him and placed a hand at his cheek, "I hope you don't feel like I'm pressuring you. I'm not. We have plenty of time to figure all this out." 

Travis nodded at her with a warm regard, "Just one thing..." 

Jordan raised her brows, "Yeah?" 

"You have a really sexy butt." 

Jordan laughed and placed a quick kiss on his lips. 

"Will you be okay here for an hour or two?" Travis asked, "I feel like I'm running out on you right after you've come back from being dead." 

"I need some sleep anyway," Jordan didn't seem to mind, "Go work out, I'll still be here when you get back. Hopefully my mom will have dropped some clothes off by then and we can go get some brunch or something." 

======= 

Apollo rolled and reached to a drawer at the bedside stand, pulling out a small rectangular plate of wood. It looked ancient, like something out of a museum, and likely was indeed very old. From the same drawer he found a plastic baggy full of marijuana. 

Penny was lying next to him in the bed, a sheet haphazardly draped over her naked form. Her hair was a mess and her face was flush from hours of lovemaking. She glanced aside as Apollo pinched some pot out of the bag and began breaking it up on the plate. "What are you doing?" she wondered curiously, sitting up beside him and clutching the sheet to her chest. 

"I want to smoke," Apollo replied casually, "I like to smoke after marathon sex." 

Penny blushed and smiled shyly, "We have been at it for a few hours, haven't we... is that marijuana?" 

"Aye," Apollo's fingers ground the dried pot buds into a fine powder. 

"That's illegal," Penny pointed out as she watched him, not exactly judging. 

Apollo snorted, "There are many laws of men I choose to ignore." 

"Fair enough," Penny leaned in curiously, "I've never smoked pot." 

"We can share it," Apollo assured her. 

"I probably shouldn't," she pushed a hand through her tangled hair in an effort to sort it out, "I'm already in enough trouble after killing Deathstalker. Before I died, the World League was going to take me into custody. Once the police find out I'm alive again they'll want me to answer for my actions; the last thing I'll need is drugs in my system." 

Apollo reached for some rolling papers, "Do you regret killing him?" 

Penny shook her head, "I probably should, but I don't. He was a monster." 

"Deathstalker was a fiend and a killer. You saved more lives than you ended by killing that villainous cur. How many more would have died by his hands?" 

"But we're not supposed to be judge, jury, and executioner. The costume should mean something - that we stand for order and justice. If we don't, we're just a bunch of colorful vigilantes. What I did was wrong. Even if I don't feel any remorse, I realize that much is true." 

Apollo licked the rolling paper and sealed it shut, "The world is a better place without Deathstalker in it. I will not allow anyone to arrest thee, Penelope. The entire World League would taste my wrath should they attempt to detain my lioness ever again." 

"That's sweet," Penny smiled, "But I can take care of myself." 

Apollo glanced at her with a dry expression, "I had to rescue thy soul from the realm of death." 

Penny became playfully defensive, "That's not fair! Remember who rescued you from that army of demons when we were in Hades?" 

Apollo snorted before placing the joint between his lips. His hands cupped to light it with a plastic Bic. 

"I love that you're so protective of me," she kissed his shoulder, "I really do. And sometimes I need you to be my knight in shining armor. But let me deal with my legal problems, okay?" 

Apollo exhaled a plume of smoke, "Thy might is beyond mortal prisons. To jail thee would be a comical farce that you could escape from easily." 

"That doesn't mean I can act above the law. Besides, they'd probably stick me in the Blockade, where they keep all the super-baddies." 

Apollo sucked down another toke then offered the joint to Penny with a gesture. 

She shook her head at the offer, "Promise me you won't beat-up the World League if they try to arrest me? I thought they were your friends - you used to be on the team, after all." 

"They kicked me out," Apollo said as though he couldn't care less, returning the joint to his lips. 

"Really? Why?" 

"I killed a man." 

"Seriously?" 

"Mortal society has grown too soft on criminals," Apollo reached for an ashtray on his nightstand, "It used to be that thieves had their hands cut off and murderers were hung from gallows. You did nothing wrong, Penelope. Deathstalker deserved his death at thy hands and I will have words with anyone who claims otherwise. The World League has become a team of government puppets, unfit for thy respect. If they seek to imprison my lioness they will become mine enemies and learn keenly the might of Apollo." 

Penny sighed helplessly, "God help me; it turns me on when you talk like that." 

"Why would God need to help you?" Apollo asked literally, stubbing the joint out before placing the ashtray aside. 

"Because the feminists would revoke my girl-card if they heard me," she kissed his shoulder again and reached for his flaccid cock. 

Apollo glanced down to her hand and lifted a brow. 

"I want to make you cum again," Penny murmured. 

Apollo smiled, a rare occurrence on his usually dour face. 

"You have such a nice cock," she grinned demurely, fondling and playing with his penis so that it would grow erect, "I like to watch it cum." 

Apollo trimmed his pubic hair and maintained a half-inch of length, though his scrotum was smooth. Erect, his penis was nine inches with a crowning mushroom head and enviable girth. As Penny began caressing the shaft it quickly grew to its aroused stature; she exhaled an impressed breath at its size. 

"No matter how many times you cum," she marveled, "You can always get hard again." 

"One of the many benefits of being an Olympian," he replied, leaning back against the bed's headboard to watch her play. He slipped an arm around her and caressed Penny's bare back, causing her to slink her petite frame against his side. 

"I love it," she ran the tips of her fingers along the underside of his shaft as it grew and lay on his belly. It twitched slightly at her teasing touch. 

"It is thine," he whispered. 

Penny glanced at him, "Hmm?" 

"My cock," he clarified, "It is thine. No other shall ever experience its magnificence for as long as I am with thee." 

Penny held back a laugh, "You're so arrogant sometimes. I mean, it is magnificent - don't get me wrong. But you shouldn't brag." 

Apollo snorted, "Another Olympian trait." 

"I appreciate your sentiment," she craned her neck to give him a sweet kiss on the cheek, "It's good to know I'm the only woman in your life." As she began stroking his erection with a tight grip, Penny leaned over to spit some lubricating saliva over her hand. Apollo sucked in a breath, turned-on by her efforts, and reached to grab one of her hanging breasts. Penny smiled at his touch. "You haven't been able to keep your hands off my boobs all morning," she noted, not displeased. 

"Thy body arouses me," he spoke with his deep, baritone voice. Apollo kneaded his fingers into her breast flesh, caressing its nipple with a thumb until it grew taut. 

Penny was having a tough time concentrating on masturbating him, his hand creating tingles of pleasure through her breast. "That feels good," she murmured, laying her head against his muscled chest and curling a leg over his. 
