 "So you want to be a cop?" The middle-aged women in the police captain's uniform asked.

"Yes, very much," I answered with as much conviction as I could muster. I studied the Captain as she paused to decide on her next statement. She was a heavy set woman with a too large nose. It was red and covered with broken veins. The nose made her look as though she might be a heavy drinker.

"I don't know what the bureau will say about that. You know how they want to protect you guys at all cost. They might not like the idea of you out patrolling the streets," she finally commented.

"You know better than anyone how little violent crime there is in Greenpoint." I suggested. Hoping I could find the words to convince her to at least give me an opportunity.

"I know, but I doubt seriously anyone will pay any attention to a small town cop's opinion. Those women up there can get pretty hysterical when it comes to your kind," she informed me.

"I know, but they did turn me loose. The government has said I can do anything I want. They even gave me the right to sue for that chance. Besides, I have to do something, and this is what I want to do," I explained, trying to threaten and still maintain my composure.

The Captain seemed to be weighing all her options before she went on. "You know it's going to be hard on you. I mean, you will be the only man on the force," the Captain informed me of the obvious.

"I know, but we have to start coming back somewhere. I mean, the women will just have to accept us," I replied firmly. I tried to make her understand that I was determined to have this job, no matter what the cost.

"I don't know, there isn't even anyone left on the force who remembers the last time we had a man in uniform. There haven't been any men any where in the last twenty years," the Captain said thoughtfully.

"There are going to be lots more of us leaving the institute from now on," I informed her.

"Not really, after your batch, it will be fifteen more years before the others start coming out," the Captain stated confidently. At least she seemed to be familiar with the facts.

"I know, but you won't be able to stop the flood, once it begins," I informed her. "When this next batch comes out, it will be a steady stream from then on.

"Tell you what," she said, "Let me call the agency, if they approve, I will go along." The Captain didn't look happy about it.

"Thank you Captain," I said as I stood to shake her hand.

"You may want to wait on the thanks. At least until you see how the others treat you," she said. "You do have one thing going for you, at least you won't have to go through rookie school with them. Fortunately for all of us the institute took care of all that. You are a damned sight better trained than our usual rookie."

"How soon do you think I will know?" I asked excitedly.

"I'll make the request this afternoon. We should hear something in a day or two," the Captain explained in a deadpan voice.

"Thanks again," I said as I turned for the door.

The trolley ride home was a nightmare. I was surrounded by women who looked at me either like a freak, or with open hostility. I could feel both the anger and the curiosity in their eyes. I searched their faces, trying to find just one friendly expression. There simply were none. The women all seemed to be telling me with their eyes, that I was not welcome to their society. I suppose it was because I was the symbol of the changes coming. There attitudes were so obviously threatening that I swore I would stop riding the trolleys just as soon as humanly possible.

I returned to my small apartment to await the Captain's decision. I knew it wouldn't really be her decision to make. The Government had trained me for this job. They wanted all the orphans to get good jobs on the outside. I was pretty sure they didn't have high level management jobs in mind. Just jobs good enough for us to earn a decent living. As far as the agency went, I would have their permission in a matter of hours. If there were going to be a problem, it would be with the local police department. Even if that were the case, the government had promised to help. I really hoped that wouldn't become necessary.

For the next two days, I sat around my stifling apartment over the small independent drugstore. It was hot, but I dared not leave. I tried to watch the TV, but the shows were too phony for me to get enjoy. Thanks to the world of digital TV there were men in the shows, but they were mostly the heavies. At the institute they tried to explain that the stereotyping wasn't intentional. I always thought their arguments amounted to just so much bull. I expected the shows were made less for entertainment, than to convince the women that they didn't need men. For sure that had been the purpose twenty-one years ago, now it just made for good TV drama. If you were a woman, there had to be something comforting about being able to whip any man's ass. I understood that it had been expedient twenty years ago. Now that we were reemerging into society, I feared all this crap was going to add to our assimilation problems. I actually feared there might be massive discrimination created by all the TV crap. The Captain had pretty much insinuated there would be a certain amount of friction between me and the women. How could they trust a man after seeing us constantly portrayed as idiots or criminals. I expected the worst.

The general population followed a radically different distribution pattern than the orphans. There were plenty of women over twenty one, but none between the ages of eight and twenty-one. The eight and under set had been born from artificial insemination. I have no idea how many children I had fathered, but there had to be plenty of them running around. I, like every other orphan, had donated sperm from our twelfth birthday, until leaving the institute. In my case it had been up until a couple of weeks ago. I was in the last batch to leave our particular orphanage. I knew for a fact there would be no more releases until the sons, of men like me, reached twenty one. The orphanages would be closed one day. That would happen only when the population had recovered from the devastating effects of the plague. 

As a matter of fact, I had volunteered to continue donating once a week as long as the state of emergency existed. With the new orphans populations increasing rapidly, there might soon be no need for me to donate at all. In just a few more years they would be producing sperm. At a rate of four to six pregnancies per donation, odds were that the population would stabilize in a couple of generations.

The call came a couple of days later. I was surprised to find that I had been accepted. I was informed I would begin work with the next rotation of the D squad. The patrol division of the cops was divided into four different squads. Three working different, and rotating shifts at any given time. The fourth shift, would be taking it's days off, while the other three squads worked.

I had exactly two days to be fitted for a uniform. I went to be sworn in on the third day after my visit with the Captain. The gun belts and other gear fit just fine. The stores officer even managed to find me some slacks which weren't too bad a fit. The problem came with the uniform shirts. All the shirts had pleats, obviously designed for women. Without breasts to fill the pleats, the shirts bagged terribly. The stores officer gave me the name of a retail store, where the officers with flat chests bought their shirts. She informed me the store sold shirts without pleats. 

I went immediately to the store carrying a handful of patches with me. As the officer had promised, the woman who owned the store had the shirts. She even agreed to have the patches sewn on for me. I had expected that she would, for an extra charge. I bought three shirts, it was the same number which had been issued to me.

"You know," the store's owner commented, "I am forty two years old, and you are the first man I have seen in twenty years."

I assessed her while she paused to collect her thoughts. She was mildly attractive but definitely too old for me. "I don't suppose you would be interested in breeding me?" she asked boldly.

"I'm sorry, I don't do that. There are a few of my friends who's ambition it was to be professional breeders. I don't know how to get in touch with them, but I'm sure they will be hanging out at the bars," I informed her.

"Oh no, I don't want a pro. I would rather have someone who does it for fun. Paying for it, just doesn't seem the same somehow," she admitted.

"Would you answer a question for me?" I asked.

"If I can," she agreed.

"You grew up in the pre-plague world. What was it like to have men around?" I asked.

"It was damned sight different, that much I do remember. I can remember making love with a man, while trying not to have a baby. Now they tell us, any kind of birth control is illegal. I seriously doubt they needed to make it illegal. Most of the women I know would love to have a baby. At least a girl baby," she said with a far away look in her eyes.

"Do all women hate men that much?" I asked.

"Not at all, it's just that the government takes the male children to the institute. Nobody wants to have their child taken away." she said with finality in her voice. She grew quiet for a long time then said, "your shirts will be ready tomorrow."

I nodded as I turned to leave. I caught the trolley back to my little apartment. About the only women who had real cars were the cops, and the executives. Probably ninety percent of the population rode the trolleys. The cops needed cars, and the rich could afford them, so naturally they were the ones with the cars. Even though cars were expensive, and inconvenient in the town, there were enough rich women to keep the streets congested. I had been told, the traffic ticket most often issued, was for failing to yield right of way to the trolleys. 

When I arrived home, I realized I had only two more days to get the old Byrd running again. The Byrd was an automobile of sorts. I had read enough history to know that by pre-plague standards, it was no more than a bad joke. A woman in Denver had designed the small electric motor for the Byrd. The body was a lightweight fiberglass affair. The Byrd resembled a covered golf cart more than anything else. The Byrd was popular with women who lived just outside of the towns. It provided a means for them to get into town. 'For work or play, the Byrd's the way' so went their advertising.

The only good thing about the electric motors, was that they seldom really broke down. Most of the time, a new set of brushes was enough to make them operable again. I had replaced both the brushes and the armature. The motor was almost completely new. Even though it had taken a couple of days, it had been worth it. The next problem, and probably the worst, was finding batteries for the Byrd. The parts store sold new batteries, and even a few rebuilt ones. The cost of the batteries was unbelievably expensive. Even the rebuilt ones would run a month's salary for a rookie cop. 

The best I had been able to do was go to the battery recycling yard. There with my test meter, I checked probably a couple of hundred batteries. It wasn't hard to do, but it was time consuming. I hoped to find a set some uninformed woman had traded. With a little luck, I would find a whole set which had been traded at the same time. In the set of ten batteries, usually only two or three burnt out at any given time. The good ones were mixed with the batteries from the parts stores. At a parts store, women tended to trade in only the individual worn out battery. The clerks usually checked the batteries for a customer, so she generally knew which ones had gone bad. Those customers would buy only one or two batteries at a time. Consequently most of the batteries I tested were worn out.

Over the last week, I had found a couple each day. On that last day. I completed my full set of ten. I had a really good day and came up with a couple of spares. During my searches the woman who owned the recycling plant cut me a deal on the price. She offered to give them to me in exchange for a quick breeding, but I resisted. Once the new, old batteries were installed, I gave them a quick charge. I charged them just enough to test the car. I was a little surprised that it ran at all. I had felt confident in my ability to repair the car, but I was still surprised.

I set the Byrd up for a deep charge while I returned to the retail store for my shirts. The trolley system was efficient, but time consuming. Not so much in the speed that it traveled, as in all the stops it made. It took me two hours to pick up the shirts from the store which was no more than five miles from my apartment. Even with the Byrd's top end speed of twenty-five miles an hour, I would have cut that time to half an hour.

Almost all the restaurants in town were on the trolley route, so I stopped for an early dinner before returning to the apartment. The restaurant was supposed to be replica of a 1950's type drive-in restaurant. I had some serious doubts about the menu. With women running the world, there was very little beef on the menu. The women seemed to have switched to mostly chicken and fish. From what I had read of the pre-plague days, beef dominated the menus. I knew I would have been more at home in those earlier days. Maybe it was a genetic thing with men, but I loved beef. I ordered the very expensive hamburger sandwich. Even though the cost was twice that of a chicken burger, the burger was worth every penny of it. After dinner, I caught the next trolley home. I noticed again the strange looks on the faces of the women. I wasn't all that bothered anymore. I was, after all, a cop.

That particular evening was especially slow to pass. I tried the TV, but as usual I quickly became bored with it. I knew it had a lot to do with the way it showed men, still it lacked a certain amount of realism. Instead of TV, I read one the books I had purchased at the used book store. I usually stayed with the pre-plague era books, however that night I chose a mystery novel from the best seller list from the year before. 

I have to admit, the book had a certain charm. That is, it would have if I had been a women. I read current books on occasion. I did it to get some idea about how modern women saw themselves. The books were very enlightening, even though I didn't really believe them. I guessed that women had lost their second class citizen mentality rather quickly. Especially when there were no men left to subtly dominate them. The book I read that night failed to address that kind of question. It was about a female detective and her bumbling male sidekick. From having read pre-plague books, I knew that thirty years before, the roles in the book would have been reversed. There were new stereotypes to replace the old stereotypes.

I had been led to believe that those new stereotypes would now be applied to me. I was going to be seen as that bumbling sidekick for a long time. At least as long as the numerical balance was so one sided. The population experts, who by the way were all women, predicted it would take a hundred years for the numbers to balance out. According to them, the world's population would take one more drastic drop when the pre-plague era women all died. After that it should begin to rebound. At least in the United States. In other countries it might never rebound. Our Government had been more farsighted than most others. 

My generation consisted of only those children who were in the womb prior to the plague. Not a single person on the planet had gotten pregnant from the time of the plague, until twelve to fourteen years later. That happened only because the orphans began producing sperm. Therefore most of the women I came into contact with were older than me. There just were no women under twenty-one years old. There were little girls, but no young women in the population at that time.

All of the mature women had been convinced I was good for only one thing. I knew it was going to be an uphill battle to convince them otherwise. Even the women my age pretty much had been brain washed into believing men were inept, spoilers of the world. We were somehow blamed for the plague. 

Before the plague, men had been the driving force in the world. I expected it would be the same again one day. It probably wouldn't happen in my lifetime, but I was sure it would happen. I had no intention of leading the revolution, but I did want to begin laying the ground work for it. I knew that I was one of a small minority of men who chose not to become professional breeders. Life in the short run was going to be harder because of that choice.

My alarm clock woke me at five am. I showered, ate my cereal, then dressed by six. I took the trolley to work, since I didn't quite trust the Byrd. I sure as hell didn't want to be late on my first day. Fortunately my apartment was located only a short distance from the neighborhood police station. The early morning trolley ride took several minutes longer than it should have. The electric trolley stopped on almost every corner, whether anyone waited there or not. After I arrived, I waited outside the station for half an hour before reporting to duty.

While I waited, groups of women in uniform began to arrive. Some went directly inside, other stayed outside in the warm morning air. Those who remained outside, arranged themselves into small groups of two or three. I couldn't hear their conversations, but I expected I was the center of most discussions that morning. Surely the Sergeant had informed them of their new rookie's sex. I imagined there would be plenty of comments about me, or directed toward me in the future.The future came sooner than I would have liked. 

"Hey Orph," one of the women said loudly.

I turned toward a group of three women. I had no idea which one of them had spoken to me. "Just for the record, my name is Hank," I said with a smile. I could see no advantage in upsetting them on the first day. I also didn't intend to be called names.

"Well Hank," a particularly muscular red head said, "What are you doing here? Surely you could make more money as a breeder." The others joined her in laughter.

"That's true. The problem with being a professional breeder is, you can't choose who you breed," I said looking hard into her eyes. The other women, who were just standing around laughed. My would be tormentor didn't like that at all.

"Is that supposed to be some kind of insult?" She asked.

"I don't think so. I think it was an answer to your question, but if you want to take it as an insult, there isn't much I can do about it," I said bracing myself for her assault. It never came.

"Come on Hank, we have to go in for roll call," a slightly older blond said defusing the situation.

I followed her group of four women into the station. When we reached the room filled with school desks, the blond turned to me. "My name is Sherry, don't let Madge get you down. She just needs someone to pick on, she'll get over it," Sherry said with a warm though condescending smile.

"Thanks," I said, not really sure I liked her much either. I expected her to put one in my back any moment. It was a snap judgment, based on the paranoia instilled in me by the institute.

I knew better than to take a seat. I waited until all the others sat, then found a seat away from them all. I knew the drill, if I had taken a seat someone would have confronted me by saying it was her seat. As I moved from one seat to another, others would have joined in. It was just a harassment technique, one I had been warned to avoid.

The sergeant walked through the door, then went directly to the podium. "Ladies, today is going to be a foot patrol day in the downtown." she said brightly.
