 Author's note: This series will contain scenes of mild piss fetish. 

How to Make a Sex Toy Ch.01 

Year 2465 

Foreword: 

My name is Doctor Andreas Grey. I am the creator of the Sex Toy Programme, based in the laboratory at the University of Venus. This is my journal detailing the process and what I hope will happen with the future. It is also a statement of triumph, aimed at all of you who doubted my research. You thought it was impossible yet here we are. I firmly believe that this is the future. 

Before I talk about how things stand now, I want to show you how this all works. I could do this with a technical description of the process, but instead I feel the best way is to tell you the story of one of my subjects. I have edited out the boring bits and embellished some scenes for dramatic effect but essentially this is her tale in her own words. 

I hope you will find the tale educational and have your apologies ready when you see what I have achieved. 

Dr Grey 

Beth's Tale: 

The day started like any other. Beth got up, showered, and went to uni in the morning. At lunch, she and some of her friends visited one of the most expensive cafes in the area. Everything cost a lot but for them it hardly mattered. A couple of them had made their own money but most, like Beth, had rich, indulgent parents who wanted the best education for their kids. 

After lunch came an afternoon lecture followed by a dinner with other friends, again a meal that cost more than it really needed to. She had appearances to maintain - the University of Venus was a prestigious place; to fit in, she had to have money. And luckily she did. 

She shared a four-bedroom flat with three friends - May, Greg and Wes. Each room was big with its own en suite. Things had been fine when they first moved in. The four of them got along famously. But things were different now and, despite her best efforts, Beth was beginning to feel pushed out. The problem was that the other three had started up a strange relationship with each other. Greg and Wes took turns staying in May's bedroom each night. They both obviously knew about the other yet it bothered neither of them. And May had never seemed happier. Beth couldn't understand it - wasn't a relationship supposed to be between just two people? She had had a couple of brief dalliances when she started uni but nothing recently. She was waiting for the right man - and certainly not the right men! 

When she returned home that evening, May and Greg were already in her room and Wes was out. Shaking her head, Beth went to the kitchen and made herself a sandwich to soak up the wine she had had with dinner. Then she wandered into her bedroom. She saw that there was a message waiting for her on her TV from her parents back on Earth. She wasn't too concerned; they contacted her every couple of weeks to see how she was getting on - or to check on their investment, as her father liked to joke. So she left the message waiting there while she finished her sandwich. 

When she was ready, she hit the Open Message button. When she saw the state her parents were in, she sat bolt upright on her bed. Something looked wrong. Had something happened to her brother or sister? She pressed Play. 

"Hi Beth," her father said. He looked small and tired, and both he and her mother looked like they had been crying recently. "I'm so sorry to have to tell you this, especially in a message, but ... We have hit some money problems. Things haven't been going great at work lately-" 

"Not to mention at the casino," her mother interrupted with a venomous glare at her husband. 

He cringed away from her. "Yes, well, it's all rather irrelevant now. The fact of the matter is ..." He took a deep breath. "We have been declared bankrupt. My business has been taken over by a rival, our house is due to be repossessed any day now and all our other assets have been seized too. Luckily your mum's sister has agreed to put us up until I get back on my feet, so don't worry about us. But the long and the short of it is ... We need ..." He started crying. 

Her mother took over. "You are going to have to leave university. We have no money to pay for you any longer and we need you back here to help us recover. I'm sorry about this, Bethany, but there is no other way." 

Beth paused the video. There was still another five minutes of message but she had heard all she needed to. Her mind went blank and she just stared at the unmoving screen for a while, at her father hunched over and in tears, at her mother as she tried to put a brave face on things. It didn't seem real, none of it. She had only spoken to them two weeks ago, when they put her monthly allowance into her bank account. They had not acted like anything was amiss back then! 

Her hands shaking, she went to her phone and checked her bank. The money was still there. With the amount she had left, she could probably afford to remain another two weeks, three if she stopped going out and bought only essentials. 

She cried for a while. How long, she had no idea. Then she realised that tears were not the answer. She had to think this through. What choices did she have? She could try and stay at uni. With a part-time job maybe she could scrape enough money to live by, though that was questionable. And if she did that, she would probably lose the respect of most of her friends. Plus, that would only last until the end of term at the latest. After that, the next instalment of her tuition fees would have to be paid and there was no way she was going to be able to afford that. 

The only real option left open to her was to do as her mother said - give up university, blow apart all her dreams, and go back home to help her failures of parents. It was all so unfair! Through no fault of her own, she would have to give up everything she had worked so hard for. 

That night she cried herself to sleep despite her determination not to. 

The next morning she decided not to tell her flatmates anything about what had happened. They would find out eventually of course, but for just a little while she could pretend that things were normal. So she went to the kitchen and made herself some breakfast. Wes and Greg were already there, laughing and joking about something or other. Beth made herself smile at them but didn't join in their banter. She just sat at the table and concentrated on her food. 

May came in a few moments later. "Got the post!" she announced, acting as though it were a great achievement rather than just requiring a very short walk to the front door. "Same old crap, though. Oh! But look at this one!" She dropped the others and held out a leaflet. 

"What's that for?" Greg asked. 

"It's one of those stupid adverts. Listen to this: 'The Grey Laboratory is seeking female volunteers to undertake a series of harmless experiments aimed at revolutionising your life. This will involve an improvement in your muscle tone and sensitivity. Your university fees will be paid for a year if you volunteer.' Who listens to this rubbish? Though I guess some of the scum might find it interesting." 

May used the term "scum" to describe anyone who had less money than her. Which probably makes me scum now, Beth thought morosely. Then her brain caught up with her ears. The laboratory would pay her uni fees? She tried not to let her interest in it show as May screwed the leaflet up and tossed it in the bin. 

She stayed in the kitchen after she had eaten and waited for the others to leave, which took a frustratingly long time. Finally, however, they all went. Beth quickly scrambled over to the bin and pulled the leaflet out. There was an address for the lab and a series of dates for an interview - including today. She went to her room and threw on a comfortable, old pair of jeans and a baggy white top. Hardly her most alluring look but that didn't matter to her right now. She had to hurry and get to the lab, to convince them to take her on. So she dragged a brush through her hair until she was presentable and hurried out of the flat. 

She took a Bubble to the lab. Bubbles were a bit unfashionable now, as they had been designed to be used when Venus's atmosphere was not survivable to humans, but they were cheap. They were essentially a small bubble of reinforced clear plastic with a long white seat for passengers and a smaller one at the front for the driver. They rolled along the ground in an uneven motion which was quite uncomfortable. But Beth figured she had better learn to live frugally in case she was rejected. 

Outside of the university town, the grey concrete disappeared to be replaced by the bumpy, reddish-brown natural surface of Venus. The False Atmosphere installed more than a hundred years ago by Earth scientists glittered overhead, filtering out the sunlight to make it safe to live on the planet. Beth stared up at it, wondering when the view had become so commonplace that she didn't notice its beauty. Soon, she feared, she would leave it behind for good. 

The lab was a forty minute journey from the town. The driver took her straight there, took her money and let her go, then departed. Beth looked at the laboratory. It didn't look like much - just a white square block of a building. Only a signpost by its front door proclaimed it for what it was. 

As Beth approached the door, another woman came out of it, stamping her feet in a temper, her hair in wild disarray. 

"You volunteering for that programme?" she asked, then continued without waiting for an answer. "Well don't bother! It's all a waste of time. They took one look at me and you know what they said? 'You aren't suitable. Go home.' I came all the way here for that? Well fuck them!" She stormed off. 

Beth watched her go, somewhat taken aback. If they were turning people away that quick, what chance for her? She turned back to the lab. But she had come this far; there was no sense in turning back now without at least hearing what they had to say. 

She went inside and found herself in a long, plain white corridor with just a reception desk and a couple of chairs in it. Three closed doors were situated at the far end. A woman sat behind the desk wearing a white lab coat, a bored expression on her face that disappeared when she saw Beth waiting. She was very pretty, Beth noted, with her dyed purple hair, her dark blue eyes and luscious lips. 

"Hello," she said in a warm voice. "My name is Anya. Please, have a seat. I just need to take a few details before Doctor Grey will see you." 

Beth sat on the opposite side of the desk to her. 

"First of all, what is your name?" 

"Beth. I mean, Bethany Alden." 

"Bethany Alden. All right, if you could just wait a moment." 

The two of them sat in silence. Anya studied her computer screen while Beth did nothing except twiddle her thumbs and wait. Just what they could derive from her name alone she did not know but she didn't seem about to ask any other questions. 

A couple of minutes later, Anya looked up with a smile. "If you would like to go through the door on the right, Dr Grey will see you now." 

Beth blinked. "Is that all? I thought there would be more of an interview process." 

"No, that's it. Through you go. And enjoy yourself," she added with a secretive chuckle. 

***** 

Dr Grey's note: 

I should probably mention here how I choose my test subjects. My clients have a certain standard that my sex toys have to adhere to. If they are too unattractive they are out before I waste any of my precious materials on them. When Bethany Alden told us her name, I immediately got up her university records and her social media profiles. I checked out all her photos and decided she would be perfect. Let me describe why. 

She had perfect blonde hair, almost golden in fact, and totally natural. It hung straight halfway down her back. Her eyes were light blue and were so lively I was entranced by them the second I saw them. She was well tanned. And her figure was almost exactly what I was looking for. She had 32H breasts, gorgeous and soft and bouncy, made even bigger by her otherwise slim frame. She had long legs with nicely rounded thighs. Even her feet were wonderfully formed. Of course she wasn't perfect - her butt was a bit flat, her lips a bit thin, but those were things I could fix later on. As a raw product, she made for an excellent subject. 

***** 

Beth made her way through the door, still uncertain as to what was really going on. It was certainly one of the strangest interview processes she had ever sat through, if it could even be called such. 

Dr Grey's room had one of those chairs like they had at the dentist's in it, one that could recline to have the patient lying flat. There was also a sofa up against the far wall and tables littered with various bottles and vials. 

The doctor himself was hunched over in front of a computer, the screen facing away from the door. When he saw Beth enter he switched it off and stood. She hesitated. She had expected him to be human, but he clearly wasn't. He was human-shaped, around 6' tall, but his skin was a greenish-blue and translucent. His face was broad and flat, his nose looked like it was squashed and his eyes were completely grey. She had no idea what species he was. 

"Greetings," he said in an English accent at odds with his exotic appearance. When they shook hands, she found his skin to be slimy and quite cold to the touch. "I am Doctor Grey and this is my lab. Thank you for volunteering to help me." 

"Well, I haven't decided yet," Beth said, unconsciously rubbing her hands down her jeans. "Your leaflet was quite vague. I need to know more about what this experiment does before I agree to it." 

"Of course. Perfectly sensible. Be seated and I will explain." He guided her onto the chair in the middle of the room. "It is quite simple, really. The work will consist of a series of tests, injections that will make minor adjustments to you." 

"Adjustments?" she said warily. "What are we talking about here?" 

"Oh, nothing major I promise you. And they will have absolutely no detrimental effects on your health, physical or mental. You have my guarantee on that as a doctor." He produced a few pieces of paper from a desk drawer. "This is a contract I need you to sign before we begin our work. Feel free to read through it first." 

Beth looked it over. It mentioned a few steps of the work, briefly describing that they will alter her outlook on life to make her more positive and sensitive. And then she saw the promise, that her university fees will be paid up for a whole year. That decided her before she even bothered with the rest of the contract. What was the worst that could happen? This was a reputable lab with close ties to the university - it wouldn't go around harming students or it would be closed down. Before she could give in to fear, she went to the last page and added her signature. 

Doctor Grey smiled. "Thank you." He shoved the contract into a folder carelessly. "I assure you that you have made the wise choice. So far I have not had a single complaint." 

"How many guinea pigs have you had?" 

"I dislike that term. It is so ... demeaning. You are an important member of my team now, and will become a shining light for the future." 

Beth wasn't so sure about that, but it was too late to back out now. "So what will this injection do to me?" 

He retrieved a syringe from a table and filled it with a clear liquid that looked just like water. "This is a stimulant of sorts," he explained as he worked. "It is designed to heighten your sensitivity to certain stimuli. It will broaden your mind and make you more receptive to new ideas." 

She pulled away from him. "It's not some kind of mind control drug, is it? I've heard about that sort of stuff before." 

"Of course not," he said with a laugh. "Mind control only happens in stories. This does nothing to your mind itself. Like I said, it will just make you more sensitive. May I?" 

"My uni fees will be paid for, right?" 

"Yes, as promised. You will not need to worry about your finances again." 

Beth closed her eyes. "Do it, then. Before I change my mind." 

He pushed the needle into her arm and injected the liquid into her. Beth waited, but nothing happened. Grey did not seem worried by this, though. 

"It takes a while to kick in," he told her. "Probably by the time you get home, you will begin to feel the effects. Here, take my number and if anything concerns you, you can give me a call." He handed her a card. 

"When will I get the money?" she asked. 

"You won't. The first instalment - like all the ones to follow - will be paid directly to the university. The Dean and I have an arrangement. You don't need to worry about a thing." 

Beth left the lab feeling a little dazed and not sure if she had just done the stupidest thing in her life. She had never been so impulsive before, but then she had never had such financial difficulties to worry about before either. She shook her head. What was done was done. She felt no ill effects from the jab yet and there was no sign that she would. If they paid the uni like they promised, all her money troubles would be over, and at what cost? A little extra sensitivity? That didn't sound like it could be a bad thing. 

She took a Bubble back home. When she got out at the other end, she felt the first twinge. It was weird, like a heat building up inside her pussy. She squirmed uncomfortably and made her way indoors. The sensation got stronger and stronger. By the time she got to her room, it was all she could do to shut the door before she stripped off. She was shocked to find her pussy was soaking wet. 

"What the fuck?" she whispered. "What caused that?" 

She reached down and touched herself. Just the lightest touch made her gasp as a wave of pleasure swept through her. She staggered over to her bed and fell down upon it. She could feel a tingling sensation building in her nipples as well now. When she moved, they rubbed against the fabric of her shirt and they stiffened painfully. She quickly shed her top so she was naked on the bed. Her pussy was so wet it was dripping. 

"Surely this isn't what he meant by 'sensitive'," she muttered. "Maybe I just have to get myself off." 

Praying that none of her flatmates were around - they should all have been at uni - she slowly started to rub herself, brushing her thumb against her swollen clit and inserting her middle and index fingers into her pussy. She gave a little shriek at the force of the orgasm that hit her. She shuddered, crossed her legs and closed her eyes. Her mind almost blanked out with the power of it. It was far more intense than anything she had experienced before and it left her gasping and sweating. 

When she came back to herself, she was relieved to find that the burning need in her pussy had gone. But the sheets between her legs were soaked. She cleaned it up as best she could, then spent a little while just sitting on her bed, wondering what had happened to her. It must have had something to do with the injection. It would be too much of a coincidence for it to be anything else. Doctor Grey had mentioned greater sensitivity but she never imagined anything like this. She couldn't believe that this was what was supposed to be what happened. 

Her nipples still ached, she suddenly realised. She pinched them between her thumb and forefinger and it sent another jolt of pleasure through her. That set her cunt tingling again. 

"Oh no," she moaned. Then she felt another need take her. She hurried to the bathroom and squatted on the toilet. 

To her shock - not to mention her disgust - when she started pissing it sent a thrill through her. The sensation of it coming from her pussy nearly made her cum again. She had to grab hold of the sink to hold herself in place until she had finished. Never before had she found pissing enjoyable; it was just something that had to be done a few times a day. But now ... She shook her head. Maybe she was just still sensitive from her previous orgasm. She wiped herself dry and even that light contact made her pussy twitch. 
