 Author's note: This series will contain scenes of mild piss fetish. 

How to Make a Sex Toy Ch.02 

Year 2465 

Foreword: 

So far we have seen Bethany Alden experience a couple of minor changes to her life. She now has heightened sensitivity in her erogenous zones. This has manifested itself by leaving her in a near-constant state of arousal. Her muscles in her vagina and ass have also been altered, so that they will always tighten after sex so that she remains as tight as a virgin down there. These two combine to ensure that Bethany and her sexual partner(s) will all experience consistent pleasure. 

Now we go to the next stage of the Sex Toy Programme. For a woman to become a sex toy, she must be all things to all people. There are so many fetishes out there that they need to be able to meet. I cannot make them meet them all of course - fans of necrophilia and bestiality need not apply. But I can make sure they cater for most of the rest. For Bethany, this meant just four more steps towards her new life ... 

Dr Andreas Grey 

***** 

Beth fumed. She had been trapped and then virtually blackmailed into taking part in a madman's moronic scheme. If he thought she was just going to go along quietly, he was in for a shock. She was not going to get pushed around; whatever it took, she would get free of his hold over her. Her first thought was that she could break into his lab and steal the contract she signed. But then she figured he must have made copies of it and stashed them somewhere safe. He didn't strike her as the foolish type. 

For a wild moment she considered killing him. But what would that achieve? She would end up in prison and still in need of sex all the damn time. She needed him alive so he could reverse the process. And in order to make him do that, she needed leverage. What could that be, though? That was the real question. 

When she returned from the lab after her sex session with Dr Grey, her friends commented on how oddly she had been behaving the last couple of days. She shrugged off their concerns and soon enough they were wrapped up in their own weird relationship to bother with her. She went to uni to catch up on her lectures, the whole time paranoid about her uncontrollable lust coming back, but fortunately it didn't and she made it through. 

Those feelings did not return until the middle of the night. She awoke at around 1AM, sweating and panting, rubbing herself furiously through her panties. 

"Fuck!" she swore when she realised what was going on. Her relief had lasted barely eighteen hours. That meant she would need sex every day and a half in order to function. How was she supposed to fit all that in? Her name would be ruined in weeks. She would get the worst kind of reputation. 

She made her way to the bathroom with her toy. She sat on the edge of the bath and fucked herself hard. She bit down on her lip to stop from crying out and alerting her flatmates. They must already have been wondering why she shut herself away all evening instead of socialising like she used to. It seemed this programme Dr Grey had her on would mess with every aspect of her life. 

She hadn't even called her parents back yet. They had tried a couple of times to contact her but she ignored it. What was she supposed to say to them? She was so angry with them right now she feared she would say something she could never take back. And neither could she forgive them. If they hadn't bankrupted themselves she wouldn't have gotten herself into this mess. It was all their fault. That was why she couldn't go to them for help, either. That and the fact she didn't want them to see the depths she had fallen to. 

All of that and more went through her mind while she was still busy working the toy in and out of her pussy. When she reached orgasm, it was accompanied by a powerful squirt, her fluids spurting half the length of the bathtub. She cried out despite her best efforts not to. The dildo and her hand got covered in her pussy juice. She looked at her sticky fingers, the liquid dripping off them. 

Why do I enjoy this so much? she wondered. In spite of everything, no matter how many times I make myself come, I enjoy it. It must be another thing that bastard has done to me because I never used to be like this. 

She had to climax two more times during the night. By the morning, she was thoroughly warn out. She took a long shower and then took her time applying her make-up to try and hide her exhaustion. She felt better after a good breakfast, but not by much. 

"So what are you plans today?" May asked as she wandered into the kitchen. It was the start of the weekend, two days without lectures. 

"I'm going to go to a lab and let a weirdo doctor inject me with weird stuff that makes me ultra horny." Beth wondered what her friends would say if she actually told them that. Probably they would just call her insane or tell her to stop making up stories. 

Instead she just shrugged. "I've got a few errands to run in the morning. This afternoon, who knows?" 

"We're off to see the Mercury Rise," May said. "You want to come with us?" 

"I don't know. It depends how I feel." 

"Yeah, you don't look too good. Are you coming down with something?" 

Beth shrugged again. "I hope not. Maybe I'll go see a doctor to make sure," she said with a wry smile. 

May looked at her oddly. "It might be a good idea, you know. You haven't been yourself lately." 

You don't know the half of it, she thought. She made her excuses and left. 

Luckily, her excesses through the night meant that she wasn't in a state of arousal during the Bubble ride to the lab. She was determined that this time, no matter how much she needed it, she would not let the doctor lay a finger on her. Just the thought of his cold, clammy cock in her made her skin crawl. 

Anya was at the reception desk again. Beth wondered if the place actually employed anyone other than the two of them. 

"Hey, Beth!" she said as if they were old friends. "How are you?" 

"Angry. Upset." 

Her brows rose. "Why? What's wrong?" 

Her face radiated such innocence that for a moment Beth wondered if she genuinely didn't know what kind of monster her boss was. But that couldn't be. She must be in on it. Instead of answering her questions, she said, "Is Dr Grey in yet?" 

"Yeah, but he's with a patient at the moment. Have a seat - I'm sure he won't be long." 

Beth threw herself down into a chair with such force it banged against the wall. "What species is the doctor?" she asked, determined to make use of this time she had. 

"You don't know?" Anya replied in surprise. "He's an Andalan." 

"Andalan. I've heard of them." 

"They were one of the original inhabitants of Venus. Their people helped ours to settle. There aren't many of them around now though," she finished with a sad sigh. 

Beth glanced at the door to the lab. He had another patient in there, or should that be another victim? She stood, overcome with the thought that she had to get in there and save whoever it was from suffering the same fate as her. But before she could take another step, the door opened and Dr Grey appeared alongside a woman. She had long, straight brown hair, dark brown eyes, prominent cheekbones and luscious lips. She wore a figure-hugging dress that made it clear she had nothing on underneath. Her nipples were pronounced on her small breasts. Her long legs seemed to go on forever. 

She gave Grey a light kiss on the cheek. "Thanks again, doctor, for saving my life." 

"You're very welcome, Anastasia. But don't be a stranger now the programme has finished. You come to me if you need any help." 

"Don't worry, I will," she said with a laugh. 

He patted her on the butt as she walked away, eliciting a giggle and a jiggle of her hips. Beth watched her go. She had the most amazing arse she had ever seen - big and firm and bouncy. She felt a twinge of jealousy as she considered her own flat butt. But the more concerning thing was her attitude. She seemed perfectly at ease flaunting her body and accepting being manhandled. Beth herself had chosen a very conservative outfit for this trip - a long, loose dress tied at the waist with a sash. It showed off nothing of her figure. 

"Is that what you're going to turn me into?" she demanded of Andreas Grey. 

"How do you mean? Anastasia is a completely different person to you," he replied. 

"But she's finished the programme?" 

"Yes, she has completed every stage and is now ready for the next chapter in her life. You will get there soon, but that doesn't mean you will be like her." 

"But, that dress she is wearing ..." 

"It's one of her own," Grey said. "She is a street worker, or at least she was. I predict a large upturn in her fortunes in the near future. Look, Beth, you need to stop convincing yourself that I am going to change your entire personality because I'm not. This programme just changes your outlook on life in certain aspects and helps you to enjoy it more. That's all." 

"Certain aspects being anything to do with sex," she muttered. 

"Are you ready for your next doses?" he asked, either not hearing her or choosing to ignore it. 

"Doses?" 

"Yes, the next two stages complement each other well so I do them at the same time. Come." 

She reluctantly followed him into the lab. On the table was a syringe, already filled with a red liquid, and a glass containing what appeared to be water, but with little white bits floating in it. 

"What do these do?" she asked, peering at them. 

Grey tapped the glass. "This permeates your entire body. It changes the messages your nerve endings send to your brain." 

"So you are messing with my brain!" 

"Please let me finish. Your mind will still be your own in every way. This only makes one minor adjustment. Instead of feeling pain, you will feel pleasure." 

"What?" 

"Which bit of that is unclear? Whenever you feel pain now, after you drink this the exact same sensation will be translated into pleasure. Think about it - you will never feel physical pain again. Who wouldn't want that?" 

"It sounds too good to be true," Beth muttered. 

"Maybe, but this really has no drawbacks." 

"What does the other drug do?" 

"Ah, now this I am particularly proud of." He held up the syringe and looked at the liquid inside it. "Have you ever heard of the Jayas fish? No? I'm not surprised. They were discovered a long time ago in the underground seas of Mars. Well, they have a particular property that scientists have found fascinating and that I have finally been able to utilise. The Jayas have a queen, the head of their shoal, and her feelings are transmitted to all the other fish in the shoal. When she is happy, they are all happy. When she is scared, so are they. And so on. What I have here is something I have extracted from the brains of the male Jayas fish, added with something to make it a little more potent. Whenever somebody near you feels pleasure, so will you. That means when your sexual partner reaches orgasm, so will you at the exact same time." 

"So once again, it's all about sex." Her face twisted in disgust. 

"Not at all. You will also receive messages of pleasure from people you happen to pass in the street. Consider it. You wake up in the morning feeling really down for whatever reason. All you have to do is go near a happy person and you will perk right up." 

"And what about the other way round?" 

Grey shook his head. "I have filtered this material carefully. Only positive emotions will be transmitted to you. So, will you take them?" 

Beth picked up the glass and studied the contents carefully. "Just as a hypothesis," she said, "what do you think would happen if I went to the Dean and told him what you were doing to his students? What if he found out you were taking us from our studying and ruining us?" 

He smiled at her. "So you want to try and blackmail me into stopping, is that your plan?" 

"I want you to undo what you've done to me!" 

"I've already told you, that is impossible. The process is irreversible." 

"Maybe I should just go to the Dean anyway!" 

Dr Grey laughed, an ugly sound. "You foolish little girl. Where do you think I get my financial backing from? You think I paid for all of this myself?" He gestured around the lab. "The Dean is my biggest backer. If you go to him, you will achieve absolutely nothing except that I will not allow you to complete the programme. You will remain as you are for the rest of your life." 

"You ... you're lying." 

"You know I'm not. But to make sure, I could just call the Dean now. Do you want me to do that? He doesn't like being disturbed at the weekend, mind you. He may demand you get kicked out, not just from the programme but from the university as well." 

"Then I'll go to my father! He owns his own business, he's an important man." 

"He did and he was. I have researched you, Bethany Alden. Your family has lost everything. You, however, have the opportunity to make something of yourself. If you play it right, you could make millions. You could pull your family out of their current state and set your brother and sister up for life." 

She looked from him to the glass and back again. "How?" 

"I choose my favourite subjects and offer then a position for life. The pay is generous and I am a good man to work for, as you would discover. But of course it is your choice. I am offering you a way to help yourself and your family. The alternative is to walk out of here and be nothing for the rest of your life." 

That wasn't really a choice at all. Beth stared at the glass in her hand. If he was telling the truth and all this did was to turn pain into pleasure, she didn't really see the problem. And if he was right about being able to make money out of this, to save her family, wasn't it worth the risk? Steeling herself, she drained the glass in one go. It tasted surprisingly pleasant. Moments after she slammed the glass back down on the table, she felt a tingling sensation all over her body. She shivered.  

"Has it worked?" she asked. 

"How should I know?" Grey answered. "Try it. Hurt yourself." 

Beth hesitated, but then shrugged to herself. It was too late to go back now. She pinched herself on the arm. She gasped, but then she felt a tiny flush of pleasure go through her. She could see the tiny red mark on her skin where she had done it, but there was no pain radiating from it. 

"You see?" the doctor said smugly. "I knew you would like it. Now, are you ready for the other drug?" 

She rolled the sleeve of her dress up to bare her arm. Andreas slipped the needle in, giving her another little burst of joy, and injected the whole syringe of liquid into her. 

"That one will take a couple of hours to take hold," he told her. "Go home, put your feet up, then find some happy people to test it on. I assure you, you will be grateful you did." 

"So that's it? I can go home?" 

"Sure, for now. Unless there is something else you need my help seeing to ..." He grabbed at his crotch and leered at her. 

Beth shuddered. "No thanks," she said, though she could already feel that familiar itch in her pussy. It would need to be scratched, and soon, but not by him. Never again by him. 

His smiled broadened as though he could read her mind. "You know where I am if you change your mind. I will expect you back here in two days for the fifth step of the programme." 

"How many more of these damned steps are there?" she demanded of him. 

"Only two more, I assure you. And then you will be free to do as you wish." 

Free, Beth thought bitterly. Will I ever be free of these desires? She left him without another word. Anya bade her farewell but Beth ignored her. They weren't friends and never would be. As far as she was concerned, Anya was just as much to blame as Dr Grey for what she had become. She could have warned her, could have stopped her from making the greatest mistake of her life, but she kept quiet and acted as though everything was fine. 

The same driver she had humiliated herself in front of a couple of days ago waited with a Bubble for her to ride. He helped her in then took his seat and set off. She could see him watching her out of the corner of his eye, obviously wondering if she would play with herself again. And the worst thing was, she could feel the temptation to do exactly that rising inside her. She needed some relief and she wasn't sure she would be able to hold back until she got home. 

By the time they reached the outskirts of the town, the need for sex was overwhelming. She hadn't felt it come on this strong or suddenly before, not even the first time it happened. She kept her legs crossed and resisted the urge to touch herself but it was no good. She needed something. 

Beth glanced sidelong at the driver. He was an older man, but not ugly. He had a stubbly chin and a shaved head and a belly just starting to protrude a little. There was also a little tent forming inside his trousers, she noted. Part of her recoiled at what she was considering, but most of her thought this might be the best way. She would get a rest afterwards and she wouldn't feel the urge to sleep with any of her friends, thus causing awkward times ahead. 

It all sounded so reasonable. Why shouldn't she ask this stranger for sex? And the very fact that it sounded so reasonable was what terrified her the most. What was she turning into? 

She told the man to pull over in the first semi-secluded alley they came to. 

"What's the problem?" he asked her, twisting in his seat to have a good look at her. 

For a second she couldn't talk, then it all came out in a rush. "Do you want to have sex with me? Right here, right now?" 

His eyes widened. "You serious?" 

"Very," she said. "How about it?" 

"Yeah, of course! It'd be a pleasure!" 

They climbed out of the Bubble, the driver taking the chance to pinch her butt on the way. It sent a little thrill through her. As soon as they were out she reached up under her dress and pulled her panties down around her knees. Then she bent over the vehicle, her ass pointing at him. 

He stared at her, mouth agape. "Fuck me," he managed to whisper. 

That's the plan, she thought. Now if you could just hurry up and get on with it! She waved her butt in the air enticingly while part of her wondered what the hell she was doing in this dank alley with this man old enough to be her father. 

The driver quickly yanked his trousers down and came up behind her. He wasn't gentle as he thrust his cock into her. 

"Fuck," he groaned, "you're as tight as a virgin's ass down there! Where've you been all my life?" 

"Less talking," she grunted. "Just fuck me." 

Later she would conclude that she didn't know what she was doing or saying, but as he began to do as she asked, the relief she felt was undeniable ... as was the pleasure. It felt good to be so bad, especially with this bloke she didn't know. He reached around her and pawed at her tits through her dress. Even though he did it badly, it felt good to her, especially when he dug his fingers in hard enough it should have hurt. Every time he pushed all the way into her, her butt slapped against his belly and they both grunted in unison. 

He leant over her, his hands mashed her tits together. The combination of that pain and the pleasure of her pussy finally getting the treatment it needed was enough to send her over the edge. She cried out as she came. She shook so violently he had to hold onto her to make sure she didn't slide off the side of the Bubble. 

When she came back down, she realised he was laughing as he continued to fuck her. 

"What's so funny?" she demanded breathlessly. 
