 Author's note: This series will contain scenes of mild piss fetish. 

How to Make a Sex Toy Ch.03 

Year 2465 

Foreword: 

Thus far the subject, Bethany Alden, has experienced many changes to her body and to her outlook on life. I am aware that these changes are decried by many, some of whom even have the ridiculous notion I have forced my sex toys to take mind control drugs, as if there was such a thing. However, my changes are only to do with musculature or altering certain perceptions - pain response and taste, primarily. Anything else that happens to these men and women are results of their own psyches. Not every experiment goes to plan. Some people take the medication but then go back to a perfectly normal life. These people are still paid for their services but they hold no interest to me. It is the likes of Bethany Alden that makes my work unique. They are the ones who will make the future. 

In this final part of her Sex Toy Programme journal, you will see how her mentality has changed since she first came to me and just why she will make the perfect sex doll. 

Dr Andreas Grey 

***** 

Beth left the lab after her last dose of weird medicine determined to prove the doctor wrong. She would not become some cum whore like he wanted - and she would definitely not start glugging piss like it was water! She would get this last step, whatever it was, out of the way and then get back to her old life. A constant need for sex was something she would just have to deal with. A less modest part of her pointed out that she wouldn't struggle for offers of help. 

She actually felt quite good about herself when she got home and spent some time in the company of May and the others. They all commented on her good mood and she noticed the way Wes looked at her speculatively. She guessed he assumed that he was the cause of her high spirits. She supposed that in a way he was. 

Her resolve to just enjoy the sex side of her new life and ignore the rest lasted for all of four hours. She felt the urge to pee rising but held it off as long as she could, fearing what would happen when she went. And she was right to fear it. 

She hurried off to the bathroom, pulled her skirt up out the way and squatted on the toilet. As she started to pee it felt almost orgasmic. But then the smell reached her nose and it brought back the memory of drinking Anya's piss - she had drained the whole glass before she left the lab. Before she could even think about it, Beth put her hand between her legs right into the amber flow, then brought it up to her mouth. She licked and sucked her fingers clean. It tasted wonderful, so she did it again before her flow dried up. The sensation of drinking her own pee made her pussy quiver with need. She leant back until her head rested against the wall. 

He's got me, she realised. Grey's turned me into an addict! 

But even as she thought it, her hand returned to her pussy and started to rub. It was still wet from her piss and her fingers slipped in easily. She wanked herself to an orgasm so powerful her whole body trembled for minutes afterwards. Her fingers were now wet with a mix of piss and her pussy fluids. She held them up in front of her face, considering the sticky liquids, before she slid them one by one into her mouth to suck clean. 

After that incident, she decided that it would be bearable if she stuck to only drinking her own bodily fluids. It was hardly something she could ask Wes to provide anyway, she reasoned. If she brought up the subject with anyone they were likely to run a mile. 

That didn't stop her having sex with him, of course. Over the next two days they were together twice more. The first time was again when May and Greg had gone out. Beth was in her room reading a book and trying to ignore the burning need emanating from her crotch, when Wes knocked on the door. She let him in, knowing what he was after and welcoming him. In fact, she had already stripped off her top before she opened the door. Their lovemaking was slow, passionate, with a lot of gentle kissing and fondling. 

It felt good to start with, better than good actually as he made her climax, but after a short time she wanted him to fuck her harder, rougher. She went on top and started to ride him hard, digging her nails into his chest and bucking her hips against him. She grabbed his hands and put them on her breasts and he needed no second invitation to grasp them and pinch the nipples between his fingers. He enjoyed squeezing them together and then just holding them loosely as they bounced up and down. This time when Beth came, it was far more intense. She collapsed down on top of him and he held her as she trembled against him. And then he came, which sent her into a third orgasm before the second one had really receded. 

He seemed to enjoy the fact that she wanted to be fucked hard rather than sensually. What worried Beth more was that she did want it. It seemed to her that the rougher he was with her, the better her orgasm was. And she was coming to crave those orgasms, the flood of pleasure that took over her brain and left her a quivering wreck. 

The second time they got together the others were still in the house. The four of them were sat in the kitchen eating dinner. When they were done, Wes announced that he was going to have a shower. Beth waited a few minutes before making her excuses and heading to her room but all she did was open the door and then close it again. While May and Greg were looking the other way, she snuck into Wes' room. 

He was in the shower with his back to her. Beth slipped out of her clothing and joined him, making no noise. He only became aware of her presence when she came right up behind him and put her arms around him. 

He groaned. "You're a dirty little minx, May, aren't you?" he murmured. 

Beth's hands froze. Wes spun around and his eyes went wide when he saw her. "Beth!" he squeaked. "What are you-" 

"Ssh," she interrupted. It hurt her that he had assumed she was May, but the sight of his naked body and his dick dangling between his legs pushed that pain to the back of her mind. 

"But what if they catch us?" he asked fretfully. 

"They won't, trust me." She slid a hand down his soapy chest and belly and started to stroke his cock. It rapidly stiffened under her touch. "Unless you want me to stop?" 

He stared at her, their faces scant inches apart. She could read his changing expression easily so it was no surprise to her when he said, "Don't stop." 

Beth sank down to her knees so his cock was before her face. She had never sucked a cock before but she had known, from the moment that she saw him in the shower, that that was what she wanted to do. Dr Grey said cum would taste good to her; she had a desire to put that to the test. She darted her tongue out, flicking it against the tip of his dick. It twitched against her. Encouraged, she bent a little further forward and wrapped her lips around it, taking the first couple of inches inside her mouth. 

"Oh, fucking hell," Wes moaned. She glanced up at him, met his eyes and gave him a little wink. 

She had worried it would taste horrible but, probably due to the medication the doctor had given her, she found it exactly to her tastes. Now that she had got past that first step, she sucked in more of his dick, taking it inch by inch, running her tongue up and down its length. She had no idea if she was doing it right but judging by Wes enthusiastic groans she guessed she was. 

Seized by a sudden impulse, Beth pushed forward until she had taken his entire length in her mouth. She could feel the head pressing against the back of her throat and thought she would gag, but she managed to hold it there, her nose pressed against his belly, for a good couple of seconds before she had to pull back for air. She looked up at him and saw an expression of wonder mixed with desire on his face. 

I bet May doesn't do this for him, she thought triumphantly, then wondered where that thought had come from. She shook her head. May and everyone else didn't matter right now. All that mattered was giving Wes pleasure until he gave her a taste of his cum. 

She didn't have to wait much longer. She started working the base of his shaft with her hand while swirling her tongue around the tip, sliding her lips halfway along its length with increasing speed. Suddenly Wes grabbed hold of the back of her head and with a grunt, came in her mouth. He spurted two, three, four jets onto her tongue and down her throat. Just as Dr Grey had promised, Beth was sure she had never tasted anything so sweet in her life. She greedily swallowed it all down, then licked the head of the cock to make sure she had every last drop. Only when it was completely drained and clean did she let it slip out of her mouth. She was concentrating so hard on that, she barely even registered that she had come as well. 

"Fuck, I'm sorry," Wes said breathlessly. 

Beth looked at him in confusion. "Why?" 

"Well ... I should have warned you I was going to come so you didn't have to take it in your mouth. Sorry." 

"Don't be. I liked it." She opened her mouth to show him it was empty. 

"Jesus Christ, Beth, you're amazing," he groaned. "Why didn't we hook up sooner? I never knew you were so fucking dirty." 

"Neither did I," she admitted. 

He helped her to her feet. Beth hugged him so her big tits were squashed against his chest. 

"We should do this again," she murmured. 

"Sounds like a damn fine plan to me," Wes replied. 

She left him feeling a warm glow of satisfaction - and a small amount of disgust at her satisfaction. She didn't think that giving a blowjob should feel that good. And she was sure it wasn't supposed to taste so good either. 

After that time in the shower, Wes was almost as horny as she was. The following days, they took every opportunity to have sex, either just oral or going all the way. Beth remembered it as a time of lust overriding every other urge. She hated that she had to go to uni or to sleep; all she wanted was sex. And when Wes wasn't about for that, she either pleasured herself or found one of the Bubble drivers, reasoning that she already had a reputation with them so there was little harm in earning it now. 

Despite her reservations, she found the whole thing exhilarating. It was the sense of release, not just orgasmic but actually getting free of the constraints she now realised had been placed on her by her quite reserved upbringing. This way of life actually made her feel happy. She didn't even mind that the length of time she had between having sex and then getting the urge again had dropped from eighteen hours to about ten. Provided Wes remained willing - and there was no sign of him flagging - then she could get all the sex she needed. 

When she finally got back in touch with her parents, she forgave them for everything and told them not to worry about a thing. She promised that she would raise the money to help them out. Her mother had thanked her, but her father accused her of betraying them by not coming home. She forgave him for that too. 

Only two things soured the mood. First was when Wes dumped May without explanation. He just told her that he didn't want to be with her anymore. That made the mood in the flat quite fractious between all four of them. Beth felt guilty at first, but then decided it would make life easier once she and Wes didn't have to hide what they were doing from everyone. 

Second was that she waited on tenterhooks for Dr Grey to get back in touch with her. He hadn't given her a timeframe for when they would complete the programme, but she had expected it to be done by now. The longer it went on, the more she wondered if it wasn't simply a test of his, that there wasn't a sixth step for her to take. She convinced herself that was the case, that her uni fees were now paid for and it was for a relatively small price. OK, so she had to have sex a lot, but she now realised that that was hardly a bad thing. As for her craving for cum and piss, Wes could provide the former while she produced enough of the latter to keep her satisfied. Thus far she hadn't dared ask him to pee in her mouth for fear of scaring him off. 

What Beth didn't realise was that the sixth step of the programme was already taking place. Her whole outlook on life, and on sex in particular, had changed. Her mind had broadened so now she was willing to do all sorts of things she wouldn't have dreamed of before. The sixth step had started the moment she took the first. All that remained was for Dr Grey to prove it to his satisfaction. 

The call finally came two weeks after she had taken the taste-altering pill. The doctor didn't explain much to her though; he just gave her instructions. She was to abstain from all forms of sex and was not to taste any cum or piss for two days, then she was to report to his lab. 

Two days without sex. It sounded like a lifetime to her, but it seemed to last even longer. She had to deny Wes when he came onto her but couldn't tell him why. She claimed that she just didn't feel well, and reassured him with hugs and kisses that she hadn't gone off him. 

After the first twenty-four hours, the need became impossible to ignore. All she could do was lay on her bed, desperately wishing she could bring herself to orgasm just once but worried that the doctor would somehow find out. And then he would rope her sister into this. As hard as it was, she had to maintain her discipline. She told the others she was ill and kept her door locked so they couldn't come in and catch her in her state. And when she had to pee, she found herself watching that yellow stream disappear down the toilet with a real sense of regret. Over the last couple of weeks she had considered peeing into a glass or bottle so she could drink it later, but she worried that drinking it too often would make people able to smell it on her breath. 

Thirty-six hours in, in the early hours of the evening, and the need emanating from her pussy was unbearable. It was an almost physical pain, which of course was being translated into pleasure and therefore made the whole thing worse. She kept on finding that she was touching herself and had to keep on pulling her fingers away, though she couldn't help but bring them up to her lips to taste her own juices. Sleep was hard to come by but she managed it somehow, though when she awoke at four in the morning her sheets were tangled round her legs and sheathed with sweat, as was she. Her pussy had even leaked a little in her sleep, saturating the sheets further. 

Beth began to panic. It had been bad enough before when she had gone without sex for a little while but this was far worse. If it was going to be this way every time she went more than a day without any she wasn't sure if she was going to be able to live with it. Despite it being so early, she got up and hobbled to the shower to stand under the icy cold water. It didn't help her much; in fact, the feeling of the water landing against her nipples made them ever more aroused to the point where they ached and she had to climb back out. 

She whimpered as she pulled her clothes on. She chose a loose-fitting shirt, then flung it off again when the fabric rubbed against her nipples. A tight bra helped alleviate it a little. Then she put on a skirt that came down to her knees. She knew better than to even consider putting on any panties; the friction would be too much for her. 

She managed to leave the flat without disturbing any of her friends. There were no Bubbles around to drive her but then she wasn't sure if she would have used one anyway. Their bumpy rides would have gotten her way too overexcited and then the driver would have expected something from her ... it was too much hassle. She set out on foot. 

It was a long, painful walk for her in the early hours. Every time she put a foot down, it sent a tiny tremor up her legs to her crotch. It was enough to put her on edge the whole journey, convinced that soon she would be reduced to a trembling wreck begging some homeless guy for a quick fuck. 

Somehow she made it to the lab, though by then the sun had come up and she was bathed in sweat. She paused by the door, leaning up against it to try and get her breath back. It didn't help much - there was only one way she could get relief and she knew it. She pushed the door open and staggered inside. 

For once there was no sign of Anya by the reception desk. Instead Dr Grey himself awaited her. He smiled upon seeing her as if her condition pleased him. 

"I see you are ready for the final step," he remarked. 

"What is it?" Beth gasped. "Please, just get it over with." 

"I wish I could, but we have to wait for the Dean first." 

"The Dean? Why?" 

The doctor wouldn't answer. Instead he just ushered through a doorway and into a different room to the one she usually visited. This one was more lavishly furnished, in that it had a big sofa, two armchairs and a wide table. It looked almost nice - until Beth noticed the two metal hoops bolted to the table. She stared at them, comprehension dawning on her. 

"You're going to tie me up and let the Dean fuck me, aren't you?" 

Dr Grey laughed. "Why would we need to tie you up? You came here willingly, didn't you? And you aren't going to fight it, are you? Well then, what need to restrain you? I would suggest you get some rest before he arrives, maybe take your clothes off too - it will save time." 

Beth hesitated, then shrugged her shoulders. What did it really matter if it was Grey or the Dean that was going to fuck her? They were both a bit creepy and not exactly her idea of a perfect partner, but right at that moment she would have let her own father have sex with her if it meant a period of calm within her body. She stripped off, aware of Andreas' gaze being fixed firmly on her breasts from the second she exposed them, and settled on the sofa to wait. It bothered her a little how it didn't seem weird to be naked in front of a man anymore. Sometimes it felt as if her entire mind had been altered, or at least the parts to do with modesty and decency. It all felt wrong ... until she noticed the bulge in the front of the doctor's trousers as he continued to stare at her. After she saw that, all she could think about was how good it would be to be fucked again. 

The Dean didn't take long to arrive, bearing a plastic bag. Beth frowned when she saw him. Every other time she had seen him it had been when he was sat at his desk, or from a distance. This was the first time she witnessed him walking and it seemed weird. It was more like he floated across the floor. He wore a long robe like he usually did. It was white and went right to the floor. Some people mocked him for his choice of clothes but he never wore anything else. He had a handsome face with lively blue eyes and close-cropped black hair. 

He looked at Beth for a time before fixing his gaze on Dr Grey. "Is the subject ready?" he asked. 

Beth straightened. "I'm right here, you know," she said. "And I'm a person, not a damned subject." But as soon as she said that, her anger evaporated in the face of her need. 

He turned back to her. "My apologies, that was rude of me." 

"She is ready," Grey said, "though of course I haven't told her what to be ready for as you neglected to inform me." 

The Dean waved a dismissive hand. "If she has gone through your whole programme she will welcome what is to come. Now, Miss Alden, when was the last time you participated in any kind of sexual activity, either with someone else or by yourself?" 

"Two days ago, sir," she replied. Though my body's acting more like it's been two weeks, she added silently. Something else was happening to her mind as well. The sight of the two men standing there had her thinking of taking them both at once. Just imagining it sent a thrill through her and made her pussy twitch a little harder. 
