 Mara turned around and was reaching behind her as she approached the bed, causing her breasts to thrust forward. Damon involuntarily licked his lips as the bra dropped away and her breasts made their debut. At the side of the bed, she bent over causing her breasts to sway as she pushed her panties down and stepped out of them revealing a cleanly shaven pubic area.

Climbing onto the bed, Mara sat down facing Damon beside his legs. She leaned across his legs, raking one with honey blonde hair then ample breast flesh as she did. With her left breast molded to the contour of his inner thigh, Mara grabbed her right breast and rubbed the nipple back and forth across the top of his thigh. Damon tried moving his leg to rub the free breast and she flicked his rising penis with a manicured fingernail.

"You haven't been given permission to move," Mara said. Damon became rock still.

Switching her attention from her nipple, Mara lifted Damon's penis by the glans between her thumb and forefinger and pinned it against his stomach with her pinky. Her thumb lightly stroked the underside causing it to further harden and Damon to let out a groan of pleasure. Immediately, a fingernail from her left hand thumped his scrotum.

"Silence!"

Damon jerked and held his breath, got a bit of control over himself and silently exhaled.

Resuming her thumb stroking, Mara cradled his scrotum in her fingers and began rolling the balls around within their flesh sack. She could feel his body respond when one of the balls would reach the point it was turning over, the point where it produced an odd sensation between pleasure, nausea, and pain. Mara concentrated on slowly maneuvering the teste over that point time and again, building the anticipation of it happening and prolonging the sensation when it occurred.

Whipping her hair to make sure it didn't obscure Damon's view, then looking into his eyes the entire time, she ran her tongue from his sack up the underside of his cock. Reaching the head Mara used her tongue to bounce his cock off her lips. Moving the hand that held his cock down to cover his pubes, she caught the cock between her lips and slowly enveloped it. Mara made it halfway down before she had to start controlling her gag reflex, then slowly worked the dick into her throat a centimeter at a time. Damon watched Mara, captivated by the way her upper lip lost its butterfly contour, straightening out into almost a smooth hemisphere as it stretched around his girth. Her tongue kept licking forward beyond her lips, lubricating the way as her lips extended a centimeter at a time to find further purchase and pull him in further.

When her nose touched her hand pressing down his pubic hair, Mara extended her tongue as far as possible flicking his scrotum. Damon groaned loudly and she squeezed his balls and disengaged from his dick. Mara took a single ball into her mouth and forcefully sucked while pulling away. His sack extended to its limit and at last his nut reached its limit and popped from between her lips.

Snagging the nut again, Mara played the stretching game several more times, then followed it up by torturing the other nut in the same manner. Mara abandoned torturing his nuts and swallowed Damon's staff about halfway and began bobbing, cheating a bit by using her hand to pump the remainder of his shaft. Her hand kept fondling his testicles and soon she felt them tightening.

Lifting off his dick Mara asked, "Did I give you permission to cum?"

Damon silently shook his head no.

Giving his cock and balls a squeeze and releasing them, Mara crawled up the bed, straddling his body. Mara swung her breasts before his face, I should motorboat him she thought, deciding against breaking the mood. Leaning on her elbows and pressing her breasts together with both hands, Mara brought a nipple inches from Damon's mouth. He took the bait and extended his tongue to coax the nipple to his lips. He started gently kissing the breast, getting more and more forceful as he tried sucking more and more of the soft, firm flesh into his mouth. The breast was pulled away from him and its mate presented to his lips. Mara pulled it away several times before letting Damon catch it between his lips. Damon gave the second breast the same loving attention he gave the first as Mara reached back and stroked his cock and balls.

Mara pulled away from his lips again and gave Damon's genitals a firm squeeze on the verge of becoming painful before releasing him. Mara moved up the bed and straddled his chest, then inched upward on her knees, moving her pussy closer and closer to his mouth. Damon caught her musky scent and as he felt her nearness from her warmth, he flicked out his tongue. Mara pulled back, then teasingly inched forward again. This time Damon decided to do his own teasing and ran his tongue along the crease on the outer side of her pussy lips. Mara shifted sideways to correct what she thought was his mistake. Damon responded by continuing the teasing and overshooting to the crease on the outside of her other pussy lip. He slowly licked up and down the crease prompting exasperated groans from Mara. When she shifted again to center his tongue where she wished it Damon paused as long as he dared then stretched to take a long lick with a flattened tongue from her taint to her clitoris. Mara moaned her appreciation through the several seconds it took for his tongue to make the swipe.

When Damon started to take a second long, slow lick, Mara was shifting forward then back to extend its traverse. On the third swipe, Mara grabbed the headboard with both hands. As Damon started the fourth lick, he let out a long aah, trying to cause vibrations from deep in his throat and letting them pass through his mouth and lips into Mara's flesh. As the fifth pass was nearing its conclusion, Mara pressed her pubic bone down onto the end of his nose and started repeating, "Yes, Baby. Right there," followed by a drawn out, hissed, "Yesssss!" Damon's tongue could feel her clit right above his open mouth, so he swirled his tongue around it. He got into a rhythm of following one pussy lip up, raking her clit along the way, then raking it again on the down stroke as he followed the opposite lip down. He could feel Mara widening her stance, trying to lower herself even further astride his face. He could hear her breathing harder as he worked her clit, and he kept groaning, not so much in pleasure but to cause vibrations.

As Mara kept spreading her thighs and grinding down on his face, Damon sucked her clit into his mouth, trapping it there with suction. Damon decided to play bad cop with it and his tongue and started whacking it around. It kept silent, not knowing what Damon expected from it, then Damon went to work on it like a boxer's speed bag with rapid fire flicks of his tongue. Worse cop stepped in for gym boxer cop and pressed down on clitty as hard as he could and rubbed poor clitty hard up against the wall of flesh. He flattened his tongue a little to give some longer, wider laps but continued to put on the pressure and the vibrations. Damon could feel Mara approaching her climax and released the suction and the clit, then went back to paying more attention to her labia, but always returning to let clitty know he wasn't forgotten and not getting away.

Mara groaned in frustration. "You bastard."

Digging his chin into her flesh as hard as he could, Damon continued servicing her inner labia and just enough of her clitoris to keep her highly aroused. It suddenly dawned on Spector that Mara was riding his face somewhat in time to his moans and groans he was emitting mainly to cause vibrations. Like a dance to music he thought. Damon searched his mind for a song Mara enjoyed. As he changed to humming one, Mara quickly fell into a face dance. Damon wondered if Mara realized she was moving in time or subconsciously following his lead. When the song's chorus and hook came around, Damon focussed on her clit. Mara kept following his lead. As the third chorus neared, Mara pleaded, "Let me cum this time. Please?"

Damon went all in. Clitty was going down this round and the speed boxer worked him relentlessly. At the same time, Damon was humming, moaning, groaning the song until his throat hurt. Mara was keeping herself upright with the assistance of the headboard as her hips and thighs danced and her toe tapped out the song's beat. She started convulsing as her orgasm hit. Her rapid breathing stopped as she sucked in air. Her soft moans went silent as she held her breath. Damon almost stopped what he'd been doing, feeling the woman jerking as the convulsions of her orgasm wracked her body. He stilled his tongue, extending and flattening it, draping it over her sex. He dropped the intensity of the vibrations well below where they caused him pain until they were almost part of the background noise. He considered easing up the pressure he was exerting with his chin, but decided Mara could adjust it easily enough. As the orgasm ripped through her, Mara held onto the headboard like a drowning man clinging to a life preserver. She knew it was all that was keeping her astride Damon's face. And his mouth. And his tongue.

As the convulsions started to subside, memory of that tongue and the pleasure it had just caused flooded her mind. Mara eased herself forward on it and a convulsion hit. It wasn't really pain so she eased back along it, her sensitivity causing another convulsion, but she wanted to stretch the pleasure of the orgasm out as far as possible. It occurred to Mara she was holding her breath and she let it out in a soft moan. Her senses were returning along with her balance. She moved tentatively on Damon's tongue as he continued to hold it out and stationary, trying to milk the pleasurable sensations while at the same time not tripping the convulsions.

"Again?" she asked after most of the convulsions had passed.

Damon thrust his tongue into her vagina as far as it would go, maybe reminding her of another body part that could better do the task. Then he latched on to her clitoris and started beating the hell out of it. The attention triggered a late convulsion and Mara lifted off his face. She traced her way down his bound arms with her soft fingers as she slid her torso down his body. She gave his shoulders a short massage then wiped his face a bit drier. As she backed down him, Damon's manhood poked her inner thigh. Mara lifted herself over it and sat down astride his thighs. Taking his rigid flesh pole in hand, Mara said, "It looks like someone is happy to see me." She moved forward and ran his tip across her nether lips. Then abruptly got off the bed and started walking away. "Thanks, Damon. See you later," and left the room.

Wtf? Damon thought as she left. He could hear her in the kitchen, maybe the refrigerator door, then the door to the garage. A little worried about this new behavior and I wonder if sex while channeling a spirit allows one to forego orgasm longer, Damon channeled one of his spirits.

Mara returned wearing tight leather driving gloves and a couple of bottles of liquid. She cracked open the top on one and carefully lowered it to Damon's lips. The coolness soothed his throat as the liquid ran down it. Grasping his dick with leather gloved hand, Mara quickly got Damon rock hard again, pumping him as she repositioned herself to straddle his hips. She guided him into her and on the third stroke she brought him gently into contact with her unyielding cervix. At first, she moved mainly up and down on his shaft. It was a few moments before he realized she was humming the song he had hummed. She moved to its beat. A bit further along, Damon realized the channeled spirit was going to prolong the time until he ejaculated, so he luxuriated in the feel of the soft warmth of the flesh sliding up and down his shaft. He watched Mara's breasts bounce as her body slammed down, then how they became somewhat weightless as her body reached the apex and started back down. He resented having his hands restrained instead of kneading that ample breast flesh or holding her ass in his hands and guiding her up and down his shaft. Damon looked at her astrally, her aura glowing beautifully. It let him actually see a manifestation of her lust and joy, of her senses alive and tingling.

She came and fell forward, exhausted from her exertions. Her aura reminded Damon of watching a fireworks display. Damon slowly pumped in and out of her, wanting to keep her fire stoked and aware of his continuing hardness. So Damon gently massaged her blissful, post orgasmic insides, since he was restrained from doing much else. Mara let out a contented "Mmmmm." Shortly, she was moving forward and back in harmony with Damon's movements. Mara brought her lips to Damon's and kissed him gently, complementing the slow rocking of their bodies, her hair falling about their heads in gentle curls enveloping them within an intimate veil. At first, her breasts were flattened against Damon's chest as she lay atop him, but as their pace picked up and their kissing became more passionate, Mara lifted a bit causing her breasts to drag up and down his chest as she bore up and down his shaft.

She broke the kiss, turning her head to the side, breathing hard and deep. Damon's lips found her neck and rained kisses. Mara maneuvered some more, presenting her ear to Damon's face and he licked the lobe then sucked it and her dangling earring into his mouth. Moments later, Mara presented her other ear to his lips. She'd caught her breath but now it was becoming labored again. Mara raised her upper body from Damon's and placed her hands on his nipples. As she pinched them, Mara brought her elbows in causing her breasts to pop forward. She started fondling one of her own nipples as well as one of Damon's, relishing the feel of the leather on her milky flesh. Mara raised her nipple to her lips and flicked a tongue over it, then sucked it into her mouth. She released it with a popping noise, then gave her opposite nipple similar treatment. She pulled off a glove with her teeth and sucked on her fingers, her breathing through her nose, sounding like a primal animal as she continued to exert herself fucking down on Damon's cock.

Sitting up straighter on Damon, Mara abandoned his nipple to pay attention to her own, liking the sensation of the leather and the bit of disconnect it provided to overlook that it was her own hand. She realized how much she missed his hands all over her body when they fucked, but the trade off for the kinkiness of having him restrained was worth it. A somewhat nasty, evil thought came to mind as she searched for something to think about besides her oncoming orgasm.

Removing dripping fingers from her mouth and using them to cradle and squeeze his balls, Mara asked, "Are you going to cum with me this time? I don't think I'm up for another round." Then she bent back to give Damon a good view of her riding his cock.

The view of his cock parting her distended inner labia as it moved in and out of sight within her vagina turned Damon on even more. "May I speak?" he asked.

"You just did," she said through panting breathes. "Go ahead. You may speak."

"May I cum?" he asked.

"You have my permission," Mara said, hissing it out as she fought to reach her climax, but conflicted by wanting to extend the pleasure as long as possible.

It wasn't the view or hearing Mara's building orgasm or having permission that put Damon over the edge. The permission ploy was a mind game. The view had really helped and he absolutely loved hearing Mara in heat. But what put him over was the evil bitch sliding her wet finger up his ass. As she found his prostate and massaged it, he started blasting cum into her.

Mara had been waiting for it. Feeling him cumming inside her put her over the edge and her exhausted muscles started quivering. Her hand dropped from her nipple to her clitoris and she rubbed the area frantically. Doing so any sooner would have caused her orgasm, but now she could add to its intensity. Mara dropped fully onto Damon's shaft. She wanted to keep fucking him as he came but the intensity of the orgasm pulsing through her would not allow it. Damon took over, thrusting up into her, wanting to deliver his load as deep within her as possible. He was at the apex of his thrust as each spasm of his ejaculation hit. As the intensity of his ejaculation waned, his thrusts lost their urgency. When she quit feeling Damon unloading his seed inside her, Mara removed her finger from his ass and leaned in to kiss Damon in their post orgasm bliss.

They gently kissed until Damon thought Mara was presenting her ear for kisses but found himself a little disappointed as her hair dragged across his face and she slid off him, exhausted and asleep. Damon kissed the hair on the back of her head with a thank you peck then considered his vulnerable, restrained predicament. Looking down at his exposed genitals Damon thought Well this is another fine mess you've gotten me into.