 Chapter 1 - The Taming of Jezelle

"I certainly hope it isn't much farther."

"I am as eager as yourself, my lord. Worry not, we're almost there."

The hunger was so ravenous within Jezelle. It had been days since she had last fed; there had been little safe opportunity to do so. The villagers and militia had started looking into the disappearances of the locals, and a single sloppy mistake would lead them right to her. Thankfully she had some restraint, unlike her weaker sisters. A night's worth of hard work was about to reach its climax as the pair walked through the torch lit streets to her humble shack. Inwardly Jezelle grinned at the thought of what was to come as she walked arm in arm with the young Paladin. Their meeting at the tavern was purely by chance, made all the sweeter since he was the perfect target. 

He was young and alone, away from his home across the continent, and brimming with mana. He hadn't even thought to check into an inn yet, especially not with Jezelle's invitation for him to warm her bed.

With a body like hers it wasn't surprising that he accepted. Truth be told as far as the demon was concerned it was nothing special but the glamour was what made it truly shine. It affected no two people the same way, but the end result made all who see her lust with equal desire. Currently she bore a petite frame that was overly curvy in just the right places, short mousy brown hair, and a typical peasant girl's garb that had been hemmed just so to make it more enticing. 

Sir Juste, for example, was drawn deeply into her almond shaped oceanic blue eyes. Juste was quite delectable to look at himself. A strong jaw and face that was unmarred and cleanly shaven. His dirty blond hair always needed to be brushed out of his vision. He wore light armor compared to other holy warriors she'd met. White enameled shoulder guards and breastplate barely protected his torso while matching greaves and gauntlets covered his extremities. A pure white linen robe lay beneath, cinched by his swordbelt. 

A single touch revealed the lean definition that lay under. A single touch also revealed a swell at his loins that Jezelle was apt to touch as well. And his eyes... They spoke of passion, but not the kind that a Paladin usually carries. It was hard to believe anything he'd said to her all eve when his essence reeked of such innocence. Not necessarily in the carnal sense, for that was what drew her to him, but in the worldly sense. He was as green and unbloodied as a squire half his age. 

Hell, she even doubted his claim to such a title as Holy Paladin of Lumaris.

From his attitude and stories he told he was more likely a young noble with gold enough for the gear to back up his tales and a penchant for gullible peasant girls than he was a brave demon-banishing warrior of light. 

Jezelle decided when they first locked eyes that she didn't care either way. There was a fire burning within Juste, for certain, but it was not nearly as virtuous as one of his stature should hold. The golden-eyed boy was going to ravage her the way she craved. Her mind wandered as he droned on about his brave deeds. The hunger was pushing her to the edge and starting to chip away at her focus. For hours he told her of bold stories of his battles and equally vivid tales of bedding. At times she was so out of it that the tales seemed to be one and the same. Just a bit longer and she would be sated, she told herself. When they finally reached her humble abode the door was slammed and locked behind them with fervor. 

It was time to sate her hunger.

"My lord, shall we retire to my chambers or -- Oohh!" Jezelle's words were cut off as the young paladin grabbed a fistful of her short hair and forced her to her knees.

"I think neither of us can wait any longer." He grinned at her knowingly.

Jezelle nuzzled her cheek against his burgeoning hardness as she unfastened his swordbelt, throwing it and his mace a bit further away than necessary. It never hurts to take extra precautions, she thought as her deft fingers slid into the robe to draw him forth from his smallclothes. She licked her painted lips as she eyed his member, fingers running through the curly mass that matched his hair. 

"I am quite happy my lord was not just boasting about this." she said sultrily, stroking the entire length playfully.

Jezelle let out an almost pained gasp as his grip upon her hair tightened again and forced her against his throbbing sex. 

"If I'd wanted your mouth used for anything else I would not have you down there woman." 

She was completely right about Juste's desire. He may not know how to treat a lady properly but he sure as hell knew how to treat a lady as she secretly desired. Not needing to be told again she made haste to sheath him in her mouth. The first bob was just a few inches, but each subsequent slurp took in more. By the time she'd worked down most of his shaft he had removed all armor but his robe, which now showed his bare chest in the moonlight.

Lust instinct took over Jezelle as she licked him from base to tip, tasting as much of the Paladin as she could. She used both hands to stroke him as she suckled the top inches. Pre-cum smeared against the back of her throat, the taste driving her hunger into overdrive. Everything she had wanted and needed was but a tease that was swallowed in an instant. Hands slipped about his waist as she rhythmically worked his cock over, trying to suck his essence from him. Juste did his part helping to force her deeper on him. Her eyes welled with tears as she gagged happily on him, looking up at him. His face was stoically content, his eyes wanting more. She gave it to him while never breaking her gaze.

His breathing began to quicken at her work and he caressed her cheek as a sign. Feverishly she sucked up and down his sex until Juste threw his head back and moaned, muttering nonsensically as the passion took him and she brought him to climax. At first it came but a trickle, but soon he spewed forth his entire load into her mouth. In an instant pleasure washed over the succubus as she devoured his essence. She had tried not to spill any, yet in her heat she made a mess of it. Jezelle took care to lick it all up from his hips and from her fingers, noticing the faint glow his semen seemed to have. A trick of the eyes, she thought, returning her gaze to focus deeply into his eyes.

The warmth coated her throat as she swallowed. It spread through her body, inflaming her nethers far more than they were moments ago. Oddly, it wasn't as satisfying as she'd hoped, there was a feeling of emptiness from it. No matter, she would use this mortal as much as she needed to feel full once more. There was no more need for her ruse, no more need to wait. Juste was hers to feed on until her lust was sated and he was but a husk of a man. She controlled him now.

"Tell me my lord, what do you love about me?"

"The ruby glitter of your eyes," he said obediently.

Her question of confusion was choked out of existence by tightness in her throat. He knew... He knew all along.

"It's no use, I've sealed that dirty mouth of yours. Not so much as a whimper will pass from those lips unless I permit it."

Her chest rose and fell quickly as she squirmed, the thin wisps of sheer silk that draped over her breasts straining against her erect nipples. Her arms were locked where they were by the magical manacles, but her legs could flail freely. As her captor stalked towards the bed, she tried to push away unsuccessfully. His member was still throbbing hard and dripped as he approached. 

She had noticed it more than anything. Despite her utter fear of what was to come she was horny beyond belief. The spiritual energy from his sperm flowed through her and fully ignited her hunger. It was taking over. Jezelle was torn between the two feelings but it was inevitable that the hunger would win. Here she was, moments from death, and all she wanted was him inside of her. 

I'm no better than those whorish Lilim, she thought in disgust.

The paladin caught her glances between his two weapons and smirked. "What a miserable creature you are. Well, don't worry. I'm not going to banish you the way a vile demon like you deserves. There's more than one way to punish evil." 

Her eyes flickered in thought, trying to decipher his meaning as he ignored his steel aside and crawled onto the bed. Jezelle eyed him like the piece of meat he was, trying hard to think. It was getting harder to do so. 

The basic robe slipped from his shoulders as he moved towards her. "You shall repent for your sins."

Trying to speak again and having no words come forth made her suddenly realize his meaning as he approached. He means to bind me, Jezelle thought in a panic. She pressed her knees together as hard as she could, yet found it to be no use. Her inner demon craved to have him inside her once more, to feel the hardness pound into her depths and fill her. 

He jerked off slowly before her as his glowing seed trailed down his fingers, as if beckoning her to open the portcullis guarding her keep. He could see what she wanted as plain as day. 

As if to satisfy her craving he moved towards her and without hesitation she parted her thighs, eager like a bitch in heat. 

Please no, raced through her mind. But then he stopped, his sex barely brushing against hers. Her nectar trailed to his head from when they briefly met. Her ruby eyes watched as her hips writhed to try and draw him in.

"Do you wish to be forgiven and be a cause for good in this world?" he asked.

No, I'd rather be dead than that!"I want you to fuck me!" Jezelle was finally allowed to say.

"Pleasure is only for those who seek redemption. I ask again, do you wish to repent?"

The hunger didn't understand what he wanted from her. Don't do it, she screamed at herself, he wishes to enthrall you! If her hunger could hear, it plainly didn't care. The demon within wanted one thing right now, to be used like a common whore until he shot all his seed within her. The scant shreds of rationality within Jezelle was terrified at the thought of what he asked her, yet her body acted on its own.

"Nnn...n-no," she managed to stutter, arching her back languidly, desperately, as the hunger began to overpower her sensibilities. She moaned plaintively as she writhed. "Please... please don't... please fuck me!"

"Carnality can only be given to those who seek redemption," he spoke coolly, almost seductively as he rubbed the tip of his member over her exposed clit.

The sensation sent a shockwave through her. "A...anything... Just fuck me... I'll do anything..."

What kind of monster is he? Seducing a succubus... I am my own ruin.

"Answer my question properly then." Again he smeared his tip against her in agonizing circles.

I'd rather die than be a pet of the light! 

"Ohh Gods... I'll repent! I'll do anything! I'll be good..." Another circle, and another. "Oh Gods, I'll be good..." He slapped it hard thrice. 

I swear to the gods I'll kill you for this! 

"I'll do anything," she promised in a whimper. "I'll kill the demon queen herself, just fuck me pleeease!" the succubus cried, drawing out the last syllable miserably.

"In the name of Athamas the Broken..." 

Don't you dare! Don't even think about it! 

"I shall consecrate your darkness and set you on the path of righteousness."

And before she could mentally protest anymore, he drew aside the sopping wet silk that futilely covered her slit and speared her. All semblance of reason melted from her mind as her hunger got what it wanted. The succubus was in full feeding mode now, existing only for the holy shaft within her.

"Ohhh yes!"

Without a word he fucked her, deeply. It was hot inside her as it easily slipped in and nearly out over and over. 

Never had she felt such power in a man; she wanted it. Her elegant long legs entwined about his hips to draw him in deeper. A thumb took up the place where his head was moments ago and stroked her clit as he rammed into her. Jezelle had been so wound up from his teasing and denial that she came instantly to his stimulation. She shuddered in ecstasy as her sex clung to his in waves. When it subsided she looked at him with lust drunk eyes, her tongue lolling.

Something is wrong, she thought. He didn't cum! There wasn't a man alive who could withstand the cunt of a succubus in full climactic spasm. She whined and squirmed, needing more of him. She needed his seed, his essence. 

As if he'd read her mind his hips ground into her once more, his hands finding her breasts, squeezing them as if he were trying to milk a Holstaurus. 

It wasn't long before the piston thrusting of his member caused her to climax again. Succubi become ravenous when they orgasm. It takes just one to set off a chain reaction that makes them crave another and another, usually ending when their partner's life does. 

But here Juste stood, balls-deep in her after a second and not even pre-cum smeared her insides.

"If you truly wish to repent, then take it yourself," he grunted, trying to mute his own pleasure. "Forgiveness awaits all those who ask." 

With that he dispelled her bracers. 

The succubus was quick to take advantage, tumbling with him until she mounted his hips. Vigorously she rode him, the wings upon her hips fluttering. His rough hands rested on her hips, rocking them as she impaled herself on his spear. Harder and faster she bounced on him, scratching up his chest as she craved him to explode in her. She whined as she neared another orgasm and was being denied.

"Ask and ye shall receive."

"Cum inside me... Please.. Ohh fuck I need it!"

The paladin closed his eyes in meditation, "That's not what you should be asking for. Your body I already have, it's your soul I need."

"Please don't make me... I need you.. Oh Gods...!" she screamed as she came, not relenting in her assault. When he did not fill her yet again she started to get desperate as her primal urges reduced her to a base beast. "Please please pleeeease! I asked nicely, I said please! I'll be good! I want to be a good girl for you! I... I'll be yours. I'll do anything! Please forgive me and let your seed quicken inside me. I promise I'll be your good girl if you do!"

His thumb ran from nipple to nipple across her chest, then from neck to navel. Juste uttered another spell beneath his moans and rested his hand on her mound as she ground on him. Then he released as deep as he could within her, causing the succubus to join him.

"Oh Gods yes! That's just what I -- W-what? No..." The first blast inside her felt so good, her body devouring his mana, but subsequent squirts were less and less satisfying. The first had been like nothing more than a few scant water drops on her parched tongue. There was disappointment and craving stirring within her. She knew what had happened even if her hunger did not. Her slit was as sealed and useless as her mouth was.

It mattered not to the hunger. It needed him and was desperate now. Jezelle's body knew if he couldn't satisfy her womanhood then she'd need to try somewhere else. With wanting she crawled off of him and threw her face down in the sheets, one talon working her dripping sex while the other spread her ass as best it could.

"Please, master Paladin. You promised to give it to me if I'd swear to be good. I will, I swear to the succubus queen herself I will!"

"A righteous man can only take what's offered to him," he said as he began to tease her hole with a finger covered in his semen. The hot feeling of it drove her crazy inside.

"Take my ass, master. My whole body is yours. I promised it was! Please sate my hunger... I need you so badly."

"With such a vile act I shall end your reign and you'll be born anew," he said victoriously, easily sliding his juice-covered cock into her tight bottom. 

She loved and dreaded the sensation of him splitting her. Each thrust felt like a burning sword stabbing her. She'd had many a large man before, but a succubus' body can easily shift and accommodate. But not now. Something about him suppressed her in that sense. She felt him as if she were mortal again and before her change she'd never had a man in her rear, let alone one so big. It was a sweet, pleasureful agony. She would have begged for more if she could but Jezelle was biting and moaning into her pillow.

His cock pulsated as blood coursed through it, thrusting deep into her. 

Jezelle felt as if each pound was smashing up her guts and stirring up her insides. She was thrust back upon Juste as he held her hips firm. 

He fucked her slowly at first, but now he sped up.

She cried out as she knew what was about to come.

And then he did. 

She was pulled helplessly onto his full shaft as he unloaded in her, the sticky seed filling her. It shot and oozed deeper into her being and for the first time all night he allowed her to feed. She was overloaded by the sensation of it all and blacked out, her tensing body milking him for all he was worth.

---

It must have been well beyond dawn when Jezelle awoke to find herself resting beside her night's paramour. Juste's broad shouldered back lay facing her as she roused from her slumber. The hunger lurked within her still, but it had been fed enough for her to have complete control once more. On the whole she seemed fine, though couldn't shake the feeling that something felt off. She had been changed by the paladin's ritual, she knew, but couldn't tell how. What was most important was that she was still alive; what was most surprising was that Juste was still alive.

Whatever he had done to her must have taken a lot out of him, for he was completely passed out. For minutes she watched the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest. She did her best to try and remember the events of the last night, but everything after returning to her shack had been a blur. Like a berserker lost to bloodlust she remembered very little when the hunger took over. Sickness wound its way through her stomach as the realization dawned on her. Bits and pieces of his righteous pillow talk began to come through the haze of her thoughts. Logically, there was only one explanation of the whole situation: the paladin had bested her in bed.

Something like that was practically death to a demon like her. The flow of energy between a succubus and her prey was a delicate thing. It was easy enough to feed, but if one succumbs first it goes the other way. Jezelle still felt like she had power, but it was only a fraction of what she held before. If that wasn't bad enough it had been long since decreed by the demon queen that any succubus who was weak enough to be bested by a mortal was to be banished from their realm. It was like being a dragon who could no longer breathe flame; the demon queen had no use for the useless. Some of the more extreme would even go beyond rejecting the succubus and seek to slay the weakling. There was little of her life she could remember, but now the little she did have was forfeit. 

Jezelle had been doing quite well for herself but this young warrior had just ruined it all for her. Again she looked over at the youth. A deep sense of disgust churned within her at the sight of him. The succubus would be lying if she said that was all she felt, though. 

Here lay the first man to ever withstand her power and it wasn't even a close contest. Juste had utterly dominated her and deep down she loved it. One always desires what they can't have, though in Jezelle's case it was more so that no one was able to actually give it to her. Not until last night.

Whatever his reasons and however twistedly he had done so, Juste actually made the effort to put her own pleasure above his. She felt drawn to him because of this, as nonsensical as it was to her. Succubi don't bind themselves to anyone. But now, in her current situation, she may not have a choice. The thought of that caused her to bite her lip in exhilaration before her nature took over again. She was an elder succubus who had long served the demon queen faithfully. Her kind are the masters, not the slaves. 
