 "I do not think this will end well for you," Keira said as she raised the goblet of sparkling wine to her lips. "Perhaps you have forgotten we are a secret society which aims to depose kings? Do you expect us to merely wish you a fond farewell?"

"I will not interfere with the Lodge, I will swear to that," Triss said firmly. Keira met this declaration with silence. "And we have all known each other for ages, haven't we?"

"Yes, I do suppose there is that," Keira sipped her wine. It was clear she did not think much of the argument.

"I should never have joined in the first place." Triss looked at her pleadingly. "Please, Keira, aid me. I am sure you can persuade the rest of them." 

"I might," Keira said and the haughty smile she always wore seemed to get sharper. "But what shall you give me in return?" 

"What would you like?"

"In point of fact," Keira breezily put down her wine on the nightstand beside her, "there is something I would like, but I fear it may prove too much for you." 

"Anything, Keira. I must leave the Lodge." 

"Well, then," Keira said, comfortably reclining back in her armchair, "if that is so, I would much prefer us to continue this conversation with you in the nude." 

Triss looked at her with surprised indignation. There had always been rumors that Keira freely enjoyed the company of women as well as men. In truth, she considered, letting Keira have her way now was a small price to pay. The Lodge would not survive long. Her fellow sorceresses thought themselves far too clever and little understood the games they were playing at; she was certain they would be exposed in time. She had to disassociate herself, the sooner the better. 

She raised her arms, her mind made up, about to cast the spell of evanescence of her clothes, when Keira shook her head.

"No, dear, why don't you use your hands?" 

Hesitatingly, Triss brought her hands down and began to unbutton. The two of them had been colleagues for ages, sometimes rivals and sometimes friends, and now she was standing in front of Keira undressing herself. It did not help that Keira seemed altogether too satisfied to sit there and watch her disrobe, the expression on her face even more overbearing than usual.

The shoes came first, followed by her pants and then her tunic. The whole process took longer than she thought, for unlike Keira, who always seemed to wear pretty, floral-patterned summer dresses, Triss preferred a more functional manner of attire. She could not help blushing when she stood before her rival in only her bra and panties.

"Everything, my dear."

She turned crimson as she slipped off her bra, her hands seeming to resist as if they posessed their own will. This was to be more difficult than she thought. She had faced down great dangers in the past without flinching, and now the simple act of disrobing to the pleasure of a fully-dressed Keira was proving incapacitatingly humiliating. She took a deep breath and slid down her panties, carelessly tossing them to the side with a feigned insouciance. But she suddenly felt embarrassed at her nudity and could not help but cover herself up with her hands. 

"Now, my dear, I will cast my voice in favor of your request with the Lodge. In return, you have to satisfy my whims tonight, you understand?"

Triss nodded. She did not find the thought of spending the night with Keira appealing, having never thought of women as sexually attractive, but neither did she find it repulsive. It was to be...an experience, she told herself. And it would be over soon and then she would be free from danger. 

"Lovely. Why don't you hold your hands above your head and turn around slowly. Let me have a close look at that wonderful body of yours." 

Triss turned slowly, embarrassed to be wantonly on display. She always had a mild disstate for Keira, who seemed to be thoroughly selfish brat; it was odious to have to display herself now for Keira's amusement. And yet, in spite of herself, she noticed with alarm that she had begun to moisten and that her nipples had begun to stiffen. 

"I can see why so many men have been mad about you darling. Why don't you come over here, dear, and take off my shoes." 

That wasn't difficult. Triss sat herself down at Keira's feet and began to slide off her lacy slippers. 

"My feet are so awfully cramped today. Why don't you give me a little massage?"

Triss nodded submissively and began gently kneading Keira's feet with her hands, sliding aside her skirt and slowly working her way up from the soles of her feet to her thighs. To her surprise, Triss felt her arousal growing rapidly. There was something erotically charged about sitting nude at Keira's feet and following her orders, her distaste for Keira seeming to only add to it. 

Keira looked down at her rival with evident satisfaction. She could not help recalling all the times the two of them had been at odds, all the times that Merigold outmaneuvered her in the political tussles of northern sorcerers. It was delicious to have her humbled her so. 

The massage did feel wonderful and Keira said nothing for a while, simply letting Triss run her hands gently over her feet. She liked Triss, she thought to herself. Sure, she could be stubborn and difficult at times, but once deflated and put her in her proper place she could become a lovely companion. 

She could not help noticing Triss' evident arousal. Triss' breath was uneven and, as her arms gently moved up and down, quick moans of pleasure occasionally escaped her lips. It must be that Triss is submissive, Keira thought with delight. She turned the notion over in her head. If so, it should not be difficult to coerce Triss into submitting to her again in the future. The Lodge had the power to grant many favors, and now that Triss would not be a member she would need to bargain if she desired its services.

With that delicious thought, Keira pulled her skirt aside and put her hand on the back of Triss's head, guiding it towards her cunt. Triss did not seem to need any further instructions as she slid Keira's panties aside and hungrily put her tongue on Keira's clit. 

She had never done this before, that much was quite clear to Keira, and yet the enthusiasm with which Triss lapped at her was lovely. Her tongue felt heavenly as it made its way all over her pussy lips and pressed on her clit. It was also wonderful to look down and see Triss' face glistening with pussy juices, her luxurious auburn hair spilling out. With a sigh of pleasure, Keira pushed Triss's head harder onto her cunt.

"Merigold, darling," Keira said, "You are a first class pussy eater." She briefly gasped with pleasure before continuing. "You know, I absolutely adore having my arsehole played with; why don't you be a dear, take your pinky and push it in there ever so slightly."

Triss complied. In all her years of knowing Keira, she had never imagined she would one day be reduced to fingering her bum; and yet here she was. Worse, she seemed to enjoy it, each of Keira's humiliating requests sending a pleasant shiver through her body.

With Triss' lips at her cunt and finger in her ass, it did not take long for Keira to come close to orgasm. When she felt herself on the verge of it, she raised her legs and locked Triss's head between them. She had always squirted uncontrollably during orgasm. As she came now, her juices now gushed all over Triss's face. She felt Triss make some instinctual motion to move away, but her legs held Triss firmly in place. 

Once it was all over Keira relaxed her legs and slumbered back into her armchair. 

"Now, Merigold dear, don't you look very handsome with my juices all over that pretty face of yours?" 

Triss was panting for breath as she silently wiped the fluids away from her eyes. She was clearly still aroused, Keira was satisfied to see, wetness dripping from her cunt onto the floor. 

"My dear, would you like to come?"

Words seemed too much for Triss at the moment. She could only nod.

"I am afraid I am not a fan of munching on other girls, though I do adore being eaten out myself. But you may touch myself, here on the floor before me."

Triss shuddered. Another humiliation: Keira had given her permission to masturbate in front of her. And yet she could not help herself, she was aroused now, her body seeming to delight at being ordered around and talked down to. Almost against her will, she positioned herself on the floor, spread her legs and started gently touching her clit. 

Keira found the goblet on the nightstand once again and took a sip. 

"My dear, I am afraid I have not been entirely honest with you. Make no mistake, I will help you quit the Lodge, but you are very foolish to think my support shall be enough. You will need Philippa and Sile on your side as well."

"What?" Triss seemed shocked to hear it.

"Oh, do not worry dear, both will be happy to make the same bargain with you that I made. You would like that, wouldn't you? Wouldn't you enjoy servicing each of them?"

Normally the thought would have seemed abhorrent to Triss. Now, in her aroused state, a moan of pleasure escaped her lips.

"That is what I thought. Only...I'm afraid their needs are a little more extensive than mine." 

Keira emptied the goblet and put it back on the stand. 

"Philippa will insist on whipping you before she lets you put your lovely lips on her cunt. That is her pleasure, I'm afraid." 

Triss pictured herself lying nude and face-down in Philippa's chambers, her ass a fiery streak red as Philippa brought down her belt upon it. She felt herself coming close to orgasm. 

"And as for Sile...well...all I can say is that she can be a cruel bitch at times. Have you met Cynthia, dear? When she asked Sile to borrow one of her rare runestones, Sile was only too happy to oblige...provided she let the dwarf merchant Sile was haggling with have a paw at her tits." 

Keira laughed. 

"Apparently, Cynthia needed that runestone quite desperately. That pathetic midget must have gotten down on his knees to thank his fortunes! I heard he kneaded and sucked on Cynthia's breasts for the better part of an hour before Sile kicked him out. I do wonder what she will do with you..."

Triss trembled at the thought of being Sile's plaything. The two of them had never been fond of each other and Sile would certainly enjoy some petty cruelty at her expense. And yet she knew that she had to do whatever it took to leave the Lodge. It was then, to the sound of Keira's haughty laughter, that Triss felt herself erupting in orgasm.