 I was driving through the mountains, returning home after visiting my family. I saw the storm approaching, but after driving two hours, I decided to push forward. 

The rain is torrential. I consider pulling over when lightning crashes down in front of me. It hits a huge tree. As I see the tree falling, I put my breaks on, but I start to skid on the wet pavement. I turn into the skid, and the passenger side of my car slams against the trunk. The explosive sound of twisting metal makes my ears ring

I sit in the car trying to calm my breathing. I check myself for damage. Shattered glass rained all over me in the crash. Branches have speared through the back windows. The tree will have to be cut up before my car can be extracted. My bags and emergency kit are in the trunk. No help there as it is all smashed up. I reach to the passenger seat, looking for my phone.

I find it. It has a full battery, but between the storm and the mountains; there is no reception. I put it in my pocket, grab my keys, and get out. I look behind me, but I don't see any cars coming. I climb over the tree, and make my way forward. The thought of hitchhiking fills me with foreboding, but I need to get to shelter.

I slosh through the water on the road. Running down the side of the mountain, it hits my ankles with force. Lightning strikes around me, lighting up the dark areas of the forest. I see a silhouette of a wolf in the distance. When the light fades, I can't see it any longer, but I'm not waiting around here. I push forward.

In my haste to get away, I place my foot wrong. I go down, and the water sweeps me down the side of the road. I curl into a ball going with the flow of the water. I travel a good distance before a group of trees stop me. 

Soaked to the bone, I lay there trying to get my bearings. As I look around, I see the wolf at the top of the road, looking back at me. Its fur is a beautiful silver color, and it is far huger than what my glimpse of it earlier suggested. I struggle to get to my feet. My sodden clothes make everything harder to do, but I find my balance and move. 

I look back behind me, but I can't see it. It probably gave up to find easier prey. With the rain and water build up, climbing up isn't an option. I make my way farther down. The mountain is heavily forested where I am. I pick my way down, and see that I am going into a valley. With the ground flattening out, I might be able to find a road.

I stop under some trees, taking a break. My tummy starts to growl at me, and I realize that it's been a while since I've eaten. I pull my phone out of my pocket, but it's as waterlogged as I am. I shove it back in, then start looking for a road; wondering when it will quit raining. 

As I move, my eyes keep scanning for possible signs of life. With the storm and the forest covering, darkness is not far off. I'm fairly warm, but later it will be cold. The sound of a branch cracking draws my attention to the right of me. For a second, I thought I saw a bit of silver fur through the trees.

I look harder, but the rain obscures my vision. I veer to my left. I keep a steady pace, picking my way through the trees. I am already soaked and starving, but now I can feel my body tiring. I push myself to keep going. The trees look like they are starting to thin out.

I step out into a clearing. There is a sheer mountain wall right in my way. I have wasted all this time to get to a dead end. I scream in sheer frustration. Behind me, I hear a wolf howl. I turn around and realize that it is six feet from me. I back away from it, right into the cliff face. I am trapped.

My heart is pounding in my chest. Its eyes are a silverish-blue color. It takes a step forward, sniffing the air. I am sure that it is catching the scent of my fear. It pads softly towards me, and I start to tremble. I feel adrenaline hit, and I run to my right. I hear it chasing me. 

I see a cave entrance up ahead. I use my last bit of energy to get to it. The mouth is large enough for me to get into without having to duck. Inside the cave opens to a short tunnel. I can move through it without hitting the sides. It opens into a large area. 

I blink as I look around. There is a fire and bedroll set up like someone lives here. Off to the side there is a hot spring connected to a stream. Exhausted and out of breath, I sink to the ground, wrapping my arms around my knees. I hear the soft padding from the wolf coming up behind me. I look at it. "Are you someone's pet?" I ask.

It stops in front of me, and stands up on its hind legs. As I watch, the fur on its body recedes. Its facial features soften to human features. I realize it is all male. I hear a whimper, realizing that it came from my own throat. I hear the word "No," as I slip into unconsciousness.

I awake to the smell of roasting meat and wood smoke. My stomach growls as my brain recognizes it. I am warm and comfortable. My body is naked. I am laying on a Sherpa bedroll, and covered with a fur blanket. I open my eyes, and let my ears take in my surroundings.

"I know you're awake. I can hear your heart beating faster."

I sit up, holding the blanket to me. He is sitting on his haunches by the fire. His hand rotates a spit over the fire that is holding a brace of rabbits. There is a tanning rack holding four new furs, and a stand with my clothes next to it. Between the fire and the spring, the cave is comfortably warm.

Sometime while I slept, he put on a pair of jeans. The material is stretched tight across his muscular butt and thighs. I snicker, thinking they are threatening to split open at any moment. The fire lights and defines the muscles in his body spectacularly. His shoulder-length hair looks like liquid silver in the firelight.

I watch as he twists the legs off the rabbits. He puts them on a plate, removes the spit from the fire, and sits down in front of me. He cocks a silver eyebrow at me, and his silverish blue eyes twinkle. He waves a rabbit leg under my nose. "Are you hungry," he asks. My stomach rumbles in response.

I nod my head as I watch his long fingers rip the flesh from the bone. He puts the morsel to his mouth, and his lips blow on it. He smiles at me, knowing he has my attention. He puts it by my mouth. I try to take it with my fingers, but he shakes his head. "No greasy fingers on the bed clothes." 

I open my mouth, and he gently places it in there. He rubs his thumb on my lip as he takes his hand away. The rabbit is succulent and tender. I moan my appreciation as I chew it. He steadily feeds me pieces until there is nothing but bones. He sets the plate aside.

"Feeling better?" He brushes a curl away from my face, and tucks it behind my ear. I nod my head at him. He touches my cheek. "Are you scared," he asks with concern. 

"No, I'm surprised and fascinated. Lycans are supposed to be fairy tales. Stories invented to keep people easily controlled. Wait. Does this mean that vampires are real too?"

He laughs. A rumble from deep in his gut. "I've never seen one, but I'm guessing anything is possible."

"Does it hurt, shifting from one form to the other? Do you have to do a whole-body change, or can you change just certain parts?"

"When I was younger and tried to force it, it did. Now it's smooth and seamless." He smiles at me, and his canines lengthen. His voice gets deeper. "Is this what you were talking about?"

"Yes, those are really big. Are you going to eat me?"

"Not like that. I'm a werewolf, not a cannibal. I saw your car hit that tree, then I followed you to make sure you were safe. If I was going to take you down as dinner, I would have done it outside my den, where I wouldn't have to clean up a big mess."

I look around the cave. "Do you live here all the time?"

He laughs. "No. I'm a corporate executive. I come here when I need to let my inner beast roam. At the back of the cave, there is a tunnel that exits out the other side, opposite of the valley. I have a cabin close to it. Tonight, this storm will pass over, and I will take you there tomorrow, so you can take care of your car."

I smile at him in gratitude. "Thank you. I appreciate everything that you have done for me."

I reach my hand out and place it on his chest. The light dusting of hair there tickles my hand. I flex my fingers and palm into it, massaging them and savoring the feel. My heart starts to beat faster as I become excited.

His hand captures my wrist, and he rises to his knees. "I don't want a gratitude fuck."

I still my hand, and look up into his eyes. "My momma taught me that a sincere 'Thank you' is enough to convey appreciation, and that fucking is for desire. Right now, what I am feeling isn't gratitude, it's desire."

"I hope so. Your scent has been driving me crazy since you got out of that car. You know how you asked if I was going to eat you? Well, I am. I am going to devour you."

As he speaks, his eyes start glowing. His nails be come longer, more like claws. He brings my hand to his nose, then licks my palm. He places his other hand at my back, lifts me to my knees, and pulls me into him. I feel small and feminine against his hard body. This close, he smells of forest and rain.

He cradles the back of my head, dipping his head down to mine. Hesitantly, his lips touch mine. They are full, soft, and warm. I lick them, wanting to see how they taste. His tongue wraps around mine, and he presses more insistently. I open my mouth for him. He tastes sweet, wild, and lascivious.

My free hand roams down to his abdomen. The muscles there feel hard and unforgiving. There is a little happy trail that tickles the pads of my fingers. I follow it down until it disappears into the waistband of his jeans. I undo the button of his jeans, and use my hand to push them down. He lifts his legs out of them to accommodate me.

I let my hand trail down to his cock. It feels smooth and heavy in my hand. I grasp it, bring it upward, massaging the head with the pad of my thumb. He moans against my mouth, and I smile. He pulls my neck to the side, and licks up it. "Do you like teasing me," he growls in my ear. I moan in response. 

He sucks the hollow of my clavicle. He places my wrist on his shoulder, then his hands travel over my body, familiarizing himself. I grip his shoulder for balance as my body reacts to his ministrations. His hands cup my ass, bringing my pelvis to his. I squirm against him, enjoying the contact between us.

His hands move up to my breasts. He cups them, massaging my nipples, the same way that I did his head. He releases my shoulder, then sucks on each nipple until it is a hard, little pebble. I let my back arch, offering myself to him. He suckles until the are swollen and achy. 

His hand lets my breast rest against my chest, then travels down my abdomen to my vagina. He cups it with his hand. "Someone is slick." I push myself into his hand. "I am. I like what you're doing to me," I reply. His hand flattens, and his fingers rub me between my lips. My fingers grasp his shoulder tighter.

"Lie down," he commands. I sink to the ground, and recline backwards, keeping my eyes on his. He spreads my legs, then nestles between them. He breathes deeply, then growls at me. I instinctively try to close my legs, but he wraps his arms around them from underneath, holding them in place. He pulls my lips apart with his thumbs.

"You're smaller than what I thought. We are going to have to do something about that." 

His head dips down, and I feel his tongue drag up the length of my puss. I moan as its raspy texture creates friction against my sensitive flesh. He sucks on my clit, then blows. The cool air striking it lifts me up off the bedroll. "I like how sensitive you are." He dips his tongue inside me, lathing my juices all over my perineum, labia, and clit. He puts his mouth against me, sucking, and I feel his tongue growing inside me. 

As he fucks me with it, I spear my hands through his hair. I grind myself against his mouth. He sits up on his knees, taking me with him. He continues devouring me, as my back is pressed against his abdomen. My legs start trembling, and he sucks harder. My body starts to orgasm. He pulls my legs wider apart, watching the liquid pour over my mons and ass to trickle down my body.

When it runs between my breasts, I lick it, tasting myself. He eases me back down onto the bedroll, holds himself above me, then kisses me. The taste of him and my orgasm is heady and intoxicating. I let my legs fall apart. I reach for his cock, take hold of it, and rub the head against my opening. "Greedy little thing, aren't you?" I hear him chuckle. 

He reaches under me, pulls me to him, then rolls onto his back. I lift myself onto my knees, placing his head at my entrance. I push myself against it, teasing him. I sink down on it slowly, relishing the sensation of it being just a little too big for me. I clench it with my muscles, contracting and releasing it, massaging it with my insides.

I watch him as he tips his head back, and groans in ecstasy. I tilt my hips, rolling them against him. I feel myself getting wetter, and I rock harder, controlling the pace. I spread my lips, so my clit is against his pelvis. His hands come up, grabbing my cheeks, and spread them. It feels so good. 

I place my hands on his chest, for purchase. I slide myself up and down his cock, driving myself to another orgasm. He lifts me up from him a little, then starts plunging in and out of me. My nails curl into his chest. I clench his cock each time it is buried inside me. I try to hold it back, to savor the feeling longer, but he pushes farther into me. He forces me over the edge, and an orgasm contorts my body.

He pistons inside me until I can control my body again, stretching my orgasm out. When it is done, he lifts his hand in the air, and makes a circular motion. I smile, and turn myself facing away from him. He eases to his knees, helping me to mine. "Things might get hairy here, but I don't want you to freak out." 

As I'm wondering what's going to happen next, he grabs my hips, and moves inside me with long, deep strokes. He lifts my ass up, and pushes deeper than he has before. I whimper, wanting more. I rest my head on the bedroll, clutch the blanket in my hands, and push backwards. 

He takes a hold of me by my throat. His hand feels like it is covered in fur. He pulls me backward, making my back arch. I feel his other hand on my tailbone, holding me in place. As he impales himself on me, he moves faster and faster until my body can no longer keep up with him. The friction is delicious, and the only thing that I can do is feel and let my eyes roll back in my head.

I feel his claws press into my flesh as his cock expands in me, stretching me out. I hear him howl as he comes. His seed is hot, spilling out between us. The sensation makes me come again, and I scream as I release. Holding myself up on all fours, all I can do is pant as the shock waves rip through me. My pussy clenches and spasms around him. 

I feel him nip at my shoulder. His hand moves from my back to my clit, and rubs it furiously, wringing all that he can from me. I sob in pleasure. My arms give out, and he eases me to the ground. I look back at him. His form is halfway between wolf and man, like the depictions of old. As I look at him, his features recede, and he changes back to human. 

I move forward trying to get off his cock, but I realize that I am stuck. I look at him with a questioning glance. He looks at me a bit sheepishly. "Sorry, that's the wolf part of me. We are locked together for a while." I raise an eyebrow at him, but he just leans forward and scoops me up in his arms. He settles back against the pillow of his bedroll and cradles me to him.

"Rest now, the sun will be up soon, and there will be a lot to take care of." I open my mouth to argue, but he lowers his head, kissing me. I let my eyelids fall close, thinking to just rest my eyes for a bit. Morpheus has other ideas, and soon I am in a deep contented sleep...