 All characters in this work of fiction are over 18, or don't exist in normal time on terms we can comprehend.

---

I opened my eyes but it was too dark to see.

The specimen regained consciousness because we allowed it. As her faculties returned, she explored her position, an animalistic posture on her hands and knees selected specifically for her based on a profile of her psyche. The platform had been specifically constructed for her, with her torso resting against soft support, and pliable binders securing her limbs and midsection.

I couldn't remember how I'd gotten there, but I seemed to be in..."doggy style" position. Within moments I discovered I was firmly restrained. I also realized I was naked. So of course I started struggling.

She visibly came to understand her circumstances. They all do. She realized her nudity. She realized her bondage. She tested first her forelimbs, then her legs, and arched her back, finding them immobile. She began to reverberate confusion, intimidation, then humiliation; the first step to alignment, and our cue to proceed. The apparatus in contact with her pleasure centers began to resonate at high frequency and administer electrical impulses, of low intensity at first, moving her to the next step of realization, and therefore alignment.

Whatever my body was resting against started vibrating. That was when I tried to go to my happy place. I did, but it wasn't the happy place I wanted.

This step cannot be rushed as the specimen must first realize, then succumb to the manipulation. It is not and need not be on a conscious level, and her resistance is allowed for, and only temporary, doomed to be overwhelmed by the specimen's own nature. This specimen attempted to distract itself momentarily, a weak attempt by a pliable psyche. A specimen well-chosen.

It wasn't just vibrating, or even vibrating at all, it was more subtle than that. It was the kind of pleasure that bypassed the normal channels with an undiluted intensity, accompanied by familiar sensations of sucking or stroking.

As the specimen's mind began to fixate on the sensations, varied and more intense clitoral resonation and impulse, and organically simulated sensations administered to the nipples asymmetrically. The apparatus simulated pinching, biting, other experiences referenced from the specimen's own unprotected memory, further deepening the experience. Denial spikes at this time, as does humiliation, both of which are not only allowable, but critical to proper alignment.

I tried to ignore them, to focus on listening to my surroundings or finding out where I was, calling out before a particularly persuasive impulse turned my tongue to jell-o.

It is at this juncture that most specimens begin vocalizing. It confirms the imminent failure of the specimen's will and instincts of societal propriety. This is where they begin to break and alignment becomes attainable. This specimen's grip on conformity was particularly weak, and her vocalization was accompanied by a promising increase in lubrication.

And then, just as it seemed like they were going to finally make me cum against my will, when I finally let go and accepted that they were going to bring me off...they wouldn't let me.

Further variation and increases in intensity strategically applied to finer points of the specimen's sex organs and physical manipulation of the nipple and areola escalate the specimen's pleasure and distress to a critical point, one which must be carefully monitored and maintained. Too little intensity and the subject loses alignment. Too much and the accumulation is lost. The key is culmination without release, and careful variations to maintain focus, holding the subject as near the verge as possible. This requires more and more attention and finer and finer manipulation as time goes on, but is instrumental in circumventing the specimen's volition.

I couldn't tell what they were doing to my nipples or clitoris anymore. It was like they were beaming pleasure onto them. Before I was trying to ignore the sensations, but right then, I kinda wanted to cum, being balanced on the edge like that was excruciating...

The effectiveness is staggering. Any preoccupation, notions of identity, goals or imperatives, all collapse one by one when a specimen is brought within reach of intense climax, one that promises to be more intense and rewarding with each passing moment, and held in that state for an extended period. The specimen is overwhelmed with sex hormones, naturally dulling consciousness and reducing faculties. Over an extended period of time, the specimen's needs and desires fall one by one to the imminent and demanding need to reach climax, constantly denied by careful monitoring of the subject's consciousness and painstakingly tailored torment regimens by sophisticated equipment.

Panic welled up in me and I think I let out a wail. Before I thought they were going to rape me. Now I realized what they weren't going to do. I started struggling again. That didn't last long. But the torture did.

This is the most a critical part of the process, and perhaps the most arduous. Several shifts are taken, and the specimen must be sustained intravenously. The specimen's normal sleep cycle must be maintained, induced by psychoactive drugs to induce beneficial sleep but not impair neural function. A standard climax denial therapy covers three full sleep cycles was successfully maintained on this specimen.

Four days. Four days of being on the precipice, the very cusp of orgasm, falling asleep to that awful sensation and waking up to it screaming.

The specimen would routinely vocalize upon emerging from a sleep cycle. The procedure bypasses any need for conscious compliance by the specimen, and requires minimal participation, so it has never been deemed necessary to catalog her species' language, but her telepathic signature during these vocalizations indicates pleas for climax. These episodes lasted only 12 to 37 time units before articulation and focus were lost again. This is considered normal.

I would cry and beg for a while before I was...pacified again, reduced to moaning and panting, the only thing going on in my mind besides needing to cum was to occasionally wonder why, why were they doing this to me?

In earlier tests we would communicate with the subject, attempt to make them understand why they were chosen, explain the process of aligning the consciousness to the subconscious, that this therapy is a reflection of their own deep-seated and overriding desires. This subject, for instance, would be assured that her demeaning position was chosen specifically because it induced the strongest response, catering to her own desire to be treated like an animal, and that her humiliation would maximize her alignment.

Over time, though, we discovered humans do not respond well to being contacted telepathically. Coming to terms with a form of communication they have never experienced and cannot reciprocate is distracting, and proper alignment is achieved naturally through action. Communication is no substitute for time, and stress is critical to the process. Properly induced alignment occurs with or without the specimen's realization or consent. We simply choose our specimens more carefully.

Eventually my mind caved. I would do anything to make it stop, to keep it from stopping. Not that that makes sense. I didn't have any by then. All I remember was being upset when the machine let up, and more alarmed at hearing something moving.

The specimen's pacification cycle ended with a satisfactory assessment of her telepathic signature. The first stage was complete. Stimulation procedures were reduced to allow for the next stage of refinement. Again carefully monitoring the specimen's levels of gratification and distress, the second stage apparatus was engaged. This is the first instance of less graceful methods. While we could unendingly stimulate her nerves with electrical and synaptic impulses and simulate an endless variety of sensations, none of these impulses can replicate the actual physical stresses on the female anatomy caused by real mating, creating the need for physical components.

Something touched me. Intimately. I jumped.

This equipment's two appendages loosely mimic the shape and texture of the reproductive organ of a human mate, but contoured and textured specifically to the needs of the specimen. The larger of the two was curved toward the front wall of her birth canal, a specific nerve cluster in particular, common to all females of the species but varying in effectiveness. Highly effective, in this case, and the device curved to meet it with soft, pliant bristles. The second was much smaller, designed to be introduced to her rectum. It was about the thickness of one of her own digits, and its circumference was covered in short bristles.

It tickled. I moaned and bit my lip.

Proper anal lubrication was mixed and applied to the smaller appendage, a small amount of solution coated the larger but very little was needed, and we initiated controlled insertion.

They were wet like they were part liquid, like a thick gelatin or a squid. I started struggling again. They went in easily and slowly. I think I started babbling.

Initial penetration always yields high outputs of both pleasure and anxiety, and is therefore prolonged as much as possible, and repeated several times throughout the procedure. In this case, the specimen, as most do, vocalized feverishly. While our understanding of the nuances of their myriad languages is vague at best, we did determine that they were mostly incoherent. Insertion must be carefully controlled as the specimen's heightened sensitivity makes it difficult to avoid climaxing.

Then they just stopped. I protested some more. I was held too well to fuck them myself, but I did try.

Upon full insertion the position is held for roughly 40 time units before the next phase, which simulated the natural movement of mating at a very controlled pace. Variation in depth and speed are key, as well as random stops of different durations throughout. This phase takes place over the course of another three of the specimen's standard activity cycles, but with active sessions only extending over half this. These sessions must be interspersed with periods of rest to prevent excess physical strain. These specimen typically spends these periods in dormancy.

They were rubbing my G-spot this time, and invading my ass. They were teasing me again, running fleshy nubs inside me, never letting me cum. The one in my ass could work faster than the one torturing my pussy, but not much faster, by then I think it could have finished me by itself and I would have squirted everywhere. I think this went on for about three more days. They stimulated me until I passed out. They started again immediately when I woke up. I was sore. But not as much as I should have been. My mind was completely gone.

These were encouraging results, and she was resonating quite clearly. She had equalized and we had achieved alignment. Thus began the next phase, one that required the subject's participation, physical alignment, beginning with the awakening from her next dormancy cycle.

I woke up in a sitting position, still half out of my mind, and unable to close my mouth. I was wearing what I think is called a "spider gag." I couldn't tell you how but It looked like I'd been built into some kind of chair with my hands behind me. My feet weren't touching the ground. I couldn't see the ground. I couldn't see what I was sitting on either but it was penetrating me in both holes. It wasn't vibrating or moving, but somehow I was feeling pleasure, like an orgasm that continues long after your partner lets go, except they still weren't letting me orgasm, or letting me go, teasing whining noises out of me before I even knew it. And in front of me, was a penis. It was built into the blue alloy of the machinery, but I swear to god it looked for all the world like a penis. Veins, coloration, even a pair of testicles at the base, it must have been eleven inches long, pointed at and placed within easy reach of my face.

After this kind of conditioning, the subject needs to be re-introduced to actual sex organs, and the process must be done slowly so as not to lose mental alignment. The one used in this exercise is a genuine article, cloned from several samples of processed specimens. Humans are one of several species that engage in some manner of oral sex, some with a fixation on it, including this one. The organ built into the machine dispenses different fluids in addition to a simulated ejaculate, and its pleasure receptors are connected to the subject's own via the nerve stimulators in the apparatus. These replace physical action, as it is no longer needed and the subject usually requires time to recover. The subject's pleasure level was elevated only to 60% before responding favorably.

It was warm and felt real in my mouth too. My pussy started throbbing as the machine beamed pleasure into my clit. I didn't need any more encouragement. After six days of not being able to cum, I was ravenous to suck dick. I squealed ravenously as I slid my mouth over it, and then I moaned some more as the machine pleasured me more. It was like the machine was rewarding me, almost like I could feel the blowjob through my pussy. No wonder guys always wanted me to do it. And on top of that, when I put my mouth on it, my tongue tasted a tiny dollup of sweet and sour liquid leaking out of the tip. I was immediately hungry for more of it. I slid it deeper and was rewarded/punished with more intense pleasure, making me shiver. I also got another squirt of that thick juice. Maybe if I got the machine off, I would too...

The specimen is rewarded with both pleasure receptor stimulation and dispensation of a nourishing and addictive substance, increased exponentially based on depth of penetration. This training is to override a reflex associated with the back of the throat.

God, the deeper I got it in, the better it felt, and the more of that intoxicating stuff I got, and soon I was on the edge of what I could tolerate, but I was so close, I just had to put it in deeper, and at that point I gagged.

The substance dispensed suppresses nausea and its related impulses, but the reflex is expected to engage from time to time. The program is calibrated to bring the specimen closest to climax when accepting the full length of the organ, and only on the downstroke.

I pleaded with my mouth for the machine to make me cum, swallowing the cock deeper and deeper until I literally cured my own gag reflex. I think it took half a day.

This process is allowed to continue for another waking cycle. The specimen's sensations correlate to its performance on the replica, providing better gratification for better technique, which is important in later stages when such familiarity becomes necessary.

The machine teased and pleasured me very specifically depending on what I did, and soon I could tell just why men liked blowjobs so much, and I found myself getting very good at them. It was a distraction from just how horny I was, and a good one, I could almost feel it from the organ's perspective too. Which would become important later...

After equalizing the subject, reconnecting its impulses to real elements becomes important. Rather than sustaining a specimen indefinitely on raw energy, the fellating exercise becomes their primary mode of feeding. After performing satisfactorily and curing defensive reflexes, the first feeding was administered.

I felt a warmth wash over me that made me shiver as the machine brought me closer than ever, and realized I'd reflexively started swallowing cum. I don't know why I wasn't hungrier, I don't remember being fed, but it satisfied a craving I wasn't aware of up until then. I found I enjoyed sucking the head and coaxing the stuff out with my tongue so I could taste it. I think the stuff also put me to sleep, but I don't remember exactly...

The sedatives and hallucinogens in the fluid induce hibernation for roughly five cycles, allowing the specimen to rest for the following phase, which is much more demanding. We had high hopes for the specimen in question, but this creature would exceed even our expectations, and as she was dormant, we began cloning a pacifier garden specifically for her...