 This is a serial story which will at times contain sex. This chapter contains sex.

*****

He removed his clothes. The shower curtain opened and Damon said, "Hi. Mind if I join you? I may have some bath water to drink."

Mara smiled and pulled him into an embrace.

"I don't deserve you," Damon said.

"I know," Mara said, "now start lapping up some bath water."

Damon gave her a dubious look.

"If you want, you can catch it as it runs down me," Mara said with a smile.

Damon leaned in and tenderly brushed his lips over hers, catching water as it ran down between them. As he went lower, Damon flicked his tongue, grazing Mara's chin and rinsing his mouth with more water as it fell from her face. Mara tilted her head to one side, inviting Damon to attack her neck and ear with his swordlike tongue. Reaching around her, Damon found the soap, lathering his hands then grasping a female ass cheek in either hand and squeezing the firm flesh.

Damon bent and teased her nipples with his lips and tongue, again catching plenty of water in the process. His hands were soapily sliding all over her ass and more and more he was delving into the crack splitting the two halves. Giving in to his lust, Damon greedily suckled her breast then wanted to engulf the entire breast with his mouth to show his appreciation to the idol of femininity but sadly failed. Letting it escape his mouth, he attacked its twin with gusto, making the already erect nipple get rock hard. Mara pressed into Damon causing him to consider if she was really enjoying the attention he was giving her breast or also trying to escape his hands exploring her back side.

Deciding to leave her wanting continued attention to her breasts, Damon dropped lower, licking down her stomach, stopping to explore her belly button and its piercing. Meanwhile, he had needed to lather his hands again shifted them around so one could explore her nether region from the back while the other came in from the front. Mara widened her stance to give him entry and reached out to the shower walls for balance and support. Recalling how her anal probe surprised him not too long ago, Damon wondered if it was an invitation for more anal play or just plain kink.

Damon's left hand followed the crack of her ass to her anus, then let his soapy fingers slide around the sensitive hole. His other hand was stroking almost to her anus then forward to well past her clitoris, but homing in nearer and nearer to her clit on that end of the traverse. Damon moved around to get a better look up between her legs and watched as he pressed one finger into her rectum. His other hand started pressing gently into her vagina as it continued its slow, steady strokes. Mara let out a little sigh as his digit entered her. He worked it around, gently exploring the muscled ring at this entrance to her body, glad she had never insisted it was exit only. He pulled out the finger then pressed it back against the flower shaped opening and it slipped in a bit easier. Moving around a bit, Damon gently kissed Mara's clit, reinforcing the anal incursion with some positive reinforcement. His finger probed deeper into her this time, then began slowly frigging in and out. Mara started moving her ass back onto his hand as he went deeper, her hips slowly gyrating with a will of their own. Damon removed the finger and inserted two fresh ones still filmed with soap. Her ass accepted the newcomers, barely noticing the extra girth and quickly expanding to accommodate them.

Damon began nibbling, licking and kissing Mara's inner thighs as his hands worked both her most intimate holes. Mara hooked a leg over Damon's head, letting it come to rest over his shoulder and onto his back, offering more room for him to maneuver between her legs. As he removed his hands from her flesh, Mara sighed in discontent. Damon lathered his hands again and returned to playing with her orifices. One hand was now concentrating on bearing down on the hood covering her clitoris, rubbing it in a circular motion. The other attacked her ass again, dipping first two, then three fingers into it.

"Mmmmmm, yes, honey," Mara cooed, "that feels so good," and she started moving around on his hands, her hips still moving with a mind of their own.

Damon exited her ass and ran a soapy palm over the area then rinsed it. He considered taking the bar of soap and working it in and out of her ass, but abandoned the idea with the fearful thought what if it slips out of my grasp and I lose it inside her? He abandoned the idea, deciding to quit thinking too much and get more into the opportunity before him. Taking a long swipe of his tongue starting at the perineum and ending at the cleft of her ass, Damon ran his tongue over her anus along the way, eliciting a squeal from Mara. She shifted a bit and then cupped a hand at her bottom, guiding a flow of water over the region Damon had just traversed. Not really noticing a foul taste, Damon homed in on the budding rose of her anus.

"Aaaahh, God, Damon. Are you really doing that?" Mara asked, the sounds escaping from her and her bodies reaction to the sensation indicating she didn't want him to stop.

He replied by circling the bud with his tongue and poking at it with the tip. Her rectum opened up to him, seeming to want to suck his tongue inside. Tentatively Damon explored the inner rim with his tongue, hearing Mara gasp and slam her hand against the wall. Encouraged by the reactions he was producing in her and still not encountering anything too foul, Damon pressed on. Soon he had the entire area covered by his wide open mouth, his tongue fucking into her hole as deeply as it could reach, then withdrawing and running over the perineum and back to circling her anus before delving back inside to probe in and out.

Startlingly, Mara moved to get both feet on the floor and said, "Enough of this," as she turned to Damon and kissed him, sucking his tongue into her mouth. Damon felt her hands on his dick giving it a few quick strokes with lathered hands. Turning her back to Damon, she bent over and spread her well toned cheeks, saying, "Take my ass."

Damon complied. He moved into position and pressed the tip of his penis to her anus. Mara gradually opened up before him. Patiently, Damon waited for her to accept his intruder thinking it's taking a lot longer than when my tongue was there. Suddenly resistance disappeared and Damon slid into her. "Are you ok?" He asked.

"Yes, thanks for being patient. Now fuck this ass like its the only time you're ever going to get it."

What the hell does that mean? Damon wondered. Should I fuck like I really love it and appreciate it and need to explore every nook and cranny, or should I hit it like I'm angry, I'll never get it again and want her to remember this fucking every time she sits down until the end of time? Damon decided on the latter, hoping if she meant the former sentiment, she might mistake his actions for it anyway. He thrust forward fast, grabbing her by her hips to keep from knocking her down as he slammed home to the hilt. Then he was pounding into her, the slapping sound of his flesh meeting her ass competing to be heard over the wails coming from Mara's mouth.

When Mara moved her hands in front of her to the tiled enclosure to steady herself, Damon took the opportunity to reach around and work her clit. He used his other hand to cup her breast, squeezing the nipple between thumb and forefinger. Mara was moving back into him to meet his thrusts as Damon continued to pound into her. He could feel her other breast graze his fingers at it moved in circles caused by the impetus of his thrusts. Abandoning her clit, Damon moved his hand to grasp the swinging boob and gave both a good squeeze. Damon sadistically abused her nipples, pinching them, twisting them, using them to pull the rest of her tit this way and that, in circles or just seeing the extent they could be stretched away from her chest. Mara just moaned, "Oh yes," repeatedly.

As Damon felt his orgasm approach he pulled out of her ass and roughly repositioned Mara's laggard body by one breast tip and dropping the other nipple and grabbing a handful of hair. He forced Mara to her knees before him, but before he could force open her mouth, Mara sensed the throbbing flesh and wrapped her lips around it. With a hand in her hair and the other grasping for purchase on an ear, Damon held her head, thrusting rapidly, fucking her mouth and throat. Mara wasn't content to be used as just another passive hole and greedily sucked on his cock, tonguing it desperately as it sped in and out of her. Recalling his last orgasm, and how he had built to this one, Mara felt no guilt as she plunged one, then two fingers into Damon's anus and massaged his prostate through the intervening flesh.

As she was working to insert a third, Damon shot his load, wrapping his hands in fistfuls of hair to steady himself and to keep the mouth that was giving him pleasure fastened to his dick. The more forcefully he thrust into her to punctuate each burst of ejaculate, the more she abused his anus. He pulled her off his dick in the hope she would likewise abandon his ass or at least give him the chance to dodge the intrusion of a third digit. Mara just moved, mouth wide open, to catch his cock again. Damon's cock was super sensitive during his orgasm and apparently disengaging was not an option. Exposing his glans to Mara's tonguing was proving to be uncomfortable, so he thrust as far into her oral cavity as possible and let her tongue the shaft. His orgasm subsiding and balance returning, Damon was able to hold Mara deeply on his cock with one hand in her hair and untangled his other hand from her hair and grabbed the wrist with the intruding digits and pulled them from his ass.

Not wanting Mara to use her other hand to try to invade his rectum, Damon slowly pulled her off his cock and tilted her head up, meeting her by bending over and kissing her forehead. Damon helped Mara to her feet and she gently kissed him with Damon thankful she hadn't decided to do some cum swapping. They quickly did some touch-ups to their showering, Mara chiding Damon he was going to make her late. So Damon left her to her own rituals, quickly toweling dry and leaving the bathroom, wondering even more, what was up with all the anal play?