 There's a generation coming up now, many of whom have been saying that the Experimenter -- also called 15226 -- is a figurative thing, not to be understood as a real being, and was more likely just an institution from the old-world governments using smoke and mirrors to pawn itself off to me as some kind of cosmic entity. They say that would make me less likely to go asking questions and really look into the why and how of my DNA being completely rewritten.

They've got this whole thing explained down to a tee; I'm actually impressed at the level of detail that Sana and them have put into it. We had a saying in the old world, though... truth is always stranger than fiction. I will insist to the day I die that the Cosmic Experimenter was real, and it was she who not only made me into the first of us, but literally wrote our species' DNA herself after centuries of painstaking and outlandish research.

Whether anyone believes me now, isn't really of that much - if any - consequence. You're all, of course, free to make up your own minds. She left a long time ago, and isn't coming back. Creating me, and getting the Vault ready, were the last things she did before she took off to save the next species from itself.

Mind that when I say 'she', that's because she picked a female form for that body... but given what she said, I think she also thought of herself as female -- but a female of whatever species she was before she got turned into a thinking spaceship... thing. I probably didn't impress her very much when we first met; I emerged from the bathroom holding a measuring tape to my oversized hard-on, grinning like an idiot, waddling out with my pants around my knees.

Already I was thinking back to my experience with Bethany. My erection was practically ready to explode again. I looked up, and over to my computer -- I guess I was thinking of looking up some porn, hell if I remember -- and there she was.

She wore a skin-tight black jumpsuit, it looked like it was made of plastic or some special polymer. It was essentially painted on, in any case... it hugged those perfect curves tightly. There was a silvery patterning on it, though I never found out if it had any significance. The outfit seemed to be more for protection or functionality than for decency or decoration... it didn't conceal her nipples at all, and even her cameltoe was plainly visible.

It didn't even have shoes as such, more of a thicker layer of the fabric just under her feet; the outfit even fit perfectly around her toes, as if she was barefoot. It stopped at her neck, where her gorgeous face with shiny black hair and thin red lips were on display. Her features were delicate, and despite actually being a goddamn spaceship, she actually came off as quite human. I remember that about her most, I think.

"Merry Christmas." She said it without any preamble, or much emotion at all -- she said it as if it was the answer to an unasked question.

I should have pulled my pants up, indecent exposure and all that, but instead they fell right down to the floor as I also dropped the tape. I was like a deer in the headlights for a moment -- ah shit, none of you will know that metaphor. I was just completely stunned. A few seconds later, I was stammering apologies and picking my jeans up.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! John didn't tell me you would be here! Um, sorry we met like that -- I'm Ben, John's roommate, and you must be Tammy..." John had mentioned a new girlfriend. I'd assumed this was she. Not a bad assumption under the circumstances, really, though the crazy outfit didn't really fit in with the hypothesis.

"I am not Tammy. Sit down, Benedict."

Only my mother called me Benedict, and I think she did it to piss me off. I had barely visited the mental ward she lived in. I hoped around then that she got help from someone, but it wouldn't be me. I tried too many times.

"Um -- you're not Tammy? Who are you?"

"I'm the reason for your need of a measuring tape." She tilted her head at me, with a crooked smile. It was like I was a kid who'd been caught looking at a dirty magazine. I belatedly thought to pull my pants up.

"I'm sorry?" I choked it out after a few moments of fumbling to make myself decent again.

"Your penile endowment being increased -- congratulations, I guess, not sure what you would say around here -- ah, is one of an enormous number of changes I made to your DNA over the last 24 hours with a retrovirus tailored specifically to you."

I raised an eyebrow. "Did, uh, someone from the hospital tell you something?"

"Hospital?" She looked away for a moment, and seemed to be thinking. "You were checked in last night, 09:08pm local. Good... okay, their tests didn't find anything immediately dangerous." She looked directly into my eyes. "Avoid medical facilities from now on, unless it's a life-threatening emergency. Use an independent doctor you trust. Understand?"

I shook my head. "Uh, I understand I don't know who the hell you are and what you're doing here if you're not John's new girl." I was feeling a little macho that day and didn't want to be ordered around.

"Suit yourself. I engineered the retrovirus that is turning you into a whole new kind of human being as we speak. I've been preparing my experimentation facility to function as a repository for the collected knowledge of the human race, as well as you and all the other new humans that you will be helping create. I did all this to make sure the human race lives on, in a form that won't need babysitting to ensure it doesn't obliterate itself."

I looked up at her. Okay, the suit fabric I had to give her; I'd never seen anything like it. But they came up with new stuff all the time. It was just a skin-tight bodysuit, with a good-looking but apparently insane girl inside it. Even with the suit, and her knowing about my, uh, condition, it was too much to believe. I was hoping to shed some light on this, not to get a National Enquirer update. "Listen, if you need to get somewhere, I can't give you a ride. I'm on these painkillers and they told me not to drive. If you know something useful, say it and get out of here."

She frowned. "You're being difficult, Benedict. I don't have much time left on this planet. I need you to listen."

I didn't want to hear any more at this point. "I think I've listened to about as much as I need to."

She sighed. "Fine. You were going to make yourself ejaculate, correct?" She slid a finger down the front of her suit. It split open on an invisible seam, and she was completely naked underneath. My jaw dropped. Her figure was flawless; she looked no older than me, perfect apple breasts, a bubble ass, and an hourglass waistline. She was toned, fit, and had the smoothest pale skin you could imagine.

God damn, she was gorgeous, and she just stripped in front of me like she was taking off a jacket. She snapped her fingers near her head, drawing my stare up to those all-knowing eyes. Our gazes met for a second until she spoke. "Will you listen to me if I let you use my body freely?"

What the fuck kind of day is today? I wondered. My cock was already threatening to rip open my pants. Anxiety warred with desire all over again -- now this time, this girl was a total stranger who had apparently broken into my place, and on top of that she may be delusional and in need of some anti-psychotics. On the other hand, virtually none of today's facts added up if I assumed any conventional explanation that I could think up... which only left the unconventional. I can't believe I'm even thinking this. Is she right?

"Gladly." I stood up and pulled her to me. 

She turned her head to the door, then back to me. "Are you expecting this roommate you mentioned to return soon?"

"John? Guy is like a ninja. I never know when to expect him, or even when he's already here sometimes."

She gave a tiny frown, then suddenly grabbed my hand and led me into my bedroom and closed the door. "If he returns, pretend I'm a new girlfriend. I'll play along." She pulled me over to my bed, once again taking the lead, and pushed me onto it. She straddled me, and I noted with interest that her pussy was completely bald. Not even stubble on it, either she'd had it electrically removed, or she was one of those rare people who never had any to begin with. It looked so smooth... I wanted to touch it.

My cock finally sprung out of the waistband of my underwear and peeked out from under the hem of my shirt. The woman opened my fly unceremoniously, pulled my pants down to below my ass, and leaned over me with one arm. Before I could say anything, or even think, the tip of my cock was pressing against her pink lower lips, and I found myself gasping as I slid inside her.

Kathleen had never wanted to really have sex with me; we did some petting and those few experimental blowjobs, but she'd once confessed to me after our second attempt that she couldn't even fit the smallest dildos inside herself. Her gyno had explained it to her, and said it was fixable with an outpatient procedure... but she'd been too scared to go through with it, and got virtually nothing out of sex anyway, she said. She basically did it because she thought guys just wanted it.

The only pussy I'd been inside was the seven or eight times I'd made it with Raelynn back in high school... and she was sort of the community bicycle between all of the nerds. The only thing she liked more than having sex with nerds was playing Dungeons & Dragons with nerds. Neither prepared me for the tight heat and soft wetness of this woman's inner walls. My newly expanded pole fit inside her with perfect tightness. She let out a long breath too, and let my dick slide further and further inside, until I felt her wet outer lips kissing the base of my dick.

I wanted to just lie there all day. Even my huge pole had bottomed out inside this woman, and I didn't know her name -- except as 'Cosmic Experimenter', but what the hell kind of name was that? She said she was an avatar of this Experimenter thing, but maybe she had a separate name of her own. My mind was torn away from the sidetrack as my torso shifted slightly, letting me feel her all over again.

"There... you won't go far now, will you?" She was looking down at me, focused, but I could tell she was affected by my dick being inside her. She might have done this just to keep me from throwing her out, but she was enjoying it too.

"Um... not for a while... you're so tight."

"I thought I might have to go this far to get your attention, so I adjusted my dimensions just for you." It went right through my head at the time. She sighed. "I guess I'm at least somewhat at fault. I fine-tuned your sexual desires myself thinking it would help you surpass your inhibitions, but I might have erred on the side of too much. It's not at all surprising you'd be thinking with your dick when I arrived."

"Wha... I'm sorry?" With the sensations assaulting my mind like that, trying to assemble complex meanings in my head right then just resulted in a jumble of nonsense. "Wait, go back. You can... adjust yourself?"

She shrugged, still laying out on her back as I fucked her. "This body is mostly biogel. It'll return to my hull once I don't need an avatar on your planet again. For now, just fuck me, and try to absorb what I say. You don't have to think about it right now, go ahead and just fuck away. Just try to let what I say stick in some corner of your head so you can think it over later."

"Uhh, will do." I placed my hands on her bare hips and ass, feeling their taut roundness. Her skin was perfectly smooth. Her boobs gave this tiny little bounce whenever I let my hips move. Her hair reflected the light through the blinds so nicely... she was goddamn gorgeous. Unable to resist, I pumped my hips up and down a little, enjoying the sensation of my cock sliding in and out, and the outer folds of her pussy kissing the base of my penis over and over.

"Benedict, your DNA alterations are the result of two hundred and seventy-one years of experiments that test the long-term stability of the human race and its bio-psychology."

"I'm doing some bio-psychology right now." I grinned and took a heavy breast in one hand. Come to think of it, I probably didn't do a stand-up job of representing the male segment of the human race to her at that time. I hope history will forgive me.

"You're doing exactly that. Human psychology ties into human sexuality in so many ways that the problem seemed intractable at first." She bounced in return a little, letting her boobs jiggle. I reached up and took a nipple between my fingers. Her tits were so springy and large... she seemed to sense my intent, and suddenly bent herself down -- offering her red nipples right up to my mouth. I greedily sucked them.

"The human species in its current form is not stable in the long term. Evolution is very good at producing creatures that will survive in the wild, and one survival trait is intelligence -- but once those same intelligent species progress into a technological society, many of the evolutionary tools that got them there become a liability. This dichotomy has resulted in the end of countless sentient species.

"The Cosmic Experimenters -- of which I'm number 15226 -- wander this galactic supercluster, finding civilizations entering their technological ramp-up period, and try to observe their societies enough to grasp the fundamental problems that each species may face that could cause them to wipe themselves out. There's always something, usually a lot of things.

I let her nipple pop out of my mouth and she came back up over me. The words washed through my head, stored, but not really comprehended. I couldn't get enough of feeling up her ass, and she seemed to welcome my roaming hands and forgive my inexperienced touch; she might have even been trying to teach me.

God, I couldn't get enough of her body -- even though I knew she was telling me something all-important. I told myself at the time that I was just having sex with a crazy girl, like who knew how many men before me. Wish I'd thought it through more. Wish I'd thought a lot of things through more.

She took a deep breath, and traced a finger along my chest. "All told, since I got here, I've tried six hundred and fourteen experiments, but basically none of them worked. Compared to most species, I arrived on Earth very early; usually getting there that far ahead of time gives me plenty of time to save a species. With you, I think I only managed to crack it in the nick of time... and even then, I'm too late for all of the current humans."

I shrugged. She could keep droning on as much as she wanted; as long as she let me at that incredible body of hers, I was keen to let her keep talking forever. "Are we done now? Because I really just want to let this load loose in you."

"I told you to use my body. Use it."

I took her at her word. I grabbed her by the waist again and suddenly rolled us over, positioning her spread legs off the side of the bed and letting myself stand at its edge. Tightening my grip on her ass, I abruptly started fucking her as hard as I could. I had to slide my arms under her back and grab her by the shoulders to hold her still while my hips fucked away, almost beyond my control now as I reveled in the tight wetness inside her. I bent down and suckled at her breasts more, then leaned up to kiss her.

As I did, I looked into her eyes... it was still one of the most surreal experiences of my life. No other woman has had eyes like that while I made love to them. She was looking at me... it was something in between the way a mother sees her prodigal child, and the way a scientist sees their life's work. She looked... proud of me, as I grunted and rutted hard, pistoning my cock in and out of her like an engine. Looking back, I should have tried harder to make her come. All I could think about then was that amazing pussy...

With two shouts, I felt the boiling in my balls start all over again. Belatedly, I slid a hand down to her clit, but it was too late for us to come together. My own cock was past the point of no return, and I lost the train of thought as it blasted out the first load of my orgasm. I let my head fall down next to hers, and felt her legs curl around my back, and one hand slid up and down my shoulder blade as I finished pumping, and let my cock spurt the remainder of its product deep inside her.

We remained like that for probably ten minutes, maybe even longer. My mind was racing the whole time, but I probably just looked like I was catching my breath. She continued to slide her hand up and down my back, an oddly loving gesture from her. I never really figured my relationship with her out; there was no word for it, then or now. I suppose it's too much to expect -- she was, after all, not human. She was only comprehensible to me at all because she went out of her way to make a part of herself think and act, well, mostly human.

Still, I've always felt we connected in some way... even if I would always only be a tiny speck of an existence compared to her age, wisdom, and most of all, power. Creating me was her achievement of this millennia, but she'd had many, many more before that, and there would be more in the coming ages, peoples you and I will never live to see.

The beginnings and endings she must have seen... if there's any wish I have before I finally check out, it would be to just sit down with her for one night, and just talk with her, face to face, knowing everything I do now and without my adolescent libido to distract us. Hers was a life I only wish I could understand.

"Are you for real?" I finally spoke up, and let myself fall to her side. I'd been resting, supporting myself on all fours on top of her. My cock was still inside her; I guess some dumb part of me thought that once I pulled out, I would never experience anything so good ever again. There wasn't anything quite like that ever again, sure, but there were other things to come that were better in other ways.

"I thought you would ask. I'll show you. Hold still." Her legs suddenly pulled together over my ass, pulling me closer to her. "Hold onto me tighter. We need to be as physically close together as possible."

"Um, okay." I thought maybe she just had some kind of snuggling fetish. I had no objection to closeness to her nude body, so I did it. She rested her head on my shoulder, so I never saw her expression -- only the odd shift in perspective of the room. It was like I was suddenly viewing the world through a glass marble. Everything bent, shifted upside-down, and then there was a sudden sense of weightlessness.

I instinctively gripped her even more tightly, hard enough that had she been a normal woman I might have hurt her. She didn't respond, and suddenly it all happened in reverse -- though we were in a different room now. Apparently she was just a tiny bit off, and we missed the bed by a few feet. We fell onto the floor with an unceremonious thud, and I felt several sharp pains as I fell upon several choice sections of my body. I ended up bruising my ass, upper back, and elbow.

It took a moment for me to extricate myself from her, and get up to look around. "What the hell just happened!"

"Help me up." She held out an arm to me as I rose up. With a start, I realized I was completely naked now, just as she was. Wherever she'd taken us, my clothes didn't come along for the ride. The room was unadorned, and actually quite boring; it was bare rock on the walls, and a plain white single bed in its center. On one side was a massive door, like a bulkhead. She took a moment to get her bearings; she seemed very dizzy. I held her for a few moments until she was good enough to walk on her own.

There was a black knob on one wall, just sticking out attached to only the stone... I thought it was maybe a switch. She walked over and put a hand on it, and this black fluid shot out in countless zipping tendrils, enveloping her. In an instant it had covered her, and congealed then solidified into another outfit like she'd had in my apartment. Watching her use it felt for an instant like watching a giant spider or centipede attack her. My heart skipped for a half-second. Hell of a way to get dressed. She gestured to the knob, clearly expecting me to do the same thing.
