 "This is the most exciting vacation I've ever been on, I'll tell you that."

Bethany glared at me over her shoulder, then rolled her eyes as she turned back toward the shelf and continued to read the label on whatever it was. I had to admit -- still do -- that she looks pretty cute all bundled up.

Her big puffy white jacket hid half of her body, including her round and perky tits, but her legs and ass were hugged tightly by the jeans and the long underwear I knew she had on beneath. She didn't care if I was staring at her ass, I knew -- she loved the constant reminders of how sexy she was -- but some old, deeply ingrained reflex forced me to only try it as she was looking away.

I was leaning bodily on the handle of the shopping cart, trailing behind her a few feet in the cramped mountain grocery store. The long fluorescent lights were the only illumination -- it was well after dark, and Bethany had dragged me out to haul groceries for her as we went food shopping for the whole trip. It was the first night of our ski vacation in Tahoe, the fifth of its kind; we made a lot more ski trips, actually, but we only went to Tahoe once a year.

There was a house we rented up that way every time, and we typically stayed for a few weeks. Of course, it being a ski vacation, it was the dead of winter, and it had just snowed pretty heavily the night before; the whole place was quite chilly and covered in a thick layer of pristine snow. I was already anxious to get out on the slopes -- the only thing holding me back was how anxious I was to enjoy another little tradition... to start things off, on the first night, all of us would strip naked, get in the hot tub, and let things proceed from there.

I probably looked pretty silly. It would at least a decade before I was truly comfortable in my own shoes as a hominus male. I wasn't even physically mature yet; I was about six and a half feet tall at that point in time -- go convert it to metric yourself, I'm done with that -- and about two hundred pounds. I towered over Bethany's five feet and two inches, and she looked several years younger than me -- but she was the one closely inspecting everything, reading the label in detail, and either putting it back or dropping it into the increasingly heavy shopping cart.

The store was fairly crowded -- high season had just started -- with people from all over the place, but mostly white and Asian folks. Bethany, whose ancestry was primarily Hispanic, and myself, well, you know about the mongrel I am, and in a place like Tahoe, for reasons which I don't really want to get into the long version of... we both kind of stood out in that day and age.

Bethany had appointed herself Chief Nutritionist of our little family ever since our trip back from the Vault. She'd spent basically the whole time there studying 15226's notes, and she was convinced that she was on the verge of unlocking some kind of special, dormant abilities that the Experimenter had imbued us with, if only she could find the right amino acids or something. The ritual was simple - she picked out everything while showing off that perfect ass, I paid for everything while continuing to stare at said ass, and I usually ended up cooking all of our food too... sometimes also while staring at aforementioned ass.

About an hour and a half of Bethany's ass later, I pushed the full-up cart up to the register and paid for the whole thing. I wheeled it all out while Bethany pulled around our big SUV we'd rented -- I could never fit comfortably in anything else anymore. I got back in to drive, and she hopped herself up into the shotgun seat and off we went.

I had to be careful, of course -- the roads were icy and it was really dark out -- but I was fairly good at it by that point. Bethany took off her jacket, revealing the dark red turtleneck sweater she had on beneath, which hugged her tits as nicely as the jeans swept around her ass. She noticed me checking her out, and smiled. One finger stretched out, and ran up and down my arm.

"Mmmmmm.... What do you want to eat first tonight? The steak? The salmon?" She bit her lip, wiggling an eyebrow.

"I'm not really starving yet... what do you think Em and Nina are up to?"

"Oh, I think there's something they're eating already." Bethany licked her lips.

"Good, we should join them then, and sample whatever dish that is." I smiled.

She fidgeted in her seat. "Don't get me too hot, it's probably not good for me to distract you too much by masturbating in the shotgun seat and all."

I snorted. We made some small talk the rest of the way back. We found the driveway easily enough even in the dark. Our place was a two-story ski lodge, in its own sizable chunk of land in the high forest. The tall, dark trees towered above the house, but in the dark they were just looming vertical shadows in all directions.

The thick snow formed a ghostly layer surrounding the house, though tinted slightly orange by the lights coming out of the house windows inside -- by the way it was flickering, I was guessing Emily or Nina had started up the fireplace.

What we liked most about the place was that it was so private; that didn't come cheap in a place like Tahoe, but it was worth it. There was no need for the neighbors to get a good view of all the group sex going on next door. The house had a porte-cochere off to one side, with a few other cars under it -- probably Nina's and Emily's rentals, I figured. I pulled up under it as well, cutting off the engine and getting out, then opening the trunk.

Despite the girls being physically stronger than me up until about a year before that point, it seemed to be assumed that I would do all physical labor regardless. Bethany got out and went inside, and I heard some squealing as the three girls were reunited. We'd been separated for a couple weeks -- Emily had been up in New York again for some case, Nina had been in Nicaragua for some reason I can't remember, and Bethany and I had remained at home. We'd agreed to meet up here. I put a few things in the aging freezer chest near the door, then slung the remaining load under one arm and walked up the creaking steps to the side door and barged in.

"Ben!" It was Nina, separating herself from the three-way hug that the others had going. Bethany and my sister then shared a deep kiss. "Put that stuff down, get it later. I've missed you..." Nina, her blonde hair swinging freely behind her, her clear blue eyes fixed on me, was wearing a long brown skirt and a heavy cream-colored cashmere pullover, with no shoes over her wildly painted toenails.

Suddenly, she hopped up, hugging me bodily and suspending herself as she wrapped her legs tight around my torso -- her head suddenly leveled with mine. I staggered, and dropped a bag of groceries as I struggled to find my balance, then Nina's lips were on mine and I found myself instantly returning her affection.

I let the other bag down and let my arms wrap around her, sliding one under her ass and keeping this wonderful creature so tight to my body. The kiss was passionate, but quick, as Nina's often were; she pulled back, then turned to the other girls. "All right, Ben's here, turn the heater off and let's all just squeeze up against him until it's time to go."

Emily snorted. Bethany let her go and she walked up to my side, and I bent my knees to kiss her -- which Nina awkwardly joined in on. My sister had on a black pantsuit with a smart little jacket above, and a frilly-necked red blouse beneath that gave what unique hint of cleavage those perfect small tits of hers could show. She'd let her long chestnut-brown hair down and apparently had tossed her shoes off sometime earlier.

"Hmm... so glad you could join us..." She kissed us both again. "What took you so long?"

"Flight delay." Bethany said it before I could. "We would have been here last night to welcome you two, but our connection in Salt Lake got stuck there for a day when the whole place froze over. We holed up in this nice hotel room and basically just fucked the whole time until they could get the runway clear. My hips still hurt." One hand went to her waist, cupping her ass-cheek as she sighed. "It'll be at least half a day before I can think about taking a dick again, so he's all yours, you two."

Emily made a tired sigh; despite our lifestyle, she had never really adopted Bethany and Nina's casual, almost crude approach to sex. She might easily get as into it as the rest of us, but when we weren't naked, she was as refined and elegant as always. I finally managed to get Nina off me long enough to get the rest of the groceries inside. Once that was done, of course, the first thing to be unpacked was the booze. Nina always did the mixing, and knew everyone's favorites well.

Ten minutes later, I was sipping a Jack and Coke, and we all fell down together onto the couches, Emily spooning against me as I stroked her hair. I looked around; the house was as nice as always, the wood paneling on the walls had a heavy and aging appeal to it. There were some skiing-themed decorations, and the furniture was all that two-tone wooden mountain-themed stuff; it looked heavy enough to make me break a sweat if I tried to move anything.

The couches were massive, thickly padded things, with throw blankets strewn all around. Between the decor, the relatively small size of the place, and the warm-looking sexy girls present... the place looked more than cozy. They must have already gotten the fireplace going earlier, too. I looked over at Nina, who was splayed out wide. "When did you two get in?"

"Only about ten minutes apart. I got here first, and had barely gotten in the door when Emily showed up right behind me. God, it feels like it's been forever!" She took a swig of her Sweetwater.

"It was only three weeks for me, but..." Emily sighed, shrugged, and turned her head to look back at me. "Yeah, it did seem like longer. It's funny, I think you were right about that proximity thing, Bethy. When none of the others are around, I'm not as much of a sex fiend, but I just have this kind of vague mopey feeling all the time. It's tolerable, but it's never far away from what I'm thinking of at any given time."

"Yeah." Nina immediately sounded agreement. "We really don't know shit about ourselves, do we? I mean, it's been what, five years-"

I cleared my throat. "Six and a quarter." Nina had raised an eyebrow. "Six years and one hundred and fifteen days, all right? Yes, I keep track." I shrugged.

"It's been six years and a hundred fifteen days, thank you Ben. It's like -- well, here. The whole time I'm down in Caracas, I have my cell phone. While it was on the plane, I turned it off, then I turned it back on, right? I get some calls while I'm there in Venezuela. I answer them, do my thing, everything is normal, blah blah.

"Thing is, the day before I'm going to fly home -- I realize that I'd had both ringer and vibrate off the whole time, but somehow I answered it without having to look at the screen. I just knew it was ringing, even when I had it in my purse. Isn't that weird? Are we, like psychic, or something?"

"That happens to me too..." Emily sounded concerned. "I can tell whenever somebody turns a machine on or off. I can tell how hard their computer is working, even if I'm not looking at it. I only have to be nearby, like in the same room. And I can even tell when someone else's phone is about to ring, a half-second or so before it does. It's more than that too. Getting onto trains, standing next to junction or fuse boxes... all of them just feel... different." She frowned. "Seems odd that being psychic would only apply to machines. I've got nothing when it comes to lottery numbers or the news or whatever."

"Yeah..." Nina agreed. The three girls trailed off into silence for a time. Nina finished her drink. We all just laid there for a time, pondering things; Bethany went and got her laptop and began typing furiously, probably taking notes about what Emily and Nina had said just then.

"Bethy, do you have anything this time?"

She shrugged. "Nope. This 15226 chick seriously wasn't as thorough as Ben here made her out to be. I don't think she was much less in the dark than we are. I'm still just taking notes and hoping it all makes sense later."

Nina suddenly hopped up, stretching. "Well then! How about our little tradition?"

"That sounds good..." I nodded, snaking my arm a little tighter around my sister, my hand inching beneath her jacket to cup a small breast.

"Oh, all right." Emily shook her head and sat up. Nina and she held out both hands and pulled me up off the couch, and I suddenly grabbed both girls and pulled them close to me. They kissed each other for a while, and then roaming hands found seams and buttons, pieces of clothing being tossed away. Bethany kept tapping away at her keyboard, oblivious to the two girls stripping each other only a few feet away, as I went out to get the hot tub ready.

I pulled off the cover and turned the jets on, and then tested the water; it was already hot enough. As I stepped back inside, both girls were in only their panties, Nina's bigger, paler boobs pressing upon my sister's small dark ones. They were kissing again, open-mouthed, and Nina's hair was sweeping around Emily's shoulders as well as the two turned about.

I guided the two loving girls outside, and they squealed and shivered as the freezing mountain air hit them. They rushed and dunked their nude bodies in the hot tub, letting their heads pop back up out of the water as I closed the door. Their hot breath was visible in the air as the two shared another kiss, then looked at me.

Nina rose out of the tub, and placed one knee on the side of it as she reached out to strip me. I wasn't dressed half as heavily as the girls had been, just in a long-sleeved shirt and slacks, and I felt my belt and pants fall to the decking with a clank as Emily's sneaking hand undid the buckle. Nina pulled my shirt over my head, and kissed her way around my broad chest until she and Nina both had a hand on the hem of my underwear.

"You ready?" Nina looked at Emily. They both knew, and now loved, the effect my cock had on them -- once a woman saw it, it was virtually impossible for her not to touch, lick, and suck it, then open herself to it.

"I've been ready." They both tugged, and my boxers fell down under me, revealing my stiff eleven inches of meat. The rest of my skin had goosebumps in the cold, and my balls were tight up against my body - but with my mass, the cold didn't otherwise bother me much. The girls each held out one hand and guided me inside, even as their other hands reached for my prick.

There wouldn't be any fighting or competition; they lovingly shared me, as always, each of us wanting all of the others to come even more than we ourselves did. The bond of love between the four of us was well cemented even then; I could never have picked out which of the three I loved more than the others. These days, nobody can; only someone from the era we were born in would think of a question like that.

I sat on the edge of the tub, my legs in the hot water, as both girls -- submerged up to their shoulders -- pulled my cock down and began to play with it. Emily dunked her head even lower, coming up from beneath to lick the underside of my cock, while Nina took my tip into her mouth and cupped my balls with a free hand. I felt her shudder a little as my sister's wandering hand under the water found Nina's clit. I gasped at the long-awaited sensation of Nina's loving mouth on my pole, where we both thought it belonged.

She had never learned to deep-throat me as Bethany had, it only made her gag, but that never stopped her from always doing her best to give me a slow, sensuous blowjob. My hands naturally found her head and guided her deeper, until I knew I was at her limit -- maybe a third of the way down my pole. Her eyes met mine, willing me to what we both knew was next, and I began to slowly fuck her mouth, bobbing her head back and forth on my cock.

The frigid air on my skin combined with the heat of her lips and tongue on my sensitive cock, and the hot, steaming water below made every little sensation feel incredibly strong. I began to honestly worry if the sweat already covering my upper body would freeze in place, but I didn't want to move. Emily slid out from under Nina and myself and came up out of the water to kiss me, but it was seconds before I could feel her shivering. Her teeth chattered as we kissed. I bent forward, and quickly slid all three of us underwater, making both the girls squeal and laugh. There was a little splashing around, then both Nina and Emily seemed satisfied to dunk all but their heads underwater, to hide from the cold.

As I settled into one of the corners, stretching my arms out on either side, the both of them came up on either side of me. I was treated to a brief girl make-out session on my lap as their two tongues dueled -- then we were all interrupted as we heard the door opening. Bethany stepped out, wrapped in only a towel, with a smile on her face.

She padded quickly over toward the tub, and with a quick motion, tossed the towel over the railing and slid into the tub with us. She moved into the outstretched arms of Nina and my sister, and sat herself on my lap, making my whole corner of the tub quite crowded. She was up a bit higher out of the water, enough for her generous, shining-wet tits to be on display; I bent forward to suck on her nipples briefly before both Nina and Emily did the same.

Emily seemed to focus on Bethany more, making Dr. Lazar gasp as she wrapped her arms around Bethany's waist and pushed her into the far corner. Moving up slightly, and pulling Bethany downward, she finally had Bethany's back to the opposite wall and pressed their bodies together as the two made out. I once again reminded myself how glad I was that Bethany and my sister had so completely gotten over their bad first meeting; right now, I only saw two beauties, full of love and energy, doing their best to make each other come.

Nina, for her part, was straddling me, blocking my view of the other two. She seemed to belatedly notice, and shifted us both so that I could watch my sister and Bethany make love as she rubbed herself against my cock underwater. Having sex in the water was always a little more difficult, but more things were possible for us than for normal humans.

Nina hugged herself bodily to me, putting her head up next to mine and whispering something as she guided me into her. I groaned, savoring that lovely sensation of my cockhead meeting her pussy and stretching her wide as she was invaded.

"I missed you so fucking much..." I felt her arms come around behind my back, and her grip tighten -- almost enough for her nails to draw blood. She remained right there, just holding me, with my cock still hard inside her. She made a low purring sound for a time.

"I know... but not like I missed you." She came back up briefly, giving me a brief peck before hugging herself tight again. Still there after a while, she suddenly whispered again as I watched Bethany turn the tables on my sister, spinning her around to suckle at her tits. "Hey... have you thought about what I said?"

"I did." I sighed, steeling myself, hoping this wouldn't ruin the moment.

"And?" She bounced her hips a little, taunting me.

"I'm sorry, Nina... I'm not ready for more girls yet." She came up, her face unreadable for a few moments, which naturally made some part of me panic -- though not like I would have before. I scrambled to justify myself. "Nina -- every time I think of it, I think of how fucking lucky I am. I have you, I have Bethany, I have Emily... I couldn't have picked three better girls. There's no way my luck would hold out if I started back up again."

I ran my hands up and down her sides. "Thing is, I didn't really do the picking, when I think about it. Bethany was pretty much an accident, you sort of of fell into my lap, and Emily's my sister. If even one little thing had gone differently-"
