 HUMANITY 2.0

YEAR 009, DAY 014

There was something wicked-fun about having sex in the great outdoors – at least then, people didn't normally do that. I sat cross-legged, bare-chested and leaning back onto my spread palms, on the blanket Nina had set up on the secluded Venezuelan beach – staring at her as she slipped off first her tied-off shirt and then the athletic bra she had on underneath, then untying her long pants and letting them fall limply into the sand.

She gave me a show of tugging off her panties, then kicked them atop her jeans – not far from her discarded pack. She knew how much I liked to just stare at her body, and how much more I liked to touch it. Nina and I had only been reunited two days ago, after years apart with me shacking up next with Emily, then with Bethany – and now back to Nina. We'd decided to celebrate the occasion with a trip through one of her favorite places on Earth, mostly backpacking. It helped ease her conscience that the places we planned to go also happened to be very inaccessible and distant from civilization.

She turned her head, looking out onto the open sea, bringing one hand up over her shoulder and seemingly zoning out for a few moments – probably distracted by the waves crashing. It was a gorgeous sight – there were just enough rocks to make the place well-hidden, but still plenty of sand enough to make it a beach – and the sea sparkled bright blue in the noontime sun at the equator; the water was smattered with whitecaps, and I might have seen a dolphin's fin pop out once or twice. Really, though, most of my attention was on Nina.

I'd longed for her just as much as I longed for either of the other two when I was separated from them. Nina's wisdom and confidence was always comforting to me, not to mention her knockout blonde body.

I was tempted to beckon her over, but I sensed that wasn't what she wanted. I stood up, dusting off the little bits of sand that had accumulated on me, and stepped toward her. I came up behind, slowly, knowing she had heard me but still pretending. Bending down somewhat, I let my arms sweep around her sides and clasp in front of her, just underneath those round tits, and pulled her toward me – rocking slightly from side to side as I felt her warm skin caress mine.

She instantly melted, closing her eyes and running one hand up my chest, feeling blindly around until she reached my neck. She pulled downward, not enough to actually move me – but I complied, bending further down to let her lips meet mine. We kissed again and again, each time taking a little longer and getting more sensuous. At some point she turned around, and I felt her breasts pressing against my stomach.

I was taller now – since she and I had been separated, I'd gained another several inches of height – though I'd towered over her even before, and she was slightly taller than average for a Caucasian girl. I now stood at six feet and five inches. I'd filled out even more, thick muscles seeming to just naturally grow in, in far greater mass than could be accounted for by my workout routines and diet.

I wasn't quite mature yet, physically, but Bethany was guessing I was getting close. My cock had even gotten a bit larger, in proportion to my overall body at least – my wide pole now measuring just over nine inches long when hard, and its own weight kept it hanging fairly low even when stiff. Right now, still confined in my jeans, my rod was pressed against my thigh and leaking pre-come as I stared at Nina.

We'd barely kept our hands off each other enough to get this whole trip planned out and rolling. As soon as we were away from civilization, right now, she'd let one hand roam around enough to find the bulging prick under my pants – not a difficult task – and asked me to take her down to the beach and fuck her as hard as I could. She wanted to feel my new strength and proud cock firsthand again, and measure just how much I'd grown. I felt roaming feminine hands, now on the button of my jeans, and opened my eyes. She looked up at me as she got it unfastened, and began to unzip my fly, loosening my pants. She licked her lips.

"I'm gonna do the thing to myself, okay? Don't hold back one bit." I looked away briefly; lately, if I didn't get satisfaction often enough, the pheromones my body emitted became so strong they could overcome the girls' minds and shut off all conscious thought, turning them into a willing fuck-receptacle for me. At first I'd worried about it, but the girls seemed to think that it was actually great – they'd all told me they never felt better than after I'd fucked them utterly raw and blasted their minds with so much pleasure that, for a while, they couldn't even remember their own names.

Hardness flooded my prick for a second time. I was certainly willing to indulge Nina's request; we hadn't fucked since early into the previous evening, but that had just been a quick fuck with Bethany while Nina focused on our doctor too, knowing she probably wouldn't see her again for another few years. Nina and I hadn't touched one another save for kisses and caresses. I was more than ready. I let her fingers grip my belt loops and pull, standing at ease as my pants and boxers fell down and revealed my nine-inch tool.

Nina's eyes instantly were fastened to it, no longer even having the presence of mind to help me out of my pants. I shuffled briefly, kicking them off and draping them over my own pack with one hand – and intaking air sharply as I felt her loving tongue touch me again, finally, after so long. Both hands went to my base as I looked down at her, utterly lost in my cock – she was already making the whole length of me as wet as she could with her tongue, and one hand slid down to heft a heavy brown testicle. The only question now was whether its contents would be emptied into her mouth or pussy.

She couldn't quite deep-throat me anymore, which seemed to drive her increasingly animalistic mind toward frustration. I felt the sharp scrapes of her teeth as she tried to force my pole down her throat, and she gagged a little after three attempts. I smiled. She had barely been able to do it before – the first five inches of me, anyway – but now, that extra bit of thickness was just too much. Her jaw wouldn't stretch. Her eyes met mine, and I could see the disappointment and apparent shame that came with it – and I shook my head. I didn't want to blow this load in her mouth anyway; I wanted to put it right where it belonged.

Taking her by the arms and pulling her up, I positioned the eager Nina onto her hands and knees – finally having to turn her head away from my cock with one hand, from which she still couldn't tear her gaze. I came down onto one knee, putting both hands on her waist as the cool ocean washed in a single wave – splashing over her calves and hands, giving her a start. It washed away as I fisted my cock and smeared a little pre-come around her ass, then positioned myself at her pussy. I let my grip go up to her shoulders, sliding along her deeply tanned back, as another wave came over her. I could feel her heavy breaths under my hands as I did it, and fastened my large hand on her shoulder – which seemed surprisingly smaller and more feminine now, with my growth.

Nina, the one in control of herself, the most self-assured and secure of us – it was always so amazing to see that exterior so gloriously melt into what she became during intense lovemaking. She didn't become lovingly submissive like my sister, or just incredibly horny and enthusiastic like Bethany – Nina became something else, like liquid sex or pure desire, instantly conforming to whatever made for the hottest moment; taking control or submitting to it, slowing the pace or speeding it up, pure or perverse, being greedy or utterly selfless... anything is possible when one makes love to Nina.

As the third wave washed over her, making her hands sink a little bit into the fine-grained white sand, I began to push myself into her – and felt the head sinking inside. I held her fast as more of me invaded her, knowing that she wouldn't be used to taking me after so long apart – she quivered and wailed as the fullness of my width stretched her wider than ever.

Soon even her wailing stopped – replaced by the exact same expression, only silent. I knew she was in a little pain right then, and slowed down – but I knew better than to stop. Once a girl had seen my hard dick, the pheromones made it virtually impossible to stop. She'd just immediately impale herself again on it, pain or not. I eased slowly further, moving another inch or so within her willing body over the next minute. There was no rush; it already felt amazing. She was incredibly tight – well, any girl was, with a rod like I'd been given by 15226. This time was special, though.

Nina made a low growl, her breaths coming hard and fast. She turned, looking up into my eyes, and I saw the lack of reason there, the pure emotional and sexual power which had flooded her mind. She looked desperate, and I gave her what she wanted. I pushed harder, making her wail again in loving pain as I pushed hard, bottoming myself out after a minute or so. It would be a while before we could truly fuck, but in the meantime, I could play with her.

I reached down below and began to tug her nipples – as hard as little rocks, swinging freely from those perfect globes on her chest. I slid the same hand down toward our union, and just as I reached her mons, I felt the slick wetness that she was leaking so copiously. I grinned. She must have been aching for this as much as I had – if not more.

When Nina was finally used to me again, a wide smile came across her face as she jiggled herself around a bit. A particularly large wave rolled in and splashed her side, soaking her hair halfway down and leaving her wet and with bits of foam sliding off her shiny, nude body – and with that, I abruptly began what was next.

I pulled out almost all the way, and pushed in again, and did it faster the next time, and the next... within moments I was already fucking her hard. Even I was starting to let go now, reveling in her hot and tight pussy around me as I let my cock run wild, pumping in and out with abandon and pent-up need. My loud groans joined her low and quiet ones, and our soft, slow lovemaking became hard mating.

My hand roamed again, seemingly of its own volition. This time I found her clit, which she'd neglected to play with on her own somehow – I strummed it quickly, knowing neither of us had the will to hold back this time. Maybe later, when we'd spent more time together, we could be patient and draw it out. I saw and felt her immediate reaction, the sudden quiver in her body below mine and the trembling around my cock as I felt her hips involuntarily shudder at my touch. I pushed her hard, my hand automatically falling into motions I'd practiced a thousand times on the girls – all of which fed directly from the memories 15226 had imbued me with.

I was rewarded. Nina lost what little semblance of control she had left, bucking and crying out loudly as she came. Her pulsating muscles and abandon to pleasure stimulated me, and as she gradually came down from her orgasm on all fours, I redoubled my pace briefly as I felt the eruption of pleasure from within. My balls churned, and I felt the pumping as gouts of pleasure shot out of my cock, and I groaned aloud as I felt the ropes of sticky love poured into her – one at a time, each accompanied with a loud moan. My thrusting stopped, and I let the last bits of my goo pump into her, then I slowly withdrew. She lazily turned her head back to face me, and as I fell backward onto the blanket to relax, I felt her crawling over to nuzzle up against me.

"Umm... wow." A female voice came from up and behind us, some distance away.

I started upward, turning immediately around as I scanned behind us. There, up at the treeline, about fifteen feet back – she stood, also wearing trail gear, lugging a pack, and partly hiding behind a tree. I thought furiously. She hadn't seen anything impossible. I didn't recognize her – fairly good-looking for her age, which I'd have guessed at thirty-five to forty, with sun-browned skin and long brunette tresses that were tied up in a ponytail. She wore army-type boots, laced up tight, loose jeans, and thick button-down shirt which couldn't quite hide her nice handful-sized boobs. She looked very athletic. I also saw – hanging from a belt loop – a worn-looking, wood-handled machete in a leather holster.

"Hmmm.....?" Nina was only just now coming out of her fugue. She sat up, boobs juddering slightly, as she looked out with a dim smile over the ocean. An oddly perplexed look came onto her face, then her eyes shot open and she turned, spinning onto her feet lightning-fast and dashing two steps out in front of me. One arm came out in a defensive position in front of me – which had to look kind of silly, since she was visibly less than half my mass. It was a lot less silly once one had seen what Nina was capable of doing with that small body... but even to me, it wasn't entirely devoid of humor.

I put on a sheepish face. "Um – sorry you had to see that – umm, honey, you should get dressed..." I made a show of awkwardly fishing around for my clothes, hastily jumping into my pants and putting on my shirt. I called back up toward her, as Nina stayed in place – still bare-ass naked and holding the same pose. Something must be bothering her, I realized; she was glaring suspiciously at this new woman. I gave her a wave. "If you wanted to use this spot, we'll just be going."

"Ah – no, I just was hiking along here and happened to catch a show worth watching." She shrugged, giving it a friendly air. Now that she had said more than a few words, I could place a definite British accent in her voice. She continued, smiling as she did. "Nothing new under the sun! I saw the fresh boot prints ahead of me and figured, oh, maybe someone else likes this little trail, and they would fancy a companion." She hopped down from the ridge the treeline sat upon, bouncing off a thick banyan root once before landing on both feet neatly on the gravel-like sand. "Unless – um, were you two not finished?" She raised an inquisitive eyebrow.

"Of course we were, uh, finished. We were about to pack it in and head on further toward the mountain." I smiled widely, nodding in the direction of the big stony bulk some eight miles to our east. Nina glanced back at me, still seeming worried, but then visibly forced herself to relax. She grabbed her clothes and began to tug them back on as the woman came over towards casually, but her eyes hardly ever left the woman. She came close, but stopped a few feet short of shaking hands, and leaned against a heavy rock.

"I'm Melody, by the way. Melody Breitbeil." She stepped up, giving a little almost-curtsy. "You're both Yanks?"

"We are." Finally dressed, I tightened the lacing on my boots and then set to shaking the sand out of the blanket, calling back to her as I did. "We're just grad students, here on a little adventure before heading home and burying ourselves in our theses again." I rolled up the blanket. "What part of England are you from?"

I caught the barest hint of a raised eyebrow before she smiled and answered. "Birmingham, but I haven't been there in ages. Never go there, either of you; it is singularly the most boring place on the whole planet. What do you two study? Oh, here, let me help you-" She went over to Nina, who, in her haste to put her pack on, almost lost her balance. Nina stared at her flatly, but didn't resist as the woman helped her strap the heavy bag to her. "And dear, you must wear more than that out here, when you pass through the lowlands you will be eaten alive by the mosquitoes. The little fucks carry malaria, and worse things."

"Bugs never bite me. Been that way for all my life." Nina managed a thin smile, and tightened the knot on her tied-off shirt that showed off her midriff and tits so pleasantly. Of course, mosquitoes did try to bite us, but we figured they couldn't penetrate our skin – or if they could, then maybe 15226 had somehow made us immune to whatever made mosquito bites itch. Trust me, my children, that's one life experience you can afford to miss.

Nina shook out her hair and nodded toward me, and turned back toward the woman as she went toward the trail again. "We're both history students. We really do have to get moving if we're going to reach the peak before sunset." She looked over at the mountain, and feigned a kind face. "Um – Ben and I are sort of health nuts, and we keep up a really hard pace – we don't want to ruin your day on the trail, so..." Nina shrugged.

She was trying to get out of having company. I frowned. Why the strong distrust of this woman? She hadn't singled out a civilian like this before. Nina's judgment of people was usually more accurate than mine, but in the past three years living on the run, I'd sharpened my sense of these things rapidly. Something was off.

"Well, now I'm just curious, goldie. I was about to warn you of the same." She took a deep breath, stood on her tiptoes for a moment – she was a few inches taller than my Nina. "Come along! I'm told the mountain is even more beautiful this year than last."

Nina gritted her teeth once Melody's back was turned, and then suddenly gave me an equally frustrated glare. I just shrugged at her. I didn't think we were putting her at any risk, being out in the middle of nowhere like we were, and she seemed nice enough. It was so rare we got to relax with anyone but each other that I'd kind of forgotten what it was like to be in an atmosphere of friendly relaxation with new people.

I took the lead, guiding us along the winding path, making light conversation with Melody as we went along. She was an interesting character; she told us that she'd once been a tour guide in this country for an American company, and before that she'd been involved in a smattering odd jobs and careers, more than I could count. She seemed to have lived a very interesting life.

Nina followed silently for a time, making little more than the minimal effort to look like she was part of the conversation. I began to wonder why Melody apparently wasn't sensing Nina's disapproval. I rolled my eyes after a while, giving up; maybe Nina really had wanted to fuck like crazy on the beach all day, and go to the mountain tomorrow.

The trail wound all around this low mountain range, and covering its entire length – like Nina and I planned – took even the experienced hikers at least a week. Nina and I had hoped to do it in four or five days, with our enhanced bodies helping greatly – but with Melody tagging along, who, in fairness, was actually keeping up a good pace for a non-superhuman, we could expect upwards of eight. We were in no rush, but maybe that was why Nina was so bent out of shape.

We came out of the forest and into the rocky lowlands, and finally, just as sunset came, we reached the top of the 'mountain'. It was really more of a big, smooth rock, but it did afford a great view of the surroundings. Miles and miles of warm-weather forest went on in all directions, broken only by the occasional large rock or power lines. We made camp up there the first night, Melody sleeping in her own little one off to the side while I set out Nina and I's larger tent on a small dirt pocket.

We'd needed an oversized model – meant for four – just to fit me inside, and I still had to crouch uncomfortably low. We rolled out the pads within, and as we put out the blankets, Nina zipped the tent shut. She idly began to strip, still quiet, and I stared at her, folding my arms in wait while her clothes fell away. Folded up neatly, her perfect tits hanging out for me to caress, she slid under the blanket and sighed.

I sighed. She was going to make me ask. "What?"
