 HUMANITY 2.0

YEAR 012, DAY 098

"Ben, I'll have you know that you are a big dumb idiot."

Twelve years, or twelve hundred years – I'd still know that low, self-assured voice right away. 15226 stood in front of me where I'd awoken, as gorgeous as the day I'd met her. Her body was toned and fit, breasts round and perfect, her shiny, straight black hair falling in a cascade down her back. That beautiful oval face of hers that drew me in like she was a living sculpture. Her body was wrapped tightly in a form-fitting black suit crisscrossed in indiscernible shapes and patterns, and her near-black eyes still had that knowing, dark, mysterious sparkle that was probably the most enchanting thing about her.

"I... uhh..." I was slowly beginning to remember – and damn, she was right.

The last thing I recalled, we'd been tantalizingly close to figuring out what exactly it was that the Foot Clan was trying to do with my DNA. Oh – Foot Clan, that's the name Hannah came up with for the people who were after us. It was from some TV show with turtles. Those clowns had been chasing us around the world relentlessly for years by then, but we'd never gleaned much specific information as to what they intended by doing so. They seemed to want to capture us, but if that wasn't an option, it didn't stop them from trying to kill us.

We'd only begun to make progress once I brought Melody and Hannah into the fold. Those two were – still are – amazing. They'd been finding and infiltrating the facilities used by the Foot Clan for some time, however, we'd been finding they tended to just outsource things, and we rarely were dealing with our opponents themselves. The people they hired were usually given nothing than our descriptions, probable locations, and recommended tactics for capturing, disabling, or, if necessary, killing. I was beginning to think that the enemy, whoever they were, probably wasn't military or government at all; it seemed like all they had was information and money, both of which they leveraged well.

Best I could figure at this point, the 'treasure trove' in Berlin we'd located this time had been a trap. Hannah and Melody had gotten away clean when the place turned out to be empty and they realized it was a setup – I remembered that clearly – but suddenly, I'd heard a crash behind me in the hotel room I was running their communications and intel from. They wouldn't let me actually go with them – in many ways, those two were more protective than Nina was, though they tended to brush off Nina as some kind of amateur.

My memories were fuzzy after that – I dimly recalled men in black getup, like SWAT team members, a failed attempt to use a taser on me, a brief physical confrontation – then an enormous smack as I was struck hard in the back of the head with something heavy and probably metallic, like an aluminum baseball bat.

I hung my head low as I gave a chuckle. "Don't I know it." I sat up, looking around – and noticed that, aside from 15226, there was nothing to see. Literally – nothing. We weren't in a room, or indoors or outdoors at all – aside from the bed I'd awoken on, we were apparently floating in some endless, empty soft-white space, with 15226 standing on some invisible surface. I inventoried my situation, and considered for a moment. "So am I dead?"

"No, just unconscious from a solid blow to the head." My hand went to the back of my head, memories triggering a phantom pain. She was right – I'd felt the sharp crack of something large and heavy crashing into the rear of my skull, hard, then it had all gone black.

"Okay..." I thought for a moment. "I mean, if we're here..." I gestured out into the empty space. "... and you're also here, and I just got my skull busted open, well, you have to admit it's not a bad first guess that I would be dead."

"If this had happened under other circumstances..." She sauntered over toward me, one slender-fingered hand pressing against my chest – I dimly noticed that I was naked – and pushed me down onto my back. The bed was massive, fluffy, and seemingly warm; I instantly felt relaxed. She straddled my waist, and I could immediately make out the tantalizing shape of her camel-toe in the skin-tight outfit.

She continued as she ran a finger over my chest in a random pattern. "... then maybe I could trust your deductions. But again, you are a big dumb idiot, compounded by also being an idiot who just took a blow to the head. So let's not put much stock in your logic for a while."

I grinned for a moment, laughing silently to myself. I had to admit, she had a good argument. My smile faded as I thought further. "Seriously..." I let my hands approach her thighs, this time caressing them with the tenderness I wish I'd shown when I'd first met her, instead of the animalistic, teenage fuck-frenzy I'd worked myself into then. "You said you were leaving the planet. Did you come back?"

"You wish." She snorted. "Ben, do you really think the only thing I downloaded into your head was my memories of sex in a human female's body?"

I laid there silently, staring up at her as I wracked my brain. To be honest, I'd had no reason to think otherwise, so I'd never really considered it. "Well, if you say it like that, I guess I don't anymore. So we're where, inside my head?"

"Pretty much." She sighed. "I'm not really here, you know. This is just a fragment of neural coding, activated when you were knocked out and captured. I was left behind to teach you something."

"Teach me what?" That she was impossibly hot? I didn't mind being reminded, at least.

"Your skull is repairing some hairline fractures, and you lost a fair amount of blood. In about an hour's time, you're going to wake up. Before then, you're going to learn a new trick which should help you get yourself out of the jam you're apparently in. Which you got yourself into, I might add... again... big dumb idiot."

"I had to." I shook my head. "This life the girls and I are living, it's affecting us. We're miserable, split up, and becoming... hard. Callous. I hear it in everything the girls say. Even I'm starting to think like that, like every room I walk into is a potential combat zone. If this keeps on, any world we build will just as bad or worse as now."

The finger she was running along me paused. She looked up from where she was tracing a pattern on me idly, staring into my eyes. "You're not lying, are you?" She smiled to herself. "I can't see past the last few hours of your memories, so I don't know for sure... but I guess you do have your heart in the right place. You're thinking in the right terms, you just need strategy. You should keep this Nina girl around more, she's pretty sharp about these things."

"I should keep them all around more." I sighed. "What am I here to learn?"

"You're already learning it. The fact that you and I are here is because a little program hidden inside my memories went active and is downloading something special into your nervous system as we speak. Most of me is tied up controlling that download... but the rest of me is here with you." She bit her lip. "So we've got an hour to kill." She grinned lopsidedly. "What ever shall we do..."

"What's this trick I'm learning? How will I know how to use it?"

"It's a surprise." She winked. "Don't worry, you'll remember everything you need as soon as you wake up. For now... for old times' sake, Ben, let's get your mind off worrying. The download is having trouble taking because you're so wound up. We need to get you nice and comfortable."

She slid backward, off the bed for a moment, and stood. She tapped a finger to the neck of her bodysuit, and suddenly, it fell off her in strips. I feasted my eyes on that glorious body once again as she came down to her knees, and her hands went to my cock.

I'd had an erection almost from the moment I laid eyes on her. Even worried sick, my body would still react to the sight of hers immediately like that. Two slender feminine hands found my length, caressing it and giving me a few light jacks as she settled her weight onto her knees, hefting my pole upward toward her as she looked into my eyes.

It was strange, remembering being her in this situation with other men – I knew what was going through her head, or would have if I was really with her. This wasn't really her, it was basically a glorified figment of my imagination, but it felt completely real. Every touch of those warm fingers on my prick, the feather-light licks of her tongue against my heavy balls, and her elbows shifting the bed slightly beneath my thighs.

It was even more real as I felt her lips pass the crown of my dick as she swallowed me. I moaned, letting out a sigh as her expert mouth and tongue laved me – treating my pole to a beautiful and sensuous experience. She bobbed up and down a few times, taking more of me each time, until I knew I was hitting the back of her throat – then, somehow, impossibly, going further.

I felt her small chin tickling lightly against my ballsack, then she slid back upward, and down again. I felt a low, constant vibration as she began to hum to herself. She was amazing. My girls are amazing too – I'd gotten to the point that I could tell them apart by their individual blowjobs, even blindfolded – but there was something about this which made it unique. 15226 knew my soul – hell, apparently she'd been living inside it.

True to her goal, soon my thoughts were nowhere near worry and concern. Her loving, delicate blowjob demanded every iota of attention I had. I laid limp on the bed, not so much drained of energy as lacking the will to interrupt the experience even slightly. My breaths became slower and labored, and she matched my pace. The only sound was our combined breathing and the quiet, wet sounds of her welcome sucking.

I lost track of time as she bobbed up and down, time itself soon being measured only by her up and down motion. Her motion took on a slight imbalance, which I sensed after a few strokes. It was becoming a little more insistent. I let her bob for another minute or two, enjoying it – then I summoned my will and reached down, pulling her head up and off me. I instantly almost regretted it, my cock no longer being loved – but I consoled myself, knowing what came next would be even better.

I stood her up and pulled her toward my face. I felt her hands on my scalp as I brought those gorgeous tits to my lips, burying my head between them for a while before I loosened my grip long enough to move toward one of her nipples. I suckled on it for a time, then switched between them, over and over, trying to give her tits just as good an experience as I'd had just before.

Soon we both were overcome with our real desire. She turned and let herself fall onto the bed, at first on her back, then rolling over and coming up onto her hands and knees. She shook her ass toward me playfully and invitingly, with a lip-biting smile. She wanted it from behind, and I had no right to refuse. I positioned myself with both feet spread wide on whatever passed for a floor in this magical dream-world, and took her hips in both hands. I slid my cock along her ass-crack a few times, a gob of pre-come leaking down off the head and reaching her ass. We both moaned as I moved myself again, this time aiming my giant pole at her core.

One of her hands clasped over mine on her hip as the head pressed against her welcoming lips. We both gasped silently as I entered, with careful excitement as I inched my length within her, bit by bit. Tiny exertions of force by us both pushed more and more of my pole within her tight pussy, its heat and slippery glory soon crushing me in the best way possible. I could tell her anguished expression had nothing to do with pain; she was simply adapting to my girth again.

When I had nearly sunk myself completely inside her, I bent down, planting one foot on the bed frame and letting my upper body hunker over hers. I shifted one hand to her shoulder, and with a final push, forced my cock until it was buried inside her to the hilt. She moaned, followed by own low groan of satisfaction. We both savored it for a while, then I shook my hips once to ask a silent question. The responding shift of her hips was all the acknowledgment I needed. I slid myself out halfway, then began the process anew, this time a little faster, a little harder.

I had done it thousands of times by now, going through this same set of motions as I made love to any of the girls. It never quite got old, but it wasn't like this – like now. 15226 was my lover, my ex-girlfriend, my mysterious interloper, and mother figure, all in one package. I hadn't ever called her by name, even; it somehow never came up in those few hours we had together. Would I call her 15226? Did she like to be called 'Experimenter' instead? Maybe she would have just picked a human name instead, for me to temporarily use.

Her real name wasn't something a human could pronounce. It wasn't even a sound; she'd said it was a complex arrangement of infrared lights flashing in a specific pattern. Thinking like that tended to remind me that this 'girl' was really a huge, super-powerful spaceship, inscrutable and ancient, and she'd simply created that amazing body temporarily, in order to relate to me better... not that it stopped my raging desire for her.

I was well and truly fucking now. Just watching us, one would think all pretense of tenderness had vanished and our lovemaking had become simple, animalistic mating. To us, though, it wasn't quite that; it was a shared experience, a cutting loose with our inner selves and reveling in the true form of sex... or something. If you want real sexual poetry, see some of Rasima's work; I'm just relaying these things as I remember them, I can't articulate the pure and raw experience of intercourse like she can. 

I pumped hard into 15226, my hips slapping her ass in a syncopated rhythm. Each of us had a hand on her clit, alternating toying with it and each other as we both worked hard to make her come. I was soaking with sweat, though she, of course, didn't have a drop on her. I might not have called my state relaxed, but I supposed it suited whatever purpose she was up to with this download thing; she hadn't even tried to slow me down.

I roared as I felt the first sparks of pleasure at the base of my cock. There was no control in me strong enough to resist the temptation; I couldn't for a second control my pace enough to hold off. It began to erupt, firing up from within me and down the length of my cock. My balls began churning with seed, and I felt the rush of orgasm in full as I exploded.

Roaring as I slapped a few more times, ropes of my come shot out of me and coated her insides with gooey love. The hand on her clit never stopped moving, propelled almost by its own separate intelligence. I was happy to note, in some distant place, that I felt her quivering motions beneath me a few seconds after I'd come – perhaps my own massive orgasm had triggered her own, or maybe just the sensation of a massive load of hot semen being pumped inside her did it.

I remembered her experiences of both, and was guessing it was the latter, but who cares. Our hands worked in unison as she approached her peak, strumming her clit as I pumped my cock a few last times before I began to wilt – helping her to the final stretch.

With a series of moans, she came, slowly and powerfully. I felt her whole body quaking underneath me, and helped hold her in place as it overcame her senses and she fell to one side. She shook and moaned loudly, and I bent down to kiss the side of her face as it ran amok within her body, wave after wave of pleasure taking her away someplace for a while.

As she came down, we were both lying together, spooned. I'd dragged her further up the bed with me, and held her tight against me. My spent penis was lying limp between the back of her thighs, leaking the last bits of my sticky stuff onto our skin. One hand idly played with a breast, almost not sexually – just admiring its completely perfect form. Had she sculpted this body specifically for me, I wondered? I didn't know what she looked like in the other lives she'd had in our world; maybe she had read my mind when she'd chosen me and created that form to virtually guarantee my willingness to fuck her. That would certainly make it easier for her to basically kidnap me as she had.

"Mmmm...." She cuddled up backward to me, welcoming my exploring touch. Neither of us would want to fuck again for a while, but just playing like this was fun too. I jiggled the boob in my hand and we kissed again. It broke, and she smiled up at me as she turned away – looking into the white void. "I miss you, Ben."

I raised an eyebrow. "I thought you were imaginary. How would you know what she thinks?"

"I know enough." She smiled. "And even only seeing what's in your head for the past few hours, I can tell you miss her even more. You've got enough to worry about, Ben. Focus on the here and now. You're stronger now than before, and wiser. Don't think otherwise, I know you keep veering off in that direction. You're a lot closer to what she envisioned than you think."

Her hand came to mine, and we clasped our fingers together over her shoulder. "Ben, when you wake up... I want you to remember that she chose you for your judgment and character, too. There was a reason she didn't just give you this power up front; she never got to test it, so it may well be powerful enough to corrupt even you. I was only supposed to activate if my coding judged that you'd developed into someone who could be trusted with this much power."

"Huh? Power?" I shook my head. "I thought it was just a little trick you're teaching me. Now it's a power?"

"It's a little of both – but yes, it's quite strong." She smiled. "I'm really proud of it, actually. You know that electrogenic ability your girls have? It's a specialized variant-"

I drew an utter blank, and shook my head before she finished – holding up a finger to stop her. "The girls have... what?"

She frowned, glancing away. "Guess that's behind schedule then... Oh, it's almost time. Three... two..."

"Wait! No!" I started upward. "I still-"

"...one."

The whiteness vanished, and I was suddenly dissolving into a world of blackness. The world quickly redefined itself into one of sickly, crippling pain instead of one of a color; it was centered around the back of my head, but not confined there. I felt scratches, bruises, cuts, and welts from just about every part of me.

I forced my eyes open, blinking the salty tears away. I could sense dried blood caking one eyelid, which made it difficult to open, but I got it after a couple tries. I was strapped to a metal table, spread-eagle, and above me there was a glaring set of lights. On the small rolling table next to me lay surgical tools – a set of scalpels, forceps, scissors, and even a bone saw.

You had to be fucking kidding me.

I looked around, ignoring the massive pain it caused in my head as I did it. The room was spartan, and the table I was on seemed to be very heavily built – judging by the sensation on my wrists, they had me tied to it with heavy cables, nylon or some other artificial fiber. I'd tried breaking the stuff before, and even with my enormous strength it wasn't possible to do it without some kind of cutting tool – at least, not at this thickness. I gave an experimental jerk, but they were well-fastened at the other end too.

I sighed, and turned my head to spit some blood out. The room's walls were white tiles, and there was more medical equipment and shelves along the walls; bottles with who knew what drugs in them, cabinets, and various rolling electronic things of mysterious purpose.

I lay there for a time, considering, turning over this thing I'd been given in my head. I felt my body, for lack of a better word, building up potential. Some heretofore barely active system – built directly into my body – had been awakened in full, and I was now slowly charging up electric potential for use in... what?
