 HUMANITY 2.0
YEAR 041, DAY 112

I felt myself stirring awake, and an uncomfortable weight lying on my chest and abdomen. My dreams had been of labored breathing and of mysterious weight pressing on me. I groaned, and opened my eyes to a lovely sight; Emily, with a bored look on her face, her cheek resting on one fist and elbow resting on a knee. She was sitting cross-legged directly atop my chest, and was staring down directly into my eyes.

My sister had let her hair grow out longer lately, and had it tied back in a partial ponytail, the rest sweeping down around her head gracefully, framing her oval face. She wore a simple white shift and lacy white panties beneath, and I saw down near my feet where some of her clothes lay discarded. On her feet she wore long and colorful socks, which seemed to be the fashion lately.

"Em..." I moaned. "What time is it..." I felt like going right back to sleep.

Emily gave an almost imperceptible nod off toward the bedside table. "You can read."

So, she wasn't in any better a mood than she was last night, then.

The clock to my left read 05:00A, yet the sun was already shining. Welcome to Alaska. We were back in Nadine's summer palace at the time; it was located in a remote part of the Alaskan wilderness. The closest other settlement was twenty miles away. When the climate issues had started to get worse in the past ten years, we'd started living there full-time; the winters there were becoming relatively mild, though they were still dangerous to the unprepared.

The oversized house we lived in, with its surrounding sheds, workshops, and even a laboratory, was surrounded by low hills and valleys. The land bloomed with short, hardy wildflowers and lichens growing over an otherwise stony tundra. It had a massive, brilliant and lively beauty that I always appreciated. Several herds of caribou lived in the region, and Nina or Bethany sometimes took the children out on trips to observe them. They even had names for most of them.

Our house itself was rustic and huge; it had to be, to fit all of us. An even twenty young ones had the run of the place, and that wasn't counting the nine girls I counted among my lovers. It was fairly rare for all of them to be home at once; now was no exception. The exterior of the house was made of the cedar logs common to the area, long-lasting, but was built around a much more sturdy cement and rebar frame; it was a home meant to last a hundred years or more. There were ten bedrooms, two kitchens, three dens, and a twelve-vehicle garage, all paid for easily on Nadine's tab.

She never asked any of the rest of us for a damn thing - as far as she was concerned, all we had to do to deserve what she gave was to be ourselves. It's too easy for us to forget the nice things about Nadine, especially in these times; I have never forgotten. Well, maybe for a while... but not lately. I hope she knows that.

The house's interior was that of a traditional mountain lodge, a look that Nadine favored; the heavy, smooth wood furniture dominated everything, with big fluffy cushions, natural, aged hardwood floors, and numerous landscape pictures and murals hung about the place. She kept something somewhere that made the whole place smell nice, like maple and cinnamon – which, despite living there for nearly three decades, I never did find where she hid it.

Emily was still casually resting atop me. I took a deep breath, moving my sister's whole body up and down a few inches. Emily didn't budge; she knew she wasn't really hurting me, although it wasn't exactly comfortable either.

"Em..." I vaguely recalled some strange dreams of the previous night, which gave me a thought. "How long have you been there?"

She gave a noncommittal shrug. "Dunno... came in... was getting light out... you looked comfortable."

"And you were... what, watching me sleep?" Bethany liked doing that, and Rain to a lesser extent, but I'd never known Emily to have much interest in it.

"No. Yeah." She frowned. "Thinking."

I waited for a while, but she didn't offer anything further; the distant look on her face remained exactly the same. I resisted rolling my eyes. "Em, it's five in the morning... if you want to make this like pulling teeth..." She remained silent. I sighed. "Listen, if you need to watch me sleep, can you do it from off to the side or something? I know you're mad at me, but I had a late night, and I have the kids for the day once Claudia gets back. I don't want to-"

"I wasn't mad at you." I let her interrupt me, perplexed. She looked away for a moment. "That was just me being Bitchy Emily the last few days. I came back from New York with this idea then I couldn't follow through on it, and after that every time I saw you it just reminded me how pissed off I was with myself."

"Okaaay..." I raised an eyebrow. "What was the idea?"

Emily remained quiet for a few moments, then came up, resting both palms on my bare chest. She tilted her head as she looked down at me again, studying me. "Ben... why the hell haven't you pressed the issue of having children with me?"

"What?" I was still half-asleep, and not really prepared for an emotionally charged argument. "Em... is this really the time? You're obviously in a weird state of... I don't know. I'm running on three hours of sleep. Talk it over with Claudia or Nina-"

"I don't want to. Not about this." One finger traced lazy patterns around my chest. "Nina, Rain, and Wren are in the lab working on something. Claudia and Nadine have the little ones, and they won't be back until lunch. It's just you and me... brother and sister... with the whole place to ourselves..."

She said it quietly, giving me a hungry look. "Now's the only time. You won't have time to come up with some long-winded moral bullshit and I've got just enough anger bottled up that I'm thinking crooked enough to ask. Tell me, Ben! Why the hell did you leave something that important alone for the past ten years!"

"Em..." I sighed.

"Damnit!" She slapped a hand on my chest; it stung, but I could tell she wasn't truly furious. "Spill it. I don't care if it's a stupid reason or embarrassing or whatever, just blurt it out here and now. I won't judge. Well, I will, but not... loudly. Like usual." She frowned, more to herself than me.

"It's not obvious?" I groaned. "You weren't ready. I'm not going to force it." I let my hands slide up over her thighs. "As long as we're asking questions we shouldn't, how about you? It's just you left. Even Wren got swelled up with little Zoe, just last year."

"It's two of us. Me and Rain." She pouted somewhat.

"Well, okay, but I think Rain's kind of a gimme, you know?" I shook my head. "Besides, what do you even call it when you have a child by your daughter? A daughter...er?"

Emily paused for a time, giving me a flat look. "You're such an idiot."

I shrugged, not disagreeing. "Have mercy on a tired idiot. I want to sleep."

She sighed. "Ben, it makes no fucking sense. We're an entire new species. I've been studying some of our genetics stuff with Claudia and Bethany. Learning about what makes us different from all them." She waved one arm in a wide gesture, indicating presumably the human race. "The list is getting longer every day. They're still finding stuff that your alien girlfriend came up with, little things and big things. We're all so amazing, Ben, and the less of us there are, the more risk we could all be wiped out by accident or something."

I shrugged. "I know that part. And I've got twenty-one children now, counting Rain. You don't need to feel obligated to do anything. I was serious when I said I just couldn't imagine facing a thousand-year-long life without you."

She turned to me, scowling. "Ben, you have a super power that lets you make me dripping wet in a second. You might not be able to completely dominate us the way you can normal humans, but you have to know how easy it would be to fuck a baby into me. You know I'd have done it if you asked, right?" A hand slid down across her belly. "I know... I'm a bitch sometimes. But you know how I am... when it's just us... if you said it, I'd have had one for you. I'd have had my brother's baby."

"Having to ask means I won't ask." I shook my head. "Again, can we not do this now?"

"Drop the Zen bullshit! It doesn't make any fucking sense, Ben!" She seemed genuinely angry now. "You have to know by now, even if you used your power left and right and fucked us all nice and pregnant every nine months, that if Spaceship Girl was right – well, the only people writing the history books will be your own children. I'm pretty sure they'd give you a break."

"Maybe." I grinned. With some luck, maybe I could make her wrong about one part of that. "Would you have, though?"

"I..." She frowned. "I don't know. Probably. Does it matter? Ben, this is bigger than either of us. We have an obligation to have as many kids as we can."

I snorted. "Em..." I thought for a moment. "Have you ever asked Nadine what went through her head before I put Jacob into her belly? Or Nina, what she was thinking when she decided to have Blake?"

"That it was time they contribute-"

I couldn't help it. I burst out laughing.

"What?" Emily was looking down at me with mixed resentment and confusion.

"Ahhh... no, sorry, Em, I..." I got out one more chuckle before I found control of myself again. "Nadine just wanted another baby because Nadine always has to be number one. Nina just said she felt like it, and she was tired of Nadine parading her babies around." I shrugged. "That's it. That's the sum total of their reasoning. Ask them; they'll tell you the same thing themselves." I smiled up at her, but she returned only a dim glower.

"It's not like that for me. I-"

I stared her in the eyes. If she was going to force the issue, then fine. I'd bring up exactly what I thought had been haunting her for so long. "-You still think you'll be another of Mom."

The flash of anger on her face was briefly frightening; for a moment, I thought she would slap me. She caught herself after a sharp intake of breath, then looked away. "Is it that stupid?"

I shrugged. "Anything is possible. But Em..." I took her chin in one hand, turning her face back to me. "15226 didn't pick me because I was perfect, and it wasn't like I thought you were before I changed you. Do you know how much the thoughts of her drunk-ass old man still haunt Bethany? She'll be eighty before long, and still she thinks about it.

"Melody lost her younger sister when she was seventeen, and a part of her still thinks it was her fault. It's part of why she and Hannah are so inseparable; I mean, Hannah's actually a year older but Melody can't really separate her thoughts of her little sister from Hannah. And don't even ask me to start on Wren's issues, we'd be here all morning." I gave a light tap on her thigh. "You didn't answer my question."

"Which one?"

As if she didn't know. "What your idea was that you had when you came back from New York."

She scowled at me. "How is it not obvious?"

I shrugged. I'd noticed that when women said stuff like that, more often than not they were just buying time to gather their thoughts, or pushing the whole feminine-mystique bullshit to keep me guessing. "It still helps to hear you say it."

"Fine. I want a baby. From you. I want my brother's baby." She rolled her eyes. "There, I said it..." She trailed off, seeming to realize how easily it had come out of her mouth. As I'd thought, saying it out loud changed the way she thought about it. "But I'm scared, Ben... I want to be a mother so bad, but I'm so fucking scared I'll turn into Mom... Ben, I'd ruin everything, not just our kid's life, if I lost it like she did – I could bring all of us down. It's... you don;'t know how much this has been tearing me up. I think about it every day."

"Em." I shook my head again, pulling her down toward me. She didn't resist, and I felt her pressing against my chest. She wasn't sobbing, but despite the angle I was at, I could sense tears were coming from her eyes. I stroked her hair for a while, then after I time I spoke again. "Em, you aren't Mom. There's nothing to be scared of."

There was silence for a time, five minutes becoming ten, then fifteen, then twenty. The only sound was the morning breeze outside and our breathing. As more time passed, I began to sense something familiar pressing against my thigh; where my sister's legs met, the lacey cloth of her panties was becoming a little damp. I grinned to myself, but didn't act on it at the time.

"Ben..." Finally, she spoke, but still didn't look at me. "Do you remember when we first made love?"

"In the hotel in Sacramento." I stroked her skin, sneaking fingers underneath one of the straps on her shift.

"I just... lay back and told you to fuck me, and not stop even if I said to."

I nodded. "You said you loved it that way."

There was another brief silence.

"You know I let an egg out, inside. Late last night." She looked away, and mused to herself. "If some enterprising brother of mine were to just up and come inside me in the next couple days, well, I'd just get pregnant. No helping it."

I nodded, more to myself than to her. There was another few seconds' silence. My cock was becoming rigid underneath the covers, where my waist and legs were partially hidden. It was obvious how she wanted this to happen. Emily's desires shifted readily to accommodate her lovers; in my case, she often became meek and submissive when she wanted to fuck, passively inviting me to just push my cock into my sister. She couldn't quite bring herself to step out and ask me to make her pregnant, even if she wanted it more than anything. Emily was incredibly courageous most of the time, except when it came to the strangest things.

My beloved sister. I rolled us over, coming up above her on all fours; my cock, now long and rock-hard, swung below me as I bent down to give her a kiss. She returned it, wrapping two arms around my upper back, and then laid in place as I ravished her. My mouth and hands played across her body, teasing at first, then helping her out of her shift. With casual but practiced care, I tugged off the panties she wore, leaving her nude and defenseless underneath me.

I gave her folds and clit a few playful licks; the wetness and taste betrayed how aroused she was. The idea of finally getting pregnant was affecting her powerfully. She later told me that she had developed a little bit of a fetish for it after seeing and playing with so many of the other girls when they were round with child.

Today wasn't a clit-licking day; I came up and played with her small breasts briefly, reveling in her warm and slender body. It might have been hard to believe for some humans of the old world that Emily and I were related, aside from the similarity in our faces; she was slender and of average female height, whereas I was, by then, a titan compared to all but the largest humans. Emily weighed in at just over one-third my mass.

It didn't take much guidance anymore for my cock to find her entrance. I knew all of my girls' bodies intimately now, down to the specific, writhing patterns their bodies tended to move in as I stimulated them here and there. I rarely even slipped out on accident after the first thirty years. Once I'd passed her entrance, I felt myself descending; the gentle passion I'd shown at first started to erode from the force of my desire.

I gradually but firmly entered her, down to the hilt, watching her expression change from one of submissive enjoyment to one of temporary pain and surprise. My cock stretched any of them to the limit, even after all this time. It was only moments before I could see the pain seeping away, her face instead becoming one of a woman experiencing pleasure. The little bumping motions I was making against her clit helped, of course, and I knew all of her little pressure points – the sensitive parts of her body that even she didn't fully realize were erogenous.

My hand cupping the side of her ass, squeezing the firm muscle just so; one hand gripping behind her shoulder, hard and forcefully – giving her just enough of an impression of being helpless and unable to escape. Kisses trailing down her cheeks and across her ears, down her neck then up her chin, back onto her lips. Tugs on her nipples with a free hand, occasionally, keeping them nice and pointy.

Deliberately moving a tight grip down her thigh, grasping behind her knee to hold it up beside myself – spreading her legs wide as I speared her. She was so beautiful once she got into lovemaking. My rhythmic thrusting didn't change angles or mix up the pace much; Nadine and Bethany liked it that way, but Emily liked a firm, steady, pumping fuck that was unhurried but powerful.

Her moans made a kind of music that only I really heard; it told me a lot, about things she was trying to hide, things she liked and didn't want to admit, that even after forty years as my lover, she still thought there were things I didn't know about her. Things she thought I would judge or would think were too kinky. I would bring all of it out, in time, but it would be centuries. The mind – human or hominus – can be very fast about some things, and incredibly slow at others.

Her legs wrapped together behind my ass, and with one thumb I found her clit and moved just so, over and over. It had the expected effect. She moaned, quietly, being kept on the edge, denied every time she came too close. If I wasn't careful, some of the girls would come before I did, I'm proud to say. It only took me fifty years to figure this sex thing out.

She was giving me – giving us both – an incredible gift, and I needed to ensure she was rewarded well. Our child would be as loved and cared for as all of the others, and would never lack for companionship considering my small army of offspring and the numerous mothers they would have available.

Little did I know our first 'child' would actually be two – the first hominus twins, Michael and Michelle. Bethany had been wondering if hominus could still have twins the way the humans could, given that one of the biggest differences was the way our bodies handled ovulation – and that question was answered when my sister began to swell up and Bethany's tests showed two little ones growing inside. It would be two centuries before the first pair of identical twins, instead of Michael and Michelle's fraternal pairing, but it did eventually happen. It's actually about three times as common with us as it was with the old species, but you know what they say about statistics and small sample sizes.

My pumping accelerated, thrusting my cock over and over. It was a good thing that making love had become such second nature to me; I didn't have to think at all about how exactly to ensure she was pleasured too, I just let my body do its thing and rode the sensations. My cock slammed home faster and faster inside sister-pussy, preparing itself to spew life-creating seed.

My hand worked in a motion so natural that it did it practically on its own, teasing and playing with Emily's clit in all the ways I knew would drive her wild. I was groaning aloud in a way I rarely held back on anymore, unless I thought one or more of the kids were nearby.

I let out a primal shout, as if announcing some great important moment. My cock erupted not long after my strumming fingers had brought her off, making her quiver silently as she usually did when she came. My churning balls did their job, and my cockhead opened to spurt a rope of thick white come, then another, and another. I groaned repeatedly, sliding myself in to the base one last time as I felt my balls emptying inside her.

There was a long silence as I wound down, catching my breath; I remained above her for a few moments, letting my cock slip out of her as it softened. Her eyes caught mine, and something long and impossible to put into words happened between us; our decades-long incestuous relationship had just crossed a line that both of us had been idly staring at for years. I slowly relaxed and came down at her side, and she looked down at herself, then at me again.
