 Bethany lay on my left, Naomi on my right; both were dozing, nude, but I lay mostly awake. It wasn't any one thing that kept me up - I just didn't really sleep well at all in those years; even after the awkward and intense threesome we'd just had while crammed in this tight little spot. My thoughts went to my children not there with me - both those still in this world at that time, and those not.

The bare-bones aircraft we were on rocked and shook with turbulence, but all of us had long since gotten used to sleeping through that. We were between two heavy storage containers with our hardsuits and their associated gear stowed inside, my back against the airframe and part of a folded seat while the two girls nestled on either side of me - my discarded clothes functioning as a fractional blanket between the three of us. It was still more than we'd had to make do with on a number of occasions.

Glancing through a small window over my shoulder, I could see the night air around the outside was clear, for once, and the stars were passing by through the outer window. Emily would be up front, flying us in, but the plane's onboard computer could have gotten us to Malta on its own easily enough.

I felt the aircraft's nose inch downward slightly, and knew we were on final approach. A tap of my foot to the side of the crate and I sensed my J5's readiness. It was at full charge, and very much wanted to wrap itself around my body and turn me into a killing machine... but I let it sleep. A precaution only, to bring it - and parts of it would be recycled for the new one that I was due to be fitted for, later on this trip.

Instead, I stood up, letting the girls snuggle together and rummaging for a real blanket to put over them before getting dressed again in my dress pants and white collared shirt. An additional twenty pounds of muscle filled out my frame now, the product of endless training in the Vault - there wasn't much else to do there.

The cockpit was a change of pace after a six-hour flight from the UK and endless diplomatic meetings. The world may have considered World War 4 to be over, the Imperial Peninsula to have been reduced to a crater and its ally Axum now under the effect of every embargo and sanction imaginable to keep its power in check - but we knew better.

I had no doubt that Nadine was fighting tirelessly to get us more air support from NATO, but despite all that effort, we were still woefully short of what we needed. NATO simply considered the Axum - and thus Naglfar - problem to be... contained, to northern and eastern Africa. New Malta, Osana, and the million refugees there were a tertiary concern, a money sink for charitable donations but not a real political problem.

Emily sat in the left of the two side-by-side seats in the cockpit. Her blue neoprene flight jumpsuit, form-fitted perfectly to her skinny frame, would have been indistinguishable from nudity had it been too dark. The seam on the front was loose down to her navel, carelessly allowing a glimpse of a dark and stiff nipple. Large, old-school headphones covered her ears, a boom microphone hovering in front of her mouth.

She tapped the pedals with her narrow feet in an entirely unnecessary manner, only her head, fingers, and toes visible through the openings in her outfit. She could easily have controlled the whole plane from anywhere inside it. Any of us could. Maybe she was just staying in practice, in case the electronics went.

"Hey." I thudded down in the co-pilot's seat, finally buttoning up my shirt. She didn't respond, so I put a headset on and spoke into the mike. "Hey. What you thinking about?"

"Hmm... oh." She glanced over at me and gave me a weak smile. "Just now? You, actually. Glad you're out of the Vault. We need it. Need you."

I wasn't sold, but I wasn't about to argue it either, given why I'd come out. "Sorry about before. Hadn't seen you in what, three years now? We meet up in Toulouse, get on the plane... and I spent the whole first two hours in the plane having a nice little fuckfest with those two." I stabbed a thumb toward the back of the cabin. "They'd just been out to the Vault too. You could have joined us, you know. This thing isn't old enough to have no t-pilot."

She shrugged. "We kissed, and linked a little. I wanted to go over it all in my head before we talked anyway." She smiled and nodded back toward the cockpit door. "So? Were they rusty when it came to real men? I think they've only eaten pussy full-time for most of a year."

I waved it off. "They remembered quick enough."

We both smiled, and kissed again, this time more deeply. I had leaned over her and practically lifted my sister out of the pilot's chair this time by the time it broke, and felt her hot breath on my face as she stared up at me for a few moments after.

"You're so tired... but so wound up too." She gave me another quick peck. "Beijing go well?" She paused. "Dumb question?"

"Yes and no. There's no deal, obviously." I frowned. "Still learned a lot about their development plans for the Gobi, though. Talked to Nadine and the triplets after - it's not as bad as we thought for Elysium. The water table won't be affected much. We think a few strategic stock buyouts will keep Baikal free of carcinogens until..."

I went on for a few more minutes. My warnings from 15226 of a world drowning in its own poisons, thrashed by its own unchained weather, and sick with super-bugs all seemed not so distant and unlikely now. They were practically common knowledge, even among regular humans. Politics in those days was really all about making sure someone else paid the price.

"That's good." Emily shrugged. "Maeve already knows?"

I nodded; Maeve's own daughter had been there in Beijing with us and had flown directly to Elysium after. Maeve is Nadine's fifteenth daughter; another gorgeous, pale redhead, fresh from four years spent as liaison to a naval picket around the Horn... but by then interested in taking more of a hand in our other affairs.

Elysium ran itself by that point - half a million residents, local elections and heavy business investment, but we still ended up closely involved at all levels and needed at least one of us on-site full-time. There was a great deal to be learned there, and if nothing else I wanted many of us to be acquainted well with the challenges of building a working city. If my big dumb plan to save the world didn't work, we'd need lots of that expertise.

"Least she'll have some of her own around so she'll be able to get some real sex." Emily let out a loud sigh, stretching in her chair. "Had to be the hardest part of that job."

"Now I'm curious." I stood up, coming around behind her chair and rubbing her shoulders.

"Hmm?" She was tapping the instrument panel, probably inputting something directly to the flight computer.

I came down alongside her face, quiet in her ear. "If you're 'rusty' too."

"Hmmm..." She gave me a sideways smile. "I don't know... it's just been me in Elysium for who knows how long... I had a few friends with benefits around, but none were one of us..." She bit her lip. "I might need a refresher on what parts of the man go where again."

"Well, I think I can help with that." I slipped a hand inside the front of her suit, finding her nipple with my fingers, then slid it over the other as I kissed alongside her neck... awkward, to be sure, from that position, but she was inching herself upward to meet me. I whispered again to her. "No preggers though."

"S'fine..." She turned, kissing me again as she finally turned the damn t-pilot on. Another deep kiss, this time both my hands finding their way under her top and pushing it back, slipping her arms out of it and baring those wonderful little tits as blue fell away to reveal her sexy caramel skin. "... I'm not really feeling the baby-making today. Just fuck me."

Emily stood up, straddling the throttle and plucking off her headphones. Our hands joined lower down, finding the little tightseam notch at the bottom of her suit's opening, the two of us grasping it together to complete her nudity - the garment quickly sliding off her body as it loosened, falling in a loose mess about her thighs and on the seat, revealing her perfectly bare sex.

She gingerly stepped out of it, careful not to press any buttons, then undid my belt and stripped me with rapid, expert precision. We soon were in the back of the cockpit, the only place with something like standing room, and we kissed a few more times. I took each of her nipples into my mouth before turning her around and moving her to press her hands on the windows as she bent over.

Her dark and pink entrance beckoned, and I placed myself against her - then, both of us pushing our bodies together, I felt her tight incest-pussy gradually welcome me after so long. She sucked in air through her teeth as the first few inches stretched her wide.

"So that's where that goes... thanks for... oh... reminding me." Her knuckles were white where she had one hand on the head of a chair, the other pressed flat to the edge of the window.

I chuckled as I took my time on it, entering her inch by inch until the base of my cock was being kissed by her folds. I always had to bend my knees and stand in a wide stance in this position, even Emily not quite being tall enough for it - but it gave me more leverage for slow, varied thrusts. I was in no rush, having just come twice in Naomi's and Bethany's throats, even if I was craving a tight pussy after.

I was firm but gentle with her, taking control and assuming dominant force. I moved her hands where I wanted them, and elicited moans and gasps as I pleased from my sister. I could feel her thoughts melting through the link, turning into a lethargic goop of pleasure and love; running my mental fingers through that, touching her mind with mine, was always the hardest part of keeping myself from erupting too soon with Emily. 

Her expression turned blank and open, mouth open wide and eyes sometimes rolling up as she obediently accepted every thrust. Her mumbles of yearning for my cum told me she needed me to begin our orgasm, but I delayed it, savoring how dependent she became in these few private moments. 

"You wanna cum, Em?" I stroked a hand along her hair, through her shoulder blades and down to the small of her back - exerting pressure and controlling the pace. Her ass was bony, not really the nice bubble Bethany had, not that I really thought it was a bad thing. Variety, and so on.

"Yeaaahhhh..." She moaned. I imaged her playing with her super-stiff nipples, and her hand quickly moved to obey.

"Gonna cum in you... fill you up..." I grunted, speeding up as I felt the eruption impending. As it always was when it was just Em and I, our thoughts bled together through the link, sensations of my own body and her own become difficult to distinguish. While it's possible with any hominus lover, when it's my sister and I it becomes inevitable. Our powerful love connected it all, but at the moment it was overwhelmed by the sheer animal need for our incest.

The tightness of her sex and the sensation of her brother's stiff cock stretching her wide became one and the same, as well as the wondrous play with her hard nipples and their taught, stiff toughness in my fingers. There was no sense holding back now; I could feel her own mind boiling, thoughts dissolving completely as our sibling-bond shared my pleasure and hers through the link. My cock, ready to burst inside her, was the only picture in her mind. "... Ohhhh yeaahhh..."

My balls churned, as they are wont to do - and I felt the volcano explode, firing rope after rope of thick cum into my sister's secret place. She cried out silently, mouth wide as my messy explosion flooded into her mind as well, filling it completely and washing back into my own thoughts as I felt echoes of strange, feminine pulses surging out of her center. Together, our bodies moving in an almost-forgotten primal motion, we experienced a single massive orgasm, split between male and female bodies.

I slammed myself into her a few more times, emptying my balls completely as her body writhed to some unheard music. We played with her breasts together as the pleasure continued to splash her thoughts into a mess, our shared pleasure extended by the pulses she felt around her sex... they always lasted a bit longer for her than with other girls.

It's not possible to keep such an intense and intimate link for very long... or wasn't at the time, at our level of experience. I eventually let my spent cock slip out of her, and again collapsed into the co-pilot's seat. She stayed in her bent-over pose for another few moments before turning around and letting herself fall into my lap, leaning into my shoulder and placing her head near my neck. Our bodies, coated with light sweat, kept us more than warm in the cool and thin air of the cabin.

We watched Osana approach together, the city skyline now more than just diffuse light; individual buildings could be distinguished, as well as the tiny airport. Docks and boats were visible at the sea, and off to the far western side we could see the lights of the secluded Banana Boat - our base there. I felt Emily shift, sitting directly atop my soft cock now - but it wasn't sexual, she just wanted to talk up close and personal.

"Wanna tell you Ben..." Emily's face, inches from mine, seemed as beautiful as ever in post-coital glow; our foreheads touched, and I felt her sincerity and love, and she let across how much she'd missed me - thoughts of nights spent alone, drinking too much wine as she thought about better years, when we were together more, just two kids in an impossible situation. She'd spend hours going through old pictures, sometimes frigging herself to thoughts of me... but most nights just wanting to be with me at all.

My sister smiled as she moved away, only an inch or two. "I told the Uruguay kids... I'll be a bit behind schedule moving in there. Maybe a year." She kissed me again, with a feeling buried inside the impulses I got - giddy at a momentous decision. "I'm staying with you. Wherever you go for the next year or so, I go."

Hmm. Once, we never could have spared her from her executive roles in our peacetime efforts, but... that had been a long time ago. Things were still in a horrible state of affairs, to be certain, but I supposed it did free me to be with my sister. "And what if I announce some huge offensive today? All hands on deck and head to the front lines again?"

"Like hell you would. But if you did, I'd be there with you." She stared at me, glowering for a moment, then shrugged. "Osana's about as close as you can get to that at the moment anyway."

I laughed, agreeing. Chances were she'd just be spending more time in the Vault with me, but I'd welcome her company there. I sure needed it, and the extra help with the nine kids we had there would be no less welcome.

Satisfied, we both took some time to catch our breath and let our renewed love sink in as we watched the city approach; Emily slid back into her pilot's chair on final approach, not bothering to get dressed again save for her headphones. The plane slipped through a cloud, and I gave my sister another kiss - a few moments later, it broke, and we dipped beneath the cloud to see the shining light of Osana fill the windows.

It was a cacophony of multi-colored light, like the Hong Kong of the Mediterranean - but without the money. Lamps and the old-school bulbs of a million homes and offices ran from the interior of the main island, all the way to the waterfront.

It made a stark contrast to the scattered, dim lights of the larger southern island, visible to the far left - that was what most would have thought of as 'Malta' proper, when Emily and I were young. Hopefully we'd avoid the subject of the other island during this visit.

The long artificial peninsulas on either side of Osana housed countless people, some even below sea level - built with a fleet of hand-me-down AC robots we'd given them after the bulk of Elysium's construction was done. The glint of the countless blue-white LEDs keeping the city awake and moving was garish, though it made the aging orange-yellow sodium lights of the city's airstrip easy to spot.

Emily brought us around and set us down alongside the strip, the small plane's jets going vertical a few moments before landing. There wasn't any security worth calling that - and Farhad had us all on special license anyway. I heard Emily start the hatch opening cycle in the back, and a loud hiss sounded from the pressure equalizing, as well as various creaks and groans as the engines and frame cooled.

I held Emily's blue neoprene in front of her as she took her headset off. She smiled, taking the shoulder of it in her teeth as she tapped on a few more old-school switches. Stepping into the back again, I got dressed for the second time in the hour and walked back to Bethany and Naomi; Bethany was searching for her clothes, having only found her bra and shirt thus far, while Naomi hadn't bothered getting dressed, and had a hand pressed to the side of her stowed hardsuit.

I suppose most of you never would have met Naomi. They have a term now for what she became - one of the Lost Mothers. She would have hated that name. Naomi's short black hair didn't quite go to her shoulders, and her bangs ran to just over her eyebrows; gorgeous, sharp-cheeked Asian features and vivid, dark eyes both made her alluring - and sensual as hell too. An incredible athletic figure and handful-size breasts came together to make her look like something between a tennis star and a model.

Naomi flashed me a wicked grin before she slapped the lozenge-shaped hardsuit, which unfurled into boarding mode. She turned, facing me and standing spread-eagled, and stepped backward into it as it opened and accepted her inside, closing around her nude form in seconds. Once closed, a few hisses and sounds and it was sealed, covering her in a matte black composite.

It hugged her figure admirably; the flight hardsuits all did, of course. Each still had to be built to custom and extremely specific dimensions for the person inside it, to the point that even gaining or losing a few pounds could throw off its calibration and break its environmental seals in flight.

She looked like a feminine robot, almost human save for the smooth helmet she wore, the four stubby wings - more for control surface and mountings for the hyperfans than actual lift - and the two heavy power cylinders jutting outward from her back. Her arms, feet, and shoulders bristled with weapons, as well as a few others hiding within bulges on the sides of her thighs and a belt-like thing on her waist.

At the time, our male and female hardsuits differed quite dramatically. We were limited by basic facts of hominus sexual dimorphism. The female suits were lightly armored - less than a quarter inch over most of the body - and were intended to fly full-time in combat. My own suit, which was also in stowage mode, filled half the width of the fuselage, and weighed almost eight times as much as the girls' versions. It was an old assault suit, dated but still what I trusted most.

Naomi's voice came over speakers, unnaturally clear. "Going out for a spin. See ya." She hopped backward, impossibly agile with the assistance of the suit's muscles, kicking off the ceiling once then bolting out through the narrow gap of the opening hatch, igniting her pack in midair and rocketing outward and up into the night sky... leaving us to wave off the blast of heat and reactant-tinged air in her wake.

I frowned, shaking my head and seeing Bethany roll her eyes. There was one fortunate side effect - Bethany's black panties came floating through the air, carried aloft by the blast of thrust, and she deftly snatched them with her fingers as they flew past. Smiling to herself, she sat down to put them on, then her skirt and sandals.
