 I am the most interesting person you could ever hope to meet. This is no exaggeration on my part. Let me start this whole thing off by telling you that everything that you know about the world is wrong. Ok, not exactly wrong, just not complete. I could tell you of things that would make your head spin clear off your shoulders. Things that would make the bravest of men run for the skirts of their mothers. Things so beautiful that one brief look would burn your retinas. For the most part things of these magnitudes are not so common, but they do exist. Magic exists. Which brings me back to me being the most interesting person you could ever meet.

There are thousands of magical beings and creatures out there. Think of every bedtime story and fairytale you can and any creatures in them most likely exist in one form or another. Unicorns, fairies, elves, dwarves, griffins, pegasus, and the list can go on. There are also the less benevolent creatures like vampires, demons, minotaur, succubus, zombies, Cyclops, and this list is just as long. When I say less benevolent that does not necessarily mean evil though. In my experience there are very few entities that I would describe as just pure evil, or many that would be pure good for that matter. Everyone has a little bit of both in them; me more than most. I am unique in the magical encyclopedia.

My mother was a werewolf and my father is a vampire. This, while being extremely rare, is not entirely unheard of and there are a couple of werewolf/vampire hybrids running around out there; No, there is a bit more to me than that. For reasons that have not been disclosed to me, when my mother was pregnant she drank angels' blood and dragons' blood every day. This being blood of magical nature it penetrated my amniotic sac and slipped into my DNA. I have no idea how they managed this because even being able to wound either of these beings is an almost impossible task. You get why you will never meet anyone like me yet? I mean, how often do you see a werewolf/vampire/dragon/angel hybrid? Anyways this all comes together to create me: Cole Hunter.

Since you are dying to know what the freaky hybrid looks like I will get right to it. My height is about 6' 2". Sometimes it can change depending on my mood. Nothing freaky like 8 feet tall but it can vary by an inch or two. For the most part I stay consistent though. My hair is midnight black and somewhat long for a guy. In the back it almost reaches the top of my shoulders and in the front goes to the middle of my eyes. I like it this way because my eyes are my most noticeable feature being a deep, bright gold, slightly angled up and I like to keep myself inconspicuous. My face is smooth, never having seen a blemish in my whole life. My nose is straight and my cheekbones a little prominent. Not enough to make me look skinny but enough to make me look a bit sharp. My body is inhumanly (no pun intended) toned and sturdy. My muscles are not bulging like a guy on steroids or anything but they are noticeable and a little bit scary, when I want them to be. 

Now to the fun stuff: what can the mutant hybrid do? For one I can use magic (I will explain how magic works later) and as far as I can tell I am really gifted at it. My skin is very hard, not bulletproof, but hard enough to break the hand of any fool human that decides to punch me. I say human because magical creatures would be able to penetrate my skin eventually. I can run extremely fast. Not fast like the Flash, but fast enough so that I am all but a blur to anyone who is not magical (and even quite a few who are magical). My strength is ridiculous. I can move several hundred times my own body weight with ease and there seems to be no limit on my endurance (I would later find this to be wrong).

All of my senses are highly acute. I see and hear for miles, and smell rain days before it happens. I can feel the slightest shift in the atmosphere. You already know about my height shifts but I can shift in other ways too. My canines can become sharp and prominent like a vampire (or a wolf, I guess) and my nails elongate and become pointed. I have the ability to run on all fours but I do not do it much unless I am chasing something way faster than me (hey I never said I was the fastest in the world). Oh and here's the real kicker: I am immortal. In addition to all of my natural abilities I have been training in several martial arts since I was two days old. I have fifteen black belts and I can use a wide range of weapons from a wooden club to a sword to sniper rifle. 

Having just read all that you must be thinking that I am pretty much the most overloaded person ever. Well that is not true. I am only 18 years old after all. While I do have many natural abilities due to my hybrid nature, I am still young. There is much that I have yet to experience and learn about when it comes to the magical world. There are creatures out there thousands of millennia old that could wipe the floor with me without getting out of bed. In time I would probably be able to best them but time is not always a luxury you have in the magical world, even if you are immortal. Like in the mundane world we have power struggles and fights. Various factions trying to get the upper hand over the others. To do this they need power. To get power they can do three things: find or make magical items, recruit powerful members, or steal the power of others.

This is where my problem comes in. Eventually, they will learn about me and come seeking me out, either to recruit or strip me of my power. And I am not really the joining type. I just turned eighteen today, which means in the magical community that I can now be challenged. When a magical being turns 18 a sort of beacon flares up around them for a split second, like when you throw a rock into still water. The more powerful the being the more powerful the beacon. When I turned the beacon was so powerful it shorted out all the lights in my city for a few minutes. Weaker creatures do not really have to worry about factions because, well, they are weak. However they are bound to come for me. It is just a matter of time.

I live in New York City (I know, cliché) with my dad, the vampire. His name is Blake, by the way, and he is a whopping 327 years old. Like I said earlier, there is rarely a creature that is pure good or evil so all the stuff you think about vampires going on killing sprees needs to be thrown out. I am not saying that it does not occasionally happen but for the most part they are discreet and rarely kill when drinking. My dad is the one who trained me and to date, I have yet to beat him in hand-to-hand combat. Like I said, there is no replacement for experience. I am currently enrolled as a senior in Ben Davis High School in Manhattan. 

Now you would probably be expecting me to be the captain of every sports team but I am not like that. It is not that I have any aversion whatsoever to using my abilities in order to get ahead, it is just that I prefer a low profile. Must be the vampire in me. I have always been more of a 'man behind the curtains' kind of guy. After all, they are the ones with the real power. I do not really have any friends and I do not mind that at all. Looking like the son of a god insures that I still get invited to the best parties and events where I can pick up pretty much any female I please. I am not a man whore by any stretch of the imagination because my encounters with these ladies rarely goes beyond me going down on them, which I excel at since my tongue can stretch to about six inches. I do not masturbate afterwards either if that is what you are thinking. I tried it once out of curiosity and I got nothing at all from it (which with my senses is really saying something).

Personality wise I can appear to be pessimistic and unfeeling. This is not really true I am just a really stoic person. I am exceptionally intelligent and being so rarely show emotion as I prefer to analyze what others are thinking and feeling while leaving them in the dark about me. This does not mean that do not feel it I just do not show it all that much. I find Kevin Hart as funny as the next guy and I will laugh at his show with everyone else but I laugh much shorter and quieter than others. Embarrassment is the one emotion that I absolutely do not feel. I find it completely and utterly pointless as it does not help the situation that generates the emotion any. For instance, let us say that my clothes get stolen and I have to walk home naked. I would do it without the slightest hint of red entering my cheeks because that would not make me get home any faster or make my clothes appear out of thin air. I find that people who get embarrassed at every little thing annoying and have a rather hard time dealing with them. The way I deal with it is I take a careful second to think over this situation and respond accordingly without all the useless stammering and blushing. 

My story starts on my 18th birthday, September 1, 2012. It was a Tuesday. I got out of bed at eight thirty and did my daily routine to get ready for school. I find it kind of absurd that in addition to my magical education I have to go to school, but magical beings still have to operate in the human world. I got up took a shower, brushed my teeth, you know the things you do in the morning. I had my stuff all ready to go and was heading out when I saw a box on the kitchen table. I had a writing scrawled on it saying: 'Happy birthday. Have a good day and be careful. It will not be long until they start coming. Enclosed in this box is a dagger I had special made for you by dwarves. It is forged from star metal. I am sure that you will recognize the functions it can serve. I know that you prefer swords but you could hardly carry one with you to school. Dad.'

I opened the box and looked at the dagger. It was breathtaking. The blade is iridescent black, 9" long and 4" wide, thick as my pinkie finger. The edge was so sharp it looked dangerous just sitting there and possibly may have been enchanted as the air became shimmery around it. Running up the rib in the middle is a shiny gild of ancient Japanese kanji saying 'always prepared'. The crossguard is also of gold with a gentle upwards curve towards the tip. The hilt is black with two thin spirals of gold running in from the bottom of the crossguard to the top of the pommel. Three slender golden ribs extend from the bottom of the crossguard and inside of them is a black diamond the size of an egg shaped into a point from three pentagons. The gold ribs run up the side of the diamond and fade to nothing half an inch from the tip. 

It is the most beautiful dagger I have ever seen and I have seen thousands of daggers, some heavy laden with jewels, gold, and inscriptions but none of them match this work of art before me. I reach out and as my hand wraps around the hilt my hand is cut on a sharp edge of the diamond. My blood seeps into the stone and it shines bright and light spills from the kanji. I recognize this as the blade accepting me as its owner. Due to enchantments placed on the diamond this blade can only be wielded by me or someone of my choosing. The dagger would fly from the hands of anyone attempting to use it and if necessary, wound or even kill the culprit if they kept trying.

I immediately recognized some of the uses for this dagger as my dad had said I would. First, star metal is one of the most magically conductive materials out there. This meant that I would be able to channel my magic into the blade to augment it. There are many methods of augmenting weapons, which I will get into later. The diamond on the pommel could be used to store magical energy to use at a later date. On closer inspection, I saw that it was already enchanted to absorb ambient magical energy. This dagger is truly a marvelous piece of work. the hilt was just as nice, black with gold engravings of a dragon twisting around it with an angel at the top. 

Before we can get to the rest of the story I need to give you a basic overview of magic. Magic is all around us. It is quite literally in the air, which is the ambient magic that my dagger absorbs. However the magic in the air is weak. The most potent source of magic resides in living beings, like me. Not everyone that is magical can use magic. Werewolves and vampires, for instance, cannot use magic. They can use the gifts magic gave them, like rapid healing and super-strength, but they cannot use magic itself. 

But what IS magic? That is a long and complicated answer and the way I can best put it is that it is energy. Not normal energy like solar or electricity, more magical. Magic users, like witches, wizards, or warlocks (there are hundreds more but not the time for that) can manipulate this energy to accomplish their wills. This can be done through various methods like channeling, enchanting, potion making, or speaking the magical language. The whole art is a very subtle and dangerous thing. Magic is divided into categories which divide into classes that have subclasses that have specialties and it goes on and on. 

One of the important things to know about magic is that there has to be balance. Imagine that I am an elemental mage. If I was to master fire and lightning then I would not be able to learn water. It is possible to learn multiple classes of magic but mastering one is difficult enough on its own. I am a bit special in magic. Seeing as how I have so many different natures in me I am able to learn competing types of magic, like the fire, lightning, and water thing. There are others who can do this through much practice and manipulation but it comes to me naturally. But again I am only 18 so my skills are still not as good as they will be after a hundred years. Magic is a skill that takes several immortal lifetimes to master, even in one as gifted as I. 

My most skilled area of magic is elemental, primarily lightning and air. I can use the others well enough, except for earth, I suck at that. I am decent at alchemy, which is working with magic on the atomical and molecular level. I can use this to change states of matter or even blow things up by accelerating the molecules. When it comes to healing I am a beginner, seeing as how I regenerate quickly on my own. My father one broke my tibia and it healed by the end of the night.

My name is Cole Hunter and this is my story.

This is my first story please give only constructive criticism. If you must insist on being an ass about my story then at least don't be a pussy and comment anonymously. Regardless of the kind of feedback I get I will continue this series.