 Hello

*I made a couple of mistakes on my last submission

1. the diamond comes out of the pommel, not the crossguard

2. it is the scabbard, not the hilt, that has the angel/dragon design on it

*I haven't fully decided what direction I want this story to go yet so it will be moving a little slowly.

I left our apartment, after strapping my new dagger onto my arm, and hopped into my car, a black 2012 Chevrolet Camaro Zl1. If you have not noticed by now I rather have a thing for the color black; in fact the only articles of clothing I own that are not black are various suits, dress shirts, and ties. 

It only takes me about ten minutes to get to school because I drive like a demon, no pun intended. Almost the second I walk through the door, Desiree is at my side. Desiree is nineteen and without a doubt the hottest girl at school and she has a thing for me, of course. She is tall, about 5' 11" with dark red hair halfway down her back and pale, flawless skin. Her face is heart-shaped with big, pouty lips. Shocking blue eyes the color of sapphires gaze at you as if she can see your soul. She has amazing breasts, a 38DDD if my eyes are correct (of course, they are) and they are so firm that she hardly ever wears a bra. The rest of her figure is just as curvaceous, with a flat stomach and flared hips that lead to the most beautiful ass you can imagine. Her legs are long with just a hint of muscle definition that looks oh so tantalizing when she wears heels.

I always politely rebuff her but she just keeps coming back. It is not that I do not find her attractive, I do, it is just that my situation with girls is complicated. You see, werewolves mate for life. Once they consummate a relationship it is almost impossible to split them, especially the females. Something about the magic in them makes it impossible for a female werewolf to enjoy sex from anyone other than their chosen mate. It is not like this for the males wolves are one of the most monogamous animals in the world and this trait passed on to the werewolves. Since I am part werewolf any female that I have sex with becomes attached to me. I doesn't even have to be sex; once a girl was jacking me off and some of my cum got on her tongue and I practically had to use a crowbar to keep her away from me for the next few months. The bond is not fully developed through oral sex but it is still powerful stuff, especially for a human, which is why I only go down on girls. 

Now you are probably thinking that I am a virgin but that is not so. I have had sex exactly one time, back when I was fifteen. It was with a senior during spring break and I regretted it for months. This was before I knew how much of the mating bond I had inherited so I did not know to be careful. To make a long story short, after six months I had to buy a potion to erase her memory of it after she would not leave me alone. I am never going through that again. Anyways, back to the present

"Happy Birthday Cole!!!", she said excitedly. I just looked at her and asked, "How did you know it was my birthday?" She stared at me mischievously for a second and then said, "A girl has to have her secrets now, right?" I thought about it for a second and deciding it was not worth it, I let it drop and just said "thank you." We continued walking down the hall towards our first period class. She was chattering to me nonstop and I only grunted occasionally in reply. Desiree gives off the impression that she is not too bright but I can see through it and tell that she is quite intelligent. I do not know why she hides it and never bothered to ask, figuring she has her own reasons.

We enter the class and she breaks off from my side as we go to sit at our own seats. I sit in the back of every class and sleep because I already know all the material that the teachers cover. It drives them crazy how I never pay the slightest attention yet still ace every assignment and test they care to throw in front of me. As I doze I get the strangest feeling that I am being watched. Having been trained to never ignore my instincts I do a sweep of the room. No one is paying me any attention except for Desiree. She is staring at me intently and when her eyes meet mine, she slowly blows me a kiss and winks. 

Discounting my feeling to nerves I put my head back down. The rest of the day goes just like that until fourth period, which I have free. Glad to have a break from the monotony of class I hop into my car and drive to a nearby park. It is not large by any stretch of the imagination but it is secluded and allows me time to meditate. My father taught me meditation at a young age, impressing upon me the importance of having a clear and focused mind. I sit Indian style and allowing my breathing to deepen. Slowly, my thoughts slip away and my whole world is composed of my breathing. 

This continues for five minutes, then ten, then twenty, and thirty. My meditation is broken by fluctuations in the air. I slowly open my eyes and standing in front of me are four men each wearing black and red cloaks with the hoods pulled up over their heads. Each is gripping a staff with onyx spheres on the top and the bottom narrowing into a sharp point. "And so it begins," I say under my breath as I sigh and stand up.

I look at them with my hands at my side and my body in a relaxed posture showing that I was going to attack. One of them stepped forward and began to speak in a low, breezy voice, "Hello young one. We are the Order of the Ravens and we would like to formally invite you to join us. We realize the difficulty in being a lone magical entity and want to make this as easy for you as possible." I just looked at him, trying to figure out what they are.

After a few second I replied, "What if I do not want to join you?" At this question all of their hands tightened around their staffs but that was the only sign of agitation. The speaker spoke again saying, "That would be most unfortunate. We are a very powerful organization and could offer you much in the way of protection and training against some of the more...unsavory characters out there. If you were not to ally with us I fear that you might meet a very unfortunate...accident."

I snort at the barely concealed threat and just shake my head. "All the same I think I will take my chances. Sorry to you for having made this trip for nothing. Now if you will excuse me I will be having to get back to class. Good day gentlemen." I turn around and take a step before I duck and roll to the side. The speaker had swung his staff at me and had I moved a second later he would have gotten me in the side of my head. "Big mistake!" he hisses at me as they move to surround me. I give a big sigh and with annoyance in my voice I say, "I am afraid you are the ones who have made the mistake. You should have just walked away." They slam their staffs into the ground and each say a word in the magical language and a light red barrier appears around me. 

I reach my hand out to touch it and quickly pull it back after my palm gets sliced right down the middle. It heals in a few seconds but I am wary to touch it again after that. They seem to be sorcerers but not all that skilled from what I can see. The barrier is made of pure energy, which would usually keep anyone from crossing it but they adding a revulsion article to whatever spell they used to keep me from touching it. It seems that they intend to trap me until they find a way to subdue me. As if I would let that happen.

Seeing as how I have not had a decent fight in a while I decide to let loose a little bit. I reach into myself and call on my magic and use it to shatter the barrier. This releases all the energy used to create it and a concussion blasts out but we all manage to keep out footing. They shout in anger and rush me all at once. I allow myself morph into my more feral form and go to work. First, I get out of the center by tackling one of the sorcerers to the ground. My force carries us a good fifteen feet from the others and I use the time to quickly rip out his throat with my claws. He gurgles for a second and then his eyes glaze over and the body stops moving. I fluidly get up and turn to the others, flicking blood off my claws as I do.

They look at me in shock for a second, taking in my incredibly long and sharp claws and canines. My eyes burn bright gold and I rush them. The one closest to me swings uses the point of his staff as a spear and lunges at me but I sidestep and get inside his lunge. I grab his wrist to immobilize the staff and with my other hand, I shred his chest. His eyes go wide and he lets out a scream before I throw him onto the next advancing opponent, who buffets him aside with a blast of energy. The last two surviving sorcerers, having gotten used to my speed, are preparing to cast spells at me.

I raise my own barrier of compacted air designed to leech away the magic from any attacks directed at me. It has no impact on their physical aspect but if it is magical in nature then it will be suppressed and then die out. After seeing the kind of barrier they made I am certain that they are only good for purely magical attacks which is why I chose this barrier. They raise their staffs and the onyx on the ends glint in the sunlight. Energy blasts out the onyx straight at me but is stopped by my barrier. They are panicking now, having seen one of their number's throat destroyed and the other eviscerated, with none of their attacks working. I retaliate with my own magic and bolts of lightning arc from my hands and strike them both in the chest.

The lightning blasts clear through their chests and they fall. I hear whimpering behind me and see the one with the shredded chest trying to crawl away. I bend over to touch him with my palm and using alchemy I stop the motion his atoms. His body turns into dust in seconds and there is nothing left of him. As I turn to get up I hear a 'twang' and move just fast enough to catch and arrow around the shaft that would have hit my clavicle. 

I look up and on the roof of a low story building across the street is another one of the Order. He is placing another arrow into his bow and with a groan I go to finish this. Before I can even cross the street I see someone else, a girl. She is climbing the building like a monkey and it looks like a fire is trailing from her head as the red hair streams out behind her. She gets to the top and the bowman sees her and pulls out a knife.

I run my fastest to get there and make it to the top of the building in just six seconds. The bowman and the girl are fighting him with a knife and her with a clawed gauntlet. The man is not bad but he is obviously outclassed by this girl. She locks his knife arm between her elbow and torso and digs into his body with the claws. His body puffs up and blood flies from his mouth and eyes. The girl releases him and his dead body falls to the ground. She turns to me and I am only slightly surprised to see Desiree. She smiles at me and says, "well this is one way to spend your birthday. Not the way I would have chosen but to each their own, I suppose." 

Desiree and I settled into the leather seats of my car. I had quickly disposed of the bodies by deatomizing them and had put their staffs in the trunk, after all you never know what might come in handy and I might learn something from studying them. Deciding to blow off the rest of school I looked at Desiree and bluntly asked, "What are you doing here?" She gives me her mischievous smile and says, "Well when I saw those guys watching you during class I decided to tail you myself for awhile and see what developed. I must say I am impressed with how adeptly you disposed of them." As she finishes she wraps her hand around my biceps and starts rubbing. I look at her in confusion for a minute while she just stares playfully back at me. "You are obviously magical but I never sensed it from you. What are you exactly?" She keeps staring at me for a little before answering.

"The reason you never sensed me is because I am human. Well, half-human I should say. It makes it easier for me to mask my aura." She looks at me like that should have been obvious and moves her hands to my shoulder and chest. "Okaaay are you going to make me guess what the other half is?" She is rubbing circles in my chest and brings her mouth to my neck and gently bites down on the tendons. Her tongue sneaks between her lips and glides sensuously up my neck until she finds her way to my ear and whispers huskily "succubus".

My body automatically goes into defense mode. It is not outwardly visible but I am slightly more tense and ready to go off at the drop of a hat. She does not seem to notice this however and is continuing her exploration of my body, her hands slowly moving down my torso. Her tongue resumes its attack on my neck with unhurried licks. After a moment to assess the situation I decide that for the time being I am in no danger and relax.

"So what was that weapon you were using? What it did to that archer was.....interesting." Desiree gives a little laugh at my question and drags her nails across my skin. "They are called 'Tserovas'. They are basically just a clawed glove. Mine are made out of mithril and they have tiny holes on the tips of the claws and even smaller holes all over the back of the hand. Air collects in the holes on the back and is channeled into the claws. I use magic to compress the air to get as much as possible in the claws. All of the air is released on from the tips on impact. I use them because it can turn even the smallest scratch into a death blow." Having finished her explanation she returns her tongue to caressing my body.

Even though I am trying my hardest to concentrate I am still an eighteen male and her attentions to me are proving to be quite distracting. Finally tired of it I pull her face up with my hands and look at her for a second. Her eyes are glimmering with amusement and her hands continue their business. With a growl I attack and our lips meet. Her lips are just as soft as they look and pleasure from this simple contact sends fire through my body. My fingers stroke her velvet smooth face and entangle themselves in her hair, pulling closer until an atom would be hard pressed to find any room between us. 

Releasing one of my hands I push my seat back and put it as far reclined as possible. While the seat back is going down I am pulling her on top of me so she is straddling my waist. Firmly situated, my tongue slinks out of my mouth and without the slightest hesitation hers meets mine in the middle. My senses are overloaded as she tastes like the sweetest strawberries and her tongue feels heavenly against mine. Her tongue continues its journey and goes into my mouth and I am shocked, just for a moment, as it keeps going and going until it is almost in my throat. I smile around her tongue and extend my own. As we are locked in our tongue wrestle I pull up her t-shirt.

We disengage so her shirt can go over her head and my eyes get locked on her breasts. They are the color of pale caramel and for all their size, do not sag a micrometer. Her areola are about three inches in diameter and her nipples shoot out of them like bullets. They are the longest I have ever seen, and I have seen more than my fair share, at almost two inches. I lean forward and capture one in my mouth and she lets out the most erotic moan in the history of the world. Her body curves back, pushing more of her breast into my mouth which I eagerly do my best to swallow. My right hand goes to the other breasts and starts doing circles that progressively get smaller and smaller until I am teasing the nipple, barely scraping against it again and again. 

Her hands are pawing at my body. I think I hear cloth shredding but am to occupied with my new toys to give it much thought. I feel her hands on my now bare chest and gooseflesh rises wherever she touches. We are both breathing heavier and our movements getting faster and rougher. My unoccupied hand dived between her legs and slipped into her shorts. I am pleased to find that she is not wearing any panties and my fingers start stroking her pussy. She is so wet that it feels like my fingers are swimming. Another moan rips out of her throat and her pelvis starts swaying in response to my fingers and I place one over her hole. I pause for a second before jamming it in. A shiver a pleasure courses through her body and she begins to ride my finger.

My lips leave her nipple, which is now puffy and red, and goes back up to her mouth. She voraciously swallows my tongue and digs her nails into my skin, dragging them down my chest. After only a few minutes her thrusting becomes urgent and her body is trembling. She pulls her mouth from me and lets out one long moan as I feel her vaginal muscles squeeze and contract around my fingers.

Desiree drops down onto my chest again, panting. Her mouth reaches up to mine and we resume our tongue wrestling. After a minute her hands go down to my crotch and start rubbing my boner. She releases the button on and her hand snakes to my fully erect cock. Right before she reaches it I groan and with light speed grab her wrist. She looks up at me in surprise. "If you are worried about me being part succubus, don't. You do not have to worry about me draining the life out of you." I just look at her.

"That is not the problem." She looks back at me with confusion.

"Then what is the problem exactly, because I have never had a guy turn me down."

I carefully look her over and say, "I am a werewolf. Since you are not a full succubus I am guessing that if we went any further you would be a victim of the mating bond."

She looks back at me in shock and for some reason a little anger. "You can't be a werewolf. I have been able to sense you for years now. There is no way a werewolf would be able to radiate magic the way you do, so stop lying to me. Whatever the reason is-"

"I am a werewolf!" I say cutting her off. "I also happen to have a couple of other things in my blood. The mix makes for....interesting effects, one of which is that the mating bond only goes one way. "

Desiree scrutinizes me for a moment and then "So you have never had sex with anyone?"

"I did once and it was enough of a nightmare to convince me to never do it again until I found someone I actually want to be with and who wants to be with me."

Again she looks at me for a while before saying "I could be that someone....."

This time it is me that stares at her in shock. Truthfully I would not mind having Desiree mated to me; she is definitely the hottest women I have ever seen but I do not know enough about her for me to seriously consider this. Plus, there is the whole sex demon who sucks the life out of you part to deal with. "Why exactly would you want to do that? Even if you did not drain the life from me why would you want to only have sex with me for the rest of your very long life?"

"Maybe I should fully explain how this whole half-succubus thing works. First of all, I can't drain the life out of anyone. Like a succubus I can gain energy through sex but since I am not completely one I can't kill anyone that way. Also, I do not have to have sex for energy. I eat food just like a normal human. I am super strong, fast, and can use magic as you obviously know. My lifespan is long. I am going to look like this for hundreds of years and live for hundreds past that."

I take a minute to process all that and it does make sense. After all, I am part vampire and I can drink blood for sustenance but I can also eat regular food. There are a few things that I need to know though. "Where are your parents exactly?"

A faraway look comes into her eyes. "My father is an incubus. He impregnated my mother and stayed with her all the way to my birth. While I was inside my mother she got weaker and weaker because I was consuming the life from her, which is one of the reasons why incubi rarely impregnate women. When I was born it killed her and I was raised by my father up until I was fourteen. For a demon he was surprisingly alright. He never killed women and he only had sex with those he truly loved, which numbered in the hundreds. He left me on my own to go do his demon thing without it affect me. Being hundreds of years old he has quite a bit of money so I don't have to worry about that."
