 Sorry this is taking so long. I have had so many unexpected things happen over the last few months. Also, I am still unsure of the direction of this story which makes it hard to write, even when I do have time. I am trying to avoid falling into what I call "Batman Syndrome", which is when the character is surviving when he should quite obviously be dead. I also have to watch out for the reverse of this, "Superman Syndrome", which is when the character is obviously superior to the enemy that it isn't fun to read at all. 

*

What to do, what to do? This is not an easy decision for me at all. I know what most guys would do in my position: fuck Desiree at the nearest opportunity to do so. I want to that as well; trust me every fiber of my being is just waiting to jump at her. However, I was trained to remove my thoughts from the influences of my body, be they, pain, soreness, illness, or lust. If I do this with her then I will be spending the foreseeable eternity with her and I have to be one hundred percent sure that is what I want. 

These are the thoughts that consume my mind on the way home. The indecision really irks me because there are few things I hate more than indecisiveness. Most decisions are just not worth the time and effort people put into them. This one is different as it will definitely change my life in ways I may not have even thought of. Being brutally honest with myself, I have to admit that I want her. Badly. I have only had sex once and didn't even really get to enjoy it because the girl turned into a raving lunatic ten seconds after I penetrated.

I know that sex with her would be amazing. How could it not? She is half succubus and there are precious few individuals who could hope to compete with a succubus when it comes to sex. 

Sex aside, would it work? From what I could sense, she is not as strong as me, but then pretty much no one our age is. I think that she's strong enough to run with me though and if she isn't then I will make damn sure she gets to be. She is smart. Even though I pretended otherwise with her, I had pretty much always known how smart she is. She is also sneaky and cunning. She would have to be to escape my notice for as long as we had known each other and tail me on top of that. Overall I guess I can see it working.

However, I am not the type to just jump into something. I have to find a way to test her and I know just the thing. Within minutes I park my car in the garage provided by our apartment building and make my way to the top. My father rents the top two floors so we have them all to ourselves. The right wing on the top floor are my quarters and they consist of my bedroom, dojo, armory, and relaxation room. I drop the staffs from my dead attackers in the armory and go to the dojo.

I stand in the middle and clear my throat. With a fluidity that no creature with a vertebrae could accomplish, my shadow detaches itself and flows upward until it is standing upright. For those of you confused right now, it isn't my actual shadow; that is still connected to my feet. It is instead a shadow golem.

There are many, many types of golems; fire, water, air, earth, ice, flesh, cloud, lightning, nature, lava, just to name a few. Basically a golem is created by gathering the desired element into a container of some sort. Since mine is shadow no gathering was needed since it is always attached to me anyways. Then a piece of the soul of its master is imbued into it to give it life and power. The power of the golem is a reflection of the power of the soul used to create it. This is an oversimplification of the process but you got the general idea. Mine was made as a gift for my tenth birthday by a shaman conjurer my father had hired. I named him Shade (stop your bitching about the name, I was ten).

Since golems are created with a piece of the master's soul their personalities also reflect the master. So Shade knows exactly what I want and without further ado, leaps at me. Shadow golems are difficult to fight since you can't actually get ahold of them. Pretty much the only way to harm them is magic or a weapon that emits light of the perfect intensity, so they make excellent sparring partners. You can't harm them and unless they want to, they can't harm you.

As I mentioned earlier, I have mastered a wide variety of martial arts. This is not quite true though. If tested I could get above a black belt in each and every one of them but I never trained that much for them. Instead my father taught me the basics of each one; the stances, blocks, strikes and so on and so forth. He then sparred with me for many hours every day until I created my own style that is an amalgamation of the others with a few of my own personal moves thrown in. The result is quite impressive if I do say so myself. It is versatile and flexible, accounting for combat in small spaces, armed opponents while unarmed myself, opponents of superior strength, speed, or both, and pretty much any other scenario. Not to say it's perfect; my dad still kicks my ass every time we spar but each time he ends up more limping than walking away while I lay on the mat waiting for my body to recover.

Shade's attack is swift and lethal with a quick spin kick to the side of my head. I bend backwards and twist into a capoeira-style spinning kick that he dodges effortlessly. He retaliates with a palm strike to my solar plexus and I grab his slightly solid wrist try to put a lock on it but he manages to slip away. Our sparring session continues for the next hour with neither able to gain the advantage. I am the more capable combatant, of course, but Shade makes an excellent partner.

At the end of our session Shade reattaches himself to my shadow and I make my way to my room. I meditate for the rest of the night and open my eyes to the new day.

Seven forty-five sees me standing by the entrance to the school, watching the hordes of students enter. When my eyes catch Desiree walking in my hand flits to her arm and pulls her out of the throng. She looks at me with no surprise as if she had expected that. Without saying anything, I let go and walk away. As expected her footsteps fall into sync next to mine and off we go. I take her to the football field which I knew would be deserted this early in the morning. Once in the middle of the field I stop and turn to her piercing blue stare.

"So what's your decision?" she asks with the tiniest bit of nervousness that I can only detect due to my supernatural ears. I stare her into her eyes for a minute before speaking. "I have decided that I want you with me." She starts jumping and squealing at that so I cut her off with, "however my life is not going to be easy for the next few years at the least. So if we mate together I have to be sure that you can handle it." Her bubbliness disappear and she scrutinizes me for a second before asking, "And what did you have in mind for a test exactly?"

I let loose a little smile. "You have to make me take one step backwards. It doesn't matter how big or small, just one step." At that she lets loose a laugh.

"And what if someone looks out the window and sees us fighting like an old married couple? You know the rules on exposure." I look back at her with a withering glance and draw on my power, gather water which I swiftly cause to boil with alchemy and then create a force field around the football field to keep the newly made water vapor in. "Now no one can see us and you have the advantage of my footing being less stable due to the water. Begin."

She moved like quicksilver and went for my chest with an open palm strike. I could feel the air pressure she had built up in her hand to blast me back so instead of just letting her hit me like I usually would, I put up my forearms in a cross block. Her hand strikes my arms and the release of air creates a shockwave that clears the mist around us. I see her blue eyes flashing and she drops low for a sweeping kick and I jump up into a kick flip aimed at her head.

Desiree swiftly evades and withdraws some shuriken from some unfathomable location on her skintight clothes. She launches six of them at me in rapid succession but I catch the first two and throw them back, deflecting the rest. "Come on you have to do better than that. And there is no way you will be able to hit me if you're only moving half-speed."

She snarls and her eyebrows furrow at that. Again she lunges at me and what follows is a rapid trading of blows. I manage to parry and dodge all of hers while still getting my own blows in. I never actually hit her, I just let her know that I could have if I wanted to. Quickly tiring of the monotonous rhythm, I draw on my magic and blast her back using pure force. It wouldn't actually hurt her since all I did was push but it would force her to regroup.

A growl of frustration comes from her lips and she claws at the ground in anger. I smile at this and it serves only to incense her more. 

Suddenly, her countenance shifts and she stands straight. She slowly walks towards me with some sway in her hips. Wary of this inexplicable change I raise my guard. When she reaches me, I am not ready for what she does next. Desiree rips her shirt down the middle exposing her perfect tits to my eyes. The sheer unexpectedness of this move distracts me for a second (literally one second). By the time I am on my guard again, it is too late. Her hand is again coming towards me in a palm strike augmented by air pressure. Without time to do anything else I dig my feet into the ground and try to steady myself to take her blow.

What I don't count on though is the ice beneath my feet. I look down to see the grass covered with a thin sheen of frost and my eyes widen in surprise right when her hand lands on my chest. The air blasts me like a cannon and with no traction on the ground I am thrown several feet back. I manage to recover in midair and land on my feet in a crouch. I slowly lift myself back up and look at her.

"Well that was certainly a tactic I've never faced before. I assume you made the ice when you were hitting the ground and used as little magic as possible so I wouldn't notice?"

She smirks at me and said, "Yeah well, I obviously couldn't take you in straight combat so I had to expand my options a bit. Now, are we going to do this or what?" She slowly stalks towards me but there is one more thing that needs clearing up so I hold up my hands to stop her.

Annoyance flashes through her eyes as I start speaking, "Before we do this I need to ask you a few questions. First, how do you feel about Superman?" She just stares at me like I'm crazy so I stare back to show that I am being one hundred percent serious. She sighs, "I think Superman is an idiot and a pussy. He has all the power in the world yet he limits himself out of fear. He constantly lets himself get thrashed before finally getting serious and beating the guy up in ten seconds. He always walks into obvious traps and acts surprised. He keeps throwing villains in jail instead of killing them even though they always get away and kill a few hundred people before he throws them back in jail. So overall, I don't have a very high opinion of him. 

"Ok, how do you feel about torture?"

"I believe in doing what is necessary. If that means I have to paper cut someone a few thousand times and then throw them in a pool of lemon juice, then so be it."

"You're starting to sound more and more perfect. Ok, one last question: are you absolutely sure that you are fine with me being the only man you ever sleep with for the rest of your life?"

At this her eyes go from wary to smoky and seductive. A tilted smile grows on her lips as she says, "Yeah I'm cool with that. The great thing about being a succubus is that I swing both ways and I am pretty sure I am not going to be the last female you sleep with." I don't even blink at her words because I know that she is right. It has never been in my plans to be with only one woman throughout my long existence.

I raise my hand and the mist around us condenses until everything before our eyes is pure white and I fade into the mist. Disoriented, Desiree spins around looking for me. I jump out and tackle her until we are lying on the ground, me on top of her. My claws come out and shred the remainder of her clothing, revealing the rest of her devastating body. Michelangelo, Raphael, Donatello, and Leonardo would be hard pressed to find any flaw to improve on her.

My eyes glow bright, two golden orbs piercing the veil of mist. Desiree's breathing has accelerated and this sends her orbs bouncing. With quick, almost invisible movements I remove my clothes from my body. My dick is ready and waiting, having been erect since the day before. Usually I can control my dick with ease, sending it up or down with a thought but not having gotten off in years tends to make a guy lose control. I place myself at her opening and with another hand gesture, I cause the mist around our bodies to dissipate while keeping the rest to shield our activities.

With my dick poised between her pussy lips our eyes lock, bright gold on piercing blue. We hold each other's gaze for about ten seconds and then I push in. You can't even begin to understand how great this makes me feel. Not even two inches in and the amounts of pleasure I'm feeling would be enough to send a human male into a four hour orgasm, which he would probably die from. Her tight pussy pulls me in further until I am suddenly stopped against a barrier. Surprise flits across my face. The idea of her being a virgin never really occurred to me. After all, who expects a sex demon to be a virgin? Barely even a second passes when her legs coil around me and forcefully jerk me forward until our pelvises meet.

The feeling of being inside her is like nothing I have ever felt before. Like I told you, I'm not a virgin but the one time I have done it before is like comparing a spark to a supernova. Liquid fire courses through my body, radiating from my cock trapped deep inside the red-haired goddess spread out before me. A low growl escapes from my lips and I start moving inside of her. Slowly at first, but we rapidly escalate into frenzied rutting. There is no love in this. Neither of us are familiar enough with the other for that yet. What there is, however, is passion. Literal sparks fly between us as my control over my power lapses and spills out.

For those of you who think you have felt great sex, you are sorely mistaken. You have not had anything close until you have been between the legs of this fiery succubus. My body is a blur as I retreat and then slam back into her and she thrusts herself up at me with just as much vigor. Minutes pass and then an hour, then two, and yet we continue with no drop in energy. Her body has shaken multiple times in climax yet I push on and on. My control over my body really is extraordinary and I am determined to make this first time one she will remember for all eternity.

Finally, at just about the three hour mark, I feel my control slipping. My mind frays at the edges and I totally lose it. I slam into her with abandon, utilizing my complete strength. It really is a wonder I didn't break her. Lightning bolts flit through my body (metaphorical, just to be clear) and I snap. A disturbingly draconian roar erupts from my throat at something else erupts from my dick. I look at Desiree's face, my roar still echoing, and am lost in the rapture I see. Her face is sweaty and her hair all over the place. With surprise I feel my energy draining out of me. Her face reanimates as if struck by lightning. I can feel it now; my draining power flowing into her. I am not afraid, as I have more than enough to sustain the amount she is taking from me. On an impulse, I bend forward and with my fangs bursting forth, bite her in the neck.

Vampires have a type of...opiate, I guess you could call it in our fangs. It keeps our prey from running once we sink into them. It also heals the bite marks once we remove ourselves from them, if they don't die that is. The blood streaming into my mouth is possibly the best thing I have ever tasted. My power flares up and coalesces around me in a gold mist. I feel the energy coursing through my body and still flowing into Desiree with even more force. I don't quite know how to explain it; she is taking energy from me but I am getting it back in a different form from her. My power grows and hers does as well. It is like a positive feedback loop.

Finally I have no more seed to give and I retract my fangs from her neck and roll myself over to her side, pulling her on top of me as I do. We just lay there for a few minutes, coming down from an incredible experience and basking in the afterglow. "You really know how to show a girl a good time", she says in a semi-lucid voice. I chuckle a place my hands on the side of her face. 

"So how do you feel?" Curiosity over what had happened while we were screwing is driving me crazy.

"I don't really know. I guess I'm tired but also energized, if that makes any sense." It makes perfect sense to me. I can feel her heart beat on top of me, beating like a squirrel on speed even though it should have slowed down by now. In contrast to her rapid heartbeat, her body is languidly draped over me. I kind of feel the same myself; my body is teeming with energy yet I am still weary from our activities. I place my hands on the side of her face and place a gentle kiss on her soft lips. It goes for a few seconds and then we part. She sighs and opens her eyes to look me in mine.

Surprise jolts through me as I see her eyes. Where before they had been sapphire-like blue, they were now encircled by a ring of bright gold. My gold. I have the ability to see the minute differences in the colors of light, and the bands around her eyes are the exact same wavelength as mine. Desiree gets up, clearly confused at my behavior. "What's up with you now? You're moodier than a bipolar pregnant woman with multiple personality disorder," exasperation evident in her voice. At this, I break out of my thoughts and give a little smile at her comparison.

"It's nothing that cannot wait until later. For now, we need to do something about your clothes." At this I wave my hands over the tattered remnants of her garments and they realign and reform themselves. "Well that is certainly a trick that could come in handy" she says and wiggles her eyebrows. I pick myself up off the ground and pull my pants back to my waist. As I am drawing my shirt over my head, for a split second I feel a disturbance around me right before I am thrown on my back.

Pain thunders through my body and blood flows from my chest, where there is a hole right through to my heart. I let out another roar, this one unmistakable as anything but pain. Desiree immediately drops to my side while pivoting her head, looking for whoever sniped me, I assume. My vision is shaky and blurry around the edges causing her face to be indistinct. I can make out her lips moving but no sound reaches my ears except for the roaring of blood through my body.

This goes on for minutes until I finally manage to get a handle on it. With a growl I flip myself over until I am face down and get on all fours. My claws come out as I raise and my right hand to my chest and with great agony, thrust my thumb and first two fingers into my heart. Again I roar at this new intrusion but I soldier on until the tips of my claws grasp the bullet. Slowly and carefully I pull it out. As my fingers exit my body I collapse back onto the ground and let out a low groan.

After a few minutes everything stabilizes and I am able to focus on things outside the pain. My vision returns and I can hear Desiree demanding I get better and the unspeakable things she threatens to do if I die. I take a few deep breaths, as deep as I can manage anyway, I concentrate on ignoring the pain. Working past pain was part of the training my father put me through. He often made my fight with broken limbs, knives sticking out of my body parts, and much more. I cannot say I ever had to work with being shot in the heart before though. The pain fades from the forefront of my existence, still there but not a priority at the moment.
