 ***Disclaimer, all parties are fiction and over the age of eighteen. Enjoy!***

Alan came to in the white round room again. He was motionless on the slab again. He was naked again. They had taken him. Again. He could move his eyes but the invisible force held him in place as usual. 

"Can't these assholes at least make an appointment or something?" he thought to himself angrily. 

There would be the scanning and the touching and, yes as humiliating as it was, the probing. And lastly would be the ultimate humiliation of them getting samples from him. It was a sterile, clinical thing and he hated it as much as he hated anything they did to him. Struggling was futile but it gave him something to do.

This time, however, something was different. Usually there were two of them at his side, just barely in view. Their slender bodies with their bulbous heads and large black eyes staring unblinking at him as they worked. This time there was a third. And his head could move. The third one was something different. It or rather, she, looked mostly human. And she was nude. Where the others were thin, she had human curves. She was slight, with a girlish figure. Her breasts were small but still clearly that of a woman. Her sex had a wisp of light hair, but was clearly human or at least appeared compatible with human. Her head was still just slightly larger than human and her eyes darker and again slightly larger but other than that normal looking. Her hair was white blonde, down to her neck but slightly unkempt. He got the impression she wasn't sure what to do with it. Not 100% grade A human, but with sunglasses and a hat, she could pass for human in a crowd with no trouble. 

"Or even at a dinner party." The thought, though his own, jumped into his head. It suddenly hit him that she was beautiful. 

The others moved to their regular position to his side, but she came directly to him. She reached her hand out and touched him on his chest. His heart began to pound. Before, the probe would initiate his erection, probably by stimulating his prostate. This time his member rose on its own. He did not see how, but she climbed up onto the slab with him, her eyes never leaving his. 

Suddenly he was embarrassed. Before with these...things, (he refused to think of them as people) he felt angry and humiliated. Something about her was different. It was like seeing a hot girl at a party and suddenly she comes straight for you and you are not prepared to deal with her.

She straddled him, and before he could realize what was about to happen, her vagina slipped down over his penis and he felt her alien vagina wrap all too human warmth around him. Her scent was as human as any woman's vagina he had encountered and it surrounded him. He gasped in shock, but also in pleasure. She began to raise and lower her hips. His head rocked back, her body starting to sing with his. Her eyes continued to watch him emotionlessly but he could feel her breath in short gasps. Suddenly he climaxed and his seed shot into her. She seemed to gasp, her large eyes closing in an...orgasm? Then suddenly she was off of him. There was a flash of light and he was back in his room. The rest of the night he just lay in bed, thinking of her.

***

Three months later Alan was driving home late from work. He had stayed behind to help get ready for end of the quarter closeouts and had lost track of time. It was a chilly fall night and he found his mind drifting as he took the usual path home. His reverie was interrupted by his cellphone ringing. Pulling over to the side of the road, he pulled out his cell phone. The call was some sort of spam credit card offer that he would usually not bother answering but he was worried it was someone from work. He sighed. Put the phone back in the holder on his dash board and prepared to get back on the road. 

Alan signaled and was about to pull out on when he saw the lights coming in his rear-view mirror. He gripped the steering wheel in annoyance. The light came closer, then stopped behind him. Cop car maybe?

"Well shit", he thought. 

He looked around for his wallet and reached over for his insurance and registration when he wondered why it was only white light. Then the light surrounded him.

Alan was naked on the slab again. This time is was just him and her. Again, his head couldn't move. She was above him. She was touching him. She mounted him, working his cock with her lithe body. Her breath increasing again. The entire time her eyes staring into his. This time he thought he saw a hint of emotion, desire maybe? He wondered in his mind, is there anyone in there? 

"Yes," was the reply in his mind. It was emotionless, like stating a fact. But definitely feminine.

"Do you even enjoy this?" Alan asked her.

Her eyes went wide in confusion and she cocked her head to the side-a very human gesture. 

"Enjoy?" Was the answer in his mind. 

He was about to elaborate when his cock shuddered and once again she received his "sample". They lay there, her still on top with him inside of her for a moment staring in each other's eyes. There was movement to the side and she turned her head as if startled. 

Suddenly light flashed and he was back in his car. Naked.

Dammit.

***

A month later Alan was sitting in his bedroom reading. Fall had seriously kicked in, but he enjoyed being curled up in his bed with his comforter so he had not turned the heat up. He was about to scroll to the next page when he noticed the background noises had stopped. The air became motionless, like he was suspended in water. Then he felt the familiar sense of detachment as paralysis start come over his body. 

"The hell!" He thought, "They never come this frequently!"

The beings entered the room from his closet. Trapped, they glided over to his bed and grabbed him gently. They reached through the blankets and lifted him up through the ceiling into the chamber that he was starting to see way too often.

Once again, there was only one other being present and he recognized her at once. The others, the greys, were usually just that. Nondescript. Uniform. Mechanical. He often doubted they were truly individual beings the way humans were. 

She was different. He had noticed last time that like a human, she had tiny irregularities; the unique shape of her smallish nose, a freckle on her shoulder, the shape of her smallish breasts with their quarter-sized pink nipples. Normally he would struggle but he felt calm. Maybe because she was a known quantity. But maybe it was something more. Something rush of adrenaline she stirred in him not because she was an alien but because she was in the ways that mattered all too human.

She walked over to him slow and deliberate. Her hand, near human but with long fingers, brushed over his body gently, as if she was seeing it for the first time. It started at his check then down his neck and across his chest, teasing his penis, but then trailing down his leg. Maybe it was Alan's imagination, but he could swear he could hear her heart beat faster. His male shape seemed to fascinate her. The differences in muscle structure and hair and his sex organ. Her hands moved back tracing all these things but again, lingering on his penis. It began to stiffen and she watched the transformation with something akin to human interest.

She then did a very human thing and licked her lips as she made eye contact with him to establish control then slowly climbed on top of him.

"Wait", he thought to her. She paused, staring in his eyes.

"I won't hurt you, but let me move a little." Her eyes narrowed, untrusting of his motives.

"If you let me, I will try to help you enjoy it more." Her eyes widened in surprise.

For a wide moment, she sat motionless above him, still straddling him but not putting him inside her as she usually did. He could tell she was weighing her options. Risk versus gain.

"You will not be allowed to hurt me," she replied, her voice firm in his mind.

"I-I don't want to," he answered. "But let me please you and maybe we can both enjoy it!"

She nodded. He felt the force that was on his right hand and his head relax. He could now move them but felt like they were under water. The movement was slow and deliberate. She would not allow herself to be taken by surprise. Well, he thought smiling to himself, not in the way she was worried about. 

His hand carefully moved to her face. It was his turn to caress her cheek, he shoulders, her differences. Her skin under his fingers was indiscernible from any other woman he had ever touched. Mirroring her earlier touch, his hand made its way down her neck and to her sternum, exploring her sensitive spots. Unlike her hand though, his strayed to her left breast. He gently stroked the sensitive underside. From her mouth came a tiny whimper, the first vocalization he had ever heard her, or any of her kind, make. Taking courage, his hand caressed her nipple. Looking down he saw her vagina began to moisten and his cock throbbed, eager to join with her. She slid closer to him once again, but he put his hand up to stop her.

"Not yet," he sent to her mentally, "savor the moment." 

She blinked in surprise but then nodded. 

He continued to stroke her breast, then reached back as far as he could and rubbed his hand along her back, then to her arm, dragging it down to her hands, then reversed his grip and interlocked his fingers with hers. 

Unable to wait any longer, she merged her body to his as their mutual ancestors had done for millennia. Together they gasped; having made a true mutual connection for the first time. 

"YES!" Filled his mind as she psychically cried out.

He moved his hand behind her back and pulled her head and torso down to him. She conceded slowly, her eyes now closed in pleasure. He brought her tiny breast to his mouth, the heat from his breath causing her nipples to harden. He raised his head and his lips wrapped around it, causing her to cry out and arch her back, puling it out of his mouth. She began to rock up and down, his hips thrusting to match. He felt his other hand be let free and using both he grabbed her breasts and squeezed as she bounced up and down on them. She cried out louder and increased her pace. He began to grunt back, a strange savageness filling them both. Her arms clawed at his chest as the primitive pleasure-seeking animal in her took over. They both bucked wildly and for the first time, an orgasm wrought of mutual desire and fulfillment shot through both of their bodies. 

"Don't stop! Don't oooooooohhhh!" filled his head and he obeyed willingly and with every ounce of strength he had to give her.

His penis shuddered and for the first time he willingly filled her with his semen. Unlike before when he was reluctant to give up what was taken, he gladly thrust himself in her as deep as he could manage and shove every last drop in her. 

Exhausted, she collapsed on top of him and his arms shifted from her breasts to her back. He held her, his hands stroking up her spine. He dark eyes opened and looked into his, a smile crossing her mouth for the first time. He leaned up, smelling her almost human breath, and touched his lips to hers. She stiffened for a moment, eyes not leaving his, then, giving in to the moment kissed back. His tongue slipped between her small lips blowing her mind further as it caressed hers. Again, she resisted at first, slowly relaxing into it, she kissed back. 

Then she seemed stiffen as if caught, and almost embarrassedly, climbed off of him and stood to the side. Shocked, he stared at her, her eyes no longer meeting his. In the corner of his eye he could make out two forms that had just entered the room. He felt, admonishment maybe? 

The light flashed and he as back in his own bed. He looked down at his penis. It was still wet from her. He touched it and brought the dampness to his nose where he sniffed her scent. She had unknowingly left a part of her with him. He would not stop thinking about her for days.

***

A week later, Alan felt something in his room and stat up quickly only to see two of his usual large-headed visitors standing at the foot of his bed. Normally he would be filled with dread. However, anticipation filled him. 

The flash of light and he was back in the room again. This time when he woke on the table he was unrestrained. She stepped into the light towards him. Her nude body shining in the room. He was of course naked himself. He sat up, smiled at her, and patted the seat next to him. She cocked her head at him in curiosity. 

"Sit please," he thought to her. 

She walked over and almost shyly sat down and looked at him, unsure what to do next. He put a hand on her check and leaned forward, their lips touching. Quickly remembering what a kiss was about, she kissed him back. Their tongues danced for a long while until he drew back, a string of saliva coming from their lips. 

She allowed a smile to cross her face and he leaned over and nibbled her ear. She gasped and her hands reached out and touched his chest-her hands exploring his breast, his abdomen, his stomach. 

"Lean back," he thought to her. 

She complied and climbed over her for once. At first, a look of uncertainty crossed his face. He smiled reassuringly, then leaned in and took her right nipple into his mouth, then kissed up and down her chest. He felt her breath increase and a small squeak left her mouth. He would do his best to teach her what mouths were for he decided.

"Your hands are not meant for that," she thought to him as his fingers brushed her pubis, then down to her clitoris. 

"Hey," he thought back, "I'm the expert here. Just relax and enjoy yourself."

She gasped as his fingers expertly caressed her clit, his fingers making small circles. He reached into her wet labia for lubrication then went back to the circles. 

She clawed in pleasure and whimpered. "Now what are you-" she thought as he slid his mouth down and his tongue explored her cleft. Hoarsely she began to cry as the orgasm tore into her. 

"YES! YES! YES!" her thoughts rang through his head. 

Now that she was satisfied, it was Alan's turn for release. She grabbed him and pulled him to her. He entered her, at first worried that he would crush her but she wrapped herself around him. Overcome with lust he plowed into her sopping pussy. She was ready for him. For the first few moments he controlled the pace and rhythm, her syncing with him in unearthly unison. Then his control faded under their mutual desire and he kept thrusting, harder and faster. His orgasm built inside until his penis began to shudder and once again he came inside her, filling her with his sperm.

Rather than stop, he slowed his pace as he wound down. She moaned as he gently slipped out of her, his excess seed dripping out of her. He rolled to her side and they lay next to one another, panting in recovery. She leaned forward and kissed him, her fingers running through his hair. 

"Alan," she said and he was shocked that she referred to him by name, "I-"

Suddenly they felt the presence of the others in the room. A look of surprise and shock came over her face and she turned to them. There was a flash of light and he was back in his bedroom. He was alone.

For the next few nights he hoped they would come for him. At first, he stayed in his room, laying naked in his bed waiting for it. Then he started driving, going out of his way to go down secluded roads and isolated areas where no one would see them take him. After three months, he gave up.

*** 

Six months later he was in the room, motionless on the table. He saw the two greys out of the corner of his eye. A third form joined them and his heart began to pound. It was not her. She was the same size and similar shape, with dark pixie hair and tiny breasts. Her nipples were darker, almost chocolate in color. A strange contrast to her pale skin. There was no recognition on her face as she walked over. It was clearly going to be all business.

"Where is she? "he thought to her.

The hybrid looked down at him, her face emotionless. She did not answer him. And why would she? One did not talk to lab specimens. She thrust up and down on him, their sex reduced to a mechanical function. Eventually his body betrayed him and his sperm shot into her.

His felt dirty. Like he had betrayed her. A being whom he never learned her name, if she even had one. 

***

It was after midnight when he heard the knock on his door. Groggily he climbed out of bed. Nothing good happened at this time of night so he grabbed an old baseball bat he kept in the living room for just this sort of occasion. 

He opened the door a crack, then wider as his jaw dropped and the bat fell to the floor with a loud clunk.

She was there in the doorway. She had on bright green sunglasses, a blue baseball hat, a dull grey sweater that was clearly several sizes too big for her, and corduroy pants. On her feet were flats that were slightly mismatched as if someone had grabbed them from a pile and just assumed they were close enough. He grabbed her and pulled her in, holding her tight and whirled her around. Her arms flailed wildly as if to protect herself from attack but then he held her close to him, his face buried in her hair. Her arms stopped their movement, then slowly wrapped around him. Later there would be explanations and answers and figuring out what came next. For now, they were together. That was enough.