 Introduction.

It was commonly known as The Big Joke. The question of whether or not we were alone in the universe was answered with a resounding uh... kind of? Maybe? From a certain point of view? When humanity achieved contact with extra-terrestrial intelligence they found themselves talking to other humans on another Earth. At first it was thought that perhaps they were receiving a convoluted echo or had inadvertently communed with a parallel dimension, but that was not the case. Soon thereafter more Earths were found and the full extent of The Big Joke began to be realized.

By current estimates it is generally thought that one in every ten thousand stars has an Earth orbiting it, meaning at least a hundred thousand blue-green globes in the galaxy. There were differences between worlds, however it seemed that the galaxy had been the victim of a lazy assed copy-pasting deity. Many lab coats were burned, yet humanity's spirit of discovery could not be quelled even if its sense of wonder was severely bruised.

There was plenty of mystery to go around. Not least of all what or who had made evolution behave like a program rather than a natural process. As science progressed and shaky communication lines were established between Earths people discovered that their similarities ended at genetics. Cultures and societies had developed in wildly different ways even on a single Earth. The only shared historical milestone was the arrival of the angels.

Technically there was nothing supernatural or divine about them, yet terming the visitors as angels was a common enough consensus to stick. Although a minority of Earths had abandoned religion, the vast majority had at least had several during their history and human-like metaphysical creatures were a frequent feature. The comparison to angels was apt as the beings were telepathic and remarkably empathetic. Also, they glowed white.

The angels traveled within huge spaceships that bopped the speed of light on the nose and thought the supposed law was cute. They would always appear after an Earth had made contact with another Earth, never before, with the official reason of the angels being 'in order to soften the blow.' For all intents and purposes they were an intergalactic seemingly benevolent diplomatic pity party.

They were often met with fear, mistrust and violence, helped little by the way they circumvented governments, yet they were so far beyond even the most advanced Earth that they had nothing to fear. Some Earth powers attempted to hide the existence and arrival of the visitors, however when said aliens could effortlessly hijack most all media devices and telepathically reach anyone without access to said technology, cover ups were equally futile. The angels had something to say and the message was for all and not just the select.

As well as bringing messages of peace and hope they also offered an invitation. A thousand humans from each Earth were given the opportunity to join the angels and journey to their own world, or more precisely the world they designed to cater to the joys humankind could experience. The place had many names, but the angels often referred to it as its more overblown title; The Hyper-Dynamic Planet of Pleasure.

The Cat

Rosa hid within her mouse costume, showing not an inch of her skin and tried to act as unassuming as possible. She had been mostly successful in avoiding notice, though one of her fellow passengers had asked if she were a furry. The woman did not know what a furry was and would have been reluctant to identify as one if she did. Where she came from entertainment was strictly controlled and monitored to never contain any sexual content. Sex was dirty and should never be discussed or explored. 

Of course repression almost always leads to perversion and Rosa's particular flavor was the anthropomorphic cartoon animals that filled her world's television screens. The cartoons were meant for propaganda and moralizing, however for Rosa they were the fuel for her sexual fantasies and wet dreams. She did not choose her degeneracy, it chose her.

She envied the black and white world the animal characters lived in whereas in her own no good deed went unpunished and punishment was swift and brutal. She found her escapism in designing and creating costumes based on her man-animal fantasies. Rosa was poor, however she worked in a clothing factory that left huge piles of waste from which she pilfered pockets full of fabric and lint. It was technically stealing, a crime that often left caught perpetrators maimed, yet Rosa could not resist feeding her obsession. 

Rosa fashioned dozens of masks and costumes in the little free time she had, though her progress was often slowed by waking fantasies of furry hands spreading her legs apart so that snouts could ravage her intimately. Her fingers were frequently used for more than sewing. 

Even just using leftovers, Rosa became highly proficient at her insuppressible hobby and was currently hiding within one of her creations, a girdle and waistcoat sporting white mouse. She was still unconvinced that she was aboard a space faring technological miracle and not some over-elaborate pervert trap set by the government. Her anonymity was the last bastion of defense she had and even if she knew it was a flimsy one, she would not give it up easily.

She was a little taller than the average woman with creamed coffee toned skin and possessed the slim build of someone forced into a day to day struggle of making ends meet. The girl still possessed ample hips and bust, a fact she kept hidden to avoid unwanted attentions. Against the expected style she kept her dark frizzy hair short, more for practical reasons than any strong desire to rebel. 

The transparent saucer slid below the cloud layer with a silent grace that Rosa would have thought impossible were she not standing within it. Truth be told, almost all of her recent experiences had been beyond what she believed possible. Standing within a see-through spaceship as it descended towards an alien planet had to be the highlight so far though. 

All around her people screamed and gasped. In any other situation she would expect such cries to be ones of terror or grief; not so here. Here her fellow humans were expressing excitement and awe. It was so bizarre; only a week ago she had been on her own Earth just trying to get by and not get noticed, now she was looking down on an entirely alien planet.

The first thing she noticed were the colors. Everything below her was illuminated in cascades of lights. Huge graceful spires reached up towards her even as the saucer descended towards them. As she got closer she noticed that a lattice of wires crossed between the peaks upon which people clambered and shot across via what she guessed were zip-lines. Rosa held her breath when the shuttle dipped down to weave between the upper layers of the suspension cable playground. Some of the tourists waved at Rosa and her fellow new arrivals and she shrunk back into her costume reflexively at the attention. 

Rosa got a fright when a couple of people landed on top of the see-through shuttle with a muffled thump. She risked a glance up through the crowded vehicle, expecting to see masked law officers announcing their arrest, however it turned out to be children making faces against the clear surface. She let out a nervous giggle; surely this could not possibly be a hoax, it had to be real. The kids flew off using some kind of jet pack as the saucer moved on from the tangle of spires. 

Back in clearer airspace the girl in the white mouse suit dared to push into the crowd in order to get a better look at her surroundings. Past the spires were scores of buildings in the forms of spheres and ovoids. Like the craft she was in they were mostly transparent and within she could see thousands of people. Each globe seemed to house a different activity; one contained a strobing light show where people danced, in another the crowd seemed to be floating or flying, a further sphere held an orgy.

It was the most graphic thing Rosa had ever seen. Despite premarital sex being illegal, she was not a virgin, yet she had never seen other people in the act of procreation, let alone so many at one. Flesh writhed against flesh in such a concentrated press that it would be impossible to try and count individuals. Often only changes in skin tone was enough to tell where one person started and another ended. Rosa's mouth went dry as she could do naught but stare. Others around her noticed the orgy and there were smattering of gasps and curses, however the girl barely noticed transfixed as she was by the scene. 

"We will be landing shortly," a serene voice announced from seemingly everywhere at once.

She felt shock, followed by shame, followed by embarrassment. The woman looked around for the runway to distract herself. Past the forest of spheres there was the most normal thing she had yet seen, a commercial district featuring shops and roads, further afield she spied an actual forest. There was no landing strip to be seen and she wondered exactly how and where their glass ship would discharge them.

The shuttle slowed its descent, Rosa's apprehension rose. What was going to happen? When she was visited back home by the angel she had not hesitated in taking up its offer of temporary escape, yet as her trip through space had gone on she had developed more and more doubts. Disembarking and standing on alien soil seemed like it would be the ultimate betrayal of her home, a final nail in her coffin. 

"Hello, Rosa. Do not be afraid," the voice said to her. It felt different than when it had made the previous announcement, more personal, and not just because it used her name, "I'm speaking to you telepathically, so there is no need to speak; just 'think' at me. Try it."

The girl almost ignored the voice as it was all too easy to give in to self-pity and loathing, however her need to be polite made her reply, "Um... ok. Hello?"

"Very good!" said what she assumed was an angel, "How are you doing, Rosa? I felt something was wrong. Would you like to talk about it?"

"You read my mind?"

"No, we don't do that without permission. I merely sensed that you are becoming distressed."

"I'm fine," Rosa lied.

"Forgive me for presuming, but I do not believe you are."

Rosa sighed, "Want do you want?"

"Merely to help you."

"And how do you intend to do that?"

"Well," the voice in her head said, "One service I can offer is to actually read your mind and fast track you to a resort most tailored to your needs. I get the sense you are not comfortable here whether it be the crowd or maybe travel sickness?"

The girl surprised herself by saying, "Fine. It won't hurt or anything right?"

"The process is entirely painless and instantaneous."

If she were a traitor to her home then she had nothing to lose, right? "OK. Do it."

"Done," the angel pronounced, "Oh, you're from that Earth. My sincerest apologies."

Taken aback, Rosa asked, "Why?"

"It is improper for me to express opinions about a person's home world. But to answer your question; that Earth is one of the most oppressive within its sector and I will say no more than that."

The Earth she was from had a bad reputation? That both sickened and relieved her. If other humans lived in better situations than her what did her sense of loyalty even gain her? Rosa was here as an escape and to enjoy herself and maybe now she could try to do it without guilt.

"So what now?" The human asked.

The supernatural being replied, "As promised I can get you fast tracked past the induction process and straight to a resort. You should pick up a guide device first, though. Do you have a preference?"

The next hour passed in a blur as the shuttle set down without her even noticing, literally dissolving itself into a large reception terminal. The angel was true to its word and she was taken aside rather than joining a queue. The girl was given a guide device, a pocket sized piece of plastic with a display screen, and directed towards the nearest mass transit station.

Instructions on her guide took her aboard what she could best describe as a floating train and she was speeding through landscapes faster than she hope to try to remember. Rosa only caught up with herself when she found herself sipping fruit spiced coffee on a restaurant balcony overlooking a forest that somehow reflected the city lights shining down upon it. 

****

As the stairs along the cliff face wound down below her, Rosa wished she had taken the elevator. At least the view was beautiful as the tree canopy below her sparkled like water in the late morning light. For the first time in a very long time, the woman had slept in. She had not meant to, yet between the exhaustion and excitement, she was not surprised, only a little disappointed. 

She had quickly showered, breakfasted, put back on her mouse costume that she had left in a cleaning machine and left. She briefly considered exploring her immediate surroundings, however her curiosity at finding out exactly what the angel had recommended was too strong and she consulted her guide for routes into the forest. Her legs were regretting that she had chosen the scenic path and her suit was beginning to chafe, but she did not slow her pace.

When she finally descended past the thick leafy layer and into the forest proper, Rosa was happy to see that it was not dark with shade, but lit by green and blue shafts of light that kept the winding pathways illuminated yet still hid shadowed mysteries. The woodland's floor was mossy and soft without being waterlogged and the gave the woman a sudden desire to walk barefoot. 

She checked her guide which told her that she had arrived at her destination, "Thanks, that's really useful," she grumbled at it.

The forest was beautiful, quite easily the most beautiful she had ever seen, yet Rosa could not help but feel a little disappointed. There did not seem to be anyone here. She had been expecting and also dreading meeting the people that the angel had decided shared her interests and now that did not appear to be any she was a little put out.

Had the angel thought she needed some time to herself alone? That seemed wrong as, having at least temporarily quashed her fears, Rosa wanted to dive headlong into an adventure on her miracle vacation, not wander through an elaborate garden. Could the telepath have made a mistake? Was that even possible? She sighed, picked a direction and decided to try and make the best of it. The forest seemed huge and who knows what lay deeper within.

So she set off at a leisurely pace, following a path rimmed with large indigo flowers with crystal petals. As she wandered, she absently wondered whether the flora here was grown or built. It was all so perfect that it must need to be tended by an army of gardeners, yet she still never encountered a soul long past when she lost sight of the cliff she had descended. 

It was probably past noon, though it was tricky to say with the thick canopy obscuring the sky, when Rosa decided she may as well head back. She was not hungry yet, she was well accustomed to going without lunch back home, but she was becoming bored. The girl made a little prayer of thanks for her guide, without which she would have gotten lost a while back. She used it to plot a different path back out of the forest as she would feel ungrateful to the angel if she did not at least try to enjoy the experience. 

She made it a dozen more paces when someone hissed at her, "Hide!"

Rosa almost jumped out of her mouse skin, "What the f-" she just barely stopped herself, "Who said that?"

"There's no time!" whispered the voice, "He's almost here."

It was weird; the hidden person sounded more excited than panicked. There did not appear to be any sign of anyone or thing approaching, so the woman looked around for the origin of the sound and spotted a pair of eyes in a nearby bush. The eyes were strange, seeming black and watery and all of a sudden Rosa realized that they were not human.

The girl took a step back in shock and the owner of the alien eyes called after her, "That's right, shoo! Find your own hiding spot."

"What are you?" Rosa asked. 

The thing grumbled in frustration, "You're going to give me away! Find somewhere to hide quickly."

"I-" the girl started but could not remember what she had meant to say.

"Oh for goodness sake, fine. Hide here with me if you must, but quickly, quickly."

Rosa hesitating for only half an instant before taking the thing up on its offer. Whatever it was seemed more jittery than hostile and harmless enough. Getting past the shock left the human more curious than all else, so she scurried over to join the creature in the bush. 

She had no idea what to expect, some kind of alien maybe? This was an alien planet after all. Yet, what she beheld was disturbingly familiar. It was a person, identifiably human and female, however she was also an animal. She had short brown fur all over her otherwise naked body, her hands and feet were clawed and knobby, her ears were large, tufty and round, and her nose had long whiskers and was long and pink like her nipples. Rosa blushed.

"You're a mouse, like me," the human breathed.

"Hardly," the animal person said exasperatedly, "I'm a vole."

"Ok," Rosa said, "So what are we hiding from?"

The vole girl regarded her with her wet black eyes, "You're new?"

"I only got here this morning. You're the first, um, person I've met so far."

"Oh wow," her bush sister squeaked, "I'm so jealous! The first time is so intense," then she froze, only her large ears twitching, "Shit. He's here!"

"Who?"

"Run!" 

Without any further warning, the vole girl burst from their cover and dashed away on all fours. Caught by adrenaline the human rushed after her, she had so many questions. Rosa's attempt to keep up with the creature person proved quickly futile and she fell behind. She glanced behind her to try and catch sight of their pursuer, however saw no one, not even disturbed foliage. Just before the vole vanished from sight, Rosa called out to her; she did not turn around.

"Sh- I mean sugar!" the mouse suited woman cussed. 

Running in the costume was strenuous work and she came to a dejected halt. Without warning, she was knocked off her feet and pinned with her back to the forest floor. Rosa choked as the wind was crushed out of her, she tried to curl up in a ball, yet was stopped by a weight pressing down upon her, holding her flat. Large, warm hands grasped her shoulders, which she blurrily noticed were covered in sleek black fur. They also had long, deadly white claws. She tried to scream, however her lungs were still empty and she managed only a frantic sputtering. 

"My, oh my. What do we have here? A little mouse for supper?" a deep silky voice purred at her.

Rosa's bleary vision continued clearing to reveal her attacker's face. A moist black nose topped a sharp smile containing four huge canines. Large pointed ears accentuated his already angular features. His most striking features were his eyes though; wide, round, a brilliant amber with vertical black slit pupils. He was a cat. 

"So, what is your safe-word, morsel?" he purred.

Breath just returning she asked, "Safe-word?"

"We can go without if you wish, though be fairly warned; I am ravenous for some cream right now," he accentuated his words with a thrust of his hips making Rosa acutely aware that this cat man was as naked as the vole girl.

He wanted sex? What kind of twisted place was this? The angel had read her mind and sent her here specifically. The girl with a sexual fetish for human-animal hybrids was now being aggressively hit on by a cat person. Rosa finally got it; the enchanting forest was just a backdrop for lurid fantasies, her lurid fantasies to come true.
