 The afternoon was coming to an end with the evening slowly coming. I got off work (even gods have to make a living) and was headed home. While on the way, I had a chance encounter on public transit. I was sitting in the back of the bus and at a stop, a very plain looking woman stepped on. I didn't really pay much attention at first but something she was thinking caught my attention.

Let me take a break from the events just to let you in on one of my favorite ways to kill time on public transit: I use my powers, for lack of a better term, to read into people's surface thoughts, for most of these people what they happen to be thinking as they get off work and their plans for the evening. I know it sounds like boring use of mind reading and even an invasion of privacy but trust me, I'm not doing anything malicious and I find people's inner self fascinating; it's just curiosity really. If it helps ease your mind, I just use my senses of feel out your surface thoughts and emotions then I say 'what an interesting person', nothing more. Back to this plain looking woman, a striking thought of hers caught my attention. I was taking cursory scans of the people boarding:

"...I think I'll make chicken for dinner..."

"...I'm so exhausted. The Burns account is gonna kill me..."

"...and just rent a movie afterward..."

"...Fuck...can't cum here. Just hold out a little longer..."

I did a double take at that. I thought, no that can't be right, my mind is playing tricks on me. In identifying the person thinking that alleged thought, my gaze focused on a plain looking brunette. She shuffled into the bus and as fate would have it she walked toward me. She pointed and asked for the vacant seat next to mine, next to the window. She was medium height, wearing a grey business suit that was rather unflattering, and she had a faraway gaze, like she was concentrating on something. I confirmed she was in fact thinking of orgasm and her last thoughts had caught my full attention. For me (and most other people I've come to find), anything dealing with impending orgasm was worth full attention. I decided to go a little deeper with my scans: 

Maria, she was a college student and working part time at a large business firm. She had a healthy sexual appetite but unfortunately not a whole lot of experience. I was delighted to learn that the reason she kept telling herself not to cum was that she had a vibrator shoved in her ass; I tapped into what she was feeling, she was near the edge. This was her way of blowing off some steam and exploring her desires. She had done her pussy but wanted to branch out hence why it was in her ass. Damn. My kinda woman. I had to say hello.

During the ride, she eventually trailed her gaze over to me. Our eyes met and she gave a shy smile. I returned her smile. I could tell she was looking me over and trying to hide an approving look whilst holding back her raging, soon-to-be-public-if-she-couldn't-hold-out orgasm. I took one more scan of her thoughts: "He's cute. Wonder what would happen if he found out my secret. Fuck, this is getting me more turned on. Calm down." Well no need for me to generate interest when it's already there. Go time.

"Hi, I haven't seen you before. New to this route?" I put on my friendly yet confident face, disguising the fact I knew her secret.

"Huh? Oh, yeah it is. I usually get a ride from a friend, but she..." she sucked in some breath. She paused to put a clamp in her desires. "...but she had something to take care of." She completed her response. Maybe I'll help her along with her little game too. Using my power, I amped up the vibrator a little. She gasped slightly.

I acted concerned and unaware "Are you alright?"

"mmm Yeah, I'm...fine." Her face became a little bit flushed. I could sense that she was very close but holding back.

"Glad to hear. Anyway you should consider taking the bus more. It relieves some of the pressures of travel." I backed off a bit on the vibrator

"ooo..."she snapped a bit back to reality trying to deflect attention away from her arousal. "So like what kind of pressures."

"Oh like having to take control on the road, worrying about traffic." In the middle of my list I started amping up the vibrator again whilst increasing use of double entendre, punctuating my speech. "Also the ride itself is very stimulating. All the sensations of the ride, I never fail to experience something new."

"Ooohh." She was so close. "That's a great outlook"

"Thank you. But you know there are downsides" I turned slightly serious.

She was trying to continue the conversation but having difficulty concentrating "uhhh like...what exactly?"

I turned and looked at her right in the eye and in a hushed tone I continued, "It's the waiting. You'll never quite know when you'll get there." I kept my words vague. Who knows if I talking about a bus or an orgasm "Sometime the anticipation keeps me frustrated. I have to hold myself back."

She whispered back "I know...the feeling."

I decided to drive it home "But the relief you get after it finally arrives is great." I amped up the vibrator to as high as I thought she could take it. She stifled her gasp but didn't quite succeed. I was amazed she kept her composure as well as she has. "You can see it coming. You really want it here already. And without warning..." 

My speech was definitely having its effect. She about lost it there. As her orgasm consumed her whole body, she was about to let loose a huge moan, but I intercepted her slightly open mouth and pulled her in for a kiss. She had one like never before. She closed her eyes and just enjoyed the feeling. We sat there joined for a good 20 seconds. I backed up to meet her awestruck expression. I continued my speech

"...you're there and you get off."

That brought the involuntary response "what?"

"The bus, it arrives at your destination and you get off the bus" I deadpanned

"Oh..." she just stared at me still awestruck.

My features softened. "I just want to say that was beautiful. I admire a woman in touch with her desires."

She blushed and remained silent.

"I'm sorry to ask and this might sound a little crazy but do you hear a faint buzzing sound?" I cut straight to the heart of the matter. She looked mortified but then covered it up by feigning confusion. She realized the vibrator was still going but nowhere near the level I raised it to.

"Uhh no can't say... that I do." She looked a little nervous. Getting found out was a possibility she always had in the back of her mind, but she never really expected to get truly caught. She was getting a little more excited too despite her massive release just moments earlier.

"Sorry, probably my imagination then." I glanced toward her crotch and quickly pulled my gaze back up to her face. I gave a knowing smile.

She looked worried. "I'm sure it's... nothing. Probably the noise of the engine or something." She tried to reassure me and deflect my attention to anything else other than the huge vibrating toy bringing her back to the edge. She reached into her bag. She tried to conceal what she was doing but I caught a glimpse of her fiddling with what looked like a remote. I guessed that was to the vibrator.

"Are you alright Miss? You seem tense." I interrupted her.

"Oh I'm...fine. Thanks" she continued with the remote. She was trying to turn it down a bit to mute any noticeable noise and keep her from being stimulated any further.

I decided to push her further. I used my powers and gave the vibrator a super charge. It jumped in intensity that wasn't normally possible; it was stimulation she had never experienced. Her eyes rolled in her head and she tried desperately to hold back her moans. Her thoughts were that of confusion. 'Why did my vibrator do that? Did I accidentally hit the remote the wrong way? I'm certain I turned it to the left. Oh fuck, it's getting stronger.' She was struggling a little in her seat.

I flashed an evil grin then went in close to her ear and whispered "you shouldn't hold back. It looks like you need it bad."

She weakly responded "not here. Can't... here..."

I leaned over and held her shoulder. "No one is watching. Hold on to me." 

The situation was more than she was prepared for. She bit her lip to stop herself from making any sounds; in a quick motion she leaned into me to steady herself and she let loose. She was riding that edge for a brief moment before finally succumbing completely. Her orgasm ripped through her despite her efforts to stop it. It was a beautiful moment. Using my powers I shut off the vibrator; she came down and was breathing heavily. Good, no one noticed.

She was now clinging to me as she enjoyed the after effects of a second public orgasm. After a full minute, she stopped clinging to me and got her bearings she looked at me with a look of embarrassment.

"I can explain" she said sheepishly

In a reassuring tone with a heart stopping smile I responded "There's nothing to explain. That was extraordinary. It's nice meeting a woman who is unafraid of her desires."

I took a moment to peek into her thoughts. She was more attracted to me than before. My acceptance was not something she counted on and she loved the attention. With my acceptance she came out of her embarrassment, and introduced herself. "I'm Maria."

I did likewise and continued the conversation, "We must do this again sometime. I admire a woman with a creative sexual imagination." She just blushed slightly

"That's actually a huge relief. I was worried you'd think I was a freak or something." She relaxed and smiled.

I returned her smile. "If you don't mind me asking, where are you headed?"

She looked out at our current stop "I get off in three stops" she said.

"Really? Again? You're quite the woman" I joked.

She thought upon her words. She blushed scarlet "That's not what she meant. But thanks."

We had a friendly conversation up until her stop. Despite our odd introduction, we were getting along rather well. I found out she was quite a sharp woman for her age. Maria never really had anyone to talk to as people she knew were rather unintelligent and more than that, I was some to talk to and in her thoughts she found 'super hot and cute'.

"So do you ride often?" Maria asked speculatively

"Yeah every weekday." I replied. Maria had a giddiness about her that she had trouble hiding in her expression.

"That means I'll be seeing you every Thursday and Friday until my friend can pick me up again." Maria sounded like she had just won the lottery.

"I look forward to seeing more of you Maria."

Her stop came up shortly and she departed. Definitely glad I said hello.

------

I got back home after catching a transfer. I walked up to a house in a quiet suburb. It was a modest house but it was home. After finding that we had no mail, I stepped in and took off my shoes. What you immediately see upon entering is an entrance way, a nice open space that's used as a living room. Couches form an area that has an HD TV and entertainment system. I bought the television and system in the living room for everyone (aren't I considerate). Also in the living room was a fireplace and some small tables.

There's a bedroom immediately to the left of the entrance. Sarah was inside.

"Hi Sarah." I poked my head in to see Sarah reading at a desk

"Hey sweetie. How was your day?" Sarah was bubbly as always.

I met Sarah at the gym I frequent. Sarah was hired as a personal trainer there and was quite physically fit. In her loose t-shirt she looked tall and had a slender figure. Her clothes were covering up her true self. If she were to strip down to her underwear, you'd think she were an Amazon warrior straight from the jungle, with her imposing height and great definition on every inch of her body. This hardly detracted from her feminine beauty. Her smooth skin, ample breasts, long flowing hair, shapely legs, attractive curves, and killer smile made it clear she was nothing but woman. But in her loose t-shirt and sweatpants, she looked like she was just any redhead you might see on the street.

"It was fine thanks. So Sarah any plans for the evening?" I made small talk.

"No real plans. What about you?" Sarah looked at me inquisitively

"Nothing really. I'll have some of the leftover gazpacho Tori made and go from there."

"Sounds like a plan." Sarah went back to what she was doing prior to my arrival.

Next to Sarah's room is a bathroom and then next to that is another bedroom. The door to the bedroom was closed.

I pondered as I looked at the closed door then quickly asked Sarah as I was retreating "Hey Sarah is either Tori or Kristen home?"

"Kristen is out. Tori is in the kitchen with Kyle and Helen" Sarah responded returning to her desk

"Okay, I should say hello quickly" I made my way further in the house toward the kitchen I entered a hallway toward the back of the living room. I kept going straight down the hallway and entered the kitchen that had an attached living/dining room. 

Tori was there at the counter with a sandwich in a plate. Off into the room the kitchen became a dining room. There was a large table set up with about 10 chairs. Past the dining set, there was a cozy little section with a couch facing a TV, almost a miniature of the living room. 

Kyle and Helen, an unassuming couple, were on the couch watching the TV. 

I glanced out the door at the end of the room into the back yard where there was a pool. Summer is coming. It'll be naked-in-the-pool season soon. The back yard was a very large open space with the pool near the door and an open lawn area toward the back. It extended a good 20 feet until the tall wooden fence.

"Hi Tori. What's cooking?" I spied her eating what appeared to be a sandwich with a red filling.

"It's just a new pepper spread. Doing some experimenting" she replied taking another bite with a deliberateness not normally associated with a sandwich

"Will it revolutionize spreads as we know it?" I loved her cooking. She just grinned, shook her head, and continued her munching.

"So where is the leftovers from last night?"

She paused to swallow, "It's in the fridge, second shelf in a plastic container."

I open the fridge and there it was. "Thanks. Been looking forward to this all afternoon."

I had met Tori through a friend. Tori was a cook at an upscale restaurant and my friend, who is a big foodie. By chance a friend had opened a new restaurant nearby to the house and Tori decided to live here. That's a long story for another day. Suffice to say I love having her around to cook and talk about food. Oh and the sex is pretty good too.

I reheated my dinner and took a seat at the dining table. I saw Kyle and Helen cuddled together on the couch, watching TV. I took my dinner at took a seat at the table.

"Hi Kyle, Hi Helen." I brought the couple out of their show.

"Oh hey, when did you get home?" Helen greeted me.

"Just now really. Decided to heat up some leftovers for dinner. So what's on?" I continued to banter.

"Nothing really. Just killing time together." Kyle responded. As he said those words he pulled Helen in closer. Helen gave an appreciative smile.

"So planning anything kinky tonight?" I liked teasing them. At that question they both became embarrassed at my direct talk.

Helen spoke up "Oh nothing of the sort. We enjoy each other and we make love. Sex isn't something dirty."

"It is if you're doing it right." I countered. Helen blushed slightly.

"Quit teasing." Kyle stood up to me. I gave an impish smile.

"I can't help it. You two are so cute when I do." Both just smiled with mild amusement. I continued eating dinner. I left the couple to the television

After dinner I went back down the hall toward the living room. I turned to an extra hallway on the left. Just immediately in the hallway there was the door to the garage on the right and another bedroom (Kyle and Helen's room actually) on the left. I passed by a small guest room moving on to the master bedroom. I could hear moaning through the door. I liked where this was going.

I walked in. On the bed was Dana, my first girlfriend. She wasn't alone. With her were two girls I hadn't seen before. Dana and the two mysterious girls were, all naked on the bed. Dana was in the center of the bed, her upper body propped up by pillows. One girl was kissing and licking all across her neck, shoulders and breasts. The other was lying in between Dana's legs and providing the same attentions as the first woman for Dana's legs, hips and, crotch, though her movements seemed more focused and urgent.

"Hello darling" came a voice with a Russian accent off in the corner. It was Sasha sitting at a small table in the corner. She was sipping what I guessed was a red wine. The three women on the bed did not seem to notice my entrance at all.

"Hi, Sasha. I thought you'd be in on that for sure." I motioned to Dana and her partners.

She smiled "I'm in the mood for something else." She gazed at me desire in her eyes.

I gave a mischievous grin and proceeded to disrobe. I took my time. Standing proudly I took off my shirt. Sasha never took her eyes off my form. She savored it. As the shirt came off I strode to her. She leaned over on her seat and began stroking my bare chest. She moved her soft lips to meet my skin. I let her work on me while still standing. I looked over at Dana and enjoyed the Sapphic display. While enjoying the view and Sasha's attentions, Sasha took the time to remove my pants. In a swift motion my pants crumpled to my ankles; I stepped out of them and gave Sasha what she was craving.

Sasha was kissing along my waist, down my legs, all while stroking my back and buttocks with her hands. She made her way to her prize with her lips. The slurping noises were as obscene as the squishing noises emanating from direction of the bed. Life was good. After letting Sasha have her fun with my cock, using my god strength I lifted her up by the waist so I had her back to me. I was standing tall with Sasha's nubile form against my chest.

"Ready?" I whispered coarsely in her ear as I handled her form as easily as a rag doll.

She hissed through her teeth and replied "Da, Darling."

A moan escaped my Russian minx as I entered her slowly.

Still standing I lifted Sasha up and down on my cock. Simultaneously I alternated between gently licking her ear lobes and kissing along the back of her neck. While locked against me, enjoying my embrace, Sasha was fixated on the three women on the bed. Sasha had actually been a lesbian when she met me. 

By this time Dana and her lovers switched positions; Dana's lovers were entwined, rubbing their breasts sharing a sloppy kiss. Meanwhile Dana was licking the pussy of the girl settled on top. The squeals and moans were music to my ears as I breathed deep the heady scent of sex. While I was enjoying the view, Sasha suddenly came with a gush on my dick with the overflow trickling down my leg.

Sasha closed her eyes as she enjoyed release. She turned her head and pursed her lips at me. I knew what she wanted and planted my lips against hers. The background soundtrack turned almost to screams as we savored the afterglow of our coupling.

"I need more." Sasha breathed to me.

"Me too." I whispered back. Without letting my penis slip out of her pussy, I backed up to where Sasha was sitting when I arrived. I sat down with her in my lap. Without even opening her eyes, her hand reached out and found her glass of wine. She finished the remaining wine and gave a long breath. A few moments after the wine, she turned her head and opened her eyes. She gave me a smile that let me knew she was ready.

I growled then grabbed Sasha by the hips and started pumping her up and down. She squealed with delight. We enjoyed each other while watching Dana and her lovers. Sasha had three more orgasms before Dana tired out her partners. They lay in a tangled sweaty heap of girl flesh. As Dana took a moment to compose herself from her session, she noticed the sounds of Russian expletives of pleasure emanating from the room. She looked over to us.
