 It was 8:36 am on a Friday. A long day of work lay ahead of me. I was looking forward to the weekend because, like any working stiff, I don't particularly enjoy work. Even for a former-man-turned-god with the power to alter reality with my will alone, it's rather difficult to find finance and banking super entertaining, especially in a large, impersonal, corporate environment. So just one more day of grind to get through, then fun and adventure await me.

I had gotten through the day, completing assignments while simultaneously imagining all the things I could do over the weekend. I contemplated all sorts of lurid filth and the various lovers with whom I could share it. I also contemplated spending some quality time with Dana and/or Sasha, maybe just watch a few movies and finish of a bottle of Chianti. I even had momentary thoughts of spending time alone, finally getting around studying some recent chess games. Hey what can I say, some nerd habits are hard to break. Even a sex god has to take a break from sex.

I was brought out of my fantasizing by a coworker, Michael. I was staring off a bit while thinking of Dana; Michael's waving and saying my name caught my attention.

"Oh hey, sorry Michael. What's up?" I noticed his unusually cheerful demeanor.

"Wanna grab some lunch? It's 12:30." He pointed to the clock on the wall.

"Yeah sure." I neatly put away my work materials and prepared to join him. I noticed he was more chipper than usual. I also detected a bit of self-satisfaction. I could have just read his thoughts to find out exactly what was the cause, but in my years of being a god, I find that just takes the fun out of things. There is something to be said with just talking with people and finding out through their own narrative. We made our way to a quaint little sandwich shop across from our office building.

Let me give you a little bit on Michael professionally. He's a relative new guy in the company. This is about the end of his second year working in the corporate office. As to how we know each other, I kept close ties with my professors in college. Michael was recommended to me by one of them and so I recruited him straight out of his undergrad. I helped train him and I continue to give him guidance; he's been kicking ass in his department and is a rising star. 

He still comes to me for advice and mentorship even though I'm not his direct supervisor. Many of his peers see him as cocky and undisciplined, especially as he has some of his old habits from his time at a fraternity. Although there is a bit of undeserved arrogance, I see a young man eager to learn and with ambition.

Back to our lunch, Michael got a Tuna melt on white. I got a roast beef on sourdough. Michael immediately opened with conversation.

"So you notice anything different?" Michael put on a coy expression.

"You seem more upbeat today. Did you win the lottery or something?" I dug into my sandwich.

"Well not to be immodest..." he paused for effect, though his childish grin ruined the moment "...I managed to do the impossible." 

"You did an honest day's work while working at a large financial corporation?" I mocked him.

He just rolled his eyes and shook his head. "No, No. I'm not that good." We both chuckled at that.

"In all seriousness what did you do exactly?" I continued eating my sandwich and let him speak.

"You know Claire? In Human Resources?" Michael asked.

"I know of her. Never actually met her though." I think I knew where this was headed.

"Well she is the hottest chick in the firm. And I bagged her. Me!" Michael said with pride. Yup just as I thought, he got laid.

I gave a disinterested look. "Uhh, congratulations, I guess. So what does that have to do with you doing the impossible?"

"You don't know?!" Michael raised his voice a little. It was lunch hour so the crowd drowned out his exclamation. "Man, they call her the ice queen. She's been at the company for a little over a year now and everyone who has approached her has gotten shut down. And not just a polite no. She turns up the bitch like you wouldn't believe. She got a rep as being unattainable."

Well I thought to myself 'I could have her any way I wanted on a whim' but that was more a matter of factual correctness than ego. With my powers I could change her thoughts and emotions to be desperate for just a kiss and have her melting at the mere mention of my name. The way Michael described her though, I doubt I would want to have her as a lover. She sounded too high strung to enjoy herself. 

"And how many people have you told about this?" I asked and Michael saw my concern, turning a bit more serious himself.

"You're the first. So your thoughts?" He looked at me expectantly.

I just shrugged my shoulders "Good for you Michael, but why tell me at all? You know my stance on office gossip." I said flatly.

"But I thought you'd love this. After all the stories about that thing with you and Susan 5 months ago I thought you'd love to hear all this. All the women in my department tend to glare at you when you're around, you know. I wanted to know what the master thought. I bet you had your sights on Claire too." 

He was correct about Susan and the other women, but not about Claire. What happened was that I had a fling with Susan, one of the office secretaries in Michael's department. She had just started. It was a very spontaneous encounter outside work; We didn't even realize we worked at the same company until we ran into each other at work the following day. Let me tell you, that was really weird introduction.

We decided not to pursue anything further since we both realized that it would make work awkward. It was bittersweet for Susan as I was the best lover Susan ever had as she came multiple times, something she's never experienced before. However the weight of multiple screaming orgasms bearing down on her, she just had to tell someone so she told her friends in the office; as a result it is true that some of Susan's friends look at me the way Michael described. 

As for Claire, I didn't really know her that well to want to pursue her. Professionally I heard she was competent but that's all I knew. I didn't like how this conversation with Michael was playing out. I knew the importance of keeping your professional life separate from your personal life. I needed to shut down this destructive behavior before it could cause irreparable harm to both parties.

"Okay first of all Susan was the one who blabbed about it. Not me. Second of all, they do not glare. You're just imagining things."

Michael was giving a coy grin. He knew I was being modest. "Whatever you say chief."

"But seriously Michael, as your friend, I'm telling you that you should keep everyone's personal exploits to yourself, especially what you do. If someone in HR or worse yet, legal gets wind about this gossip you could get a complaint filed against you or against Claire. So please for both your sakes, don't mention this anymore."

"Yeah, Yeah, whatever you say mister killjoy." 

I knew he wasn't happy at all with my response but he also knew I was right.

"But still you gotta admit it was quite the feat." He still had a bit of smugness about him since he thinks he did the impossible.

I didn't like this attitude. I was dismayed that he would treat this like a conquest and not a shared pleasure. He still hasn't quite grown up from his college days. I decided to take him down a bit. At his last statement we finished our lunches and started to head back.

I dropped the bomb. "Off the record..." he turned to me expectantly.,"...I'm not impressed."

"Oh come on! Why not?!" he would not let this go lightly.

As we were walking back I turned my head. "Well let's put it this way. Did you make her cum?"

That gave Michael pause. He pondered the question silently while we walked back in to office. It wasn't until we were both on the elevator alone that he finally answered. "Yeah I think I did."

That wasn't very convincing. I put my hand on his shoulder and shook my head, "Michael, in my experience if you have to think about that question, even a little bit, you didn't."

The elevator opened to my floor and I walked back to my desk. Michael was startled at my insight. He stood there with a less happy look than when he left for lunch. The elevator closed and he went off to his floor. Maybe I had been to blunt.

I went back to work, letting Michael sit on that one. It's a pet peeve of mine, the attitude of having sex just for the ego boost. Doing that once in a while is fine but if that's your persistent attitude you're not a person I would want to be friends with. People who think it's all about 'having game' don't really understand that people are not objectives to be overcome. They are gifts to be treasured, although I'm quite alright with you handling your gifts a little rough from time to time.

I could just change Michael's attitude with my powers but I don't think that really helps. He's an adult who needs to learn from the consequences of his actions and failures, not be brainwashed. The rest of the day passed without anything much of interest.

It was the end of work that something worthy of mention happened. I decided to check on Michael. While I don't agree with his attitude, for reasons beyond my comprehension I still considered him a friend. With work finished I made my way to his floor to see how he was doing. He was just sitting at his desk and had a rather faraway look about him.

"Michael, is something wrong?" I was concerned for my friend.

"Oh hey. I was just thinking." Michael continued to look off in the distance.

"Hey it's Friday after work. You wanna grab a beer?" I made a friendly gesture

"No thanks man."

"Whoa. Who are you and what have you done with Michael?!" I feigned shock. This was very unlike the Michael I had come to know.

Michael came out of his trance a little with a light chuckle. "Thanks for the offer. Yeah you're right I could use a beer."

We made our way out. We stopped by a dive bar not far from our office building. It was cozy. It was still happy hour so we got a pitcher of beer and some chips with bean dip. I just loved the Serrano chilies this placed used the heat up the dip. As we got into it, I started conversation.

"So Michael, what's up? I've never seen you like this."

"It's just what you said. I'm pretty sure I got Claire to cum. But in all the time I've known you, you've never been wrong about anything so here I am, second guessing myself."

"Well I didn't mean for it to go that far. I just want you to realize, arrogance isn't the right attitude. You've been spending way too much time around your college friends telling you nothing but compliments. Even if Claire did cum, you could always make it better. Get her to cum more or harder. Give her more and more pleasure. Never settle. Even I could improve."

Michael seemed astounded by that admission "No way. How could you improve? Susan claims you made her squirt across the room. How could you improve on that?"

"Seriously I got to talk to her about that. People would think I'm some sort of womanizing terror or pervert." 

Michael just smiled.

"Anyway answering your question on how I could improve, just for argument's sake, take Susan as an example. So she squirted. Next time have her squirt harder. Hypothetically, let's say she came 3 times. Next time make her come 4 times. Say she wants something different. Bring candles and chocolate while you whisper in her ear how lovely she is. There are always way to improve or bring variety."

"That's really hot." Michael was impressed.

I just shook my head and grinned. "Thanks."

"So I want to learn from the master. Any pointers on getting women off?"

"I appreciate your enthusiasm but it's more complicated than that. There aren't any quick tips since every woman is different. The best advice I can give you is to improve yourself first. Almost all women pick up on guys who are comfortable with themselves. Also ditch the arrogance. By deciding not to improve in any way you limit yourself."

Michael pondered my words. He nodded while thinking upon my words.

I wanted to lighten the mood. "Let's get away from that for now. I heard about some pretty interesting things about your work on the latest contract. I heard after you were done negotiating, the client couldn't sign fast enough."

We continued into lighter topics over our beer and snacks. It was a happy hour indeed. Michael seemed more at ease and was forgetting about his woes. Michael was really good at his job. I had done right by recruiting him. He was at ease talking about his work. We barely finished our first glass when fate had a surprise for both of us. Claire had come into the bar. She was hot alright. Many of the men and some of the women in the bar gave her appreciative glances. After a minute Michael noticed her.

"Whoa." The color from Michael's face drained a little.

"What is it?" I asked out of concern.

"It's Claire."

"Where?" I turned my head to scan the bar. I scanned for 'the hottest chick in the firm'. I caught sight of a slender brunette. She stood out not just for her beauty but her presence; she just seemed to ooze confidant woman. I guessed that was Claire. Michael was staring at her so I was pretty confident in my guess.

"We should invite her over for a drink. Remember women like a guy who is at ease." I motioned to Michael.

"I couldn't face her right now." Michael looked rather forlorn.

"If you won't I will." I got up and went to her. Michael was dumbstruck by my directness and made little effort to stop me. 

My first impression, based on her demeanor, was that she was far from the ice queen that Michael made her out to be. As she came towards the table, I gave her a closer look. She was indeed as Michael has said: a rather striking woman with very alluring eyes. Her facial features were soft and feminine while her blouse and jacket outlined some nice curves. I made my approach. 

"You wouldn't by chance work in Human Resources would you?" I opened.

Claire seemed surprised that I somehow knew her occupation.

"Yes I do in fact. How could you tell that?"

I pointed over to Michael. She just grinned. I introduced myself and continued in a friendly manner. She introduced herself in turn.

"I'm Claire. Nice to meet you. "

"Would you care to join us for a drink?"

"I would love to." We made our way over to the table. I made a quick stop to get an extra glass from the bartender.

Claire was pleasantly surprised by Michael's presence. Michael was withdrawn a bit. They had a quick exchange of pleasantries. 

"So care for a glass of beer?" I motioned to the pitcher and empty glass.

"Oh yes please." She was nothing at all what Michael described. Far from being an ice queen she was rather friendly, jovial even. We talked about work and casual topics like movies and good restaurants in the area. I couldn't understand how she got the reputation. It was about half way through the pitcher that Claire noticed Michael's less than upbeat mood.

"Michael is everything okay?" Claire asked.

"I'm fine." Michael half-heartedly responded.

"Are you sure, sweetie?" Claire said concerned

I arched my eyebrow at that. "Sweetie? So are you two a couple?"

Claire looked mortified at that. "No! Of course not."

I gave Claire a scrutinizing gaze. Michael looked sheepish and did little for her argument. Looking at my knowing smirk and penetrating gaze, her resistance crumbled. She spoke almost in a whisper.

"Okay yes."

"If you don't mind me asking, for how long?"

Claire looked at Michael then responded "Only a few days."

"Congratulations. I wish you two the best."

"Thanks." Claire said, taking large gulps of beer.

To help pass the awkwardness, everyone started drinking. After only 10 minutes we got another pitcher. As the beer went down, the awkwardness was replaced with a happy alcohol buzz and more light hearted conversation. Michael was soon getting over his depression. I used my powers to stop the buzz. Honestly it was a bad idea to wield power over reality while under the influence. I decided to use the lowered inhibitions to help Michael and Claire.

"So Claire. How are you and Michael getting along so far?" As I said that I used my powers to bring Claire's sexual thoughts to the forefront. Due to the buzz, she just said what came to mind without really filtering.

"Oh it's nice. Sex could be better though."

A moment later it registered with both Claire and Michael on what Claire had just said. They both shared an embarrassed look at each other and both began to blush.

Claire looked at me trying to speak but no words came out.

"Perhaps I can help with that." I gave a smirk.

Her embarrassment prevented any lengthy reply. "uhh. H-how?"

"Michael hold out your hands." Michael did so still confused.

I imbued Michael's hands with a mind of their own. Specifically they would know exactly how to get Claire off and stop at nothing in achieving that goal. As I touched Michael's hands to set the changes, I instructed Claire and Michael to sit closer together.

"Okay, Claire try to relax. Michael, you'll feel a tingling sensation. That's normal and just go with it."

The couple did as I instructed. "One last thing." I said as they sat next to each other. I took Michael's right hand and put it on Claire's right shoulder and put Michael's left hand on Claire's left hip.

"Perfect. Now relax and enjoy you two."

They looked at each other quizzically. Then after a few moments, Michael's hands began moving on their own. His right hand started stroking Claire's neck while his left hand began stroking up and down her hip. Claire gasped at the sudden treatment. Michael was stunned. He saw his hands moving but was not controlling them. The immediate effect on Claire had Michael engrossed in the spectacle.

Michael gave a quick look at me, his jaw hanging down. I just smiled and gave him a thumbs up. He looked back and the woman he was involuntarily groping. His hands made their way to her breasts and crotch. Claire's breath got heavier and the hands got closer. Without realizing it, Michael leaned in closer. His doubts and depression from earlier quickly were replaced with a growing desire.

I had done a good job with the hands. Soon they simultaneously unbuttoned Claire's blouse and undid the zipper on her pants. Claire gasped suddenly and jolted slightly as both hands caressed very sensitive areas. Michael's right hand left no area of Claire's breast untouched while Michael's left hand was doing magical things to Claire's increasingly damp pussy.

Michael for the most part was still stupefied. He just stared at Claire, mouth agape, while she writhed in his arms, stifling her moans. He had a clear woody at this point. I gave him some advice.

"Remember Michael, confidence. Let your desires run wild. Do what feels right, not what you think is right."

At that, Michael leaned in and started kissing along Claire's neck. I was proud of Michael. All this stimulation was too much for Claire. Between the groping of her sensitive breasts, the rubbing along her pussy and clit, the kisses on her neck, and the fact it was in public, Claire had trouble holding back. Within a minute, Claire bit down on her lip and had an orgasm. The reaction was quite intense and she shuddered and shook in Michael's arms. At this violent spasm, Michael looked up from his kissing and took in the beautiful sight a woman in the throes of ecstasy.

With their task complete, Michael's hands went back under his control and relented on their pleasure mission. Claire came down from her bliss, panting while in Michael's grasp. After she regained her faculties, she looked at Michael. They both looked at each other with new eyes. They stared into each other longingly. I think they wanted more.
