 I was riding the bus, once again on my way home from work. Maria had found me in the same corner. She had a dazzling smile.

"Hello Maria. How was work?" we had become friends over the past two weeks. She took the seat next to mine.

"It was tiring, but productive." She paused and gave a sly grin "So, take a guess."

It was a little game we had developed over the weeks. I gave a long glance at her skirt and just gave a sly grin back, "You're not wearing any today you little minx."

She was shocked. I saw right through her ploy. She hushed her voice so no one could hear her, "How could you possibly know I'm not wearing panties? I was sure that would trip you up."

"I have a knack for it." I gave a bit of a smug grin. The game was to decide what kind of underwear she was wearing. After our meetings on public transit, she had gotten comfortable with me. She didn't know the true extent of my abilities but the point wasn't who won. It was all the feelings of excitement and surprise Maria could experience with me. Our initial encounter had left her wanting more. She never experienced anything like that and had great difficulty trying to recreate the intensity or the thrill.

Maria was even fascinated after she found out I had multiple girlfriends. It was an interesting conversation about my having several lovers. There was an initial shock of course but she took it a lot better than I thought she would.

---An interesting conversation---

"So would I be someone you'd take home?" Maria was very flirtatious. 

"Oh, absolutely! Just be aware that my girlfriends would probably want to have some fun with you as well."

"Wait girlfriend?! And did you say girlfriends? As in more than one?" Maria was a deer in the headlights at this revelation though she I could hear curiosity in her voice as well.

"Yes. I'm sorry, I know it's a bit of a shock." I could tell she never really met someone who had multiple partners. She was an open minded girl but she had difficulty processing the information. I got closer. "Maria, you are a wonderful woman. You're not any less special."

She came out of her shock and settled down, I continued "So Maria, I would enjoy your company and you are welcome to come to my home."

"Thank you. Even though it is kinda weird, I can't pass up something like that."

After her words I just smiled. She composed herself and joked "Figures, of course a guy like you would have an army of women clamoring to get a piece."

"Maria" I became a little more serious in my tone. "It's not what you think. It's not just sex, I do genuinely care about each of them. It's the same for you. You are an incredible woman, and I'm not just talking about your wonderful body. I've found out you're a young woman with so much spirit and love. You're also no longer a child. You're an adult with a passion and an ambition working hard to realize a dream."

Maria had a flood of emotion as I continued. That gave her pause. She looked at me like I was a long lost family member. She came in close, put her head against my shoulder and held me. She looked up with a bit of sadness "You mean it? All that stuff?"

"Of course. So let me formally extend the invitation. Would you like to come over to my place sometime?"

She looked at me for a long moment and I looked back. Suddenly she just hugged me tight and said "Hell yes."

She broke the embrace and looked at me sheepishly. I looked at her quizzically.

"After finals." We both laughed.

---Back in the present day---

"Well your talent is incredible. I'll have to get more sexy lingerie." She complimented my unwavering streak.

"Why thank you. So tell me about your week." I made small talk. Apart from the exciting game we played, Maria enjoyed my company.

Maria and I went on about our respective weeks. This semester was a bit rough for her. She was taking 5 classes and compounded with her work schedule left her little time for leisure. She learned a bit about me and was fascinated. I hadn't told her about my powers or what I could do to my women in the bedroom; I didn't want to overwhelm her. Eventually she'll learn the truth but I felt waiting was prudent.

"I can't wait for this semester to be over. I need to decompress."

"Only a week left right. So how about I treat you to dinner? You look like you could use a good meal. I know a cozy Chinese place, great pot stickers."

"I have a better idea." she paused

"What's that?"

She grabbed my arm and leaned in to whisper in my ear "... we go to my place."

Very direct but I wasn't complaining. I looked into her mind to make sure she had in mind what my cock also had in mind. The raging desire from this woman conjured fantasies far better than what my cock was thinking.

------- 

Her place turned out to be a meager apartment which she shared with two other girls attending her college. It was close to campus, but other than that nothing much to speak of. Back to Maria, I could tell without reading her thoughts, she was rather smitten with me. I had learned previously from reading her thoughts that she hadn't found anyone that was as exciting or caring as I had been since she got to college. Also I was accepting, even encouraging her more salacious indulgences; not even her family really approved of that part of herself. They thought it was just a 'phase'. We were heading straight for her room.

"I don't usually do this." She told me a little nervous

I stopped her and took her smaller body into my larger frame. "It's okay. Let your desires come out. Put aside your doubt and enjoy yourself." My words and my touch calmed her. While going through her mind, I was surprised to learn that she hadn't really had much experience when it came to sex with a partner and relationships in general, despite her high level of desire and her wild imagination. She had a single long term boyfriend in high school with only a handful of sexual experiences. 

With the freedom of college, she wanted to explore but was unsure of how to go about it. She was also afraid of what people would think of her, given her less than stellar experiences back home on the subject. With my actions she was more at ease and wanted to let go. She seemed to hold on to some hesitance.

While in my arms, I leaned and whispered in her ear, "Shhh, I'll show you." I willed her to relax.

With that I leaned in and took her into a kiss. A feathery touch with a comforting warmness, she closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations. My arms snaked around her body, stroking up and down her back, locking her close to me. She was lost to my ministrations. Her boyfriend had not been this direct, yet so loving. So dominant in taking her where I wanted, yet caring with my touches and in the gentleness of the kiss itself. Her doubts were fading away while her arousal replaced it.

I continued like that, steadily increasing the pace. Maria was really something else. Despite her limited experience, her juices were flowing and only after a few minutes she was coming back at me with some intense kissing of her own. I was elated to help Maria experience pleasure that she only had dreamt of.

I stepped back a little and took off my shirt. Maria was just standing there with a look of desire; she liked what she saw. I stepped back up to her and started guiding her out of her clothes. She gasped as I snaked my hands on the inside of her shirt touching her bare skin. She lifted her arms to allow me to take off her top. As her top came off, she looked absolutely delicious. That suit did nothing for her natural charms. Once her top was off, she leaned in again and we began our trade of kisses once more. While exchanging sweet touches, I lowered my hands. I rested one hand against her hip and unzipped her pants.

She leaned in and whispered in my ear "bedroom, second door on the left."

I smiled and picked her up and carried her there. She loved the way I casually whisked her away like some prize. We made it inside and I bumped the door closed, just in case her roommates decided to show up. I put her down on the bed. I stood up to take off my pants. She mirrored me while lying on the bed, pulling down her pants and panties with it. She was eager and ready, lacking any of the trepidation she displayed earlier. This is the kind of thing she had wanted for so long. I caught the scent of her sex. It was strong yet sweet. This was probably the most turned she had been in her life up to this point.

With the most of the clothes gone, I crawled over her naked form. I started planting kisses up her shoulder and started my way up. She let her moan come out. I made my way up to her lips and we returned our make out session on her bed. Maria had left all her doubt and now had a burning desire. I didn't realize how intense it was because shortly after we began our lip lock, she broke off and looked at me and said in a pleading voice: "I can't wait. I need it now."

I put my hand on her crotch. She was definitely ready. I gave a nod and parted her lower lips with my fingers. I put the head of my member at her entrance. I looked her in the eyes and in a very slow, deliberate motion I entered her without breaking eye contact. She gasped and then moaned at my invasion. I took her face in my hand and initiated a kiss. She wrapped her arms around my back and I started to move.

She was trembling. Little squeaks and moans escaped her mouth in between kisses. I kept things nice and slow. I could hear squishing noises from our joining. She must have been quite aroused as after only 5 minutes she looked at me. I knew the signs: she was already at the brink of orgasm. I gave her a reassuring smile, held her head in between my hands and nodded.

"Maria, don't worry. Trust me and just let go." I quickened the pace of my thrusts to help push her over.

She did as I told and let loose. In the past she had orgasms from vibrators and dildos many times but they did not compare to this one. She grabbed hold of me tightly and rode out pleasure she never knew possible. While moaning in my arms, she rode a pleasure wave that seemed to engulf her. After the storm subsided, she went a slightly limp. I slipped out and shifted our bodies to spoon, letting her come down. She was panting, while still enjoying the feeling of our bodies touching. She was also thoroughly drained. 

After a while she came back to reality. "That was... amazing."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." I leaned in and held her closer, nuzzling her neck. After she regained some of her energy, she took a survey of her surroundings. Our clothes were scattered on the floor and there was a large wet spot on her bed. She felt her sex and found she was still wet. That was the fastest she had ever cum.

"I enjoyed it too." I said whilst holding her. 

10 minutes later when we were cleaned up and dressed that we started small talk over Chinese takeout. Not quite the pot stickers I was used to but they delivered. Maria was so delighted at the free meal. Dinner and an orgasm beat dinner and a movie any day.

"So Maria, what are you taking next semester?" I open up with the usual conversation questions

"I'm probably gonna get the classes for my major out of the way. I need a break from general ed classes."

"That's wonderful. Though I can imagine a semester with nothing but economics is quite a dry semester" 

"Yeah it can be pretty boring at times. But isn't that sort of what you do?"

"I guess it is. But I don't find it all that boring. I did study mathematics, arguably an even more boring subject so it's actually quite fun in comparison."

"I can't imagine studying math. The calculus for business majors was bad enough."

"I like it. Anyway what do you say you and I get some frozen yogurt?"

"That sounds awesome."

"Also, let me ask are you free next weekend? After the semester is finished."

"Yeah sure. Why?" 

"I think it's time you came over to my place."

Maria remembered our earlier conversation and looked excited. "Okay!"

-------

It was a week after my initial tryst with Maria that we were walking up to my front door. As we were nearing my residence, she seemed apprehensive about meeting my girlfriends, but she really wanted to be with me, to experience things she never had before, and be with someone who actually cared about her feelings even if it meant sharing. I think the orgasm of the previous week helped her overcome her reluctance.

We came up to a nice house in a quiet suburb. I put the key in and opened the door. I glanced at the bedroom immediately to the left of the entrance. The door was closed. I looked at the other bedroom and that door was closed. I surmised no one was home yet. 

I made my way further in the house toward the bedroom with Maria trailing behind me, as she was taking the house in. We entered a hallway. Maria's heart quickened. She was anticipating another round of sex with me all week but at the same time was feeling a bit of awkwardness at meeting my girlfriends.

We came up to the master bedroom; the door was closed. I knocked. I heard Dana's voice "Come in." Maria looked really nervous now. I opened the door to see Dana in a skimpy nightie, on the bed reading.

"Hey baby." I said. Dana looked up and smiled. "I hear the shower. I take it Sasha is in there?"

"Yeah. Probably getting off right about now." Dana replied nonchalantly.

I thought to myself "Atta girl", then I remembered I had a guest who might not be used to such open talk. I took a quick peek into her thoughts.

"Holy fuck he has a supermodel on the bed and another one in the shower? I can't compete with that."

Well I just have to fix those silly doubts of hers. She was a beautiful woman and she should know that. I stepped up to her and pulled her in front of me so I was facing her back. I stepped in and held her possessively. From behind I started lightly caressing her up and down her body.

"Dana this is Maria. We met while riding the bus together." I started kissing along the length of her neck. Maria was lost in the sensations. She was unprepared for the suddenness of my touch. She had little choice but to put the doubt aside and was losing herself in my embrace. She tried to get out a greeting but all that came out was a muddled whimper.

"She so cute." Dana observed. She stood up off the bed "Do I get to watch?"

With Maria in my embrace I lead us to the bed, never ceasing my attentions. "Of course, Sasha too when she's out."

"You're the best, hon." She went and sat over to a chair and table in the corner of the room.

I guided myself and Maria to the bed. Maria and I landed together. She hadn't quite understood what had happened but all she was concerned about was her growing desire and getting relief from these urges. She spun around to begin her own assault. She wrapped her arms around me and started to begin her own assault. It was on. We were lost in the moment as we groped, stroked, licked and tumbled.

Dana was engrossed in the spectacle. It was an experience she was well acquainted with over the years but one she had yet to tire of. Though I was too focused on the woman in my arms to notice, about 10 minutes into our make out session, Sasha came out of the bathroom.

"I knew it" She said to Dana and picked up a towel from a dresser, started drying herself and took a seat next to Dana.

By this point I had started to take off Maria's clothing, doing it slowly to draw out the experience. As I took off her top, I planted kisses all along her midriff. She looked at me in wonder. Once the shirt came over her head, I took her in close and proceeded to take off her bra. While kissing her neck and in my arms, I reached behind her and unclasped her bra. In a brief instant we separated and she tossed it aside like it was flier someone had handed her on the street. Once clear I went in again, going first to her neck. I proceeded on a downward trek with my kisses.

A little moan had escaped Maria as I got near her breasts. I wanted to draw this out, to tease her and show her pleasure beyond her imagination. Based on her expressions alone, I think I was doing a pretty good job. I made my way around the edge of her breasts, lightly gliding along her skin with my hands while I planted gentle, probing kisses. Closer and closer to the nipple, she was anticipating contact. As soon as I got to the edge of the nipple, I backed off back to the edge. She groaned a little at the loss. She wanted it bad.

I continued my teasing. Soon she was squirming, trying to force her nipple to my mouth. Oh no you don't. I held her down with my hands and continued my assault. God this was good. Soon after, she started struggling against my hands. Okay, she's really feeling it, time to go in. I suddenly took a nipple in my mouth and did wonderful things with my lips and tongue to her sensitive mammaries. She started moaning rather loudly.

After she rode out the sensations, I proceeded to take off her pants. Sliding down, I unzipped her jeans and began pushing down. She was too dazed to help me, but no matter. I was a sex god after all; I just levitated her form a bit and quickly removed the jeans then settled her back down on the bed. She was soaked.

I kneeled over her, with her down to her panties; in a hushed voice I asked "Are you ready?"

She was panting and in a daze. My question barely registered. "Wha?" was all Maria got out.

Without clarifying I jumped straight into the action and dove mouth first onto her cunt. She had never received this kind of attention before and she was unprepared for the pleasures of my mouth on her crotch. All over her thighs and crotch, kissing and licking, she began her wonderful moans again. She was quite literally delicious. I savored her taste.

Dana and Sasha were watching, casually commenting to each other. 

"I love when he does that to me." Dana looked on remembering the times I had done similar to her.

"I prefer the attentions on my breasts, but it is still good" Sasha replied still watching me have my way with Maria.

"Bah, that's because you can cum from that alone." Dana seemed a bit jealous at Sasha's natural sensitivity. "Oh shit he's going in..." 

Dana and Sasha started touching themselves as I started to work on Maria's clit. Once I had made contact with Maria's little nub, she gave out a shriek. Never had it felt this intense. Even when she used the vibrator, this was the most powerful sensations she had ever felt up to this point. Again the squirming. I took her and pinned her hips in my hands. She was going to take it the way I dictate.

I built her up to a glorious crescendo. What started out as a gentle licking was becoming quite a debauched sight with my mouth clamped down on Maria. She was trying to buck her hips harder as I increased the pace. Her hands writhed all along the bed, her head twisting about. Her legs were wrapped around my neck and shoulders. It was a wonderful sight, part of her struggling to be free, the other part yearning to be closer.

I could feel the moment. Maria gripped my head with her hands and clamped down with her legs.

"Oh shit...fuck" she gasped out as her orgasm consumed her. She leaked out more fluid and I lapped it up. She let out a sigh of contentment and stopped struggling. With her orgasm over, I let her cool down. Kissing and rubbing the inside of her thighs, blowing a little on her crotch. She was melting.

Maria had her eyes clenched shut as she came down. I glanced over to Dana and Sasha. I noticed they too had gushed a little down there. Those are my girls. I turned my attention back to Maria. With her eyes still closed I whispered in her ear. "Ready for more?"

Her eyes went wide open at my words and looked at me shocked. I just grinned and took her body and flipped her over onto her stomach. She gave a surprised yelp as I took her hips and pointed her spectacular ass upward. I was still clothed so in a fit of lust I used my powers and willed them off onto a heap on the floor. I was massively erect and rubbed my dick along Maria's slit.
