 Hello readers. You don't need to read previous chapters but it will be helpful in understanding some of the dynamics. The most basic thing you need to know is that the main character is a Sex God in a literal sense. He has the actual power to alter reality to his will and is quite adept at anything sexually related. 

Also Thank you for the support and the feedback. I appreciate it.

--------

I was at home browsing news site on my smart phone, drinking some tea. It was early in the morning on a Sunday. Dana was out of town visiting her parents and Sasha was away on business. Almost everyone else was still sleeping in. I was sitting at the dining room table in a t-shirt and sweats, ready for a lazy day around the house.

It was around half way through my cup of tea that Sarah came in. She had come in a tight fitting sports bra and loose jogging shorts with earbuds in her ears and a bottle of water in her hand. She was panting and sweating. She looked delicious.

"Morning Sarah. Have a good run?"

"You bet. Got a good 3 miles in." She opened the fridge and took out her pre-made post-workout shake made from pressed fruits and vegetables mixed in skim milk with added protein powder.

"So how come you're not down at the Gym? Don't you normally have a one-on-one client Sunday mornings?"

"She's on vacation right now in Hawaii. She gets a reprieve." She started chugging her juice.

I smirked. Sarah was a tough trainer that put you through the paces. I was the only one who gave her a run for her money in the gym, although it was unfair due to my powers. No mortal could do what I could.

"Any plans on your day off then?"

"Not really. Might do some yoga. Been feeling really stiff the last few days."

"If that's the case, might I interest you in one of my deep tissue massages?" I said with a hint of promise in my tone. . I revised my plan of being lazy around the house.

At my offer, Sarah took a deep breath, closed her eyes and gave a dreamy smile. She knew what else I was really offering and what was to come. "That would be wonderful. But we may need to have an extra-long session. I have a lot of tension to work out." She opened her eyes and she gave me a saucy look.

I got up from my chair and put my cup in the sink "The master bed room, 5 minutes." Sarah quickly downed the rest of her drink and hastily went to her room to prepare. I made my way to the master bed room to do the same.

Once in my room I used my powers to prepare. I willed the room to change; instead of a cozy bedroom, the space shifted into a more suitable setting. The décor became softer, the furniture vanished. In place of the bed, I created a massage table and an assortment of oils. I created candles all around the room, and for good measure manifested plenty of fresh towels. In five minutes, I transformed my boudoir into a decent massage parlor. On a whim I took off my shirt and sweat pants and was left in my boxer briefs to set the tone.

Right on the five minute mark Sarah came in, wrapped in a bathrobe. She was giddy as she closed the door behind her. She took a look at the room and my barely clothed form; she gave an awestruck murmur of approval for both.

"Why don't you lie face down here." I motioned to the massage table. Sarah made her way to the table, unfastened her robe and laid flat on her stomach. As she went to lay flat, I saw her upper body was nude underneath, her bare torso lay across the table while the robe covered her back. I peeled the robe off as if it were a drape; underneath Sarah was completely nude except for a black thong. She was trembling slightly from anticipation.

"Let's give you a scrub first. You haven't had time to wash after your morning run." I took a hot, damp towel and went in deliberate strokes across her back and along her sides. She lifted her trunk slightly and I scrubbed her torso. I drew it out along her wonderfully sculpted arms and perfectly toned legs. I took special pleasure in scrubbing her plump yet oh so firm ass. Throughout my attentions she gave low moans. Drying her was just as fun.

I took a dry warm towel and folded it, then draped it across her lower hips and buttocks. I took a fragrant palm oil and poured a bit onto my hands. "Let's begin."

I rubbed my hands and I started at her shoulders, rubbing deeply into her muscles. While doing this I tapped into her body with my powers. I made it so that every part I touched would relax and drain of soreness. As soon as I got into it, Sarah sank into a deep relaxation with a content smile on her lips.

"That feels great" Sarah was in heaven.

I continued my strokes down her spine and out across to her sides. Back and forth all along her back while using my god powers drive out any tenseness. I started over at her shoulders and began with light strokes. Sarah whimpered at this change but didn't stop enjoying it. It was at this point I started to give her more energy and elevate her arousal as well. A little bit at a time, she would get more and more horny. It was shaping up to be a wonderful Sunday.

"You weren't kidding when you had a lot of tenseness. I can feel it in your muscles." I made my way across her arms with deliberate circular strokes. "Breath deep Sarah. It'll help you relax."

She did as I instructed though she moaned while she did so. After working through her arms and shoulders for a good 10 minutes, I hopped over to her legs. I started at her ankles and worked my way up. From my vantage point I could see under the towel. Her sex was getting wetter by the minute. With her head turned away from me I shed my underwear and was left in the nude.

I stroked her inner thighs. She twitched a bit. Her energy levels and arousal were peaking. If I hadn't been using my powers to give her energy, most likely Sarah would have fallen asleep from being so relaxed. After 10 minutes of working the stiffness out of her legs and thighs, she noticed her arousal and gave a smirk. She knew exactly what was going on. My ministrations were coming to a crescendo.

"Let's flip over." She did as I instructed. I got a full view of a perfectly sculpted feminine torso. Toned, fit, and ready for action, Sarah was a goddess getting the attention she deserved. I put the towel back over her crotch.

"So Sarah, how do you feel?" I started stroking her shoulders down to the top of her breast.

"Great thanks. But I have a lot of tension in my obliques still. Make sure you take extra care of them." 

"Of course." I shifted to reach her abdomen. She noticed my nakedness and gasped. She also started salivating a little with a hungry look.

Sarah was entranced. Though my massage was quite relaxing, the energy I was channeling to her was making her a little restless. In between my strokes and presses, she fidgeted and looked up and down my nude form. I smiled down at her as I stroked her obliques.

"There, your obliques shouldn't give you any more trouble. So how's the soreness?"

"Much better, but I'm feeling a tense down here." She pointed to her crotch. "Do you have anything for that." She lifted her waist slightly, stuck her hips out a little, and gave it a wiggle.

"I just might." I pulled the towel off her crotch. I took her by the hips and pulled her toward me. With her legs hanging off the table, I pulled her thong to the side, and spread her glistening petals with my fingers.

She cooed with encouragement. I put the head of my cock at her entrance and slowly pushed in.

"Sarah remember to breath deep." While still inside her, I put her legs on top of my shoulders. I started thrusting.

Sarah just closed her eyes and gave a content smile. She felt wonderful around my cock. Her tight and toned walls around my cock contrasted and almost contradicted their softness. Even though she was in a relaxed state, her cunt involuntarily would squeeze me. Five minutes after long, hard thrusts Sarah started letting out her moans. I started stroking my hands along her hips and thighs. Having my hands all over her toned, taut muscles was driving me more and more wild. I quickened my pace.

Sarah responded to my quickened pace with more moans and tensing up in pleasure. With all the energy I gave her, she built up quickly. It a quick crescendo, Sarah used up almost all of the energy for an orgasm that rocked her whole body. She squeezed my cock and tensed up as her hips arched up in the released. I decided to let my control go and came with her. After our mutual release I pulled out of her and stood up off the massage table while Sarah relaxed on her back.

"So Sarah, is the tenseness gone?"

"Oh yes, thanks." Sarah closed her eyes and gave a dreamy smile. I heard a squishing noise. My cum had leaked out of her cunt.

"I'm happy to be of service. Why don't you relax for a bit then we can wash up."

"Mm-hmm." Sarah put her head into the pillow and seemed to nod off.

I made my way into the bathroom. I thought of another surprise for Sarah. I used my powers to change my bathroom into a more novel place to wash. I concentrated and the room transformed from a luxurious bathroom into something much more wild. Where there was tile, out sprouted lush, soft vegetation. Where there was a bathtub and shower turned into a pristine, natural hot spring; the water was crystal clear and steam was visible from the surface. Where there were walls, cabinets and sinks, now sprawl what seemed to be a large jungle with the sun shining overhead.

I called out to the gorgeous woman in my makeshift massage parlour. "Sarah, the bath is drawn. Join me.

I heard her voice. "Coming sweetie."

She opened the door to the bathroom. She was still enjoying my cum sloshing around inside her as she walked in with her eyes closed, still smiling wide. She was lightly stroking along her crotch as she strode in.

"God, I love the feelings I get after sex with you. Ooo. What is that body wash scent? It has a wonderful natural spring aroma to it."

I smirked at that. She hadn't noticed the smell was coming from the surroundings. She pushed the door closed behind her. At that moment, She opened her eyes and realized this wasn't quite the master bathroom. As the door closed behind her I used my powers to hide it. It now appeared as if we were in a wilderness with no evidence it had ever been touched by humans.

I was standing there near the hot spring in front of her, still in my naked glory. I was glistening with sweat with disheveled hair. I held out my hand and motioned for Sarah to come toward the hot spring.

"Let me wash you Sarah."

Sarah was like a kid getting a present. She lit up and glided toward me. I held out my hand and she took it. I stepped into the water and led her into it with me. We walked hand in hand to the center of the pool of hot water. Sarah let out a sigh as she felt the warmth of the water pervade her.

We stopped in the middle of the pool with the water coming up just short of Sarah's pert breasts. I put my hand behind her head and pulled her in. She leaned in and braced herself against my chest. I pulled her head to one side and started planting kisses along her exposed neck. Sarah mewled as she went deeper into relaxed contentment.

I whispered in her ear "Ready?"

"You bet." She whispered back.

I turned her so I was on her left flank. I started rubbing along her arm and shoulder. I had no need for soap. I just used my powers to clean. At the same time, I got rid of any further tension I could sense in the muscle. I started to shift so I was facing her back. I rubbed up and down from the shoulder to her hips going down her sides. I found my way to her right flank and continued my cleaning. Sarah had her eyes closed throughout. Her breathing was quickening as I worked her muscles.

Once I finished her right arm, I hugged her from behind. She pressed herself back into my embrace. I started massaging her front. All along her taut abdomen and her soft cleavage, I worked my hands into her flesh. Sarah seemed to melt at the stimulation. I kept up 'cleaning' her torso for a good 10 minutes. I pulled her toward the edge to a large, smooth rock. I pulled her up out of the water and sat her down on the rock so her legs were still hanging off submerged in the pool. Sarah quickly shot a confused look to me but it quickly evaporated into a look of wanton pleasure as I started stroking along her legs.

Only a minute after stoking her legs and thighs I proclaimed, "Still one place we need to clean."

Sarah looked at me expectantly. I gave a very naughty grin. Suddenly I ceased my stroking, and grabbed her by the hips. While she was still seated on that rock, I started doing wonderful things to her with my mouth. I kissed and licked all along her inner thighs and crotch. Sarah gasped and leaned her head back. She grabbed the back of my head, pushing me to go harder.

For a good 10 minutes I savored her. I tasted her sweet juices mixed with a little of my leftovers. Sarah was moaning and writhing while my mouth worked on her clit. In a quick instant, Sarah came, gushing more love juices. After her sharp climax, I blew gently on her crotch.

After Sarah came down she had enough energy to crack a joke. "You forgot to wash behind the ears."

I grinned. "Well I'll have to fix that."

I pulled Sarah back into the pool by her hips. I took her once again from behind grabbing her hip and shoulder. I proceeded to kiss along her upper neck behind her ears. Sarah moaned a little while giggling.

"There. All clean." I joked.

"Thanks." Sarah closed her eyes and relaxed in my arms.

While her eyes were closed, I willed to room back to its original state. We ended up sitting in the bathtub filled with hot water.

"Okay Sarah. Let's get dried off."

Sarah looked up from the pool and was confused to see the master bathroom and not the wilderness she was just in. I got out of the bathtub. I grabbed two towels off the rack and started drying myself with one. I walked over to Sarah and gave her a hand out of the tub. She just smiled nodding her head. She took my hand and stepped out of the water. I wrapped her in the other towel. She mimicked my actions and dried herself off.

"So the stiffness gone?" I asked

"Oh there's definitely some stiffness." Sarah stepped up to me and stroked my still hard cock.

"I meant with you."

Sarah gave a cute giggle, "Just teasing. But no, the tenseness is gone. All better thanks."

We stepped out of the bathroom into the master bedroom to find it had reverted to its original state. The clock on the night stand said it was only a little past 11am.

"So Sarah want some eggs?"

"You bet. I'm gonna get changed."

Sarah took the towel and started massaging her scalp with it. We were rather casual around the house so Sarah just sauntered out, essentially naked, to her room to get changed.

Right as Sarah left I heard a feminine gasp. I extended my senses out and learned that it was Helen who gasped at seeing a naked Sarah walk past her open door. I just smiled. Well almost everyone was rather casual. I'm sure if Kristen were around to see Sarah in the nude she'd give a wolf whistle to approve.

I returned my thoughts to drying and clothing myself, then getting ready to make brunch. As I was changing Dana walked into the master bedroom with her luggage. She had an accusatory grin on her face.

"Hey babe. You're home early. I thought you weren't gonna get here until late afternoon."

"I decided to book an earlier flight. So I said hello to Sarah as I walked in." Her grin grew wider.

I gave a naughty grin back. "And how is she this fine morning?"

"Oh she looks quite well. As a matter of fact, she said you gave her a massage."

"As a matter I fact, I did. She said she had a lot of tension to work out." I turned coy.

Dana started speaking in a child-like voice. "Don't I get a massage?"

She looked so cute when she acted like this. We both started laughing and she ran over to give me a hug. I took her in my arms and started kissing her neck. After a moment we settled down.

"Of course you get one. How about later tonight."

"It's a date."

We let go of each other and I finished changing. "So babe, you want some grub? I was about to make Sarah some eggs."

"That's sounds great."

"Ready in 20." I made my way out of the room to the kitchen, leaving Dana to change and unpack.

With my t-shirt and sweats back on, I entered the kitchen to peruse the contents of our refrigerator. Because of Tori, our fridge was always well stocked on all kinds of culinary delights. I spied eggs and sliced black forest ham on one shelf, artichoke hearts and good sharp cheddar on another. In the vegetable drawer we had onions, an assortment of peppers, jalapeños, and some wonderful heirloom tomatoes. I pulled a cornucopia of ingredients and started making the first thing that came to mind: omelets.

Now as a being with immense powers over reality, I could have just willed all the food into existence. I don't find that as fun. Living with the vast amount of power I have, I'll tell you something; you begin to miss the payoff of putting in the time and effort, plus the novelty of food appearing out of nowhere loses it luster after the first few times. There is something to be said of doing something by hand. So I set forth literally cracking a few eggs. I found some butter in the fridge and started sautéing some onions and peppers on the stove.

Soon the wonderful smells of my labor pervaded the kitchen. Shortly after Sarah came in wearing a grey sweater and matching sweatpants. She still looked sexy.

"So Sarah, egg whites only?"

"Of course. Hold the cheese and whole wheat toast."

"Coming right up." I got the bread from the pantry and plopped two pieces of whole wheat into the toaster.

As my vegetables cooked, I added the egg whites and let it sizzle. After a few minutes I flipped the egg mixture and cooked it further. After I was satisfied that the omelet was finished I put it on a plate with the wheat toast. My nerdiness popped up as I thought to myself this was more of a scrabble since I wasn't flipping it over on itself like an omelet. My thoughts were interrupted by Dana coming in.

"Hi Dana." Sarah stood up to hug Dana.

"Hi Sarah." Dana hugged her back.

"How was your trip?" Sarah sat back down.

"Oh it was nice. Tiring though. New shampoo? Smells fantastic."

Sarah turned to look at me and smiled, "Something like that yeah."

The two women chatted as I played on the stove starting work on Dana's omelet. I quickly put a kettle of water to make some black tea. 

"Thanks. So Dana what would you like in your scramble?"

"Ham and peppers with extra cheese."

"Coming right up."

About five minutes in to their conversation, the kettle started whistling. I poured both ladies a cup of some nice black tea and set a cup of sugar on the table. One minute later, Dana's omelet had finished and I served it to her at the dining table.

"Ever the kind host." Dana complimented me.

It was as I set her omelet on the table that, Irina and Kristen walked into the kitchen. Both looked they had just woken up as both had disheveled hair while still wearing their pajamas. Irina was giving a massive yawn.

"Morning you two. Care for breakfast?"

Irina finished her yawn and replied, "Oh that would be lovely. Vegetables only, no cheese."

Kristen grunted. She then just rubbed her face to shake off the grogginess. In a rather hoarse voice she said, "Whatever you got."

"Coming right up."

I went back and tinkered on the stove to fill their orders. All the girls sat around the table conversing with each other. As they did so I made a quick stop by the table to leave a large pot of hot water and black tea for the new comers. It was a friendly environment. I stopped to look at the scene for a moment. It warmed my heart to see the group of friends interacting. I delighted in how comfortable everyone was with each other, almost as if we were family.
