 Hello readers. You don't need to read previous chapters but it will be helpful in understanding some of the dynamics. The most basic thing you need to know is that the main character is a Sex God in a literal sense. He has the actual power of a deity to alter reality to his will and is quite adept at anything sexually related. 

Thank you for the support and the feedback.

------

I was aware of my surroundings as I began to awaken from peaceful slumber. Even though my powers afforded me the option of not having to sleep ever, I still enjoyed the activity, or rather you could call it the lack of activity, especially when joined by a partner or two. After a moment, I became totally alert to the dim bedroom; looking out the window I saw the sun just starting to peek over the horizon. It looked like it was going to be a beautiful morning. I looked at the two wonderful vixens affixed to my body on both sides.

On my left a slumbering Dana in her red night gown; she looked so peaceful even though she was snoring slightly. I looked over to my right to find a nude Sasha. I looked at her admiring the view; even naked in slumber she looked like a composed woman. I turned my head and looked over to the clock: 6:17am.

I closed my eyes a little and concentrated my power. I woke both of my women out of their slumber. We never needed an alarm clock. Being an actual god had its perks. With my greater awareness and tireless senses, I never accidentally overslept.

"Time to wake up ladies." I stroked a shoulder with both my hands. Sasha got up slowly, smiling as she awoke.

"Thank you darling." Her Russian accent a pleasant beginning to my mornings.

"5 more minutes honey." Dana grumbled as she shifted off of me and splayed herself face down on the pillows.

I gave a light chuckle. "Okay sweetie." I move her tangled mane and kissed her neck.

Sasha and I made our way to get ready to tackle the Wednesday ahead of us. Sasha got in the shower as I just started getting dressed. Another perk of being a god, I don't need to take showers to stay clean, though showers with others are still a favorite diversion. As Sasha finished in the shower 10 minutes later, Dana finally made her way out of bed. Sasha started dressing while Dana shuffled into the bathroom. I made my way to the kitchen.

As I walked into the kitchen, I pondered what I would have for breakfast. I noticed a spread on the counter with a handwritten note. Although a name was not on the note I recognized the handwriting as Tori's:

"Hi honey. Made you something before I left for the morning shift. XOXO"

I looked at the spread on the table. Tori had made crepes with many different fillings including all sorts of fresh fruits, cream, drawn butter along with some hard boiled eggs, and grilled ham. Off to the side of the counter there was already a pot of coffee brewed. I took a deep inhale of the coffee and identified it as a premium Guatemalan blend. I smiled. I definitely had to thank Tori the next time I saw her.

I dug into the gourmet feast. Not long after I started munching, Helen joined me, dressed in scrubs with her hospital identification, ready to go to work. She methodically went into a cupboard and pulled out a packet of granola and a carton of juice from the fridge.

"Good morning Helen."

"Morning." She looked at me with a slight blush. She walked to take a seat at the dining table.

"Did Kyle come home last night?" I made conversation

"Oh he got caught up in the lab. He probably slept on the floor again."

"Well only another semester and he can leave that life behind him."

"Hopefully." Helen's expression turned a little more serious. "While I have you here, I would kindly ask that you keep the noise down while others are trying to sleep."

I gave a grin at Helen. I had been a little wild with Irina before going to bed. She shifted a bit at my lecherous gaze. I politely responded.

"I apologize. I'll be more discrete in the future."

Helen wasn't sure what to do with that. She seemed to take issue that clearly I had been proud of the amount of noise produced, though my politeness seemed to disarm her somewhat.

"I appreciate it." Helen just went back to eating her breakfast.

With that, Sasha came into the kitchen dressed in a grey business suit. She looked ready to conquer the world.

"What's all this?" Sasha saw the treats left by Tori.

"Something Tori made. Have some." I motioned to the spread.

Sasha helped herself to the food laid out and sat at the table. When she took a bite, she took a moment as if to ponder. After a few moments she nodded her head in approval. We spent a few minutes quietly eating when Dana appeared. She was similarly dressed as Sasha, in formal business attire wearing heels. She still looked a bit groggy.

"Coffee's ready sweetie." I pointed to the coffee pot. Dana perked up at the mere mention of caffeine. She made her way to the cupboard to grab a mug and poured a glass. As she did this Helen had finished and was on her way out.

"Have a good day Helen." Dana said as Helen made her exit.

"Thanks. You too." She responded.

Dana took a seat at the table. She gave her coffee a big splash of cream and sipped her coffee; she gave a content sigh. "This is great coffee."

"You can thank Tori. She made it before she left."

"She's come a long way." Dana smiled warmly as she continued sipping. As she enjoyed the coffee she noticed the spread. "Oooo! Crepes! Gimme some."

Sasha and I smiled. We loved the occasional childishness from Dana. I took a few more bites of my crepe with diced sweetened strawberries, sliced banana, and cream. As I savored the taste I reflected on Tori; Dana was right that she had come a long way and I was proud of her. I got up to excuse myself.

"Excuse me ladies. I have a bus to catch."

"Have a good day at work honey." Dana said with her mouth partially full.

"Thanks sweetie. You too."

-----

So I found myself, at work. In between making a power point presentation and wading through an endless pile of paperwork, I also had a bunch of applications to my department pending for my approval. HR wanted me to select any qualified candidates they could potentially hire. After thumbing through a few, none looked like particularly appealing candidates. I must have lost track of time; as I finished looking through resumes, I found it was almost 3pm.

I was pleasantly surprised as there were only 2 more hours of work, but was slightly disappointed I worked through lunch. Like sleeping, I don't need to eat or drink but hey I enjoy a good meal. I received another surprise shortly after at 4:15pm. Dana called.

"Hey babe. What's up?" I answered into the phone.

"Hi honey. I was wondering could you pick up something on your way home? I'm having a get together with a bunch of my girlfriends."

"What kind of get together?" I had a not-so-innocent tone when I asked.

I heard a wilt of laughter over the phone, "Oh nothing like that baby. A friend of mine wants to show off her new home. Apparently quite luxurious. She'll be making us dinner and showing off her place. I wanted to get a house warming gift possibly to go with dinner."

"Oh okay. This wouldn't happen to be your snooty lawyer friend would it?"

"Oh don't be mean baby. Kara just has expensive tastes."

"I'll pick up a good wine."

"Thanks honey, you're the best."

"Love you sweetie. Bye." I ended the call.

I resumed my working. 5pm came quickly. The surprises for the day were only beginning.

------

There was a quaint wine shop by the building I worked in. What I also like about it was that there was also a really good outdoor market near there. After picking out an Italian wine that caught my eye as well as a Riesling (just because it looked like a fantastic wine), I decided to pick up a few things at the outdoor market because everything looked so wonderful. While walking around I took in all the fantastic produce on hand and the bustling of people clamoring for the best on offer. I picked out some wonderful Kale, heirloom tomatoes, and some very fragrant carrots that caught my attention, and many various other comestibles that just screamed 'eat me'. Right around the time I got a wonderful box of strawberries, another surprise of the day appeared. I noticed a young woman at a stall inspecting bunches of broccoli. This woman looked so familiar; I just knew I had seen her before. 

I scrutinized her appearance to jar the memory. She was slim, with curly dirty blonde hair to her shoulders and had light brown eyes. Her face was soft framed by a cute nose and accentuated by rosy lips. She has a slime build and was wearing jeans with a white t-shirt and tan jacket. Her small handbag on her shoulder was a girly pink. Pink...

Then it dawned on me: Jaime. It all came flooding back and I began to give a Cheshire grin. Of course, how could I forget Jaime. A few weeks ago my lovely girlfriend Dana had seduced two young, nubile beauties (what a player); Jaime was one of them. The more impressive part of that story is that Jaime and the other woman Alexandra were not lesbians, yet Dana had managed to take them both to bed at the same time and pleasure them silly. The color pink reminded me of Jaime as it was Jaime's favorite color; I remember fondly when I used my powers to dress her in a pink nightie and matching pink silk thong when she lay passed out after Dana's attentions. She looked so sweet napping in it. 

Just out of curiosity I peeked inside her head. It was in fact Jaime. She had a bunch of mundane tasks swimming in her head at the moment. I could also sense lingering desire for Dana as well as her natural inclination toward men. I was intrigued to learn she was wearing the same silk thong I created for and a bra that nearly matched. I had to say hello. I walked over to her while she was still preoccupied with the produce.

"Jaime, right?" I asked in a friendly tone.

She stopped looking at the green bunches and looked at who had called her name. Her eyes settled on me. As she looked at me, she looked confused but intrigued; she did not recognize the handsome stranger. I saw her confusion and guessed she didn't recognize me. Though she didn't recall me, she looked up and down trying to hide her approval. She liked what she saw. She gave me a smile.

"Yes I'm Jaime. Can I help you?"

"Oh no, Just saying hello."

"Well hello then. I'm sorry I don't really recall meeting you before."

"I'm not surprised you don't remember me." The corner of my lip curled into a joking smile.

She tilted her head and smiled a little as if waiting for the punch line. "And why exactly is that?"

My grin turned a little naughty. "Because you were too distracted by Dana at the time."

Jaime brought a hand to her mouth and gasped. She stood there in a silent pause. With my sixth sense for all things sexual, I felt her arousal spike with the memories that came flooding back at the mention of Dana. Her cheeks became a little flush as she recalled vividly such a kinky, unique, and memorable experience. In fact she had often thought of arranging another meeting with Dana. I continued.

"If you're having trouble remembering me, think back to the end when you fell asleep. Do you remember glancing at the older woman at the table?"

Jaime got redder. She did recall the other woman Dana introduced, Sasha she thought her name was. They were introduced briefly and then the next thing after that the clothes came off. She was so turned on at the time. Never before had she even considered that with another woman let alone two other women. The more she thought about it afterwards the more surreal the experienced seemed. She never thought she could have a lesbian threesome with a fourth woman watching. After the whirlwind love making she did remember glancing over to Sasha and thought she was hallucinating because she caught a glimpse of a tall, handsome man giving Sasha unbridled pleasure. That was her last memory before passing out. Now that this stranger brought it up, he did look familiar. No it couldn't be the same man.

"I vaguely remember." She sounded very unsure of herself at the moment. "Are you..." She hesitated and lowered her voice as if keeping a secret, "Are you Dana's boyfriend?"

I lowered my voice to a whisper, "Yes."

Jaime had spoken with Dana since their fated night together. She was a great listener and enjoyed Dana's verbal company. She had mentioned her male lover. She always wondered what kind of man could satisfy a woman like Dana. The answer, now that she was speaking with him in person, left her overwhelmed a little. From the moment she laid eyes on him she found him attractive. She could not understand why but she instinctively knew she wanted him. She did not speak for a full minute as I smiled at her.

I broke the silence, "So Jaime, do you like the pink nightie and underwear that I picked out?"

Jaime impulsively raised her voice, "That's was you?!" Her slight outburst garnered a few strange looks.

I could feel her arousal growing. She loved that nightie and the underwear was the most comfortable she had. Not to mention she also happened to be wearing the aforementioned undergarment at the moment. She thought Dana had gotten them for her as a parting gift. She never bothered to question Dana about it the following morning because of all the other thoughts of pleasure she had. Now that she thought about it, she remembered thinking she wanted what Sasha had since she loved being with a man, and that man she thought she saw looked like he knew how to bring a woman to ecstasy (if Sasha's screams were any indication). She hadn't gotten any from a man since she dumped her last creep of a boyfriend over 4 months ago. This man was stirring feelings in her. They felt almost like a craving that needed to be satisfied. 

While Jaime was lost in her thoughts I asked casually, "What are you doing for dinner?"

Her mind had trouble processing the question. "I...uhh, was gonna make dinner at home."

"Would you like some company?"

I could sense the swirl of feelings and desires; on the one hand she would love my company, on the other she had a lot of embarrassment and doubt of inviting a man she desired to her home so quickly, especially with her last relationship ending in disaster. Not only that, she realized that she wasn't a very good cook. What if he ends up being the man of my dreams and I scare him away with my terrible stir-fry? She was quite flustered. Using my powers I put her more at ease and pushed aside her silly doubts. Once the turmoil of emotions and thoughts subsided, she clearly felt her desire. Though the embarrassment remained, she threw caution to the wind.

"Sure. You can meet me at my apartment say around 6:00pm." She told me the address and apartment number. After Jaime did so, she momentarily was shocked at herself. She couldn't believe she openly invited someone to her apartment like that. The novelty of the situation and her own boldness got her a little more excited.

"Sounds great. You know, let me help with dinner. I have all this great produce. We can enjoy it together."

Jaime just nodded and in a soft voice said "okay"

"Great, see you at 6."

"Sounds great." She could not believe she was actually going through with this.

With that, I walked away. I walked out of sight with my purchases, with a feeling of excitement. Since I was anxious to get this party started, I quickly made the short trip back to my workplace, almost jogging. I made sure no one was watching while I stepped into the first floor bathroom with groceries. Didn't feel like explaining that. With no one present in the bathroom, I used my powers to teleport home rather than wait for the bus. I found myself in the master bedroom of the house. I looked over to see Dana dressing. She appeared to be in the process of putting on her outfit. She only had on her dress shirt that was unbuttoned and her red lingerie. Her skirt and jacket were laid out nicely on the bed. I quietly put down the groceries and crept up on my sexy beauty. Dana was in the process of buttoning up her dress shirt when I snaked a hand around her waist and used the other hand to push her face to meet my lips.

"Surprise!" I whispered as I pulled her into me and kissed her right on the lips. She gave a muffled squeal of surprise and confusion. It quickly morphed into a low moan of pleasure as she put her hand behind my head and pulled me deeper in the kiss. I broke the kiss to meet her loving gaze.

"You're home early. Didn't feel like taking the bus?"

"No. I had an interesting encounter and possibly a long night ahead of me."

"Ooo. Do tell. But first what did you get me?" Dana was facing me as she momentarily halted putting on her clothes for the evening. Her dress shirt was open exposing her perfectly sculpted belly and provocative red underwear. A lesser man would break down to grovel at the beauty in front of me. I went to the table, grabbed a bottle, and held it out turned so the label was visible.

"I got you a bottle of 2011 Inama Soave Classico. Aromatic and crisp, it's like Chablis but dryer. It goes well with seafood dishes, which I recall Kara had a fondness for." I walked over and placed the bottle on the small table in the corner of the room.

"Good memory. She said she was serving halibut. Surprised you called her by her name and not 'snooty lawyer friend'. Thanks baby." Dana continued dressing. "So back to the juicy bit. Why teleport home so suddenly if not just to tease me?"

"It certainly is a wonderful side benefit." I blew Dana a kiss and grinned "More to the point you'll never guess who I ran into while getting the wine."

Dana grinned back and immediately retorted, "Well if I'm never going to guess stop being such a cocktease and just tell me."

I pulled a frown, "Spoilsport." We shared a laugh. "I ran into Jaime."

Dana paused for a moment. She suddenly recalled the name and gave her naughty grin that I loved so much. "And I suppose you arranged a get-together?"

"Perhaps." I said coyly. Dana knew that I had an evening with Jaime ahead of me.

Dana nodded her approval, "I'm a bit jealous. She is such a cutie."

"Maybe we can look forward to future meetings." I wiggled my eyebrows up and down

"I'd love that. Oh that reminds me. Alexandra wanted some more play time. Possibly with a man involved."

"Well I think we can arrange that. Have fun honey."

"You too sweetie. Thanks for the wine."

I made my exit from the bedroom and headed to the kitchen to collect the food items I would need. I brought the recently purchased groceries to the kitchen along with the Riesling. I did a quick check and realized I didn't have a protein to round out any dish we would be making. I peeked in the fridge to see nothing of interest. To save time I decided to teleport to the market and pick something up on the way. With that I was off.

-------

I found myself right at Jaime's apartment door at 5:58pm with a tote bag full of vegetables and a package of sliced ribeye. I gave a knock. Jaime opened the door hesitantly. She was smiling but acting rather shyly. I thought it was cute.

"Come in." She said softly.

I entered into her cozy apartment. As I strode to the kitchen to put down the tote bag, I made casual conversation. "So Jaime what have you been up to in the past few weeks?"

"Just been keeping busy at work. I've been meaning to take a vacation soon."

"We could all use a good break. So let's start on dinner. Hope you like beef."

"Love it."

I got right into it, going through her cupboard and pantry gathering the necessary items. Like a machine I found a suitable fry pan, spatula, cutting board, knife and various seasonings suitable for a stir fry. Based on her expression Jaime probably didn't remember having all these things. Jaime seemed fascinated as I did various tasks around the kitchen. I poured soy sauce, in a bowl with garlic, ginger, and a bit of sugar, black pepper and started mixing it with the beef.
