 Hello readers. You don't need to read previous chapters but it will be helpful in understanding some of the dynamics. The most basic thing you need to know is that the main character is a Sex God in a literal sense. He has the actual power to alter reality to his will and is quite adept at anything sexually related. 

Any feedback, comments, or constructive criticism would be welcome.

---

6:32am

I was lying in bed entwined with two wonderful ladies. While outwardly I appeared asleep I was mostly conscious and aware. Being an actual God with the unlimited power of the universe flowing through me granted me the ability to never require sleep to sustain my physical body or mental state. I could still do it and from time to time I indulged myself in the activity, especially when I go into my lovers' dreams and have all manner of pleasures not possible in the waking world.

Today I had a lot to do and decided to fully 'wake up'. I opened my eyes and took in the master bedroom in the dawn, light slowly flooding my surroundings from the rising sun. I disengaged from my two lovers and smiled as they found their way into each others' arms without the benefit of consciousness. I went to the small table in the corner of the bedroom where my laptop was also in its slumber. I woke it to check the schedule I left in my calendar.

It's going to be a busy Saturday I thought to myself as a read the schedule:

7:30am-8:30am: Gym session. w/ Sarah

10:00am-11:30am: Sasha. Real estate viewing

12:30pm: Lunch with Jaime & Dana

2:00pm-3:00pm: Dimitri's exhibition

4:00pm-5:30pm: Weekend Shift Check-in

6:30pm-7:00pm: Irina 'Quality Time'

7:30pm: Kristen B-day dinner.

9:00pm: Kristen 'gift'

I pondered what to do until it was time to leave for the gym. I could get there in about half an hour with time to spare so I had roughly thirty minutes. I looked over at the two women on my bed. Sasha was fast asleep as was Dana. I sensed that Dana was dreaming. Well I found my diversion for the next half hour. I pulled a chair up to the side of the bed where Dana was and sat down. I focused myself into her dream.

In an instant, my environment had shifted; I found myself in a classroom. In it, there was a teacher, at her desk sternly watching a pupil, who was sitting at a student desk with the table attached to the seat. There were no others in this classroom but for the three of us. 

The student seemed to be struggling with an assignment settled in front of her as she was writing frantically, then in frustration erasing what she had wrote. I walked over to get a better look at what was going on. My motions went unnoticed by the teacher-student pair.

"Five more minutes young lady then you have to turn in whatever you have, finished or not." The teacher's tone seemed to admonish the student. 

At this warning, the student seemed to take on a more fearful expression and quickened her pace as if this assignment was a matter of life or death. I noticed several things at this moment: The student was dressed in her underwear and the student was actually Dana. I figured this was an anxiety dream or possibly a nightmare. I wasn't having that so I willed the teacher to disappear and I took her place.

Just because I could, I made my clothes vanish and stood gloriously naked and sported an impressive erection. I took on the role of teacher: "Well young lady I think that is enough time."

"No! I'm almost done. Just another minute." She scribbled as fast as she could. I had a fleeting rational thought that anything she wrote at this point would probably be illegible.

I walked over to the student desk where she was sitting; I pulled Dana out of her seat and locked her in my grasp. Without any preamble I started kissing her neck roughly simultaneously groping her ass. Dana gasped and moaned at the suddenness of the contact. Even in her dream, out of habit she melted into me returning my affection and my lust forgetting any thoughts of finishing the assignment. In the middle of our embrace, I reached down and unclasped Dana's cute, red bra that barely contained her sumptuous bounty. Her wonderful breasts plopped out for all to see. I stepped back briefly to see how Dana would react.

I licked my lips at the view of Dana's exposed belly and breasts. Her hair was disheveled and had a slight blush on her cheeks. Dana looked at me with hunger. Almost as quickly as I had pulled her out of the seat, in a quick motion, Dana ripped off her panties, tossed them aside and leaped out at me, leaving the garment in tatters on the floor. Once she got a hold of me she indiscriminately planted fervent kisses all over and rubbed me via her aforementioned sumptuous bounty. Gone was any rational thought (as rational as you can get in a dream anyway) and in its place were carnal desires and the need to satisfy herself.

It was my turn to moan as I let Dana work her magic with her tongue, hands, breasts, and any other body part she could. During her explorations she suddenly dropped to her knees and in a swift motion pulled on my cock and planted a kiss. I wasn't complaining so she immediately started licking at my half hard cock pointing at her lovely face. Over the years Dana learned to do incredible things and could get nearly anybody's rocks off; to say she was gifted with her mouth did not come anywhere close to articulating the skills and creativity she had. Her long, slick tongue swirled around my head. As she was swirling around my head her eyes gave me that sexy knowing look that got me every time. She took a moment to start flicking her tongue at the base of my cock and slowly teased her way up to the tip.

Without any warning she took all of my cock in her throat and mouth down to the hilt. I gasped as she started massaging the length with her throat and tongue. After a few up and down strokes, Dana released my fully hard shaft out of her mouth and started gingerly licking along the sides, down to the balls, while her hands caressed my legs up to my ass. I felt myself starting to release. At that moment Dana choose to release the length of my cock, instead planting light kisses on the tip. I groaned at the loss of her hot mouth fully wrapped around my cock and receded from the edge of climax. Dana, while she still had the tip in her mouth, gave me a self-satisfied grin. She knew exactly what she was doing; honestly though I loved the teasing as much as she does.

I look down at her with a mixture of lust and adoration, "Oh fuck baby you know how to turn me on."

While still looking at me, Dana steadied my cock with her hands, and with those beautiful, pouty and glossy lips, gave me a deep kiss on my little head. After the kiss she stood up and put her mouth to my ear; in a husky whisper she let me know, "I need it now."

She released my cock from her grip and it springs up pointing to the ceiling, pulsating and twitching with pleasure. She turns around to present herself to me grabbing the student desk; her wondrous bottom pointing at me, she smiles her naughty smile. I need no further encouragement as I step up to her and grasp her by the hips. As I hold her hips possessively, she wiggles her ass while gripping the desk to entice me further.

"Hurry baby." She exclaims in dire need.

In a swift motion, my cock penetrates her moist cunt. Dana moans and bends even more, her chest nearly pressing into the table; Dana in the initial throes of pleasure is something I never tire of. Still holding her hips I start thrusting and I drive in to Dana with force. With each stroke I grow more and more fervent, marveling as her tits sway back and forth brushing against the coldness of the desk. Both of us moan and grunt as we build. It was a quick rutting as we built up in a matter of minutes. In a simultaneous climax, Dana's spasming pussy matches my spasming cock. At this point Dana is fully bent over coming all over my cock as I spill my load into her. Before the orgasm ended I pulled her upright so her back was into me, pulled her head so our lips could meet, and planted a kiss on her lips. Long after our orgasms subsided we continued the lip lock as our combined juices leaked onto floor.

Right then I got a really freaky thought. I pulled her up so she's sitting on my shoulders with her twat right in front of my face. I latched on with my mouth and suck everything out. Dana for her part was speechless and didn't make a sound while I sucked her dry. To her it was so weird, to have a feeling of fullness suddenly and somewhat forcefully give way to a feeling of emptiness. Once I had all my sperm and a lot of her juices, I pulled her back into a French kiss. She moaned in happiness as she took all I could give her. Oddly enough, she felt full and satisfied again.

She licked her lips and said, "Mmm delicious. You are such a pervert sometimes."

Jokingly I replied, "Only sometimes?" We both laughed

"So I guess you won't have to finish that assignment" I joked as Dana swallowed the remnants of my spunk.

"Thanks for rescuing me. I didn't study any of my vocabulary.", she gave a cute grin

I chuckled, "Alright. Pleasant dreams."

In a disappointed voice Dana asked, "Leaving so soon?"

"I have an appointment with Sarah at the gym. She thinks she can outlast me this time."

"She doesn't have a chance." Dana said as-a-matter-of-fact-ly.

"Trying is what matters. So I hate to leave you hanging but here. Let me help you out with the pleasant dreams."

I held Dana close and in an instant our environment changed. We stood on a warm tropical beach with a comfortable sun overhead and a slight breeze. Next to us there was a beach umbrella with a lounge chair and table set up. Standing at attention at that table were two large, very muscular men in skimpy waiter outfits one holding towels, the other a fruity cocktail and exotic looking hors d'oeuvres. Dana smiled and took a seat on the lounge chair having donned a skimpy outfit herself.

"These gentlemen will see to your every desire. So have fun."

Dana eyed the waiters appreciatively. She took the drink offered and breathed a relaxed breath. "Thanks honey."

Moments later I found myself back in the waking world. I looked over at the clock: 7:02am. It was time I headed to the gym.

-----

7:36am

"So we're going to do a new circuit, repeating the circuit without rest until failure. As always first one to failure loses." Sarah explained.

"Got it. So what circuit have you cooked up this time?" I asked as I put on my workout gloves.

"So for one full circuit we're gonna do Hindu squats, into regular push-ups, into jack knifes, into no-weight lunges, into chin-ups. 10 reps for each exercise, no rest between exercises, and obviously no rest between circuits."

"All body weight exercises huh? Interesting strategy."

"Oh I'll win." Sarah was determined.

"Bring it on." 

We took positions face to face below a cable machine that had two chin up bars. When we got to chin ups in our circuit we would be within arm's reach. It was a mutual referee system where we would look at each others' forms and technique to make sure neither was cheating on any exercise. We looked at each other in the position to start the circuit.

"On 3." Sarah said. I just put my arms out waiting to start squats.

"1. 2. 3." Sarah counted off.

And we started our rounds. The first set went quickly. We locked eyes in competition as we squatted. We rolled right into push-ups where we plunging face first into the floor. We saw each other briefly as we came to push up to complete the exercise. And so it went for each transition we locked onto each other while straining to keep form on each rep. It was on the chin-ups Sarah started breaking into a sweat. I on the other hand due to having godly powers looked calm and full of energy.

"Starting to get tired?" Sarah was taunted me a little even though it was obvious I wasn't straining at all.

"Not any time soon."

Or never for that matter. Thanks to my godly powers, I could have continued indefinitely. In fact I have to admit something to you. Being an actual God, I don't need to work out at all to maintain physical strength or my appearance. I could literally sit on a couch for an entire year eating nothing but pastries and deep fried food nonstop and never gain any weight or lose any muscle mass. So you may ask why I would I ever step foot in the gym at all if it was not required. Many reasons actually. The gym is a great place to help me practice using my powers and maintain my sharpness with them. Also it's great just to be around other people and gives me time to think. Of course it is a great place to meet hot women.

Lastly there's Sarah. A few years back when I discovered the potential benefits of the gym and started attending regularly, I met Sarah. Due to my powers of infinite endurance and boundless strength, Sarah was infatuated with me. She has been employed here as a personal trainer/fitness instructor/diet coach since before I started coming here. One day I was using my powers to concentrate on a 150 kg (about 330 lbs) squat with perfect form. The hard part was convincing the people watching that I was strained by it.

By some odd coincidences, that was the first time I Sarah had actually seen me in the gym. She was intrigued by the mysterious stranger and introduced herself. As a means of introduction she exclaimed my form was off and offered a correction. Depending on who retells the story, I re-racked the barbell and challenged her to show me the perfect form with the same amount of weight. 

She challenged it's not the amount of weight but enduring. I claimed that I could easily outlast her. The onlookers were stunned. A small competition ensued. We did a circuit of exercises with the first one to failure loses. Sound familiar? Yes it's the exact same as what we are doing now. That first encounter I did the unthinkable and exhausted her without tiring myself and kept perfect form. She immediately became enamored with me.

And so it went over the course of a couple weeks, Sarah's infatuation grew as she saw me accomplish physical feat after feat. What she didn't know was that these physical feats were actually manifestations of my godly power. I'm not sure if it was my five-minute mile, my 300lbs deadlift, or doing the splits (most guys wince when I do it), but after those couple of weeks Sarah almost became obsessed with me. Her infatuation was at first about what great physical shape I was in but a small part that grew more pervasive was the part that wanted me to be the one to offer her relief. When I used my powers to delve into her mind I was a bit saddened at her love history. Due to her fitness level, Sarah had a hard time finding satisfaction, specifically no matter her partner, she would exhaust them and be left completely unsatisfied. She saw in me a possible means of relief.

Back to the current competition, Sarah and I were on the third circuit and still going strong. I could tell Sarah had been training to pull it off. Since the very first time I beat her, it had become a monthly tradition that we do this competition. Sarah has set a goal of winning at least once.

"Watch it Sarah, you're not going parallel on your squats." I corrected her form.

Sarah grunted as she was not happy with herself. It was the same reprimand she gave me when we first met, only I meant it. She was in fact performing technically flawed squats. The first sighs of fatigue were showing.

Around the tenth round I started to show some fatigue though it was not genuine. Sarah still had some fight in her but was visibly worse compared to me. She was panting and sweating straining to maintain form. Her breaths were ragged and she looked like she was fighting to maintain her pace.

By the thirtieth round, we were both sweating profusely and straining to maintain proper form. I had to give Sarah a lot of credit. Most mortals would have stopped after only 2 or 3 minutes of this physical self-torture but here she was still going after more than thirty minutes of continuous strain. It was on the thirty-second round that the contest was decided.

"C'mon Sarah, you need to go all the way up on the chin-up."

Sarah grunted trying to bring her chin up to the bar. She strained to pull her self up to complete the last chin-up. However, she had a lapse in concentration and slipped off the pull-up bar. She ended up crumpling to the floor, panting and sweating.

"That's it. I'm out" Sarah said with defeat in her voice.

I let go of the chin up bar and made my way to Sarah. I plucked her from the ground and propped her sitting up against my solid chest. I began to trace patterns across her bare back and sides. She gave a husky but tired moan.

"If it'll make you feel better I help wipe off in the shower." I whispered in her ear.

Despite her tiredness, Sarah lit up at the prospect of naked touching. "Actually yes that would make me feel better." 

I picked up her lithe body off the floor and carried her off to the staff showers. Sarah worked for a large gym and had the privilege of having showers for staff separate from the public showers that all the other gym patrons used. It allowed us to fool around.

We were naked and soapy in no time. My beautiful red haired Amazon leaned against me for support and to enjoy me scrubbing her body anywhere I could get my hands. She stroked my chest and abs at a slower pace as we kissed slowly under the hot spray of cleansing water.

When we first met and once Sarah had developed her obsession, the unthinkable happened and the even more unthinkable happened. Once Sarah had worked up the courage to broach the subject of sex, I couldn't resist indulging with her. In our first passionate encounter, we pushed the boundaries of physical sex. In so doing, the unthinkable (at least unthinkable for Sarah) happened as I gave Sarah the satisfaction she desperately sought; instead of no orgasms she was left with 4.

What was the even more unthinkable was to Sarah's point of view, I seemed unsatisfied afterward. Sarah was left exhausted, gasping for air totally spent while I acted as if I had just finished warming up. Feeling my erection and realizing the tables had turned, the look on Sarah's face right before she passed out from exhaustion was priceless. It was the perfect blend of shock, confusion, exhaustion, and lust.

With that she was hooked. I taught her how to feel pleasure and release her carnal desires; she can get her rocks off no problem. I also taught her the value of not taking sex so seriously all the time. Back in the present day we were together in the shower, leisurely washing each other; there was no competition, no stress of performing, no worries of not pleasing each other. There was only bliss as I slipped inside Sarah's tight depths and we enjoyed the hot water on our bodies pressed against the other. It was a nice simultaneous cool down to a strenuous work out and a nice warm up to steamy climax as I gave slow, deliberate thrusts helping Sarah relax under the warm spray. Only a few minutes and she had a light orgasm. Thanks to my powers, our coupling had re-energized Sarah rather than drain her of energy.

"Mmmm that feels good baby." Sarah closed her eyes and swooned. "Well as much as I'd like some more, I need to get back to work. I have to teach a 9 o'clock cardio class."

We finished up in the shower and toweled off, but not before a little more groping through the towel and some teasing by whipping with the towel. After drying off I got ready to go home to tackle the rest of the Saturday ahead of me and Sarah got ready to teach. Damn she looked so hot in her tight work out clothes.

"Oh, just a reminder that Kristen's birthday dinner starts at 7:30 tonight." I said as I was departing.

"Of course." Sarah sighed as she enjoyed the sensations still coursing through her, the fatigue of our rounds completely forgotten.
