 Hello readers. You don't need to read previous chapters but it will be helpful in understanding some of the dynamics. The most basic thing you need to know is that the main character is a Sex God in a literal sense. He has the actual power to alter reality to his will and is quite adept at anything sexually related. 

Thank you for the support and the feedback.

*****

I sat at my dining table, staring at what appeared to be several precious stones laying there on the table arranged in a small jewelry box. Despite my near unlimited power over the universe and reality itself, I sat there with nervousness and apprehension. Though they were precious stones, they were so much more; to me their worth was infinitely priceless and represented the culmination of more than a month of meticulous work.

I carefully picked one up to examine it. I could feel an energy emanating from the stone. Everything seemed to be in place. I put it back in its spot. It was at that moment that Dana, one of my many sexy partners in life, walked in to see me looking intently at the gems on the table.

"Hi sweetie." When I did not respond, she followed my gaze and noticed the gems on the table. "Oh. Early birthday gift for me?"

Deep in my own thoughts, I failed to notice Dana speaking to me or reaching for one of the gems. It was only as she just touched one to pick it up and examine it that I realized she was there and the consequences for a mere mortal of what she had just done.

"Honey! No, Don't..." I jumped out of my seat to try to stop her.

It was just as I reached her, intending to yank away the gem that Dana looked at the gem in her hand and a bright flash enveloped her.

--

Dana had closed her eyes and winced at the slight pain of a blinding flash. It took a minute to get her bearings straight. When she had her senses back she opened her eyes. She looked around in confusion and was greeted to utter darkness.

"Sweetie? You there?" Dana called out thinking I must still be there. While I was physically with her in the dining room, I was not with her in this new space.

After no response, she blindly and slowly started to grope around her, trying to feel the dining room table or the wall to find a light switch. Maybe the flash had temporarily blinded her she reasoned. She fumbled about taking a single, slow step forward. To her surprise, she found absolutely nothing in her blind search. She cautiously took another step to where she thought the wall should be. Again, she found empty space.

Now she was beginning to worry. "Baby!" she called out in a raised voice. Only an odd echo was her response. She took a few more cautious steps. Again nothing but an empty, dark space. It was on her fifth step she let out a slight gasp. She felt something on her rear, a quick, faint caress yet identifiable as a touch of a hand. Reaching behind her she felt nothing but the emptiness. She turned around slowly and tried to feel out in front, perhaps thinking there was something there to grab.

She reached out to feel for something to guide her the darkness. She gasped again as she tried to grab onto something only to have another feeling of something touching her from behind now on her thighs. It lingered a little longer than the last touch. It felt warm, and a bit sticky.

"Baby, you there?" She called out thinking I was the cause. Indirectly you could say I was.

She stopped trying to feel her surroundings and instead settled on waiting in the darkness. After a moment several touches all over her body registered in her mind. This time she squeaked because she seemed to recognize what was touching her. It felt very similar to how a cock would graze the skin. 

"Baby, this isn't funny." She called out thinking I was playing a trick on her, though part of her wanting some cock.

"C'mon baby. Stop teasing me." She said in an indignant tone thinking it was going to get me cease my game.

It was after this statement, that the ground began to tremble and glow with an eerie light. Dana did not have any time to react when the ground spouted appendages and seized her.

Dana was bound by her arms and legs as the appendages wrapped themselves around her wrists, shoulders, ankles, and legs and then raised her off the ground. Dana tried to let out a scream but a thick snake like tentacle, forced its way into her open mouth, muffling her scream into nothingness. More tentacles wrapped themselves around her waist, back, neck, breasts, and anywhere else they could slither around and bind.

Dana was completely helpless when some of the unearthly captors started probing her nether regions. She went wide eyed as a thick, sticky, wet tentacle started rubbing her crotch. With only the briefest introduction of a light wiggle at her entrance, the tentacle violently thrust its head into Dana's sex. If not for the large intruder in her mouth, she would have screamed in pain and pleasure.

In a speed unimaginable to mortal minds, the tentacle deep inside Dana thrust itself in and out like a piston. Dana was reeling from pain and surprisingly a new pleasure she never imagined could be pleasurable given the circumstances. More and more pleasure came, replacing the pain.

Dana's body and mind where assaulted by sensations never before experienced by mortal minds. There was no denying the pain of the experience but nor could she deny the new pleasures. As she was trying to come to grips with the new feelings as she received another fat appendage in her tight rear. Unimaginable pleasure and pain somehow became even more unimaginable.

This assault seemed to go on forever. As her body got used to new sensations, she began to feel hands groping her and tongues licking all over. More and more, her mind was being driven to its limits to process stimuli. Just as she tried to focus, she could vaguely make out husky voices, both male and female, speaking to her of promises of more pleasures and more depraved things that lie in wait for her.

After Dana experienced several hours of continually increasing stimulation, a bright flash brought her back to the dining room. The sensations receded rapidly; she could feel me ripping the gem out of her hand and holding her arm steady. The first thing she saw was my face with a very concerned look. She felt exhausted after experiencing hours of tortuous pleasure, yet only a brief moment had actually passed. A smile crept on her face.

-

In the dining room I was almost in time to stop Dana, but only managed to take the gem as she went into her "trip". The bright flash that enveloped Dana had only lasted a fraction of a second and faded rapidly as I grabbed the gem from her hand and separated it from her as quickly as I could. By the time the flash was gone with the gem out of her hand, I held her and checked to see if she was still sane. I had never intended for a mortal to go through that. Okay I did, but at least not without a lot of preparation first.

Dana was trembling slightly, taking ragged breaths. Her eyes were closed; she slowly opened them scanning around the room, settling on me. She had a rosy blush on her face. I looked at her with an anxious anticipation. The thing I least expected happened; a smile crept on her face.

Dana broke the tension with, "Best. Present. Ever." Her smile turned radiant and naughty.

I dropped my jaw, dumbfounded at the comment; I thought for certain she would no longer have any coherent thoughts left in her head. After realizing she was fine the tension had dispersed and been replaced with a sense of awkward amusement. I couldn't stifle a chuckle. That's my woman. Not only was she fine, she actually got a kick out of it.

"Sweetie. Are you alright?" I asked thinking that maybe there would be some after effects.

She inhaled sharply and sighed, "Oh yeah. Never better."

""I take it you enjoyed yourself?" I said with palpable relief.

She gave me a mock pout, "Baby, you've been holding out on me."

I took the gem in my hand and placed it back in line with the others. "Actually this was a gift meant for my little sister. I didn't think anyone else would be able to handle it."

Dana looked a bit shocked at that. And this got her a little curious. All she got out was a quick "What?"

"Come over here. I'll show. But please no touching." I said as I presented the other gems.

I held the sides of the box, presenting the gems as if I were jeweler trying to make a sale, "These are special gems that I imbued with particular energies. The purpose of the energies is to deliver a new reality to the holder. The one you had was a reality I had planned for a whole month. You didn't even experience 1% of the full thing."

Dana shuddered at the prospect of more. "Damn baby. Can I finish?"

I just gave a soft smile. "Another day perhaps."

This time Dana gave a real pout but let her curiosity intervene, "And the others? What do they do?"

"Same effect, different reality." I picked up one of the gems inspecting it with anxiety. 

"Imagine being able to take a vacation in tropical paradise lounging on the beach, feeling the warm sun, the cool breeze as if you were physically there, all without leaving your couch. Or better yet, imagine being giving new memories and a new life to live. In essence, these gems give you a new reality."

Putting the gem back in the box I absentmindedly remarked, "This one is for Dimitri." I meticulously adjusted the gems before closing the box.

Dana had a sudden realization. "I forgot your family meeting tomorrow."

"Yeah. I'm hoping it'll be a hit." I said with uncertainty and hesitance that would belie my near absolute power over existence. My 'family' were other god-like beings having powers similar to my own. None of them were actually related to me by blood and they were an old, jaded bunch. Only Dimitri, my closest friend in the group, would ever enjoy a regular 'mortal' gift.

Dana walked up to me, and caressed my arm. While looking at the gems in a new light, she encouraged me, "They'll absolutely love it."

Despite her having no way of knowing that for certain, it did cheer me up a bit.

This family meeting was an annual get-together of gods and goddesses. It's a gathering where those who have powers can share the companionship of others like us. We share stories, good food, and all around enjoy having each other's' company. In a way it makes us feel like regular humans again. It had its inception about a thousands of years ago. In relative terms, I've awakened recently a few short decades ago and only in the past few years had attended.

"I hope so." I said to Dana as I closed the box and wrapped in a cloth. As I put the box away on a stand, I noticed several bruises and marks on Dana.

"Baby you sure you're alright?" I motioned to the marks.

Dana gave a sheepish grin. "Well I could use a back rub and a good cuddle."

"Deal." I held out my hand for Dana to grab and lead her to the bedroom to end the night on a more mundane note.

--

The next morning, I still had that apprehension that hadn't quite left. Wasting no time, I used my powers to instantly clean and dress myself. I picked up the box containing the gifts and was ready. I gave one last sigh and teleported to my destination.

I found myself standing in the foyer of a large, opulent mansion, stood right in front of a large stair case. If one were to look up, one could see a skylight where the outside sky was...green. This mansion was actually on another plane of existence out of reach of mortal travel. This space was created long ago as a sort of haven/residence for gods and goddess to find respite from the daily grind on Earth.

Only a few short moments passed before a figure emerged from the top of the stairs. A woman wearing an elegant black dress emerged. As her eyes met mine, she let a smile slip.

"Hello Anu. How have you been?" I greeted my hostess.

"I have been well, thank you. And what is this you have?" She spied the box I was carrying.

"Gifts." I replied simply with an amiable smile.

"You know I have little interest in mortal trappings." She said a little dismissively.

"These aren't quite for mortals." I said very seriously. Anu raised an eyebrow looked at the box with more interest.

"Hmm intriguing. Well in any event, please do come inside. Dimitri is busy with refreshment."

Instead of turning down the hall and walking the rather long distance to the other side of the mansion where the dining hall and observation deck were located, Anu simply took my hand and teleported us. We stood in a large hall that was very lavishly decorated. In the room's center there was a large table that could have easily sat 100 guests. Its place settings and furnishings were a perfect copy of what could have been in an opulent dining hall for royalty. The dining table itself was flanked on all sides by other tables, each lined with all manner of food and drink. It was a feast beyond what any king could have even imagined.

At the far end I could see Dimitri, another god and probably my best friend (who I didn't also fuck), stood arranging plates to fill what appeared to be the last empty space on the tables.

"Dimitri!" I called.

He stopped what he was doing and looked up. He gave a smile when he saw me. He stopped fiddling with the plate and came over to give me a big bear hug. I made an attempt to reciprocate, careful not to drop the box I was holding. After we exchanged pleasantries, he noticed the box.

"What is that?" Dimitri inquired.

"A surprise" I answered with a smirk. Dimitri smiled back. It was well known among the gods and goddesses Dimitri loved a good surprise. He called a good surprise the last true gift of the universe. When you have lived as long as Dimitri and have seen as much he has, it makes sense. Practically nothing surprises him or any of the other gods and goddess anymore. I put the box on the table.

"I look forward to it. Come, have some beer with me." Dimitri motioned to a large counter lined with all manner of alcoholic potables. I cracked a smile at the display. This particular table didn't have any food at all on it in stark contrast to the rest of the banquet. But rather than any food at all, it was lined with bottles of beer, wine, various liquors, as well as many other various juices, colas, and mixers. Dimitri certainly knew how to party. And I know it was Dimitri; between him and Anu, Dimitri always knew how to have more fun.

I started at one end of the table with several stacks of glasses. I took one and roamed the wonderful collection. I decided on mixing vodka and orange juice, thinking I should start off simply. The other selections could come at a later time. I took my glass and sat at the table with Dimitri.

Looking at the rather large table, it was rather unsettling the first time I attended this soiree to have all that space. Dimitri and I took up seats where I left the box (and the one closest to the bar) leaving the head of the table open.

Dimitri and I began rather mundane conversation of what was going on in each other's respective lives. If not for the setting and the participants involved, it would have been just a casual chat between old friends. As we talked Anu grabbed herself her own beverage and settled down at the head of the table. About 10 minutes into our conversation Anu rose, temporarily halting our conversation.

"What is it Anu?" I asked thinking something was wrong.

"I have another guest to greet." Anu vanished.

"That would be Ramses." Dimitri mulled.

"You sound so sure." I stated on impulse.

"Just experience. No one else but you would be so punctual." Dimitri seemed bored with being certain. 

Dimitri had his confirmation as Anu returned with an unimposing man. He was aloof and seemingly uninterested in everything around him. If you passed by him on the street, you would think nothing of it and move on with your day or you would not at all.

"Hello Ramses." Dimitri called. Ramses gave what could barely be called a nod and went straight to the bar.

Same old Ramses. He is always bored and uncaring generally. I think the millennia have tired him out a bit. He claims to be over 8 millennia old. 

Dimitri continued our conversation. During our talks, I gave a few glances toward Ramses hoping he'd come in and join. No such luck. Ramses only interest lay with his cocktail.

Shortly after we were joined by Ramses, Anu had gone off again to retrieve her last guests. Dimitri and I both paused as we both had the same feeling of what was coming our way.

Moments later right behind Anu were a pair of ladies. One was a large amazon of a woman wearing slinky red dress and a more normal sized woman wearing and equally revealing blue dress. Both were all smiles as they strode over to the bar.

"And here we all are." Ramses uttered deadpan with a bit sarcastically.

Since all were accounted for, we started making our way to the large table set for a large banquet. We each had our own seats out of preference. The only real restriction is that Anu sits at the head of the table. I asked Anu why she kept such a large table with only a handful of guests since only gods and goddess showed up. She responded: "to accommodate more guests later." At the time I accepted her answer as a valid explanation but only later did I fully consider the ramification. 

We all settled in with our drinks and some snacks from the buffet. Anu sat at the head of the table. She was the very first one of us to reach what we refer to as "godhood". She dates back to pre-civilization nomads more than 14000 years before the founding of the Roman Empire. She was always reserved and rarely ever talked about what it was like in the past. According to her, any time before there was mass agriculture wasn't worth talking about.

On Anu's right was Brooke. At least that was what she went by this decade. She was born in the Sahara around 1000 years ago. Despite her imposing size, she was quite friendly once you got to know her.

Sitting next to her was Ella. Though only because she was next to Brook, Ella looked appeared to be a diminutive woman; Ella was older than Brooke by only a couple centuries and the two were inseparable. They were chatting amiably about their past exploits in centuries past.

On Anu's left sat Ramses not looking at anything in particular, nursing his drink appearing as if he was about to fall asleep in his chair. Though you could not tell from his demeanor and he'd never admit it, he did enjoy the somewhat comforting environment of similar endowed beings.

Next to him was Dimitri. Dimitri is something of an uncle to us finding his power around the end of the Roman Empire just as the Byzantine Empire hit its stride. While everyone could tell his experiences are starting to wear on him like Ramses and Anu, he is still young enough to try to find adventure in life.

I sat in the third seat, sitting next to Dimitri. I was the new guy. Anu referred to me as the "baby" saying I'm growing up so fast. I haven't even been around a full century. Anu really meant it when she said I was 'growing up' so fast. I found out later from Dimitri that my powers were developed to the point of even surpassing Anu. That kind of growth was unheard of until me. Once they got to know me and saw that I had no interest in abusing that power any hostilities were left behind. In fact the others have come to love it since good sex is something that has eluded the gods.

One of the main reasons for this get together was the company. When Anu started these, she felt like she had finally found a comfortable place amongst people she could be her omnipotent self. It was on evidence as if a mortal heard the conversation between Brooke and Ella, discussing how they, that one time stopped the rain because it was annoying; the resulting villagers witnessed it started a cult that worshipped her. Anu piped up that she did something similar in ancient Greece and somehow started being worshiped as Artemis.
