 Warning!!

This chapter is basically a sex scene.

If this offends you skip it.

You have been warned.

The spirit, in the form of a nude female elf, moved toward Damon. No, not quite nude, she was adorned with a Black garter belt attached to black hose, black high heels, large, gold, hoop earrings, and a wide, black choker adorned with evenly spaced green stones, perhaps jade, set in silver, mounting frames. She dropped to her knees before Damon and only then did he notice beside her a neatly folded stack of clothing topped with at least one large hat which was not there before the summoning. Red hair shot through with golden strands flowed in full bodied curls to the midpoint of her back, a few tighter curls of her locks dropping over her gravity defying breasts. The breasts were large, but not so much as to seem out of place, perhaps grapefruit size with ski jump slopes leading down to slightly protuberant, old U.S. quarter dollar size, vividly pink areolas tipped with nipples about a third the size of the areolas and standing out about 15mm. Damon wondered are they the perfect size for putting in a mouth? The under-boob rose in a graceful quarter arc, completing the gravity defying effect. The breasts were milky white, featuring a tan line like effect of triangular patches against a light tan background of the rest of her body. As he noticed her slim, delicate ears extend up through her red curls, she unbuttoned his armored duster, went for his belt buckle and started releasing it.

Damon was dumbstruck, forgetting the planned standing orders he was going to issue to prevent the spirit from plotting his demise in order to gain its freedom. Was this part of her attack? Damon wanted to see what she was up to. He decided he could try issuing standing orders while the spirit carried forth.

"You shall not do anything to bring me harm or through inaction, let harm befall me. You shall not have others harm me or work to free you from me."

"Yes, Master," she said, letting the unfastened belt drop aside and unzipped his leather trousers. Disappointment lined her face when the opened trousers revealed the jumpsuit. She rose and wrapping a long leg around him and molding her lower body to him, reached to move the long coat off his shoulders, then pulled the jumpsuit zipper down, lowering her body at the same pace. Confronted with the form-fitting armor, she snaked her hand between the overlapping, built in cup of the armor, then through the overlapping fabric of his briefs to finally reach his manhood. "Master is making me negotiate many layers to get to my target," she said in a playful tone. No sooner had his dick cleared his clothing than she engulfed him between her full, pouty lips.

Damon asked, "Why are you doing this? I did not request this from you."

"Old Master had me orally service him upon calling me unless he stated otherwise," she said, then asked, "Does present Master not desire such service?"

"Wasn't that inconvenient at times?"

"I was always aware of his desire before materializing," she said, "very seldom did he not want to use this form."

She engulfed his cock and took him to the base in one smooth stroke, then used her tongue to entice his scrotum. Wow! She is good at that Damon thought. I wonder if it is her being a spirit that made that seem simple? He looked around checking the room as the unexpected turn of events played out. Seeing no one, and with the joke about having sex with your ally spirit running through his mind, Damon disrobed. Obviously, the person who created this ally gave it a very sexy form and from what it said had been used for sex often. Why not see just how good it could be?

Damon knew spirits didn't need to breathe and this one wasn't coming up for air. She did bob and rotate her head to stroke his shaft. Her tongue was really working over his nuts and Damon started wondering just how long it was. He felt his orgasm approach and the bound ally spirit curtailed her efforts, not completely stopping, but avoiding his most sensitive areas and slowly caressing less sensitive areas that still created pleasure - like the base of his shaft. How is she doing this? Damon thought.

She regurgitated his member and said, "We are mind linked. I would have sent it as a thought, but for some reason, you are not accepting my thoughts right now. Perhaps my sexual excitement combined with yours would cause you to ejaculate far too quickly and shorten our pleasure."

She started to engulf him again when Damon stopped her and brought her to stand before him. Again, she molded herself to his body. "Let me take a look at you," Damon said and did so. She had green eyes, a narrow, arrow straight nose, and cupids bow lips. Her face was more rectangular than oval, with the lines tapering in to form her jawline and chin. He brushed her hair back from her ears and saw they were pierced multiple times in a row along the edge and about a quarter way up her elongated elven ears. Most sported studs matching the stones in the choker except the two lowest which had a complex, dangling ornament and the other a simple large, gold hoop earring.

Leaning in to kiss her, she obediently parted her lips and ran her tongue around his lips. She tasted like strawberries. His tongue fenced with hers and Damon pulled away while keeping their tongues engaged. Looking down, he could barely make out the tip of his own tongue, but hers was easily visible and seemed to unreel as he continued to back away. Breaking off the tongue play, he asked, "Just how long is your tongue?"

She giggled and licked her eyebrows. "Just long enough to do that," she said.

Taking her by the shoulders, he bent her pressed body away from him and looked past the gravity-defying breasts and saw a bit of outline of a rib cage beneath her skin and just the hint of a six-pack of abdominal muscle. Her navel was pierced and sported a matching dangly type thing as her ears. Past the garter belt was a neatly trimmed triangle of pubic hair no more than a centimeter long, matching the hair on her head. He could see the flesh beneath was paler, giving the illusion of a tan line of modesty. Damon wondered if the modesty tan line was present on her posterior and turned her around. Her ass sported paler flesh giving the illusion she had worn a sexy bikini while tanning that didn't cover the entirety of her cheeks.

But those cheeks looked like one could bounce a coin off them. Turning her back to him, Damon grasped those cheeks and squeezed, bending to take a nipple between his lips. He brought it to full hardness and then the other Falling to his knees, Damon buried his nose in her well tended pubic mat. Damon felt her legs spreading for him and he let loose her ass so she could put her legs outside his arms and over his shoulders. The hose encasing those legs felt like silk upon his skin. He quickly moved his arms past the spreading legs to catch her unsupported body and when nothing fell to his hands, looked upwards. She leaned back at an unnatural, gravity-defying angle.

Answering his puzzled look, she said, "I can move in three dimensions."

That could be interesting Damon thought and so handy during sex.

Getting back to what he was doing, Damon again took one of those glorious ass cheeks in his hand, but not needing to support her weight, was able to use the other to explore the resiliency of her breasts. Meanwhile, his tongue found its way to her vagina and probed within. To his surprise, she tasted like cherries! Not those sour black cherries, but sweet like the maraschino kind. You have got to be kidding me. He took a long swipe with his tongue from not quite her anus to past her clitoral hood, then thought if the person who created her flavored her breath and vagina...

Knowing he was in for a surprise one way or another, Damon turned her a bit more and rimmed her. No joke had been played on him as he got the distinct taste of milk chocolate. I wonder if her armpits are scented? He would see later. She giggled a bit as he tongued her ass hole.

"Are you going to pack my fudge?" she asked, teasing him.

"I would say, 'whatever you want,' but I almost forgot you are here to do my bidding."

"Yes, Master," she said, sounding quite happy with him servicing her ass.

Unbelievable he thought. I wonder if her creator was a pimp or rented her out from time to time. He shook off the thoughts and stood, pulling her spread legs around his hips and lined up his dick. She moved, suspended in the air to give him access to her vagina and pulled him into her with the silk encased legs wrapped around him. She positioned her torso to give him access to her breasts or mouth and when she anticipated him going for her lips, she moved to meet him.

Their lips met and her tongue was pushing past his lips just as his cock had moved past her vulva, seeking what it craved. Their tongues wrestled, his ceded to the longer one and she used it to sensually explore within his mouth. Her vagina seemed to be massaging his cock as he fucked in and out of her, constricting and loosening as though it was surrounded by muscles or had some type of constricting snake wrapping itself around the length of her tunnel. It felt fantastic and after all the other surprising upgrades, Damon was almost anticipating it moving to stroke him or her pussy lips to suckle him. With the thought, Damon withdrew from her and her pussy lips did look distended, almost searching. He put his dick in contact with them and either they sucked him back within or her silky legs applied the pressure to get him buried within her again.

The sensuousness of her love tunnel drove rational thought from his mind, turning him into a beast desiring nothing but satisfying his lust. He gripped her ass in his hands and guided her up and down his shaft in opposition to his pelvic thrusts. Damon let a finger slide to her anus and worked it inside her to stimulate her. Realizing this being was different than a mortal female, Damon pulled the exploring finger from her rectum and put it in his mouth, lubricating it with his saliva as he tasted the chocolate flavor. Damon worked the finger back into her ass, then going ass to his own mouth with his fingers, managed to get three lubricated fingers into her nether region.

"Let me taste, too," she said, and Damon continued the ass to mouth action by now going from her ass to her own mouth. It was a bit disconcerting seeing her tongue extend to meet his fingers as he put them past her lips. Damon reminded himself her body wasn't human, but a fantasy construct evidently created for sexual amusement. 

With no lips available to kiss, Damon latched onto one of her perky, pointed nipples and tenderly bit, pulling on it, until it escaped his grip, then latching on to its mate and sucking in as much of the yielding flesh as his mouth could hold. He let it out and tongued the pink flesh riding the pale mound of luscious flesh, then sucked forcefully on it. Damon half expected one tit to give vanilla flavored milk and the other chocolate, but no liquid came forth. His hands squeezed the half moons of her posterior as he continued using them to hasten her movement up and down his member.

At last, he could take it no more. Damon was fucking her at a rapid pace then drove in as far as he could and shot into her. He pulled back a little then thrust forward hard again and shot another squirt. Again and again, he withdrew and plunged into her depths as he shot a half dozen times.

"Yes, Master. Cum for your servant. Fill me with your cum." she said. The scent of freshly baked bread permeated his senses.

Rational thought slowly returned to Damon at about the rate his semen trickled out of him. So that was sex with your ally. No wonder they make so much fun about those who do; the bastards must really be envious. Damon withdrew from between her legs and she dropped to lick the juices from his deflated dick. When she was satisfied his shaft was clean, she took it into her mouth and gently, almost lovingly, sucked any remaining juices from him. Looking up to his face, she let the cock slip from her lips with a sly smile.

"Master, I know a spell that allows instant recovery after ejaculation so you can go again," she offered.