 "Elizabeth, are you okay?"

"Huh? Oh...yeah, I'm fine. You were saying?"

"I was saying that I need these forms filled out and turned in by this afternoon. I'm gonna need you to focus. Where ever your mind is or where ever you drifted off too, you need to come back to planet Earth. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Ms. Palmer...I understand." She eyed me a little longer then walked back to her office. I'm surprised that I was able to make it in this morning. I had never missed a day in my life and I had quite literally thought about calling out. Donny had really put a spell on me...I mean I could feel him touching me all over. His lips pulling and his tongue swirling. I needed to go to the restroom. I got up from my desk and walked to the restroom and as I was entering my panties immediately got soaked. My knees buckled under me and I fell forward. Thank God no one was in when I crawled to a stall. Good thing I wore a skirt, Donny asked me to wear one so he could see what I looked like in it, after which he ripped my thongs off with his teeth and began sucking on my clit until I came in his mouth. I slid my skirt up and began rubbing my clit. I needed to come before I went back to work so that way I wouldn't make a mess. I started off slowly at first then gradually I got faster as I pinched my nipples through my blouse. "Oh...no my little kumquat. You can't cum without me." I heard his voice clear as day. I thought I was dreaming until the stall door opened and there he stood in front of me with nothing but a pair of jeans and work boots on. "I smelled your sweet nectar from across town. Let me have a drink." I couldn't do anything but watched him as he placed my thighs on his shoulders and buried his head between them. I screamed bloody murder and I came instantly on his goatee. "Mmmmm, honey. Damn! You taste so damn good. Tell me this is my pussy. TELL ME GOT DAMMIT!!!" he growled against my flesh. 

"IT'S YOURS DAMN YOU!!!!" I screamed as I came again on his lips again.

"Good girl." He slid me off his shoulders. I turned as I began to pull down my skirt.

"What do you think you're doing???"

"I got to get back to work."

"Not yet." He pulled me close to him and slipped his dick into me. I bit my lip as he inched into me and I began to feel myself stretch.

"Oh no...not here. Please."

"Daddy's been fed, now he has to work it off. You'll be back before you know it." Donny began inching in and out of my tight opening.

"Ooooo...you like it when Daddy takes it don't you? Don't deny it, you're getting wetter." He reached one hand in front of me and began caressing my clit and with the other hand he palmed my left breast pinching the nipple between his second and ring finger. He began sucking on my neck right at my pulse where I'm the most sensitive.

"Ooooo...my baby's so wet. Can't you hear it, that's me making love to my phat pussy. Give it to me, baby. Cum for Daddy. Cum on...you can do it."

He began rubbing my clit harder and pumping faster. My head fell back on his shoulder and I screamed as loud as I could and came right then and there. When I opened my eyes I was sitting at my desk and people were looking at me strangely. I looked around and Ms. Palmer crooked her finger at me and motioned for me to come into her office. I looked at my skirt to make sure that there were no stains. As I walked over to her office, I realized...I didn't have on any panties. I could have sworn that I had put some on after Donny broke my thong. Maybe I just thought I did, until I saw my refection in the glass window. There was a big dark circular bruise on the base of my neck where my hot spot exist. I stared at the mark for a long time, knowing damn well it wasn't there when I came to work this morning. "Ahem."

"Here I come, Ms. Palmer." I walked into her office.

"Close the door, then have a seat." I closed the door behind me and walked over and sat in the burgundy armed chair and waited to get chewed out. Ms. Palmer eyed me for a moment while resting her chin on the back of her hands, "What's going on, Lizzy. I thought we were going to keep this professional and all. Talk to me girl, what's going on?"

"Okay...if you want to know, Angie...I found someone."

"WHAT?!!!"

"Yeah...or should I say someone found me. I don't know what's wrong with me. This man is really in my head. I mean for real."

"Tell me about it...maybe it'll help with your concentration that you seem to be loosing."

"Well...I met this guy at the spot you told me about...remember?"

"Yeah...I remember."

"Well, I met this guy there. I mean, he's....omg, I can't seem to shake him."

"Tell me about him, girl...this is getting good."

"Ha ha, I'm happy to entertain you."

"Girl, you know what I mean."

"Yeah well anyway, he asked me to play as his fiancee to save him from some chick that was trying to sit at the table with him."

"No girl!"

"Yeah, and of course I did. He was a cutie. Locks, tall, dark and handsome. A voice that will leave you dripping and those lips...I'm getting ahead of myself."

"YOU FUCKED HIM?!!! Oh I need to know...who is this man that got Ms Goodie Little Too Shoes to give up the pussy."

"I'm afraid to tell you."

"Please don't tell me it was Jose."

"No...it wasn't Jose, even though he seem a little jealous when I left with Donny."

"DONNY?!!! YOU MEAN YOU SLEPT WITH DEVINE?!!!"

"You know him??? Please tell me you haven't slept with him too...I feel so stupid."

"Girl, if I would have slept with that man...promise you, he would have a ring on his finger. That man is too fine."

"Whew! I was about to say."

"Okay...now you really gotta tell me...what happened."

"Girl, you know I don't kiss and tell."

"You better or your fired." So, I proceed to tell her every single last detail. As I recounted everything, I noticed that she became more and more quiet. I also noticed that she wasn't smiling. I knew right then...she had her eye on him and she was not happy. 

"Well...that's quite a story...now, girl talk is over...you need to get back to work.. Oh and I'm going to need you to stay late tonight."

"But tonight is Thursday night...I'm suppose to perform tonight, you know that."

"Work comes first."

"Yes ma'am." I walked to my cubicle and picked up the cradle to the phone and dialed nine for an outside line.

"Hello?"

"Hi...may I speak with Jose please."

"This is he."

"Oh hey, hun. It's me...Liz"

"Oh, what's up with you?"

"I have a problem."

"What he do?"

"No...not him. You remember Angie, right?"

"Angie, Angie....oh you mean Amber Fire?"

"Yeah."

"What about her?"

"She's my boss...so to speak."

"And?"

"She's making me work late tonight, so I won't be able to make it."

"Whoa! Are you serious? There are mad people coming just to see you, bae. She knows what tonight is. Hold up...line beepin. Hold on, don't hang up." I waited for a minute while filling out the forms that she left on my desk. I was about to hang up when I heard, "Okay I'm back. Speak of the devil and she calls."

"What?"

"Yeah...she just signed up for tonight."

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah."

"That heffa! I mean the nerve of her!"

"What happened?"

"Well, I told her about Donny, and-"

"Ahhh, I see. You don't know the history, I take it."

"History? What history?"

"So, he didn't tell you. Wow! Well, why would he, I mean, I just found out that she was your girl. That means he definitely doesn't know. This is bad...very bad."

"Can you tell me please?"

"Ask ya man...I'm not getting into it."

"Jose...please...tell me." I was already close to tears. 

"Well...Donny and Angie dated not too long ago."

"WHAT?!"

"Yeah."

"I can't hear this now. I'm at work. What time will you get done."

"The normal time."

"Come to my place. You need to tell me everything."

"Ummm...no way."

"Jose...I need you, please."

"I have been dreaming of those words coming from your lips ever since I met you. Alright, I'll come over. Text me your address, okay?"

"Okay."

"And sweetie?"

"Yeah?"

"Don't shoot the messenger"

"Sweetie, I'm American, not Roman."

"I know luscious...I know. Muah! Adios."

"Adieu." I hung up the phone and continued to do my work. 

I must have been in a daze because before when I looked at the clock at the corner of my monitor it said 10:48pm. I looked around and just about everyone was gone. Even Angela's conniving ass was out of the office. I knew that my money had to come first. I looked at the last stack of forms that was sitting on my desk and decided that I would do them at home and just come in early and put them on her desk. I wasn't going to let her get the best of me. I packed up the files in my briefcase and grabbed my jacket. I shut down the computer, picked up my purse and headed for the elevator door. I pressed the button and waited for the door to open. I grabbed my neck and began to massage while fantasizing about the hot bath I was gonna take when I got home. Too much drama for the day had drained me of my positive energy and all I wanted to do was soak it away. I heard the ding and looked up as the doors slid open. In the elevator was Donny. 

"Come to me. I need you." I shook my head and he was gone. I looked around and didn't see any one in the elevator. That was it...he is never making me Powerade again. I stepped on and pressed P1 where I parked my red Jetta and waited for the ding again. As the elevator went from floor to floor, I got hotter and hotter. I pulled off my scarf and took the pins out of my hair. I shook my head as it fell to my waist and unbuttoned my blouse a little to let some of the air conditioned air hit me. No luck. My blouse was still sticking to me and sweat beads were forming on my brow and my chest. I needed some water. By the time I hit P1 my blouse was open and my pumps were in my hands. I heard the ding one last time and I stepped out. I grabbed my neck again with my free hand and lifted my heavy head and there standing in front of me was Donny. He was dressed in a black dress shirt buttoned only halfway and black slacks that fit him just right. He looked at me with sadness in his eyes. 

"We need to talk, mon impératrice."

"I have nothing to say to you." 

"Mon coeur, let me explain."

"No Donny...I can not talk to you, please...leave me alone."

"But I need you...you are mine and I will not leave you alone. You belong to me."

"I belong to no one."

"You belong to me."

"Donny get out of my way."

"No."

"Fuck off Donny, I don't have time for this."

"Do you hate me that much that you can't even talk to me."

"Leave me alone Donny."

"Just talk to me." The more he tried to talk to me the angrier I became.

"Donny...what's done is done, we had fun...go back to her."

"I don't want her...she's not the one, you are."

"Donny, you barely know me. Just go."

"I will not."

"Donny...I'm warning you. Leave me alone."

"Why won't you just talk to me, just talk to me and I will explain everything."

"LEAVE...ME....THE....FUCK...ALONE!!!!" As I screamed a blast of heat rushed past me, picked him up and threw him against the opposite wall. I stood there looking at him as he struggled to get up. I was frozen...paralyzed even. I didn't want to hurt him. I ran to him and knelt beside him. 

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, my heart...you are very powerful when you're angry." I was flabbergasted that he wasn't surprised at what happened. I swept a few of his dread out of his face and looked at him.

"What happened?"

"That's why I said we needed to talk. Can you drive, I think you broke my ribs."

"Oh my goodness...I need to get you to a hospital."

"No need...I just need to rest."

"But what about-"

"Let's go." I helped him stand to his feet and picked up my belongings. We slowly managed to my car and I pressed the unlock button on my key, opened the passenger door and helped him in the seat. I opened the back door after closing his door and threw my things into the back. I ran over to the other side and jumped in the car. My blood was pumping, I wanted to scream, but it was trapped in my throat and no matter how hard I tried I couldn't swallow it. I focused all my energy on the road after I pulled out of the garage. I looked over at Donny to make sure he was still breathing because his eyes were closed and he didn't move an inch since I had gotten him in the car. I pulled into our building and parked into my spot. It hit me...what about Jazmyne.

"She's at her grandmother's."

"Ahh!" I squeaked, "You scared me."

"I was just resting my eyes. You don't have to worry about my angel. She won't see me...us like this. Can you help a brotha out of the seat please? But make sure it's dark, I don't want my manhood called into question."

"Ummmm...."

"Please." his voice rumbled my tummy like it did last week. I began breathing hard again and the temperature rose. I placed my hand on his arm after I got his door and I wrapped my arm around his waist. We walked to the elevator and pressed the up button. "Would you like to tell me what's going on?"

"When we make it in. Your place or mine?"

"Mine...I feel safer there then I would if I was in yours."

"Okay." We heard the ding and the door slid open. We stepped on and the door closed. I pressed five on the panel. The door closed and the next thing I knew his mouth was crushing on mine. I fought at first but that only made him deepen the kiss. My pussy became so wet and his hand was pinching my nipple as he crushed me to him. I couldn't resist him...he had a hold on me. I almost melted into him when we heard the ding and the doors began to slide open, he was once again an invalid. There was a nice older couple waiting to get on the elevator. They looked at his strangely.

"He tripped and fell."

"Do you need any help?" the older man asked.

"No, but thanks for the offer. You have a nice night, Mr. Sutton. I'll see you in the morning, okay?"

"Okay," he said as he allowed the doors to slide close this time.

"What the hell was that? You have enough energy to fucking molest me in the elevator, but you can't walk on your own? What kind of fuck shit is that?"

"I was just...I wanted...just help me inside." 

I walked him to my door and fumbled with the keys. I finally got the doors open and led him into my sitting room, where I sat him on the sofa

"I can't lie in your bed?"

"Hell no. I know what you're trying to do. It's not working this time. What the fuck do you have to say to me?" I was mad...really mad. Maybe I shouldn't have been so mad now that I think about it. But, what can I say...I was pissed.

"Come here."

"No."

"Come to me...now beloved." 

For some reason...I found myself sitting next to him on the sofa. What just happened?

"I need you...I can't live without you...literally." he laid his head on my lap and his shoulders began to shake. Was this mother fucker crying? I rubbed his shoulder and listened, but as I listened I noticed he wasn't crying, he was mumbling, like he was talking to someone. As he spoke my skin became tingly. My nipples began to get hard. He raised his head and his eyes were almost completely silver. Before I knew it we were kissing, dueling tongues and lips. Passion rising as the kiss led to another then another and the next being deeper than the last. He navigated me to my king size and sat down on the edge as I stood in front of him. He slid my black blouse off my shoulders, then he pulled my wife beater over my head. He then took off my bra kissing every inch his fingers touch. He teased by ignoring my aching nipples. They cried for him to pay attention to them, but he denied them. He then slid my skirt off and once again, I noticed that I didn't have any panties on, I meant to talk to him about that, but at that moment my mind was focused on one thing and one thing only. Donny. He began kissing my tummy and I quivered. I pushed him back and began unbuttoning his shirt. He allowed me to take control this time. I knelt in front of him and slid his shirt off of his shoulders kissing where my hands touched. I kissed down his chest, swirling my tongue around his nipples. I heard the intake of breath, which let me know that he's very sensitive. 

"Baby."

"Just let me work...I need this. If I am yours...then I must make sure that you know that you are mine."

"I yield."

"We're about to find out." 

I kissed down his stomach lingering a little on his navel and I felt his abs shiver. He leaned back a little so that I wouldn't be uncomfortable and I began unbuckling his belt and unbuttoning his pants. He leaned back and raised his hips so I could pull his pants off of him and I noticed...he didn't have any underwear on either. 

"Where are your briefs?"

"I left them in the restroom...at your job."

"So...it was real."

"It was real."

"How?"

"Do you want talk or do you want to finish?"

"Have it your way."

I grabbed his engorged member and he whimpered. I had a secret that he didn't know. I'm a head doctor and I love giving mind blowing orgasms...with my mouth. I began lightly running my short tongue over his head, flicking it across the opening. I listened to his breathing to let me know what to do. The fact that he had no reaction let me know that he could barely feel my movements, so I abandoned my first strategy. I slowly entered the head into my mouth and began to suck on it like a lollypop. I heard the sharp intake and I knew then that his head was sensitive. I then began what I like to call my magic trick. I swallowed the whole limp member into my mouth and slowly pulled up like sucking on every inch of his penis, as he watched it grow, inch by inch out of my mouth. When I got to the tip I spit on it and and then repeated the process. I looked up in time just to see him bite his bottom lip. Him looking down on me turned me on and it obviously turned him out more because his head fell back and he began to growl. Me having that reaction on him made me wetter and my clit began to pulsate. I realized, he was trying to regain control. I had to make him loose his train of thought so I applied more pressure and sucking and began to move up and down on him to the rhythm of my pulsating pussy. He wrapped my hair around his fist as I began to deep throat him. The lower I got the more his breath quickened. He began pumping his hips thrusting into my mouth as if he was fucking my pussy. I thought I was going to choke, but I didn't...I took it like a woman. I began playing with his balls and felt for the sweet spot. I found it and pressed gently and he came up out of the bed with a howl I'd never heard before in my life. I felt his dick pulsate as he came in my mouth. He had a musky taste with a hint of sweetness to him. I knew he took care of himself. I kept sucking, but gently. With every stroke of my mouth he'd jerk. He pushed at my head to make me stop but I knew I couldn't. He had to learn that in order for him to lay claim of me...he'd have to claim that right.

I made the mistake of taking his dick out of my mouth and he picked me up and dumped me on the bed. I looked at him and all I could see was this big shadowy silhouette and glowing silver eyes. Part of me was afraid the other part was turned on.

"You brazen hussy...you think you can do me like that and get away with it?" he whispered. 

"Yes...I do. You...are...mine."

"You...are...mine...forever."

He buried his head in my pussy yet again. Yes...this man has a thing about eating pussy and I LOVE IT!!! He opened my lips and began tongue fucking me while at the same time sucking on my clit. I came so hard I howled, right at that moment, he entered me in one quick motion. I screamed.

"Oooooo....yesssss, that's music to my ears. You like that shit don't you? DON'T YOU??"

"YESSSSS!!!" was all I could scream. He hooked his arms under my knees and pulled me down into him.
