 Morning sex brings good luck, or so they say. 

The rumble of a sleeping dragoness stirs me awake to the beginning of another day. I groan as I shift my body, legs gently caressing Calin's scaly hind legs while I lay wrapped in her warm embrace. My member, now limp, still resides inside Calin's velvety sex with a hardened pool of our mating fluids on both our hips. Tingles and remnants of the lust we shared till we collapsed in the moonlight still linger on my mind, rekindling the passion we gave to one another. 

Calin's wing rests over my form, diluting the morning sun as it hits my naked body. I do not feel one bit chilled as the dragoness beside me keeps me warm with her natural body heat. The sounds and smells of the forest seep inside cracks and crevices too small for Calin's wing to cover. Being this close to my mate ignites my passion of lust all over while her scent drifts up to my nose, a smell of candy cane and cinnamon. 

My breathing is calm as I slowly wake up. I weakly thrust my hips in my lust induced sleep; Calin eliciting small grunts while my cock rapidly stiffens, parting her sex and comfortable walls. I tighten my grip around her gravid and scaly waist, pulling out further before thrusting my erect cock back into Calin's abused folds. The wet sounds of mating permeate the forest once more as I gradually emerge from my sleep, eagerly continuing to thrust deep into my mate's sex even after I realize what I am doing. 

I sloppily access my pool of energy and guard my legs against her rough scales while still thrusting whole heartedly into her vent. My vigorous movements crack up the dried fluids from last night as they begin to rub against Calin's sore clitoris. I bring my left leg higher up against my chest, pressing against Calin's hind leg to obtain a better angle of penetration. My gaze roams down her form and to her swollen stomach, smiling as I remember the wonderful time we had last night. 

Calin shivers from the painful pleasure received from our dried fluids but does not wake. I keep my steady pace while my erect member expands and pulls on Calin's abused walls. Most of my cum from last night has been digested by her stomach, but a small amount seeps back into her passage, reducing the friction and rough pleasure from the dried fluids. I bring my right leg forward, slowing down in my thrusts as I position it atop of her left hind leg. 

I pull back, just leaving my cock head nestled within Calin's sex before slamming forward again, causing her to jerk awake and shift the eggs nestled inside of her distended stomach. A huff of warm air caresses my back while I rest the top of my head against her chest, still thrusting into my mate's folds. The pleasure rises slowly, just waking up from a nice sleep. 

Calin shuffles her wings before repositioning them back, exposing me partially to the warm sun. She moves her forelegs around into a more comfortable position before flicking her tail. "Don't stop." She says. Her voice does not scare me as I had expected her to wake up when I thrust into her with extra force. 

"I wouldn't dream of it." I reply, breathe quickly becoming labored since my enhanced endurance had worn away over night. 

Calin, seeing me tiring out rather quickly in the awkward position we are in, helps in the only way she can. With a lustful smile, she clenches her powerful vaginal muscles, making me yelp and thrust forward harder, rattling her swollen stomach, causing our eggs to shift around. Calin grunts at the exquisite feeling, only to contract her abominable muscles again harder to try and get me closer to my climax. Seeing me rapidly coming to my orgasm, Calin squeezes her powerful walls again for a prolonged period of time. 

The pleasure wells up fast, the pressure in my loins skyrocketing as Calin's vent begins to pulse and contract faintly. Wanting to climax at the same time, I take control of my energy again and halt my pleasure while slightly increasing my endurance. Calin senses what I want to do and bucks her hips forward, slamming my cock deep within her vent but not enough to enter her cervix. 

As the minutes roll by, Calin's inner muscles start to twitch and quiver frantically as she the pressure within her loins quickly builds up. Raising my head, I extend my neck awkwardly while still thrusting into Calin. She notices my movement and curls her neck to meet my lips in a passionate kiss. The pleasure now boils within me, making my cock jump and spurt pre-cum lazily. Calin clenches her vaginal muscles again and we both cry out as we climax at the same time. 

Calin's roar shakes a few trees but no fire comes out. Her vent spasms and contracts uncontrollably while juices spray out between our hips as my member gushes a few pints of sperm into her rippling passage. The afterglow is stronger than normal as we lay in each other's embrace under the warm morning sun. Calin purrs, scales vibrating while curling up tighter as my shaft steadily retracts out of her vent with some of my semen following out. 

We lay there, content, happy as I adjust my form to bring my legs higher up to my chest, removing my member from her recently used sex. While hunger claws at my stomach, I do not let go of my mate, content to lie beside her and enjoy her warmth and company. Calin hears my stomach growl in need of food and begins to un-wrap her wings and legs from me. I growl in discomfort, not wanting this moment to end, but comply and move to stand up, brushing off loose leaves and grass before walking over to get my clothes. 

Calin carefully stands up, the eggs in her stomach shifting with every movement. Once on all fours, she shakes her wings and head, dispelling the sleep from her mind while padding towards me as I gather my clothes. "That was fun," Calin says soothingly. "What now?" she asks, rubbing herself up against me as I turn around while she settles her wings comfortably on her back. 

I look at her body, noticing how dirty her scales have gotten in our lustful passion of mating last night, dulling their shine and brilliance. Getting an idea, I share it with her. "There is a waterfall not far from here. Why don't you follow me so I can clean you up?" I answer, not putting my clothes on as I could use a bath myself. Calin nods her head, accepting the idea as she follows me deeper into the forest. 

The walk to the waterfall does not take more than twenty five minutes as the rumbling gets progressively louder. When we arrive, Calin marvels at the beauty and wonder of it, the calm nature with the occasional call of an animal and the spray of mist from the waterfall. Chuckling, I tell her that Quin Shun is teaching me to respect nature, to know that all things are alive in one way or another. My meditation teaches me how to calm myself, to explore what mankind has ignored for thousands of years, for what the Indians originally praised. 

After I finish my explanation, I continue walking towards the small lake in front of the waterfall with Calin following behind me. I place my robes on a nearby rock and take a running start into the shoreline before jumping into the lake, the wind rushing over my bare form feeling nice in the morning sun. I resurface a few seconds later halfway to the center of the lake, hair matted against my head and a smile on my face. Calin sees my enthusiastic personality and chuckles, padding forwards to join me in the lake. 

I do not need to help her as she wades into the water, slithering forward like a snake in one fluid motion, dipping down beneath the surface. I stare as the water wraps around her scales, the red, orange, maroon, silver, and blue shimmering under the surface like a rainbow. My attention is so riveted to one spot that I do not notice her silently swimming around me. Calin surprises me by coiling her tail gently around my flaccid member that is bobbing beneath the water, tugging on it to get my attention. 

I grunt and half turn around but Calin stops me by wrapping her wings and forelegs around my chest, hugging me close against her scaly chest. I quickly tense up before relaxing within her grasp, sighing in content as I feel her soft, smooth scales rub up against my back, protected by the energy I used on them when I felt her embrace me. We just float in the middle of the lake, sharing one another's love and companionship while dimly listening to the roar of the waterfall only a few dozen feet away. 

Opening my eyes that I did not realize I had closed, I move my arms, seeking to be free. Calin gives me a quizzical look as she releases me and my member but purrs when I turn around and start messaging her shoulders as well as cleaning her scales, the vibration causing the water to ripple around her. She lowers her head and I open my mouth as we share a passionate kiss. Calin uses her wings and tail to balance herself within the lake, the weight of her eggs no doubt making it slightly difficult. 

After we break apart, I ask her to roll onto her back in which she does so carefully, spreading her wings and using her tail as a rudder, eggs shifting inside of her swollen stomach. I paddle forward until I am atop her chest in front of her gravid stomach. I lower myself down onto her smooth scales, softened by the flow of water but still pebbly. I bring both my hands forward to caress her chest, cleaning it of any dirt and debris before moving down her body and repeating the process with her swollen stomach and in between her legs. 

When I reach her sex that is still slightly puffy from our earlier activities, I dive under, flicking my tongue briefly across her hidden clitoris before surfacing again. Calin shivers at the sudden pleasure, thrashing her tail back and forth in eagerness, stirring up the water. Smiling, I use my energy in some way to hopefully breathe underwater. Taking a calm breath, I dive back down, grabbing firmly onto her muscular thighs and extend my tongue to lick her clit again, making Calin buck her hips and disturb the water again. 

I pull myself forward, maintaining close contact with Calin's rear-end while lavishing her clitoris with well practiced licks. Being assaulted constantly makes her clitoris emerge into the cool water as Calin hisses and grunts with her muzzle and some of her neck above the surface. Thinking to bring her further pleasure, I remover my right hand and plunge two fingers into her sex, spreading them open while moving my left hand to continue my attentions to her clitoris. The air in my lungs meanwhile runs out and I take a breath, finding that the spell I set on myself works as I take a calm breath. 

The contact makes Calin buck her hips again, her loins convulsing as an orgasm steadily builds. The warmth of her walls combating the cool water throws Calin's mind into a frenzy of pleasure as I add a third and forth finger with the first two. The unique pressure from my attention on her clitoris and within her vent sends her into a world of bliss, making her splash her wings in the water while churning it with her tail. 

In one smooth motion, I retract my fingers from Calin's vent before clenching them into a fist and thrusting it back into her sex. Her folds expand wide to accommodate my fist, vaginal fluids seeping past my arm to be swept up by the slow current created by the waterfall. Calin roars loudly, surprised by the intrusion but welcoming it nevertheless as the pressure in her loins increase dramatically, leaving her panting while lying on her back in the water. 

Calin's frills are all pressed against her back and teeth bared shut while I slowly set up a good pace within her vent. Her pelvic muscles clench frantically, moving the eggs around in her swollen stomach as the pressure within her loins becomes too much. With another thunderous roar, her sex clamps down on my arm and fist, trying to milk it of something that is not present. Her walls constrict the blood within my arm, making me slow my thrusts until I can barely move anymore while I move my left hand to re-attain my hold on her thigh. A surplus of vaginal juices gushes past my arm to flow into the lake, surrounding me with her sweet aroma of cinnamon and candy cane. 

A few minutes pass before her climax abates, Calin panting in the afterglow of such an exquisite orgasm under water. I slowly pull my arm out, her walls pulsating and rippling in time with her heartbeat. With a soundless exit, I continue cleaning her body of any dirt and grime gained by last night's foray. I materialize a rough sponge and some soap to help with the cleaning. Calin relishes the feel of my skin against her rough scales, the heat generated by her body not at all affected by the temperature of the water. 

After I have cleaned her back, carefully scrubbed her wing joints with a less abrasive sponge and polished her tail, we both exit the lake to dry off. Before Calin can dry herself, I let her know I want to try to do it myself. She seems a little apprehensive, but agrees, knowing that I will not hurt her in any way. Standing a foot or two back from her while she faces me; I close my eyes and gather my concentration and focus. I reach deep within myself to bring forth my energy, feeling it respond to my touch readily and willingly. 

Opening my eyes, I raise my right hand, pointing it at Calin before whispering a few words or warmth. The power leaves my body, flowing out of my chest and down my arm before traveling straight towards Calin. I ignore any and all distractions around me, the crashing sound of the waterfall and the diminished calls of the forest animals. Calin glances around her body, feeling a soothing blanket envelope her, evaporating the water right off of her scales. I continue this for about two minutes until I lose concentration, my arm falling to my side while I stand gasping for air. 

Calin looks back at me but does not worry as she knows I can handle it. Seeing how she is now dry, she comes over to me to return the favor with her gravid stomach beneath her. Just like a few weeks ago, she lowers her head and breathes a steady breath of warm air towards me. I stiffen, not expecting the flow of hot air but gradually relax when I spot that Calin is helping me dry off as well. I regain my breath as Calin dries me off, tail swishing behind her with the waterfall ever present in the background. 

After Calin has dried me off, I embrace her, feeling her rough scales with roaming hands around her wing joints. Calin purrs, curling her neck around me back and extends her wings to embrace me, covering me in a world all of my own. We hug for a while, just relishing in each other's company. No words are needed as I reach my mind out to hers; wrapping my consciousness around all that she is, feeling the love and affection she has for me. 

That is what we feel for one another, absolute love and true devoted passion. Our walk back to the cabin is peaceful, serene. After I get back into my robes, Calin tells me more about dragons, how long they live, some lore and some facts about mating. The information is not all that different than what I had imagined it to be; two dragons fall in love, the dragoness nips her soon-to-be mate's tail. If he accepts her advance he turns and bits down softly on the base of her neck near the shoulder. 

They then begin courting, circling each other as their passions grow, becoming palpable in the air. With a lustful kiss, they rise into the air and join together at the hips, the dragoness's orgasm linked with her mates so only when he releases can she climax. Their wings beat in time so neither overlaps one another, perfectly synchronized in a dance of love and trust. The normal clutch size for a dragon is around 3-6, and that is for a young adult. Calin is a mature adult, and can have anywhere from 7-13 eggs in a single clutch. 

The week flies by with Calin at my side, neither of us letting the other out of our sight. As Calin's stomach grows, so does my lust for her, mating twice a day, if not more. The feel of her eggs within her stomach sends my mind into pure joy, to know that someday, I could possibly sire hatchlings with Calin, my mate. I hold off on speeding up their growth, wanting to spend as much time as I can mating with her, touching and feeling the eggs she carries, the eggs that she is carrying for me. 

Her vent is as tight as ever, pulsing, rippling and contracting around my member every time we mate. Sometimes I change my cock into a draconic member, multiplying the sensations I feel a thousand fold. The bond we share only grows, every time we connect our minds, we can feel each other's heartbeats, share in each other's pleasures so that our release is that much more special. Every so often I bring her down to the waterfall and lake so I can wash her scales that more often than not changes into a lustful bout of mating under water. The feeling is unique, especially for Calin as her body temperature conflicts with the cool water. 

Quin Shun is nowhere to be seen, having possibly went off somewhere until my week is up. I have grown fond of him and his ways of teaching, he reminds me of Bruce Lee and every person who gains training from a wise master. Because of Quin Shun, I can do many more things than I could when I first became a Protector. My control over my energy has increased, although I still need much more practice. My combat skills have also improved, it all feel so natural to me, but Quin Shun sure puts me through rough training with those earth dummies. 

Near the end of the week is when I decide to fast-forward the growth of our eggs. Calin said that she will go into labor within half a week after, the laying process taking about six hours, give or take. She also warned me that there could be some complications should I lose concentration. I was hesitant to continue after that but Calin said she had complete trust in me, trust gained over our time we have spent together, of knowing each other and sharing in deep carnal pleasures. Calin said some complications could include oversized eggs, cracked eggs, protruding shell lumps, harder shell casing and or fragile eggs, none which seemed particular favorable. 

Gathering some much needed courage, I lead Calin to the middle of the room inside my Cabin. I tell her to lay on her back with all her limps relaxed. Calin smiles, frills partially raised as I know she has my trust. She extends her left wing but keeps her right wing against her body so I can get to her swollen stomach without tearing the delicate fabric. It has surely grown bigger but not by much over the course of the week. I would say she looks to be 2-4 months pregnant if she were a human. Calin's tail lazily moves back and forth across the wooden floor, in which I had placed a spell to protect it against her hard scales. 

With her forelegs resting on her chest and her hind legs on the floor, I sit cross legged in front of Calin. Her stomach is imposing this close up, but it is not like I have been like this before when we have mated intensely over the week. Calin gives an encouraging smile to me, curling her neck so she can watch me as I calmly place both my hands onto her swollen stomach. The small bumps created by the nine eggs in her egg chamber are pleasant to touch, surrounded by hard scales that can deflect most projectiles. 

There are small breaks between her scales caused by the nine eggs within her stomach enabling me to see her soft vulnerable pink skin beneath. I move my hands around her stomach a few times, running them teasingly over the dimples in her scales created by the eggs. Calin thrums with happiness, her tail flicking eagerly from side to side remaining calm with steady breaths. In preparation, I move my hands together thumb to thumb with my fingers splayed wide before closing my eyes. 

I take long deep breaths, clearing my mind of any and all distractions. The whisper of the wind outside, the faint creak of tree limps in the wind and the chatter of the forest animals are pushed away as I bury deep within my mind to the familiar place where my energy resides. I confidently lay a single hand against it, pressing my full palm onto it as it slowly seeps into my body. My breathing increases, chest swelling out with each deep lungful of air I take. Calin stills her tail, knowing I will need total concentration to do this. 
