 The following days were pleasant. They were growing colder and colder, but they were still pleasant. Hulda learned that the bed in the center of the common room was actually made of four beds, each one making up a quarter's worth. They were all pulled out so that in the middle a hole could be dug for a thick post to be secured into. It wasn't very tall at all, perhaps only a head's worth taller than the beds. A brazier was placed on top of the post, and it was secured with metal straps with holes and nails in the holes, pounded into the wood at different heights. 

One night, when the cold was unbearable, charcoal was placed in the brazier and lit. A lid with thin holes was locked onto it, just in case it fell over. The women snuggled close to the men, leaning against them. Yann had to sleep with both Sasha and Johnan nuzzling his straight humanoid torso. While Dobromil held Danuta close, baby Dagny was resting against Danuta's legs. Lili and Hulda were more free to wallow about on their beds, embracing their husbands as if they needed their support to keep from falling into a mysterious abyss. 

It wasn't quite this way in the beginning of the night. At first, some of the males would lie down with their warm arms outstretched so the females could touch them. Then, after an hour or less, they'd wake up, search for the appropriate person to embrace, and go to back to sleep with their humanoid torsos straight. 

Hulda rather liked this was of sleeping. Yes, it was different from lying down, but she had a sturdy, strong man to lean onto, and sometimes, if both parties had difficulty sleeping, they'd have a discreet moment of kissing. 

Occasionally, when Ehlov seemed to think nobody was noticing, he'd put a mischievous hand on Hulda's backside, over her clothing. A peasant normally slept wearing clothes, especially when it was cold. 

Ehlov never did anything too ... aggressive. Not only was his whole family in the room, but two of those family members weren't even adults. It would be quite disgusting for him to risk having them witness something too ... intimate. 

Hulda thought this really was a lovely way to sleep. 

Safe and held ... 

And warm ... 

It was overall a nice life. 

Even the sex got better as the days passed. 

Hulda's body seemed to learn just how lovely a hard cock can be. Her soft insides would always react as if penetration was a dear caress, probably because more literal caresses would always be given beforehand, but that was perfectly fine. 

Hulda was happy, very happy. She told the whole family so on the morning after the first time they slept with the brazier in the center of the common room. She said she liked knowing that everyone treated her like she belonged, that the work was reasonable, and that her husband was so strong and loving. It was a good life. 

Sasha was so pleased that she gave Hulda a crude wooden brooch roughly shaped like a beautiful, nude woman holding a sleeping baby girl. "This is Chussan. She's our childbirth goddess. Pin this to your clothing for good fortune where motherly duties are concerned." 

Hulda didn't really believe in this goddess, but she saw no harm in taking the gift. She pinned the brooch to her apron and thanked Sasha. 

That afternoon, Ehlov carried her off to a stone temple outside of the village. He asked a priest there to write their names down as a couple. When that was done, Ehlov did something strange. He asked to look at the paper. 

"Why do you need to look at it?" Hulda asked, playfully tugging on the back of Ehlov's hood. He didn't answer. He acted like she hadn't said anything. 

The priest didn't ask why, probably because he didn't want to seem rude. He showed Ehlov all the funny looking swirly things on the paper. Ehlov stared at it for a good, long time. 

Hulda was getting a bit impatient. She patted his humanoid shoulder with her fingers. "We need to go back home. I want to tell everyone that I'm your real wife now." 

Still, he lingered, ignoring her. 

But, finally, after a few more moments, he nodded and said to the priest, "Alright. Thank you." 

On the way home, something happened. 

A young neighbor, maybe in his early twenties, galloped over to Ehlov and started yelling at him. 

"It's your fault! You and your damn doors!" He pointed at Ehlov with a trembling finger. His eyes were wild. 

Ehlov retreated a bit, visibly uncertain, but clenching his fists. 

An older centaur rushed to the younger one. He seemed to be closer to middle age. "Anton! Calm down! You're being a daft cunt!" 

Hulda was pretty sure those centaurs were brothers. What was the older brother's name? Franthel? 

Anton screamed out, "It's his damn fault I can't afford a wife!! Meanwhile, he made sure he got a woman before he thought up all these doors!!" He lunged a bit towards Ehlov, who only retreated even more. 

Franthel grabbed Anton by his arms, and he stomped his hooves. "You're going after him while he has a woman on his back?! Have you gone twisted?! Pa will knock your head in a wall when he hears about this!!" He actually slapped Anton's cheek with the back of his hand, making a loud, cracking noise in the air. "We're going home, and if I hear you spitting this shit out again, I'll beat you until nobody can see your skin color!" 

That calmed Anton down. He pouted like a child, but he was calm. He followed his older brother away from Ehlov and Hulda. Franthel called out behind himself, "Sorry about that! If you ever need a favor, let me know!" 

Ehlov shrugged the incident off, and he said to Hulda, "We're going to eat and dance tonight. Ma will probably make the biggest pot of egg drop soup for you to dip your bread in." 

It turned out to be a simple little dinner party, nothing elaborate or expensive, but Hulda was glad to enjoy it. The food was hearty. The company was loving. The world was peaceful. 

*** 

Snow was the same in Breden as it was in Hulda's homeland. It made the world quieter, especially in the morning. Winter was very much here. 

Dagny was a crawling thing, which meant that her little hands were often filthy, and she liked to put dirt in her mouth. Well, she liked to put everything in her mouth. The males had to be especially careful when they were near the child, because they were deathly afraid of stepping on her. Dagny liked to crawl up to anyone, woman or centaur, and gaze up at them with her big gray eyes. Her strawberry blonde hair was very pretty. Dobromil liked to stroke it whenever he could, and he'd often say, "Just as pretty as your Ma, yes you are." 

Hulda was trying to give Dagny a wash one morning, planning to put her on one of the beds, when Johnan looked up from his cooking and asked, "Hey, Auntie Hulda, why don't you have a baby in your belly yet?" 

Hulda rolled her eyes and set the babbling little Dagny onto the bed that Danuta often slept on. "I can't say I know." 

Johnan wiped his hands on his apron and sighed. "Well, figure it out soon. If you have a boy, we'll have more strong workers. If you have a girl, we can sell her off to a man when she's old enough." 

Hulda wanted to say, "Well, it's not like we're not trying!" She had to bite her tongue to stop the words from tumbling out. 

Hulda knew the cold wouldn't stop anyone in the village from trying to conceive children. She saw several couple wandering off to the wilderness, wearing sheepskin cloaks lined with fur and carrying folded platforms. 

And later that afternoon, Hulda was doing the same with her husband. She had on her trusty pair of wool stockings and wooden clogs to keep her lower legs warm. A wool cap was on her head and a fluffy cloak was around her clothed body. Ehlov was much the same, his humanoid torso well protected. The horse-like body had a natural winter coat, so no extra covering was needed there. 

When they were settled and ready, the platform set, their mittens removed, Hulda embraced Ehlov with eager arms. Their misty breaths blended together. Their pink noses tapped and rubbed each other. Their minds both wanted to work towards one goal. 

Ehlov whispered into her lips, "You're a good wife, and you'll be a good Ma." Then he nuzzled and nibbled her throat, which had her squealing and sliding her hands under his clothing. He was wonderful to touch, hairy, sinewy, and burly with just the right amount of fat to keep him healthy and able to work. Hulda liked to imagine he could fight off a bear. She didn't want him to ever fight a bear, though. 

"We'll have to work at it," she murmured up to him, her fingertips playfully sliding around and around his nipples. They were reacting nicely to her ministrations, stiffening up. "Children don't come from cabbages and birds." 

He pulled up a bit of her cap. His voice went to her ear. "But they often come through pretty flowers, and yours is the prettiest I've ever seen." The tip of his tongue slid around her ear, leaving a trail of moisture that tingled in the winter air. 

They both knew childbirth wasn't pretty, but they didn't care. They were putting each other in a trance. 

Hulda pinched one of his nipples, smiling as he flinched and groaned. "Hmmm ... is it really pretty, Husband?" 

"Prettiest in the whole world, I think." Ehlov gathered up only just enough of her skirt. Then one of his hands went right at what he had so nicely complimented. His fingers were cold, but Hulda endured, because she knew they'd be warm soon. 

"Hulda ... my pretty Starlight, are you going to open up and let me cum in you?" 

Obviously, yes. She had done it several times. 

It was still nice to hear him ask, though. Hulda had grown to adore his deep, gravelly voice. 

And, added to the pleasure that was his voice, there was the pleasure of his cold fingertips nudging her clitoris into a needy, desperate state. She whined through her teeth for a few tight moments, gripping his humanoid waist. 

He teased her. "You didn't answer me, Starlight. Don't you want me to fuck you? Hm? Don't you want me to put a little baby in you?" 

"Hgggnnnn ... yeah!" She was loving all this attention. His fingers were warm then, and he was soon stroking her, from the bottom edge of the moistening little slit, to slowly, oh so slowly up to the top. 

"That's good, Wife. Very good. Why don't you lie down for me?" 

She did, right on her back. 

That's how it began, with her on her back, taking in a hard cock. 

Even as she received it, she begged for more. 

"Please! Pleeeeeease!! I want it! I need it! Yes!!" She didn't even care that his fingernails were digging against her hips. She didn't even care if she bled from it. 

His voice was struggling. "Ah ... ah ... ah!" His breath floated over her exposed thighs and the fabric that covered her belly. "Damn it!" 

Then ... he pulled out. It felt horrible, made her feel lonely and empty. Hulda sat up with a drooping face, nearly crying. She was about to demand with a childish voice that he put his wonderful cock back into her, but Ehlov put his fingers onto her cheeks and kissed her. He wasn't prim about it. He was messy, making undignified noises, but that was fine, because Hulda sounded just like him. 

Then he popped his mouth off of her, ran his tongue up her throat, and growled, "On your belly!" 

She flipped over and waited. Her clothing fell down as she did so, fluttering against her ankles. That moment didn't last long. Ehlov pulled her skirt and chemise so high up that it went to her waist. 

And he slammed in so hard, so deeply, that Hulda forgot how to breathe for a second or two. 

Her labor-stained fingernails went to the mats beneath her. Those nails pulled at some of the weaved straw. Then, those particular sections of straw cracked and broke. 

She screamed and flailed as the practically dripping walls of her pussy greedily took his cock in. "Yes! Yes! More! Cum in me!" 

How ... how could she feel so tight and so loose at the same time? Her muscles were so ... happy ... relaxed and pleased, but at the same time, clinging and compressing. It made no sense. She was letting go. She wasn't letting go. 

Damn ... 

Hulda knew that some people would view the one being penetrated as the one submitting, serving, being there for the pleasure of another. She also knew that she disagreed. 

She felt like she was being worshiped. 

Every ... 

Individual ... 

Stroke ... 

Each one was just for her, only her, and Hulda was so grateful. 

"Eh ... Ehlov! Please! Oh please! Fill me up!" 

"I'll fill you up, Starlight. I'll fill you up as much as you want!" 

But, even though he said that, he pulled out again. 

One of Hulda's hands became a fist, and it pounded onto the ripped mats. "Fuck you! You're a tease!!" 

Just after she said the word tease, she saw hooves wallop before her. They made heavy, banging noises against the platform. 

It ... was the backs ... of the front hooves. 

The ... the heat above her, sliding over her ... it was his heat. 

Hulda's jaw dropped. 

Then, despite being so hot, she froze. 

What was going inside ... what was stretching her cunt so far apart ... 

That was not the first penis. 

It went just far enough ... just far enough to touch everything inside ... just far enough ... 

Then it withdrew ... oh ... soooooooooooo ... sloooooooooooowly ... 

Her brain finally let her use words. "Oh, fuck! Oh FUCK!" 

"Are you ... are you alright?" 

"Oh my fuck, yes!! Yes!!" 

"Ah. That's good." Ehlov managed to laugh a bit. It was a coughing laugh. Hulda felt the laugh deep in the great cock, and it shook her insides. 

"Ohhhhhhh ... I wish you'd done this in the first place!" She made legitimate holes in the mats, rending the material without any care for it. "Fuck me!!" 

Ehlov was only happy to obey such a command. 

Hulda was a creature of instinct, a blistering bitch. Her body was taut, yet shivering. 

Then she couldn't hear anything except for the blood rushing in the skin of her ears. 

She couldn't feel anything except for the great erection slamming in and pulling out of her cunt. 

She couldn't see anything at all. 

Yes ... 

YES!! 

Ehlov's voice reached her, somehow. It seemed far away, perhaps in another world. "Agh! Shit! Shit!" 

Hulda thought she had bled, but she didn't really bleed at all. The extra liquid running down her thighs was her husband's semen. 

When they were both calm, Ehlov was the one to dismount for a change, his hooves splashing and crunching in the snow. He took a handkerchief from one of his pouches and used it to wipe Hulda clean. Hulda thought to help him in the same way, but he shook his head. "The second penis doesn't need much care." 

Ehlov found their mittens. They were terribly cold. So, he breathed onto them with his mouth, and then he put them under one of his armpits, his eyelids twitching. Hulda got into a normal sitting position, pulling her dress and chemise back down. 

When Ehlov seemed content with the mittens, he gave Hulda her pair and jerked his hands into his. Hulda smiled at his sweet, sweet gesture. He couldn't stand the thought of her putting frozen mittens on. He simply couldn't. 

Once they were inside their warm house, Placidus glanced at the nearly destroyed straw mat, and he murmured to Ehlov, "You're going to have a long night of patching that mat up." 

"It'll be easier to just make a new mat," Ehlov whispered back, smirking. 

One of his humanoid shoulders quirking, Placidus mumbled something about how it was fairly easy to make a straw mat, anyway. 

*** 

Spring came. The wheat had to be harvested. The women used human-sized scythes while the men had to use longer versions. A great portion of the product was taken away by a few important looking men pulling carriages. It was meant to go to the lord of the lands. The rest of the product was left for the peasants to keep, either to make food with or to sell. 

Dagny was a toddling, often giggling little thing, although she didn't speak much. She loved to suck and gnaw on rolls of wheat bread as she walked about the common room. She also loved to wrap her arms around one of Johnan's back legs. Johnan seemed to be a patient, careful boy, because he never, never, EVER kicked Dagny, no matter how abruptly the child would grab at him. If he had kicked her, Dobromil would have trampled him, and Johnan's father, Placidus, probably wouldn't have intervened. The most aggressive thing Johnan ever did with his legs against the child was to give a few gentle nudges. 

As Hulda watched little Dagny embrace one of Johnan's legs on a pleasant morning, she realized that it made sense than Johnan didn't automatically kick whatever was behind him. He wasn't a horse. He didn't have the brain of a horse. He wasn't as easily frightened as a horse. 

So, maybe Johnan wasn't patient and careful after all. Maybe he was just normal. 

Then she gave a sad sigh and wished she was pregnant. 

Well ... maybe it wasn't so bad. She had plenty of time, and meanwhile, she could do all the other important things that made Ehlov smile down at her. She had truly grown to adore that smile. It was a playful, approving smile that always showed in his eyes. 

So, when Ehlov didn't come to her in the afternoon, Hulda was rather upset about it. He said he had to leave with Yann to do something important. Whatever it was, it put Hulda in a sulky condition. She glowered down at her sewing and barely listened to Sasha's gossiping. 

Then, a word came to her mind, a word Ehlov had recently taught her. 

Melancholy. It meant, basically, to be sad or depressed. 

It sounded like a serious word, perhaps not meant for ordinary sadness. It implied something deep and painful. 

Hulda knew she wasn't in a state of melancholy, though. She was only being a silly little girl instead of a grown woman. 

It didn't matter that she was nearly desperate to have Ehlov take her out into the woods. 

But, she continued to glower even when the sun set and most of the family was inside, because Ehlov was still out with his father. Hulda's eyes frequently left her work to touch the door. When in the world was he going to come home? 

When there was knocking and familiar male voices outside the door, Hulda was still a bit sour. She believed she had missed a day of possible baby making. It wasn't safe to carry a woman off into the night. 

With a furrowed brow and a cough, Sasha unlocked the door and opened it. Yann and Ehlov entered the building with nearly fevered grins. "What sort of secrets are you two keeping from me?" Sasha asked as she closed and locked the door. 

Lili, who had been combing Johnan's long tail, spoke up with a lazy tone. "Hm? Secrets? We don't have any secrets in this family." 

Ehlov talked as he went to his wife, his fingers dancing as if he was aching to touch Hulda somehow, and he did. He put his hands on Hulda's shoulders, and he kissed her nose. Hulda decided then and there that she wasn't upset anymore. In fact, she was downright enchanted. 

"Wife, do you remember Franthel? Hm?" 

"Vaguely." Vague was another word he had taught her. She loved changing it a bit to suit the grammar. 

Danuta, who was cleaning up a mess Dagny made in her clothing, asked, "What does vaguely mean?" 

Ehlov politely took a moment to respond to the woman. "Vague means unsure, or unclear, for the most part." He looked back to Hulda with her favorite smile on his face. It was like spring, it really was. It was warm, sweet, and it chased away cold and bitter things. "Franthel told me something very interesting, and then I went to see if he was telling the truth. I won't tell you about it now, but be patient. It's all good news." 

The rest of the family tried so hard, very hard, to get Yann and Ehlov to tell more of this news, but the men refused. It was like talking to a tree stump. 
