 Never mind what I do (did) for work or what I look (looked) like, details which have become irrelevant since The Day It All Happened. 

Monday:

Forget Monday. I love work and Monday was an all work day and nothing noteworthy happened.

Tuesday:

Wedding invite reminder for this weekend is on my calendar. Perfect as I am starting to become a little unhinged from the relentless pace I've been flogging myself at. I have many ways to blow off a little steam and a drunk-fest with everyone looking for a little sexy time is near the top of that list.

Wednesday:

This is where things got weird. A black cat crossed my path while I was warming up for an early morning run. I'm not superstitious but I noted it in particular as it came at the same time as a deep chill. My fight or flight reflex kicked in and I actually ran forward a few steps while looking behind me while all my muscles tightened and prepared to react. 

Nothing behind me, but just for a moment I felt caught in time. Not a breath of wind, not a hint of motion; it was dead silent and still. The moment passed. Bird song returned, I could hear a TV inside a home, a garage door opened. I had tons of nervous energy now and started my run early and fast. Soon the pace and intensity captured most of my attention, but a little unsettled chuckle remained with me over being spooked like that. 

Today was healthy day which included a cool shower after the run to really make the body tingle followed by a tomato omelette with a slice of rye toast. A reflection to round out the health positive focus. Dress and leave for work. Usually. That is the usual, normal healthy day routine. 

Today I walked in the house still breathing very hard from the intensity of the run, and still dissecting the whole cat sudden death like stillness experience, threw my keys on the entry table while swinging the door shut and after two steps further stopped. Suddenly. 

I was a longtime holdout of the home phone, but finally gave it up a month ago. I'm pretty sure it hadn't rung in over a year beyond a telemarketer. So phone gone. Being a lover of these older technologies ( I still have a VCR for instance ) I also had the separate voicemail machine. It was blinking. 

I stood stock still and considered these things. First, the telephone isn't on that stand. In fact the telephone is gone. It wasn't a cool looking one and didn't make much of a decoration. That voicemail machine on the other hand often received comments when people stopped over. Not the point but in moments of stress the brain thinks odd things. Second, the flipping voicemail machine is flashing! As if it is holding a new message. Third, if I keep walking straight I can just go right out the back door, grab the second set of keys as I go by the dish on the kitchen counter where I keep them, use the gym shower and clothes I keep in a bag in the car to get ready for work today. And most importantly forget all about this morning.

I feel very strongly that is the smartest option to take. So I do it. I keep walking, grab the car keys and out the door into the car. I've broken into a sweat. I feel that nervous chuckle coming back with a sudden feeling of nausea. The car is started and I am backing out of the driveway when I pump the brakes. What am I doing!? 

I'm stopped. I put the car in park and look around. Button a window down. The sun is shining. It's a completely gorgeous day and my neighborhood looks completely normal. 'Get a grip!' I think. And in this case I seem to equate that with courage which equals going back into that house and continuing along the previous healthy day checklist, obviously sans reflection at this point because peaceful meditation is absolutely not happening. Courage is often indistinguishable from foolishness, so fine, let's see how this turns out. 

Deep breath and I enter through the back door like swat teams on TV every day. I don't actually kick the door down, but you get the idea. Honestly I'm starting to feel ridiculous finally. The house feels normal.

And the voicemail light is flashing. "Hi D, it's your favorite naughty aunt Leah. I'm having a package dropped off for you later. It's very special and will continue where I left off all those years ago!" All in aunt Leah's beautiful voice. Sounding happy and I certainly noticed a huskiness at the end. My aunt Leah had left off from a thrilling education into my adulthood. The family was slightly unclear where she got her money, but all agreed she was the very definition of an adventuress. She flew in and out of our lives when I was growing up and each time our bond grew and became it's own unique thing. She eclipsed the sun with her charisma. When I turned 18, she swooped in and took me on a whirlwind trip that introduced me to so many things. We started in Vancouver BC and partied, then a trip through Ecuador and some serious sweating and bug bites while we trekked through jungle. Australia, Thailand, Morocco, Italy, Amsterdam, Paris and home. It seemed everywhere we went she was welcomed as a longtime friend. And of course she introduced me to the universe of sex. She joked about how 'ripe' I was, she touched me in ways I had never experienced before, but most importantly she opened my eyes. It wasn't just a journey of her teasing me and copulating with me non-stop. We were in fact rarely alone. But she not only treated me as an adult, she took me to very adult places and put me in incredibly titillating situations. She made becoming an adult a moment in my life. I focus on that because I never saw her again after that trip. She returned me home a changed person, kissed me on my lips and said "I'm off." She was declared dead three years later. That was ten years ago. 

In fact today is just two days shy of that goodbye kiss thirteen years ago. Friday is the day. This year it's Friday the 13th. 

I showered, skipped breakfast, and went to work. I worked super late. Stopped for a drink on the way home, considered a little appetizer for the weekend. Ultimately decided against. Went home, left the lights off and showered and slept.

Thursday:

My calendar let's me know it's an insanely busy day. So quick shower, dress and head to the kitchen for a bigger breakfast. And there is a package on the small table I typically eat at when alone. Looks about like an 8 x 8 cube in plain brown paper. My name and address in block. It's a little creepy, but I figure after yesterday's mystery, this is tame by comparison. 

Since I don't owe the mafia money and a random bomb or anthrax seems just so-oo-o blasé, I just go for it. My aunt taught me to grab life and hold on and this seems like one of those moments. I ( carefully) unwrap the brown paper, grab a knife and open the box. I remove a couple of pieces of foam and voila! Another box. This one beautifully wrapped in some vermillion almost cloth like paper. As I pull this box out one side flares out into golden origami wings! The wings slowly flex open as they unfold and it's absolutely mesmerizing the way they catch the light and seem to be ready for flight. Mesmerizing right up until my cell rings. 

Oh-no! I have been somehow staring at this thing for an hour and my calendar is letting me know my first appointment is 5 minutes from now! Thursday turned into an all-hands on deck affair overnight at work. 

Friday:

I'm still at work! We worked until 9am closing one of the largest accounts to date. The boss had a champagne brunch delivered and told everyone thanks and to show up ready to go Monday. 

If you have ever worked in a large group beyond stress after seriously long hours and scored a huge win for the company, you can appreciate the decompression that followed. After very many glasses of champagne and very little breakfast, my very good friend Tiffany grabbed me and pulled me into an Uber. Off to my place! Too tired to sleep, too drunk and horny to think straight. Woo-hoo! is on repeat in my head.

And Ohh Tiffany! She wore a Harley Quinn outfit to a Halloween party a few years ago and ever since, it's the only way I see her. Super hot, confident, and just on the bad side of crazy. We got catcalled out the door when arm in arm she leaned in to kiss me as we left. Tiffany just does that to leave a place damp, and it works!

The Uber driver got more than he bargained for that morning! As we exited the car and entered my house, Tiffany licked my ear and told me to meet her in the living room after I showered while she used the guest shower. This is what is so truly exciting about Tiffany, she surprises with her sexual pleasures. 

I was drunk, super horny, and thoroughly aroused and wrung out after that hot shower. I wasn't sure what to wear so a towel did the trick. I enjoyed bare footing it to the kitchen to make some mimosas and be ready to continue the morning with Tiffany when I was stopped in my tracks. That package is still sitting on the table, and once again those wings are caught in a shaft of sunlight and seem to be ever so slowly flapping just a bit back and forth. I had somehow completely forgotten about it, now all I can see are the dust motes trapped in a shaft of sunlight over the minty green of the cloth covered box. It's in my hands suddenly and feels old but oddly timeless. The box weighs almost nothing. As I open it I see what looks like a pewter gravy server, perhaps five inches across. But not quite, the server has a lid, but it's more burnished then the body and harder to see some detail. After the light weight of the box I am very surprised when I lift out this wonderful piece to more closely examine it and find a distinct heft to it. The lid seems to have some writing and I swipe across the top to clear any dust. The writing is caught in the light maybe, it suddenly brightens in my eyes, almost blinding me! Behind me Tiffany screams!

I whirl around to the unfathomable. Time seems to slow down. In mid-whirl, I sort of notice Tiffany has stopped screaming. She has her right hand kind of splayed open and her whole arm is doing a back stroke thing, her left hand is in the process of dropping a mimosa filled champagne flute. Her knees are a little bent and with her stance in a mid-step, she looks like she had been sneaking up on me prior to whatever spooked her. She's wearing a diaphanous top that comes below her very red and puffy pussy ( looks like someone was having a little fun in the shower, honestly Tiffany will masturbate at the drop of a hat! ), her flat belly, flawless tight c-cup tits with distended nipples and her mouth is in a very wide open position that is stuck between comic and erotic. I immediately think about things to stick in there. And that's it. I get that tingly feeling down my spine. Tiffany is stuck in that position. And so is that champagne flute. She has let go of it but it's not moving. I look further up her face and see her eyes looking in the opposite direction I had turned from. Oh s***! 

But it seems I saw all of that detail in the blink of an eye because my body is still turning and when I see which way Tiffany was looking I just keep turning in that direction. I feel tricked as my eyes are looking back at head level and their is something on the floor at my waist level.

My mouth is opening to scream or roar, I'm not sure which, when the most melodious, soothing voice says, "Be not afraid D, you have been gifted me by your aunt Leah." That voice surely stopped me in my tracks.

My mouth agape, I took in the misty form in front of me. It was resting comfortably on it's knees, in a decidedly Nipponese way I think. Hands on it's thighs and straight-backed but not rigidly so. Dark short hair I think but it did appear in shadow. I couldn't say by voice or immediate appearance if it was male or female even. And yet that voice. It put me at ease immediately. I felt no threat or need for fear. 

Just the opposite, I was entranced. This creature absolutely radiated Possibilities! I felt a warmth come over my skin, starting at my extremities and racing like my blood back to my heart and exploding into my skull. It felt amazing! I was left covered in goose bumps and tingling from the balls of my feet to the roots of the hair on my head ( and everywhere else ).

"You, D, have a wicked little mind don't you?" If I was gaping before my jaw must have about broke when it shut so hard. This creature on it's knees was now speaking in Tiffany's voice when she is at her sultriest. "Oh your aunt Leah captured you so perfectly in her mind, but wouldn't she be surprised to know what I see." And that broke the spell. 

That wasn't Tiffany down there and this whole situation was too damn much! "Look Bit..!" was as far as I got before peels of laughter rang out. 

"I'm sorry D. Let me explain." This thankfully back in that soothing melody of little bells tinkling that was her voice. And she did. For some unknown period of time she explained that she was my Anuith, something akin to a genie, with a power to create anything I wanted. She shared with me a vision of her home that was maybe love incarnate and when she removed the vision of her home world to continue the story all I remember was a intense feeling of open welcomeness from what she showed me.

She told me the Anuith where a sentience from another place. And she told me she had been banished from that place for a period of one thousand years, and further, if she did not atone for her transgression during that time, the sentence would be continued for another thousand years into eternity.

I say "she" because during the course of the tale "her" physiology was subtly shifting. It went from that sort of androgynous Asian look through an Indian sort of darkness to settle on a heavy-breasted and tiny waisted caramel colored goddess in bright clothes and gold bangles.

She startled me when she jumped up and started belly-dancing to a hidden music source. She stared directly into my eyes while she got closer and closer, swaying her hips. And just when I tensed up in preparation for her to start pushing against me, she fell down in peels of laughter and was again that slightly misty almost featureless person. "I am not a Genie D!, but we can play those games later. For now, Attend to what I tell you."

Fuck me! I went from staring into the soul of sex itself to laughter and utter seriousness in what felt like seconds and this whole day has been utter nonsensical to boot. But then sultry voice became the soothing little bells voice and took me to a place of deep peace and I listened further.

"As I said D, I am gifted to you from your aunt Leah. First and foremost her last instruction was for me to grant you a wish right away so that you would understand a little of the nature of what I can do. That warmth you felt earlier was me scanning your body and mind. So I know you and the things you want. Nothing you say will surprise or repulse me. Do you have a wish you would like granted right now."

Greatest statement ever. I heard the ocean in both ears. That sound that is created by the tidal forces of one spatial body acting upon the water of another. A rushing heady sense of the power this being held. Like one percent of one percent ad infinitum of the power available to this Anuith creature. 

With a sudden bright memory of my aunt Leah, and thinking I'm drunk and all but this seems pretty real and my amazing aunt Leah always said to grab life and one of her favorite sayings lit up in my head, going with the flow I giddily replied "Surprise me."

Eyes sparkling and suddenly enveloped in light, the Anuith nodded at me and three things happened. First, the mimosa that had been falling from Tiffany's hand appeared in the Anuith's hand and was downed in one gulp. She (he/it?) disappeared in a wink and a flash, and third, Tiffany suddenly shouted "Heh heh."

With nothing to see in front of me anymore, I naturally turned to look and see what was happening with Tiffany. My vision was met with that of a beyond sexy Harley Quinn! Kind of. Totally the Harley Quinn head in whiteface and red-ended pigtails, black kohl eyes, red lipstick wearing a studded dog collar. So Tiffany as Harley Quinn mostly. Further south things were different. 

First off Tiffany as Harley is rocking what are now easily D-cup tits with thumb sized nipples sporting barbell piercings, the whole package lifted by a red leather corsette that left a solid looking midriff exposed. A black utility belt hung from her hips with various unknown pockets on it and thigh high black leather boots encasing her legs to mid thigh. Exactly like Tiffany but a little bigger and stronger perhaps.

In microseconds my brain had started responding by sending all the blood in my brain and upper body south to get ready to work. So I'm turning and taking all this in and my body is physically reacting to what I am seeing when the few red blood cells feeding my brain start screaming "Danger, D!" And two things imprint as the stars explode before my eyes and the world goes dark.

Tiffany as Harley is swinging a baseball bat at my head is definitely what I think my brain wants me to focus on. But what locks me up is between those thigh high boots and that utility belt, Tiffany as Harley Quinn is swinging a seriously huge cock. 

And Crack!