 ** I had received a comment in the prologue that made me recast the *hero. I found some highly creative videos that the characters and actions are generally based on. The vignette is hopefully interesting. My first story after reading so many here.

*****

Quick recap - During a strange morning my old disconnected voicemail machine had a message from my long ago disappeared and declared dead aunt Leah saying she was having a special package delivered. While opening the strange and exotic package work called and became the focus of the next 48 hours. Post work-party a friend joins me back home for some adult fun when I see the package and open it to receive the gift. And ohh my!

***

Today, Friday 13th cont:

I open my eyes to see I'm in a very lightly lit room with such a strange quality to the light. I realize the light is all reflected from mirrors on the wall, and it's so strange as most of the mirrors are seamless but as my head turns I notice what I took for doorways are just framed mirrors. Or some are mirrors and maybe some are entryways. All around me are people in costumes, very exotic, yes very definitely erotic costumes.

As I try to take in my surroundings it's obvious the room is much larger than I thought, with mirrored columns creating separation and pockets of activity. In fact my eyes are drawn to a very handsome Spanish looking man who looks exactly like Dos Equis commercial star. Long face full of character with that luxurious salt and pepper hair and bear. He's wearing a red silk smoking jacket with black lapels with dark silk pants peeking out below the hem of the jacket. He's looking down and I follow his gaze. Not one, not two, but three masked party-goers are at this guys feet. All three working the fat shaft of Mr. XX like the ecstasy drugged partiers they must be. 

And old Dos Equis guy looks like quite the stud right now. One hand holding both a marijuana vaping pen and a heavy looking tumbler half-filled with some aromatic whiskey looking drink. With no ice, because this guy is that kind of cool. I watch him say "ladies...and gentleman, please please, watching you please each other also gives me pleasure." And sure enough his masked devotees get busy. One of them turns and bends over a low black leather ottoman that was nearby and the other two take sides! XX snaps his fingers and a valet dressed servant of some sort moves a low leather library chair over to the side of the ottoman where a masked head has his/her mouth wide open eagerly awaiting what he/she knows is coming. I see a wet pussy and a winking cocoa brown butthole as the other two have exposed the bottom of their friend, so it's a she. Mr. Interesante himself is now seated and after pulling his lapdog by her tresses back onto his still saliva wetted cock, he takes a deep drag from his vape. My gaze has certainly lingered too long and as he exhales he stares straight into my eyes and nods briefly before returning his attention to the superb tongue action being played upon his fat apple shaped cock head. 

My already flushed face and body gets even hotter and I break away to a darker corner to catch my breath. I'm just kind of lost and replaying the whole XX incident when I realize I'm staring at a darkly dressed and masked stranger who is brazenly staring straight at me, when over this character's shoulder I see the most riveting thing yet.

A golden masked woman, her entire body painted gold and strategically wrapped in reflective gold spangles, is dancing diagonally toward me, but I think looking at the darkly dressed person who seems to have quite the mysterious aura. I can see from my peripheral vision the stranger has turned their head as if they too can sense what is coming. I'm beyond titillated. The masked stranger has no idea!

Golden beauty has this flowing mane of brunette hair, a string of golden lights entwined within it. Her golden mask is simple, and with hooded eyes that reflect red, my body starts reacting to a primal fear. I'm rooted to the spot and for good reason. She has the regal aquiline nose, a not overly voluptuous upper lip over the full on pouty lower lip that inspires dreams, currently separated in a wide smile with very white teeth displayed in a subtly lupine hunger. Her lower cheeks have just the perfect amount of collagen for nice dimples when smiling, and it's a sweetness decidedly at odds with the nature of the smile.

I'm watching this golden goddess glide up to the mysterious stranger and just as I see her reaching for him and before I can fully take in the rest of appearance, and warn him, God help him this woman looks dangerous! - the eyes were pretty hard to break free from. I feel an arm slide around from behind me and a light touch of hand settle on belly, only to immediately start sliding downwards. 

It's exactly what I see the golden goddess doing to the dark stranger in front of me. She whispers in my ear with urgency "Be careful what you wish for..." and I wake. It was my aunt Leah's voice.

...

I'm in that halfway place between dreaming and awake. I have a clear memory of the dream landscape and I immediately match it up with a memory. When I turned 18, my very special aunt Leah had taken me on a whirlwind tour designed by her to inculcate me into adulthood. The first stop was Vancouver, British Columbia. 

It had been an overcast morning that we spent at the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden followed by a yoga with group chanting and those monks sound dishes ringing in the background. Like all the days to follow, aunt Leah seemed intent on exposing me to every idea ever, and then no matter how serious or absurd the content, she would laugh and remind me "to look and weigh your own thoughts." 

She told me we where going to have the first of many unique nights that night during our lunch and that she had set me up with a spa appointment and was leaving me with some free hours after, and we would meet up at English Bay Beach to share the sunset and then get ready for the nights entertainment. Then she looked me in the eye very frankly and said "it will be a whole lot more fun if you forego finishing yourself off this afternoon." And with a kiss on the cheek she thankfully whooshed away. 

C'mon! I was eighteen and had spent the morning first with aunt Leah's natural sexiness and light yet heady perfume. Then the oddly citrus smell of her sweat as my yoga partner. Her regular light touches and close instruction throughout the day. And oh yeah, I can see the excitement she creates in others and know most would trade places with me in a heartbeat. 

Aunt Leah just has this natural frisson about her that everyone feels, men and women. It became like a joke to me as time went by, I would see nostrils flare everywhere we went together. That natural primal reaction to something that excites us. A desire to take a deep inhalation of such a heady perfume as aunt Leah exuded. And I was very proud to be with her.

So somehow a massage and an afternoon masturbation free after my senses have been on high alert all morning. That may be beyond my power.

We did meet up later at English Bay Beach to watch the sunset. Why I have no idea but there is a so called Sunset Beach just down a few blocks, but Leah had told me English Bay Beach had wooden logs as benches to sit at and enjoy the sun dropping below the horizon. Confusing, but probably a tourist thing. I can see her from a block away as I walk down Denman Street and for just a moment I think she is like a shark powerfully swimming to hold station in a strong current while all the little fish around her both give her space and yet keep careful watch out of the corner of their eyes for any subtle signals of movement or action she may give off. Prey in the presence of a predator. At the exact moment I'm finishing that thought she turns and gaily waves me onward.

We end up holding hands in a enjoyable but peaceful way during the sunset. We don't say much and I feel my eighteen year old heart breaking just a bit as I was wanting some more of aunt Leah's sexiness. The beauty of the moment quickly pulls me from that fleeting pang of sadness and I reflect on the day. The chaos of wild growth transformed into art that was the garden, the yoga with it's incantations and deep tonals of the bells, the massage releasing the lactic acid built up in my muscles and later flushing all the toxins with a water and electrolyte regimen the spa recommended. Sitting here holding hands with aunt Leah who leaves every cell of my being feeling alive and aware.

And that's just it. I feel a wanton vitality building inside of me as the darkness defeats the light and aunt Leah and I, still holding hands, stand together and walk off to dinner. Though dinner was a quiet affair my awareness seems to be expanding exponentially. First I'm aware of a bead of sweat docilely traversing down my back, and this while watching the pulse in my wrist beating. The table is candlelit and either my pulse is slightly irregular or it's the dancing of the firelight that makes it seem so. I look up at aunt Leah and see the tiny pores of her skin, she is on her phone coordinating our activities of tonight she has told me. The smooth skin of the jaw gives way to a leanness in her cheekbones that's highlighted by the candle flame. I notice my own nostrils flaring to take in more of her scent. She is looking me in the eye again as if my arousal is clearly written all over my face.

"Well darling, did you enjoy your first day as an adult in the care of your old aunt Leah?" Instead of responding with words my grin felt like it was trying to break my face while I nod my obvious approval. Leah nodded back and quoting the words of a voodoo practitioner from a strange movie she had taken me to a year ago, she kind of half-smirks and grabs one of my hands and says in her best Haitian accent "Time for evil." 

And in that brief intimate touch, I felt only confusion for her hand was the temperature of death and her pupils first contracted and elongated like that of some nightmare wolf and I swear the entire iris was bordered with a red flame.

Aunt Leah blinked and the moment passed. Her hand, still in mine, felt warm and delightfully feminine. Her eyes smiling along with her mouth in a natural goofy expression. And yes, her eyes looked perfectly normal and well - human. Unlike just a second ago. She must have seen some shock in my face because she let go of my hand and hit me lightly in the shoulder while saying, "hey c'mon! That was from the movie Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil I took you to last year."

Still I'm speechless. The wheels are trying to turn but just can't seem to gain any traction. Aunt Leah steps closer and says "D, hey D... are you in there." Yes. Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. We did go see that movie at the downtown theater that screens reruns of older movies and I do remember that part. And no it wasn't a horror film. I'm just locked up for one of those interminable moments when you know you should be saying something reassuring and normal but your mind is stuck in a horror feedback of that impossible thing you just saw but couldn't possibly have seen. Leah squeezes my hand just then and whew, I'm back.

"No Leah, it just took me a moment to think of the movie." So smooth I was as an eighteen year old. 

Leah bumped my hip to get me going and we exited the restaurant and then things got interesting. We had walked into a high rise area when Leah stopped us. I was still ruminating on both dinner and convincing myself I didn't see what I am sure I did and hadn't been paying attention to our direction anyway.

"D."

"Yes Leah."

"I'm going to blindfold you now if you are willing. I am taking you to a very special and private party and all new guests must arrive blind-folded." 

"Umm-mmm."

"If you don't feel comfortable we can skip it." At this point Leah is looking up at me and holding both of my hands waiting for my answer. I feel an overwhelming love for this exciting women that is neither lustful or platonic. It's a moment of simple trust that sweeps away the strangeness of earlier.

So I say the magic words that would become a staple of me trusting in aunt Leah to keep me safe while exposing me to new ideas during that trip. "I trust you aunt Leah. Surprise me!"

...

And now I am fully awake. First my head does feel like it was cracked with something. I'm pretty sure if I reached up I would feel a goose egg emerging on my forehead. When I open my eyes, it's a long moment before I understand what I see. 

It's a crazy mixture of my dream, the last thing I remember before getting knocked out, and what happened later that same night at the party Leah had taken me to.

It's a bit hard to process but the now fleeting dream and half waking reminder of that special party makes it easier. I see reflections of the same woman from multiple viewpoints. Everything is a bit blurry as my eyes seem to be still trying to fully open.

I look up to see the light is coming from strings of dim bulbs high overhead. Random swathes of muslin are slowly orbiting below the bulbs, throwing hints of shadows. Directly ahead is a dark space, maybe an entryway. Flanked on both sides by mirrored walls that extend upwards beyond what I can see. Many sections of the wall are angled and I further notice mirrored pillars. These particularly stand out as rather than reflecting the overhead lights, the seem lit from within. As I focus I see these pillars are actually made of some burnished metal, and the lava-like radiance is coming from within the pillars and is escaping through what looks like the same writing from the box the Anuith was delivered in.

I'm kind of processing that but really I'm spellbound by the woman reflected to me in the mirrors. She's ensconced almost head to toe in some kind of leather looking material. Certainly not leather though. It's skintight and although she is completely covered, no part of this beauty's body is left to the imagination. She's sitting on the floor with her legs kind of splayed out in front of her, one knee bent up a little. While it's hard to discern in the dancing dimness, the fabric looks tastily tight across her pelvis. In one suspiciously erotic flare of light, an outline shape of her pubic hair is clearly visible above her mound. And in that brief flash it sure looked to be in the shape of a fist! A shocking visage. Also highly erotic seeing it in such detail through the dark fabric like that, making me realize calling that outfit skintight is way underselling it. Unsurprisingly a wide utility belt is attached to her waist, and it's of a burnished black with some intricate ovoid buckle. As I look up I have to catch my breath. There is a deep black zipper that runs up the front of her outfit and it's unzipped enough to see heaving visible cleavage gulping in air, but the startling image is a silver talisman on a dainty little chain that looks exactly like one aunt Leah had given me when I was young! It exactly splits her milky white cleavage coming all the way to where the black zipper splits open. Despite a strong similarity it's not at all the chain length I wear so I keep taking in more details, and on further consideration, some pale freckles are dotted across that creamy expanse of chest. Looking further up, yes indeed. A black collar with one simple device; a smiling cat with a tiny red ruby eye, and just above, it's the cowled head of catwoman. Her face is exposed from the sharp jawline to just above her eyebrows. She has some kind of violet tinged goggles up over her forehead which is covered in that same leather like material and not at all subtle cat-ears molded in the top. Her lips are darkened but look thin. In fact her visible face is all sharp angles and fierceness. Her eyes look a bit half-open and dimmed but in another mirrors reflection I can see the whole picture. She's sitting on the floor against a quite wide pole with her arms pulled back tightly behind the pole - definitely adding to the very deep cleavage of catwoman's heaving chest - and her wrists bound behind it.

Holy Moonbeams Batman! Catwoman is tied up and ready for my pleasure apparently in this adventure! This is the most exciting impossible gift ever and my mouth drops open in appreciation of the impossibilities!

That's funny, Catwoman's mouth just dropped open! Her eyes are starting to focus and she tilts her head to the left and I can see the wheels turning in her head. In fact it's the exact same thing I do when I lose myself in trying to figure something out and Oh! My! God!

I shift my shoulders and try to sit up all the while watching as Catwoman's body is doing what I am thinking. I can't do much moving beyond shaking my cleavage because sure enough - Catwoman in the mirror is me, and I'm tied up and helpless.

In my complete surprise I hear sounds in what I think was previously silence. A low whistling followed by the quite distinct sound of someone dragging their heels. That whistling is somehow familiar and boom! Rock hard nipples spring up from my chest. Forget the whistling! I am looking down at class 'A' erect nipples oh so prominently displayed through whatever this ridiculous superhero outfit material is. I briefly think there is just no way someone would fight crime in this getup when the doorway is suddenly filled with Harley Quinn.

Now I don't know yet if Catwoman has any real super powers - my mind casts doubt on this - but this body of her's I'm wearing has super sexual excitement! Catwoman, I mean me, is beyond focused on this shocking vision and resulting changes to my body.

Exactly as I had seen her before. Now however some spotlight has come on over this entryway and she is completely highlighted in dramatic fashion. I had some details wrong. Her pigtailed blonde hair is red-ended on one side and black-ended on the other. Her whiteface doesn't completely hide a few freckles of her own. Her lips are pulled back in a sneer and she wears a cruel look. Blue eyes sparkle with an insane but powerful intellect. And yet.

Regardless of the surprise of waking as Catwoman and being thrust into such an odd situation, my brain has taken immediately to this body of Batgirls and I feel it as my own. My nipples feel like they get even harder. I smell danger in the room and it has my hormones riding previously unknown highs!

That studded dog collar around her neck really starts my heart racing ( cause we all know something is going down when the dog has the cat cornered ) as I take in her magnificent D-cups upthrust with that crimson red corsette. I see the barbells through her nipples each have a miniature skull at each end! Her solid midriff leading down to a black utility belt makes me look back up at the overall effect. She looks very fit and solid. Holding a bat like she is she would look very dangerous normally to me I think. Except...

Some things I didn't mistake from that first observation. She is wearing some damn sexy black leather thigh high boots that stop just mid thigh. Dangling well below the tops of those boots, but starting just where it should be. Is a Big. Huge. Fat. Super Cock. 

When she first came into the room, she was whistling low and swinging that bat in lazy circles, now leaning against the entryway with her own head cocked giving me the crazy eye up and down and meanwhile, the bat is just kind of hanging from her hand at waist level straight down. Parallel sort of with that Big. Huge. Fat. Super Cock. The neck of the bat looks completely inadequate laying alongside that thick slab of dick. As the bat widens to it's full circumference, it finally catches up with what Harley is packing. Or dangling. Whatever. 

It should be comical. Harley has a baseball bat sized dick hanging down to her knees. I briefly look up to see her smirking at me but I'm sure I saw that thing starting to rise and it's a show I plan to catch. Peripherally I see the bat swing out of the picture and get placed in a position of readiness over Harley's shoulder, and I can both see her walking towards me and hear the scuffing of her heels. The oddly familiar whistling has also restarted but my eyes are glued to that glorious huge cock, it's literally mesmerized me!
