 "Hey, innkeep! I've got more product for you, you got any gold for me?" Lia grinned, and hefted a heavy set of flasks. They were clearly heavy, not just because the innkeep knew Lia's habits, but because her corded arms were bulging just a little from the effort. The innkeep sniffed, and sighed. 

Yup, he thought. Just as usual, she's trying to tempt me with the merchandise. Wouldn't mind if she wasn't such a gouger. Looking up, still cleaning a tankard, he narrowed one eye. It wouldn't stop her, intimidate her, or anything like that. But, just as this damn elf was a girl of habit, he played into that. He didn't often think why, but when he did? 

Rituals are important for important things. That made sense. And so, the nonchalant cleaning. Lia heh-heh-hehing (as if he never noticed.) A tired sigh as she hefted them onto the counter, letting just a little of that sweet, golden syrup pour out before she "noticed", and capped it again. And dutifully (and not without pleasure) he sniffed. 

"So... 50 gold, then?" Lia scowled. "This may be quality product, Erieth knows how you get it, but you know we don't get that much business..." 

Okay, this part of the ritual changed a bit. Mainly because she would jack up her price more if he used the same excuse twice. And so, after the back and forth, the muttering on his part, and the increasingly loud and angry haranguing on her part, money was counted, and exchanged, and she swaggered from the inn triumphantly, to go get more flasks. 

He chuckled, knowing she wouldn't come back until she had more. For all that she was a gouger, he'd been in this business for a long time, and he knew how to cook. She never even realised that her monster honey brought in more business than even her grumpiest rates. 

She's a good haggler, but fucked if she can observe well besides that. He stopped polishing, and sighed. Adventurers who harvested monsterfolk, whatever the product was, stopped coming in, sooner or later, and it wasn't exactly difficult to tell why. 

Ah, hell... If she gets in trouble, there's always more coming into town. And that guy with the waist length beard seems to be having a lot of luck with the cowgirls out there. 

In this town, as any other, adventurers could buy and sell to their heart's content. But nobody was willing to protect them from their own mistakes. 

The forest was always cool. Never cold, because winter didn't hit as hard here as other places, but even in the hottest summers, the dappled shadows protected travellers from the sun, and the pleasant breeze both refreshed, and made a symphony of rustlings that set the heart at ease. Lia loved it. She wasn't a woodsy girl, and she enjoyed the bustle and cries of the towns (And the girls... Ohh, she'd be back soon), but she appreciated beauty almost as much as she appreciated her next nice... Heavy bag of gold. 

She stopped, and leaned her back against one of the nearby trees. Stretched her arms above her head (She was proud of those arms. And, you know... Other folks liked them too.) And frowned. She would come back to town, and she would probably be heavily laden like she always was, hopping to the river along the way to wash off the cum from horny beefolk. But she couldn't lie to herself, she wanted to really show that smug innkeep. The only reason she hadn't done it yet was that, underneath her confident exterior, she knew there were... 

Risks. Oh, yeah, risks. Adventurers talked, and all too often, when the drinks were downed, and the pretty boys and ladies were fucked, they would gather, and the mood would turn somber. And some asshole would mention Jake, or Helga, or... Fuck, it didn't matter whose name it was, the story followed the same verse, chorus, and multiple climaxes in between. Mockingly, she imitated the latest storyteller's version, doing her best to do a gruff, melancholy growl. 

"Hrngh, yeah, we've definitely lost Lena. You know, Black Helena, that girl with the huge bolas who went after giantesses? Mmhm, that's the one, I remember her shattering that chair over... Yeah, yeah, I'll get to it. Don't we always? So... I'm wandering around the base of the mountains, and I hear her. I can't not hear her, because she's on the verge of causing an avalanche, she's crying so loud." Bullshit "And, sure enough, I climb the next butte... Shut up, I'm doing what you wanted, aren't I?" 

She coughed. That bit was hard. Recovering, she carried on. It was a good vent, after all, and nobody cared here. Nobody was near enough to care. "So I climb the next butte, and, sure enough... There she is, and there she is, probably a 12 footer, with wild red hair, and even wilder pubes. Not that I could see 'em at first, they were drenched in cum. And so was Lena. I've seen a lot, but a giantess with a dick that big? No wonder her eyes were rolled up in her head, arms limp. That gal was using her like one of those... Shit, can't remember the name, you jack off into them... Eh, never mind, she was a fucktoy. She'd probably enjoyed it, but then... Well, you know how the few who come back feel. And you know how they don't come back for long. Fucked brainless, and she probably loved every second, somewhere in there." 

She mimed drinking, and let out that long huff Teodor always made. She didn't like Teodor, he was a grumpy son of a minotaur who pounded cowgirls while he milked them. And she wouldn't have minded if he was the subject of a story next time. Hell, she would probably use that tale as a masturbation aid. The strong dumbass who sucked both tits. Self consciously, she glanced at her own. Honestly, Left Breast seemed pretty damn tempting right about now, she always felt flat compared to the human ladies. I mean, they liked her tits, and the puffy, pointy nipples, but... 

She pushed herself off the tree, and gathered her backpack, checking that it was secured. This one was going to be big, and the last thing she needed was for two of her flasks to knock together. Drones, they could be persuaded, and she'd gotten a lot of honey after they'd cum a few loads, refusing to lick their chests no matter how much they teased and tempted. 

No... Today she was going for the source. She had a rough idea of how many drones, there was only ever one Queen, and beefolk made their little cave hives... Well, they always wanted their larva chambers cooler, so with only a little bit of scouting, she'd worked out the most likely spot, a runoff into the cave. She wasn't going to settle for sloppy seconds. 

She was gonna go royal. 

The cave was, as she expected, quite cool. All was silent, as the Drones were out collecting for their mistress, and the coast was very much clear. Quickly, silently, she slipped inside, pleasantly noting it was lit with giant glowbugs. It would normally have irritated, but she was getting a free ride, so that extra visibility helped out. 

After a little while, however, she was getting annoyed, and, not caring about the noise, stamped one of her feet on the ground and huffed. Natural cave or no, this was a maze. And she was at least going in the right direction, but... She cut her thoughts short. She could smell it. It was close. And she had to hurry, because the Drones weren't going to be out all day. And they'd probably fuck her silly if she was caught. Not, like, permanently silly, but she'd probably be dripping cum for a while, and coming back to town without her clothes, and that would be embarassing. 

Still, the scent was growing stronger, and ohhhh it smelled so good. She was rushing, not checking around her, without even realising it, and soon... The Birthing room. The Drones were nothing if not dutiful, filling their queen almost daily, cumming into her, and she would birth the lava, leaking her royal jelly over them to preserve them, feed them. 

The room was dripping with it, and the floor was a sticky mess that sank up to the middle of her heels. Against the walls were the store for larvae, filled with that sweet, awh yes so sweet, what a score... She just breathed it in for a minute, and it warmed her just from its presence. The innkeep would probably hem and haw, because getting caught with this stuff was a heavy fine, but... He'd pay through the god-damn nose. Especially if she left one uncorked. Setting her bag hanging from an overhang, thankfully less sticky, she untied one of the flasks, and set to work. She wouldn't be able to just scrape it, this time, so she knelt, and slathered some over her hand, letting it drip, ooze down to the neck of the bottle, tantalisingly hanging on the neck with every syrupy dripping. And her hand... 

She was leaning down, the smell overpowering in her nostrils, hypnotised with each squeeze, with each drop beading, stretching, globules forming and lengthening as they went, and... Her tongue reached out of its own accord. She wanted to taste it. She needed to taste it. Because her hand already felt warm, spreading to the rest of her body, and... 

It set fire to her senses, a ripple of delight on her tongue, and she closed her mouth, caressed it on the roof of her mouth... No, this was really good stuff, and she wanted more. She tilted her head back, opened her mouth wide, and, as it dripped into her mouth, onto her chin, that warmth became heat, a heat she wanted to stoke, to stroke, to... Her other hand, now dripping with honey, slid inside her shorts. And she couldn't restrain herself. 

"Ohhhhh Ereith yesssss. Haaaaahhhhh so good, so goood!" 

She didn't even notice that, after a while, figures, figures that had been silently trailing her the whole way, filed into the chamber. Their black, glossy bodies shined, rigid, smooth shafts at attention, always at attention, and their arms thick and armoured. Lea was naked, and covered, drooling and with her eyes closed as she fingered her syrup covered pussy with four fingers. She was oblivious, wrapped in sensation. And the lead figure crossed his four arms, and turned to his compatriots. 

"Zadly, zhe has eaten the jelly... We will have no pleazures while we ezcort her to the Queen. It iz... Our lawzzz." His low, bass voice was tinged with that buzz, and his compatriots buzzed low, sighs of disappointment. They hadn't had an intruder for months, and the last one had been an Alraune, always a threatening opponent. 

But the Queen's law was absolute. So, with a soft, wet sound, the honey covered, dripping elf was raised, shouldered over four sets of chitinous shoulders, and carried, through the chambers, through the corridors to the Queen. And all the while, she fingered herself, and moaned, and came. It was enough to make their mandibles clench. The Queen's law was absolute, but she was gracious, and always allowed her Warriors, her chosen, to express their feelings freely. And they were annoyed. 

After a while, she was left in the care of the Drones, and they cleaned her, to a symphony of panting, mewling, and crying in pleasure. By the time they were done, she was done, collapsing in exhaustion, still lightly gasping as she dreamed. 

Muzzily, who knows how long later, she opened her eyes, and raised her head. At first, her thoughts were directionless, except the drive to feel so good again, but, after a few breaths, only a tingle of that sweet scent to confuse her, she realised that the floor under her wasn't rock, or a bed of honey. It was fleshy, a little warm to the touch, and she gasped. She remembered giving herself completely to pleasure, stripping her clothes in a frenzy of lust, her flasks and backpack completely forgotten, and... Nothing. But she was somewhere different, and she- 

"Oh, you've woken up! Very good, I was going to get one of the Warriors to splash you with cum, but I see that's not necessary!" 

Oh shit. There could only be one being that voice belonged to. She looked up, and moaned. But it wasn't pleasure. It was that feeling of failure, and knowing... She was caught. She'd been overconfident, and she'd fucked up. Still... She could maybe get... Claws, smooth, and not ungentle, wrapped her arms, pinning them behind her. 

Oh shit. 

The Queen smiled. Her face, apart from her large, segmented eyes, was human looking, high, round cheeks smoothing to a pointed chin, orange, full lips, and short cropped hair, ginger like a carrot, framed her face, and her antennae. She was nude, her belly on full display, her four arms crossed under her chest, and her abdomen raised behind her, almost framing her entire body. And that chest... Lea couldn't help herself. She stared in sheer envy. She couldn't see the wrist, because that chest, squished as it was by her firm biceps, draped over them. And the Queen's smile turned smug. 

Damn her. Damn her to hell... 

"Now... Let's give a little recap, shall we? I'm sure you're a little sore, stretching all your muscles like that. And they are nice little muscles... And a nice... little chest." The emphasis got a glare, and a flush, and the Queen's smug look intensified. "You, whose name I don't even care to learn, who has been milking my drones, making them tired, finally decided to slip in here. You didn't know about my warriors... And you certainly didn't know about my sweet, sweet honey." She removed one of her arms, and studied the fingers, nonchalantly, before turning her gaze back down, smugness becoming a malicious arc. 

"And so, you ate it, as many an intruder does, and you fucked yourself with your fingers, and rolled around in it, dirtying yourself all up, and by the time my warriors had gotten to you, you'd made a lot of work for my Drones. They haven't even fucked me today, they've been so busy separating contaminated honey from all the cumming." Lea flushed. She couldn't remember this, but, from the sounds of it, there was a good reason, and the Queen... She was angry. And, in a rare moment of self awareness, she admitted to herself that she had a very good reason. Well, several. Sore, just as she said, and pinned from behind, she didn't resist as they hoisted her to her knees, and set her kneeling, looking up at the Queen. Noting this with a brief look of approval, before scowling, she continued, her honeyed voice businesslike and imperious, as befit her station. 

"Still... I am not ungracious. This is, after all, the first time you have committed a real crime against me. Either I clothe you in some rags, and you work to expand my little demesne... It will take some years, but we'll feed you, and we certainly won't overwork you. Or you can pleasure me, and take the consequences thereof. You may ask questions now." She gestured, curtly, and Lea shivered. 

"I... How many years?" 

"Most likely four. And we will give you a small pouch of gold. It is, after all, a service to our community. Oh, and you can keep the rags. But nothing more." Lea frowned. That certainly was a punishment, and the alternative was... Better? But still, something tingled in the back of her mind, and she frowned. The other one was a punishment, somehow. She knew it. So she gulped, and drove on. 

"And... How will I pleasure you, Queen?" The Queen smiled, and her palms spread (Ereith, those damnable breasts fell so delightfully!) 

"For the time being, I am your Queen, and I will not allow you to forget that. And you will pleasure me as you would pleasure any woman. With your mouth, and your fingers. And I will play with you, and I'll even, if you want, make the punishment a little shorter, by letting my warriors thrust inside you. Oh yes..." She smiled again "...There is also the matter of giving you a few eggs. You'll not leave until you've birthed them in the forest, but my warriors can fertilise them, and we'll clean your clothes, return your things, and set you outside, once you've popped them out, if you want. It usually only takes a few days, and I am informed that it's just as pleasurable for me, just as painless, as it is for other interlopers." 

Lea's head tilted down, and she frowned in concentration. This certainly sounded nice, for a punishment, and... One of these Warriors stepped forward, and she gaped at his hard, always hard protruberance. Ohhhh boy... I'm starting to see why this might be a punishment, I'll be sore for the entire time I'm birthing if that's what's going to line up behind me! Still... Being sore for a few days wouldn't be the worst thing in the world, and if getting the Quee- Her Queen cumming was a punishment... But still something bothered her. 

"Wait... If I want? My Queen, you are definitely beautiful, stunningly so" laying it on thick there, Lea... "But the world is pretty big, and there's a lot of women and men out there, even if they aren't as..." She paused, breathless for a moment. They really were "...Well endowed as you and your Consorts are. Why would I not want to leave?" 

The Queen strode forward, and her arms reached out. One gently stroked her shoulder. Another lightly teased one of her breast, running from her collarbone to the tip, and the others gently covered her cheeks as she turned Lea's head toward her now sensuous face. 

"Oh, I can already see what you're going to choose... And I am, after all, a very experienced lover, with some sumptuous breasts. You may not want to leave because I'm good at pleasuring you. You may not leave because you find my Warriors attractive." The Warriors shuffled, and she could tell, just from their body language, that they were the ones deprived of fucking the most. She turned her gaze back to Her Queen, and those eyes smouldered, oh so warm, and seductive. "And you may not leave, thief, because I'd be giving you honey if you stayed." 

There's the catch. Omigod, there... is the catch! Lea couldn't help but let her eyes grow wide. That stuff was potent, and, even through the lust, the urge to moan just from the teasing, from the honeyed voice promising she'd be pleasured, she resolved to turn that particular gift down. She looked straight into Her Queen's eyes, twinkling with defiance. 

"Okay, I'll take you and these big dicks. Since they didn't get a chance to fuck me, and you'll say it shortens the time, I'll have it all. And I'll enjoy hearing you moan." She made that last bit boasting, and one of the Queen's hands withdrew to stifle a giggle. A lusty giggle. 

"Ohh, I'm sure you will! But, thief, we'll see afterwards who moans hardest. A little..." Her face came closer, and her mouth was right in front of her eyes, the full lips pouting "...Matter of pride." 

That did it. Lea's mouth hardened into a grim smile. "Yes, My Queen... A matter of pride." The Queen stood, still smiling, and widened her arms, welcoming. 

"Warriors, you may let her up. Form a line, and the first of you may... position her. But you won't put it in until I order it. My word is law." 

Feeling herself pushed up, her back encouraged to lean forward, placed close to those breasts, she felt those claws softly, but firmly grip her waist, and a long, thin shaft placed itself under the cleft of her pussy. "Your word, Queen, iz Law." The Queen looked down at her, and she smiled. 

"You may go first, thief." 
