 I sit myself down before my computer, logon, and go for a Google search. It's a long time since I've felt so buoyed up and full of myself, I keep grinning like a loon but I've got good reason. I've just won the lottery! Not the big one, not millions but I'm not going to turn up my nose at a half a million am I? So how do I celebrate? Well I've got almost no family so I've no gifts for them and I've already started to make plans for a booze up with my mates but I reckon I'm allowed to treat myself to something special, and just then I've finished typing and pressed enter key.

 My monitor screen fills with line after line all showing the same offering, Escort Agencies, and how to meet their beautiful girls. I'm fifty but my equipment still works fine so what better way to enjoy my good luck than with a beautiful young lady, who will make her own deal with me when we get together, and a little or a lot of bedtime fun to follow. The lists are endless and I skip from site to site looking for something special, since money is no object. Next on the list, The Celestial Spheres Escort Agency, the printing's weird but readable and I wonder whether I've found a Russian firm, but no, I've marked Google as U.K. pages only so I click on it. 

My monitor screen goes into a whirlpool of colour then pulses before settling into a sharp, clear, focus. Pictures of women is what I expected but most of the squares are blank, others carry what looks like cartoon figures and I click on one out of curiosity. A message appears. You are not authorised to access this segment of this site. So I'm about to move to the next on the list when I notice a picture of a severe but to me attractive lady. I click on it and I get a full size photo of Selene, a rather, as I've said , severe looking lass, but the high cheekbones and tilted oriental eyes coupled with the wide, thin lipped mouth does it for me. Her body, strangely for a site like this is fully clothed in some kind of leotard with legs and a hooded cloak thrown over her shoulders, but her lean form suits me fine so I move on to the what next part. There's a phone number to ring and talk to. One of our confidential advisors. That stumps me for a moment because it's nineteen digits and I can't figure out who has nineteen in their number. Selene however has got me determined that if I'm paying for my fun she's the one to turn me on, so, picking up my phone, I tap out the digits. I hear the strangest sounds I've never heard before coming down the line, bleeps, bongs, and whistles then a voice speaks in a foreign language. Pardon, I say, and a hollow voice booms, translation circuits activated, and this time I hear things clearly. 

"This is your advisor Kumar how can I help you?" 

Jesus these call centres must all be in India nowadays. 

"I'd like to book Selene please if she's available." 

A moments silence then a number of clicks and hums. 

"Yes Selene is free, when would you like to see her?" 

When? Well right now if possible but I offer this Friday night as giving me time to make arrangements, so now the question of cost from Kumar. 

"Our fixed rate of five hundred plounds applies and you must make your own deal with Selene." 

Plounds? Must be a glitch on the line or a speech impediment but that sounds peanuts so I go for it before he changes the charge upwards. 

"Pay by slide card Mr Carson?" 

Slide card? He must mean swipe card and I wonder if I should offer my card details to an unknown firm, but hell, I've got half a million and one of my accounts only has a little over five hundred quid in it so I use that card and book the slender Selene for this Friday. Kumar takes the details and apparently, wherever he is, my bank is acceptable. After giving my full name and address with many other details I ask Kumar the big question, off the record, and Kumar unbends. 

"Selene is most accommodating and really enjoys her work sir, I'm sure she will prove most enjoyable." 

I've rung on Monday morning so I've got till Friday to prepare, already booked a couple of weeks holiday, my boss doesn't mind as things are quiet and now I'll get the main bedroom ready for Selene. Don't want her to think I'm a slob so I dust, vacuum, and polish until things gleam. I won't be embarrassed by the room anyway, since you spend a third of your life in bed it might as well be a comfortable place and I've spent a few pounds on this room. Expensive carpet and king-sized bed, sleeps two but can play four so fine for just Selene and me. The walls are panelled in hardwood and many small spotlights illuminate it at night so I'll be happy to entertain here. I'll sleep in my spare room and leave this one pristine for my visitor. On Tuesday morning there's a confirmation Email waiting for me from Celestial but strangely no senders EMail address. While online I monitor my card account and find one strange deduction, at just about the right time for it to be Celestial there's a sum of £1.73p paid to something called Zonar holdings. I'm beginning to wonder if this is all a wind up but if it is I can't think why they'd do it take that little cash off me. One thing that is in the Email is a direct line number to Kumar should I need to contact him and this one has twenty three digits!

I decide to give him a bell and this time, after the queer sounds are over, I get Kumar straight away. In English, then I hit him with my question. 

"Kumar where the hell's your call centre and where's Celestial as well?" 

An icy silence for a long moment then he falls into defensive formality. 

"I'm not authorised to tell you sir I'll have to pass you to my superior, please hold." 

No clonks and bonks I get smoothly through to a smooth sounding boss man. 

"Kasmor speaking sir I understand you have some questions, but first might I ask you how you contacted us?" 

No problem, so I tell him his site's right there on the internet for all to see. 

"Hmmmmm! There may have been a glitch sir I'm not sure we're authorised to operate where you come from." 

He's not getting away that easy, the Email told me I'd entered into an enforceable contract and they've got my £1.73p so I want Selene at my home on Friday and I tell him so. 

"Please hold sir I must talk to MY superior." So patiently I wait while some very weird music plays over the line.

I can't take much more of these whining musical notes but just then Mr Kasmor comes back on the line. 

"Mr Carson, my superiors believe that your area might be a chance to expand our operations into and your contract will certainly be honoured, so you will receive conformation of when Selene will visit you, thank you for your call." 

I'm so chuffed at winning my argument that I forget my original reason for ringing and hang up happy. Sure enough I receive a message telling me that Selene will call at 6 p.m. prompt on Friday and I can't wait for the rest of the week to go by.

Late afternoon Friday and I'm showered, shaved, and smelling like a rose. I'm walking round the house with a hard on checking my watch and, like a kid on Christmas Eve, I keep peeking out the window only I'm looking for Selene not Santa. When the doorbell rings I've seen no car pull up or anyone come up my pathway but when I open the door she's there. I have to look up because Selene's a good six foot six and the spike heeled boots she's wearing take her to seven foot easily. She's got that leotard on and the hooded cloak shadows her face but there's no mistake, it's her all right. As I usher her in and close the door behind her she introduces herself in a deep, husky, voice. I'm getting a crick in my neck looking up all that way when she speaks. 

"I'm Selene your escort for tonight How do you wish to be entertained?" 

My mouth's dry but I manage to force out. 

"I thought we could just stay in and." 

I only get that far as she bends down and grabs me behind my knees and slings me over her shoulder like a feather pillow though I weigh twelve stone if I'm an ounce. 

"Ah you wish to mate, where do I take you?" 

I gesture vaguely up the stairs and she sets off taking two steps at a time with those endless legs. 

"Errr left at the top not straight ahead."

She marches into my room and dumps me on the bed, it's an expensive mattress and I bounce about a foot in the air. On the bedside cabinet I've left a nice bottle of red wine open so it can breath, with two glasses and an ashtray in case she smokes. Selene dips a finger in the bottle's neck. 

"This is?" 

She licks her finger. 

"Nice!" 

No plans to go out so I've dressed in trainers, tracksuit trousers, and a polo shirt. She grabs the waistband and yanks off my trousers and my Kalvin Kleins at the same time, right over my shoes, and stares down at my crotch. What had been a healthy erection has, not surprisingly, shrivelled like a snail that's just been salted. 

"Inadequate!" 

Damn right it's inadequate under these circumstances but Selene is not deterred. 

"Not to worry, enhancement is included in your fee." 

Enhancement, what in God's name is enhancement? I find out when she takes my wrinkled little member into her mouth, that's more like it! Or not! I feel something like a wasp's sting and I howl blue murder. She must have bitten me but the pain fades so quickly, then I start to feel a warm glow spreading from helmet to balls. Grabbing my trainers she whips them off without unlacing them and damn near breaks both ankles so I remove my shirt before she can rip it off. Selene sheds her cloak onto the floor, so much for a tidy room, and I regret replacing every bulb in the room with sexy, pink ones, because whatever make up she's wearing gives her face a greenish tinge in this light. She's got a sprinkle of sequins decorating either cheek which look sort of sexy and I feel a hardness stirring in my cock again.

I've never been more than modestly endowed, six or seven inches, so when I look down at my groin and see, rising like a tree trunk, a good ten or eleven inches and far thicker than I've ever been before, my eyes bug out. When I look up Selene has stripped off her leotard and is naked. Small, firm, breasts. Flat, slightly muscular belly, and legs that would put a showgirl's to shame. Her vulva is silk smooth because hair doesn't grow on scales! She doesn't just look green she is green, and finely scaled from head to foot. They weren't sequins! If not for whatever she's done to me my cock would be like a piece of spaghetti, cooked, limp, spaghetti. Scary! Rummaging in her cloak Selene produces a pair of small, half moon, spectacles and perches them on her nose to consult a small, black, book. 

"Homo Sapiens, hmmm yes, I see, vaginal, anal, oral, which would you like to start with?" 

All I can produce is a mouse like squeak so Selene decides. 

"We will take them in that order, which position should we start with?" 

Which position, how many times does she think I'll last through? Resignation has set in. 

"You choose Selene." 

"Jockey sounds interesting." 

She steps up onto the bed easily with her long, long, legs and seizes my cock in one hand and lowers herself until her small, tight, sex, swallows it. Wow! Feels like small hands have grabbed me, well something's grabbed me as Selene begins to slide up and down the throbbing length of me. It doesn't take long before I can feel it rising from my groin until it hurtles upward like a cruise missile and I cum like a hosepipe. I must have rung a few bells with her because, as she leans back, with my cock still deep inside her, her eyes are shut and she's making a faint moaning noise deep in her throat.

"Anal now?" 

What does she think I am? I'll go make a pot of tea and recover for a while but Selene's on all fours and has decided it's doggie time. Hold on, no droop, everything's ready to go again right now, Weird but good! Her arse is tighter than her sex but I thrust home and she likes this, she likes this a lot! This time she talks to me. 

"Good Liam, that's so good, don't you stop, don't you dare stop!" 

Not much chance of that, I'm into the scene now and hammering away like a road drill. Cuming soon to a bedroom near you the Liam and Selene show. She starts to howl and as she climaxes the howls get higher till my ears ache and I squirt so hard little beads of sperm erupt around the swollen barrel of my cock still deep inside her. Both bulbs in my bedside lamps shatter into tiny fragments as her howl becomes inaudible, didn't like that colour anyway, pink! So who gives a fuck.

Act three and it's oral. I've given up wondering when I'll run out of steam, I'm still like a rock and at least Selene doesn't have to ask me which position I want. This is nirvana for sex maniacs. When she takes my cock into her mouth I realise her tongue's forked like a snake and twice as long as any normal tongue but by now nothing about Selene surprises me anymore and it's twice the fun. When I cum it's amazing she doesn't choke on the delivery.

Four a.m. and we've gone through Selene's little black book, twice, but mainly it's been her favourite and I've been buried up her arse and cumming like a volcano. Not a light bulb intact in my bedroom but that's part of the package. We're lying side by side, quietly, because even my supercharged penis has finally run out of gas. I'm sipping a glass of the red wine along with her, surprisingly the bottle and glasses survived Selene's orgasms, while she's smoking something that looks like a length of tarry rope but which gives off an aromatic, spicy scent. Time for a post coital chat. 

"Where are you from Selene?" 

Shrugging. 

"Third galactic zone, seventh quadrant, spiral nebula. Little planet called Myrosh." 

Cool, for sure that explains a lot of weird things. 

"How did you get into this business?" 

Grinning. 

"Like sex, like getting paid for sex." 

Fair enough then. 

"How much do I owe you for tonight?" 

For this she needs a miniature calculator from her cloak. 

"Three hundred plounds, at present exchange rate, fifty two pence." 

I'm a big spender. 

"Nah Selene, take a pound." 

"Thank you Liam." 

Now for the big plan. 

"Selene would you consider a long term contract to be on permanent call for me? How does ten thousand plounds a week sound?" "Wow!Thank you." 

Looking down at my crotch she sees I'm getting really woody again and I figure one more for the road sounds good. 

"Liam do you want me to remove the enhancement before I go?" 

Panic. 

"No, no, absolutely not but thanks for the offer Selene." 

One more trip between her buttocks and she'll be off to wherever Celestial is to sort out her contract with me and then she's all mine. Have to spend a little more of my winnings though, about two thousand light bulbs to start with.