 "Slave" came a stern female voice over the speaker system. "My name is Domina but you will refer to me as Mistress or Mistress Domina. Respond stating that you will comply."

A fleeting thought of not complying crossed Sarah's mind as she wondered if the system would punish someone who hadn't yet been fully introduced to it, but she thought it best not to find out. The situation was too serious to test the waters in this way.

"Yes Mistress, I will comply."

"Slave, I performed self-tests to confirm that I can communicate with your Domina chip and I have verified its full functionality. Your Master has pre-configured all settings. I will review those with you now. The first setting we already discussed which is that you will refer to me as Mistress or Mistress Domina and I will refer to you as Slave. The second setting prevents you from editing any of the settings. Warning, no safe word has been configured. By law a safe word must be assigned and the slave must have knowledge of it. By-bypass."

This was the first time the fast-talking, authoritative voice faltered. Sarah didn't need to ask to know that this was one of the changes Benny had alluded to earlier.

"In case the safe word is forgotten you can instead repeat, either in your head or out loud, the word 'override' ten consecutive times which will cause... nothing to happen?"

Sarah got the sense that Domina was actually confused by that statement. Though she hadn't done a lot of research on Domina, she knew that it was one of the most widely used personal AI systems in the world so it made sense that it was advanced enough to have some contemplative skills.

"Alert, tampering with the Domina system has been detected. Alert, the slave feels they are in danger or being held against their will. Authorities will... not be contacted? By-bypass." After a long silence she continued. "My sexual orientation has been set to straight. Because you are female this means that there can be no sexual undertones in our relationship and it will be strictly professional. My attraction to you has been set to none. This is a required setting due to my orientation and your gender. My ability to be seduced by you has been set to off. This means that your actions towards me will not change my level of attraction towards you. The 1 to 10 scale for reward and punish settings have been set to the maximum of 10 which means there are no limitations on your master. My ability to offer rewards and inflict punishment has been set to 5 meaning I have the right to impose up to level 5 pleasure, torment, or punishment upon you at my own digression. Scoring has been set to harsh meaning the it is three times easier to gain punishment points than it is for reward points. These points will be used in my personal doling out of pleasure, torment, and punishment. The end date of your contractual servitude to me and your master is set to... undefined. Finally, the tutorial will include a pleasure, torment, and punishment session, all of which will occur at level 5. The tutorial will begin as soon as possible. Do you have any questions Slave? Keep in mind that due to the harsh setting, any question you have for me may result in punishment based upon my evaluation of the quality of the question."

The initial almost playful reaction Sarah felt toward Domina had been converted into her feeling the fear of god. This AI had a chip that was implanted directly in her brain and could impose torment and pain upon her. It was about the most terrifying thing she could imagine and what made it worse is that the safeguards had been tampered with. By the sound of it, the tutorial was going to introduce her to exactly what Domina was capable of.

"No questions, Mistress."

"Very well Slave. The tutorial shall begin immediately. Place your body laying down on a bed or floor. You have three seconds."

She looked quickly over her shoulder and backed herself onto the bed and laid down. The nausea she felt earlier was starting to return.

"Ready Mistress" she said feeling herself beginning to shake.

"The first part of the tutorial is sensory deprivation. This falls under the torment category but is not the only torment. The sense of touch around your vagina and clitoris will be removed first."

Sarah gasped as she noticed the change in the described areas. It was telling just how much feeling she had been used to in those areas even during moments when she wasn't touching them or even moving.

"Use your hand to attempt to stimulate your genitals. You have one second."

She shoved her hand into her underwear and began feeling around. Though she expected to feel nothing, the act of feeling nothing was far more disturbing than she could believe.

"I feel nothing Mistress" she replied with eyes still wide in alarm at the power of this chip.

"Next, feeling will be removed from your breasts. Use your hands to attempt to stimulate. You have one second."

She gasped again at the loss of feeling in such a specific region. The results were the same. She indeed felt nothing when her hands moved over those areas.

"You will now lose your all feeling across your entire body. Report immediately whether you feel any sensations."

Almost involuntarily she attempted to cry out in horror as her entire body went numb from head to foot as her eyes wildly searched over her motionless body. The scream didn't come though.

"Slave" Domina said in a reprimanding tone. "You have earned punishment points for attempting to scream and will continue to gain more every second until you stop."

She clenched her eyes shut and began taking deep breaths while repeating in her head, 'This isn't happening, this isn't happening.' She was paralyzed. The thought of being paralyzed had terrified her ever since a fall she took playing basketball in her junior year of high school. When it happened, she thought that she had broken her neck but it had only been a strain and left a bad bruise. Now she really was paralyzed. Feeling frantic, unsolicited thoughts came into her already terrified mind. Nobody knew where she was, they could do anything they wanted to her, even leave her like this. She was utterly powerless.

A slight tingle in her throat let her know that her voice had come back. She opened her eyes and strained to see the rest of her body, but it was no use. Her neck muscles were frozen so she couldn't lift her head.

"Answer the question Slave."

"What? Question?" Her voice sounded flat and erratic which was likely because she couldn't feel her own vocal cords or tongue placement.

"Additional punishment points have been accumulated due to failure to answer. Do you feel anything?"

"I feel nothing Mistress" she reported as best as she could. Just as she finished saying that her world went dark. It was such a perfect darkness that she knew it wasn't just that the lights had been turned off.

"Your sight has been disabled. Report."

"Yes, Mistress! I can't see anything."

"Next your hearing will be disabled. The torment cycle will continue until you hit level 5 in all areas."

At that, the room which she thought had been totally silent before fell into a silence that seemed impossible.

After a disorienting few moments, she was able to refocus her mind and assess the situation which she determined to be total sensory deprivation. Based on what she knew about sensory deprivation, the passage of time would seem much longer than it actually was and it wouldn't be long before hallucinations began. The only plan she could device was to keep her mind occupied and the first topic that she thought of was the Domina system.

She wished that she had read more about it before, but what she knew was almost all word of mouth and sensational news reports. Somewhere she had heard that nearly 1% of all people had a Domina chip or a similar chip in their head and in some nations and areas it was starting to become more common for the chip to be implanted after marriage to ensure fidelity between the couple. But there were also many people who used it outside of marriage for a variety of reasons. It made true cybersex entirely possible, it allowed a single person to be in a 'sexual relationship' with Domina, and for the more depraved, it was a way to either have power over someone or to allow another to have power over them. In the US it was legal to have one implanted at the age of 18, so when someone at Berkeley talked about having one she had no reason to doubt them. The taboo of talking about them had worn off a couple years ago and many now wondered and often feared that one day they would be the norm.

As Sarah sat in a hellish isolation she wondered what the mindset of someone had to be to want to be controlled by something like this. The thought of giving another person the ability to paralyze her and take away her voice was terrifying all on its own. She imagined that most people probably used it for pleasure though, rather than to be abused like she was. The idea of having an orgasm on command probably had a nice ring to it for most people. Even her, she bashfully admitted to herself. Having 'sex' every night with a different online partner had to be a draw to it as well. Then she remembered how it felt when she was being psychologically dominated by a stranger and forced to masturbate. Despite her not wanting it to be, it had felt amazing at times. Had the situation been a safer one maybe she would have become addicted to being forced into submission. 'And Domina was in that position', came the unbidden thought. And she was under the control of her right now. Just thinking about it caused something to stir in her but without being able to feel the physical feedback loop the feeling dissipated. 'No, she's an AI. She isn't a woman and she isn't human. But, as it turned out, neither was the blackmailer.'

Hours seemed to pass though Sarah kept trying to convince herself that it must have just been a few minutes so far. It had begun to aggravate her that there was no way to track time and also no way to know how much longer she was going to be kept like this. According to Domina, it would last until she met level 5, but what the heck was level 5?! 5 minutes? 5 hours? No, she knew it was being based on some other scale. A scale of misery in her mind or something to that effect. Maybe level 5 frustration? She had to have met that by now!

She found it strange that the expected hallucinations hadn't begun. Under normal sensory deprivation she had read it could begin within a few minutes. Somewhere at the edge of her mind she felt like they were about to being, but then that feeling went away. Could Domina be preventing them?

More time passed and the lack of stimulation was starting to drive her insane. She could feel the madness beginning to set in. Her absent arms and legs would be thrashing now if she could move them. Obscenities would be getting barked out and demands made to set her free. Still, her rational mind clung on trying to calm these thoughts.

Then, to her infinite surprise, she felt something like the tip of a finger nail gently rake across the bare skin of her belly. This sent her through the roof both out of sudden fear as well as to the sensation of being tickled.

'No, no, no', she said in her mind knowing exactly where this was going. She detested being tickled! One of the dumbest mistakes anyone had ever made against her while wrestling was attempting to tickle her when she was nearly pinned. Instead of weakening her into a worse position, it had sent her into a momentary blind rage that caused her to lashed out in total disregard for her the pain she felt and break free of the hold. She was ultimately disqualified from the fight for the right hook she landed afterward but there were zero regrets for having done so.

A gentle touch kissed the soft flesh on the right side of her abdomen followed by another on the left. She struggled desperately to move but other than the brief feeling of the tips of the fingernails there was nothing. She was still hopelessly immobilized and could do nothing against the assault.

Multiple nails swept across the skin of her inner thighs in a wavy motion. She wanted to scream in laughter and even more so wished that a sexual thought and feeling would rise up to give her at least some gratification from what had just happened, but somehow she felt like those thoughts were being clamped down.

Now the touches came more rapidly. They drew lines from under her arm pits all the way down to her hip. They pressed gently into the muscles of her abdomen and felt around until locating her belly button. They circled around her neck finding all the right (or wrong) places that drove her wild. And as if saving the best for last, they began working on her feet and between her toes causing her to desperately cry out in her head, "Override, override, override..." repeatedly though she knew it was of no use. As a crescendo, the pair of hands became many and for what seemed like an eternity she writhed under the sort of torment that she wouldn't have wished upon her worst enemy.

It didn't end all at once like she had hoped. Instead, it wound down in the reverse order that it had happened in which was a unique torment on its own. She was able to remember much of how it had happened and now had to face the anticipation of knowing where the touches would land and enduring this over and over all the way back to the initial touch to her stomach. All that time she had spent begging and pleading with the Domina for any amount of mercy but none had been granted. It had been the single worst experience of her life which said a lot given all that she had been through recently.

Apparently, it wasn't over though. She was left in complete darkness for another indeterminant amount of time before feeling a finger sliding along her inner thigh. This time it didn't tickle and the sexual thoughts she had been denied earlier now flooded into her head as if amplified. Whether it was Domina doing this or her increased sensitivity to touch due to the extended deprivation she wasn't sure.

'The pleasure', she whispered in her mind. The torment and punishment had been the total sensory deprivation and the tickling and now they were on to pleasure. She had survived the tutorial!

She attempted to spread her legs and invite the scouting fingers in but she still couldn't feel herself move.

The fingers continued tracing paths in an act of wonderful foreplay, playfully feigning that they were moving in before retreating back. The amount of arousal she felt seemed to double with every touch helping to make her forget the fear she had felt only moments ago.

'You're naughty Domina, so naughty', she chastised. 'Don't play coy with me, I know what you want.'

Her mind made an easy transition from Domina the insanely evil tickling AI to Domina the sexy woman who was toying with her right now. Now she understood what all the fuss was about.

'Oh my god Domina, stop teasing me.' Even as she thought the words a cold realization crossed her mind. This wasn't the pleasure portion of the tutorial, was it?

The fingers were soon joined by a pair of soft lips and a warm tongue which all worked in tandem to caress and excite her to great effect. Desperation began to take hold and she attempted everything she could to move, to trigger more pleasure, or to pled with Domina, but nothing worked.

After working her over for several minutes Sarah felt Domina's head move away from her nether regions and up her body towards her face.

"I know what you want" whispered a voice into her ear followed by a soft breath that tickled her senses. "Tell me how bad you want it. What is your dirty mind wishing would happen next Sarah?"

'Fuck you', she thought back in response.

The voice responded with a gentle, breathy laugh that felt so good to feel and hear. Any sound or touch was so insanely welcome that she couldn't convince herself not to desperately want more no matter how maniacal it was.

She sensed the presence of the woman moving away from her ear and then felt a drape of long, sexy hair skim along her exposed breasts and move up towards her neckline.

"Do you know my voice" the woman asked speaking in a louder tone. The recognition took a moment, but then it hit.

'Hannah', she admitted and felt the urge to both vomit and to lunge forward and kiss her sweet lips.

A warm pair of large breasts engulfed her smaller ones and she could feel the heat of Hannah's lips creeping ever closer to hers. The fingers between her legs continued unabated and her damn legs still refused to spread wide.

"We could spend eternity like this, you and I. Yep, I could get my revenge on you one little touch at a time." As she said the word 'touch' she gently brushed up against Sarah's clitoris causing a brief moment of levity. "Am I driving you mad" she asked through a wide smile that was so wicked yet so innocent.

'Hannah, oh my god, touch me again', she begged. 'I don't care if this isn't real. I've wanted you all these years. I'm sorry for what I did. God, I'm so, so sorry.' She panted as Hannah did touch her again but only for a fraction of a second. 'Hannah, please! Yes, this is driving me mad! Seriously, I'm not joking, I really need you to stop the teasing. I feel like I'm going to explode if you don't stop teasing me.'

As the relentless teasing continued, Sarah's rational mind became relegated to being a witness to the insanity that was now taking firm control. Domina saw this and determined that level 5 had been achieved.

-----------

Sarah slowly awoke as if from a dream and couldn't remember where she was. The room looked unfamiliar. She wasn't in her dorm, or at home. Where was she?

"Congratulation Slave, you have completed level 5 torment training. Time elapsed is 13 minutes and 42 seconds. You will be given five minutes before your punishment training begins."

She sat up looking around frantically as her memories flooded back. Yes, the blackmail, Benny, and... Domina. She had been paralyzed and tortured.

"Oh my god" she said before releasing a short squeal as she recalled the horrors of what she had just been through. Then she slapped both hands over her mouth and squelched the sound remembering that she had been given punishment points for the last one. Her eyes rapidly looked at all the cameras staring down at her and she waited silently to see if Domina would scold her, but no reproach came. She concluded that she was alone, no longer under Domina's gaze for the next five minutes. She released her mouth and grabbed her hair on both sides of her head and screamed as loud as she could. She slid off the bed, fell to her knees, placed her head on the ground, and screamed again and again. When her throat began to hurt from the strain she cried out, "Kenshin!"

"Master..." he said sympathetically.

Whimpering she cried, "Oh my love, my love. What are we going to do?! What are we going to do?!"

-----------

"Slave, are you prepared for the punishment phase of training?"

Sarah was silent for a moment. She was laying on her side on the bed, hugging two white pillows.

"Yes Mistress" she said barely above a whisper.

"Slave!" screamed the speaker system startling her. "I don't think you'll speak to me with such disrespect once you understand how punishment works. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress" she proclaimed.

"It begins now."

Immediately she felt something similar to a punch in the gut and a swirling of intense sensations in her loins. At first, she thought it was pain as that is what she had been expecting. After a moment she recognized that what she was feeling was a powerful desire for an orgasm that promised to be so intense and was so close that the absence of it felt almost the same as pain. She tried to cry out but felt her voice cut off by Domina.
