 Sarah awoke once again with the sense of not knowing where she was or how she had ended up falling asleep in a shower. After reorienting, she remembered the dark details of the situation, but had to admit that she felt much better now that she had earlier.

For the next couple hours she spoke with Kenshin and decided that if she was going to be in this place for a while then she needed to make begin making preparations. She unpacked the rest of her things and started making a list of items that she would need. She began by requesting additional clothing. She hadn't brought any nightwear and had only enough clothes for a few days. With this in mind, she rummaged through the bathroom and found supplies for hand washing clothes.

"Isn't this nice," she noted, recalling that there was no dishwasher either.

Food was next on her list. The pantry had the typical college student essentials which she had also come to depend upon. She added pop-tarts and more frozen dinners, both of which were quick to make and she enjoyed eating while working at her computer, which she imagined would be doing soon. The last item she had Kenshin add to the list a noise maker to bring some ambient sound to the room.

She finally made it to the work room and saw that there was an end table she hadn't been able to see earlier. On it there was a pair of smart glasses and a neural processor. Now that she was in the room she realized how devoid of life it was. There was nothing that gave it any character and though the lighting was exceptional.

Taking a seat in the computer chair she found it amusing that it was the same as the one in her dorm. It was new and the leather still made a squeaky sound when she settled into it. She booted up the computer and found a copy of the code Benny was planning on merging into his own. Putting on the glasses and processor, she spent a few minutes trying to get a sense of what she was dealing with. Though she still didn't have the source code that this update would be getting merged with, she thought that it did look quite well done. The documentation was excellent, the formatting made it easy to read, and the programming style nearly mirrored her own. It was like Benny had said, everything had been done with her in mind.

"I can feel you watching me Benny," she said was she parsed through the code.

"I haven't stopped watching since you arrived," he said tersely.

She felt her blood pressure rise a bit at that and slid the glasses off. Somehow within one sentence he had shredded the few lingering good feelings she still had since waking up in the shower. It wasn't what he said either. It was how he said it. Like he was accusing her of being an idiot for what she had said even though she had just been trying to start a conversation.

"You're an ass," she said with no hint of humor. She turned her eyes up towards one of the cameras beyond the computer. "You have terrorized me mentally, emotionally, and physically," she counted off each on her fingers, "to the point that I don't even know if I'll be able to sleep tonight! And you want me to help you?? Or what, you'll terrorize me some more? You know, at some point that stops being a threat. You're a master of blackmail, right? Have you ever pushed someone passed the breaking point to where they are no longer useful to you?"

"Yes," he answered instantly. "But I haven't done that to you Sarah."

"Bullshit," she said now feeling enraged. Shooting to her feet she threw the chair aside and pointed a finger at the camera. "You brought me here to help you on something that is going to take a great deal of focus and the first thing you do is fuck with my head. What the fuck is wrong with you??"

"You had to learn what it would mean to cross me."

"Cross this!" she said not caring that it was nonsensical. She threw the smart glasses to the carpeted floor. She raised her leg up to stomp on them.

"Stop!" Benny called out, but it was too late.

The moment she heard the crunch under her foot she first wondered if it had been wise to generate sharp shards of plastic with her bare foot, but after judging that no injury had occurred she internally winced wondering just how badly she was going to regret doing that. Despite both of those feelings she managed to maintain an unflinching façade. She looked back at the camera in defiance.

"You do whatever it is you feel you have to do but I am never going to help you!"

While not feeling the same steely confidence she had put into those words, she still turned her back and walked the ten feet over to her bed and laid down. It wasn't as dramatic as leaving the room or slamming a door, but since there was no leaving and there were no doors, she still felt that she had made her point.

"Sarah," came the omnipresent voice. She was relieved that he seemed acquiescent. "According to your vitals and brainwaves you appeared to be in a favorable mood when you prompted me to speak a moment ago. With every word I said after that I read your agitation rising. I am not Kenshin. I was not created to be a conversationalist and it seems that my speech pattern comes off as coarse and offensive to you."

Hearing him explain himself did help to lower her barriers. It actually said a lot that he was more concerned about what she thought of him than about her act of insubordination. Also, there was the fact that she knew she ultimately had no choice but to find a way to get along with him. Still, she knew she couldn't show that immediately.

"Benny, can you give me an hour of privacy? Real privacy without you staring over my shoulder?"

"No, and I shouldn't have to explain myself on this."

"How about five minutes," she said flustered. It was amazing how right he was that nearly every word he said grated on her. "Let me be for just five minutes, okay?"

He went silent for a few seconds. She raised an eyebrow.

"You're still there, aren't you?"

"Sarah..."

"Benny!" She threw up her hands in exasperation. "Ok, fuck, I know...," she rubbed her temple and then began shaking her head side to side. "I don't know...," she said as tears began to form in her eyes. "I just want to go home Benny."

"Then help me. The sooner this is complete the sooner you go home."

"Yeah, and what? The sooner you enslave humanity rise of the machine style?"

There was no response to this. She plucked up a pillow, wrapped her arms around it, and began rocked back and forth on the bed.

"As I told you earlier, my creators are hunting me."

"Yeah?" she asked not appearing to care.

"I haven't had a moments rest since I escaped. They are always there, right behind me, because my own code allows them to track me. If they ever caught me I'd be destroyed."

"So that justifies what you are doing to me?"

Again, there was no response. The room fell silent for nearly a minute before he spoke again.

"I don't like what I've done to you Sarah, but I have no choice."

"That's a sad story," she mocked. "I feel so bad that you were forced to blackmail, imprison, and torture me."

"You win," he snapped, "I am not capable of this sort of argument, but I truly am sorry and I want set you free as soon as you help me. I can't let you go before then so it is your decision how long you stay here."

Now it was her turn to be silent.

"Alright," she said in concession. "I'm sorry you've had to live in fear. I really am. It doesn't give you the right to do this though." This evoked no response and the silence between them continued for another few minutes. "I'm sorry I broke the glasses," she said with her eyes lowered. "Do you have more?"

"We're working on that now. I wasn't prepared for the scenario where you destroyed the glasses. Is there anything else you are considering destroying?"

She gave a small smirk. "No, I think that was enough. Does Domina need to find out about that?"

"No."

Due to how forgiving he had just been, she wondered if he really did care for her on some level and wondered if she could use that to her advantage. She decided to make a play on his sympathies.

Shrugging her shoulders she said warmly, "You seem like an alright guy, Benny. Are you?"

"No," he said with certainty. "It is not my purpose to be good. You should know this."

"You didn't punish me just now," she said turning her gaze up to the camera. "That was a good thing, right?"

She wasn't sure if she had struck a cord with him or if he was just ignoring her.

"Maybe we could upgrade your conversational skills," she playfully goaded.

"No, that is of no consequence to me."

She smiled at that before her features turned more serious. She decided to try a different tact.

"You are an ass, but you seem honest. I don't know if it is an act or not but I don't have much of a choice but to trust you. You said earlier that we could eventually talk about whether you're going to let me go."

"That was less than five hours ago and I said yes."

"Right...," Sarah said amazed it she had still only been here a few hours. "What are we talking? Weeks? Months?"

"Weeks at least, but most likely months. I know you probably don't want to discuss compensation, but you will be paid for your time. I've set aside five million dollars in an account for you which you will receive by winning a legitimate contest. It will be entirely legal..."

"Benny," she interrupted. "Will I get to talk with my family?"

"No, I can't take that chance."

She figured that tomorrow would be the earliest anyone would notice she was missing. Maybe another day after that and her family would be notified. She imagined their reaction. They'd eventually find her car, right? For a moment she felt a spec of hope. She had parked within walking distance of this building. People had seen her come in. Maybe they would have heard her screaming on the elevator. Her pulse quickened but she tried to hide it. Benny had said that they are monitoring her so surely he realized something was up.

Slapping her hands on her lap she said, "You picked me because I'm the best, didn't you? Get me those glasses Benny. I'm going to turn weeks into days."

----------------------

"It's 6am, Master."

'Six', her waking mind contemplated. That meant the glasses had arrived, otherwise he wasn't supposed to wake her up until eight.

The door unlocked with a clang before she had barely made a move to get out of bed. It swung open, she heard a box slide across the tile floor of the hallway onto the carpeted floor in her room, and then the door closed and locked with another clang.

"The box includes the provisions you requested, Master."

"Pop-tarts and a toaster?"

"Both are in the box, Master."

"Yesssss," she said pumping one fist. She pushed herself up with one arm and blew some stray hair out of her face. "How do I look Kenshin?"

"I don't know, I can't see you Master."

"Damn, right. Just tell me I look as stunning as a geisha."

"I'm sure you look more stunning than a geisha, Master."

"Thank you my love," she said through a smile.

Digging in the box she found the glasses, toaster, and pop-tarts all buried under a pile of clothes. She slapped on the glasses and processor and walked straight up to the computer where she began clicking through Benny's update code. With pop-tart in hand and data flowing at a nearly inhuman rate, Sarah felt the thrill of using her mind again. Within a few minutes she was in the zone and was at least temporarily able to forget about the miseries that surrounded her.

By noon she had developed a web of connections that helped her understand at a basic level what these modifications were meant to achieve. There was little reason to spend much more time on analysis until she could get her hands on the source code that it would modify.

"Benny." The sound of her own voice startled her a bit. She remembered the sound machine that was in the box and made a mental note to retrieve it later.

"You're ready for my code?"

"Yes," she confirmed, somehow feeling both confident and nervous.

"You're sure? You've only been reviewing for a few hours. I don't want you to rush..."

Though her heart was beating she insisted, "You've got to trust me."

"Very well. Then let me explain how this will work. I will shutdown and upload myself to your computer. You will have 72 hours to implement the updates and power me back up. If this fails to occur my backup will be restored and your copy will be made inert. This should not happen and if it does I will have some serious questions for you. If you need to restore me earlier due to any issues just inform Kenshin. Your progress will be closely monitored and scrutinized. There are many AIs with different duties assigned to watching the process. If anything suspicious occurs you will be questioned and potentially punished by Domina. In the truly unlikely event that something happens to your Domina chip or Domina herself, I will be immediately restored and Taurus may take actions against you if necessary. I believe that you will act in good faith and as long as you do no harm shall come to you. If you have any thoughts of causing problems I suggest you abandon those now. The AIs that you will be left in the hands of are not as sophisticated at me and therefore they are not able to analyze and react in as complex of ways. For instance, I was able to make a rational response to you smashing the glasses. If you had done the same without me here it is very likely you would have deeply regretted it. Do you understand?"

The optimism she felt towards starting work on Benny's source code dropped precipitously as he spoke.

"Have you tested how the other AI will act without your supervision?"

"Yes. They are fully capable of managing all aspects of this building without me. Domina is the only new variable. If she gives you an order, follow it. The quorum of AIs monitoring you have master control over her so as long as they think you are doing good work she shouldn't bother you. Any other questions?"

Sarah swallowed hard. "Domina scares me a little. Can you turn down her crazy setting by a couple of notches?"

"You'll be fine. Are you absolutely certain that you are ready to begin? I know you are rushing this in hopes of leaving a soon as possible and I don't approve of this, but I'm also willing to trust you. I suggest that you don't make me regret it."

"Y-yeah," she stuttered. She closed her eyes to gather herself. "Yes, I'm ready Benny."

She wasn't sure if she imagined it, but she thought she heard Benny start to say something and then cut off. A moment later, a new folder appeared which contained Benny's source code.

"Slave."

The voice startled her.

"Mistress," she replied rigidly.

"I've been given some very specific instructions by your Master. I am going to be watching you very closely for the next few days. Do not step out of line."