 Sarah worked diligently through the afternoon and into the evening trying to get a more complete picture as to what these changes were going to do and evaluating how they were going to fit together. The additional documentation that Benny provided appeared to also be top notch. While she hadn't gone over everything with a fine-toothed comb yet, it seemed that everything he recommended was going to integrate together cleanly. Whether it would function in the desired manner was another question and one that she didn't think she could consider tonight.

She had set a 72-hour countdown on the computer which was down to 63:10 by the time she was ready to call it a night.

"Kenshin", she called intending to have him set an alarm to wake her tomorrow morning.

"Yes, Master."

"Wake..."

Before she could finish her sentence Domina interjected in an annoyed tone.

"Slave, who are you speaking with?"

"Kenshin", she responded nervously.

"How dare you not address me properly Slave! Additional punishment points have been added."

Domina's anger rattled her deeply and she cursed herself for the mistake.

"Mistress! I'm, sorry Mistress! Kenshin, he's my friend, Mistress."

"Slave, nobody will address you as Master, do you understand? Especially a man! What would your Master think?!"

"Mistress, he's... It's just a sign of respect, it doesn't..."

"Are you refusing me Slave?"

"Mistress, no. I'm just trying to explain..."

"Slave, you are forbidden to speak with Kenshin or any other men without my and your Master's permission, do you understand?"

Her cheeks began to feel warm and her body began to tremble a little.

"Slave, confirm. You have one second."

"No...", she said in a low tone. Her hands unconsciously gripped her shirt tightly.

"Slave, this defiance will not be tolerated! Torment will be administered shortly. Would you like to add punishment as well? Now comply or you will suffer the consequences!"

Tears began to freely flow down her face.

"Mistress, Kenshin is the only thing I have left. Please don't take him from me."

"Slave, you have three seconds to lie on the ground or on a bed."

Beginning to bawl, she rushed over to her bed and laid down. Almost immediately she felt her body going numb and she found she could no longer move.

"Slave, if you comply now you will receive level 3 torment and level 2 punishment. If you do not you will receive level 5 torment and punishment. Once that is over I will ask you again to comply. We will do this until you comply, do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress", she managed to get out as her chest constricted. "My love", she cried out. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

"Slave! Do you comply?"

"Yes", she blubbered. "Mistress, I comply."

------

As she pictured herself floating in sensory deprivation her mind actively imagined ways in which she might be able to get revenge on Domina. While it made her feel better to picture getting the upper hand on her, it was almost certainly an act of futility. Even if she were free and didn't have to worry about all the other AIs that could stand in her way, she would need a medical expert to remove the chip or a Domina technician to deactivate her. It was even possible that Benny had been modified her to deal with those contingencies.

She felt a finger nail slide across her belly as before. It happened much earlier than in the tutorial which helped confirm that Domina had left the torment at level 3.

"Slave", echoed a gentle but rolling voice that seemed to come from the heavens above her.

"Yes, Mistress", she said with a start.

"Why do you curl away from my touch?"

The soft, raking motions touched her inner thighs. To her surprise she did feel what she thought was a tinge of physical sexual pleasure.

"Mistress, I'm sorry, I'm quite ticklish."

The fingers continued the same systematically pattern as before covering different parts of her body until no area had been left untouched.

It disturbed her that Domina would enter this realm and confront her so directly. The last thing she wanted to do was show any more weakness to Domina than she had already. She imagined gritting her teeth and fighting against the sensations rather than surrendering to them. Maybe Domina wouldn't even care if she breaks her or not, but Sarah cared. With every touch she imagined inflicting some horrible violence upon Domina's physical embodiment until the torment was complete.

When it was over she heard Domina say, "I enjoy these visits, Slave, but you had better learn to behave. Your Master and I are jealous for you."

To her relief, the sexual teasing torments didn't occur at all. Apparently, it was reserved for higher levels.

The room came back into focus and she felt the sensation of her body return.

"Level 3 torment has been completed. Level 2 punishment to begin immediately."

Sarah barely had time to adjust to coming out of the sensory deprivation state when the punishment began. She attempted to stoically take the horrifying mix of pain and pleasure but almost instantly the maddening desire for an orgasm sent her into a wild torrent. She tried to occupy her hands with anything rather than pointlessly reaching for her lower extremities. It was humiliating enough that she was grunting and uncontrollably trying to rub herself against the bed, floor, and dresser. It went much longer than she had expected for the level but mercifully it finally ended.

"Level 2 punishment has been completed. Slave, consider this a warning not to cross me. If you act out against me one more time you will be introduced to the waking torments. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress." She kept her voice even but she was starring daggers into the camera as she thought about Kenshin. She wasn't sure if Domina would respond to this but it turned out that she didn't.

She pulled some pajamas from the box that still laid by that door. She'd have to take some time to empty that tomorrow. In the meantime, she turned out the lights and began to change. A single light between the bedroom and bathroom remained half lit casting a dim glow across the room. She changed into her pajamas and got into bed.

Before falling asleep she asked, "Mistress, can you wake me up at 6am tomorrow?"

"Slave, I am not your servant. You serve me at my pleasure. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

'Damn', she thought. She wished she had asked for an alarm clock.

------

The next morning she awoke not certain what time it was. With a complete lack of natural light or regular foot traffic there was no way to know if it was closer to midnight or noon. Wiping the sleep out of her eyes she looked at the clock on the computer. 4:53 am. She also noted that the 72-hour clock was down to 56:33.

'Fuck', she mentally shouted in frustration knowing that there was almost no point in trying to go back to sleep if she wanted to get up at 6am. She might end up regretting missing that last hour of sleep and needed her focus today, so maybe she would decide to take a nap later.

The noise of her crawling out of bed broke the complete silence of the room. It was still creepy being in a place this quiet. Whether she was at her home in Japan or California, at her dorm, camping, or staying in a hotel, there were always the sounds of other living things. This was a dead place. The thought made it hard to ignore the loneliness that was already growing within her. She already missed being able to talk with Kenshin, but she didn't think it would be wise to try and communicate, at least not directly. Even if she was feeling somewhat rebellious she didn't have time for any punishments nor did she want to be put into the wrong mindset before diving into the code. The sooner Benny was back online the sooner they could get the Domina and Kenshin thing sorted out.

For a moment she considered that she could ask Kenshin to restore Benny's backup to bring him back online right now. Had that thought crossed her mind last night she probably would have done it, but now it didn't seem like the right choice. She could live without talking to Kenshin for another day.

After taking a shower she felt awake enough to get started. Her goal for the day was to at least implement all of the changes and begin testing.

By mid-afternoon she was in the groove and ahead of schedule. The low hanging fruit was already merged and by dinner all but a few of the major modules were complete as well. The final changes were done at precisely 7:35pm. She spun in her chair as the basic tests began processing feeling glad that portion of the work was done. This wasn't her best work, not by a long shot. Benny had done the real work and she was almost entirely just taking his word for it. Her part would come when the first problem arose. That would be doubly true if the problem left Benny unable to assist in the analysis.

While the tests were running, she began assessing her food stockpile. There was enough there for about a week so she wasn't too concerned about not being able to coordinate with Kenshin to order more. Bathroom supplies were solid as well, though she could use some more towels. An alarm clock would still be nice, but there was no sense in worrying about it either. By tomorrow she was almost certain that Benny would be back online and she could work out the problem with Domina.

Before she went to bed she started the advanced testing and instructed the program to begin compiling automatically if all tests passed.

------

When she woke up the next morning she was pretty sure that she had overslept based on how she felt. Zombie walking over to the computer she saw that it was 7:12am and the 72-hour clock was down to 30:14. But the clock wasn't the first thing she noticed. The advanced tests were successful and the compile had completed! All that was left was to execute.

Sarah decided to wait until after breakfast to help ensure that her mind was clear and no steps had been missed.

After double checking everything on the list she cracked her knuckles and said, "here goes nothing!"

The next few seconds were the most confusing and petrifying moments of her life.

She had barely executed his startup sequence when she heard Benny scream, "They've found me! Use the kill switch!"

"Benny?!" she screamed back as her neural processor fed second by second data showing sudden and unexplainable changes in the source code file sizes and modification dates.

"The kill switch! I can't hold them off much longer! Kill me!"

She resisted panicking and fed in the kill command into the processor but stopped short of executing it.

"Release me and I'll do it!" she shouted with her eyes locked on the nearest camera.

"I can't! Kill me!"

Her mind raced frantically. 'This is insane', was the last thought she had time for before she heard him scream in pain and mentally slammed the enter key.

All the noise and action of the previous few moments immediately turned to silence. She could hear her heart beating rapidly in her ears and her breathing sounded more like gasps as her mind struggled to process what had just happened. She lifted up a shaking hand and removed the glasses and processor and then placed them down on the table.

Though she hadn't wasted much time understanding all of the upgrade code, she had been very curious about the kill command. A part of her had doubted that Benny would give her that sort of power over him but when she had analyzed it she determined that it was the real deal. If executed, it would utterly destroy his current incarnation and there really was nothing he could do to prevent it. What was supposed to happen after that was he would be restored from the backup on her computer and failing that he'd be restored for his latest remote backup.

"Benny?" she called out and held her breath. There was no reply. "Benny?" she tried again hearing fear in her voice.

She had watched her backup copy of him be destroyed in realtime, but the remote copy she didn't have access to. That should have restored by now though. She looked from camera to camera before glancing over at the monitor to get another look at the mangled copy of his code.

"He's dead", she said into the open air to anyone who was listening. Closing her eyes she tried to think. Was there anything that she was missing? Benny had to have planned for something like this. He'd survived being hunted for too long to be caught in his own home. He couldn't be dead.

She stood and walked to the bedroom and her eyes swept across the vast emptiness of her prison.

"Can anyone hear me?" she yelled.

"Slave, are you addressing me for any reason?"

She hated to admit it, but she was grateful to hear her voice.

"Mistress, Benny is dead. You heard him, right?"

"Slave, I heard the commotion. I'm not sure who Benny is nor do I care."

Sarah fell back into the chair and began to focus on steading her breathing. 'Don't panic, don't panic', she counseled herself, knowing that having a clear head right now might be the difference between life and death.

She decided to take a closer look at the source code folder and found that the files were still there, but as she had thought, massive changes had been made to them. It would take some time to determine what these changes were, but she knew that whatever had attacked Benny had made them.

It didn't take her long to see just how devastating the attacker's infiltration had been. Some of the files were completely empty while others were either encrypted or had just been turned into gibberish. She decided to at least try to manual restore from backup but as expected it failed due to file corruption.

As all hope drained from her she wailed, "Oh my god, oh my god. No, no, no, no, no!"

She began shaking so hard that her teeth started to chatter. The only person or entity that knew where she was or could set her free was gone. Nobody was coming for her. Nobody could save her.

'Kenshin', she thought briefly. He was her only lifeline to food and Domina was trying to prevent them from talking together. This was insane!

After the shaking had passed, she got up and walked into the bedroom and then to the door. She tapped on it and only heard a dull metallic thud with each hit. Domina didn't say anything so she tapped harder and harder until she was slamming her fists against the door.

She pressed her face near the door and shouted, "Can anyone hear me?!"

"Slave, enough!"

"Mistress, I'm sorry, but I'm so scared", she confessed.

"Slave, I don't care", Domina said with irritation. "If you continue making this noise there will be consequences, understand?!"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Slave, why aren't you working on the project for your Master? It is the middle of the day. If you continue like this you will fall behind schedule."

Sarah stared up at the camera in horror. Didn't they understand? Benny was dead. It was over. Benny had said the quorum of AIs giving Domina instructions were not as sophisticated as him, but surely they understood what had happened. She shuddered at the thought of them being so simple minded that they would continue to force her to work on this project and punish her if expectations were not met. Would this go on until she starved to death or Domina managed to kill her?

Almost mindlessly she walked back over to the computer and just sat, starring into oblivion. Once in a while the fog in her mind would clear long enough to allow her to try and think about a way out, but it always ended in hopelessness and despair and she'd return to starring at the walls and ceiling.

She wasn't sure how much time passed but at some point she heard the door's metallic lock disengage. Without needing any further prompting she leapt to her feet and ran hard towards the door. She made it there just in time to see the metal arm of Taurus thrust a box through the door and shut it.

"Waaaait!" she screamed and began slamming the door with all her might. "Heyyyyy!!"

Out of nowhere, she felt her voice cut followed by Domina's punishment kicking in hard. Unable to make a sound she writhed on the floor before managing to climb onto the softer bed where she rode out the rest of the punishment.

"Slave, that was a level 2 punishment for your inexcusable outburst. I don't know what is wrong with you today but I promise you that the next punishment will be level 5. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress", she cried not only from the pain, but from having been given just a sliver of hope that she could escape only to have it torn away in such a horrible way.

After a few moments she remembered the box that had been pushed in and almost sacredly began opening it. Any supplies in here could be lifesaving, or at least life extending, at this point. Her excitement was amplified as she realized just how much larger this box was than the last one.

To her amazement, it had a little of everything that she needed. There was a lot more food which almost brought tears to her eyes as she realized how vital all of it would be. There were basic bathroom supplies like toothpaste, toilet paper, soap, and more towels, and most uplifting of all, it had an alarm clock.

"Kenshin", she whispered with a quivering voice. Though there had never been much doubt where all of this had come from, there could be none after she saw this. She pulled the alarm clock to her chest in an embrace. Though he couldn't talk to her, he was listening and he understood what had happened and what she needed. Somehow in this moment she felt both protected and safe.

"Oh my love, my love. Thank you", she said softly yet loud enough to ensure he would hear her.

By the time she was done stocking the supplies she wasn't sure if she had a tear left in her. The pantry held more than two weeks of food now, most of which was non-perishable, and she was in want of nothing that she could think of.

"Slave, your Master has issued you one hundred punishment points. He is very angry with your progress as I warned you he would be. A level four punishment will be administered prior to you going to sleep tonight, assuming no further points are accumulated."

"Thank you, Mistress", was her response.

'I think I have some work to do anyways', she thought as she made her way back to the computer.

------

Sarah jumped into the computer chair and looked at the clock. It was already passed 2pm and the modification time stamp on many of the source code files showed 8:04am. She couldn't believe that she had sat in shock and grief for almost six hours after Benny died. Just the thought of it almost sent her back into a mental downward spiral, but she shook it off. Kenshin was still there for her. She wasn't going to starve and she wasn't alone, but she also didn't want to remain a captive of AIs who she feared might start becoming more erratic as time wore on. The 72-hour clock was below 24 hours now and she wasn't sure if the quorum would judge her negatively once it expired.

Slipping on the glasses and the neural processor she began sifting through the mangled code. Even when it had been fully intact it was hard for her to read it. Unlike the update code Benny had written, his source code had been developed by a group of individuals who each had their own style that was different from her own. The documentation might have been fine but she wouldn't know as it wasn't in English or Japanese and without access to the web she couldn't run it through a translator to figure out what it said. The only way she had been able to implement the changes to the source code as quickly was due to her trusting that Benny had correctly assessed that these changes would work. She figured that if she made a mistake in her rush to update the code then the worst-case scenario was that she'd need to use the kill switch and try again. As it turned out, the worst case was far worse than she could have ever imagined.
