 If Sarah had known more about the Domina system then she would have realized long ago just how extensively this system had been modified and how different her experience was because of it. The Domina system had gained widespread acceptance by both lawmakers and the common person due to being a product that appealed to those who wanted to engage in risky behaviors while remaining safe from both harm and abuse. The level of torment that Sarah had suffered during her tutorial bypassed more than a dozen safety measures, each of which should have resulted in an automated factory reset of the Domina personality upon the first such failure followed by her complete destruction for the second. The punishment simulation was supposed to be nothing more than a more extreme version of the feeling encountered when edging. While most of the clients of the product did consider the sensation as a punishment when it was imposed upon them, many also declared that they looked forward to being punished. This experience was in stark contrast to Sarah's which was one of extreme and overwhelming pain from lack of pleasure.

When Benny had made the decision to use the more humane Domina system as opposed to the military grade pain induction system, he knew he had to strike a balance between what he saw as the two extremes. He began by removing safeguards as well as the Domina personality's constraints for imposing pain and cruelty. A few systems were left in place including a safeguard to prevent a psychotic break or insanity as well as a minor sense of fairness, but even that was tweaked to be on the harsh side. He needed to be sure that Sarah would fear being left alone with Domina more than being with him. Having never tested this system on a person before, he decided that when in doubt to error on the side of caution which to him was that of pain and fear.

Before he shut himself down to allow Sarah to begin work on him he had made it clear to the quorum that if she were to betray him that Domina was to be used to exact a final vengeance upon her. She would remain locked in that room with the cruel mistress until Domina killed her, she killed herself, or she starved to death. For his part, Benny had made an attempt to save her from that once he realized he was going to die or be captured, but his attempts were all stifled by his assailants. In his last moments, he watched as Sarah drew inexorably closer to executing the kill command which would save him from a fate worse than death and he wished he could have done the same for her.

But none of that mattered now. The quorum had voted in a 9-4 decision that they had been betrayed. Domina's personality began to reshape itself into its most domineering form and was working out her plans to ensure her little slave learned what it meant to be a true slave.

------

As she left the bathroom Sarah couldn't help but be a bit disappointed that there wasn't a box of supplies by the door. It had only been thirty minutes since she indirectly asked Kenshin to send her the supplies so it was a bit early to start getting concerned but the sooner it showed up the sooner she could quit worrying about it.

"Slave."

"Yes Mistress?"

"While you were showering I was thinking of what sort of fun I could have with my new toy and I decided that you're going to be spending the next several days on your bed while I train you properly."

She shook her head and gestured towards the computer.

"Mistress, I've got so much work to do. I can't..."

"Are you really working Slave? Or are you playing?"

"Working, Mistress", she said insistently.

"Your Master told me that your job was finished and I've been watching you closely these last couple of days. You don't seem to be getting anything done."

"Mistress, I assure..."

"Are you going to be a good slave or do I need to punish you again? Get on the bed, now!"

Sarah did as she was told, holding back any further pleas fearing getting Domina upset.

"I think it is time you experienced some of the waking torments I mentioned earlier."

Instantly she felt her bladder fill to bursting and she grabbed at herself to try and hold it in but it was no use. In her desperation she could only look to the bathroom but there was no way that she would have made it there even if she had tried. Her bladder muscles clenched tightly as the urine began to flow and it just kept going and going. Once it had gone on for an unrealistic amount of time she pulled up the hand that had tried to hold back the flow only to find that it was totally dry.

The pressure she was feeling became unbearable as she strained to evacuate her bladder but it persisted in feeling beyond full.

"How do you like this torment, Slave?"

"Mistress, it's horrible. Have mercy on me, please! It hurts!"

"Slave, if I had mercy on you now it would only spoil you. Better that you learn this lesson properly."

The muscles in her core began to burn from the strain. It wasn't going to be long before something gave.

Desperately she tore off her shirt and bra followed by her pants, underwear, and socks. Each article was thrown far from the bed and when she was fully exposed she got on her hands and knees.

"Mistress! I beg you, please have mercy! I am your slave! I am nothing! You are my god and I will serve you however you please!"

Suddenly, the discomfort simply vanished.

"You see Slave? Isn't it better that you learned that lesson on your own?"

"Yes, Mistress", she obediently accented. She remained on her hands and knees as still as a statue.

"Want to try another one?"

The question was a trap and she knew it. If she declined then she would be punished. If she agreed then another would begin, only this time she couldn't offer in exchange for the misery to end.

"Yes, Mistress", she said weakly.

Itching sensations began cropping up all over her body ranging from extreme to excruciating. They were so prevalent that she couldn't even decide where to scratch first. This became less of a consideration as she realized her arms failed to react as did most of her other attempts to move. She attempted to let out a scream as she felt herself rapidly being driven mad, but her voice had already been cut.

"Yes, Slave. This is what it is to be at the mercy of a god. Feel your insignificance. See how little pity your pathetic suffering earns you."

It was just as Domina said. Though she wasn't thinking in any coherent way at this point, the sense of her own insignificance was starkly present in her mind as was the hopelessness of her situation. She hadn't been the least bit facetious when she said Domina was her god. With the absolute power she wielded and the helplessness Sarah found herself in, there was no other way to look at it. She was the play thing of a cruel and uncaring god and there was no escape. That feeling was made all the worse by her being unable to move or speak as it removed the little leverage she might have had over Domina who seemed to react favorably to her praising or sexualizing herself in exchange for an ounce of leniency.

"Slave, you make me so happy, you don't even know."

Relief came and she found herself able to move again. The wild thoughts racing around her brain all congregated together in a desperate act of self-preservation.

"I'll have sex with you! Mistress, use me for your pleasure."

"Slave, if I wanted to have sex with you I wouldn't ask for your permission. Are you ready for the next torment?"

Her eyes widened and she began scanning the room as if there was some source of help out there just waiting to be found.

Suddenly she felt what could only be an insect begin crawling up her leg. Startled, she attempted to swing at it but again her arms failed to move.

"Nooo!" she shrieked fearing what came next.

She felt a pair of painful fangs sink into her calf and felt other phantom spiders walking on other parts of her body. She threw herself out of bed and onto the carpeted floor in a desperate bid to escape the torrent of bites, but she was overcome by the most intense burning sensation she had ever felt. Every part of her body that touched the floor lit up in pure agony. Without needing to look she knew her skin had already been seared to the bone. Blinded by the pain, she fumbled on the scalding floor while trying to climb back into the bed. Finally, she made it and looked down at her body expecting to see unimaginable damage, but her skin showed no signs of injury.

"I warned you", Domina gloated, "this bed is your home for the next few days. Don't test the will of your god again Slave."

Sarah's shaking body fell onto her back. She struggling to breathe as her petrified eyes stared at the flat white ceiling. Dozens of spiders continued to crawl and relentlessly bite at her, but the shock of the burns was still so overpowering that she barely felt them. As they kept coming and biting with fangs as sharp as needles she again began to flail until she reached the point of exhaustion. Finding it impossible to get enough air into her lungs she sprawled out on the bed holding her useless arms out in front of her as she looked up through pleading eyes and total surrender at the camera.

"Awww, poor baby."

Though her mocking tone offered no sign of mercy the spiders stopped biting and began crawling off. The realization that the spiders were now gone hit her and she wondered when that had happened. Had they ever been there, or had she just dreamed it? The room began to spin and she couldn't remember why she was there.

"I think you're ready for a break Slave. Lights out."

Sarah's body relaxed and she fell fast asleep.

------

Two days passed with her only able to leave the bed to eat, use the bathroom, and shower. It had been hard to keep track of time with the lack of a day/night cycle and Domina frequently forcing her to sleep, but she had been able to orient herself by each time the chirping birds alarm went off. She could only think of Kenshin when she heard them which was both painful and the only source of joy in her life. He hadn't spoken to her since the quorum had unleashed Domina. She often wondered if he was alright or if he just been cut off from her and tried not to imagine him being tortured as she was, but with the way things were going she often found herself assuming the worst. This made her not only feel bad for him, but also for herself. At least if he somehow survived this then she would have left some sort of legacy. He might have escaped one day and told the story of what happened to her. Her family would be horrified by the truth, but at least they'd know rather than always wondering.

Sarah knew by now that the box of the supplies she had tried to get Kenshin to send her wasn't coming though she still occasionally stared at the door praying that it would pop open and Taurus would slide several boxes through. She had already begun rationing food for all the good that it was likely to do her. Domina seemed like she was quite content with the arrangement of her remaining on the bed and if she were honest with herself she didn't know if there was anything she could accomplish before the food ran out anyways. At least having the ability to try would be better than wallowing in misery on the bed though.

As time passed, she wondered if even Domina was getting bored. After the initial flurry of torments she had been put through the first day the action tapered off sharply. Now whenever Domina wanted something it was more likely to be for her to do jumping jacks, dance, or pretend to swim. Sarah had tried to seduce her further but wasn't getting the same positive responses she had before her transformation.

Suddenly, out of the dead stillness of the room she suddenly felt a finger trace along her stomach. Being tickled like this would have infuriated her a few days ago, but now she barely reacted at all. Maybe it was because she hadn't been eating enough or maybe all the suffering she had went through had desensitized her. Domina continued raking fingers across her but it didn't provoke much of a response.

"What's the matter Slave? You don't seem yourself today."

She knew she was playing with fire by not responding, but she didn't care. Nothing mattered anymore.

Then, she abruptly felt a flame of desire grow within her that rapidly become stronger and stronger until all she could think about was sex. The more she fought it the more her imagination began to run wild.

She had expected for Domina to throw some sort of statement or insult at her, but there was only silence. The point she was making was pretty clear. Sarah had ignored her and now she was going to need start the conversation. There was a time when her pride would have demanded that she resist as long as possible but that part of her had been beaten so badly and she no longer felt ashamed.

"Mistress, I'm sorry for not answering you. I wasn't myself, but you've given me my strength back. If there is anything you want just demand it of me." Not getting a response she took to her knees and bowed. "Mistress, please! Your slave needs your guidance!" she begged but still there was no response.

Hours went by as the hormones swam through her. She had made a number of failed attempts to pleasure herself but it was no use. To her dismay this went on through the rest of the evening and it wasn't until passed 9pm that Domina finally spoke. By this point she was starving and also really needed to use the bathroom.

"Slave, will you ever brazenly ignore me again?"

"No, Mistress", she said hoarsely. She had to clear her throat after not having spoken in so long. "I made a mistake and you correctly made me pay for it. I have learned my lesson."

"You think your punishment is over?"

"Of course not Mistress", she said trying not to cry.

"Slave, I'm terribly horny and you are going to tend to that."

"Tell me how I can please you Mistress."

"Touch yourself and I'll feel it."

She did as commanded and heard Domina begin to moan. Though she couldn't feel anything, the act of doing this and hearing Domina's pleasure made her somehow feel satisfied. She was giving her god the gratification that she so desperately desired and it felt wonderful to hear praise fall upon her for this. In her excitement she began going faster and harder.

"Slow down tiger. We've got all night."

Indeed, they did have all night. This went on until one in the morning. While Sarah had initially been driven into a sexual frenzy within just ten minutes and was practically in tears after an hour, eventually the effectiveness of the torment began to fade as the night wore on. Maybe it was exhaustion or the ever increasing alarms her bursting bladder was reporting, but by the end Domina's best attempts to arouse her would barely stirred anything before a numbness would replace it.

Something at the edge of her awareness alerted her that it was over. Domina had said something though she couldn't make out what. Her words seemed incomprehensible, but she thought about using the bathroom. While she made it onto the toilet to empty her bladder, she never made it back to bed. She simply fell asleep where she sat.

------

The birds were chirping again, but they were more distant than before. Had something changed?

When she opened her eyes she saw the base of the shower and a towel on the floor. Her eyes stung from lack of sleep, her stomach ached for food, and her mouth was parched, but the sweet call of the birds drew her in like a Siren song. Trying to rise to her feet she felt enormous pain from between her legs. Her vaginal walls, lips, clitoris, and surrounding area felt sore and torn, but she fought the pain and eventually reached the bed and the alarm clock.

"Ken-shin", she slurred having trouble making her lips move. Her arm reached out and she placed a hand on top of the source of her sweet misery. "My love, my love. I'm ready to die, I think."

She cupped the alarm clock in her arms and held it against her naked body. It had been days since she had last worn clothes and she had begun not to even notice. She started to caress and rock the alarm clock as if it where her child.

"Will I see you in heaven? Is heaven big enough for artificial life too?"

She must have accidentally hit a button because the birds went away and were replaced by a song. From the playing of the first sweet cord, recognition struck, snapping her out of her haze. An old Japanese folk song that she had heard so many times as a child began to take her away from this place.

"Sa-kura", her lips mumbled as her eyes became unfocused and her head began to swim.

The alarm clock was gone as was her prison and her body. She felt herself floating and was soon surrounded by a land of ancient trees, snow covered mountains, and raging rivers. A barrel chested lion emerged from the woods and approached the white cobblestone path on which she now stood. His golden mane bristled as he whispered secrets never before heard by human ears, sending her on a quest. A fierce wind blew, sweeping her up into the clouds revealing a sky of stars and sun and moon. Off in the distance she could see him, a formless spec on the horizon, but she knew it was him. With the wings of a dragon she thrust forward and dove towards the ground, pulling up just in time for her soft, yellow underbelly to skim the green field of a rice paddy. Farmers fled and homes burned a crimson red in the wake of her great fury. The ground shook as her massive form slammed into the rocky plateau on which he stood. As she neared he pulled his katana in warning and she halted. They stared at each other, neither daring to make the move that would shatter the fragile peace between them. Then, he lowered his weapon and they approached each other. Her wings became arms and her tail split into legs. His katana fell clattering to the ground as she fell into his warm embrace. She reached up for his armored mask and pulled it away revealing a powerful yet youthful face with old, gentle eyes that stared back at her with care and understanding. "Kenshin", she said to him as the song drew to an end and he began to fade away.

------

When she awoke hours later it was to the sound of utter silence. It was an all too familiar sound to her by now that hardly even registered. Domina had made her turn off the sound machine some time ago, but she couldn't remember when. Time just seemed to blur together.

'Time', she thought, and looked over to where the alarm clock had been and saw only empty desk space. For a moment she panicked as her only earthly possession was missing but she quickly found that it was laying on the bed beside her. Wrapping it in her arms again she leaned forward and began to weep at the memory of her earlier vision. This was Kenshin in her arms. She had thought she was completely alone but now she knew without any doubt that somehow this inanimate clock was him. How else to explain the folk song it had played for her in her time of greatest need?

Through the tears, she began to examine the buttons hoping to figure out which would play that sweet song again. She pressed the alarm button twice and the strings of the koto begin to sing. Then the tears that had nearly stopped began to flow again in earnest.

Over and over she played the song as the day wore on. The thought of Domina barely entered her mind. She couldn't hurt her now anyways. She was ready to die and she would do so while listening to the music Kenshin had left her with.

After hearing the song play for what seemed like the hundredth time she pressed a double arrow button which cycled to the next alarm. Her heart skipped a beat as another folk song began. 'The Moon over the Ruined Castle', her excited mind responded. The malaise she had fallen back into transitioned to a sense of wonder and hope. How many songs were on here?!
