 Sarah sat silently on the bed with the clock in her lap. It was just passed 6pm when she had woken up. She wasn't sure if Domina had made her fall asleep or if she had done so on her own. For the next two hours she just stared at the clock, thinking about the songs, and wondering if there were more. She feared that there might be and that they might bring her more horrible feelings that she wasn't mentally able to handle.

For a time, she had considered asking Domina if she could get a glass of water and some food, but the desire passed, as did any thoughts of her family and of Kenshin. It was better this way, she believed. She didn't need to harbor hopes of going back home anymore. Home was within her which was something that even Domina hadn't managed to take away. She was home now, and that is where she would stay.

"Wait", came Domina's voice from overhead.

Sarah's eyes flitted up briefly but she didn't have the energy or desire to say a word.

"What are you doing?" Domina demanded. She sounded, concerned.

Sarah perked up, wondering what this was. Some sort of trick? Silence followed for a time and her spirits sank as she realized that this was just some new game meant to provoke her somehow. There was nothing left to provoke though. She was just an empty husk waiting to be carried away by the wind.

A bang echoed in the room causing her to yip in surprise. The locks of the door had retracted and the stainless-steel hulk swung open on its hinges.

Sarah was too startled to react. She just stared in apprehension, fearing for whatever would happen next. Then she was gripped by a sense of terror she no longer thought that she could feel. She pressed her back up against the headrest of the bed and balled herself up as tightly as she could to guard against this monster.

Taurus stepped through the door, entering her room for the first time. There was no box in his hands and his eyes made his intensions clear. He was coming for her.

'This was it', she thought. He was coming to kill her because she wasn't playing their game anymore. Part of her welcomed a quick death, but the overwhelming voice in her head was screaming for her to run, to live.

Sarah noticed that she had left the clock on the opposite side of the bed in all the commotion. Against her sense of self-preservation she lunged forward and grabbed the clock as Taurus approached her. Just in time she was able to retract back away from him as he neared. She clenched her eyes shut and hugged the clock so tightly that she feared it would break.

Then, nothing happened. Taurus just stood there looking over her cowering form from a distance of several feet. The towering giant's soulless black eyes stared at her in the same menacing way as the metal molded face had before, but somehow, it seemed different.

Taurus scanned the room and she jumped at his heavy footsteps as he passed the foot of the bed and began to come around the side she was on. She dove to the other side of the bed expecting that he was just coming around for her, but when she got there she saw that he was almost to the bathroom.

Something in her mind clicked and she looked wide-eyed at the door. It was still open! The monster was fast, but now he was too far out of position to stop her!

Her animalistic will to survive took control and she leapt out of bed and raced towards the door. She heard Taurus turning and a loud stomp of his foot caused a moment of fear. The shock along with being in a weakened state caused one of her knees to buckle and sent her tumbling to the floor, banging her bare chest against the clock and sending it flying several feet away.

She looked back a Taurus who was approaching now and her mind nearly froze. She could make it to the door or make it to the clock, not both. A million thoughts went through her mind before she lunged towards the clock, towards Kenshin. She put up her arms to pointlessly protect herself from whatever blows would fall next.

Something fell over her arms and legs and she began to panic before realizing they were just clothes. She flung them away still expecting to be thrashed by metal hands at any moment, but then she paused to look at Taurus. From floor level he looked even larger and more threatening than he seemed earlier. His arms and legs were as big as tree trunks, but they sat motionless showing no sign of aggression.

Taurus turned and walked away again and she considered making another run for it, but something inside her told her to stay. She watched as he picked up her underwear and socks from different parts of the room and brought them over to hear. Her body refused to move for a time and Taurus eventually walked out of the room leaving the door open.

With no sound coming from outside she cautiously began gathering up her clothes. For a moment she was confused as to why Domina wasn't yelling at her. Where had she gone? Why wasn't she being punished for being off the bed? The moment passed though, and as she dressed herself she started to feel different. Each article of clothing she slipped on made her feel more human. At the same time she started feeling aches and pains that in her numb state of mind she hadn't noticed.

With a great deal of effort she climbed to her feet. She felt taller wearing shoes, she thought curiously.

Poking her head out the door, she saw Taurus standing expectantly near the elevator. The rest of the hallway was empty.

"Am I allowed to come out?" she asked in a mousey voice.

The creature nodded his giant head. She took two apprehensive steps forward and let out a breath as she stood in the hallway.

"Can I leave, please?" she managed to force passed her shaking lips. Her right arm was gripping her left, squeezing so tightly that it hurt.

Taurus raised a hand along with one finger in the universal gesture telling her to wait. After a moment, one of his legs moved back and he began to reach across his body with his right arm. It looked like he was taking an attack stance which her body automatically responded to by slowly walking backwards until she felt herself push up against a wall. He was going to lunge at her, she thought, but the monster didn't attack. He just stood statue still in that pose. He was... Then she understood.

"Kenshin?!" she asked in such surprise that she flinched at how loud it came out. The imposing head nodded and he exited his samurai pose. Though she believed him, it took a great deal of courage to walk towards this particular embodiment of him. Her legs carried her forward cautiously with her eyes locked on his, still not sure if this was a trick. With an outstretched, trembling hand she touched his chest before briefly pulling away and then, seeing that it was safe, she fell against him. Her legs gave way and she felt one of his massive hands clumsily catch her. She banged her cheek against something hard but quickly recovered and was able to climb to her feet. Closing her eyes, she wrapped her arms as far around the metal giant as she could, fearing that when she opened her eyes she would wake up only to realize this was all a dream.

When she finally did open her eyes she saw that they were heading back towards the room. This caused a moment of fear and she took several steps back from the doorway. He just stood and waited patiently for her. When she started to relax she coaxed herself back into the room still not understanding what he wanted, but trusting him nonetheless. Once inside he pointed to the small fridge. She looked up at him and nodded in understanding. The hunger that she had been neglecting came to life as did her thirst. Having gone at least a couple days with very little food she started off nibbling on crackers knowing that eating too fast would just make her sick.

After taking a few sips of water and bites of food she looked up at... Taurus? No, Kenshin. She pointed to a nearby camera.

"What happened to Domina?"

Kenshin pointed to the camera with one hand, made an open palm with the other, and then balled his pointing hand into a fist and slammed it against his palm. The hard crash of metal startled her but that was quickly replaced by overwhelming relief. Domina was dead. The tormenter who would have taken her life without any remorse had now suffered that fate.

Though weak, she stood and placed her arms around his cold metal body. She pressed her face into his chest and cried.

----------------------

For the next hour she slowly took in food and water and began to feel her strength return.

She wanted to ask Kenshin so many questions but she knew he couldn't speak. He would attempt to mime responses, but apparently they were both rusty on playing charades. When asked, "Can we leave?" he shook his head and just pointed to her. "Why can't you leave?" was returned with him pointing a finger upwards leaving her confused.

Another line of questions was about how he escaped. She soon wished she hadn't asked. First, he pointed to the alarm clock which left her baffled. Though she had imagined that somehow he existed within the clock, surely he couldn't have. But then came the surprise. A pair of large, white metallic spiders, each about a half foot tall, scampered through the door and she screamed. He put up a hand to calm her for all the good it did. She screamed again and ran back to the bed where she crouched defensively. When she turned back she saw that the spiders had stopped, but it took a lot of convincing before she was willing to come near them.

When she was able to finally relax Kenshin pointed between the clock and the spiders. It took her a few tries but she eventually asked, "You control the spiders with the clock?"

He waved a hand back and forth giving her the impression that she was close but not exactly correct.

"And the spiders helped you escape?"

He nodded.

When she no longer felt hungry, she stood up, fighting the pain in her muscles and joints.

"I'm not leaving you behind Kenshin", she said as he offered her an arm which she graciously accepted.

He walked them towards the elevator and she heard the soft tapping of spider's feet from just behind them. When they stood in front of the elevator he again pointed upward.

"You're up there?"

He nodded.

"Will I know how to find you when I go up there?"

He shook his head.

"Okay, are you in this building?"

A nod.

"Are you on or above the lobby?"

A shake.

"We're on 3B, right?"

A nod.

"Are you on 2B?"

A nod. A momentary joy filled her.

"How will I find you?"

He pointed to the spiders.

"Okay", she said with a sigh of relief.

The spiders suddenly went scampering off but Kenshin gestured for her to stay with him. A whirring of machinery preceded the arrival of the elevator. Sarah took a step forward but Kenshin didn't move. She stood puzzled as Kenshin encouraged her to leave him behind, but as she stepped onto the elevator she understood. He had to weigh several tons which was beyond the elevator's capacity.

Holding her hand over the door to keep it from closing she told him, "I'm coming back from you Kenshin. I won't leave you here, okay?"

Kenshin nodded. He seemed so stoic, just like his avatar.

She almost went back over to him for another hug, but she knew they both wanted out of this place as quickly as possible, so she let the door close.

A confused expression crossed her face as she looked at the panel. There was no button for 2B, or even 3B for that matter. Maybe there had been before but it had been removed? There was only 1B and Lobby above that.

"How do I...", she began to ask but before she could finish her question the Lobby button lit up and the elevator began to accelerate upward. Her hand grabbed a siderail to steady her knees as she was lifted towards freedom.

----------------------

When she reached the dimly lit lobby, her legs carried her out of the elevator seemingly of their own accord. She wasn't sure why Kenshin had sent her here instead of to 2B. What was she supposed to do? When the elevator doors closed, she looked back and scratched her head.

One thing that she noticed right away was that there was noise. Not a specific noise, just regular atmospheric noise. Maybe some of it came from air moving through a vent, a fan running, or water flowing through a nearby pipe. She thought she detected a hum as well but there were no florescent lights around so she wasn't sure if she was just imagining it. Straight out ahead of her she looked through the darkened waiting area, out the windows, passed the closed gates, and could see all the way to a lamp post across the street. She didn't know exactly what time it was but it was night outside.

"Hey", came an authoritative male voice that echoed in the spacious room causing her to jump. "What are you doing here?! Keep your hands where I can see them!"

She turned towards the man who was cautiously heading her way. This was the first human she had seen or heard since she came here. She thought she should feel something like relief or maybe get emotional now that it was really over, but she still felt nothing.

Lifting her hands to head level she passively waited for him. The man approaching her held a flashlight in one hand and possibly a baton or gun in the other, but it was difficult to see because of the light in her eyes.

When he was only a few feet away he asked, "How'd you get in here? The building's closed."

"I was being held here against my will", she explained calmly.

"Come again?"

"I came from the basement. There are floors down there below where the elevator can go. I was being held prisoner on one and I just escaped, but my friend is still down there."

"Jesus", the guard said as he looked at her face. There were several old cuts and one of her cheeks was darkened from a forming bruise. He wasn't sure but he thought she looked pale and her eyes seemed to be glazed over. He holstered his weapon, pointed the light away from her face, and picked up his radio. "Hey Tommy, I've got a girl here who says she was trapped in the basement. Call the police and tell'em we need an ambulance."

"Wait", she told the man who was directing her to follow him. "My friend, I said he's still trapped down there!"

"What?" came the surprised response. "There's someone else in the basement?"

"Yes, he's on 2B. We need to get to him!"

The guard scratched his head and briefly brought the radio to his mouth before dropping it.

"Listen, I think you need to see a doctor. I don't know what happened but you're confused. There is no 2B."

"Yes!" she demanded as the numbness in her was replaced with a sense of purpose, "There is! I was being held in 3B and he is in 2B. We've been here since the 16th", she explained. "What day is it?"

The guard checked the time before answering.

"Still the 23rd. You've been here for a week?"

Sarah shook her head.

"That was only a week", she asked in near disbelief. It took her a moment before her train of thought returned. "Sir, please, my friend is still down there and I'm not leaving him!"

"The police will be here any minute. Let's just wait for them."

The two of them waited for about five minutes before police, firemen, and medical workers arrived. At first, they tried to get her to go to the hospital while insisting that they would look for her friend but she passionately refused to go with them.

"I'm not leaving until we find him! I promised him!"

The guard was still standing nearby with a disbelieving and somewhat annoyed look on his face. The officer at least feigned a look of concern.

"We're not giving up until we figure this out", the officer promised though he hadn't seemed to believe her story about a secret basement either.

"The elevator goes to 3B!" She directed her stare at the guard. "Isn't there an elevator inspector or mechanic you can call? Someone has to be able to know about it."

"She might be right", came the voice of one of the firemen. "HQ pulled the architecture of this building. The digital blueprints only show it going to 1B, but there was an old hardcopy from the original design that shows two floors below that."

She wanted to kiss that man.

"Thank you! I told you, I'm not lying!" she said redirecting her eyes at the guard. "You don't know what I've... what we've been through!" The pain in her voice clearly shook everyone who heard her. "I can't leave him", her voice cracked. "He saved me and I promised I'd save him!"

The officer consented but insisted that she be worked on by the medical staff while they searched for a way onto the floor.

She spent the next several hours in the back of the ambulance having her vitals monitored and fluids pumped into her. At one point a different officer stopped in and began asking her questions. She was embarrassed when the woman asked if she had anyone that she'd like to contact and only then remembered her parents.

Before her parents could be contacted the officer returned again.

"You were right", she said placing an arm on her shoulder. "We found those floors and found where they must have been keeping you. We couldn't find anyone else though."

"You won't be able to", she said as she pulled the needle out of her arm which drew a reprimanding look from the medical attendant. She knew that the old her would have winced at the pain the needle caused but it barely registered with her now. "I know where he is. Let me help."

She shook off the attendant's arm and walked up to the officer who put a hand up to try and stop her as well.

"Please", she begged, "I really do know where he is."

The officer briefly spoke with the attendant and then they were on their way.

They walked inside the building and she noticed how much busier it was now. All of the lights were on and there were at least eight cops, five guards, two firemen, and a few guys in suits who looked like they had just recently woken up. A number of them looked at her as she walked by but they didn't say anything.

Once on the elevator, she noticed that the evacuation door at the top of the car was open. The officer called to someone up there to lower them down to 2B.

"The computer system had to be disconnected before we could manually access the lower levels", explained the officer.

When they arrived, Sarah saw that they had put up a few construction lights to illuminate the hallways. This floor must not have been lit before.

"Mind the cables", the officer cautioned. Several strings of electric cables ran along a dark tiled hallway that looked very similar to that of 3B.

Though Sarah had been looking for the spiders, she still yelped along with the officer when they slid a ceiling tile aside and proceeded to crawl down the wall and to the floor. The officer instinctively drew her gun and aimed it at them.

"Wait! They'll lead us to him!"

"What?!" she screeched still recovering from the shock.

"Hey", Sarah put one hand on her tense arm. "It's okay. They're friends."

The officer stared at her in stunned disbelief. "What happened to you down here?!"

She managed a soft, sad smile and the officer relaxed a bit.

They followed the spiders into a room at the end of the hall which appeared to have had the door kicked in. Inside it was cool and sparkled with the activity lights of network and server equipment. One of the spiders climbed up onto one of the servers and tapped it. A few seconds later the power indicator light on the server went dark as it shut down and both of the spiders curled up into nearly pocket-sized balls.

"That's him", she told the officer who looked ready to bolt. "That's Kenshin."