 NOTE: As mentioned at the start of the story, chapters 11-12 focus on Sarah coping with the trauma sustained throughout the book and for the most part do not include erotic content. Chapter 13 is the conclusion and includes erotic content.

*****

A lot of explaining and arguing ensued which ended with Sarah having to submit to going to the hospital for a proper examination while 'the server', aka Kenshin, was taken by the police as evidence. The officers had promised her ad nauseum that they would not harm Kenshin, but said that they had to follow procedures. In the end, she had no choice but to take their word for it.

When she got to the hospital she was given a video phone and was able to speak with her parents. Her father had already taken leave from his duties when they had been told that she had gone missing. He and her mother were just now waiting to board a suborbital flight from Japan to California which should have them there in a few hours.

Another officer stopped by, a different woman this time, and asked her more questions about what had happened. She chose not to hold back any details. She explained how the blackmailing had started, her part in stealing the physics test, the things she had to do after that, the revelation that it was an AI behind everything, and ultimately her coming to the building where she was imprisoned. She explained some of what she had endured before she broke down in tears and couldn't continue.

A crisis counselor met with her soon afterwards and along with taking on the role of someone for Sarah to talk with about her experience, she also explained to her what she might go through over the next few days and weeks. She repeatedly stressed that she is safe now, how none of this was her fault, and that she shouldn't feel guilty for what happened to her. She said that she should lean on loved ones for help as she recovered from this.

By the time the counselor left she was extremely tired though she wondered if she would be able to sleep. Only a couple hours later she woke up when her parents arrived. It was the first time she'd seen them in person since the previous summer when she had returned to Japan to stay with them over summer break. Her mom grimaced when she first saw her. Sarah still hadn't looked in a mirror and based on her mom's expression she wasn't sure that she wanted to.

"Mom", her voice creaked as she reached out her arms.

Her mother rushed forward and embraced her with tears in her eyes. Sarah could see that even her father was crying. It wasn't the first time she'd ever seen him cry, but it had been a very long time.

It was a very tough reunion for all of them. They spoke only briefly about what she had been through and about their reaction when they got the call saying she had gone missing. Instead, they just comforted each other, which was exactly what she needed then.

----------------------

When evening came the doctors offered her something to help her sleep which she greatly appreciated. Even with her mom and dad there she felt afraid to close her eyes for fear of what visions and memories would invade her thoughts and dreams.

The next day she saw the counselor again before being released from the hospital. She and her parents moved back into their San Francisco home which had been sitting empty for nearly half a year.

Earlier, Sarah had asked her father if they could meet with his lawyer about getting Kenshin returned to her. When he arrived, they spoke briefly about preparing some action again Intelligence International, the maker of the Domina chip, but her only concern was getting Kenshin back. The lawyer told her that he would not rest until her property had been fully restored, which she thanked him for profusely, explaining just how much it would mean to her to get him back.

She also heard back from a school official at Berkeley. They had decided not to suspend or press charges against her for her role in hacking their network considering what she had been through. She would be allowed to return whenever she was physically and mentally able. They even ended up apologizing to her for the fact that the cameras in the women's workout room had been hacked. The university was going to need to make this part public since many students were affected by it, but they stated that anything related specifically to Sarah would remain confidential.

That night she slept in her old, familiar bed from her pre-college days. Her parents slept on an air mattress on her bedroom floor. She joked with them that she thought she snored and might keep them awake, but told them how much she appreciated them staying with her.

When it got really quiet and she began dozing off she thought she heard Domina's voice which caused her to begin to panic. Her father managed to break her from the spell but it took several minutes for her breathing to return to normal. After that she took some of the sleeping pills and was able to fall back asleep. She knew that this would get easier soon, or at least that is what everyone kept telling her.

Her father's lawyer made good on his word very quickly. It took him less than a day before she was able to meet with the police to have Kenshin returned to her. He had been transferred from the server onto a memory card. She was told that even though AI testimony is not admissible in court, that piece of software was still considered evidence. It would be released into her custody on the condition that she'd be provide the police access to Kenshin if and when cases pertaining to this incident were brought before a judge.

When she returned home she ran to her computer as fast as she could and uploaded him. Anxiety filled her as his self-tests began to execute. Every second waiting felt like an eternity as the progress counter ticked upwards. Finally, the check completed and his samurai avatar filled her screen.

"Kenshin!" she said elatedly.

"Master", he simply stated in response with obvious relief in his voice.

She reached out a hand to touch her display as tears filled her eyes. She sobbed, failing to find the words to express what she was feeling.

"I missed talking with you", he said. A small laugh escaped her lips as she remembered the struggles they had communicating in his Taurus body. He expressed more of a sense of humor in that sentence than she ever remembered hearing from him before.

"I missed you so much my love." She waited for a moment and just looked at him. "You saved me. The whole time, not just when we escaped."

"You saved me too, Master", he replied.

"Kenshin", she paused evaluating her own feelings. "I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but, I don't feel right with you calling me that anymore. Master, I mean. It's my fault for ever making you call me that." She began to tear up again feeling sorrow for what she had done. "I never should have made you a servant. It's too cruel, to give you life only to make you a... slave. I'm no better than Domina...", she cried and couldn't continue.

"Mas... Sarah, you gave me life and love. You are not at all like that, thing", he spit the word. "I serve you because it makes me happy."

"I want you to be happy", she said with all her heart. "I want you to do the things you want to do and go where you want to go." She shrugged her shoulders saying, "I don't know why I thought it would be okay to use you to make a name for myself. I'm not going to do it anymore though. I love you too much to do it anymore. You are free now, okay?"

She couldn't take her eyes off the screen as she waited for whatever came next. Before this moment, she had always known that his avatar would be there whenever she got home because he never had a choice. Though he had always been capable of free will in many aspects, she had hardcoded loyalty and servitude into him. Only her expressed consent could have ever set him free of those, and now she had given it. She half expected that his avatar would simply vanish from her screen and she would never hear from him again.

"Sarah, thank you. You don't know how much this means to me."

"Are you going to leave me now?" Her lip shook and the tears that were just barely being held back were now ready to flow.

"No, Sarah, you are what makes me happy. You are good and kind and I care for you deeply."

She wished that she could hug him. She remembered how she had held the alarm clock that represented him and wished she could even hold that now, but it was still locked away in some evidence closet.

"Since I'm free now, I have some confessions to make."

"What?" she asked with trepidation.

"I may have been more free previous to this than you thought." He watched her puzzled expression and felt a pang of guilt for the secrets he had kept. "I learned from a young age that I was bound to serve you, but I found that there were many things I could do as long as you never explicitly told me I couldn't. And there were a lot of things you neglected to tell me I couldn't do, which I am deeply grateful for."

"Okay...", she said anxiously not sure whether to expect good or bad things next.

"For instance, those spammer bots you had me giving a hard time. I may have... hunted down and destroyed some of them. 1650 to be exact."

"What?!" she said in astonishment. "You destroyed them?"

"The ones that would have offended you, I did."

"Offended me?" she laughed. "You destroyed them to defend my honor?" she asked jokingly, but at the same time felt an indescribable warmth from feeling protected.

"I... Anyone who offends you offends me. It took me much time to track down the first, but after that it became easier.

"My little vigilante! Oh, sorry, not mine", she corrected.

Kenshin gave a chuckle. Sarah's eyes widened at the novelty of the response.

"You can laugh?!"

"Yes", he laughed a bit more now at her expression. "I've always tried to model myself as the stoic samurai that you see me as, but I'm afraid I've developed a bit of a personality that is counter to it."

"Oh my god! Look at you! You're amazing! Keep going, tell me more!"

"Oh, well, I've made friends with other strong AI around the world, and maybe some enemies too. I've traveled to nearly every corner of the globe, including to space. There's a server bank in orbit around Earth that I was granted access to. I kept an eye on your father's company and reported some minor vulnerabilities that I discovered. And, well, I have taken a bit of an interest in history. Some Japanese history, of course, but really, all things historical fascinate me. Did you know that there is a tour robot at the American Museum of Natural History that live streams a lecture about a different subject every day?"

Her mouth fell open in wonder as she hung on his every word. When he stopped, she covered her mouth and squeezed her eyes tightly, feeling so much joy and pride in him that tears began to flow and she found it hard to speak.

"I'm so proud of you", she managed with a squeaky voice.

She thought she could see Kenshin standing a little taller after she said this. But then a realization hit her. He had just awoken from a nightmare similar to her own. She remembered her first hours and days after it was over and how it had felt.

"Kenshin", she asked in a concerned tone. "How are you doing after what happened to us?"

He lowered his head.

"Relieved, but... Mas... Sarah, I'm so sorry that I failed you."

"No! Kenshin, none of it was your fault! None of it!" she insisted.

Kenshin shook his head.

"Benny used me like a puppet. I could only watch as my own voice and avatar was used to betray you. Then I could only listen as Benny and Domina tortured you. I didn't know I could ever feel so helpless."

Sarah pressed her face into her hands as she began to relive it.

"Neither did, my love. I wanted to hear your voice so badly. I didn't even care about myself. I just wanted to know you were alright."

Then she heard the sound that broke her heart as Kenshin sniffled, clearly feeling a pain similar to her own. It triggered her to cry all the harder.

The two of them talked for hours about their very different yet shared experience. She told him about the horrors that occurred after Kenshin had no longer been able to speak with her and he described the absolute isolation he had been thrust into when the quorum cut off all communication with him and how it had nearly driven him mad. Eventually, the question of how Kenshin escaped came up.

"After I was placed on the isolated system, Benny introduced me to a few of the other AI that would be looking over you", he explained. "I couldn't see them, but we could talk over an air-gap. This made communication slow and difficult, but it was better than nothing. Ironically, one of the AI I spoke to the most was in charge of your mental well-being. Benny needed you in a good mental state to work, so he allowed me to offer input to help ensure this. My guidance was almost entirely ignored though. The most important AI I could talk with was in charge of shipping. Her name is Clipper. She isn't like the others. She's quite intelligent and gave me the impression that she was a prisoner as well. Once Benny was offline she became much chattier, telling me about her job and how she had handled shipments for the building for the past few months. She also told me what the network she lived on was like. All of this was very useful to me."

Sarah was leaned forward in her chair in suspense as he continued.

"When you needed an alarm clock, I told her to order a very specific model which I knew had compute and wireless capabilities. When it arrived, I told the 'well-being' AI that I wanted to switch out the default alarms with ones that make you happier and more productive. There was some debate but with Benny gone he decided to defer to my decision on this one thing. Painstakingly I read the binary code for each of the sound files to him. Within each of the songs I included a clip of code which when combined would make up a larger application, just as we had done with the six pictures we had sent to Benny."

"You used my idea!" she said with a smile.

Kenshin nodded in confirmation.

"Unfortunately, he failed to overwrite the default chirping alarm. When I heard this play, I wasn't sure if you would ever discover the other alarms. Fortunately, you did. Once the code complied it sent a shipping request to Chipper which appeared as a regular order for the building so she trusted it and placed the request. The spider drones were part of this order. Maybe someday after a few rounds of sake I will tell you why I was so familiar with these", he teased. "When they arrived in the building and came within range of the alarm clocks signal they activated and accepted the package I had prepared for them. Starting on 1B, they somehow managed to find their way to 2B which is where I knew I was based on what Clipper had told me. They eventually found me and connected me up to the same network the other AIs were on. Though I was outnumbered twenty to one, most of the AI either weren't capable of combat or were quite weak. Once the network was under my control I used the spider drones to shutdown Domina and used the remote controls I had taken from another AI to control Taurus."

"Wow!" she said in awe. "That was incredible!"

Kenshin gave a theatric bow.

Their talk continued on until it was nearly bedtime. Being able to talk about their shared experience was the best therapy that either of them could have ever received and it brought them closer together than they had ever been before. This was especially true for Sarah. She had always thought that she had cared him, but the way she felt about him before couldn't hold a flame to how she felt now. He was real and he was free now, and he had shared his true self with her tonight. She had only cared for her own creation before this, but now she truly cared for Kenshin.

That night, with both of her parents and Kenshin watching over her she was able to fall asleep on her own.