 Late Sunday night, Sarah and her parents returned to her dorm in preparation for her going back to school. They waited until after most of the students would be asleep so she wouldn't draw any of their attention.

Upon reaching her door she saw that it was covered with pictures, letters, flowers, and even a balloon from other students. There were prayers for her safety and recovery, people celebrating her being found and wanting to see here soon, and one note from several of her teammates that read, "When you read this, if you need someone to talk with please call at any hour". Below that was a list of their names and numbers. Seeing the name Corazon on there made her feel both happy and sad as she remembered what she had done to her. There were some news clippings as well. There was a small article from when she was declared missing and another one from the day after she was found. In the final one the media reported that she was the victim of a kidnapping and had managed her own escape. A few notes were attached or written directly on this article telling her she had been brave, to be strong, and one signed by Darrin who said come see him about kicking her captors ass. Many of them had drawn hearts or said they loved her and were thinking of her.

She tried to be happy that all of these people had thought about her and took the time to put these on her door, but she honestly didn't want any attention from anyone right now. It would be better if nobody had even noticed she had been missing so that when she showed up in class tomorrow she wouldn't have to talk about it with anyone.

After the three of them finished taking everything down they walked into her dark room and flicked on the light. The mess she had made in her rush to pack up and leave was still there as was some of the food in her fridge which had started to smell a little funky. Her parents helped her clean up and stayed for an hour. It helped having them there, but even when it was almost one in the morning she was having difficulty getting her mom to take the hint that it was time for them to leave. Fortunately, her father understood and the two of them finally left.

And then she was alone. Her computer was there waiting to be powered up, but she needed some time to be away from even Kenshin. She got into bed planning to just go to sleep, but after spending some time reflecting she got back up and brought him online and they talked for another hour.

Sleep came with horrible dreams. Kenshin would wake her when the nightmares became too bad, but it was difficult to fall asleep again after them.

On only a few hours of sleep she made her way to class hoping that it would give her something else to focus on rather than the incessant thoughts that had been plaguing her daily life, but this didn't end up being the case. It seemed that almost everyone was staring at her and whispering to each other as she walked along the sidewalks and through the hallways. Some students she didn't know came up to her and tried to welcome her back, asked how she was doing, and pretended like they knew what it must have been like. One person even asked if the 'rumors' about what happened to her were true. It was getting to be too much when her teammate Stacy showed up and told everyone to back off. Nobody decided to challenge the 6'3 power forward.

While they weren't in her first class together, Stacy stayed with her until she was settled in without trying to get her to talk about anything. Sarah couldn't have been more grateful for her.

After she took her seat there was only a minute before class started.

"I'll meet you here after class if you're alright with that."

"Yeah", Sarah said with reddened eyes. "I would really like that."

Stacy bent over and hugged her.

"Just message me if you need me sooner and I'll be here as soon as I can."

As class went on, she couldn't help thinking about how it had all started right here. Melissa wasn't here today, but she could just picture where the two of them had been. Whenever she wasn't thinking about that she was seeing students talking together or making sidelong glances at her. She wondered if they were talking about what happened to her or if she was just being irrational. Nobody was supposed to know the details, but there were obviously rumors and she knew in the digital age that secrets were nearly impossible to keep so maybe the rumors were right. Maybe everyone knew that a fucking computer program had blackmailed her into taking nude photos, making a porno of herself, and then enslaved and tortured her until she was eager to die.

Stacy was as good as her word and was at her desk along with Angela as soon as class ended. Apparently she must have looked awful because they asked if she wanted to leave. She declined and they all walked together to her next class. She did her best to put on a brave face and asked the two of them how the games had gone while she was away. Stacy told her that they lost to UCLA in the Pac-12 tournament and ended the season 17-15. They were waiting to see if they'd earn a spot in the NIT tournament.

"I read in one of the articles that you guys dedicated the last game of the season to me," Sarah said appreciatively.

"Sorry we got our asses kicked in that game", Angela laughed. "You weren't watching, were you?"

"No", she shook her head. She had wanted to, but it all reminded her too much of what had happened.

Her second class was worse than her first. Several students came up to her to ask her where she had been and what had happened and she just couldn't take it. She ran out of the room and considered going back to her dorm, but she knew she'd be found there. Instead, she turned off her phone, went to a reading room in the library, and found a couch in the corner where she could be alone. The rest of the day she stayed there pretending to be on her tablet but really she was silently suffering her worst day since her escape.

Kenshin must have sensed something was wrong with her when she came home. He tried to prod her into talking but she wasn't in the mood. She asked if he could give her the night to herself, and then his avatar disappeared from the screen. For a moment she was shocked that he had actually left and then she started wondering where he would go tonight.

That night and the next day were nearly repeats of the previous. Stacy must have thought it was a good idea to rally the entire team around her because just about each of them happened to run into her at some point that day to act as her protector. It had felt nice when it was just Stacy, but having everyone pitching it made it feel like they were the ones harassing her now. When she had enough she blew up at several of them and told them she didn't need their pity. She regretted it almost as soon as she said it, but it had to be said. She needed to be left alone.

On Wednesday she decided not to even get out of bed when her alarm sounded. She left her phone and the lights off so nobody would even know she was there. At times she reflected on the irony of her creating a self-imposed prison so similar to the one she had just recently escaped. Even the misery she had felt during that week seemed to have been transported here as well. She felt hollowed out and empty and struggled to remember the person she had been before all of this had started. Kenshin for his part just stayed by her side, offering silent comfort for the pain she felt.

By Thursday she had made up her mind. She went to a couple different drug stores picking up different pills at each. She paid cash to leave as little of a paper trail as possible.

When noon came she was back in the parking lot near her dorm. On her way there she had passed by students and faculty that were on lunch, but there was nobody around now. She knew she couldn't go back to her room. Kenshin would be there. She had turned off her phone specifically to avoid him having to see any of this. 'He is free now', she thought to herself. He wasn't bound to her by anything. When he found out that she was dead, he would grieve and then move on with his life. Her parents would have it tougher than him she knew. They still called every night and she had been putting on a brave façade and told them things were getting back to normal. It was going to be her fault that they wouldn't have seen this coming. They were the best parents she could have ever asked for and this was going to devastate them, but she didn't know what else to do. Take the pills and call them to say she was sorry? No... of course not. Even if that were their last conversation it wouldn't make them feel any better than if they never spoke at all.

'Kenshin', she thought as she popped the first dose of the pill cocktail into her mouth. She lifted the bottled water to her lips but kept them clenched. All she had to do was let in a little water. If she took these pills the next would go easier and the next would be even easier yet. Then it would be over. All the pain and fear and sadness would simply end. Isn't this what she wanted? The taste of the pills dissolving on her tongue was going to make her decide.

She spit them onto the floor, spilling some water on her shirt as she did. She spun the cap back onto the bottle and tossed the pills into a bag. Exiting her car, she marched towards the dorm hall while trying and failing to hold back the tears that were slowly streaming down her cheeks.

She got several looks along the way to her room but nobody stopped her. Maybe it was because in a dorm full of girls it wasn't that unusual to see someone walking down the hallways crying. Or maybe it was because they knew she had a reason to cry. Either way, she made it to her room, locked the door behind her, ran to the computer, and emptied the pills out onto the desk.

Running her hands through her hair she desperately cried, "I don't know what doing Kenshin! What the fuck am I doing?! Why do I feel this way?"

"Sarah", Kenshin said in surprise.

"I can't live like this Kenshin! It hurts too much!"

The tone Kenshin used next held more authority in it than Sarah had ever heard him use before.

"Sarah, I need you to listen to me and I need you not to panic when I say this."

Sarah sat on the bed watching him intently from across the room.

Kenshin continued, "I didn't just shut Domina down, I captured her."

"You what?" she asked, recoiling onto the bed at the sound of her name.

"She is my prisoner and I've broken into her. Because of this... I can access your Domina chip."

"What?! Wait, Kenshin..." she held out a hand begging him not to do anything to her.

"No, Sarah, it's not what you're thinking."

Her chest was tight making it difficult to breathe. It was going dark at the edge of her vision as she wondered if she was going to have another panic attack or pass out.

"Sarah, if you trust me, I think I can remove the memories that were created while the chip was in use. You'll will still remember things like what Benny did or some of your time spent in that room, but I think I can wipe out the worst parts of it."

Now she really was struggling to breathe but there was enough clarity in her head that she could process what he had said. Two sides of her mind became locked in battle, one fearing the use of the Domina chip against her mind and the other trusting Kenshin and imagining being free of these memories. For an instance the part of her mind wanting Kenshin to do it took the upper hand, but the panic in her chest was returning and she knew her conviction wasn't going to hold for long.

"Do it Kenshin!" she cried with what little breath she could muster. "Do it before I change my mind!"

Her figured slumped over onto the bed as Kenshin forced her to sleep.

Kenshin's nervous system kicked into overdrive and his avatar ever so slightly began to shake. He knew that it would be hard for even his creator to understand what it was for him to be scared, but right now that is exactly what he was. He had spent days researching for this exact situation. Benny had done the hard work of breaking the protections on the Domina code so it hadn't been hard for him to perform his own analysis of her. He discovered that memories created while the Domina chip were active had a unique marker. However, since it was illegal to modify human memory, the only resources he had for figuring out how memory removal would work was either from sketchy and illegal materials or from research done on mice. If Sarah hadn't been on the verge of suicide there was no way he could have attempted this. But if this was the only way, then he had no choice but to try. He closed his eyes and envisioned the entire process, step by step. He simulated potential failure points as well as appropriate responses to the ones that could be recovered from. And then he began.