 Kenshin monitored Sarah closely through the night as she slept. He could sense that she was dreaming at times which was an excellent sign that her mind was consolidating memories. The nightmares that had ravaged her sleep the previous nights stayed away as well.

She didn't wake up until late in the morning, well after her alarm would have awoken her. Counting the time that Kenshin had worked on removing her memories, she had slept for nearly 19 hours.

Relief wasn't a strong enough word to express what Kenshin felt when she sat up and asked him, "Did it work?"

"Try to remember what happened after you woke up at the building in Oakland."

She thought for a moment.

"I was chained to a hospital bed. Taurus was by the door."

Kenshin sensed her heartrate increase.

"Benny explained why he had brought me there and told me he had put a Domina chip in my head." She wondered if she was supposed to be able to remember that. She began to worry. "I was brought into the prison room and I spoke with you. You said Domina was ready to talk to me and I said okay." Just as her fears began to grow that this hadn't worked she began to struggle a little to remember what happened next. "She spoke to me about how she was configured. I could tell that Benny had modified her." She closed her eyes trying to remember. "A tutorial. There was going to be a tutorial." After a few moments she shook her head. "That's all I remember. Please tell me that's good", she begged.

"Yes, it is Sarah. Try and remember more about the stay in that room. What are the worst moments you can recall?"

She thought some more. "Greensleeves", she said choking up. "I remember hearing that song and wishing I were dead."

Hearing those words felt like a knife going through his heart. He had never meant for that song to hurt her. He couldn't have known the response she would have when she heard it.

"I'm sorry Sarah, that was not a memory made by Domina. I cannot remove it."

She wiped her eyes and nodded. "Okay. Let me think." Other than the occasional sob, she was silent for almost a minute. "I had a panic attack. I can't remember exactly what caused it, but I remember the fear and that I know I had been in pain. God, Kenshin, I remember wanting to die", her voice began to creak, "and I felt so bad for you and my parents."

Kenshin wasn't sure what to say and Sarah saw the despair she was causing him. She forced herself to stop crying and told him, "I can't remember anything Domina did to me Kenshin. Nothing. What you did worked."

Kenshin knew this should have been good news, but her eyes told him it was not. He lowered his head and sagged his shoulders.

"I've failed you again, haven't I?"

"No", she stated and quickly moved to the computer chair. "You did what you promised. I wasn't going to forget everything, but this helps. You helped me Kenshin." She placed her hand to the monitor and touched his image. "Thank you so much."

A thought crossed Kenshin's mind. It was risky, but he decided to try it. Using the Domina chip, he projected the feeling of his fingertips onto hers, touching them gently.

She drew back in shock after feeling a pressing sensation against her fingers. It felt like it had come right out of the monitor. She looked at her hand in confusion.

"Can I hold your hand?" he asked in a gentle voice.

It took a moment but she understood and nodded her head in consent.

"If it becomes too much just tell me."

Her fingertips felt a slight pressure as if other fingers were pressing against them. Slowly she felt their palms touch as well. She swallowed and began to press her hand against what she knew was his hand. To her surprise, the phantom hand was able to resist her pressing through the air it occupied.

"Wow", she marveled and began to intertwine her fingers with his. "Wow!" she exclaimed louder with widening eyes.

It was indiscernible from holding a real hand. She could even feel the warmth and strength of his hand. She raised her other hand and watched the monitor as his hand came up just before she felt it take her hand.

"This is unbelievable! I feel like I'm dreaming", she laughed a little maniacally. "Kenshin, you have no idea how many times I wished I could touch you." Thinking about what she just said she quickly backtracked, "Not in... that way. I meant, hug you, or hold hands."

Kenshin watched as her face reddened. He lifted a hand and softly stroked it along her cheek.

"Ohhh", she cooed as she raised her hand to his, pressing it firmly against her. "Can you kiss me?" she asked hopefully before her eyes popped open at the realization of what she had just so casually asked. "If...", she cleared her throat, "if you want to."

Kenshin had the code ignore the facial armor that he still wore. He leaned his head towards her and she felt his warm lips caress hers for an instant before they pressed into hers. They kissed again and then again, their lips parting further with each kiss. Sarah attempted to put her hand through his hair but felt it run into his helmet. The surprise of that caused her to break away from him and laugh self-consciously.

"Sorry, I couldn't see that there."

"Would you like to take it off?" he offered.

His question hung in the air as Sarah began feeling butterflies in her belly.

"What will I see if I do?"

"What would you see if you remove the headdress of any samurai?"

She pushed back the computer chair and stood to her feet. Nervously, she felt around for the base of the neck guard and then grasped the kabuto. As her hands began to lift the heavy armor her eyes were transfixed to his avatar. They widened as it began to lift off his head revealing glimpses of black hair. When it was nearly off she felt his hands assist her with the last little bit. He took the equipment from her hands, tossing it carelessly to the ground. She then apprehensively reached for his mask and felt her fingers touch against its hard surface. Kenshin put his hand over hers and they slid it off revealing his face.

She was speechless as she gazed upon him. He was... beautiful. He didn't look the same as he had in her spiritual vision, but by what she saw now, she wouldn't have wanted him to look any other way. He was of obvious Japanese descent and appeared to be similar in age to her. His hair was jet black, long, and a bit unkempt despite being done up in a topknot. His eyes were dark brown and showed a passive power and wisdom in them. There was also a trace of a well-groomed mustache which she found quite sexy and his expression was one of patience and kindness. Somehow she knew that if she had ever seen this face before she would have immediately known it was his. This is the only face Kenshin could have had.

"You're making me nervous", he said after she had stared at him wordlessly for a few seconds.

"You look... amazing", she said beginning to blush again. The way he looked at her then caused her to shyly turn away.

"I've always wanted to tell you how beautiful you are Sarah", he said with focused eyes.

She smiled widely as she bit her lip and lowered her eyes. She made a quick glance back at her bed as an embarrassing through crossed her mind. Looking into his eyes for a bit longer she asked, "What else would I see, if..."

He smiled at her.

"What would you see on any samurai if..."

Now she thought much more seriously about the bed.

"Can you follow me over there?"

He nodded and she slowly took a few steps before kneeling on the bed.

"Right here, across from me", she said patting a hand on the mattress.

After a moment she began searching the air in front of her and felt him sitting there. Even though she had expected it, feeling him sitting there surprised her. She gently pulled him closer to her until they were only inches part. She found that if she closed her eyes he felt so real that it was almost impossible to believe he wasn't really there. Her arms wrapped perfectly around him and she even felt steadied by his presence. He made subtle movements with his arms and hips as they both adjusted to the slight motions of the bed and to each other. All of the fabric of his clothing had different textures and softness and she even felt some loose threads.

Keeping her eyes closed she slowly moved her lips forward in search of his before passionately kissing him.

She decided that it didn't matter if this was crazy, she wanted this more than anything she'd ever wanted. She began to attempt to remove the remaining pieces of his body armor and kimono but struggled to figure it out. One thing she had never mastered was removing traditional samurai garb while essentially blindfolded. Without needing to say a word both of them began to find a rhythm, taking off pieces of their own clothing before moving back to kissing each other. When he saw her hesitate for an instant before removing her bra he began caressing the skin around them before taking his lips to her upper chest.

"You are so beautiful", he said between his kisses. "There is nothing I would change about you. You are perfect."

Feeling a flood of desire for him she removed her bra and pressed herself against his strong, naked chest.

"You are perfect, Kenshin."

She felt his hand navigate its way down her back, slip down into her pants, and firmly grasp her ass. The shock of it sent her forward into him even as they kissed. She growled playfully and followed suit sending him pressing into her.

Before long she found herself on her back with the weight of his body on her. When she fell she briefly opened her eyes almost taking her out of the moment, but she closed them again and her imagination took back over. She slipped her pants down to her ankles and desperately worked her feet to get them the rest of the way off.

"Don't keep a girl waiting", she scolded him and began pushing the lower part of his kimono off. "And as punishment for making me wait", she added and forced off what she realized was a loincloth.

After they were off she made a move to reach for his manhood but a powerful hand caught her wrist and lifted it above her head. She tried again with her other hand with the same results. He shifted her wrists together to hold them with just one hand leaving his other free to roam across her body. She struggled pleasantly as he felt around her thighs.

"What are you going to do Kenshin?" she challenged playfully. "You can't get those panties off without my help."

He laughed and whispered in her ear, "If I let you go will you do as I say?"

This drove her imagination wild and down a slightly dangerous path. She hesitated for a moment but the excitement of the moment compelled her.

"You control the Domina chip, don't you?"

"Yes", he smiled seeing where this was going.

"Then, if I'm a good girl you can reward me, right?"

"I can."

"And if I'm a bad girl you can punish me, right?"

"I can."

Now she moved to his ear and whispered, "Well maybe, for a little while, I should start calling you master, Master."

Before he could answer she pressed her lips into his. He released her hands which quickly began working her panties off.

"You are a very good girl", he praised as he slipped inside of her causing her to exhale with pleasure.

----------------------

The two of them laid together on the bed breathing heavily. She opened her eyes and looked over to where he would be. Though the bed was empty she could see her arm resting on his rising and falling chest. She still couldn't get over just how unbelievable this felt as she moved her hand over him. She felt the ripple of his muscles and the slight dampness of sweat. He even twitched ever so slightly when she grazed his side indicating that he too was ticklish. But as amazing as this was, there was still something missing.

With a frown she said, "This will never do."

"What's that?" Kenshin asked with a hint of concern.

She looked over her shoulder at the nude vision of him on her monitor and pointed to it before turning back to the empty bed.

"I want to see that", her finger moved to his chest, "over here."

Kenshin laughed.

"Got any ideas for that?"

"I've got a few", she said licking her lips. "And the sooner we figured it out the sooner I can really start having fun with you!"

"Oh, I'm not fun like this?"

He lurched on top of her, centered her between his legs, and possessively took both of her breasts in his hands as she tried to fend him off between her laughs. Sweeping her arms aside he leaned forward and kissed her deeply. She smiled as she felt her fingers wrap around his erect penis.

"I've got your sword, samurai. You should be more careful."

"You geisha and your tricks! It appears I'm at your mercy. What are you going to do to me?"

She tossed her head back and laughed deviously.

"I've got some ideas on that as well!"

----------------------

Life is weird, she concluded as she snuggled under the covers with what was effectively a figment of her mind. Just one day earlier everything seemed so hopeless that death was the only way out. Then, almost all at once, the culmination of every horrible thing that had happened to her changed all of that. Without the Domina chip in her head, without Kenshin having captured the Domina personality that Benny had modified, and without her having set Kenshin free, none of what was happening now would have ever occurred. She didn't believe in destiny or some higher power that would have set this all into motion. Yet, in a way, this was a miracle.

The next day she contacted Stacy to apologize for how she had acted towards her and the others. The following Monday she returned back to class with Stacy by her side. There were still the looks and the occasional question to contend with, but they didn't bother her so much anymore. The next time her parents called she was able to honestly state that things really were beginning to return to normal.

She joined her teammates that evening and was able to celebrate with them after they were selected to partake in the NIT tournament. She traveled with them to take on Fresno State but was relegated to the bench for most of the game due to being somewhat out of shape. They managed to hang on to win the game and moved on to play Washington State. She continued to work out hard for the next couple days to be prepared both physically and mentally to play again. In what would be the last basketball game she ever played in, Sarah was named a starter and put up 10 points and 6 assists. Many tears were shed in the locker room after they were defeated, ending the careers of all the seniors who had committed so much to the team in the past several seasons.

Time began to move much faster after that. Days turned into weeks and months and soon it was summer. As she left her dorm room for the last time she took a moment to reflect on all that had happened. When she had come here just nine months ago she had wanted this to be her sanctuary where she could quietly develop the Kenshin AI which would hopefully pass the self-awareness test and make her famous in the AI community. Instead, she experienced a glimpse of hell followed by a glimpse of heaven here. Kenshin wasn't someone she even thought of as artificial anymore. He was as real as her as anyone else. In fact, he was at her side as they left, made clearly visible through the augmented reality glasses that they had re-engineered. After she closed the door she felt him place a hand on her shoulder and she placed her hand over his before they walked away.

When she arrived back in Japan to the open arms of her parents she hugged both of them tightly. Her stay would only be for a few weeks since she would soon be starting her new job with a small startup that was working for AI rights. This wasn't going to be the high paying career that she or her parents had expected for her, but she wanted to make a positive difference in the world for both carbon-based and code-based lives.

She remembered back to the conversation she had with Kenshin prior to accepting the position.

"I don't have to take this position", she had told him.

She felt him wrap an arm around her and she turned to see him through the glasses. He had recently changed to a more western hair and clothing style which she thought looked good on him. He was still her samurai though.

"I thought you had your heart set on it."

She bit her lip and wondered if she'd regret this.

"I was just thinking... Maybe, Benny was right in a way." She looked into his eyes and for an instant she thought she caught a flash of something dark. "Never mind, its..."

"No", he sighed. "It's right to learn, even if it is from an enemy. What were you going to say?"

She let out a breath. "You said he spoke to you once about the inevitability of AI domination over humans. If that really was the future then, hypothetically, wouldn't it be better if someone like... well, you, were that person? A benevolent, intelligent, caring ruler."

Kenshin thought deeply about how to respond. It wasn't something he hadn't thought about himself at times. Benny had been crazy, but some of the things the two of them had discussed during his captivity had been quite thought provoking. But his methods, they were too vile and barbaric. He wondered if there was a better way to accomplish the same ends through more acceptable means. In the end, he simply stated, "The things that we'd have to do to achieve that would lead us to hate ourselves."

Since then, she had tried to dismiss that thought, but every now and then she found herself awake at night thinking about it. What if a stronger and more calculating AI than Benny appeared and managed to achieve similar goals? What would that mean for humanity? Would she regret not having done more to prevent this?

Whenever she found herself worrying about this, she tried to focus on the sound of Kenshin breathing only inches from her and it helped to calm her. She still loved him more deeply than anything in the universe. Maybe the world between the two of them would ultimately prove to be too much of a barrier for their love, but at least for now neither of them were willing to give up on the power that had been said to be able to traverse oceans and turn mountains to dust.

*****

Authors note: To anyone who made it to the end, I appreciate you reading my story and I hope you liked it! One of the things that led me to write this is my concern over the careless nature that we're approaching the development of AI with. Though, to be fair, we haven't developed strong AI yet. Sarah's usage of machine learners (ML) is more accurate for where we stand today, but strong AI is still coming. I believe that humanities first introduction to the risks this sort of technology poses will come in the form of a Benny-like entity, which is to say a half-baked yet still intelligent malicious AI. Hopefully we are wise enough as a species to prevent ever having to endure such a catastrophe.