 © 2019 Unity Mitford. All rights reserved. The author asserts her right to be identified beyond the grave as the author of this story. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a review. And, well, if you copy this one without my permission, the backhoe's ready and the 1911's loaded...

Well, I wrote this for the 2019 Literotica Geek Pride Day story event and it's not super long, only 26k words (8 Literotica pages) and there's only one sex scene half way through the story, and it's pretty dystopian, so that's the essentials covered. Not 100% sure that it's a perfect fit for Geek Pride Day, but I always figured Science Fiction is geeky enough on its own, and hey, this is SF more or less, and it's alternative future history, so that's geeky enough for me, and I'm proud of this story, so hey, close enough. While I'm at it, I'm gonna thank that outstanding Literotica authoress, the esteemed ChloeTzang (cough cough), for organizing this years Geek Pride Day story event, and of course Laurel for doing all the heavy lifting getting these stories up on the day! Thanks Laurel!

And now, if you enjoyed my first "Unity Mitford" story, "And the Snow Fell," well, this is another of those grimly dystopian little tales of sex, war and death in the Second Republic. As with "And the Snow Fell," it's more than a little downbeat and way grim, it does have some hot sex of course but it's not primarily sex, so if you're after a quick stroke story, this isn't it. Also, I'd like to thank S. M. Stirling for his Draka series, Jerry Pournelle for his "Future History", Tom Kratman for his Carrerraverse and Countdown series, and George Robert Elford for "Devil's Guard" - all of which were something of an inspiration for this dystopian setting. There's probably a few more but these will do.

Before you read, be warned. These aren't happy stories. Read this one, and, well, you'll understand. They are intended to provoke a little thinking and there's a lot of death and violence as well as sex so I can say with complete certainty that it won't be to everyone's taste. After all that, please do remember, it is fiction, because some people do read the author into the story and really, you shouldn't. It's fiction. Maybe fiction with a message but still, it's fiction... "Unity"

