 Illianya snapped into consciousness with a rough slap across her face. 

"Wake up slut," Trevor growled into her ear. She could feel her body rocking back and forth. Her entire body wet. Her neck was bent at a sharp angle and she felt a crick developing. Her shins were pressed flat against a wall, ankles rubbing against both butt cheeks. She winced as her knees tapped against the solid plastic. 

Dazed she tried to sit up, but a large weight on her chest kept her pinned to the floor. She cracked open her eyes but was forced to screw them shut as rushing water poured from above. Another burst of pain on her cheek as Trevor slapped her. 

"What the fuck, Trevor?" she began to yell, but his hand shot forward and muffled her. 

"What was that Tryx?" she heard one of the girls shout over the downpour of the showers. 

"What?" the other girl yelled back. 

"What? another responded. 

Illianya held her breath, freezing in fear as she remembered where she was. She waited for the girls to find her out, but no more inquiries were made. 

The rhythmic motion against her chest continued. Trevor was still rock-hard, furiously pounding his shaft between her pillowy breasts. She moaned into his hand as her half-cog nipple shields were tweaked; a large palm encasing her breast, kneading it. 

He pulled at her piercing and the pain sent cascades of pleasure through her bosom, causing her to wriggle beneath him. Removing his hand from her mouth, he gripped a handful of her breasts and squeezed them together, pace increasing. 

Hot breath tickled her nose as Trevor leaned closer. She opened her eyes; his body shielded her from the raining water. They were cramped into the small shower-she lay on the floor, wedged between the walls and Trevor kneeled above her chest, cockhead lunging out from between two chestnut hills. 

The sight of his throbbing member caused a surge of water to flow from her dam. Heat built to immeasurable levels. Her ears tingled, and toes scrunched. Sub-consciously, she licked her lips; the mere sight of it was mouth-watering. 

Suddenly, a torrent of cum erupted from his cock, coating her face in the warm, gooey liquid. Hungrily, she lapped up globs that landed within tongues reach. Savoring its salty taste, she let it sit in her mouth a moment before swallowing; he had denied her the treat when he had so forcelly sunk himself deep into her throat. The pressure squeezing her breasts subsided and he let them fall away from his cock. Against all logic it still shone bright red, engorged and eager for more. 

"Skewer me Trevor, fill me up and fuck me hard. Make me scream. I need you inside me," she whined, staring up at him with pleading eyes. 

He grinned wide, showing his canines. Grabbing underneath the arch of her back, he shimmied against the other wall and drug her feet out from behind him. They shifted slowly, lust subdued in the moment, animalistic urges held at bay while they ensured they wouldn't be discovered and interrupted. 

Gripping her waist with one hand, he hoisted her up to meet his and folded her other leg flat against her breast. She was in a rather uncomfortable position, her shoulders bearing most of the weight. Her neck was bent at an awkward angle and pressed flat against the wall, chin digging into her chest. Trevor rubbed his shaft slowly against her folds, torturing her quivering sex. 

On the first lunge he slammed deep, his massive cock brushing against her cervix. Illianya cupped her hands over her mouth, stifling the loud moan his violent thrust forced out of her. His angle of penetration forced him against the roof of her cave, causing her stomach to bulge slightly. 

Trembling, she braved one hand and traced the crest of flesh with a lone finger as Trevor paused to savor the experience of his first dip. To her surprise, although he brushed against the entrance to her womb, a couple inches of his shaft still protruded from her. 

Slowly he withdrew from her, head dragging against the walls of her cunt. She tightened even harder around him, every fiber desperately fighting to keep it trapped within. He thrust in gentler, taking his time as he pumped in and out of her. She bit down on her palm, straining to muffle squeaks of pleasure. 

He increased his pace, stopping only to reposition and shuffle closer to her. Letting go of her hips he grasped her other leg and folded her completely in half. She was forced to use both hands to stop her from sliding away from the wall, letting moans escape unfettered. 

Trevor must have felt her reaching climax, taking that as his cue to go full force. With a low growl he rammed faster, stronger and more fevered. Throwing caution to the wind. The sound of their raw passion reverberated within the small confines of the chamber. 

Illianya finally relented-the hormones of her body overpowering, lust overwhelming-screaming expletives and incomprehensible words as the intoxication of the moment made her disregard all sense. 

"Fuck! Oh fuck, yeessss! Yessss! Fuck me faster, fuuuck meeeee!" she squealed. She didn't care if the whole university heard them, let alone the other girls. She wanted them to know. Know she was getting fucked right beside them. 

Mark grinned as she yelled, happy to remove the shackles of secrecy. "Who's a dirty slut?" he growled down at her, raising to a standing crouch and gripping her hips. Before she could answer he ploughed down, piledriving into her with his full weight. 

Her eyes bulged in pain as his penis pressed hard against her cervix. Her moans interjected with whimpers as he continued the brutal assault against her deepest barrier. The other showers had gone quiet and the silence was deafening. Trevor slammed home once more. 

"I'm a dirty slut" she whimpered. 

"Who's a dirty slut?" Trevor barked, unsatisfied by her lackluster reply. He thrust harder. deeper. 

She squealed after each thrust. The pain somehow both excruciating and overwhelmingly pleasurable. 

"I'm a dirty fucking slut!" she screamed as a wave of ecstasy racked her body. Illianya gushed around him as he continued, his fervor unwavering as she fell into an orgasmic seizure. 

A lone mocking cheer joined her. "Listen to the whore! That bitch getting fucked!" one of them laughed, pounding on the adjoining wall. The jeers quieted quickly, air compressors and machinery buzzing to life from the adjacent chambers as they lost interest. 

As her climax subsided and she panted, exhausted-letting out soft huffs in response to Trevor's pounding-the heat still remained. Limply she raised her arms up to him, indicating him to pull her up. 

Trevor grasped her wrists and pulled, yanking her up to him. She hooked her legs behind his back and straddled his waist. "Fill me up. Sink that cock all the way into me," Illianya weakly moaned, feebly grinding her hips against him, body desperately trying to milk his essence. 

Trevor leaned against the wall, wrapping his arms under her knees and grabbing her hips tightly, positioning himself so he could use gravity to assist in the process. Illianya didn't have enough energy to drape her arms around his neck and instead let them fall to her sides. She could barely hold up her head and it lolled on exhausted muscles. 

He rocked forward, hips slapping against her pert ass, flesh slapping loudly against flesh. Her cervix held strong, her weight held on the tip of his cock. Their internal kiss separated for a brief moment as she reached the apex of her curve. Then she fell back down, onto his battering ram. 

She screamed as his cock ploughed back into her. She felt like she was being split apart. Yet, the pain brought her to the cusp of climax. Again, he bucked and again his battering ram crashed into her crumbling walls. 

It was almost unbearable, but she knew she wanted it all. Every. Single. Drop. Deep inside her womb. Her body needed to drain and contain everything he had. 

She was too close. She could feel him struggling to restrain himself. "Once more, that's all he needs to completely and utterly break me" Illianya thought, mind swimming in ecstasy. 

Trevor pulled back and rocked her all the way to the tip of the shaft. A soft moan of anticipation escaped her lips as her cunt tugged against his head, her groin preventing it from sliding loose. 

He pulled his hips away from her as she fell. When he couldn't retreat any further, he rocketed up into her, sheathing himself completely within her. 

Her walls exploded—muscles reacting as if birthing-and the ram broke through, army close behind. His cock tore into her, tunneling painfully deep into her womb. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and her tongue flopped lazily out of her mouth as she let loose a loud orgasmic wail, her mind unable to fully process the onslaught of feeling. 

Trevor shuddered underneath her as he finally came. A flood of liquid poured out from him much greater in both volume and power than before. He clenched his teeth and groaned loudly as he pumped his seed directly into her womb. 

The sound of their panting was drowned out by the running water of the shower. The stench of sweat mixed with bodily lubrications filling the room. They clung together as Trevor filled Illianya with his seed, continuously flooding her pussy. 

She felt pressure building around the seal between her lips and his cock, her vagina still exceptionally tight even after its abuse. Trevor slapped at the handle of the shower, managing to twist it off after a few feeble attempts. 

He hugged Illianya close against him and slid them both to the floor of the shower. They sat, cuddling in the silence as more and more fluid flow into her, exceeding what seemed physically possible. 

Her body, out of her control, tightly gripped his shaft and remained air-tight. As more and more liquid pumped into her, she developed a slight bump, body expanding to contain the ocean filling her. 

Finally, Trevor stopped. His arms went limp and he fell against her, unconscious. Breath ragged and shallow. She rested her forehead against his shoulder, peering down between them. Her stomach looked as if she was in her first trimester! Lazily, she put a hand on her stomach, feeling the extension. 

Trevor's cock slipped out of her as it grew flaccid, letting the deluge of spunk seep from her. It mixed with the draining water, dancing as it flowed from her. Her stomach slowly returned to its normally plump but toned shape. 

The uncontrollable heat of lust faded from her body, at last. She sighed, drifting into darkness, achieving the satisfaction her body had been desiring. As the hormones of arousal released her from their grasp, a sharp pain emanating from her cunt was noticeably growing. Illianya knew that was going to hurt. Bad. But that was for another time, now, to rest. 

- - - 

Beep. Beep. Beep. 

The monotonous digital noise dragged her towards consciousness. 

Beep. Beep. Beep. 

She cracked her eyes open. They were met with bright white light that forced her to shut them quickly. She grumbled, annoyed. 

Beep. Beep. Beep. 

A pounding pain slowly became present at the base of her head. "Where am I?" she thought, mind still groggy from sleep. 

Illianya could feel that she was lying down, and her body was slightly numb. However, beneath the numbness was aching discomfort gripping most of her joints, something she knew would slowly transform into pain. Opening her eyes slowly to let them adjust, Illianya surveyed her surroundings. 

The first thing she saw as her eyes adjusted was the white sheets and firm mattress that she was lying on. A thin rectangular metal box, as white as the sheets, sat beside the bed. Wires ran out of its top, slinking down to the ground, and back up onto the bed. Lights flashed, and a small display screen showed information alien to her. 

The room around her was pristine and clean. Obviously, a hospital room. "Why am I here?" she wondered, her mind still foggy. One of the wall panels across from her was displaying a media broadcast. The feed muted, she was able to ascertain from the subtitles that it was a news segment about the upcoming uni-Rokball season. 

The beeping continued. Annoyed, she swatted at the machine weakly, attempting to shut it up. She froze. Wires were connected to her arm. Not wires, drips. The mist of sleep and side-effects of whatever drugs she was being pumped with, cleared from her mind. She remembered the study, the people in crates, then... haze. 

"I almost died... that gas... those people?" Shock settled in. Reality broke. The walls rushed her. Large metal plates careened towards her. Everything was close. Too close. From the other side of the walls, crazed faces banged into them, semen splattering against them. Her throat clenched. She couldn't breathe. 

The machine started beeping frantically. Suddenly, the door burst open and Illianya saw, through her blurry tear-filled vision, a tall lanky woman, skin pink as bubble-gum, run into the room, the tail of her lab coat flapping behind her. 

"Hey, hey, hey there. It's all right. You're all right. You're safe," the woman soothed. She approached Illianya's bedside slowly, arms raised up non-threatingly. "It's all right, we're taking good care of you," she said, sitting on the edge of the bed. 

The doctor reached down and grasped Illianya's hand, patting Illianya's shoulder with her other, attempting to calm her down. Illianya gulped deep breaths and blinked the tears from her eyes. The woman gave her a warm smile, "Everything is all-right Illianya." 

"Where am I?" she rasped, voice cracking slightly. Her throat felt as dry as the tundra looked. 

Another soft smile. "You're in recovery ward 61f of UGC's medical unit." Illianya's eyes darted around the small room and the doctor added quickly, "Your...partner... is fine as well. We've already released him. All he needed was some time to rest and a nutrient injection. He was quite drained." Illianya noticed her suppress a giggle. 

Confused, Illianya stared at the lady. "My partner?" 

"Yes... um, Trevor was his name. We found you together in the lab." 

"Oh ya, I told him to meet me there..." Illianya trailed off, trying to remember what happened after she fled from the lab. Haze. "The pink-haired girl... If Trevor had showed up... what would I have done?" 

"Did I... did I do something?" she asked, voice cracking from fear. 

"No, no, no, no, no," the doctor said in calming tones, gently rubbing Illianya's arm. "You didn't do anything. Those-excuse me-cannibalistic power-hungry shut-ins at the labs didn't take the proper precautions," she hissed. Illianya sat up in the bed and stared at the fuming pink woman. 

Illianya craned her head, still confused. "I'm sorry, what? That doesn't really explain anything." 

The lady took a moment to compose herself. "Did you perhaps see a short, pink-haired girl at the testing facility?" 

"Ya...what does she..." Illianya trailed off, the pieces clicking together. The collision on her way to the morning tram, the gas. "That was her gift?" Illianya asked the lady, already knowing the answer. 

"Yes," the doctor sighed. "Miss Vondyr exhales, rather than CO2, an extremely powerful airborne drug that greatly enhances an individual's desire to reproduce. It drags out and empowers the most animalistic parts of one's mind, all thoughts replaced with a need for sexual release." 

The doctor gave Illianya's arm a soft pat and stood up, pulling out a datapad to check her bio-readings. "The drug can remain in an infected individual's system for several days but is completely rejected from the system if the individual..." the doctor paused, glancing away from Illianya awkwardly. 

"What? If they 'release' or orgasm? I'm sorry but I saw the crates, they came a lot," Illianya joked dryly, attempting to relieve the awkwardness. 

The lady blushed and let out a quick cough. "No, um, when they either ejaculate into a female's reproductive organ, or for females, when a significant amount of seminal fluid is deposited into their reproductive organ." 

Illianya crossed her arms and tilted her head back against the synthetic-fibre bedframe, letting the information sink in. "So, when they cum in you". 

"Yes... you could say it like that," the doctor replied. 

Illianya thought it was surprising how uncomfortable the lady was in discussing topics relating to sex. She glanced at the women from the corner of her eye. The doctor was still nose down focused on Illianya's bios. She noticed that her bubble-gum pink skin had white flakes dotting her cheeks and clavicle-they resembled freckles in a way. 

Rather than hair, the woman had short translucent spotted-pink tentacles that sprouted from where her hairline would be, twisting together and resting just over her left shoulder. Her eyes were large, like the girls in those anime's Zach watched. Her amber irises glowed lightly, reflecting off the tops of her cheeks. She wore thick, round, candy-red, under-rimmed glasses. 

"Cute," Illianya remarked to herself and returned to staring at the ceiling. The beeping of the machine and the soft tapping of the doctor swiping through the datapad's tabs the only sounds. 

"Wait... no heat. That didn't do anything to me. In the locker I saw the girl and that did... something to me, now, nothing." She let out a sigh of relief. However, the train of thought made a random question cross Illianya's mind. "So, what if you were gay?" she blurted out. 

The doctor was taken aback, mouth moving but failing to produce words. "I'm afraid you caught me off-guard, could you repeat the question?" she finally asked. 

"You said that the sexual arousal caused by that girl's gift wears off after a dude comes in a girl, or a girl gets cummed in. If someone wasn't sexually aroused by the opposite gender, would it still have the same effect?" 

"I... uh... I'm not sure, the file didn't really have any mention of that... but I'd assume so," the lady answered hesitantly. 

"What about if they've transitioned?" Illianya asked, legitimately interested in how the girl's gift worked. 

"I, well, there's really not much information that I know other than what I've told you. They've focused on testing the effect it has on binary leaning individuals... I don't know enough about it to really say." 

Illianya took the hint and stopped the line of questioning. "Sorry," she apologized. "So... why was Trevor here? Was he hurt or something?" Illianya asked, worried that when Trevor had brought her her hand, she had introduced him to the drug. 

The woman stopped and peered curiously at Illianya for a moment. "Oh, he's fine. We had to basically drag him from the building. He didn't want to leave you, but we insisted you needed quiet." She leaned in closer, "He's a real sweetie, that one. If we had a reason to let him stay, we would've, but Ice-den was calling asking about him, and we didn't have a legitimate excuse to keep him away from his assigned job. So, for his own good, we had to send him off." The lady gave her another big smile and straightened up. 

Illianya felt a weight lift from her chest. "So... what happened? At the lab, that is?" 

The lady sighed. "Well, okay, those idiots pushed both you girls too far. But, before that, they let what-and no insult meant towards Miss Vandyr-but they let her walk around without proper secure, safe, filter and isolating equipment, allowing a-and once again I hate to say this about poor Miss Vandyr-but she's a biohazard. And they let her just walk freely around the campus without a secure filter mask. Just a basic flu-mask. That's all. Brain-dead, tube-fed, shut-in psychopaths didn't give her a proper mask until after today's fiasco." 

Illianya stayed quiet, letting the woman simmer. 
