 (I apologize in advance for this being another short chapter. I hadn't written this part when I posted the first chapter, if I had I would have included this as part of chapter one. This chapter gives a brief background to the ring and how it works and I promise if you stick with me the story will pick up in the next chapter.)

(All characters depicted in any form of sexual activity are 18 years of age or older)

I would like to thank my editor Todger65

Chapter 2: Learning how it Works

It had taken some time but I had managed to cut through the lock that sealed this strange box. Inside I found an old notebook and a small cloth bag holding a strange ring. After examining the ring I turned my attention to the note book, the following is what I read.

***

Hello reader, if you are reading this you most likely are a descendant of mine, but whether you are or not the following is important to understand the ring you should have found with this book. Let me introduce myself I am Robert Jefferson Samuels, as I write this it is the year 1867 and I am 58 years old. I write this because I believe I am near death and what I know needs to be passed on.

First let me give you the history of the ring as far as I know it. I received the ring from my father who received it from his and so forth for generations. It entered into our family when Nathan O'Brian took it off a plague victim in Ireland in 1350. He only possessed it for about a year before he too was killed by the plague. His son took it off his body before it was disposed of. I can find no evidence that he or his son or the next generation or two knew of the rings true power.

The first time I find that the ring was used was by the first of my family to set foot on the New World, who used it with dealing with the Natives of this land. I have found journals of ancestors who used it as a weapon in every war that involved America since the French and Indian War, including myself in the War Between the States. 

I have not been able to prove any of the history before 1350 but have found a few legends that might be contributed to it. The only one I find most likely to be connected to our ring is a minor myth that I found from ancient Greece. 

The legend tells of a farmer who was visited by a god at night, but doesn't name the god, and was given a magical ring. He used the ring to form a great army that only fell when by chance the ring was cut from his finger in battle and lost. That is all I know of this man's life because according to the monk who possessed the scroll describing this myth, everything of his life was ordered destroyed by his enemies, and it was chance the scroll survived.

Now that you know at least some of its history let me tell you of the ring itself. It is made of gold and mounted with a large red stone which has a small blue stone placed in it. I have never been able to find a jeweler or geologist that can identify the stones or their origins. The stones are mounted in a fashion that allows the larger stone to turn. This is so the blue stone can be used to select one of the symbols carved around the stone. These four symbols determine how the ring is used.

Now the power of the ring. I know to those who have never experienced the ring this will be hard to believe but it gives you the ability to enter other people's bodies. As I said the symbols determine what the ring does. There are four symbols: The first symbol is a straight line and the simplest to understand. When it is selected the ring is inert or more simply put does nothing. The second is a circle. When selected the ring enables you to enter the body of another person with a touch to the skin. You gain control of their body without melding with their mind and when you leave their body they have no memories of what you did while in control. The third is a triangle. When selected you enter the person's body gaining no physical control but meld with their mind. The person knows of your presence and you can mentally communicate to each other. The fourth symbol is a square. When selected you enter the body without gaining physical control and they have no knowledge of your presence, but you gain access to their thoughts and memories.

As I said the ring has been used in wartime and as you can imagine it can be used to great effect. You can enter an enemy and learn their secrets or even lead them to defeat.

I should explain how to exit a body after entering, it is simple if you know how it is done. In simple terms to exit a person just imagine yourself turning the ring to the straight line or taking it off. Though you will not see the ring or any of your other clothes and belongings you still have them. I'm not really positive how that part works myself but it does.

Now I hope you use this power for the good of others. But I know several of my ancestors have used it for more selfish reasons, and others have simply locked it away never using it. In any case the ring is yours do with it what you wish.

***

The notebook also contained drawings, time lines, charts, maps and other information Samuels had on the history of the ring. I read it three times before putting it down. "No fucking way is this for real! I have to try this myself."

To be continued... 

(If you made it this far I thank you for reading.)