 Careful, careful... If this pick broke, I wouldn't get another chance... 

After the illithid had finally finished having sex with me, he had re-gagged me and locked the gag. Then he'd called an orc thrall and told him to lock me up in a cell. He'd also told the orc to give me back my clothes. I wondered at this, a little. It was a kindness I had not expected. However, it was also a big mistake. I kept a set of lockpicks concealed in my belt. 

The lock on the gag clicked open. I removed it, and then, frowning, worked my jaw around. The muscles were a bit stiff. The door would be a bigger challenge, with its hinges on the outside, and no keyhole inside, but there was a way. I began to sing softly. 

Unlike the illithid, I was no mind control expert, but I could use my song to suggest things to the weak willed. I suggested to the orc thrall on patrol that he wanted to have his way me. He resisted for longer than I had expected, but, eventually, he succumbed, and opened the cell door. 

Before he could do anything else, I smoothly transitioned to a lullaby. The orc swayed for a second, and then toppled over, snoring. I stepped over him, and made my way toward the entrance of the cave, still singing quietly. Anyone I encountered on my way out would hopefully fall asleep upon hearing it, possibly even before I knew they were there. Soon the cave entrance was in sight. I quickened my pace. 

Suddenly, near the entrance, a shadow moved. I caught a glimpse of catlike green eyes, and then I was frozen, unable to move. The lights flared to life, and I saw Serasis. 

-And here I thought you'd enjoyed our time together,- the illithid taunted. -You certainly seemed to be having fun at the time.-

I struggled against his mind control. I'd wondered if the illithid, powerful as he was, would be affected by my song. I guess I had my answer. 

-I knew the lockpicks were there, you silly child.- the illithid told me. -And the orc would not have succumbed to your song had I not allowed it. I wanted to see what you'd do.- He sighed. -It appears I have my answer.- He beckoned to me, and, against my will, I moved closer. -You do have quite the lovely voice, but you really are an apprentice, aren't you? I was expecting to feel a bit sleepy, at least, when you used your lullaby, but you have no real power. It makes your resistance to my domination even more of a puzzle.- 

-Now, you have a choice,- Serasis continued. -You can continue to try to escape me. I guarantee you will not succeed. Or you could give up. Come quietly. There are worse things than being my sex slave.- He chuckled. -Yes, much worse things.- 

He turned and headed back into the cave, and my body followed. I fought every step, but it was hopeless. 

-I take care of my own,- the illithid informed me. -I will take good care of you, if you will let me. Or you can continue your pointless resistance. Your choice.- 

I was locked back in the cell, this time without the gag. After a while, the orc brought me some food. I sang to him, but Serasis had been telling the truth. The orc resisted my song effortlessly. I ate, and then went to sleep. I would need to be well rested. Tomorrow was a new day, with new opportunities. If one of them was the opportunity to escape, well, I would take it. 

*

The next day, I sat on the illithid's lap once more, hands bound behind my back and legs straddling the illithid's muscular purple thigh. A spreader bar prevented me from closing my legs, and an arm around my waist held me in my seat. Not that I would have made it far if I did stand up. 

Serasis continued telling his story to Thom as he gently stroked and tweaked my nipples. . -The next time I needed to feed,- he said. -I deliberately chose a female victim, intending to put to use what the elf had taught me. The experience was, however, unsatisfying. The woman screamed and thrashed throughout the process, and experienced pain, which rather disrupted my own pleasure.- Once again, I closed my eyes, and let the past play out before me. 

*

Serasis looked down at the female. She was whimpering, terrified. -What did I do wrong?- he asked her. She just looked up at him, confused and frightened. With a sigh, he ate her brain. Then he returned to the slave pens. 

It took Serasis several minutes to find what he was looking for. Finally he spotted her; another elf dressed in the same rather revealing fashion as the one who had taught him about sex. She looked similar, too. Perhaps the two were related, he mused. 

When Serasis had her safely chained in his quarters, he released her mind. Then he asked the question again. It required some explanation. 

When he had finished explaining, she shook her head. "You kill my sister, after all she did was help you, and now you expect me to answer your question?" 

-I could tear the information I require from your mind,- Serasis threatened. 

She looked at him shrewdly. "No, you can't. Or you would already be doing it. I know a bit about you mind flayers. You tend not to be the patient sort. And you... You must be a young one. You haven't fully developed your powers yet. And you can't ask the others for help, because then they'd know what you're up to." 

-If you don't tell me, I'll kill you!- Serasis raged. 

She looked back evenly. "You'll kill me anyways after I answer you. You can't afford to put me back in the slave pens. Not with what I know." Then she shrugged. "You may as well kill me now. I'll tell you nothing." 

-Aren't you afraid to die?- Serasis wondered. 

"Not really. I've made my peace with death," she answered. 

-But you must fear pain,- he mused. 

The elf shrugged again. "I won't say I like it, but it won't get you your answer." 

She sounded like she meant it. Besides, if she screamed, someone might wonder what he was up to. 

Serasis began to pace. What to do? What to do? He wasn't sure he could live without the wonders of sex, now. Actually, he wasn't entirely sure he could live with them. Not with all the other mind flayers watching him, noting every odd behavior. He would have to run away soon. 

What if he ran away now? If the threat of painful death wouldn't make her answer him, how about the hope of life?

-What if,- he said slowly, -I were to let you go?-

She raised her eyebrows. "The other mindflayers would let you?" 

-No. But I cannot stay here forever. Not as I am. We could leave together,- he said. -Just tell me what I did wrong with the other female.- 

She looked up at him shrewdly. "I'll tell you after we're out of the city."

-Why not now?- Serasis asked. 

"I don't trust you," she countered. "But, I swear, on my honor as a ranger, I will tell you when we're out." 

Serasis thought about it for a moment. -You have a deal,- he finally said. -What weapons will you require?-

Getting a scimitar and a kukri from the armory didn't require much effort, or raise many suspicions. With the elven ranger armed, they made their way slowly out of the city. 

There were enough elven thralls in the city that an elf, even an armed elf, accompanying a young mind flayer didn't cause any comment. As they reached a tunnel out of the city, the elven ranger began to speed up. 

Serasis grabbed her shoulder. -We must be cautious. The tunnels out are all guarded.-

She snorted. "I don't see any guards."

Serasis pointed. 

"That's just a stalagmite," the ranger said. 

-No. It's a urophion. I presume you have heard of them?- said Serasis. 

"No," the ranger said, eyes narrowed. 

-It's the result of the illithid tadpole implantation process being used on a roper,- Serasis explained. -They're not very bright. I can keep its mind blast from affecting you, and prevent it from calling for help, but that will take all my concentration. You will need to kill it.- 

-Halt, who goes there?- the urophion called. It moved its tentacle like filaments away from its mouth, and opened its one eye. Now it was obviously not a stalagmite. It focused on Serasis. -You, young one, what are you doing heading out of the city?- 

-Now,- hissed Serasis. The elven ranger darted forward. The roper immediately sent out a call. Serasis blocked it, and protected the ranger from the mind blast that followed. He staggered backwards, gasping, and leaned against the wall, knowing he couldn't keep this up for long. 

The elven ranger moved with a grace he had never seen before, dodging the filaments the roper shot at her effortlessly. Her first slash with the scimitar hit vitals. She dodged another filament, and then a bite. Then her weapons moved in a blur as she slashed and dodged. Soon blood oozed from a dozen cuts in the urophion, some shallow, some not. Serasis watched in awe. 

Then his eyes widened as a filament hit its mark. The urophion began to draw her towards its mouth. Sweating now from the effort of blocking its communication with the rest of the illithid community, Serasis could do nothing but watch the fight. 

He needn't have worried. The elf slashed the filament in half easily, freeing herself. She blocked a bite with her forearm, jerked it free, and then struck the killing blow. With a last wheeze, the urophion died. The ranger wiped her swords clean, and then sheathed them. She began to walk swiftly down the tunnel, calling back, "Are you coming, or not?" Serasis shook himself, and then scurried to catch up. 

*

It was only later, when they were well away from the city, that she stopped to bandage her bleeding arm. -How bad is it?- Serasis asked. 

"Not bad. Be better if we had a cleric, but..." The elven ranger sighed. "I suppose we must make due with what we have."

-Can you show me what I did wrong now?- Serasis asked. 

"We ought to get farther from the city before we start fooling around. In fact, I'd prefer it if we waited until we were entirely out of the underdark," she answered. Then she turned, and began to walk briskly away once more. 

-At least tell me your name,- Serasis said, hurrying after her. 

For a moment, the elf was silent. "Mira," she finally said. "My name is Mira." 

*

Soon it was obvious they were lost. "You live down here," Mira hissed. "And you don't know how to find your way around?" 

Serasis sighed. -I've never been out of the city before,- he answered. -I did bring a map.- 

"Yeah, and it's of the wrong fucking part of the underdark!" Mira snapped. "We left via the southern exit, as far as I can tell down here in the dark, and you brought a map of what's north!" 

Serasis huffed. -Geography has never been my strong point.-

"Obviously," said Mira. "We're going to die. We'll wander around until we either stumble across something dangerous, or until we starve." She sighed. "We might as well stop for the night. I'll answer your question."

She set down her weapons, and briskly stripped. Serasis watched in awe as she revealed first her breasts, and then her pussy and ass. Her hair cascaded, blond and flowing, to the small of her back as she shook it out of a tight bun. Her breasts were like small moons, pale and faintly silvery, with a gravity that drew his eyes whether he liked it or not. Her nipples puckered out like little red gems, dainty and perfect. Her bottom, when she turned, was gorgeously round and full. And her pussy... -Mira...- he murmured. -You're so beautiful.- 

She nodded, accepting the compliment as her due. "Thanks." Then she gave him a once over. "Why are you still wearing clothing?" 

Serasis blinked. -Ummmm... Was I supposed to get undressed?- 

Mira rolled her eyes. "Obviously. You can't have sex that well in with clothes on." She paused. "That might be your mistake right there. Did you remember to undress last time, or did you-" 

-I remembered to remove my clothing,- Serasis snapped.

Mira nodded. "Good. Now, strip." 

Serasis was surprised to feel a sort of queasy, uncomfortable feeling as he took off his clothing. Was he nervous? Over having sex with this- This walking snack? 

Except, when he thought about her as food, he couldn't help wincing. She was more than that. She was- He didn't know. But she was more than a meal. 

When he stood naked before her, she gave him another once over, and smiled. "You know, for a tentacled monstrosity, you are surprisingly sexy. Purple dicks aren't usually my thing, but those dicks down there look downright delectable." She licked her lips. "But the purpose of this exercise isn't for me to suck cock, it's to teach you how to please a lady. Now, show me what you did last time." 

Slowly, Serasis approached her. Now he was definitely nervous. He lifted her up, positioned her over his cocks, and then- 

She put her hand up to stop him. "You went right to the endgame? This final course? Seriously?" 

Serasis set her gently down. -What else is there?- 

Mira shook her head and sighed. "We have a long way to go." She sat down on a large mushroom. "Let's start with the basics." She leaned back and spread her legs, baring her pussy. Serasis cocked his head, admiring the brown curly fuzz that adorned it, and the deep red of her mounds. 

She pointed to the beautiful red mounds. "These," she told him. "Are my outer petals. Pull them apart. Gently." 

Serasis knelt before her, a worshipper before the avatar of a goddess. Slowly, reverently, he pulled the ruby petals apart. The scent... It made his cocks quiver. He wanted the bury his face in it, inhale that scent, lick it with his tongue... Except mind flayers didn't have tongues. So where had that thought come from? 

Mira continued her lesson. "These are the inner petals, also known as the lower lips. And this little nub up top, that is the most important thing you will learn today. That is the clitoris. The pearl. The female version of the penis. Touch it." 

Without thinking, he reached a moist tentacle for the tiny gem, and grabbed it. 

Mira jerked. "Gods!" 

Serasis released the clit, startled by her surge of pleasure. 

Mira growled. "Keep going, damn it! You were doing great!" 

Hesitantly, Serasis grabbed her clit again, wrapping the thin tip of his tentacle around it, and massaging it on top. 

Mira drew in a shaky breath. "Try doing the same thing with my nipples." 

Serasis didn't do the exact same thing. Her clit was getting a gentle, moist massage, but something told him that the nipples required a slightly different approach. He grabbed both, squeezed, and gently twisted them back and forth. 

Mira tried to say something else. Mischievously, Serasis sped up his stimulation, turning her words into a long, drawn out moan. His hands went to his cocks, and he gripped them. Hesitantly, he showed her his pleasure at the touch. 

Mira gasped. "Oh, FUCK!" She spasmed. Liquid gushed from her pussy entrance, hitting him in the face. Had she just peed on him? That would be disgusting. But it didn't smell at all like urine. Hesitantly, he brought a drop to his mouth. Delicious. Could he make her squirt again? 

Mira had managed to talk. "You, you only need to keep this going long enough for a woman to get wet, and for her pussy to loosen up. That way it doesn't hurt. Then you can stick a dick in it. You can stop now."

Serasis cocked his head thoughtfully. -I'd rather not.- 

Mira arched, almost falling off the mushroom. Hurriedly Serasis steadied her with his free tentacle. Mira moaned. "D-don't w-want to m-move on?" 

-No,- Serasis told her, thinking quickly. It was obvious from his first encounter that women derived some satisfaction from being penetrated. What if...? He slid his free tentacle into her pussy. 

Mira jerked and whimpered. "On top, about a third of the way b-back. G-spot. Try." 

Serasis frowned. So, something called the g-spot was about a third of the way back on the top of the tunnel. Try what? To find it? How would he know when he'd located it? He prodded around experimentally. 

In retrospect, he needn't have worried about how to tell when he'd found it. Mira's passion spiked, and she screamed. Wetness squirted out of her pussy once more. His cocks throbbed with need. 

Serasis ignored them, patiently pinpointing exactly what made her squeal the loudest. When she gasped, "Enough," and tried to shove him away, he ignored her, except to take enough control of her to keep her from getting away. Her mind fluttered against his, made erratic by pleasure, as she tried to break free. He gripped her harder and used his powers to influence her emotions, pumping her full of pleasure until she couldn't think straight enough to resist. 

His eyes widened. She couldn't resist him. He'd been unable to overcome any humanoid's resistance well enough to make a thrall until now, but she wasn't resisting him. He could- 

No. Not her. Perhaps another, someday, but not her. He released her, mind and body, and stood. 

Mira slid off the mushroom. "Next time," she wheezed, "I ask you to stop, I'd like you to listen. You've kind of worn me out. You're," she yawned, "taking first watch." She curled up, and was asleep within seconds. 

He stared. She was sleeping. Willingly. In the underdark. In front of him. Trusting him to protect her from whatever might come out of the dark. Trusting him. Trusting him with her life.

Foolish of her. Or was it? After all, he thought as he sat down to wait, he did intend to protect her. 

Time passed. Dark time, as he had turned off their lamp to save oil. His mental powers would tell him if anyone approached. Silent time, save for her breathing, and a quiet drip, drip off in the dark. 

And then, he felt a mind, out there in the dark. Several minds, approaching swiftly. Drow. 

*

Back in the present, I opened my eyes as my stomach growled. Serasis chuckled. -Sounds like someone is ready for lunch.- 

Thom frowned. "I'd rather keep going." 

-But Kara is hungry. So, we will stop for now.- Serasis told him. 

Thom snorted. "I don't care if a slave is hungry." 

Serasis's eyes narrowed. -I do. We stop.- He raised an eyebrow. -Any more arguments?- 

Swallowing, Thom shook his head.