 The open landscape of the Misty Grove was beautiful, and mysterious. A perfect place to first try out this staff! Illyana was young, and first beginning her adventures, when she met Sam in a bar. After a long, taxing journey across Skyrim's landscape, into many cities and towns (as well as stumbling into the filthy nest of a hagraven!) Illyana found herself in the Misty Grove, meeting with Sanguine, and receiving his rose staff as a favour of admiration. A staff said to summon bound Dremora.

Illyana breathed heavily, holding the large staff in her right hand. She knew what she was doing was wrong, but curiosity built up in her loins too much to easily ignore. Perhaps it was all the drinking she did with the Daedric prince for the past few days that impaired her better judgement, but she had no cares at this point. Pointing the flowery tip of the thorned staff a few feet away from her, emanating magicka into the staff, she watched as a bright light began to emanate from the tip. Then in a flash, a Dremora was standing before her, his sword at the ready. 

"A challenger is near!" The immediate response came forth from the demon, but there were no foes around for him to fight. No bandits, dragons, or wild roaming beasts. Just Illyana, standing there in front of him, scantily clad in fur armour. The Dremora stopped for a moment, eyeing her, and she stepped forward.

"A challenger I'm sure you didn't expect." Illyana purred. 

"Do not underestimate my knowledge, little human." The Dremora stepped forward, re-sheathing his sword with a wicked grin. He walked forward so close to Illyana, that she could feel the heated energy coming off of his black and red skin. "Are you sure you're up for this challenge, girl?" Illyana's knees buckled at the thought, but she was sure of what she desired. 

Illyana stepped even closer, just a few inches apart from the Dremora, and reached behind her to unfasten the leather straps holding her fur armour up. The top slipped to the floor, revealing her pert breasts. Her rose coloured nipples standing at attention in the frosty air of the grove. She pushed her chest forward so that her breasts rubbed against the chest plate of the Dremora before her. He grunted in satisfaction as he brought his hands up to roughly grab them. His twisting and kneading the tender flesh caused Illyana to cry out in surprised pleasure. The Dremora grinned in unimpressed pleasure as he roughly pulled Illyana's nipples harder, causing him to give a hearty laugh as she tripped forward into him.

"On your knees, adventurer." The Dremora's rough tone growled in anticipation. Without warning, his hands were pushing Illyana down to her knees with little effort. "Unbuckle." He ordered. Illyana gulped down her own anticipation as she reached up to undo the leather fastenings holding the demon's armored bottoms up. They fell to the floor with a metal clank, revealing the soft cloth beneath. Illyana could already tell the great size of the Dremora's manhood, not even half-erect, it jutted out beneath he cloth like the cock of a horse. Illyana gasped aloud as the demon ripped off the cloth covering his half-erect cock, revealing the true monster is was. At it's current state, the thick, vein-lined prick was at what seemed to be ten inches long. Illyana grasped the monster between her petite hands, not even able to touch fingers around it's girth. Starting slowly, she moved her hands up and down along the demon's shaft, bringing the beast to life. It sprang at attention slowly, the blood flow bringing it near to thirteen inches. With little patience left with the stroking, the Dremora shoved away Illyana's hands, and held her head in his grasp. This caused a shocked gasp to escape her lips, and taking advantage of the opportunity, the Dremora shoved the tip of his cock into Illyana's tiny waiting mouth. He pushed the head past her plump, pink lips and began to drive further into her throat, causing her to cough and thrash on his rod - which only spurred him on deeper. She began to breathe through her nose calmly, trying not to choke on the monster in her mouth. Soon she felt the head of the Dremora's cock reach the back of her throat, and then down a little further. He grunted his satisfaction at being hilted in her mouth that he pulled out, almost completely, and shoved himself back in. Illyana muffled a yelp against the thick shaft in her mouth as the demon pulled and thrusted into her mouth over and over, growing in speed as the moments pressed on. 

Soon his rapid pace began to become too much for Illyana. His grunting and satisfaction turning her on deeply, as her pussy began to moisten at the squelching gurgling coming from her throat and mouth at the Dremora's use of her. It felt like forever had passed since she was suffocated on the large manhood of the demon, and soon she felt his pace growing more rapid, shortening in length of thrust, though he kept himself buried deep down her throat. His short, deep thrusts grew more frantic and finally she felt him unload himself down her throat, and she almost choked on the sheer amount of it, some had even come up into her mouth and spilled out around the demon's cock. Once he was done burying himself down her throat in release, he pulled his great length out of her lips with a POP and sighed. Illyana was grateful for the ability to breathe more freely, her own desire growing as she felt the demon's seed swimming around in her stomach. She licks her lips, and looking up at the standing Dremora, saw that his cock was fully erect again, and waiting on her. However, the Dremora's patience was short in his aroused state of mind, and he grabbed her up by her hair. Illyana let out a short whimper as the demon dragged her over to a small mossy ledge just high enough for her to be laid upon. He threw her body down and without warning or hesitation thrust himself deep into her pink folds. Illyana screamed out as she was almost torn in half by the large demonic member. He left it still for a moment, the walls of her pussy tenderly throbbing around the demonic shaft, trying to get used to it's large size. The demon began with short, deep thrusts. Dragging his manhood in and out of her slowly, until her pussy was lubricated enough again to get going more comfortably.

The moment Illyana's soft whimpers turned into soft moans, the Dremora burst forth into hurried thrusting, his large balls slapping against her petite ass roughly. His clawed hands were wrapped around Illyana's ankles, holding her legs high above her. Each time the head of his cock hit her core, Illyana felt a surge of overwhelming pleasure rack through her body. She began to move in tandem with him, bringing her hips up and meeting him thrust for thrust. His thrusting took on a rougher tempo as he felt her reactions to him. His rough grunting only spurring on Illyana's pleasure, her emotions on high as her body shook with goose bumps. The Dremora soon let go of Illyana's ankles, pulled out his large dick, and picked her up by her waist. He flipped her over quickly, on her hands and knees in the moss, and plunged himself back into her, the new angle causing her to cry out with renewed pleasure as his cock reached deeper inside of her. The ridged of his demonic rod were pressing against her soft core, and soon she felt her pleasure growing to it's first peak. The Dremora felt her first orgasm coming on, and spurred himself on faster.

"Come on, adventurer," the Dremora's husky baritone rattled her insides, "cum for your Master." And with that remark she lost it. Illyana screamed out, her walls contracting and releasing on the demon's prick as her juices squelched and gushed around him. The demon never stopped his thrusting, the tender sensitive walls of her pussy were pulsating as he continued on. He was overcome with a wicked idea, and brought a large clawed hand down to the sensitive nub hidden in the folds of her pussy. He pressed down upon her button roughly, and began to twist and rub her overly sensitive clit until she was crying out loudly. He could feel another release coming on to her, so he quickened the pace of his work on her tender clit. His circular rubbing spurred her on, and he thrust deep inside of her over and over until she was creaming all over his cock once more, her body shaking uncontrollably with the overwhelming pleasure she was experiencing.

The Dremora released her sensitive nub, and soon just grabbed her hips with his clawed hands. Gripping her skin roughly, he began to push himself farther and deeper into her at a masterful pace. The loud slapping of their skin and Illyana's continual mewls of pleasure filling the air, the demon started to grunt, quickening his pace for his coming release. He could feel his orgasm growing in his hardening balls, and he smirked to himself at how much he was about to unload deep into the waiting, hungry pussy of this poor little human fool. He couldn't wait for their spawn to be birthed, fully grown, and to watch his likeness fuck it's mother. The thoughts proved to be almost too much as the demon's cock spasmed inside of the walls of the adventurer. He pushed himself to the edge, holding back his orgasm until he went a little further.

He brought his pace to an almost break neck speed, roughly digging his claws into the tender flesh of Illyana's hips, causing her to cry out at the release of her blood. The metallic smell filled the demon's nostrils, and soon he couldn't hold on anymore. Soon his thrusting became short and deep in the girl's depths, and within seconds he was screaming roughly at his own great release. His cock spasmed and sputtered so much seed deep into the girl's awaiting pussy that it began to fill up and spill out of her opening. The demon kept thrusting into her, burying his cock deeper and deeper until the release from his shaft was over. His cock growing softer with each deep thrust until he pulled out, slipping from her depths with a sigh. He looked down at the wrecked and exhausted girl. He smiled down at the seed leaking from her.

The Dremora could feel the magicka beginning to wear off, his body beginning to disintegrate with it's loss. 

He would have to come back and visit this human, if she doesn't call upon him again first.