 Chapter 1 – Close Encounter

*** Please note that this is a science fiction story set on modern-day Earth, which covers the rather eclectic fetish of causing women to lay eggs. Among other things, it also has both male-female and female-female scenes, and some incest – but those are later. If those aren't your thing, well, if you already clicked on sci-fi erotica about aliens, it probably won't be long before you get there. Bookmark this story and come back later when you change your mind.



Isaac jolted awake out of the blue, suddenly feeling a shock of alertness throughout his body as though someone had put smelling salts under his nose. He automatically took in a deep breath while he surveyed his surroundings, and the rational part of his brain brought itself together out of the foggy depths of his already-forgotten dreams. When he could finally think, he realized something was very wrong.

*This isn't where I went to sleep...* Isaac peered all around, and then further noticed what else was bothering him; he had awoken standing up. Glancing down at his feet, his mind reeled. He wasn't just in a standing position, he was literally suspended in midair. He could still feel the pull of gravity, but it was as if invisible clamps were fastened on his thighs, calves, torso, arms, even his neck. The room he was in was cluttered, looking vaguely like a surgical ward – a narrow bed was off to his left, with bright lights shining down above onto it.

Tables and consoles were set almost haphazardly throughout the room, and the walls seemed to be entirely composed of some kind of metallic cabinetry or lockers.

Some were open, revealing a selection of items that reminded him of a hospital – vials and bags filled with unnamed substances of various colors, inscrutable tools and parts, and what appeared to be flickering white and blue displays on a couple surfaces. Many more surfaces had the same-shaped areas on them as the displays, but were dark. *Broken equipment?*, he speculated.

Holding himself still, Isaac willed himself to awake again. He finally had to admit to himself that where he was, was real; dreams were never this lucid, and he remembered hearing that once you ask yourself if it's a dream, you either wake up right then, or it isn't one. Still, he had no idea what was going on. How did he end up here? What was this place?

Looking more closely at the various things in the room, he realized the labeling on all of it and the text he could make out on the displays was just as foreign. It actually looked nothing like any script he'd ever seen before, and he'd been through twenty-four countries and six continents.

He couldn't get a close look at it from where he was, but he was sure even from his distance that he was looking at something very strange. The whole place actually looked somewhat run-down; the metal of the walls, unpainted, seemed pitted and scratched, and the edges all had the marks of long-term wear and tear. There was a heavy industrial feel to it, and everything seemed built to last, but he couldn't help but get a sense that the place was very old and somehow outdated.

Unable to move regardless, Isaac had no options. He called out loud.

"Hello? Hellooo?"

He went silent, waiting and quieting his own breath in the hopes of hearing someone, or anything really. All he heard was distant mechanical sounds – the low hum of what sounded like a worn-down air conditioner, the regular and distant clang of metal on metal as some unknown machine clunked through its task in poor maintenance.

"My name is Isaac Butler. I'm stuck here. Can anyone come help me?"

Still no response.

"I'm an American citizen... Kidnapping is not cool. People get cruise missiles through their bedroom window for this kind of thing, you know."

The silence was getting to him. Was he completely alone here? Panic began its slow creep out of its already minimal containment.

"I'll give you a doughnut." He didn't have anything on him really, just the forty bucks in his wallet. The light pressure of it in his back pocket he could still feel, at least.

Suddenly a section of the wall on the far side of the room seemed to crack, then slide inward toward him a couple inches. Steam or pressurized air escaped for an instant, then the top and bottom halves each retreated into the ceiling and floor, respectively. His admiration of the unusual engineering choice was broken when he saw who was on the other side. A naked woman stood in the threshold, staring at a floating display of information over her forearm.

"Hi, can you help – oh shit, are you okay?" As she strode inwards, not responding at all to anything he said, he noticed how strange she looked. Her skin was a bright red color, not like she was injured or sunburned – it was like she was just naturally... red. She had small spots on and around her in places which were mostly yellow but also shaded into a light teal color in places.

The look was surreal, and yet her skin seemed totally natural to her at the same time; he could tell it wasn't make-up or some wild tattoo job, that this was how this woman really looked. The only thing normal about her was her eyes, which were a particularly bright but otherwise normal-looking blues.

The woman, whom he was increasingly noticing was completely naked, was in good shape; she had the lithe and impressive build of an athlete, her waist toned and supported by supple, strong legs. Her breasts swung pleasingly as she turned and passed another bed; they were bright red orbs suspended in front of her, looking quite shapely – especially for a woman who apparently didn't bother with a bra. At a guess he would have put her at a C-cup.

Her face was delicate and would have been beautiful without the severe expression she wore, like a woman focused on a critical yet grim task; still, he thought she looked amazing and more exotic than any other woman he'd ever seen, anywhere in the world. Around her head hung long, simple black hair, straight and shiny down to just above her shoulders; it had no particular hairdo or decoration to it, though it seemed well-kept. Suspended though he was about six inches up in the air, she still seemed short, probably five and a half feet – a couple inches less than his own nearly six.

She glanced at him, making no acknowledgement of anything he said, and flicked her wrist. The hovering display of information vanished. She walked up to his face, only inches away. Isaac felt a little bolder.

"Hello – I'm Isaac Butler. I speak English. Do you? Um, I also speak Portuguese and Arabic. Você fala Português?"

Her expression wilted his resolve before he could try Arabic. The woman turned her attention away to the display, which had suddenly reappeared. She appeared to make some kind of final notation on it before closing it again. Isaac decided that if she understood him at all, she clearly had no intention of responding. He steeled himself.

"Listen – can I go? I mean, I didn't mean to wake up in your crazy naked red people land, I'm sure it was a misunderstanding. When I get back I'll be sure and find the guy who was supposed to be here and let him know. How's that sound?"

The woman's fingers brushed his sides and waist, almost as if she was measuring him, but he felt a hint of sensuality to it. While he wouldn't say her touch was unwelcome – bizarre though she looked – his mind was focused elsewhere at the moment. One hand went to the waistband of his pants, so casually and unceremoniously that he didn't notice when she slid her fingers beneath and he felt her warm grip on his flaccid cock.

"Uhh – Good morning!" He choked on his words as she gave him an experimental squeeze, and tilted her head as if considering the results. The woman pulled her hand out as quickly as she'd put it in, and seemingly made another note on her floating screen. Still more confused than he'd ever been in his life, the woman suddenly grabbed his t-shirt and, without any obvious effort, ripped it open easily.

Stunned, he could only try not to yell as she then moved down to his pants; she gripped the waistband of both his jeans and underwear at once, in both hands, and suddenly he felt a tightness against his ass as she gathered up the fabric and tore it in half as well. His clothing lay in shreds on the floor below. Isaac's still-flaccid dick hung low, swinging slightly as his hips struggled against their invisible confines.

The woman came upward a little, almost but not quite to head level. She was of an average height, maybe five feet and six inches. Her deep eyes met his own and he wanted to shy backward from the predatory gleam in them. He didn't even realize for a moment when she began to speak.

"Taansu-kæghne wäikuri zhót. Vinthane, tralahira."

Isaac's face went blank as he tried to wrap his head around the unintelligible nonsense. While he wouldn't call himself a globe-trotter, Isaac had been to more places than most people had in their lives, and he had heard all of the world's major languages spoken – at length. It sounded like nothing even close to any of them. Another part of him noticed her voice was low and husky, not unattractive but very distinct.

*Was that one of those tribal languages spoken by only a few people?* Isaac wasn't aware of any tribes of fire-engine red people anywhere in the world.

The red girl crouched down on her haunches, inspecting his dick, then stood back up suddenly and giving him a knowing smile. It was the first real expression she'd made since walking in, but she was still silent. Despite himself, the sight of any kind of happiness – hard-edged or not – on her pretty face, on top of the sight of her nude and very exotic looks set off some process inside him; it began sending blood into his cock and it slowly begin to stand.

She noticed, taking his length in a closed fist, and went down onto her knees in front of him. Staring up the whole time into his eyes, her bright red and orange-shaded hands played along his length for a couple moments, and he gasped when she gave a sudden, single lick to his head.

"Who *are* you?" He said it between breaths, his own arousal quickly increasing – faster than he'd ever known it to. It was as if his hormones were being dumped forcefully into his bloodstream, filling his thoughts with sexual energy that he could barely contain.

The woman didn't answer his question, only holding his dick in both hands and then making as if to pull it away from his body. The force she was using increased, and he felt sparks of pain at the base of his dick – then the sensation seemed to shift and turn into great warmth. The woman turned and her mouth quickly closed over his cockhead, and her head began bobbing up and down. Isaac moaned, and his eyes grew wide as he began to notice something. Every time his dick popped out of her mouth, it was actually getting larger.

He thought it was just his eyes messing with him on the first couple strokes, or his too-rapid erection finally reaching its maximum size, but by the fifth stroke he knew his dick was bigger than it had ever been in his life, and still growing. Heat and power flowed along his shaft, the wetness and warmth of her mouth and tongue laving his pole all around as he felt its mass and size increase. The width of its base widened as well, and in between glances he saw his trimmed pubic hair apparently getting shorter of its own accord.

The heat spread beyond his cock, out into his body, and he felt muscles and tendons tighten. He wasn't sure, but he felt a little heavier, a little more solid somehow.

After a minute or so of expert cock-sucking, her mouth opened and released him, his hard and now very heavy dick flopping downward under its own weight to point directly outward like the hand of a compass. It was unmistakably much larger than it had been before. He felt more energetic and powerful than before, too; looking at his arms and chest, he could clearly see that somehow she'd made him stronger. Isaac stared down at himself, amazed.

Isaac – a typical Caucasian male of mixed European ancestry – had, prior to this, been just short of six feet tall, and kept himself well-tanned with frequent outdoor activity and trips to the beach for the surfing hobby he still enjoyed, though he was now slightly over thirty years old. He kept his hair close-cropped, and was more of a runner than a bodybuilder, but he wouldn't consider himself skinny or frail.

Like most men, he had his history of ex-girlfriends, but his was shorter than most; a late bloomer, Isaac had only ever had three serious girlfriends, and it hadn't worked out in the end with any of them. He had often felt held back by his not quite impressive dick, but it wasn't the headline of his own perceived shortcomings. Looking at himself now, he would have guessed his body was the same general size and shape, color and build, just a little more built and subtly enhanced – aside from his now *much* larger penis.

The woman extended one brilliant red index finger, waved it in front of his bewildered face, and before he could wonder what was going on, the finger touched against the pre-come-dripping head of his enlarged cock. He felt a rush of sensitivity, the slight touch of the one slender finger sending a shudder throughout his whole body, then another sensation.

While the woman's body was nice to look at, albeit strange, he wouldn't have said he was too horny to think just prior to that moment – the surprise blowjob had had its effect, but if he had to describe his state of mind, he would have chosen 'confused as hell' – yet in seconds, his arousal began to ramp up out of nowhere all over again, though this time with much greater power. His erection, once just a physical after-effect of the woman's attention to it, now matched the raging inferno of desire burning inside him. Whatever primary color her skin was, there was a hot, naked woman in front of him *right now*, and he wanted to grab her and fuck her until she couldn't even stand up.

Raring against his constraints, he managed a pathetic, half-inch thrusting motion with his hips – his body still totally constrained by the invisible force. The woman made a deliberate, unmistakably sultry walk back to the bed, and made a show of leaning herself over it and displaying her ass and dark pussy, pointing straight at him. Her head turned, staring at him with a knowing smile, and the display over her forearm flickered to life for an instant, then disappeared again.

The pressure against his body suddenly vanished, and he fell the short distance to the ground, landing on his heels and taking a few surprised moments to regain his balance. The fiery hormones in him weren't interrupted by the disturbance, and as soon as he was on flat feet he immediately rushed over to her and grabbed her by the waist.

A slight rocking motion in her hips was all the signal he needed. She wanted it, he knew. That was fine with him, because he was so horny at that moment that he'd have fucked her regardless. Taking only a few moments to line himself up and tease the pink folds of her entrance, he pushed his steel-hard cock against her opening and felt her body's reluctance to allow such a large invader within.

She moaned, the second sound he'd heard out of her at all, and her tightness began to slowly abate, the head of his dick gradually entering her. Once the crown was inside, he took a moment to revel in the sensation, then continued to push, opening his eyes and looking down at her – she was gritting her teeth and bunching up the bed's sheets in her fists. There was a distant voice inside his mind – that he hadn't meant to hurt her, to slow down – but the blazing eroticism overrode everything in his head, driving his every thought into a singular purpose: to fuck this red woman until he was utterly satisfied.

His shaft reached further inside her, sliding into her more easily as she relaxed herself, and he suddenly felt the base of his cock resting against her wet pussy lips. The contrast of her bright red skin – *what the hell is with that?* – against his tan was strange, but somehow exciting. It felt adventurous, if anything. Letting his cock rest deep inside her, he felt primally male, and indulged a stray whim; leaning down, he laid a kiss on the side of her neck, which seemed to surprise her.

He continued, nibbling at her ear briefly, which actually seemed to tickle her a little and draw a smile out of her for an instant, then suddenly she looked serious again, apparently having caught herself having fun. Determined to see another moment of her perfect guard breaking down, he leaned back up and suddenly withdrew himself, then slammed his cock all the way back in, slapping against her and sending a ripple through the muscle of her ass.

With one free hand, he began to stroke and fondle her ass and thighs, and he began fucking her again as he reached her firm breasts. Not huge, not small, the red flesh felt perfect in his hand, well-shaped and warm, firm yet pliable, and her large, erect nipple pressed in the center of his palm. He felt the globe in his hand try to wobble around as her body shook with the force of his thrusts, and took the nipple in his fingers and gave it a light pinch. She moaned again, staring into his eyes, and he could tell he'd gotten to her; desire was now infused into her own mind as well, not just the boring, somehow businesslike demeanor she'd had when she started.

Isaac mixed up his thrusts, tilting her ass downward somewhat to accommodate a more upward motion, then alternating from side to side with his thrusts. Wanting to explore her more and force her to feel at least some of the enjoyment he felt at being allowed such intimate contact with her exotic body, Isaac's hand slid down her flat stomach and found her bare mons, then, searching the wet folds of her core, found her clit.

He felt her legs stiffen as an electric impulse jolted her whole body, both in surprise and pleasure. Isaac almost laughed at the wide-eyed shock on her face and her audible gasp as his fingers continued to gently manipulate her clit, sliding over the tiny nubbin. She made a long 'unngghhh' sound – English or not, her meaning was clear; he was finally affecting her, and he felt his confidence bolstered.

The fun-loving part of him wanted to continue the games, trying to elicit more reluctantly granted sexual reactions out of this mysterious red girl. Her entrancing body was having its effect on him, though, her wet and tight pussy wrapped around his dick, her slender red body open and lewdly displayed for his pleasure – he wasn't sure if he would be able to fight down his impending orgasm long enough to make her come too. Reopening his eyes for a moment, he noticed the red woman staring at him, her eyes narrowed and focused, and looking somewhat angry at him – or just concentrating, he couldn't tell.

Isaac felt something within himself, a growing... connection, to this woman, somehow. For reasons he couldn't guess at, he suddenly felt like he'd known her for a long time – not love exactly, more just a close and intimate bond. Her presence also took on another form in his mind, her presence growing larger in his mind, commanding and dominant. After these feelings grew, he felt something inexplicable happen, and the feelings solidified – in a culminating instant, becoming permanent.

Isaac he felt his balls quickly begin to boil, his own arousal being pushed along by some mysterious force further and further, robbing him of the chance to make her come, compelling him to bring himself off deep inside her as soon as possible. Grunting again and gripping her hips tightly, he focused on his own dick and redoubled his pace, plunging in and out of her pussy faster and faster. The rapid animal fucking seemed to affect her too, and she closed her eyes and seemed to simply surrender herself to it, holding still and almost panting, probably focused inward on her own pleasure as well.
