 Clara's finger traced down the length of Isaac's shoulder, intriguing the redhead with its bulk and well-defined muscle. The two were sharing the lounge chair on the deck of his condo, nine stories up; they'd finished breakfast minutes ago and had decided to take their conversation outside, revealing their inner thoughts about each other over all the time they had worked together and kept each other at arm's length for one reason or another.

"I keep thinking I'm going to wake up." Clara poked him. She had found her bra and panties, but hadn't bothered to put anything else back on. Isaac was wearing long drawstring pants and no shirt.

"I've been thinking that for a long time now." He brushed her red curles aside and kissed the nape of her neck, making her smile and close her eyes for a moment.

"What's it like? What else did she change besides this?" Her knee bumped his cock, still heavy even flaccid in his pants.

"My libido is barely controllable anymore. Every time I do this eggs thing for Nall, it changes me a little more. It seems to mostly be finished, though, it barely did anything to me at all last night when I..." He trailed off, searching Clara's expression.

"Made me lay eggs?" She smiled back.

"Yeah. Filled you up with Nall's eggs." Isaac kept himself from making his sigh of relief too sudden. That there was a beautiful woman -- two, actually, it seemed -- who would willingly subject themselves to the 'treatment' his new and expanded cock gave to the women he made love to, seemed too good to be true. For a week Nall had been mind-controlling girls into bed with him, making them bisexual so she could make love to them first and prepare their bodies to receive his potent semen, which would make their bodies expand with the eggs Nall needed to repopulate the extinct, human-like 'imnir' she was the last remaining member of.

"Filled me up..." She kissed his cheek, then nibbled his ear. "... with little imnir eggs..." Clara shook her hips suddenly. "It's so weird, but so hot! Oh, I can't wait to do it again."

"Will have to wait until later today. She said more than once every 24 hours is dangerous, chemical balance or something."

"I know. Relax, even I can contain myself." Clara grinned. 

"Are you sure Nall didn't do anything in your head?" While, in a way, Isaac trusted Nall when she said Clara had worked with her shortly -- very closely, it seemed -- after his abduction, there was also a little voice in his head that made him want to ask the question. *Then again, that same voice told me not to do a lot of things that I ended up liking...*

"I'm sure. She did use it on me early on, to make me stay quiet and not call the police or anything. But it was very different, I know what it feels like now. Honestly?" Clara looked up, remembering. "She... isn't very good at it, I think. Something about it just seems really, I don't know, hamfisted? I can't make myself believe Nall could use her power to make me feel everything I do now." She glanced back at him. "That good enough?"

"Good enough for me." He snuggled her a little closer with the arm that was wrapped around her; his hand patted her back. "God damn, I wish I'd approached you sooner."

"So do I. But I'm just glad we're together now." She kissed him, and it lasted longer than either expected. It broke almost a minute later, and she continued. "We do have a lot of catching up to do. I wonder how much time Nall will let us have together..."

There was a sudden shout from inside, and both instantly recognized the throaty voice. Isaac groaned. "Speaking of..." The sliding door slammed open, and in the doorway was the bright red Nall -- her alien coloration restored after her egg-laying last night. Isaac hadn't known that impregnating her again would cause her to lose the human-like coloration she'd made him give her more than a week ago, but he enjoyed the sight anyway. Somehow, Nall looked more like herself, cute yet utterly foreign. Currently, she also looked very angry and confused.

"What the *hell*, Isaac! Did you do this to me last night? I *told* you not to test me!" Indignation and fury burned in her eyes; given the power over him and others she'd displayed, he probably should have been justifiably scared. For some reason, at the moment, he felt a strange confidence he couldn't put his finger on the source of. He saw she was holding an item in her hand -- he looked closer, and saw it was the bent warp beacon from last night.

"No, I didn't, you went back to looking, uh, normal, from the moment you began laying eggs." Shortly after he'd impregnated Clara, his red-headed former assistant and now lover had insisted that Nall be given the same treatment. For the first time in more than a week, he'd gotten to slide his cock into Nall's warm, wet pussy, and fill her up with eggs. Isaac's eyes narrowed. "But then, I didn't have to tell you that, Nall. Why didn't you just read my mind?" He was asking himself as much as her.

"I told you before. I can't, and wouldn't bother to, read every damn thought going through your head." She folded her arms. When she'd copied the contents of his brain's language center on top of her own, not only had she apparently forgotten the bulk of the native imnir languages she spoke, she'd also begun to pick up the common non-verbal language that Isaac used. It makes her easier to read than she probably realizes...

"Really?" Isaac turned, easily moving Clara's skinny body along with his own weight as he sat up and sideways on the lounge chair, his elbows on his knees. "I would think that would be a pretty critical detail to not check first."

Nall was silent, looking even angrier. *Why is she so pissed off?* Isaac wondered to himself. *She has to know she can just do it to herself again. And it's not like she's planning on laying lots of eggs herself, that's why she keeps putting these other women in front of me.* Suddenly his alien captor spoke up again. "Well, come inside and get dressed. I want more waffles." Now she sounded almost petulant, like a child who wanted ice cream in exchange for silence. Isaac sighed.

Clara stood, butting into the awkward silence. "Um -- I'll go wake up Jessica and see if she wants to go." Isaac nodded, and remained out on the deck to speak with Nall. He knew she'd noticed that Nall wasn't budging, despite her announcement. His mistress wanted to talk to him, or more accurately, he guessed she wanted to have it out or simply mind-control him.

"Nall, relax, would you? How many eggs last night? Three hundred and fifty or so, right? Maybe four hundred? So you're red again. You look better this way, honestly, and you know I can turn you back whenever."

She looked away. "You're right. Fine. Let's go." Despite the apparent capitulation, Nall didn't sound at all satisfied with the resolution.

Isaac's mind suddenly felt facts fall into place and grabbed her arm as she turned. He looked up at her, grinning. "Nall."

"What?" She almost spat it out.

"What number am I thinking of?" Isaac focused hard on the number 5.

Nall stared at him intently, then her eyes widened. She suddenly looked away again. "It doesn't matter. Let's go."

"When did it start, Nall?" Isaac refused to let go of her arm. His alien companion was silent for a time, then turned back to him. She wasn't able to contain her emotions anymore; it was clear how frustrated and angry with herself she was.

"I don't know, a day ago maybe. I hate it. I'm going to fail. You're going to walk out and I'm going to be left here on this goddamn planet that doesn't even have slide-lines and the whole mission will be for nothing and-" Isaac grabbed her by the shoulders, wanting her to stop. He'd never expected Nall to suddenly have a breakdown; from the start, Ävhip-ñall Solclaá had been invincible, all-knowing, a canny and mysterious woman from outer space here to take command of his whole existence. Not knowing what else to do, Isaac hugged her to him. He saw behind her as he held the bright red woman that Clara and Jessica were outside the door of his bedroom, standing still and trying not to make any noise. Jessica, still naked, had found her panties and was halfway through stepping back into them.

"Is it everything? All of the quarkware? Or just that?"

"Just that. I'm not sure if it's me getting weaker or you getting stronger. I'm hoping it's just you getting stronger, actually." She arched her back to get a little distance, still holding him back. "Don't get me wrong. I just mean I hope I'm not getting weaker. I can only bond one man, you know." She thought for a moment, then looked down at herself, her red breasts with their orange and teal spots on their sides swaying slightly with the motion. "Though actually... if you did this to me, it makes more sense if you're gaining power than if I'm losing it."

Nall seemed somewhat relieved at the thought, though also somewhat lost in her own thoughts as she apparently figured out the technical side of the problem. She seemed to notice what was in her hand again, the bent warp beacon -- he'd bent it after he finished with it last night, just to see if he could. *A dumb idea in hindsight, but okay...* "It also explains why you can bend a spiralized strontium-brachium tube with your bare hands. Even I can't do that. Tell me exactly what happened, I was a little... uhh... out of it." Nall tried to hide her admission that she'd been lost in a sea of pleasure, and not very successful.

"I told you, it happened when you started laying eggs. I figured it was some weird side effect."

"It can't work that way." Nall shook her head. "You would have had to do it to me with the secondary effect of your semen. This doesn't make sense. The bond worked by spreading some of my quarkware into your body, about half, but it was all still supposed to ultimately be *my* quarkware. I was supposed to be the vessel, you the bonded male. But you've taken control of your half, which is why you had the effect on my body as you did, and why I can't read your mind or control you anymore. Instead of vessel and bearer, we're two vessels linked to each other. I don't know why it happened. Maybe you were too strong. Maybe we didn't understand quarkware like we thought. Maybe... I was just weak." She seemed to think to herself for a moment, then nodded. "None of it makes sense, but there's no way I can do diagnostics on the Ark with what I have here. The bottom line is that I've lost control of you." He could tell she was fighting not to lose control of her own frustration, as well; she looked angry enough with herself to cry if she'd been alone.

"Well, uh, that's good news for me, I guess -- but I don't remember any climactic battle with the stuff. I just woke up this morning and noticed you seemed not to be able to read me." Isaac pondered for a moment. "Unless... Nall, maybe it's not what *I* wanted -- maybe it's what *you* wanted." She seemed shocked, then absolutely furious. Nall raised her hand as if to slap him. Isaac flinched, knowing how powerful Nall was, but she seemed to suddenly crumple before following through. Isaac sensed the opportunity and continued. "It just means you're a decent person, Nall."

She was silent for a time, and Isaac pulled his alien companion towards him; she didn't resist, and soon he had her in his embrace. Nall's head was flat against his chest for some time, more leaning against him than hugging him back; she seemed unmindful of their closeness, lost in her own meandering, dark thoughts. She finally sighed and stepped back, sitting down in her chair again, and looked upwards. "I don't know what to think anymore."

*I'm probably not going to get any further with her until she's had some time to mull this over*. "So what does this mean for me? You turned red again, and I have some kind of control of... what?"

"It means when you fucked me last night, you were thinking you liked how I used to look, and on some level you commanded your quarkware to make me look imnir again -- the same way it turned me human-looking when I put the command in it, but this time it's you at the wheel and not me. Your cock will always make girls pregnant with eggs, provided I've done my thing first. That's the most basic function of the male half of the Ark, it can't be shut off. But you might also get more physical power over time if it bonds to your motor control center more thoroughly." Nall flopped down into a chair, and folded her arms. "I thought you would have taken off by now. Or are you just drilling me for everything I know first?" She sounded angry, but more at herself than him.

"Actually..." He glanced at the other two girls, holding still and listening in on their conversation. "I talked it over with Clara. If you can abide by a few restrictions, I'm willing to be your, uh... partner." Nall seemed surprised, as if she hadn't considered it. She looked over at Clara, who smiled and nodded. Jessica seemed out of it, still waking up and having lost the thread of conversation.

Nall's eyes took on a suspicious cast. "What restrictions?"

"No more mind-controlling random girls out of the blue. We take it slow, pick them right. You don't start messing with people's heads without me or Clara signing off on it first." In actuality, Clara and Isaac hadn't agreed on any such thing, but they hadn't disagreed either. Isaac was making it up as he went and hoping Clara had no problem. From her bright expression, he was guessing there was none. "And if there we don't find any that day, there'll always be Clara." He sat down opposite Nall. "And you."

"And me!" Jessica piped up, then seemed to shrink into herself after the outburst. All three others looked at her, and Clara took her by the waist and smiled. Jessica, shorter by almost a whole head, leaned into Clara and took on a happy glow.

Nall turned back from Jessica along with the others, forgiving the eager girl's loud interjection. She gave Isaac a fierce look. "I -- that wasn't supposed to be possible, me laying that many. That may have been another effect of you taking control of your own quarkware. I can't really predict how it will develop inside you."

"I know. But I want to do it to you again." He took her knee in his hand, pushing it sideways and looking down at Nall's openly displayed folds. The alien woman had absolutely zero modesty.

"Maybe later." Nall looked away again, apparently mad but still satisfied. "We need to test you, though. I need a gauge of how effective your control is." She looked over at the other two. "How about it?"

Clara sat down on the love seat, facing the table. "Test what? I don't really follow."

"His other power." Nall moved and sat in his lap, her hand stroking his pants where his slowly hardening cock lay. "The quarkware inside can be set to alter the bodies of those who come into contact with his semen, in other ways than just making them pregnant with eggs. I don't think his control is complete yet, or I would have changed back to looking imnir almost from the instant his come touched me. I know *I* don't have any control over it now either, though, so he has the potential to master it. So I need him to give one of you his come and watch the results. I'll go last; I need him to make me look human again, and I would rather he tested a simpler, easily reversed change on one of you before we let him human-ize me without any help from me." Nall said it in all seriousness, making the others suppress a giggle. "So, Isaac. How would you change either of these two?"

Isaac stared at her, and put it together. "I like them as they are." Nall rolled her eyes. Clara and Jessica seemed intrigued.

Clara sounded a little impatient, as if she thought Isaac was being obstinate. "Nobody likes anyone absolutely as they are, there's always *something* they would change. Just physically, I mean. Don't be shy."

"So he can change anything about my body?" Jessica spoke up again, cautiously.

"If the theory's right." Nall shrugged. "If not, no harm done. He'll just come. I won't have gotten you ready first, so there won't be any eggs." Nall paused for a moment, then added on. "Keep in mind, you two, if Isaac doesn't have total conscious control over this, then you'll just change into whatever he wants you to be at that moment -- consciously or not. I also really doubt he has full conscious control yet. Be warned, you might turn into something different than intended. I doubt it's dangerous, though."

Isaac thought it over. "How would I know if I did have full control?"

Nall looked back at him. "You'd know it. Trust me. I knew the exact second when I had full control of my half of the Ark. It's like night and day."

Jessica seemed to hesitate a moment, then spoke up before Clara could. "I'll do it. Keep it simple. I want bigger tits, Isaac." She arched her back, displaying her small breasts. They weren't even B-cups, but Isaac had rather liked them.

"You sure? Not every guy is a big-boobs type. I'm not." He glanced around the room, sure his credentials were established; none of the three women were larger than a C.

"You don't have to make them huge. Just make them big enough to play with. They're basically just bumps right now." She shrugged, then clapped her hands over her breasts. Her hands flapped outward, then clapped down again onto her small tits; it was true, they could be completely hidden even by Jessica's small hands. "If you don't like it, change me back. I'm yours."

"Jessica -- " Isaac paused. "We've spent all of two nights together. Are you sure you want to jump in feet first? What if what Nall said happens, and you don't look like yourself afterward? How would you work?"

"I trust you. And I know you'd take care of me if that happened. You're rich, right? I heard you and Clara talking out back this morning." Nall had begun selling 'inventions' -- basic imnir technology she was already familiar with -- branded as Isaac's own work, on the open market. He was well on his way to becoming an idle millionaire, as he'd explained to Clara an hour or so ago. They'd been discussing whether or not she should move in, and possibly quit her own job at Grand Courier, where Isaac used to work as well before Nall came into his life. "Plus, I'm curious what I'd look like if your mind wandered. It might be a little fun, as long as you could change me back later." She looked upwards, imagining.

*Awful impulsive girl*, he thought. Clara stood against Jessica's back, cupping the other girl's small boobs and smiling at Isaac. Nall stayed in her seat, staring at him. "Well, Isaac?" She gestured at Jessica. "Don't worry, she won't turn into a monkey or something if a stray thought crosses your mind. The system is more robust than that. You're the only one who can try it."

"You said in or on her, right?" Nall nodded. "So I could do it in her mouth?" Jessica's petite lips had looked tempting even before he'd been abducted; he'd had nights when he imagined them closing around his dick even before Nall had grown his tool to legendary size.

"Sure." Jessica seemed to understand, falling into a kneeling position. Clara fell onto her knees next to her, ready to assist; moments later he'd undone the drawstring to his pants and he stepped out of the small pile they left on the floor. His semi-erect cock bobbed back and forth in front of the girls. Clara took it by the shaft, bending down to lick his balls; Jessica found the head and began gently sucking him. Within a minute he was restored to full hardness for the first time of the day. He remained standing in place, occasionally taking Jessica's head in his hands and guiding her as he fucked her mouth.

The young girl never choked or tried to stop him, though it was obvious she had no skill at deep-throating him. Had she been alone, he likely wouldn't have been able to come. Clara's attention to his shaft and balls was just as strong a stimulus, rushing him forward toward his own orgasm; having gone all eight hours he was asleep without coming, his balls raged inside his scrotum, their often-met demands having not been honored for too long.
