 Dick on Jane - Improbable Futures

Janus Hemming was an average girl with a very unaverage name when she started high school. She was mousy with straight blonde hair and glasses, short for her age, barely an A cup, with no distinguishing features. The most unique thing about her was her name, but because it was so unusual she told people to call her "Jane" instead. She was a natural wallflower and tried to blend into the background as much as possible.

This tendency to hide herself was despite, and in part because of, her parents' attempts to make her feel 'special.' They were both overachievers themselves and insisted she could "do anything she wanted." What they didn't seem to understand was that the constant pressure made her want to be left alone.

It was difficult to be raised by exceptional people, especially when their busy achievements left them little time to spend with their own daughter - Jane was mostly raised by nannies until she was sent to an all girls private school. Both of her parents were geneticists who specialized in stem cells and gestational biology. They had pioneered numerous new techniques that made it easier to impregnate couples with difficulties, and to some extent make "designer babies" for the rich, which made them quite wealthy as well.

All of that would have created pressure, but they were made more famous by the fact that they had met in college and their successes made them a power couple in certain circles by virtue of the fact that they were both women. Jane had two genius mothers, and sometimes she resented not only their brains, success and power, but the fact that they were both beautiful. She looked like the ugly duckling in family pictures.

At seventeen she still didn't need a bra and was the smallest student in her class. She had only just started having her period recently and was very hopeful that maybe breasts would come with it, but so far she was still a "late bloomer" according to the people she would ask.

However, after she hit her eighteenth birthday, in the spring of her senior year, she started having tremendous hunger pains and an increased appetite, She had extra helpings at every meal for the first time in her life, and got snacks from the tuck shop to keep in her room. 

"You're insatiable!" her room-mate Amy giggled one day as Jane finished off a bag of potato chips.

Jane shrugged and crumpled up the bag, throwing it in the garbage can. "What can I say? I've been soooo hungry lately."

Amy smiled. "You're just usually so polite and dainty. You're acting like a teenage boy for food lately."

"Gross!" Jane laughed, throwing her pillow at her friend.

Amy caught it and stuck her tongue out. She was still taller and stronger than her friend, something Jane found intolerable. Jane envied the other girl. Amy was slender, elegantly so, with long legs and a pert ass. Her breasts weren't very big but they were certainly larger than Jane's bumps, and suited her graceful frame. Amy was a blonde also, but her hair was more the colour of warm honey. Jane often wished she could be like Amy - beautiful, friendly, popular.

However, Jane was a misfit outside their dorm room. She was too shy to talk to most people on good days, and hid from them on bad ones. She had been bullied often, and was only friends with Amy because they had shared a room since the beginning. 

That night Jane woke up moaning.

"Ohhhhhhhhh, it hurtttts!"

Amy clicked on a light and groggily sat up in bed.

"What's wrong?"

Jane was wriggling on the bed, kicking her legs. "Everything HURTS!"

Amy got up, wearing a long t-shirt over boyshorts, and sat on the edge of Jane's bed, clambering up.

"I think you're having growing pains, I had them when I had my growth spurt when I was like twelve. My mom used to rub my legs."

Amy started to massage her friend's thighs and shins, making sure to work behind the knees and along the ankles. Soon Jane's pain subsided somewhat, enough that she could lie still. She looked up at her friend, who was being so gentle and kind.

"Thank you, Amy."

"Anytime, sweetie."

Amy kissed her cheek and Jane caught a whiff of her sweet, girlish scent. Then the taller girl went back to bed and turned off the light. She seemed to fall asleep not long after. Jane, however, had some trouble. She couldn't get the thought of her friend's gentle hands on her legs out of her head, and even the kiss made her tingle warmly.

***

About a week later Jane was standing in front of her closet-door mirror, pulling at her blouse. It seemed to have shrunk, the hem stopped just below her navel so that she was showing skin. This frustrated the deeply shy girl. 

"I can't go to class like this! All my shirts have shrunk!"

Amy sauntered over from her side of the room, already in uniform - skirt, high socks, vest and blouse. She raised an eyebrow.

"Jane, you're taller."

"What?" Jane asked, turning to look at her friend.

Amy laughed. She stood against her friend so they were both in the mirror. Jane, as the shortest girl in class, had formerly been about the height of Amy's bosom, as Amy was one of the taller girls. Now Jane was up to her chin.

"Wow!" Jane said, her eyes widening. "That happened fast!"

"Looks like my little girl is growing up," Amy teased, kissing the top of Jane's head. She wandered back over to her side of the room to pack things for class.

Jane blushed to herself. 

"Well, what am I going to do about my clothes?"

Amy shrugged. "It's not that bad and you can go ask for new ones at break. They'll understand, people grow, silly."

"I don't want to go like this, you know, showing skin!"

"Oh, Jane, it's not like anyone will hardly notice."

Jane glowered but went to class. At lunch she still had a prodigious appetite, and she arranged with the office for new tops. Inwardly she was a bit pleased that she was finally catching up.

***

Each day Jane was a little taller and she was developing curves. However, she had also been having a lot of growing pains and cramping at random parts of the day. The pleasure at starting to become a young woman was disrupted by the uncomfortable twinges coming with the change.

She got dressed for class and looked at herself in the mirror. She couldn't help but smile: Jane had grown to about Amy's nose for height, around 5'6, which was respectable. Even better was that her breasts had filled out bigger than the tall girl's, she had at least a C cup. Her face no longer seemed so plain; her lips seemed to have become fuller, and the babyface had matured appropriately. She smiled and checked herself out a few times. Amy laughed at her.

"Stop admiring yourself, gorgeous, we have to get to breakfast!"

Jane blushed and grinned. That was one of the other benefits of the drastic shift, other girls had been complimenting her. It was a little nerve-wracking to be getting attention after years of being ignored, but it gave her a bit of a confidence boost at the same time. She didn't really think it was a compliment like maybe a boy would have meant, but nonetheless it was welcome after so long being overlooked.

She went to class with a spring in her step.

***

After lunch the spring in her step had been replaced by pain. Jane had to leave class about halfway through, as a terrible bout of cramps bowled her over with pain.

"OWWWWWWWWWWWwwwwwwwwwwwwww!"

The teacher had one of the other students escort her to the nurse's office while she clutched her stomach and felt spasms. It was a relief to be led into the examination room and lie down, but only slightly better.

Nurse Hathaway put a cool cloth on her forehead and murmured comforting sounds.

"Poor Jane, having a tough week aren't we?"

"Yes... ahhhh... today's the worst yet...". 

"Well, let's examine you, see what's going on."

She took Jane's temperature and checked her ears and eyes. While she did Jane couldn't help but notice how pretty Nurse Hathaway was. Her hair was light brown and curly soft, pulled back in a messy bun. Her sweater clung to her her impressive bust and her knee length skirt gave a hint of how shapely her legs were. Jane felt the cramp increase

"Owwwww!"

"Oh, sweetie, it seems so bad. Let me see."

The nurse used her fingers on Jane's abdomen, feeling for unusual tension or masses. 

"I'm concerned you might be having an appendix problem or a hernia, as you don't have a temperature, dear."

Jane nodded and groaned. 

"Let's take your top off and I'll be more thorough."

Nurse Hathaway helped unbutton Jane's top, as the girl had to clutch the sides of the examination bed whenever a spasm seized her. Jane shivered as her top was peeled away, leaving her in one of her new, well-filled bras. 

"You've certainly blossomed in the last little while," Nurse Hathaway said, trying to offer the girl some kindness in the midst of her obvious suffering.

"Th..th..thanks..." Jane managed.

The nurse nodded and then repeated her hands-on examination, this time skin to skin. Jane bit her lip. No one had ever touched her bare skin like that before, it added a shivery warmth to the cramping she was experiencing. She found it confusing. There was pleasure in the pain and she had never felt anything like that.

"Ohhhhh..." she moaned as the tension down below actually increased pressure.

"Did I hurt you?" the nurse asked. Jane shook her head. "It's not your stomach?" Jane shook her head again.

"I think... it's... Lower..."

Nurse Hathaway nodded and quickly slid the girl's skirt off, gently examining her waist and lower abdomen with her fingers once it was out of the way. Jane curled her toes and moaned. Something was definitely happening! She thrashed a little, feeling the pressure build.

"OHHHHH!" she gasped.

"Poor thing," Hathaway said to be comforting, "I don't... What is..."

She stopped in mid-sentence and looked more carefully at what had caught her attention. There was a protuberance causing a small bulge in Jane's panties, as if something was stuck down there, or perhaps sticking out of the girl. 

"Did you sit on something?"

Nurse Hathaway grabbed hold of the Jane's panties by the waistband and slid them down the girl's legs. She gasped as the pretty blonde's mound came into sight. Jane was still fairly hairless, having just started having puberty symptoms in the last several weeks, but that wasn't the surprising thing. Her labia were smooth and pink and just where they were supposed to be. But at the juncture where they met at the top her clit was swollen and erect, jutting out of its hood at least two inches. The nurse had never seen anything like it this side of an actual penis.

"Oh, Jane!"

The nurse's skin flushed as she realized why the girl was in such discomfort. With her periods having come so recently it was like Jane was having a rushed puberty, with numerous body changes that normally took years happening all at once. Her body had probably just recently started feeling sexual arousal and was reacting in odd ways - her clitoris was so swollen it must have hurt!

"Oh sweetie!"

"What is it?" Jane groaned, craning her neck to look down her body to see what was going on. 

"Your clitoris..."

Jane got up on her elbows and looked between her legs. She saw her clit protruding like a small erection.

"What the fuck?" she cried out.

Jane then groaned again as another throbbing pulse shot through her centre and seemed to spread down into her clit. It was excruciating but it left behind a warm tingle that was almost pleasurable. This was the weirdest day ever.

Nurse Hathaway was thinking along somewhat similar lines: as far as days at work went, this was so far the strangest. She felt empathy for Jane's obvious discomfort but was also a little weirded out by the anatomical issue she was having. It was so unusual. 

The nurse leaned forward to take a closer look. The girl's clitoris was indeed protruding and swollen, the tip not unlike the glans of an erect penis. When Jane groaned and shivered it actually seemed to elongate and swell further, bulging.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" the girl grunted.

"Is it very uncomfortable?" Nurse Hathaway asked. She good-naturedly and instinctively massaged her hand over Jane's lower abdomen, working the tense muscles there. 

Jane squirmed and whimpered, feeling hot all over, the firm caress easing the muscle tension but also stimulating her in ways she'd never felt. She arched her lower back and groaned, gripping the sides of the medical mattress.

"Poor thing," Nurse Hathaway said soothingly, her voice almost a coo. "Your body is probably so confused, it's been rushing a process that takes most girls years. I wish I could help."

Her hand kept kneading the girl just above her mound, it seemed to help the most. However, with each moan and thrust of Jane's hips into the air her clit actually seemed to get bigger and bigger. It looked more like a small erect penis than ever.

"We might have to get the doctor to come in and take a look at you, hon, or call your parents and they can arrange to have you see a specialist or something. I hate to see you in such pain but all I can really recommend right now is some ibuprofen or something."

Jane whimpered and looked up at the nurse, imploring her with her eyes.

"Please, anything, it hurts..."

Nurse Hathaway turned and went to a cupboard, getting some pills. Jane found her eyes drawn to the nurse's ass in her skirt, almost instinctively, as if of their own will. Her swollen clitoris swelled and throbbed as she took in the site of Nurse Hathaway's impressive bottom. Jane moaned. Was she sexually aroused?

The nurse got Jane a glass of water and brought it and the pills over to her. Jane sat up a bit and sipped, downing the pills. Hathaway, a natural nurturer, started to caress the girl's hair back from her face soothingly. 

"Poor thing, you'll be alright. You must be so uncomfortable."

Jane nodded and pouted. "Could you massage me some more? That felt a little better."

Hathaway nodded and commenced rubbing the girl's lower abdomen again, feeling the muscles under the skin. Jane's natural slight build had curved out recently, but that made her look and feel more like a mature, fit young woman instead of the teeny girl she had been the last few years. Nurse Hathaway caressed the girl's hair at one end and her stomach muscles at the other, feeling the smooth skin stretched over the taut strength underneath.

"Thank you," Jane whimpered, laying back down. It felt so good to have the gentle nurse's hands on her.

Nurse Hathaway blushed as she caressed and soothed Jane. It was clear, whether the girl knew it or not, that she was in a state of arousal. Jane's clit was swollen to at least four inches and her pussy was leaking juices onto the examination bed. Her skin was flushed and breathing rapid. She showed all the signs of being desperately horny. Hathaway knew of only one solution, regardless of why this was happening to poor Jane. The girl needed relief.

"There, there," she cooed. She moved her arm around so she was cradling Jane's head against her lush bosom, the other hand massaging her abdomen. Jane closed her eyes with a whimper and nestled against the nurse's warmth instinctively. 

Tentatively, gently, Hathaway slid her fingers lower in a caress, working them in a V shape along Jane's mound. The girl moaned appreciatively at the rubbing. The sides of the nurse's two middle fingers lightly teased the throbbing shaft. The swelling clit twitched as if in appreciation and extended at least another inch. Hathaway breathed in Jane's scent and felt a heat run through her body. There was something very sensual about this. She kissed Jane's forehead tenderly and then let her fingers caress along the protruding clit-cock.

"Ohhhh," Jane cooed, wriggling her hips. Her womanhood engorged further and the nurse was able to wrap her hand around the shaft.

"Just relax," Nurse Hathaway whispered.

She started to stroke Jane's bulging flesh like an erection, working it from base to tip. More and more she was thinking of it as a cock, the glans was fully formed and the length had reached at least six inches by now. The skin was soft, stretched over the firm throbbing shaft, and warm in her hand. The only things differentiating it from a man's penis were the lack of testicles 

"Let me help you," the nurse cooed.

Jane merely moaned in response, nuzzling her face into Hathaway's prodigious bosom. The nurse stroked her soft hand along the girl's engorged shaft, pumping her sensually. Jane had never felt anything like it. Her whole body seemed to tingle and pulse as the nurse worked her hand over Jane's protrusion. It was making the girl dizzy with pleasure.

The clit-cock bulged just like an erection, yet the skin stretched over the underlying hardness was feminine and soft. If felt so sexy in Nurse Hathaway's hand. She couldn't believe she was doing this, she had never been inappropriate with any of her patients, but it was obvious that Jane needed release and there was something erotically charged about the young girl's new appendage and the situation. Hathaway couldn't help herself. She watched the girl's cock in fascination as it throbbed and thickened. It was now impressively big, at least seven or eight inches in length.

Hathaway ran her thumb over the tip and was mesmerized as the swollen head oozed a bead of fluid out, seemingly forming an opening just to do so. More and more it looked like the young woman had magically grown a female penis somehow. Jerking the cock with curiosity about what else might happen, Hathaway had to admit to herself that she was getting really aroused.

Her fingers stroked up and down, faster and faster, pumping the meaty clit-cock. Jane shuddered with a building pleasure, clutching the nurse and whimpering loudly. Her whole body tensed.

"AHHHHHHHHHH!"

"That's it honey, just relax, let it go," Hathaway encouraged.

Jane's body spasmed and her shaft started to twitch. The tip burst with fluid, spraying up into the air and splashing onto the end of the examination bed and the floor. It wasn't quite as thickly opaque as a man's sperm but certainly resembled it, like a creamier version of vaginal fluid. It had a distinctly attractive aroma and Hathaway realized she had been smelling a mild version of it on Jane since the beginning, and it was only just now intensifying. It was arousing in and of itself, like an aphrodisiac. 

"Ohhhhhh" Jane purred, nuzzling into Hathaway, twitching and shivering with the aftershocks of her first orgasm. She was lightheaded with the experience, dazed by it.

"There, ,there," Hathaway soothed her, caressing the girl's hair, holding the shaft still as it spurted a few more times before starting to soften.

The nurse watched in fascination as the shaft became flaccid and then began to retract. Jane seemed to have dozed off. It wasn't long before her clit looked completely ordinary, and she was nothing more than a young lady who had happened to fall asleep in the nurse's examination room.

Hathaway cleaned up the evidence and put a blanket over the girl to let her sleep. Poor thing seemed tuckered out. She then went into her office and masturbated, going over every moment of the events in her mind again and again until she had a magnificent orgasm.

***

Jane woke up groggy and confused, so it took her awhile to realize she was in one of the examining rooms in the nurse's office. She stumbled out into the hall and then hurriedly headed back towards her dorm room, almost like a homing instinct. She hardly thought about it at all. Once inside she went to the bathroom and got a drink of water before sitting down on her bed.

"What happened?" she asked herself. Jane had the weirdest feeling that she had been having a weird dream or something. The last thing she clearly remembered was having cramps in class and going to see the nurse.
