 Jane bit her lip, feeling her heart race. Her roommate Amy had just masturbated in front of her and was offering to help her do it for the first time herself. Her skin tingled and burned with the blood and adrenaline pumping through her system. She had never experienced anything like this. It was so overwhelming.

Amy caressed her face and helped her lean back on the bed, and then moved to unsnap Jane's skirt. It slid down her legs. Jane's white panties were wet and clinging to her sex. Amy smiled and slid those down too. 

"Your pussy is so pretty," Amy smiled, seeing the bare, soft lips for the first time. Jane blushed.

"You think so?"

"I sure do," her friend nodded. 

Amy gently slid her fingers over Jane's mound, making her shiver. Amy's fingers caressed along her slit and Jane moaned, trembling.

"You're so wet," Amy purred. She worked the lips softly and slowly, but it just made Jane all the more excited. "What I like to do is rub my lips and get my fingers wet, it's a nice slow tease, and then when I'm ready I start to rub my clit."

Jane nodded at her friend's advice, watching Amy lean over her lap and touch her. She squirmed and wriggled as Amy caressed her pink labia, causing all kinds of new sensations inside her. After a few delicious moments of this Amy moved her fingers up to the tight button of Jane's clit, rubbing the nub in circles. Jane gasped and felt a deeper throbbing clench inside her. Somehow, despite the newness of all of these touches, this sensation was familiar. Jane felt her clit get hard and gasped. She had felt something like this before. When?

Amy kept rubbing her, oblivious to her blushing and nervous reaction. She was intent on Jane's soft, bare pussy and juicy lips, rubbing the girl's clit in expert spirals and loving her squirming, writhing reactions. She was getting aroused touching her friend, even if it was under the pretense of "teaching" her. It was sexy.

Jane gasped and groaned, rocking her hips, feeling a hot, rippling emotion throughout her body. It made her toes curl and legs tighten. She hadn't orgasmed yet but her body was building towards climax. The more Amy touched her clit the more Jane felt like she'd felt something similar before. Her mind suddenly had clarity - what she had thought was a dream was really a memory.

"OH!" she gasped.

Jane suddenly remembered being in the nurse's office earlier, and Nurse Hathaway touching between her legs. Had the nurse worked her clit like this? It felt like it. She had been in a crampy, pained haze, and then drifted off to sleep after a tremendous feeling of ecstasy and relief. That must have been an orgasm, and one so exhausting she'd passed out. Now Amy was stimulating her in the same place.

That was right, wasn't it?

She wriggled and moaned.

"Wow, Jane, your clit is getting really hard," Amy exclaimed.

"Huh?" Jane whimpered, looking down, feeling flushed and hot.

Her clit was in fact very erect, jutting out almost a full inch. Amy's hadn't looked nearly so prominent.

"Is it... is it... uh... bad?" Jane asked through moans.

"No, I think it's kinda hot."

Amy caressed and rubbed Jane all the more, making the throbbing ache increase. Jane writhed in pleasure but the way her clit was throbbing reminded her of the nurse's office. Had something more happened there than just being masturbated by Hathaway? As strange as that was as an event, had it been stranger?

"It's getting bigger, I swear," Amy said with a tone of surprise but even maybe a little curious admiration. She leaned closer, right down close to Jane's clit, rubbing it even more, stroking the swollen nub.

"Ohhhh, wowwwwwwww," Jane moaned, feeling so many sensations that she couldn't sort out.

Amy examined Jane's clitoris with some fascination. Her clit was really protruding and swelling, at least an inch long, if not more, and she could actually get her thumb and finger around it, stroking the button like a little shaft. She loved how Jane shivered or moaned when she touched her. Every reaction was delicious.

"Does it feel good?" Amy asked, looking up at Jane. 

She nodded back, blushing at the rapt attention Amy was giving her. Jane normally kept a pretty low profile, she wasn't used to anyone making her the focus at all, let alone as intimately as this. Her whole body was thrumming with arousal and need. There was a clenching heat in her core, like she was melting down.

"I think... something... OHhhhhhhh..."

Jane tossed her head back, neck flexing, toes curling. Her whole body seemed to shake. Light burst in her mind behind her eyelids as she cried out with inconceivable pleasure. Throughout this cascade of emotion and sensation Amy kept rubbing her swollen clit until she was laying back, limp and spent.

Amy giggled.

"And how did that feel?"

Jane lay there twitching and trying to let her body calm down before looking up at her friend, who was sitting beside her.

"Amazing," she smiled. "Thank you."

"Awww, anytime," Amy grinned back.

Jane lay back, closing her eyes, letting her body rest while she reflected on everything that had happened to her that day. She'd been masturbated by Nurse Hathaway and her roommate, neither of which she had ever expected. WIth Amy it was very sweet, like a new dimension of their close friendship. Jane wasn't sure what she felt about Hathaway having done it, the memory was hazy. It had felt good, and helped her to rest, but she wasn't sure about it beyond that. Would she have to talk to the older woman? Confront her?

"We can practice kissing and touching whenever you want," Amy said, laying beside her and kissing her cheek. Jane smiled.

"Yeah? You'd like that too?"

Amy nodded, nuzzling Jane's hair. "Yes, I loved showing you, and seeing your pleasure was even hotter."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah, for sure. I love how your clit gets so sensitive, that was hot. If I were you I'd be touching myself all the time. Your body really responded to that."

As if to emphasize her point, Amy reached back between Jane's legs and worked her fingers over the pearl. Jane whimpered.

"I'm still really sensitive," she blushed.

"I'll be gentle," Amy promised, just lightly stroking.

Jane closed her eyes, shivering. Amy's light touch up and down her budding clit was making her tremble but it wasn't overwhelming like before. She tried to slow her breathing and just relax so she could process the various sensations Amy was giving her. It felt so good. She was a bit confused too, though, because it felt *similar* to what Hathaway had done, but not quite the same. Why was it so different?

Amy kept brushing her fingertips along the length of Jane's clit. Up and down, up and down. Teasing the little shaft, watching it throb. It was so hard and prominent compared to her own, she really did find it quite fascinating. She bit her lip, imagining what it might be like to lick or suck on. 

"Can I try something?" Amy whispered in Jane's ear.

"What?" Jane murmured back.

"Just lie back and relax. Trust me, it will feel good," Amy promised.

Jane blushed. "I don't know..."

"Pleeease?" Amy teased in her ear. 

"Okay," Jane giggled.

"Keep your eyes closed," Amy told her. Jane squinted them shut harder and grinned, enjoying her friend's teasing nature.

Amy smiled to herself when she saw Jane's compliance and slid down the bed a bit, inching downwards to get comfortable beside Jane's mound. She took a good long look at the smooth labia and clit. She could smell Jane's arousal and the fragrance made her bite her lip to stifle a moan.

"What are you doing?" Jane asked.

"Just be patient and you'll find out," Amy commanded, giggling.

Jane blushed and held still. Amy smiled again and then leaned closer, closer... She blew soft air across Jane's sensitive clit and it made the shorter girl moan. Her eyes flinched.

"Keep them shut," Amy said, grinning. Jane nodded obediently.

Amy leaned over and down, dragging her tongue from the base of the nub to the top. It was firm and warm. She was sure she even felt it twitch. This was so hot!

"Ohhhhh..." Jane said, squirming. 

"Keep your eyes closed," Amy repeated, then she dragged her tongue over the clit again.

"OH!" Jane whimpered.

"Does that feel good?" Amy teased, seeing for herself as Jane blushed and writhed.

"Yessss," Jane purred back.

Amy started to lick faster, swiping her tongue over the swollen clit again and again. Jane gripped the bed, gasping. The taller girl savoured her friend's reactions, bathing her clit with saliva, licking firmly. When she thought Jane was ready she wrapped her lips around the bud, sucking. Jane's clit was almost the size of a thumb, and Amy could slurp on it wetly. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling, she loved things in her mouth.

Jane gasped and wriggled, feeling something even newer as Amy's lips trapped her engorged clitoris. Her fingers tugged at the bedsheets for purchase as she moaned and moaned, feeling dizzy with the experience. So much had already happened, she wasn't sure how much more she could take today.

"I like your clit," Amy said, stopping for a minute. The hard nub was glossy with saliva and looked so hard and aching. "It's kind of like a baby cock," she giggled.

"It is?" Jane asked. She opened her eyes and looked down.

She had seen pictures of penises, obviously, in health class and on the Web, she wasn't completely ignorant. But Jane had never seen one in person. Her clit, swollen out as far as it was, did resemble a small hard erection. She was about two inches long at least.

"Is that weird?" she asked, blushing.

Amy shrugged. "I don't know. My clit gets hard, but not big like that. I don't care. I like how it feels in my mouth."

Jane blushed even redder. She looked at Amy's wet mouth and back down at her clit and thought about its resemblance to a penis. She thought back to earlier with Nurse Hathaway. This moment was really reminding her of that, now why? Then she REALLY blushed red. 

"What if it gets bigger?" she asked quietly.

"Your clit?" Amy asked, raising an eyebrow. "I don't know, why?"

Jane shrugged. "It aches. I like your mouth on it, but what if it got bigger? Would that be weird?"

Amy shrugged again. "It's your body, Jane. I like it." She gave her friend a genuine smile that made Jane's heart melt.

"You're so good to me." 

Jane hugged Amy close and rubbed her back.

"I think we better go get dinner, and we can talk more about this later, okay?" she suggested.

"Sounds good," Amy smiled. "We can push our beds together tonight."

Jane bit her lip, wondering what else would happen between them.

***

Jane found herself feeling nervous all through dinner in the cafeteria. For one thing she felt butterflies in her tummy and her heart stop every time Amy looked at her and smiled, or touched her arm or the small of her back. She kept worrying that one of the other girls would notice, and had to keep reminding herself that they'd always been close and everyone knew they were roomies and best friends. No one was going to suspect they were intimate now, if anything people who thought that way probably already assumed it. 

However, she had something else to be nervous about. Amy's attention to her protruding clit had made her think back over her experience with Nurse Hathaway. A lot of it was still blurry but she had the impression that her clit had gotten a LOT bigger, Amy's comment about it being like a "baby cock" had reminded her. It had been very cocklike, and rather big, if she was remembering anything correctly. 

Amy had reacted positively to a larger clit, but that was an inch or two. Would she be as calm about one that was say six or seven inches? Jane didn't know. She wasn't sure she wanted to find out. What if Amy told people? Would they see her as a freak or something? She was worried about what Nurse Hathaway might say and wondered if she should talk to her. That made her even more nervous than she already was.

She kept pulling the hem of her skirt down, as if to cover her thighs and hide any possible growth. Jane wasn't currently aroused or swollen, but she wanted to make sure no one saw anything untoward. Amy kept smiling at her and patting her hand or her knee, as if to reassure her. 

At one point during dinner she leaned close to whisper in Jane's ear.

"I'll take care of that wet little pussy at bedtime, just try not to think about it until then. We're cool, sweetie."

Jane smiled at her friend's attempt to reassure her, but nevertheless wondered what she was supposed to do if she got an erection. What would Amy say? What would she do? Jane wondered if she could keep it a secret. Luckily her clit hadn't gotten too big during their earlier fun, but maybe that was because of her orgasm with Nurse Hathaway. She really couldn't predict what her own body was going to do and that concerned her.

So it was with some trepidation that she returned to her dorm room with Amy after dinner. 

"I have some homework to do," she announced, going to her desk and getting out some books.

"Okay," Amy said. "I have reading, too."

The taller blonde went about the room taking off her clothes and putting them in her hamper. Jane couldn't help but steal glances as Amy unbuttoned her blouse or tossed it aside, or took off her skirt and then her bra. Jane tried to keep her mind on her studies but the lithe beauty of her roomie was very distracting. She squirmed in her seat. Amy pulled on a casual t-shirt and shorts to sit on her bed more comfortably and read.

Jane worked on her homework diligently, getting herself caught up. She re-read some of it just to kill more time. Then she made a big show of stretching and yawning.

"It's been a long day, I think I'll turn in."

"Sounds good," Amy looked up from her book and smiled.

Jane unbuttoned her blouse with her back to Amy and slid it off onto the bed, and then unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt, pushing it down her hips. She was relieved to find that her clit was still "normal," and not erect. She sighed with relief and then put on a shirt and pyjama pants. She went into the bathroom to wash her face and brush her teeth. 

Amy came in behind her and brushed her own teeth, looking at her in the mirror, smiling a little around her toothbrush and giving her a nod. Jane smiled back shyly, feeling like Amy was telepathically trying to hint about her plans for the evening: her gaze wasn't its normal friendly level, but seemed more appreciative and horny somehow. It made Jane shiver when yesterday it would have just been a normal look, perhaps.

She spat and rinsed her mouth before going back to the bedroom area. Amy followed and started pushing her bed over towards Jane's.

"Help me?"

Jane nodded, biting her lip, but hurried over to help Amy push. Soon their two single beds were together. She crawled in under her covers and blushed when Amy snuggled under with her.

"This is nice," Amy said. "I feel like we're going to be so much closer."

"Yeah," Jane agreed, but felt a twinge. She wasn't sure how close Amy would want to be if she saw the same thing Hathaway had.

Amy cuddled up close to her friend and started kissing her neck, one arm over her waist to balance. Jane closed her eyes and moaned as the kisses immediately made her feel dizzying pleasure. Amy's soft mouth was kissing and nibbling in a wonderful way, with little licks in between. 

"You smell so good," Amy told her, and then sucked at Jane's skin. Jane whimpered even more.

Jane slid her hand along Amy's back up into her hair, grasping it as she got lightheaded. Her body hummed with desire as Amy kept up the licking and nibbling. It was so sexy. Jane reached out with her other hand and cupped Amy's pert breast, feeling its warmth in her hand.

"MMmm," Amy made an appreciative noise as she sucked on Jane's throat. She wriggled her body, rubbing her nipple into Jane's palm through her shirt. 

Jane took the cue and deliberately started to rub Amy's nipple with her thumb. She felt it stiffen and it made Amy whimper with pleasure, so she started experimenting with rubbing and tugging. Amy squirmed and wriggled even as she licked at Jane's collarbone and throat. She was clearly enjoying herself.

"I want you to touch me," Amy said breathlessly, resting her forehead against Jane's. She took Jane's hand and pressed it down under her panties against her mound.

Jane nodded and kissed Amy as she slid her fingers along her soft lips. Amy was already damp and it was easy to explore her labia lips. Jane rubbed and caressed, feeling her fingertips get slick, and then she pushed one up inside the opening. Amy mewled into the kiss, making it deeper, and her wet walls squeezed around Jane's exploring finger.

Emboldened by Amy's reactions, Jane started to push in a second finger. She worked her hand so she could move her fingers inside Amy while getting her thumb on the taller girl's clit. Amy wriggled and trembled as Jane fingered her wet pussy, clutching her friend and gasping against her. Jane smiled, learning how to pleasure her bestie.

They kissed hungrily, tongues spiralling together, as Jane pumped her fingers into Amy, growing in confidence. The girl shook and squirmed with feeling until her walls were clenching on Jane's fingers and she arched her back to moan loudly.

Jane kept up the attention until Amy's body relaxed again, twitching with aftershocks. She caressed Amy's back affectionately, cuddling her.

"Was that good?" she asked.

Amy giggled. "Soooooooooo good. You're learning fast."

Jane nodded. "Can we get some sleep? It's been a long day, with a lot of new experiences. Is that okay?"

"For sure," Amy agreed. She kissed Jane and snuggled with her. They fell asleep that way.

***

Jane woke up when it was still a bit dark, after a series of confusing dreams of kissing, touching, naked bodies, penises and pussies and blurry feelings of warmth and eroticism. It was like her body was trying to make sense of the day before's orgasms and changes. Amy's body was snuggled up against hers in a spoon position, with Jane as the outer spoon, so Amy's taut bum was rubbing her crotch.

Her swollen, bulging crotch.

Jane gasped and looked up at Amy nervously, but the taller girl was still asleep. She had a beatific smile on her face and wriggled comfortably into her pillow, which made her pert buttocks rub against the erection straining Jane's panties. Jane bit her lip to stifle a moan. Her swollen clit, or girl cock, whatever it was, throbbed against her roomie's ass. It felt so good but she knew it could get her in trouble.

Jane moved as slowly as she could so as to not disturb Amy and gradually extricated herself from the bed. She tiptoed to the bathroom, closing and locking the door behind her.

"Shit, shit, shit," she whispered to herself, looking down at the tent in her stretched panties. What was it? What was she going to do about it?

It looked for all intents and purposes like she had a hard-on in her panties. Did she have a penis? Was that possible? She'd had a normal vagina her entire life. When it wasn't aroused it was a normal clitoris, by all appearances. Her thoughts raced and her blood pumped. This was kind of scary. It was like being invaded, finding a stranger living in your house, only it was her own body frightening her.

Jane tried to get a grip on herself mentally. She breathed slower, trying to calm down. There was only one way to be sure. She steeled herself and then gripped the waistband of her panties. She began to peel them down. The fabric was straining, pulled tight against the bulge, and she had to work it overtop. Gradually the tip came into view, and it definitely was penis-esque. There was a rounded knob with a slit, followed by a shaft. Once her panties were down far enough the shaft bounced up, making the head slap her tummy. She was really hard!
