 Jane felt a surge of adrenaline and a momentary sense of panic. She had somehow grown her clitoris into a seemingly functional penis, masturbated to orgasm into her dorm room toilet, and then watched the shaft retract back into what appeared to be a normal-sized clitoris. Now her roommate Amy was knocking on the door to see if she was okay. What on earth was she supposed to say?

She considered her options.

"Yes, I'm fine. I just finished beating off." -- How would she explain that?

"No, I'm not fine, for some reason I can grow a penis." -- That seemed equally problematic.

"Yes, I'm fine," she called out, not bothering to explain further. That seemed safest.

Jane looked down at the toilet and saw her ejaculate. Her girl-penis, or whatever it should be called, had sprayed the water in the toilet bowl and the sides. There was creamy fluid all over. She grabbed some toilet paper and wiped at the sides of the bowl as well as she could as quickly as she could, and then flushed. There, that should deal with the weird evidence.

"Sorry to bug you when you're using the bathroom," Amy said through the door. "I just wondered if you wanted company during your shower?"

Jane shivered and blushed. Yesterday Amy had helped her masturbate her vagina and it had been extremely pleasurable. Apparently her roomie wanted to continue their new sexual explorations together, which was sexy and encouraging. But she wasn't sure what to do about the fact that sometimes she could apparently grow an erection. Should she tell Amy? How would she react? It was freaking Jane out and it was her body. 

"Just a sec," Jane said. She took a deep breath and then opened the door.

Amy was standing there completely naked, which was a very sexy sight to see first thing in the morning. She was tall, with legs to spare, and perky breasts that fit her slender frame. Her blonde hair made her seem like an elfin princess to Jane, who had always considered her roommate beautiful. Now, however, there was the new component to their relationship where they gave each other orgasms, which just made it all the more intense.

"You wanted to shower?" Jane gulped.

"With you, yes," Amy smiled.

She took the shorter girl by the hand and tugged her towards the shower stall, turning on the water. Amy pulled Jane against her for a kiss while she waited for the spray to heat up. Jane moaned into her lips, feeling the sensual softness that she'd enjoyed so much the day before. Their lips melted together warmly, and then Jane felt Amy's tongue teasing her mouth. 

"MMmmmm," she intoned. Amy held her tight, deepening the kiss, and led her into the water.

The warm spray of the shower added to the sensuality, making Jane's body tingle all over. Amy's hands followed, caressing and squeezing. Jane loved the way Amy paid attention to her entire body: stroking her skin, kneading her breasts, gripping her buttocks. It seemed like the taller girl adored each inch of her body and then repeated it all over again with soap. Jane's body was under water but it also felt like it was deliciously on fire.

"You're so hot," she gasped as Amy rubbed her pussy lips, pushing her against the wall of the shower.

"I was just thinking that about you," Amy giggled. She slid her fingers along Jane's folds and then pushed inward, sliding a finger into her wet pussy.

"Ohhhhh," Jane whimpered, squirming. The water cascaded down on them as Amy fingered her slick hole.

"We can do this every day," Amy purred, kissing Jane.

Jane's body lit up with pleasure at the feelings of both Amy's actions and what she was saying. There was certainly going to be a lot of fun in the last few weeks of school before graduation if they were going to be having frequent sex. She also had a momentary sense of alarm that was lost in the sensation of sex, when she briefly worried about how to keep her secret. But then her orgasm was building and Amy had added a second finger to her juiced up slit, and there was no concentrating on anything else.

Amy sped up her pace as she felt Jane's vaginal walls squeeze her fingers. She kissed her friend deeply as she fingerfucked the shorter girl, and was gratified to feel her tremble and quake with orgasm. Jane moaned breathlessly against her mouth as her body shuddered with pleasure. 

"This is so much fun," Amy smiled.

Jane nodded meekly, blushing.

***

It wasn't much fun as the morning wore on. Jane had to sit through class and attempt to concentrate but images of Amy over the last few days kept sneaking into her mind. Kissing her. Fingering. Amy's naked body. So much had happened in a short amount of time. Jane kept squirming in her seat, adjusting her skirt, and looking around nervously to see if anyone else was noticing her discomfort. She had never really been sexually aroused before until this week and now it was hard to stop feeling horny.

Thankfully her clit seemed under control for the moment, she hadn't had an erection since beating off that morning. Hopefully it would stay calm for the rest of the day. She didn't entertain much hope of it being gone forever, but getting through class would be good.

At lunchtime Amy met up with Jane in the cafeteria and caressed her thigh under the table every chance she got while they ate. At one point she leaned over to whisper in her ear:

"Tonight I think you should learn how to eat pussy."

Jane blushed redly but nodded. How could she say no? For one thing, Amy was fun to be with, and for another, the idea really turned her on. She loved that her confident friend was finding things to teach her and arouse her. She wouldn't have thought of any of this on her own.

However the idea really got to her during her afternoon classes. She kept imagining Amy's bare pussy and it made the room seem too warm. Her tummy started to clench and she felt the aching that always preceded an erection. She immediately put up her hand and asked if she could go to the bathroom.

Jane rushed down the hallway. She could feel her clit stiffening in her panties. Did she dare go to the girls' washroom to take care of it? Should she go back to her dorm room? Would she make it without someone noticing? She wasn't sure how much her skirt hid the growing bulge in her panties.

She rushed into the nearest girls' bathroom just out of the fear of someone seeing her walking down the hall. It wasn't until she was in the stall that Jane realized how awkward a choice it was. If she was going to masturbate (which had been the only help thus far) then she should get the ejaculate into the toilet bowl. However, that meant standing facing the toilet, like when a boy urinated. Anyone coming into the bathroom would see her feet facing the wrong way. That could cause a lot of questions! How would she ever explain something like that?

"Now what am I going to do?" she asked herself, exasperated.

Her erect clit was already really swollen and straining at her panties. She could feel the fabric pulling taut against her shaft. Jane definitely couldn't sit through class like that. She needed relief. Maybe she could cum quickly, before anyone else walked in?

Jane undid her skirt and hung it up on a hook on the back of the stall door. Then she slid her panties down and off, hanging them up too. She didn't want any possibility of getting a mess on her clothes. Her erect clit-cock jutted out from her crotch obscenely, all throbbing and hard. The shaft ached with arousal. 

"You're so fucking impatient," she almost growled at her girl-dick. The shaft bobbed before her so she reached out to grasp it.

Jane started to stroke, feeling the indescribable sensation of her soft hand gliding along her meaty length. It felt good, even if she wished it wasn't happening at all. There was a delicious tingling feeling in the tip, and a tightening at the base. She bit her lip as she picked up the pace. She wanted to finish this fast before someone came in.

The shaft pulsed and throbbed in her grip and fluid started to bead from the head. Jane remembered this part, getting the juice on her hand helped to slicken the shaft as she stroked. She ran her hand over the bulbous knob and got her palm sticky, then slid it along the length. It felt so good that way. She pumped harder. 

Jane closed her eyes and shivered, feeling the tension build inside her, the clenching, warm feeling that seemed to precede an orgasm. She wriggled her toes and waited for the blissful release.

"Jane, are you in here?" a voice called.

Her heart jumped in her chest and her eyes flew open. Who was that? What did they want? In a panic she turned and sat down on the toilet, taking a split second to push the seat into place.

"Uh, over here," she said. "Who is it?"

"It's Nurse Hathaway, dear, your teacher called to see if you had come to my office again, she said you seemed uncomfortable in class and asked to go to the bathroom. I thought I'd check in to see if you were in distress."

"'Distress?' Why would I be in distress?" Jane chuckled nervously, despite feeling all kinds of distress lately.

"Well, lots of girls get their periods unexpectedly, especially when they're new, and sometimes they get stuck in a stall without a pad or tampon, that sort of thing."

"Uh, no, I'm not having my period," Jane said, blushing. "Just needed to go the the bathroom."

"Well, alright, I'll leave you to it, then. I'm a nervous tinkler myself, hate to have an audience. But if you ever need anything, anything at all, please come to my office, okay? I'm here to help."

"Thank you," Jane said. 

Her thoughts churned with the nurse's words. Was Hathaway politely talking about the other day? Was she checking in as a medical professional, or being kind? Was she inquiring more about Jane's secret? What was her agenda? The nurse had always seemed nice, but then, Jane hadn't had a penis in their previous encounters. It was hardly an innocent situation now.

"Talk to you later," the nurse said, and then the door opened and shut. Now that Jane wasn't concentrating on masturbating she could tell it had a soft sound of its own. 

She took several deep breaths and listened intently to make sure she was alone. All was quiet.

"That was a close one," she said, looking down at the erection jutting up from her spread thighs.

Her aching, hard cock leaked a bead of precum, as if to remind her why they were there in the first place. She dutifully wrapped both of her hands around the shaft and started to pump up and down, sitting back on the toilet and getting comfortable. Might as well get it over with. 

Jane closed her eyes, bit her lip, and jacked the big member harder, feeling it slide through her slick palms. Little dribbles of fluid were leaking from the tip now, making it even easier. She felt that clenching warm sensation, and just in time got up to turn and aim the tip towards the toilet bowl, lifting the seat before she sprayed.

"Uhhhhhhhh!" she grunted as quietly as she could, feeling each pulsing burst of cum as it spurted from her girlcock. It felt so good, even if it was super weird.

Jane tidied up the stall, got dressed, and then washed her hands. She checked her face and hair to make sure she wasn't unkempt, and then went back to class. The rest of the afternoon she felt almost blissfully calm now that another orgasm was out of her system.

***

Some of that calm wore off through dinner as Amy kept touching the small of her back or teasing her thigh under the table. Jane had to admit, her roomie was quite adept at keeping her aroused while making sure no one really noticed anything unusual. She was grateful that she didn't get hard during it, though, so masturbating in the bathroom had that much of a plus. Again she found herself wondering if she should tell Amy or talk to the nurse about it. Jane wasn't sure how long she could keep this secret but she also didn't know how to talk about it.

Thankfully there was less than a month until graduation, so she wouldn't have to deal with it in the confined spaces of the school for much longer. Jane would still have to figure out how to deal with having a mysterious retracting cock, but at least she wouldn't be stuck in a building full of nubile young women who were supposed to be sequestered away from such things. 

Jane wondered if she should call her mothers about it. After all, they were doctors. However, she couldn't see herself discussing such a strange topic in her dorm room by video chat, when Amy could walk in anytime. She sighed. It could wait a few weeks until she went home, she supposed. If any crisis came up over it she could always call sooner.

"Let's head back to our room," Amy said to her, and she nodded.

They walked back with friends and said good night when they got to their door. As soon as they were inside Amy was locking it and giggling.

"Take your clothes off!"

Jane blushed. "Right away?" she teased.

"Fuck yes, I've been thinking about this all day," Amy said, undoing her blouse and shuffling out of her skirt. That made Jane blush even redder. She didn't know Amy thought about her that much.

She stripped as quickly as she could to join her friend. Amy had already pushed their beds back together and was sprawled out with her legs spread, biting her finger.

"Come here and lick me," she purred. Jane shivered at the invitation.

"It's my first try," she said shyly.

"I know," Amy said softly. "I'll help you."

Jane crawled up on the bed between Amy's legs and looked down at her vagina, and then up again at her friend, a little nervous. Amy nodded encouragingly, and reached out to caress Jane's hair. She gently guided Jane down towards her mound. Jane tentatively kissed the slit like a mouth which made Amy coo appreciatively.

The taller girl gripped Jane's hair and wriggled her hips, rubbing her pussy on Jane's mouth. Jane took the hint and kissed deeper, pressing her tongue to Amy's labia. She had to admit that she liked the taste. Her tongue swirled and lapped as she dug in. Amy liked what she was doing, too, judging by the soft moans and shivers.

"That's it," Amy purred, grinding on her mouth and tugging her hair tighter. Jane drove her tongue in deeper, swirling inside her friend.

Jane tongued and licked and lapped at Amy's juicy slit for a long time, and could tell her friend was really, really wet. However, it didn't seem like she was building to climax. Jane flicked her tongue upwards over Amy's clit, remembering how much stimulating hers had helped.

"Ohhh fuck, yes," Amy growled, tugging Jane against her clit tighter. She took that as a cue and started to suck and lick harder and faster, working the hard bud with her mouth until she was rewarded with Amy's entire body shuddering in orgasm. The taller blonde had to bite her pillow to stifle a scream.

Jane relented at last and watched Amy twitch and shiver. Eventually her roomie lay back on the bed with a blissful smile. 

"You taste so good," Jane told her.

"Thanks," Amy giggled. "Guess that means we can do that again?"

"Often," Jane laughed back.

***

Amy intentionally set her alarm to go off earlier than usual, and on vibrate instead of as a noise, so as to not wake Jane. There had a been a number of unusual things the day before that had made her curious, and she wanted to see if she could confirm her suspicions. 

First, the day before she had dreamed about dancing with a boy who kept rubbing his thing against her bottom. It had been very sensual, and she'd woken up horny. She'd been vaguely aware of Jane getting out of bed in a hurry and then taking her time in the bathroom. When Amy got up she had led Jane into the shower for some fun, but she had noticed an odd detail: the toilet seat in the bathroom had been up. She hadn't heard Jane puking so it was an unusual sight. 

Two days before she had been fascinated by the way Jane's clit protruded. It hadn't done that yesterday at all, but at lunch Amy had noticed Jane squirming and re-adjusting her skirt an awful lot. She had heard from friends that she'd left the classroom in a hurry that afternoon. Something was definitely up with her roommate.

It was dim in the room as it was still early morning, before either of them usually woke up. Amy woke up on her side of the two beds, on her side. She rolled slowly to look at Jane. Jane was laying on her back with her face tipped to the opposite side of the bed, away from Amy but definitely asleep. One of her hands was up on her pillow, the other across her tummy under her breasts. The bedsheet was up over them so it was held down by her arm. 

Amy smiled to see Jane sleeping so peacefully. She had always been a sweet girl but now she was more beautiful than ever, having blossomed in the last few weeks. Amy propped her head on her hand to look at her gorgeous roomie while she slept.

Her eyes slid down over Jane's full bosom to look at the area where her theory started. The way Jane's legs were sprawled under the sheet made her examination fruitless, however, there were too many folds in the sheet to see anything definitive. Amy would have to try again another time or investigate further. She bit her lip, because she didn't want Jane to wake up too soon, and wasn't sure how soundly she would sleep. Generally she was out like a light but one couldn't be too careful.

Amy waited a few breaths to make sure Jane was still asleep and then she slowly worked her hand down to grasp the bedsheet and tug it out from under Jane's arm. Then she gradually lifted it up to peek underneath. Just as she was getting it up out of the way to look between Jane's legs, the other girl rolled in her sleep towards Amy. She had to stifle a gasp as her heart leapt in her chest. She let go of the sheet and held completely still as Jane draped an arm over her and snuggled against her body.

Her pulse pounded as she waited to see if Jane would awaken, but the other girl just cuddled in and seemed happily asleep. Now Amy didn't know what to do. Jane's head was pillowed on her shoulder, pinning her arm. She could grab the sheet with her other hand, but she wouldn't be able to see past Jane. Amy sighed.

Jane murmured in her sleep and nuzzled into Amy's neck. It felt nice to snuggle with her roomie, but it wasn't helping Amy investigate her curiosity. Oh well, maybe she'd try again another time, or another way. Jane snuggled closer and draped her leg over Amy's body a bit. Then, Amy felt it. Jane's pelvis was tipped to press against Amy's hip, and where it should have been smooth there was something hard and bulging and warm.

Did Jane actually have a cock?

Amy's eyes widened as she tried to make sense of what she was feeling. Since she couldn't use her hands she had to sort out what her hip was touching. Definitely something warm. Something hard, Fleshy. She shifted her hips just a little to move her skin against the protrusion. It definitely felt like a meaty tube, cylindrical in shape and long. It sure felt like a dick! 

Jane was a girl. Amy had fingered and licked her pussy herself. How could she have a penis? But the other day her clit had definitely been bigger than average. Amy theorized that it was retractable, somehow, and could change size. That was incredible! A girl with a disappearing penis. There was something freaky but also really cool about that -- it made Jane unique. Amy had always liked both boys and girls, and Jane had the sex organs of both. That could be seen as weird but also as a sexy opportunity, if Amy kept an open mind about it.

It wasn't like Jane was foisting it on her or anything. She had been keeping it a secret, and considering how unusual it was that made sense. The poor girl had always been a little different, hitting puberty later than everyone else and being naturally shy. It wasn't like she'd grow a penis and then announce it to the whole school. If Amy had developed something similar she would probably have been nervous about it herself. She felt bad for Jane, it must have been so confusing.
