 Jane looked up at her pretty roommate, Amy, who had just asked if she could kiss Jane's girlcock. It was weird enough that her clit could swell up into a penis and that Amy didn't seem to mind and had just masturbated Jane to orgasm. Wanting to do more was flabbergasting to Jane. She had been confused ever since her clit started acting oddly and, while she enjoyed how it felt, she wasn't quite sure what to think or feel about it yet. 

She blushed as she looked at Amy, who was licking her fingers and looking at Jane's cock like it was the most interesting thing in the world. Jane had never been the centre of attention for anyone before. Amy's affection was important to her. She found it emotionally moving and it also added to her confusion. What if her ejaculate could get Amy sick? She didn't want her friend to be kind to her only to have terrible consequences.

"I'm not sure," Jane admitted sheepishly. 

For one thing, her body was still shivery with the pleasure of her latest orgasm. Jane had sticky cum splatters on her lower abdomen and her thighs, as well as a few drippy gobs clinging to her shaft. The tip was still glossy with her juices. Every time she had cum so far her penis had shrunk back down to a regular clit almost as soon as she was finished, so it was a little odd that she was still hard. Her body was still sensitive and she wasn't sure she could take more stimulation so soon.

But she was still erect, almost as if her cock welcomed Amy's attention.

"I'm still really sensitive," she tried to explain when Amy looked up at her.

"That's okay," Amy smiled. "There's no rush, babe."

Amy leaned down, looking into Jane's eyes, and gently kissed one of the cum gobs on her stomach. Jane felt her tummy tense and her body tingle as Amy sensually licked up her cream while giving Jane a "fuck me" stare. Her whole body ached with the desire she saw in Amy's eyes. Jane had to admit her roomie was sexy.

"I just want you to know that I like your cock," Amy said softly, kissing lightly down to the next cum spot. "I like her a lot."

Amy said that and then very slowly, very deliberately, sucked Jane's skin to draw more of the fluid into her mouth. Jane moaned. Both the feeling and the sight of what Amy was doing were making her harder and more aroused. Her cock ached with feeling and a bead of juice leaked from the tip.

Jane's head swirled. Amy was flirting, being deliberately sexually provocative, and confusing Jane at the same time. Ever since Amy had seen Jane's erection she'd been calling it a "she" instead of an "it." 

"Why do you say that?" Jane asked.

"Say what?" Amy asked, licking a line down Jane's thigh to the next cum splash. She licked it up as Jane shuddered with lust.

"You keep calling my 'thing' a 'her.' How come?"

"Your 'thing'? You mean your cock?" Amy smiled, emphasizing the last word with a sensual resonance. 

Jane couldn't help but blush again as she nodded. "Yeah."

"I don't know," Amy shrugged, licking the inside of Jane's thigh as she looked up at the other girl. "You're a girl. A very beautiful, sweet, fun girl. You've always been a little shy and I can only imagine how nerve-wracking it must be to discover you can grow a cock. So I want to emphasize to you that you're still a girl, with a girl-cock. So I call your cock a 'she.' Does that make sense?"

Jane nodded. "I guess so. It's just..."

"What?"

"I really like it," Jane blushed again, feeling sheepish. 

Amy grinned mischievously. She wrapped her hand around Jane's shaft with a light touch, lifting it out of the way so she could tease her tongue along Jane's pussy lips. 

"You like that I talk to her?" Amy said between licks. Jane nodded again, biting her lip. Amy's tongue was making her so wet and so hard.

Amy gently stroked Jane's stiff cock as she ran her tongue over the girl's wet labia, tasting her. Jane's juices were similar in flavour to her cockcum, where they differed was in their consistency. One was light and wet, the other was thicker and creamier. They were both intoxicating to Amy, who was soaking wet from teasing and playing with Jane. She'd never been so aroused by anyone, ever.

"Please let me kiss her, then," Amy purred to Jane. "You like the way I talk to her, I bet you'll LOVE the way I treat her."

Jane's head swam and buzzed. She could hardly think, she felt so warm. Amy was making her delirious. She just bit her lip and nodded, squirming on the bed. Amy grinned again and then ran her tongue up Jane's meaty shaft, really slow. It felt so good the way she took her time and savoured each millimetre. Jane whimpered.

Amy smiled and then turned her attention to Jane's cock. She lightly stroked her hand up and down shaft, sensually caressing the length.

"Hi there," she said directly to Jane's cock. "I'm Amy. We're going to be good friends."

Jane's cock answered Amy by dribbling out a big, fat bead of precum juice from the little slit at the top. Amy licked her lips.

"I'm going to kiss you, Janey-cock," she told the swollen head. 

Jane's cock twitched and leaked another drop, making the tip all glossy wet again. Amy pursed her lips and gently, tenderly kissed the thick glans. Jane shivered and let out a gasp at how soft and sweet Amy's lips felt there. Amy brushed her lips back and forth over the wet head, making her lips shiny, and then proceeded to kiss it over and over. Jane shivered and moaned as Amy's hand kept stroking the aching hard shaft.

"Oh, wowwwwww..." Jane intoned as Amy kept kissing the sensitive head of her girldick. 

She kept feeling pulses of pleasure run up the shaft and into her body. It made her wriggle and squirm on the bed. Her fingers gripped at the sheet, her toes curled. She couldn't' think straight at all. Her shaft kept throbbing and leaking fluids. Jane moaned when she felt Amy's tongue lick a circle over the knob of her cock to collect the juices she was emitting. Amy did this whenever the drops got too thick in her mouth, and otherwise kept up the kisses.

Amy wasn't quite giving Jane a blowjob, there was no sucking per se, but rather it was like she was making out with Jane's cock, kissing all around and under the meaty tip. Jane kept shivering and whimpering as her friend cherished her cock.

"OH, Amyyyyyyy," Jane groaned, her hips bucking. 

Amy was holding Jane's shaft in her soft hand, caressing up and down as she ran her lips over the tip again and again. When Jane bucked like that she felt the tip rub along her cheek, smearing a line of juice on her skin. She gripped a little tighter to hold Jane's dick steady and continue her kisses.

"FUCK!" Jane moaned, feeling Amy's lips again.

Amy was enjoying the power she had over Jane's pleasure, she loved making the girl react. She was delighted by the whole experience, it was so interesting that Jane's skin was soft to the touch but so hard where she was erect. She couldn't get enough of kissing the tip and feeling the difference between both at once, soft and hard. Jane tasted so good too, and she really liked how the other girl reacted when she ran her tongue over the juices. Mmmm!

"You like it when I kiss you, don't you Janey-cock?" Amy purred to the engorged shaft, and then she ran her tongue from the base to the tip again. Jane's cock twitched and throbbed under her tongue. "Good thing I like kissing you so much, too."

She wriggled her tongue at the spot where the shaft met the head on the underside, and grinned when she saw Jane practically jump with pleasure. The shorter girl writhed and moaned on the bed as Amy's tongue teased her.

Jane's cock was so swollen and hard that Amy could actually see it pulse and throb. It was positively leaking juices now, in a never-ending flow that dribbled down her shaft and onto her stomach. It was making Jane's skin all slick and shiny. Amy moaned, leaning forward, and dipped her tongue into the pool it was making in Jane's navel. Jane shivered and mewled as Amy's breastbone sandwiched her cock between them. Amy's perky breasts rubbed against Jane's body. Her cock slid along Amy's skin, and it was so soft and warm and sexy.

Amy licked and nibbled Jane's taut belly, tasting the sticky juices on her friend's skin. The throbbing cock against her cleavage felt good too. She could feel it leaking fluid onto her body. She rubbed more firmly against her friend.

"Oh, Amy," Jane moaned again, looking into her friend's face. She ran her fingers through Amy's hair. 

The taller girl smiled and turned her mouth to catch Jane's hand, kissing first her palm and then licking up her fingers. Jane shuddered, it felt ticklish and sexy at the same time. Amy was wriggling to rub her body against Jane's cock, and every moment was part of a sensual journey of exploration. It was like they were learning what was sexy together, and all of it was sexy.

"I want you to cum again," Amy moaned, sliding up to kiss Jane. She moved her body so she was half-on and half-beside her friend. She wrapped her hand around Jane's shaft and started to stroke.

"Ohhhhmmmmm," Jane moaned into Amy's lips as they kissed deep. Amy's pumping grip was making her cock ache so hard, and her buttocks and thighs tensed as she flexed and squirmed from the pleasure. It was almost painful it was so good.

Amy swirled her tongue in Jane's sweet mouth, prodding and thrusting as she jerked and stroked the girl's sexy dick. She could feel the shaft swell in her grip, and the way the fluids leaked all over her fingers. It was so hot and sticky and sexy. She pumped Jane's cock faster as she tongue-fucked her mouth. Jane was trying to suck on her tongue, but was also moaning and whimpering uncontrollably as Amy drove her towards another climax.

Jane's whole body stiffened and then she was squirming against Amy's body, trying to grab hold, writhing and spasming. Her cock got thick and hot in Amy's grip and then it was spurting, shooting out a fountain of cum that sprayed their tits, their tummies, their chins. 

"So much cum!" Amy moaned with surprise between kisses. Her body tingled wherever Jane's hot cream landed. It felt so erotic. She loved this. She wanted more.

Jane, however, needed a break. When Amy looked at her she saw that the poor girl had passed out.

***

Jane found her morning exhausting. Amy had managed to rouse her with enough time to shower and grab a quick breakfast, but she was otherwise dragging through the day. Her body felt all worn out and empty, and she was just daydreaming through classes. It wasn't a bad day, exactly, just a feeling of unreality. What was happening in the real world around her wasn't nearly so interesting as what had happened that morning.

It was interesting to feel so physically satisfied because it meant she could think about recent events without being distracted by her arousal. She could just recall it and think about what it all meant. She'd had growth spurts, somehow developed a retractable clit/penis, been masturbated by the school nurse, and then entered into a sexual relationship with her roommate. They hadn't had traditional, penetrative sex, but they were sure kissing, fingering and licking a lot. Did that make them girlfriends? They hadn't talked about anything like that.

All Jane knew was that she had a secret she didn't entirely understand and she was enjoying Amy's acceptance of it so far. Maybe that was enough? There were only a few weeks until school ended and then she might have more time to figure out the "big picture." Since there wasn't any impending crisis demanding she resolve it, Jane decided that the best thing to do was to "go with the flow" and just enjoy exploring with Amy. They could figure out things as they went along.

When Jane saw Amy at lunch she gave her roomie a big hug and a smile.

"Someone's in a good mood," Amy giggled.

"Just glad to see you. You've been awesome the last few days."

"Awww, I'm glad you think so. We can talk about it later?" Amy smiled.

"Sure," Jane smiled back. Amy gave her hand a squeeze and then they concentrated on getting food and talking to their friends.

Jane felt a lot better after eating, drinking a lot of water and spending time with Amy. She was much more able to concentrate in classes that afternoon and wasn't so distracted. Having relaxed about her "new status" and physical changes, she was less anxious than usual. In fact, Jane had never felt so good about herself. She smiled for a change.

After class she headed back to her dorm room. She went to the bathroom and checked herself out in the long mirror on the back of the door. Jane had to admit, she had changed a lot. She was taller now, though not as tall as the leggy Amy, and her blond hair had become a lot more lustrous than before. It was still straight and light blond, where Amy's was wavier and more honey gold in colour, but somehow Jane's hair looked softer and more inviting to the touch than before her growth spurt.

Likewise, her face had matured. She looked like a beautiful young woman instead of a teeny girl. Her lips were fuller, kissable, and her eyes sparkled in a way they just never had previously. Her lashes were full and curly. The most dramatic change was that she had gone from no bra to needing a C-cup, with her breasts being firm and full. She still had her slender waist but that just emphasized how busty she had become, and her bottom matched. She had a round, lush bum that definitely hadn't been like that before - she remembered feeling very flat compared to everyone else. Now she was a bit of a bombshell.

Before she might have blushed or been embarrassed by the changes, especially since even with new clothes she was kind of busting out of them - her tummy showed above her skirt and her cleavage showed in the school blouse and vest. Jane laughed, because she looked more like a porno fantasy of a school girl than an actual student. The pretty woman in the mirror laughing with her was hot, she had to admit.

Agreeing with her, her girlcock started to stiffen in her panties as she posed and admired herself in the mirror. Jane was making herself horny! She giggled.

"You need some attention?" she asked her crotch. 

Jane slid out of her skirt and then took off her blouse and bra. She looked at herself in the mirror and saw a gorgeous blonde with a bulge in her panties. Jane teased her fingers over the straining fabric and then slid the underwear down. She wrapped her hand around her engorged shaft. It sure felt good.

"Oh, yeah," she purred, closing her eyes and stroking her girldick.

Jane shivered and tingled as she worked her soft hand along her hard shaft. Amy's touch was sexy but it was really over stimulating in a way, it made Jane cum fast and hard. She could take her time and explore sensations when she touched herself. It was sexy to caress every inch slowly, feel the difference between the tip, the crest of the head, the underside, the top. All of it felt good but each part had its own nuances.

She wondered if boys explored their penises like this? Did they stroke and explore, find out what it looked like and felt like from every angle? Jane was curious about her cock because it was new, so she wondered if boys just took it for granted because they had theirs for their whole lives, or if they had the same sensual curiosity. Either way, she was enjoying her cock.

Jane heard the dorm room door open. Amy called out for her.

"I'm in the bathroom," Jane called back.

"You busy?" Amy asked.

"Not so busy you can't join me," Jane teased back.

Amy giggled and came to the door, and Jane let her in. Amy's eyes widened when she saw Jane's stiff erection.

"Somebody's happy to see me!"

Jane chuckled. "Sure am."

She pulled Amy close and kissed her, cupping her friend's face with one hand and putting her other arm around her. Amy sank into this kiss, moaning with pleasure, reaching down to stroke Jane.

Jane pressed Amy against the wall, kissing her hungrily, her cock throbbing in her friend's hand. Amy stroked her faster, her thumb rubbing the fat head. Jane's tongue swirled in Amy's mouth as the taller girl sucked on it. They both made wet, pleased sounds as they kissed and kissed.

"Fuck, you're horny today," Amy breathed against Jane's lips.

"You've made me come to life," Jane moaned back between impassioned kisses. She squeezed the taller girl's ass.

They kissed and stroked and groped against the wall, feeling the tension and heat build between them. Amy was squirming against Jane's body as she stroked the shorter girl's hard shaft. She wanted so much.

"I want you," she gasped as they kissed and touched.

"I want you," Jane agreed, moaning and writhing.

"No, I really, really want you," Amy whimpered, stepping back, taking off her top and skirt and then sliding out of her panties. She ran her hand over her wet pussy lips.

"Oh!" Jane gasped, and then blushed a little, for the first time having some of her earlier meekness. "There?"

Amy nodded and smiled seductively. "Please?"

Jane bit her lip. Her cock ached with desire at what Amy was asking, but she didn't know if she was ready. Was it safe? What would happen? Would their relationship change? There were so many unknowns.

"I'm not sure yet, but I do want you to feel good..."

Jane took Amy by the hand and laid her down on the bed in the bedroom. She kissed her friend deeply, laying with her. She ran her hand over Amy's labia and stroked, making the other girl moan. She rubbed her cock against Amy's thigh and hip.

"Can't we just enjoy exploring a bit more, and think about... more... later?" she asked as she slid two fingers into Amy, pumping.

Amy moaned as Jane fingered her and got her thumb on Amy's clit, rubbing her. Her walls contracted wetly, squeezing Jane's thrusting digits. She felt so good with her friend. Something about Jane was intoxicating. She loved feeling her, smelling her, tasting her. Jane was grinding against her and the feeling of Jane's girlcock on her skin was so hot. She leaked juices on Jane's fingers and moaned.

"I'm going to make you cum," Jane told her friend, and Amy nodded and whimpered.

Jane worked her hand faster and faster into Amy's slick hole, her thumb working the girl's sensitive clit. Amy groaned and wriggled. Jane went faster, sitting up so she could rub her cock along the girl's soft thigh. She really wanted to do what Amy wanted to do, her cock was so hard, but she wasn't sure of the consequences. They would have to be careful, at least for now.

Amy was so close to orgasm. She loved that Jane had initiated this encounter, usually she was the more assertive one. That turned her on. She squirmed and writhed as her climax built.

Jane saw that Amy was close and moved atop her friend. She wanted to give her at least some of what she needed. Jane straddled Amy so her cock shaft was pressed up against her labia and clit, rubbing back and forth, kind of like tribbing but with her dick. Amy felt the heat and hardness against her as she came, crying out in pleasure, her juices flowing. Jane thrust and rocked, simulating sex without actually penetrating Amy, but it was still sexy and felt good. They held each other as Jane started to cum, spurting on Amy's stomach in a flood that made them both shudder and moan.

Amy cuddled Jane against her, stroking her hair. They lay together panting and twitching with aftershocks of bliss.

"I really do want you inside me," Amy whispered to her friend.

Jane moaned. "That's so hot. I just don't know what will happen. I want to be careful, is that okay?"

"Of course it is," Amy said, kissing her forehead. "I just want you to know... I want you."

Jane blushed and smiled and then kissed her friend.

***

They went to dinner and Jane got the distinct impression that she was being stared at, which was an unsettling feeling because she had never really felt it before. She looked around and caught not just one or two, but several girls glancing in her direction and then looking away. She leaned in close to Amy and whispered to her.
