 Day 1

My life is incredible, and I fucking love the hell out of it, but it's grown lonely... I guess that's why I'm starting this blog. Of course, I'm not just posting it to the Internet proper. Just want to share my story, but I don't want the damn superheroines finding this. So I'm posting this to the deep web, places where only like-minded people can find it. Luckily the people who run the Heroine Abuse Network are being kind enough to host this blog. It also doesn't hurt that the H.A.N. are PAYING me for my story.

And what is my story, oh dear readers? Well, before we get to that I should probably introduce myself: I am the supervillain known as The Improbable Man. Yeah, I know, you haven't heard of me. That's another reason I've made this deal with the H.A.N., to help get my name out there to the right crowds. 

So I'm kind of new on the scene... in fact, just a couple months ago I was a superhero in training at The Academy. Of course, it didn't take me long to see that the life of a villain is MUCH better. And I've been enjoying all the benefits of living outside the law. But now I'm ready for some fame and recognition.

"But what can you do?" I hear you asking. Well, I'll tell you, but it's kind of a secret. See, when I enrolled at The Academy I thought my powers let me alter probability in my favor. But while at The Academy I discovered I could actually stop time and manually change the world around me. But wait, there's more! I also discovered that I wasn't just able to just move things around me, but that if I concentrated I could alter the thoughts and desires of the minds of those nearby as well! Although I can affect people's minds when time is moving, it's always more affective when time is stopped.

These powers are FUCKING AWESOME. I can go anywhere, steal anything, move anything, even pose people like living dolls! And I can manipulate their minds, conditioning them to act or do what I want after time unfreezes. So what would you do with those kinds of powers? Well, if I know the kind of people that will be accessing a blog hosted by the Heroine Abuse Network then I'm pretty sure I know: fuck superheroines. And you know what? That's EXACTLY what I plan on doing with my powers!

Luckily for you I'll be keeping this blog so you can get an almost daily blow-by-blow account of my exploits, sexual or otherwise.

So now you know a little bit about who I am and what I'm about, but I bet your wondering where I am. I mean, there are so many places in the world full of tasty looking superheroines. Everyone has their favorite: Destiny City, the jungle paradise of Agrainia, The Academy, Megatropolis, and the list goes on!

I had to really think about it. I knew The Academy was out, been there done that shit. Destiny City tempted me, but it was too close to The Academy. I've got good reasons to give that place some space for the time being. The heroines that hang out in Agrainia are pretty hot, but honestly I don't think I'd like the heat and humidity down there. 

That left good old Megatropolis: crime capital of the United States. As they say in villain hideouts all across the world: if you can make it there you can make it anywhere! So that's where I headed, and that's where I am now.

I'm writing this from the comfort of the presidential suite in one of the nicest hotels in the city. Yes, I'm living the life of luxury, although I'm being careful not to draw TOO much attention to myself. 

In fact, that's how I prefer to go about my business. Unlike most super powered supervillains, or even the numerous non-powered gangs that infest this city, I don't go in for a flashy costume. Sure, I've got an outfit I wear most days, but it doesn't make me look like a supervillain. Just a simple pair of black jeans and a white tank top with a purple hoodie over it.

I've become pretty fond of purple... not long after I left The Academy my hair and my eyes turned purple. Wasn't too freaked out by it, a lot of people with an active Power-Gene go through those kinds of physical changes. Thought about dying my hair or wearing a hat to hide the color, but honestly in a city like this having weird hair helps you blend in for the most part. And I've grown fond of the color... Of course, I also keep on a thick pair of sunglasses at most times. It helps hide my purple eyes, a dead giveaway that I have an active Power-Gene.

I took a bus into town; I figured who pays attention to the buses? Certainly not anyone that would notice me, and most certainly not any Superheroines. All I had with me was the clothes on my back and a backpack stuffed full of stolen money. When you can stop time, make the bank tellers open the vault, and then simply walk out will all the money you can carry getting money isn't a problem! 

The problem, dear readers, is that stealing money that way just isn't fun or challenging. And when you spend money you didn't work for, well, it's just not the same. And yeah, I'm getting paid handsomely by the H.A.N. for this gig, but it isn't REALLY about the money! It's about the prestige that comes from EARNING the money. See, when you can have anything you want it suddenly feels all the more important to EARN things.

Anyways, back to my first day. I got into to town super early. Got off the bus. Went and got a hotel room. Not under my name, of course. Didn't even have to get a fake I.D., I just had to stop time and make the idiot working the front counter THINK he saw a different name on the I.D. I have. Though I could go into details, it was all pretty boring and mundane.

Once I was settled into my temporary home I knew it was time for some surveillance. Megatropolis is lousy with superheroines but everyone knows the Megatropolis Amazons are the big game in town. So I headed right to their base of operations, Freedom Tower.

The best-funded group of superheroines in town are going to have a home base full of security measures. And I'm sure having a superhuman tech genius on the team helps ensure the security is top notch. Hell, I've even heard rumors they had some kind of run in recently with a villain that ALMOST defeated them, and that they had to really buff up their security during that ordeal.

The thing is, no matter how good their security is it all goes away when you stop time. Really the only thing that stops me is a thick, locked door. But these Amazons have civilians working security on the lower levels, so all I had to do was reach into their minds and suggest they go and open the doors for me. Then I unfroze time, waited till the locked doors were open, and refroze time.

Once inside Freedom Tower and past their security measures I took my time – bad joke, I know – wandering through the building. Worked out a good mental map of their base's layout, what they had and where it all was.

At first I was a little weirded out by the fact that I hadn't spotted any of the five superheroines that I knew were on the team. It was early in the day so I thought most of them would still be home. I was starting to think that they were all out on patrol, even the support members, but then I stumbled upon them.

It seemed they were all engaged in a morning workout. Well, four of them were. I was wondering where the fifth one was and had to wander around for a while before I found her. She was in an observation room hidden next to the gym. The weirdo was lurking in the dark, just watching the rest of her team through a one-way mirror. And you won't believe this shit, but do you know what she was doing? Fucking fingering herself to the sight of them all working out!

I was all, "Whoa! What's going on here, I'm gonna need to figure this shit out." Previously I'd done some research on the team and "knew" who each of them were. So I pulled up a chair and sat next to the frozen heroine playing with herself. Time to look them all over and properly put all their faces to their names.

The woman next to me was a hot piece of Latina ass. She was dressed in a skimpy costume that kind of reminded me of a stage magician's outfit. The fishnet stockings she had on showed off her shapely legs. She had a corset on under her jacket that really pushed her tits up, made them look a lot bigger than they probably were. But what she was lacking in bust size (for a heroine at least) she made up for in a big curvy ass.

Psychia. That's who she was. A potent telepath, but not much of a fighter. She tended to stay behind at Freedom Tower and work as a dispatcher. Everything I read about her said she rarely leaves Freedom Tower, but when she does she tends to end up in some pretty kinky predicaments. The rumors in villain circles are that she seems to get off on being captured and sexually used more than the rest of her teammates. We all know that an active Power-Gene comes with a super charged libido, but it seems hers was EXTRA super charged.

The telepathic powers could be a problem for me... If she could get into my mind before I stopped time she could probably take me down pretty fast. I knew if I was going to be hanging around the team and fucking with them I would have to make sure she wasn't going to be putting a stop to it.

I massaged her mind so that she wouldn't pay attention to me while time was moving. I'd done this plenty of times before, it was kind of like becoming invisible. Of course, it wears off after a short amount of time, but I can just stop time and reapply the mental message and then BAM: the person won't see me again.

My attention then turned to the gym, to get a really good a good look at what she had been watching when I found her. There were five people in the room: four women and one man. The dude confused me; I hadn't read anything about there being any men on the team. Then I recalled reading something about the team employing a fitness expert that helped keep them in shape. Figured that's who the dude must be.

He was standing next to a bench press, watching the woman on it lift weights. And the woman had a shit ton of weights on the barbell she was lifting! None of the heroines in the gym were in their costumes, instead they all wore the same black two piece workout clothes. But even with that it was pretty easy to figure out who most of them were. 

The woman lifting weights had an impressively curvy body with exceptionally impressive large breasts. She had short raven colored hair and was wearing a metal crown like tiara thing on her head. Archbaroness, team founder and leader. No one that followed superheroines could mistake those tits, even squished into a tight top like she was wearing. I had heard she was pretty strong even though she didn't look it. Seeing how much weight she was lifting, I believed it now! It's probably best if I avoid getting hit by that one...

Not far from her was a young looking blond chick running on a treadmill. Well, she wasn't actually running since time was frozen, but you know what I mean. Her youthfulness was a dead giveaway: Champion Girl the youngest and newest member of the team. Her blond hair was pulled back in two short pig tails. She had pretty damn small breasts, but that's okay I guess. They can't all have tits as amazing as Archbaroness.

Her skin was kind of weird looking, pasty and off color. I've heard that's because the chick is physically invulnerable. If that's true it means I'll be able to have plenty of fun with her without having to worry about breaking the young thing.

My eyes were next drawn to a huge, hulking red skinned woman. Only one woman in Megatropolis that big: Brickhouse. Once I really got a good look at her I was kind of stunned my eyes weren't drawn to her to begin with. She stood at last a foot taller than the next tallest person in the room. And she was so fucking buff and muscular that she barely looked like a chick. But as I looked at her I got to thinking maybe banging a chick that buff could be hot, ya know?

I took a good look at her face. Her nose was kind of flat and her face structure seemed off... then it dawned on me: chick was African-American! With the red skin I bet most people don't even notice.

Her top was a little different than the ones the rest of them had on. It looked tighter, and appeared to be made out of some kind of high tech fibers. I've heard some rumors about her breasts... they looked pretty damn small, so I was having a hard time believing what I'd heard. But I supposed I'd get the chance to find out the truth eventually. And for those reading this that don't know what the rumors are, well, let's say I don't want to spoil the surprise if they turn out to be true.

The final figure in the room was a small, thin, mousy looking woman. Champion Girl had small breasts, but this chick was positively flat chested. In fact thinking back on what she looked like naked, I might even describe her as probably boyish. She didn't look strong, which was kind of a dead giveaway as to who she was: Lab Rat, the teams resident tech genius. Honestly I was surprised to see her even bothering to work out. When she did leave Freedom Tower and go into the field she did so in a suit of powered armor.

So there you have it, the Megatropolis Amazons. All of them right there in front of me just waiting to be played with. Looking back at Psychia I figured she must be pretty sex starved to be sitting her playing with herself to the sight of them all working out. I decided maybe I would use my powers to give her a better show. So I started putting ideas and desires into all of their heads. Then I got comfortable in my chair, unfroze time, and let the show begin!

The first thing I noticed after time jerked back into moving forward was everyone in the room in front of me starting to shift uncomfortably, as if their bodies suddenly felt weird. Next they all started looking around at everyone else in the room and licking their lips, desire filling their eyes.

The dude standing next to Archbaroness started rubbing his dick through his pants, his eyes positively transfixed by Archbaroness' breasts. She kept pumping weights, but I noticed her nipples had gotten rock hard. I mean, hell, I could see them through her top and from across the room! The guy moved behind the bench press so he was standing above her head. Archbaroness titled her head back and looked up at him. She smiled at him and said something, but I couldn't hear what it was through the glass. He smiled back then he just pulled his damn dick out of his gym shorts!

Even with my mental pushes to feel horny and turned on I didn't expect the dude to just whip his dick out so fast. But he did and Archbaroness didn't even bat an eyelash. She simply kept pumping weights but with her head tilted back and her mouth open. The guy didn't need any more invitation that than, he slid his dick into her mouth and started fucking her face.

A moment later Champion Girl noticed them. I saw her clap her hands and laugh happily. She leapt off her treadmill and clear across the room. I was pretty impressed she could jump that far, then I remembered she could fly. She landed in front of Archbaroness and immediately got out of her clothes. Then she grabbed Archbaroness' shorts and pulled them off. Archbaroness responded to this simply by spreading her legs wide so Champion Girl had easy access to her now bare snatch. A moment later Champion Girl was on her knees and diving into her team leader's muff.

I was utterly shocked. I hadn't suggested thing moves this far this fast. Was this team of famous superheroines THIS oversexed? Take Psychia sitting next to me. Remember, I hadn't done anything to her mind other than ensuring she didn't see me. And yet she didn't look shocked or surprised by her teammate's activities in the least. In fact she had simply leaned forward more and was masturbating more vigorously know, muttering, "yes, more, more!" to herself.

Turning, I looked back into the room. While I had been looking at Psychia, Lab Rat and Brickhouse had come over to join their teammates. Lab Rat, like Champion Girl, had stripped. She was lying on the ground and on her back, her head slid under Champion Girl's body. She had a firm hold on the young woman's thighs, her head lifted up into the air so she could eat the girl out while SHE ate out Archbaroness. 

Oh, but that wasn't all, dear reader. On the ground making herself at home between Lab Rat's legs was Brickhouse. The massive woman was happily licking the small woman's pussy. It was like a living fuck train of oral sex!

It occurred to me that I could just freeze time again and head into the gym and start fucking the lot of them. In fact, I could probably spend days or even weeks having my way with all of their bodies, but that wouldn't be fun. Well, okay, it would be a LITTLE fun. But I've come to expect more in my chasing of capes. I like to SEE them fucked as much as I like fucking them myself.

So I sat there and watched the mostly lesbian orgy in front of me. But first I unzipped my pants, pulled my cock out, and grabbed the lube I keep in my pocket. As I stroked and watched my mind started working... I wanted to do more than just fuck them all at once. No, I figure I'll choose one of them at a time, have some fun fucking with them for a day or two before moving onto the next one. And of course I'll be writing all about it here for you to read about.

Psychia was making a lot of noise sitting next to me masturbating. I kept looking over at her and jerking off to the sight of her diddling herself to the sight I had been jerking off to. It was all just too much jerking off! 

So I froze time. Getting up, I carried her to my chair. Yeah, I know, that makes me sound like a real beefcake. But really, I'm not that strong. The thing is when time is frozen things don't really have any weight. Which means I can pick up just about anything and move it around with incredible ease. And I can leave things just hanging there in the air. It's pretty damn cool!

I turned my chair around so the one way mirror was to my right. Then I repositioned Psychia in front of my chair, posing her on her knees. Sitting down, I grabbed my dick in one hand and her head in the other and slid my cock into her mouth. Lastly, I reached into her head and added the impulse to suck the cock in her mouth.

I unfroze time. Psychia's head immediately started bobbing up and down my cock. But her eyes weren't locked on me, she was looking to the side still watching the orgy in the gym next to us. She even kept masturbating to the sight. If someone had been in the room with us watching they might've thought she didn't even realize she was sucking me off. Because she didn't.

There is something just so damned pleasurable about making one of the most powerful women in the world suck your cock. I mean, it feels good and I LOVE cumming in some chicks mouth, but when I'm getting head from a heroine I slow my breathing and keep myself as calm as I can to make it last for as long as humanly possible. It's a total power trip, I know, and it's what I live for.

Watching her head bob up and down my shaft made me appreciate just how great my cock is. My dick is nice and long and plenty thick. Women with active P-Genes tend to have big tits, us men tend to have almost inhumanly large cocks. It's not exactly a rule, not all woman with an active P-Gen have big tits as I could see just by looking into the room next to me. And the same was true for dudes: some had normal sized dicks, some just a little big and some HUGE. And mine was right up there in size with the best of them. Not unmanageably big, but more than big enough to be proud of. My understanding is it looks even bigger than it is because I'm so small and wiry.

There I sat, enjoying the sight of a superheroine sucking me off while she watches her teammates fuck in the next room. She worked her way down my shaft in steady movements, taking me as far into her mouth as she could comfortably go. She kept her lips wrapped around her teeth so they didn't rub up against my sensitive skin. When I was deep in her mouth she ran her tongue in quick, firm circles around the head of my cock.
