 (All characters depicted in any form of sexual activity are 18 years of age or older)

I would like to thank my editor Todger65

Chapter 6: At the Club

Jill got out of mom's car and walked to the club door. As is always the case at clubs there's a line of people waiting to get in. Jill waited in line for about five minutes before going to the front where two huge bouncers stood, "Is there any way I can get in?"

The white guy looked her up and down, "Sorry lady there's plenty of younger chicks waiting to get in. Wait your turn and maybe you can get your old ass in."

"I may be older than some of these bimbos but that just means I know what I'm doing."

"Whatever you old bitch get back in line."

"Whatever you stupid kid," Jill cursed under her breath. 

She started her way back in line but before she made it two steps she felt a huge hand on her shoulder, "Wait a second momma."

Jill turned to see the black bouncer smiling down at her, "Yes? You want to call me an old woman too?"

"Of course not. I like a fine mature white momma, so tell you what I'll let you in but you got to give me a little something."

She gave him a naughty little grin, "Oh and what might that be?"

"Not much just a little head."

"I would but if it's little it may not be worth my time," she teased.

He laughed, "Oh I like you. Trust me I've got more than just a mouthful. Follow me." He led us in and through a door labeled employees only. It was just a supply closet; he locked the door, "Ok on your knees."

Jill dropped to her knees and from this angle this guy looked even bigger than he already did. Jill reached up and undid his pants and pulled them down revealing a huge bulge in his briefs. She started playing with him through his briefs, she used one hand to fondle his balls as she kissed and softly nibbled on his tool.

After a minute or so of that she reached up and pulled his briefs down very slowly. When they finally went over the head of his cock it sprang up and smacked against her chin. She giggled as she started stroking his cock. It was huge; it had to be 11 inches long and as thick as Jill's wrist. "So it too small for you?"

"No I think it's big enough," she winked up at him and took the head in her mouth. Ok this was a little weird for me but I had no way out at this point. It was like it was my tongue swirling around the bulbous head as it slid over my lips. This was not the first time I experienced being in the position of sucking a cock but my friend Dan is like four and a half inches long and thinner than my thumb.

Jill was soon taking his whole cock down her throat. I'm not sure who was more surprised him or me. "Damn bitch you sure know how to treat cock."

She pulled off him with a loud pop, "I said I knew what I was doing."

"You sure as fuck do, now finish me off baby." Jill continued sucking and jerking his log for several minutes, He was soon grunting and moaning. As he yelled he was cumming he grabbed Jill's head and forced his cock as deep as possible. His cock swelled even thicker as it twitched and sprayed what seemed like a gallon of spunk straight into Jill's belly. Even though Jill couldn't breathe she didn't fight at all. 

When he was finally done spurting he pulled out and she dropped to her hands as she gasped for breath. She finally was breathing normal after a few minutes and looked up to see he had left her there. Jill got herself composed then stood up and walked out onto the dance floor.

If I hadn't had been along for the ride I would never have known Jill nearly choked to death on a black cock the way she was acting. It got me wondering how often she did things like this so I delved back into her memories. It was like getting hit by a pornado all the images of my aunt with what had to be hundreds of different men and her fair share of women.

She must have done every kind of sex act at some point in her life, and I'm not sure because the memory seemed distorted but I think on her trip to Mexico she did some extremely kinky shit. I went through memory after memory just to see what I might find. There were ones of her in orgies, gang bangs, multiple threesome with both two chicks and two dudes, there was one where she sucked off a guy in broad daylight on a street corner, and so many other acts of depravity, I had to stop it was just too fucking much. 

I focused on the present and noticed something was different. The world seemed blurred and fuzzy. Then I got the answer why as she downed another shot of what looked like tequila. She was soon on the dance floor pressed between two guys as they rubbed their hard cocks against her ass and pussy. 

As these two guys grind against Jill I feel their hands all over her body, first over her clothes then under. After several minutes of that I feel my, I mean Jill's hands undoing the guy's jeans in front of her. She pulls his hard cock out right there on the dance floor and strokes him for about a minute, once she's sure he is fully hard she turns around and does the same to the other guy. As she slowly strokes these two strangers on the crowded dance floor they slowly pull her skirt up. At this point I'm sure Jill is going to put a stop to everything but instead she moans to them, "Come on boys don't be shy get those hard cocks in my soaking pussy."

They of course quickly took her up on that offer, and soon Jill, or should I say we, had two hard cocks drilling into her wet pussy. That went on for several minutes, I don't know how no one noticed this hot mature woman getting double fucked by two younger guys as crowded as it was. Neither of these guys were all that big, in fact one of them was well below average, but their combined effort soon had Jill cumming, soon followed by her two boy toys. As soon as they had both finished and redressed they left her there; skirt pulled up, cum running down her legs and recovering from her own orgasm.

I soon found out at least two guys did see what had happened because not 30 seconds after the first two left two more guys took their places, sandwiching Jill between them grinding their hard cocks against her ass and pussy. 

"Hi there sweet thang," the guy behind her whispered in her ear, "We liked what we saw and want some too. What you say want some more cock baby?"

I had to get out of this, but didn't know how. I can't just pop out of nowhere on a crowded dance floor. I thought back to what the book said about the ring, there was nothing about whether you could go from one setting to another while in a person only turning it off. It was a risk but when I felt Jill starting to undo the belt of the guy in front of her I was willing to take that risk. 

I pictured myself turning the ring from the square past the triangle to the circle, then whoosh. It was more intense than the other times and I felt like I was being pulled apart, but then it stopped and I was in control of Jill with this guy's dick in my hand. I pushed him away from me and pulled out of the other's grasp and made a break away from the dance floor. 

I ducked into the first door I found. When I focused on where I was I realized I was in the men's room. I quickly ducked into a stall and locked the door. I listened for a few seconds to make sure I was alone, when I didn't hear anything I turned off the ring.

Ok going from drunk off your ass to sober in a second's time is a very strange feeling. I turned around and found Jill with a just stupid look on her face. I took mom's keys and tried to get her to go with me and get her out of there but she just yelled at me saying she could do what she wanted.

At some point during this a guy came in and grabbed me, "Man the lady doesn't want to go with you."

"Dude get off me this is my aunt and she's clearly too drunk to drive and I'm trying to get her home."

"No I think you're some freak trying to take advantage of a drunk girl." I started to say something but his fist got in the way. As we were fighting she ran off and the next thing I know the big black bouncer is carrying me and throws me out a door into a pile of garbage.

I went around and tried to explain the situation but he just told me to get lost. When I didn't they told me they didn't remember me going in and if I didn't leave they'd call the cops for breaking in and attacking customers. 

I could have used the ring but even if I had gotten in I doubted I could have found Jill and gotten her to leave. I decided this was Jill's fault I didn't make her do any of what happened and from what I saw in her memories she had taken care of herself plenty of times before. I went to mom's car and sat there waiting to see what Jill did. 

Over an hour later she came out of the club with a big group of guys and before I could think of what I should do they drove off. I followed in mom's car for several blocks but lost them when they ran a red light and by the time it changed they were nowhere to be found. Since there wasn't really any other choice I decided to go home but didn't know how to explain having the car. 

Then I saw Jill's phone in the cup holder and sent myself a text message of the club's address and to pick up the car. I knew as drunk as she must be she wouldn't remember what happened. I tossed her phone under the driver seat so it looked like she dropped it before she went off with the guys. I drove the long way home to make up for the time between getting her text and getting home with the car.

When I got home mom was awake sitting on the couch and at 2 a.m. that was strange. "Mom why are you still up?"

"Because my sister, daughter and son where all still out at this hour."

"I'm sorry I'm so late but I went to a movie when I couldn't meet up with Braxton," a friend I made up, "and before I could come home I got this." 

I tossed her my phone open to the message I sent myself, "Ok so where is she?"

"Mom I'm guessing she sent that then went off with a guy, because she wasn't outside. So I just drove your car home."

"Well thank you Jim at least my car didn't get stolen when my slut of a sister left it."

"Mom you said Pam or Meagan where still out too?"

"Yes Meagan never came home."

"Well mom I'm sure you don't want to hear this but Meagan is most likely under or on some guy somewhere."

"Yep your older sister is so much like her aunt," she sort of chuckled.

The image of mom licking Jill's pussy popped into my head, "Come on mom I'm sure you had your naughty moments."

She blushed, "Maybe but I'm not telling you about it."

"Mom I'm sure if I wanted I could find out all kind of naughty things you've done."

"Don't bet on it mister."

"Mom was that a challenge?"

"No it was not young man," she laughed.

"Ok well when you want to make that bet just let me know," I teased.

"Never going to happen."

"We'll see," I grinned at her.

We both laughed, "Ok Jim it's late I'm sure both our sisters are in bed out there somewhere so why don't we get in bed ourselves."

I followed mom as we went upstairs, enjoying watching the bit of jiggle her ass has as it sways back and forth. We each went to our own bedroom door, "Night mom."

"Good Night son."

To be continued...