 First longer entry, and something I had a lot of fun writing. There's more in the works when I get around to it. 

Feedback and critique are welcome, as are any additional comments. 

***** 

Chapter one 

The beat of the club pounded in my ears. It drowned out everything else as it reverberated through my body. I was lost in a sea of bodies moving to the same pulse, letting myself moving against them and doing nothing but enjoying the moment. Until I saw her. Somehow the sea parted around her as she moved through the dance floor, it was mesmerising. She was looking from side to side, as if searching for something, until her eyes landed on me. If I had thought she was mesmerising before, it was nothing compared to being caught in her gaze. I was a deer caught in the headlight, frozen. It was as if the club disappeared, and it was only the two of us and my beating heart. I could swear.

My heartbeat was locked straight into my arousal, as each pulse sent a spike through my body, pooling between my legs. She kept me locked in that gaze as she moved towards me, it didn't matter as I had eyes for nothing else regardless. 

There were no words as she swept in front of me, the club was loud, but none were needed. We became part of the sea once more, moving together seamlessly, flawlessly. She moved first, letting her hands roam across my body, teasing every inch they crossed. She smiled when she grabbed my ass, pulling me even closer as she grinded our bodies together. I was burning with desire, and really hoped the night wouldn't end with just dancing. Even if you could hardly call what we were doing dancing. She was slightly taller than me and had to bend down to press little kisses against the side of my neck. I must have moaned loud enough for it to be audible, but the sea kept moving uninterrupted. 

The smirk that played on her face when she finished said she knew exactly what she was doing to me, and relished every moment of it. I didn't want this to end. Neither did she. 

She turned away, grabbing hold of my wrist and dragged me willingly with her. I knew the club had special rooms for 'utility' usage, for a modest fee, of course, and wondered if that's where we were going. I hoped it was. I didn't want to let her out of my sight for a moment. 

My dreams were fulfilled as we entered a small room, complete with a queen sized bed and not much else, besides a night stand. I didn't get much chance to further examine my surrounding as the door closed and I was pushed up against it, hard. 

The kiss was neither soft nor slow, but filled with passion as she almost devoured me. I kept my hands tangled in her hair, enjoying her fieriness, and trying to match it. 

She seemed more occupied with lifting my skirt and letting her hand roam up my legs. I groaned into her mouth as she rubbed her fingers on my pussy, wishing the cloth of my panties weren't in the way. She obliged that desire quickly by moving them aside, allowing her to tease me some more with feinting strokes, never quite entering. I wanted her to get the fuck on with the fucking, my body was more than enough revved up from the dancing and I practically humped her hand, begging her to take me. 

A rumble of laughter filled her throat as she pushed two fingers into me, and she abandoned the kiss to once again snack on my neck. It felt better than it ever had before. It occurred to me she was holding me up, somehow, because my feet weren't touching the floor. It must have been because I was up against the door she was able to do it. Her breasts pressed against mine, rubbing the fabric across my hard nipples, just adding to the experience. 

There would be time to take it slow later, for now I just wanted her to ravish me. 

"You are on fire little girl," her voice was melodious and seemed to caress my skin. I could do nothing but moan in response, not even to refute the fact that I hadn't been a 'little girl' for a long time now, "your pussy is dripping with desire. Is that for me?" 

I don't think she expected a response, and I gave her none, except moving my hips on her fingers, the little I could. She appreciated that. 

Her mouth was right beside my ear and she continued to whisper. 

"You wish to be fucked, do you not? To experience ecstasy by my hand," she gave a short burst of movement with her fingers, driving me insane with need, "or did you want my mouth?" She bit my ear teasingly before placing soft kisses just below it. I didn't care what she used, I just wanted to come. I had never been this aroused before, my body felt on fire, as if in overdrive because of this woman. If she would just up the tempo of her hand a bit, or touch my clit I would go off right now. 

"Or perhaps you wanted both? An excellent choice." 

I barely had time to think of how great that would be, when she hoisted me into the air, literally. Good thing the rooms had a somewhat high ceiling, or my head would have been hurting. She was hiding an incredible strength in that slim body. Shown again when she pulled roughly on my panties, tearing the cloth from my body. In the moment the action just aroused me further, her unbridled passion was exhilarating. 

She settled my thighs around her shoulders and began to feast. My hands were still in her hair, both for me to hold on to, and to press her against me. 

This was not a position I had tried before, and with anyone else it would have been awkward, but she was definitely making it work for me. Her fingers had ended their teasing long ago and was pumping into me. She had curled them at just the right angle to hit the most sensitive spot inside of me, and she was relentless. After a few tentative licks, to finalize her position, she went straight for my clit, licking, sucking, biting. 

There was fire in my veins, it ran through my entire body, until it all seemed to pool between my legs. It was becoming unbearable, and I knew what was coming. 

My body seized up for a second, then shuddered almost violently. I had been bent over, but threw my head back into the wall, as I called out in ecstasy. I could feel liquid heat spill out of my body as I came harder than I ever had before. She seemed to delight in it, but didn't let up her pace. I was almost weary after that orgasm, but she kept on, and instead of cresting a peak, it was like riding a wave. The next orgasm crashed into me unexpectedly, I didn't usually have multiple orgasm without much more preparation, but this woman knew just how to handle my body. 

She was slowing her pace now, and I was looking forward to basking in the afterglow a little before we continued. It wasn't to be that way. Her other hand, which must have been helping holding me up before, I hadn't been paying much attention to it, drifted slowly over my backside. She teased the strip of skin between ass and pussy, circled the tight ring of my pucker, before moving back to my pussy. Having almost stopped her pace, she let that third finger into me, soaking it in the copious juices dripping out from me. 

I had an idea what was coming, and while I wasn't averse to a little anal, I hadn't yet had a partner who was any good at it. My mind was so fogged with desire I didn't think much beyond what she was doing to me, like how she was holding me up, it wasn't important. 

Her finger, now thoroughly wet, pressed demandingly against the rose of my ass, seeking entrance. It was an entirely different feeling than my pussy, and I gasped as she finally pushed through the tight muscle. She moved it back out and in a few times, getting my butt used to the insertion, before moving properly, and I settled back to enjoy the feeling. 

I had been so distracted by her one finger I had missed the fact that she had completely stopped on the other side. She came back with a vengeance however, and quickly ramped up her pace in my pussy. 

Somehow she was so fully in control of herself she was able to move the finger in my butt at a much more sedate speed, for which I would have thanked her, had I not been busy reaching my next orgasm. My body was already on edge, having only cooled down for a moment while she teased my ass, and she was about to coax another out of me. I clenched hard on the intruders, enjoying the increased friction, as I headed for another climax. 

For a second I blacked out so hard I almost didn't realise I had come again, my legs were cramping and my body beyond weary. I was slowly being lowered and turned around as she laid me on the bed. My vision was a little distorted, but she looked like a hunter with prey in her sight. The feeling sent small tingles through me, I was most definitely caught. 

"Thank you, that was delicious." She licked her lips meaningfully, and I shuddered again, thinking about her lapping up my juices. 

I thought her body gave a quiet growl and I couldn't help but quip, "sounds like you're still hungry." 

Her eyes glazed over, before settling into a hard look that cooled the blood in my veins. 

"Positively ravenous." 

The way she was looking at me was quite disconcerting, but I didn't get to do anything as she was on me before I had finished the thought. I had known she was strong, but the ease with which she held me down on the bed surprised me still. She was breathing hard as she leaned down to my neck once again. This time I could hear the audible sniff, like a connoisseur breathing in a fine wine. 

"Such a delectable aroma dear, you are going to taste wonderful." 

Well that didn't sound enticing, but I couldn't move my arms to dissuade her, and she was straddling my chest, preventing any movement there. I did have one thing left. 

She reared backwards, more in surprise than in pain it seemed, as I headbutted her delicate nose. It gave me a certain amount of satisfaction, however ineffectual it actually seemed to be. 

When her gaze caught me once again I froze. Gone were the eyes burning with arousal and the promise of sex, now I was nothing more than prey caught by a superior predator. 

Her canines lengthened, and my eyes must have widened by the same amount in disbelief. I struggled furiously, but to no avail, there was no escape from her strength. 

She wasted no time and sank her fangs into my neck. Contrary to what my body should be feeling, my brain was coasting high on endorphins, not unlike orgasm. 

It was a weird feeling, being aware of your life leaving you, yet unable to act, like an out-of-body experience. I wondered what I had done in life to deserve this. Probably just the wrong place at the wrong time. 

I faintly recognised when she pulled out, prematurely I thought, since I was still around. Everything seemed a dream, muffled, both sounds and sight. 

The window had been broken. Curious. On the ground two shapes were fighting for control. A man struggling with my would-be killer. I looked from the window back to the man. Interesting. 

There was a full moon outside, it looked much larger than normal as I stared out the window. There was an open dumpster beneath it, although the fall was long. Intriguing. The scuffle was still going on behind me, the not-quite-mute scream of the woman would have been loud to any ears but mine. 

The jagged edges of the broken window cut my skin when I touched it, and I looked at the drops of blood bubbling forth from my finger. It was not concerned that I had little left to spare, but continued in a steady stream down my hand. Fascinating. 

I didn't feel the edges cut into me when I broke that jagged edge off with my hand. My body had a plan my brain wasn't privy to. I turned around, to the two bodies on the floor. The woman had the upper edge, and was tearing into the man with claw-like nails. It seemed to hurt him, but he was fighting remarkably well for someone with that much blood on him. As far as they were concerned I wasn't there. 

Until I plunged that jagged edge of glass through the woman's neck. She screamed and lashed out at me, I could hardly hear her, but I felt the blow as I hit the wall. My body was very much near its limits. 

I stood, by pure determination, and gripped the bloody edge of the window. As I tumbled out of it, I noted the man seizing the moment to snap the woman's neck. That's what it looked like, at least. I barely registered falling through the air, then all breath left my body as I hit the trash below. 

My trance state broke with the impact, leaving me to feel every ache in my used form. It seemed less of a brilliant idea now, but I forced my body to move, and hit the ground. Certainly not a flawless landing, but that didn't matter. 

I still had all my clothes on, even my shoes, due to the nature of events. The only thing I was missing was the panties she had ripped off, but I could live without them preserving my modesty. If I lived at all. Somehow I wasn't soaked in blood anywhere but my hands. I could feel the two puncture wounds on my neck where she had bitten me, but there was no blood spilling from them. I wasn't dying, yet. My body still felt incredibly weak and I knew I needed rest, food and care to be okay. 

I banished thoughts of the room behind me, or either of them chasing after me, as it only added to my weary mind. I needed someplace to go, somewhere safe. Only one person came to mind, and I hoped she still cared enough. I had no phone though, what little valuables I had was still in that room, and I definitely was not going back. 

I staggered down the street, trying to keep my composure, and asking for a cell. Turns out a bloody woman asking for a mobile in the middle of the night isn't the best way to go about things. Whether they were calling for the police, or just avoiding me, I wasn't entirely sure. There was always the chance that this was a horrible idea, but I was desperate. 

I passed by a small tea shop, the kind that looked worn and old, but homely and welcome. There was a light on inside, giving me a little hope, even if the door was closed. I pounded on the door all I could, which wasn't much with my bleeding hands. There was no response. 

I was so tired and crumbled up against the door, it was so enticing to just let go and let unconsciousness sweep me away, but I knew what would happen then. 

The door fell open, and I tumbled backwards, I hadn't heard it be unlocked. An old asian woman looked down upon me worriedly as she took in my dismal state. She barked something over her shoulder and a man, possibly her husband, came running down the stairs. 

They were talking to me, but I didn't understand. I needed a phone. To call... I must have said something, because the man handed me a cell as his wife was wiping the blood off of me with a wet cloth. It was an older model, thankfully, I wasn't sure I would have been able to use a touchscreen, but the buttons I could hit. 

I heard her voice answer, tired, but calm, like always. I was at a loss for words, my brain finally deciding my body had had enough and was shutting down. I managed a single, weary, "Sarah", before darkness enveloped me. 

Chapter two 

I was having the most wonderful dream. Sarah had forgiven me and come back. Now she was nursing me in bed, and I loved every second of it. I felt high, like my body was drugging itself, and couldn't contain a dopey smile. I didn't understand why she was looking so worried, this was a happy dream, and I wanted her to be happy too. 

"Oh my god, Luce, you're okay," of course I was okay, I felt positively giddy, "you were so pale and they said you were all bloody. I thought you were dying." 

Dying? I had a hazy memory of being at La Plaza, dancing the night away, and possibly going to one of the rooms with another woman. After that everything seemed fuzzy, like something was there, but I couldn't access the memories. Maybe I had been drugged, and that was why I was feeling like this now. But that would mean this wasn't a dream, and that was the real Sarah. 

"But you came back for me, you saved me." I was delirious with happiness, we could be together again, and everything could go back to the way it was. Her expression was a confusing mix of sad frowns and happy smiles. 

"When I got your call, you sounded so faint I almost didn't hear you," wait, I had called her? "Thankfully Mrs. Wen took the phone when you fainted and explained what had happened, I rushed here as fast as I could." 

My dopey smile must have left my face as i scrunched my brows in confusion. 

"I called you?" 

"Yes, right before you passed out. You don't remember what happened?" 

I tried my best to recall the events of the night again. 

"I was at La Plaza, and I met someone, I think," Sarah hid it away almost instantly, but I noticed the scowl that had crossed her face, "then it's all hazy after that. I'm sorry. I feel weird though, do you think I could have been drugged?" 

"I don't know honey, but it's okay, you're safe now." 

She probably didn't mean honey in the way that I wanted her to, but I still rejoiced in her embrace. 

She left the room, saying she needed to find the Wens. I hadn't noticed the room until now, but it wasn't my own messy quarters, or the dirty white of a hospital. It had a cozy oriental feeling to it, vases with motifs of dragons in the corner, and a general orange-red colour scheme. It felt relaxing. Thankfully I wasn't sleeping on a futon or something similar, but a normal bed that my body adored. 

My mind wasn't completely clear of the strange euphoric feeling I had awoken with, the brief conversation with Sarah had calmed me down somewhat, but instead I felt almost hyper aware. A most curious feeling for me, but one I intended to explore fully. 

I was naked beneath the sheets. Sarah had mentioned blood, so that would explain why my clothes had been removed, even if I couldn't remember why. The cotton felt a little coarse on my skin, not something I would have noted usually. 

My body felt fine, better than fine really once I started inspecting it. Looking at my hands stirred something in me, as if there was something wrong with their pale look. Nothing came to mind though, as I prodded each finger and they all responded normally. I had the same phantom pain in my neck, but everything felt fine, and presumably Sarah or Mrs. Wen would have patched me up, had there been any wound there. 

Sunlight streamed in through the window, the red curtains adding to the colour of the room. I brushed them away as I stood, loving how the warm rays fell on my body. It felt revitalizing, invigorating, like raw energy pumping through my body. I laughed out loud as I imagined myself as Superman, or perhaps Supergirl was more apt, gaining strength from the sun. I did feel good, better than just moments before, so perhaps there was something to the adage that fresh air and sunlight heals. 

Stretching a leg, I felt limber again, something that had disappeared when my teens had ended. It took me a few tries, but I managed to make a proper ballerina split, one foot on the ground, the other above my head. I must have stared dumbfounded at it. 

So did Sarah and the shorter Asian woman she was with, probably Mrs. Wen. After a moment it occurred to me that perhaps they were less impressed with my newfound flexibility, and more stunned at the view I was displaying. I quickly eased my foot back down and tried to feebly cover my body. 

Sarah was having trouble deciding what emotion to display, but Mrs. Wen had no such compunctions and admired my speedy recovery. She even went so far as to prod my body with a bony finger, testing for soreness I suppose. She didn't give a damn about my modesty, and truth be told neither did I. She held my hands for a long time, turning them this way and that, but I must have passed her test because she released, and patted, them gently. 

She had me bend over slightly to peck me cheek, she wasn't quite tall enough to reach when we both stood straight. It struck me that she was probably the reason I was alive, and pulled her back into a hug. Suddenly my knees buckled beneath me and something inside me burst, like a dam that had cracked. I couldn't stop the waterworks once they started, and I poured all my grief out on a small chinese woman, who endured it with remarkable stoicism. 
