 "Jerk! I am flushing him down the toilet!"

I am talking about my boyfriend, or should I say ex-boyfriend of 7 months. I am so mad that I won't even use his name. My name is Serena. I'm 24 years old; blonde; 5 feet, 6 inches; 148 pounds; and most people feel I have a great looking body, although I think I could lose a few pounds here and there. I am passionate about CrossFit, so I feel I am in pretty good physical shape.

I dropped-in on the "Jerk" on my way back from an after-work party. Things were getting heated between some co-workers at the party and it was making me horny, so all I could think about was my boyfriend and a lively night together.

When I entered his apartment, I heard moaning and a rhythmic thumping noise in the bedroom. As I stood in the bedroom doorway, I saw the "Jerk" with his huge cock ramming a red-haired pussy, doggie-style. She is grabbing the sheets with both hands like she was hanging on for her life, with her moans getting louder and more frequent. He was getting a real workout going in and out with a ferocity that I never remembered he did with me. Just as the sounds start getting real loud, he pulls out and ejects a few massive loads of cum on her back. He once told me he does this with women, because then they won't get pregnant. Good luck with that, if she isn't on birth control. He then turns around and looks straight at me.

"Hey, Rena. I heard you there. Did you enjoy what you saw?" Then without waiting for an answer said, "Why don't you come join us? I would love to see your pussy licked by another woman before I put my joystick in it."

I am standing there aghast. I have only had monogamous relationships in my life and never had another woman touch me sexually. I am appalled and insulted by the suggestion, then I notice the red-head looking at me was Jo. Jo was, until now, one of my best friends since high school. Jo looks at me with a smile and says, "Yeah, Rena, I would love to have you join us."

I stormed out of the place and got into my car to drove back to my apartment. Halfway there, my car broke down in one of the worst snowstorms in the history of the Northeast. It is 9 pm, nobody is on the road, and it is snowing like a banshee. They're predicting 4 to 6 feet of snow in less than 12 hours. I cannot connect to the auto club or my boyfriend on my cell phone (yes, I was that desperate). Then, as I am looking under the hood of my car, freezing to death, and trying to figure out what could be wrong, a set of headlights appear behind my car. A man who was the age of my father steps out and comes over.

"Miss, are you alright?"

"No, I am not. The check engine light came on and the motor started chugging. I barely made it over to the side of the road. I can't reach anyone on my cell phone and I don't know what I am looking for under the hood of my car."

"Well, we are in a bit of a cell phone dead zone here. Look, you can't leave your car here. The roads are officially closed, and if a plow comes by, it will either hit your snow-covered car or bury it under a pile of snow. My condo is right here. The entrance is about 20 yards ahead. Why don't I push you with my car? Take the first open parking spot in the complex and we'll go into my unit and you can use my landline. By the way, my name is Dan."

"Hi Dan, my name is Serena. I really appreciate your help."

We get the car into a parking space and enter Dan's condo, after shaking off all the snow on our clothes. Dan give me the cordless landline handset and I call the auto club. They tell me they can't come out until tomorrow because of the conditions, and to call back then. I call my boyfriend and he says, "Hey, I can't come out. Have you seen how bad it is out there? Besides, after flying out of here with a few choice words coming out of your mouth, I figure you can reap what you sow, baby." And then hangs up. "Jerk," I yell out loud. Dan is looking at me questioningly. I then tell Dan what transpired on the phone.

"Well, what the auto club said doesn't surprise me. However, your boyfriend is a real asshole."

"Yeah," I smiled, "He has been swirling around the bowl for a while, but now he is getting fully flushed."

"Well, you are welcome to spend the night here. As you can see, I only have a loveseat and both of us are too tall to sleep on it. But I do have a king-size bed, and you could sleep under the covers, and I could sleep on my side on top of the covers in sweats, so there is a barrier."

It is then that I notice that once all the heavy winter garb is gone, Dan is really a pretty good-looking guy for someone his age. He is about 6 feet 2 inches tall, has green eyes and brown hair peppered with grey, and large hands. He has a wonderful smile and appears buff, untypical of someone his age. He must apparently work out.

I reply. "Sounds good, but you really don't have to go to such lengths. Even though I barely know you, I trust you will keep to your side of the bed. Besides, we both consenting adults, so if something happens, it happens." (Did I really say that???)

Dan smiles. "Well, my daughter is about 15 years older than you. I doubt anything is going to happen. Besides, I wouldn't be a good host if I took advantage of a beautiful young woman in distress. Why don't you get out of those wet clothes, and take a shower? You can use my bathrobe and I have a pair of my ex-wife's panties here somewhere that you can use. They might be a bit big, but they should be OK. I have a washer and dryer, so we can get your clothes all clean and dry for tomorrow."

I did just that, thinking about Dan the whole time I was in the shower. I wondered what kind of lover he might be, and fantasized about it. I got out, blushed not only from the hot water but also my hot thoughts. Dan then took a shower and came out in baggy sweatpants and a sweat shirt. I tried to visualize what he might look like naked in the shower the whole time he was in there.

He then started the washing machine with our clothes. He opened a bottle of red wine and poured some for both of us, while we sat around the dining room table, talking about our lives, likes and dislikes, families. Dan was a great listener, and had a great sense of humor. I was really enjoying our conversation.

The wine was good, although it had a slight peculiar chemical taste. I assume it was a cheaper wine. I was half way through my second glass about 30 minutes after we started talking, when I started getting real horny. Within a few minutes, my nipples were getting hard, and I was getting real wet down below. As we talked, I was getting hornier and hornier, such that I could only think about satisfying my sex crave. Without Dan seeing, I casually put my hand below the table and felt my "borrowed" panties and they were dripping wet.

Dan stood up to put the clothes in the dryer, and when he did so, I noticed his pole stretching his sweatpants like a circus tent. He must have noticed that I was staring at his pants the whole time, probably with a wanting-look on my face. He sat down, but put his chair away from the table so I could still see his massive member poking at his sweatpants.

He smiled. "You know, you have to be pretty wet. I can smell your juices all the way over here, and it is giving me a massive hard-on."

Then, as if my voice was not controlled by my mind, I said. "I am wet, and I would love to see that hard-on outside of the sweats."

He obliged and pulled his sweats down while remaining in his chair. His cock was gigantic. It was about 9-10 inches long, and I doubt my fingers would touch if I wrapped them around it. It was the thickest and biggest cock I have ever seen, and it was as hard as a rock.

I immediately removed the panties and dropped the robe so I was naked, and went over to him. While facing him, I straddled him on the chair. I positioned his cock and without hesitation I went straight down on it. I was so lubricated that I went down easily and quickly despite his massive size. I could feel every inch of him in me, with my vagina wrapped tightly against his gigantic cock. I started going up and down on him. I could feel the tip of his penis pound against my cervix with each downward thrust. I was in sexual ecstasy, being stimulated beyond belief. I have never had such a sexually intense feeling having sex before. With each thrust the intensity increased. Soon, I could feel his cock starting to throb within me. He was cumming. At the same time, I started having an orgasm, with my vagina pulsating at the same rhythm as his cock. It was the first time I had experienced an orgasm without fingering myself during sex, and it was one of the most intense orgasms I ever had.

After a few minutes enjoying the afterglow, I got off of him. I noticed his limp but still sizable cock. He quickly stood and picked me up and placed me sitting on the kitchen counter facing him. He went down and started licking my juices mingled with his cum that was coming out of my love canal. I noticed he was inhaling me strongly and after just a minute, his cock was rock hard again.

Not only was I still horny, but even hornier that before we had sex. Standing in front of me, he guided his massive cock into me while I was on the counter. We went at it again. He thrusted in and out of me -- slowly at first, then vigorously pounding me. This time the orgasm was even stronger. Next, we wound up on the bed. Each time Dan's cock would get hard after a few minutes relaxation and smelling my crotch. I was horny all the time and getting hornier with each orgasm. We wound up having sex in multiple positions almost 20 times during the next four hours. Each time, the sexual sensation was greater and the orgasm stronger. Twice I thought I might pass out from the strength of the orgasm. Dan also orgasmed each time, but started to complain that it was hurting towards the end because nothing was coming out when he ejaculated. Eventually my horniness and intensity of the orgasms subsided and we both wound up going to sleep in a wet bed.

We woke after about 5 hours of sleep. After calling the auto club and found out that nobody could come until afternoon, I went to take a shower. I thought about the previous night the whole time I was in the shower. When I got out, with a towel wrapped around me. Dan was in the kitchen.

"Hi, I made some coffee. Before you get dressed, let's have some breakfast."

Dan had made a turkey sausage and cheese omelet that we shared. The coffee had the same peculiar taste as the wine, but was strong and I welcomed it, having had so little sleep.

"Dan, you need to rinse your glasses better. I can taste the stuff you use to wash them every time I drink something." Dan didn't respond.

We sat down over breakfast and talked -- mostly about the previous evening. Suddenly, I was again getting very horny. Again, my nipples were getting hard, and I was getting real wet down below. As we talked, I was getting hornier and hornier. I could feel my juices running down my leg and was afraid I would ruin his dining room chair. Then I noticed two things about Dan -- he was smiling, and his cock was erect and rock hard. We went at it again for another 4 hours. This session was even more intense than the night before. Eventually it became afternoon. I showered again, and got dressed. I met the auto club guy, who had my car towed to a nearby auto shop. Dan drove me home. Kissing Dan before I left his car, I said. "I can't believe what should have been such a disaster of a night turned out to be the best one I've ever had."

The next week, all I could do was think about the sex that night. I even told a couple of my friends, who said it must have been a dream, or I was fantasizing or just plain exaggerating. "No guy, no matter how old or young, could go at for 50 times in 24 hours. It is not physically possible without something else going on." I started to think about it and remembered the peculiar taste in the wine and coffee before getting really horny. I was convinced that I was drugged.

I went to Dan's place later that night and confronted him. When he opened the door, I thrust myself at him.

"Don't lie to me. Did you drug me with some sort of sex drug?"

He smiled and said, "Yes, but it wasn't exactly the drug that made you so horny, it was you."

Confused, I sat down to listen to his explanation.

"You know how female dogs, cats, horses and all other mammals go into heat when they are ovulating and can get pregnant. It is the only time they are receptive and want sex. Also, they release pheromones that attract the males of the species to copulate with them. Human females lost that ability to go into heat eons ago. Now, they can have sex anytime, but need foreplay to become receptive and may need external stimulation to have an orgasm. This drug induces the ancient centers of the body to release the hormones that make the human female go into heat. In males, it induces hypersensitivity to the smell of the pheromones and causes the male to become erect and strongly want to copulate. In nature, it is a one-time event, but since the drug last 4 hours, the desires and ability last that long. So, it is really your own ancient, forgotten hormones putting you into heat - the drug only facilitates that."

"So, you gave me a drug that made me ovulate, and get pregnant?!"

"No, it only mimics it and fakes your body into putting you into heat, that is, being extremely receptive to sex, without the ovulation."

After thinking about how this drug works on both men and women, and how I could use this drug to have great sex with guys my age, I said. "Great, but I want some of this drug, a lot of this drug, and you're going to give it to me."

"Well, it is going to cost you."

"What? I don't think I should have to pay."

"I'm not asking for money. Payment is doing something for me."

"And what is that?"

"I want you to plan a party. I want you to pick four women your age that you know, who are equally attractive and physical as you are, to come to this party. Then I want you to find four guys whom they would love to have sex with but haven't, either because the guy never showed interest or the situation never came up, and invite them to the party too. All must be disease-free and have no qualms about having sex outside of marriage. The women need to be on birth control. Needless to say, we'll both be at the party, too."

"So, you want me to find four beautiful women my age and four guys they want to fuck and throw an orgy?"

"Basically, yes. I want to test this drug in a group and see if it does what I think it will. I'll rent a hospitality suite at a nearby upscale hotel and buy the booze. Since you know these people better, you order the food, but I'll pay."

After thinking about how this was more of a reward than a payment, I said "OK, when?"

"Within a couple weeks. You pick the date. Also, if some of the women have no fantasy guy, you can pick one of your fantasy guys that you think they would like. Call me when you pick the date and then when you have the party set up."

I picked a date on a Saturday night, and Dan booked the room. Then, being motivated, I made the arrangements with four friends. After talking with them, I found out who their fantasy guys were (two of whom were my fantasy guys too) and invited them to the party as well. Everyone accepted the invitation, and It was all set up.

When we arrived at the hotel that Saturday with the food and booze, we first checked out the room which had a bar, a living room, and a separate bedroom with two double beds. Dan spiked the booze with the drug, while I arranged the food, awaiting our guests. Dan suggested that once everyone was getting horny, we start the festivities by showing the way, sort of speak.

The party started, and was going along well. The women were heavily engaged in discussion with their dream guys, while all were drinking and eating. I started getting very horny and wet and was wondering how my female friends were doing. I caught my friend Annie along with Kim standing next to each other at the bar. Annie was a beautiful, but short classic Asian-American woman. I knew Annie a short time from CrossFit, but we hit it off well. Kim was my height with jet black hair, deep blue eyes and a pale complexion. She was an avid bicyclist. Kim and I were college classmates who lived in the same dorm and were good friends for a long time. As I approached them, I heard them talking.

"I'm so horny right now."

"I am too, and I can feel that my panties are soaking wet. I wish these guys would do something."

I entered the conversation, "I'm sure they will -- just look at their bulging pants. Perhaps they need some inducement. Go over to your favorites and get close, and let me do the rest."

I noticed Dan sitting in a chair and started walking over to him. When he saw me, he immediately pulled down his pants and sat back down with his huge erection staring me in the face. As planned, I was not wearing panties, so I just lifted my skirt and mounted him. His massive cock glided in as easily as before and I started pumping up and down. It was just like the first time. Everyone was staring at us. I was enjoying the ecstasy of the moment. When I opened my eyes, I saw that everyone else was engaged in vigorous sex too.

Kim was standing up, leaning against a wall with one leg raised up, with her dreamboat thrusting wildly into her. Annie was on one of the beds riding her guy cowboy-style. One of my other friends was on the other bed doing it missionary-style and my fourth friend was bent over a table being fiercely rammed from behind.

After we all orgasmed, Dan got up and went to Kim who was still leaning against the wall. He bent down and smelled her crotch. He immediately became erect again, and said out loud:

"Hey guys, move onto a new partner, smell her crotch and believe me you'll be at it again, just like me." Then raising one of Kim's legs, he entered her and began thrusting away. Kim had nothing but a look of pleasure on her.

The guys did not need any further enticement. They were at it with a new partner. After every guy rotated with every woman, we continued by mixing it up. Some guys repeating women but in a different position. Some men doubled up on a single woman doing double penetration, while some women did it with other women. Fortunately, I brought along some strap-on dildos, since the drug makes women want something in their vagina. The dildos were put to good use. The moaning and screaming was so loud that I thought the police might arrive.

Eventually, hours later, we were all exhausted. Some immediately left, other stayed and slept on the couch or beds. I have never been more sexually satisfied in my life. It was my first orgy but certainly not my last. However, I do have to say that the best sex was with Dan. Maybe it was his huge cock (bigger than the rest) or his experience in using it.

Two weeks later, Kim approached me in the lunch room at our office (we were the only two from the party who work together). She came right to the point.

"I know you drugged us at the party with some new sex drug and I want some."

I told her my story, about Dan, and about how the drug works. We agreed that after work we'd go to Dan's place together to get some of the drug. I was almost out, as I had been using it with a different guy almost every night in the past week. Even Kim noticed, "You look like shit. Have you been getting any sleep?"

When we knocked on Dan's door, he opened and let us both in. I told him that Kim knew about the drug and we both wanted some.

"Did you tell Kim, that there is a price? And you know, of course, that there is a price for you too, for bringing her here."

"What?" I said; whereas Kim only asked, "How much?"

"I don't ask for money, but you have to do something for me"
