 I woke up early the next morning and prepared breakfast for my slave Raven and myself. I knocked her completely out while I ran to the commissary to get fresh supplies for my food synthesizer. I was back in moments and she never stirred. I set her controller for her to awake naturally while I whipped up breakfast, I assumed that my slave, like most southern women, was a vegetarian. I could preform culinary wonders with tofu and textured soy.

From the kitchen I saw her stirring in the bed. "Good morning slave. This is the first day of your new life. How do you take your soy eggs and bacon?"

Raven stretched and arose from the bed. She seemed conscious of her nudity, absently she ran a hand over her bald pussy. I saw her expression change, The fact that she was naked and hairless in a northern officer's house reinforced to her her current condition of captivity. She tugged once on her collar as if convincing herself that she was not still dreaming. Her nose twitched from the succulent aroma of my cooking. No doubt she was very hungry. She remained silent.

"Giving me the silent treatment, are we? No matter. I can work around your silence. Let me take you to the bathroom and then you can sit down to eat."

I set the food on the table and then entered the bedroom and led her to the bathroom. She used the bidet. I could tell that she did not like me cleaning her up but there was little she could do to prevent it. I washed her hands and face and led her to the kitchen. I let her feed herself. She must have been starving she practically wolfed down the food.

"Well you seem to like my cooking at any rate. Here is the plan for today. We will shop for some simple clothing for you and some enticing lingerie for me. After that we are going to have your picture taken and then we will be visiting the escort school. If they think you have potential they will train you when the next class opens up. What that means in simple terms is that if you are accepted you will live with me. Once your training is complete the school will purchase you from me and assign you to wherever there is the most need. If you are not taken on you will be my personal slave until I tire of you and sell you. Before I do that however I will impregnate you a few times. Do you know what escorts do?"

Raven appeared to think. She spoke her first words of the day "Nothing at all."

"For a slave an escort is the best life. You get to pick out your own clothes and any gifts you receive are yours to keep or sell. Its not beyond the realm of possibility that you can earn enough to purchase your freedom and be returned to the matriarchy. You will be trained in how to appeal to men. How to converse and entertain. If you can sing and dance, that is always a bonus. You will be trained to host parties and sweet talk men. Some become actresses in our film industry. Men in the Northern Republic go to escorts for a lot of reasons, they have a sophistication that ordinary slaves lack. They have an old fashioned appeal. You have no way of knowing this down south but escorts are praised in Northern literature and drama as the ultimate in womanhood. An escort helped the founding father establish the Republic and he responded by giving her and those like her special status. A soldier or a civilian will salute an escort when she walks by. We hold doors for them and always allow them to go first. This is exactly opposite of how we treat common slaves. Most Northern men have their first sexual encounter with an escort it is considered a bit classless for their first experience to come with a common slave. Escorts know how to make these young men feel loved and talented. Because of them so many men begin to explore their sexuality under the best circumstances possible. You are beautiful enough to be one as only the most beautiful slaves can become escorts." 

Raven's eyes grew large, she seemed to be drinking it all in. I could tell that the life of an escort had some appeal to her. I was not surprised that she did not know anything about escorts. The fact that they were often so successful in the north was an embarrassment to the matriarchy. Yes, slavery was the standard both north and south but the south promoted fictions as to how we do things up here in the north. The idea that we deferred to ANY females simply did not compute. The escorts who made their way back to the matriarchy sometimes came back to the Republic as their former society often did not know what to make of them. 

Raven cleared her plate. I handed her a napkin. Once she had wiped her mouth I led her to the bed and took her again. She responded better than I had set her controller for. That was a good sign, I then led her back to the bathroom. We showered together. The shower was designed for two with two shower heads and two sets of controls. I washed Raven and did her hair. Once the shower was over I blow dried her hair and braided it in long plaits. She looked smashing.

With no alternative available, I dressed her in the the tiny black skirt and blouse, The clogs would have to do until we could purchase more practical footwear I attached a leash to her collar and fingered her controller. "Your proper position is three steps behind me at all times. Failure to do so will result in punishment." 

Glumly, Raven followed me into the sunlight. The door closed automatically behind Raven and I flashed my key by the forward sensor and heard the lock slide home. I headed for the PX which was not a far walk from my house. I noted appreciative stares and nods from my neighbors as I directed Raven down the street. 

I could not imagine what the ancient soldiers would make of a modern PX it was half military and half slave provision. The argument was that the slave half was excellent for the morale of the rank and file so in a sense it was all military. There were shops off base but the prices were better here. There was one boutique I liked off base for lacy under things. But that was just for special occasion lingerie. Say for example you wanted to guarantee a sale of your slave or as a reward if your slave was especially pleasing to the boys at last night's party. 

I steered Raven to the slave wing of the PX and stopped at the measuring booth. The clerk there stripped Raven and ran an electronic tape measure all over her body. Her sizes were sent to my portable. I decided to leave her naked. There were plenty of slaves around all in various states of undress. In the dress department I found a sharp green number that nicely complimented Raven's coloring. It had a low bodice and a short skirt. It would be perfect for her escort school interview.

I purchased various thongs and some lacy bras. Like most Northern men I often found the right clothing more enticing than total nudity. I purchased some skirts and tops. The lingerie was stockings and garters and bustiers. Even after centuries of civilization these still got men off better than anything else. 

Since Raven was a very good girl while we were shopping I let her pick out three pairs of shoes. I made sure that one pair complimented her interview dress. The considerable amount of money I made during my five months in the field came in very handy. Before leaving the store I dressed Raven in a casual outfit. She looked so fetching I could hardly stand it. The bags were heavy but Raven had to carry them back to my house.

"Escorts never carry their own packages. Men delight in doing favors for them." I informed her as she trudged under the weight. Once we returned home I helped Raven place her new wardrobe in the dresser that was set aside for her. I had her put on a brief fashion show and I took pictures of her in the outfits. I'm a good photographer but I wanted a professional touch for her formal portrait. 

I made a salad for the two of us and then I called for a cab. I got by without a transport. They were a hassle to move from base to base. The ones I did own always I ended up selling for far under value when I could not take then to my new base. In leu of a car I made due with hired transports. Once the transport arrived I led Raven, dressed in her interview dress, out to it. We drove off the base to the Anderson photography studio. Dwight Anderson was the most talented photographer around. He brought out the best in slaves, His photographs made them appear the most beautiful that they could ever be. The wait was not long. 

Dwight was wonderful at relaxing slaves. I had some pictures taken in her escort school interview dress then I stripped her so that Dwight could take some of his spectacular nudes. Raven relaxed under Dwight's ministrations and he soon got some luminous shots of her. He did her hair just so and was a magician with lighting. About an hour later we were done. When Raven saw the pictures she gasped. Obviously she had never seen herself looking so beautiful.

Another transport drive later and were were at the local escort school. I marvelled that there was a network of these all over the Northern Republic. Escorts were distributed where needed. The entertainment division turned some escorts into actresses. I loved our movies, the hero always got to fuck the escort in the end, and often in the beginning and the middle of the story. They were the best kind of fantasies. I had phoned ahead so they were expecting us.

The local Madame greeted us at the door. Local escorts were kept in a separate dormitory on campus. I presented the Madame with extra copies of some of the pictures Dwight had taken. She oohed and ahhed over Raven, got her to relax and made her feel comfortable. She explained the process to Raven and then led her into the interview board. I was not permitted entry into that room but I knew what was happening. Her beauty and intelligence were assessed. Any hidden talents she had, such as for acting or singing were discovered. They tested how she moved to see if she had any experience as a dancer or could be trained as one. There was an orientation film and several experienced and trained escorts for Raven to interact with. 

It was a long process. To amuse myself I headed over to the escort dormitory and entered the lounge.

It was not long before I attracted attention. Usually I like dark haired women but this petite blonde had amazing appeal. I chose her. She wore a shoulder baring short red dress. Of course she was collared but there was a large gold E on the front of her collar. It was pure gold and was the pride of every escort. We chatted a bit, I ordered drinks for myself and her. As was the custom I paid for everything. I talked about my time in the field. The guilt I felt about leaving a man behind which was not offset by the euphoria of capturing so many slaves at once. The escort, who was named Emily, listened patiently and told me things that made me feel good. She kissed me, we agreed on a fee and she led me to her room.

She put on music and preformed a most entertaining striptease. Beneath he sexy underwear and stockings, her body was spectacular. As she undressed me she complimented me thoroughly. Her fellatio duties were first class. Escorts are trained to maximize sensations and are schooled in the finest techniques. You just can't get this kind of behavior out of a common slave. They are for cleaning and organizing, cooking, procreation and regular fucking, An escort is an event! I knew this was costing me a pretty penny but it was worth every cent.

Hours later, completely spent, I was back in the lounge. I had one more for the road. I noticed a father with his son in tow. This was the day he was going to become a man. I remembered my first time. She had been a dark haired escort named Jenny. For the rest of that month I felt like the king of the world. I thought of my own sons and how one day I too would lead them through this ritual. It was something to look forward to and cherish as a memory once it occurred. Before I returned to the escort school to see haw Raven was progressing I took the father aside and recommended Emily for his son. The father thanked me but he said he had promised his son his own choice.

I still had a bit of a wait when I returned to the Escort school waiting room but at last the inner doors opened. Everyone was all smiles, the Madame, the members of the board leaving for a coffee break, and even Raven, who had worn a mostly morose expression on her face since her capture.

"She's utterly charming, Captain Bishop." Said the Madame. "This school would be honored to enroll her. We uncovered considerable acting talent. You may have given the Republic a new movie star! The next class begins in two weeks. It is a seven week course, as you are no doubt aware. There are certain obligations you must honor however before Raven is enrolled. We would like you to keep her only for yourself until her training is over. We find that often, pulling trains and doing multiples unsupervised, sidetracks and hinders a slave's training. You must also exercise her and not over feed her. You may use her as often as you wish but no one else. Train her for the next two weeks as you would any slave. That is a fine incentive for her to excel here at school. I see no problem in the school buying her from you at a very nice price. You are well on your way to that escort finder medal, Captain Bishop."

Aside from medals for bravery or poise under fire the escort finder was perhaps the most coveted medal. Relatively few were awarded. The medal looked great. The record number that had ever been awarded to one soldier was nine. The legendary Hawk Nelson had captured nine escorts when most men never capture one. He had even enslaved Lara, a film star whose movies are still favorites even if they are over seventy years old. The color is a bit faded but nothing hides the luminosity of Lara. Every year the media crowns a different actress the new Lara, but she NEVER is. 

I had captured dozens of slaves but Raven was the only one I felt was even worth trying to enroll in escort school. Oh I have owned some very beautiful women but escorts have more than just beauty. I had seen that in Raven the moment I captured her. Raven's beauty was inside as well as outside.

He ride back to my house was pleasurable. I took Raven inside, gave her a victory fuck and then began to buckle down on her training. "School starts in two weeks. Until that time your tasks are pleasing me and obeying me. Now it is time that you cleaned this place from top to bottom!"

I ran Raven ragged as I supervised her work and made sure that she never slacked off. We had a brief time out for dinner. It was well after dark when I finally ordered her to put away the mops, brushes and rags. I gave her a relaxing shower and, as a reward for work well done, an equally relaxing massage. I made love to her one more time before she went to sleep. He final words that day were "Master thank you for your willingness to enroll me in escort school. I promise to work hard for you the next two weeks so that your report on my behavior to the school is a good one." 

I was amazed. After two days of captivity, Raven was already light years away from the Matriarchy officer that she had been. Already her goal was to please and be pleasing. Sometimes it happens that way. The next two weeks promised to be a hell of a lot of fun.