 Nicole's Note: While these stories are fantastical, the kind of behavior shown by the villains of the story sadly is not. As with all kinds of kink play, hypnosis can be abused, and you should be careful if you meet people who act anything like Nurse Poppy in real life. Likewise, we here at GigglingGoblin Inc. also do not endorse the use of cooking equipment on medical personnel.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

It was quite warm in this cottage—and humid, too. The sitting room was almost a little hazy, but at least it was cozy.

Larya stared dizzily between the two nurse's apprentices, who had settled down into the chair on either side of her, squeezing her between their buxom, soft, warm bodies.

They smelled nice. Sweet. Almost a bit like fresh milk.

"Um." She bit her lip, looking at Nessi, then at Cetti. "I think. I think I..."

"Wanna hear more about how we help Nurse Poppy?" offered Nessi, resting her chin on Larya's shoulder, her cute face and bright eyes almost irresistible—puppydog eyes. Her fingers slipped down, and Larya felt her skirt ride up slightly.

"Ooh!" Larya squirmed, blushing hot. "I, um. Yes!" She turned to stare helplessly at Cetti, who was very faintly rubbing against the druid, all-but humping her. The nurse smiled up at her, the picture of the absolute bimbo with his shoulder-length strawberry blonde hair, big ditzy blue eyes, and—she could feel—hard, needy cock pressing against her thigh. "Maybe, um," she whimpered, "show me?"

Cetti giggled. He leaned in and nibbled her jawline, his lips plump and soft, his tiny, teensy whines unbearably arousing. Larya squeaked.

"I mean, like..." She shivered as the other nurse started delicately kissing the back of her neck. Nessi was getting dangerously close to an erogenous zone that would render Larya a whining mess in mere seconds, begging to be owned by these two bimbos. She had to think fast. "You c-cook, right? Show me the kitchen? Dears?" Remembering how Poppy had handled the apprentices, Larya batted her eyelashes suggestively.

It worked. Immediately, their little play paused, and they both leaped to their feet. "Ooh, yes!" squealed Nessi, taking Larya by the hand. "Like, it's super cool! We cook and clean and—"

"—and entertain guests," Cetti added, giggling and taking her other hand, "and, like, lots of useful stuff!"

Larya smiled, her relief overshadowing her disappointment. Horny as she was, she didn't want to be getting her brains fucked out while Alrek was in the other room having his brains... un-fucked. Aside from being disrespectful, it would be embarrassing as hell later.

Even if it would feel so, so good to let these two ditzy apprentices... have her for a while. They were so affectionate, and so needy, and so good at making her feel all warm and melty and... and, um...

She shook herself slightly. But that would be bad, she reminded herself. Very, very bad.

So determined to keep control, Larya allowed the two to lead her, practically bouncing in their excitement (and Nessi had such nice, bouncy boobies, and Cetti's butt was so curvy and lovely and soft and wiggled with every step), to the kitchen.

Even as she was passing through the doorway, though, a voice rang out. Poppy's voice—the healing mage's tone as dulcet and sweet as always, clicking with a thick accent Larya still couldn't quite place. "Oh, Nessi! Nessi, Nurse Poppy needs you, sweetie!"

And with a smile as bright as the dawn, Nessi kissed Larya on the cheek—Larya was too startled to even respond—and pranced away to help her mistress.

Leaving Larya alone with Cetti.

She stared at the boy bimbo. He giggled up at her, holding up a bowl. "Wanna chocolate?"

~ ~ ~ ~

Alrek was drifting in loving touches, strokes, headpets, and pure, thick sugar magic.

He felt so sleepy. Impossibly sleepy. But he wasn't allowed to nod off. Wasn't... allowed. Wasn't able. The magic was keeping him in a constant state of half-dreaming, and so he drifted as Nurse Poppy stroked and praised and petted her good patient, her good boy.

Some part of him was still unsure about all of this. Galled by how Nurse Poppy stroked his hair, even though it felt so nice. Indignant at that patronizing way she cooed at him, that indulgent note in her voice. And worried. Worried that he was losing control.

But this was how healing worked, wasn't it? He stared dimly up at Nurse Poppy, a statuesque woman with brilliant scarlet hair and ruby-red lips curved upward in a loving smile. A plain but flattering nurse's cap topped her head, the pale red cross seeming almost... pink in this light. Her eyes were heavy-lidded, bedroom eyes affixed on him, almost seductive in their intensity. Her fingernails, painted such a pretty red, tapped and stroked along his face and the back of his head, filling his mind with fuzz. Fuzzy magic. That was how healing magic worked. You had... had to be willing.

Right?

Her whispers certainly suggested it, endless crackling whispers sending tingling sensations through his whole body as she encouraged him, praised him, reminded him of how much better he was feeling already...

He barely noticed as a new voice joined the first, this one bubbly and sweet and musical. He barely noticed, even, a new set of touches, a new hot body pressed against his right side.

Because Nurse Poppy was on his left side, seated right beside his head, and her beautiful, angelic face was all he could see.

Well. Not quite all.

He'd given up on not staring at her lovely, jiggling tits.

He couldn't be faulted. They were right above him, like a vision from a dream. So beautiful.

His eyelids felt so heavy. Those breasts were just so pretty and... bouncy. So shiny in the light from above. They looked so soft, narrowly squeezed together in that tight nurse's crop top. And they were still right above him. He could practically smell them, sweet and musky. Could practically feel them, warm, smooth pillows, pressed against his face, smothering him as he drifted out of time...

"You're doing so well," Nurse Poppy purred, and Alrek's head spun with the warmth in her voice, the glow in her touches that was steadily pouring into him. Healing him. Fixing him. "I'm making you all better, dear. Isn't that nice?"

His eyelids were like leaden weights, lost on those... leaden weights. Bounce. Bounce. Bounce.

She giggled. They jiggled every time she giggled. She patted him on the head—he wanted to be annoyed about that, but it was very difficult when it was so hard to manage negative emotions at all. So hard not to just feel nice. "Very good," she whispered. "Isn't that nice? Isn't it feeling so nice?" She stroked his hair. "You feel safe here, don't you?"

Vaguely, he noticed the warm body on his other side reaching over him, pulling something across his chest. He heard a click. It didn't matter, though he felt like it should. But it was hard to convince himself anything mattered more than feeling better. And he felt so, so much better, didn't he?

"Ooh, Nurse Poppy," burbled a voice that didn't matter, no matter how nice it felt with those plush lips brushing against his right ear, "he's so cute like this! Look at his cock! Mmm..."

"Silly girl," cooed Nurse Poppy, reaching over. He didn't see what she was doing, though, because her leaning over that far—making the new voice gasp and whimper like a happy puppy—meant her wonderful tits swung directly overhead. His thoughts melted a little at that. "Finish binding him so you can go back to making your new friend!"

Nurse Poppy's eyes returned to his as she leaned back. She smirked down at him, indulgent as ever—but strangely smug, for some reason. "You're doing so very well," she breathed, as he dimly felt more straps over him, heard more faint clicks. "We're almost done." Her fingers entwined through his hair, and he felt so nice and dizzy from her sweet touches, it was almost unbearable. "Isn't that good news? Aren't you glad?"

He nodded slightly, not trusting himself to speak. He hoped it wasn't obvious how he was staring at her tits, because he wasn't sure he could stop.

"Of course you are," she purred, petting him fondly. He squirmed; something about her tone, about her touches, felt like... like she was treating him like... "Just like you're a good patient. Such a good patient. The best I've ever had! Ooh, you'll be getting a nice candy after this!" She blinked down at him. "Would you like that?"

Time felt blurred. Molten. Like thick, rolling syrup. He could just lie still forever. He stared up, head swimming with the radiant, swinging breasts. "Mm. Candy." He hated most southerner candy, but it was so hard to manage to say that right now. He could explain later. After this. Whatever 'this' was.

"Oh, Nurse Poppy," whimpered the voice in his right ear again, "he's, like, soooo... can't I just... just a little..."

"Use your words, Nessi," Poppy murmured, a sly grin creeping across her face.

"N-Nessi wants a suck!"

Though he was not quite able to comprehend the words, her tone of desperation, of hot, wet lust, made his cock twitch slightly. It didn't help that she was whispering right in his ear.

But the voices were so distant. So distant compared to the touches. Tingles ran down his spine as those whispers reached him, but compared to the little strokes, the loving headpats, the soothing pets...

"Mm. Well, maybe a little..."

Everything blurred out for Alrek.

And when the mist dropped away, he realized that there was a woman down between his legs, and pleasure was dripping into him. Seeping into him. She was on her hands and knees on the medical bed, her head lowered as her ass wiggled eagerly above.

Nessi blinked up at him innocently, big brown eyes alluring, playful, knowing. Her plump lips were sucking eagerly at the bulge in his trousers, somehow having isolated the tip. She was sucking him through his pants.

And it felt

so

good. So sweet and wet and warm and good, unbearably good, too good, bad, he couldn't like this, no matter how nice it felt to just lie back and stare into those knowing eyes as she suckled, so gently, so sweetly, her eyes so full of bliss, her mouth so warm as she sucked and sucked and—

"Hey!" he burst out, clarity through indignation cutting through some of the heavy fog. "S-Stop it! Get off! Get off!"

"Nessa Winter!" blazed the devastating, furious voice of Nurse Poppy. "What are you doing?"

Nessa was off him like a flash, her cheeks burning. "S-Sorry, Poppy!" she cried, looking stricken. "I—I know you told me n-not to, I just—"

"What the fuck?" Alrek sputtered, struggling to clear out his head. Everything felt so dreamlike, and he couldn't quite sit up, not with the hand on his head still petting him. He could barely hold his head high enough to keep looking at Nessa as she clambered back off the bed. "I mean—what in the fucking—"

"Nessa," Poppy said sternly, "explain yourself!"

"The druidess made me so horny," Nessa whimpered, backing away, "and I just—I just needed—I couldn't—I was just so—"

She ran out of the room, sobbing.

Alrek stared after her, then glared up at Poppy. He couldn't quite remember what had been happening before Nessa's arrival, but with what had just happened, he didn't need to. This was reason enough to demand their money back and get out.

Surprisingly, though, Poppy looked every bit as outraged as he felt. "I can't believe that—with a patient, while he was under—I can't even consider this." She shook her head. "I'll have to contact her family—why, I'll have to—"

Nessa let loose one more sob from the hallway. Poppy cut off, chewing her upper lip, her eyes boiling with ill-concealed anger. It seemed genuine—though Alrek was not as good a judge of people as Larya was.

Larya.

A low sigh escaped him. Nessa's sobs echoed in his head.

"If the druid... did something," he muttered, extremely cross at even having to play the voice of reason in this, "it's probably not all her fault. Nuptuel's got... ways. Doesn't always know her own strength with people like your assistants." The barmaids from the other night flashed into his head.

Poppy remained visibly tensed. "Well... all the same. I'm dreadfully sorry." Her hand stroked his head gently, easing relaxation back into him. "You must accept my apology. I try to run a professional affair here."

"Hm." He didn't quite want to commit to accepting her apology. Especially when he might be able to demand some money back for this.

"No, really, my dear," she whispered, fingers running through his hair, "I am very sorry."

"Sure."

"It's so important," Nurse Poppy cooed, her fingers sparkling with magic, tingling, "that you feel safe here. Otherwise, I'm not much of a nurse, am I? And we can't keep going if you don't trust me anymore, can we?"

He blinked twice. "... guess not..." No, they couldn't. Couldn't keep going like that. So... he should leave? Or he should accept the apology? It was hard to keep the options straight.

"That's right," she purred. Her whispers trickled into his ears like a fine stream of honey, piling on itself, slowly pooling in his mind as her fingers danced and stroked and patted and tingled. "So you need to feel safe here, okay? Very safe, dear."

After a moment, Alrek realized his mind was a little bit too... that he hadn't... 

"... sure," he mumbled.

"Otherwise, I can't heal you," she said sadly. "And we don't want that, do we?"

Her condescension still annoyed him, but he was finding it hard to focus on that with her fingertips sending waves of tingly bliss into his mind, with how fuzzy and warm and foggy his world was right now. "Nnuh. No."

"Good," she cooed, and his cock throbbed at the praise. "So I would like to test your responses, if you don't mind."

"Huh?"

Her hand stroked over his forehead. His eyes half-closed. "I'm going to give you a thing to say," she explained, in patronizing slowness, "and you can say it for me, sort of like we did before! Okay?"

"Mm." He was trying very hard to hide how much he was starting to enjoy these pats. They felt so soothing. But he couldn't be seen to enjoy them, could he? "Fine. Whatever. Doesn't... sound hard if a parrot can do it."

She giggled. "How right you are! It's not hard at all." She booped him playfully on the nose. He tried to scowl. "Just repeat after me. One." Her finger tapped on his nose.

"Cut that out," he mumbled.

Nurse Poppy sighed. "Dear..."

She gazed down at him, that same patronizing look she'd been giving him all day. He stared up at her, his own eyes heavy-lidded.

He wanted to keep objecting, keep complaining, keep... but it took so much energy. He tried to frown, and his eyes nearly closed with the effort. And she would just talk down to him more. Humiliate him more. His cheeks flushed as he imagined her continuing to condescend to him, cooing more praise and encouragement. She could keep that up forever. Nurse Poppy would keep treating him like some silly fool until he yielded.

That had made him angry before. Now it just felt inevitable. He was trying to hold back a glacier. And all he had to do was just put up with Nurse Poppy and do as she said for a bit. Just for a little while.

It was too much effort to keep making a fuss. He felt a little lighter as soon as that clicked. He just had to cooperate. He'd be out soon enough if he just repeated the stupid damn numbers.

"One," he muttered.

She beamed, leaning in. Her chest bounced and jiggled, almost like a reward in itself. "Good!!" she said, delighted. "Two."

"Two."

"Three." Her finger booped him on the nose again. Lovely tingles sparkled through his head.

"Three."

"Four," she murmured, twining her finger around a lock playfully, "and I'm feeling better already!" She giggled. And jiggled.

Even with her fingers soothing him towards slumber, he barely contained a growl. "Four, and I'm feeling better."

"Better already!" Her fingertips, nails painted so bright red, tapped over his cheek.

"Better already," he conceded, as some part of his mind started to go limp at last. He just felt too fuzzy. Too limp and drowsy. Too weak to resist this... whatever it was. Easier to do as Nurse Poppy said. Get it over with.

"Five," she cooed, as pleasurable sparks shot through his mind, "and I can't wait to feel well again!"

"Five," he muttered, "and I can't wait to feel well again."

She beamed. Her smile was almost pretty enough to make him not mind how humiliating this stupid exercise was. Almost. "Six," she purred. tapping her fingers on his forehead, "and I've been a wonderful patient."

"Six," he recited, "and I've been a wonderful patient." Easier to just repeat. If she kept going past ten, though, he was going to lose his temper. He promised himself that.

"Seven," she sang, "and Nurse Poppy's taken good care of me."

"Seven, and Nurse Poppy's taken good care of me." This one felt a bit odder to say, but with those lovely sparkles drifting through his mind with every touch, it got a little bit easier. His eyelids fluttered.

"Eight," she whispered, leaning in, "and I'm so glad I came here."

"Eight," he echoed, his voice sounding distant, feeling oddly... odd... "and I'm so glad I came here." He felt warm. Soft.

"Nine," she caressed his cheek, "and I know Nurse Poppy knew best."

"Nine," he whispered, "and I... know Nurse Poppy knew... best."

Oh, gods, it felt so relaxing to just admit that. He felt so dreamy, so sleepy, so... sweet...

"Ten," she purred, leaning in close, "and it's time to take my medicine."

"Ten," he slurred mindlessly, "and it's time to take my mmmmm..."

"Good boy," she cooed, her voice as wonderfully sweet as the medicine the spoon slipped between his lips, silencing him with syrupy loveliness. The glow was so intense, he could barely think. Barely... think. Barely think. He blinked up at Nurse Poppy, and her nice, bouncy tits, barely contained within that lacy brassiere. "Such a goooood patient."

He blinked. He felt so warm. So fuzzy. Some part of his brain was... was saying that this wasn't good, even though it felt goooood, just like Nurse Poppy said, and that part of his brain felt so goopy and limp and... so good...

She was giggling. Her boobs were jiggling. She was glowing, radiant, an angel of love above him. He swallowed, and everything felt so easy. But it wasn't right. Was it? "Okay, then, dear," she whispered, her fingers stroking his hair so nicely, so lovingly, "now, let's count back down, okay?"

"'Kay..." He blinked again, trying to focus. He had to focus on that feeling of unease. He knew that. He just... couldn't seem to...

"Ten," she said, smirking, as her hand stroked him, and he was vaguely conscious of how difficult it was to keep holding his head up like this, "and it's time to take your medicine!"

"Ten," he whispered, "and it's time to... mm...?"

She popped the spoon between his lips, and he eagerly sucked at it, licked up all of the tasty medicine he could get, even as a voice warned him that this was wrong...

"Nine," she said, her fingers playing with the first button of his shirt, "and you know Nurse Poppy knows what's best for you."

"Nine," he mumbled, "and I know Nurse Poppy knows what's... best for me." Wasn't that the same thing he'd said before? Surely it was. They were just counting back down. Just counting back down. Down.

"Good boy," she said happily. She was stroking his hair so very fondly, and it felt so nice to be petted, to be a pet, to be her pet. He gazed up at her, her whole form glistening in the foggy glow like that of a goddess. A beautiful, buxom goddess of love. "Eight, and you're so happy to be here."
