 He stood alone before the huge ornate double doors and summoned up his courage to clasp the huge knocker and let it fall. He could hear music lilting from within. "Come in," Mavka's voice cut through the music. Her voice, deep, smooth and dark as her eyes, even more melodious than the music coming from her room. Edovan swallowed, and reached for the door's handle, pulling it open carefully. He could have sworn he heard a soft "click" after Mavka had spoken.

The darkened room was huge. It appeared to be completely round, though much of the sides were shrouded completely in shadows or cordoned off by ornate silk screen panels. The main area though was all but bare of furniture, the wide expanse covered in lush dark furs of various kinds like a giant patch work covering the floor from wall to wall. The red tinged lighting seemed to come from majikal sources placed strategically around the room, but covered in red translucent glass fixtures.

It illuminated only two things he could see that were not hidden behind the screens. One was a huge lounge of some kind, fully 10ft long, 4ft wide and 3 ft high, covered in red velvet cushions and pillows. It also had strange brass rings protruding from each corner from which hung a variety of chains, ropes, whips, manacles, and many other things Edovan's sheltered mind either could not or did not want to identify. Thankfully it was empty. 

Her voice had come to him instead from a huge shallow pit in the middle of the floor, filled with furs and pillows and cushions of all shapes and sizes, and there in the middle of it, laying on her side with her back to him was the long sinuous figure of Mavka, the red light sparkling off her shimmering dark skin, her head propped up on one elbow as she slowly turned the pages of a large book he could not see from his angle. 

He felt like a wizard about to treat with a beautiful dragon deep in her lair, an impression only reinforced by her black curved horns protruding up and back through her long wavy dark hair and her tail lazily flicking its pointed tip back and forth behind her. He swallowed reflexively. Would the dragon accept his offering? Or would he become the offering? Surely the twins were joking about her actually eating him. At worst that was just a metaphor for intercourse..right? Though as he crept closer to her enormous form, stretched out like some great cat, he began to wonder..

He actually knew quite a bit about dremora and other daedra. He was desperately trying to recall if he had ever read about such a thing in his studies, but female dremora were very rare, and much of what was written had to be taken with a dose of healthy skepticism. Well, it was too late now. He decided he would trust Yagaritte not to be friends with someone who went around eating people. But then again, what if she didn't know???

He clenched his fist, and with a determination that he drew from deep, deep inside himself, he took a step forward.

Mavka's tail twitched as he stepped forward, though she said nothing, and neither did he. She could feel his power emanating from him, could smell him from across the room, cutting through the scent of her perfume. She purred deeply to herself, licking her lips. Well, this hadn't been who she had expected, but this was better. A real treat...

"Come on, Bariik," she growled softly, playing dumb, barely loud enough for Edovan to hear her voice over the music. "Don't be afraid, you know better..." she added, her tail flicking playfully. She didn't know if Edovan would play along, but was curious to see where he took this. She new she could get him, and herself, into a lot of trouble, but she couldn't resist. At least for just a little bit... she promised herself.

Edovan took another step forward, dumbfounded. His head was stuffy, felt like it was full of cotton- her scent, the music, her voice, the room, the powerful objects he could sense strewn about the room. It was a lot to take in. He opened his mouth to protest, but only a small squeak came out, and it was swallowed up by the room.

Mavka rested a hand on her thigh, slowly moving it up her body, letting her nails scratch lightly into her own skin. She trailed shapes across her leg, following the red, faintly-glowing pattern etched into her skin. Her hand slipped forward, moving between her legs. She moaned softly to herself, hoping to entice Edovan forward. Even though she knew she shouldn't...

He took yet another step, drawn forward now, inexplicably. He could feel the blood rushing through his body, pounding in his ears. His manhood hardened considerably under the fabric of the robe. He swallowed, watching Mavka intently, every move she made, calculated, sensual, irresistible. He was about halfway across the room now, and even though he wanted to call out to her, to explain that he was not her client, the words could not be found. His tongue was useless in his mouth. Lizard brain had taken over, and it had nothing to say.

Mavka closed her eyes, rolling onto her back. He could see that she was wearing absolutely nothing now, as the light from the nearest magickal lantern flickered, drawing away the shadows that had shrouded her. He hand was between her legs, rubbing. She arched her back, her huge breasts rising into the air.

Edovan took three steps forward this time. He didn't even care if she realized it wasn't him. She would surely chuck him out, but he would take this scene in for as long as he could, no matter how much logical brain protested in the background that it wasn't right of him to watch her this way. He pushed the voice down, his primal sense overtaking any rational thought. He was dazed, hungry, horny...

Mavka moaned softly from her pile of pillows, her body undulating gently as she pleasured herself, fingers now making soft wet noises as they plunged inside her. Of course, this was not how her normal sessions began, but this wasn't a normal session, was it? Her other hand came up and pinched a nipple between its fingers, rolling it around gently.

Edovan stepped into the pit now, watching her, mesmerized. The whole reason for his presence here was a forgotten memory, lost to lust.

Mavka snapped her eyes open and suddenly looked up at him, baring her fangs. "Hello little mouse," she said throatily.

Edovan gasped softly. He'd been caught. "I-" was all he could manage to stutter, and Mavka was suddenly up on her knees, drawing herself up in front of him. Even in this position, she was taller than he was, ridiculously so. She slipped her glistening fingers into her mouth, licking them clean one by one, as Edovan watched her. He was practically drooling.

"What's happened to my appointment?" she asked him, leaning in close. Her hair was heavy and loose around her shoulders, tangled. 

Edovan, blushing, looked up from her breasts, and into her face. "I... ah," he stammered. "He... military... " he trailed off, digging deep for the words, trying to remember what the twin had said to him. "Coup?" he said finally, hanging onto a word that seemed to complete his thought, at least well enough for Mavka to understand him.

Mavka grinned, baring her teeth. "I see," she said, getting up from her knees and standing at her full height. She shook her hair out, then kicked a few pillows out of the way. She started to circle around Edovan, her pussy lips glistening and hungry in the light as she walked. 

Just a little bit of fun wouldn't hurt. She would just... have a little taste, and send him on his way. No worse for wear. She stopped on her third circuit around him, his back pressed to her front. He could feel the heat just above his head, radiating from her cunt. He licked his lips.

"It seems I have an empty spot that you can fill. I think I have just enough room... to fit you in," she murmured softly, pushing herself against him gently. She bent her knees, just so, brushed her pussy lips across the top of his head, gasping softly, but also giggling a little. She grinned down at him, even though his entire body was obscured by her own. "What do you think about that?" she asked him. Maybe if she let him make the choice... she wouldn't be held accountable for what might happen?

Edovan looked up, trying to see her face, but only got an eyeful of pussy, dripping, hungry, eager. "..." he had nothing to say. He simply licked his lips, willing Mavka to lower herself onto him, to let him taste her sweet nectar.

Mavka bent down enough to look at Edovan, her forked tongue dashing between her juicy lips. "What do you want, little mouse?" she asked, looking at his face. She could tell there was an inner turmoil there, at least a little bit, anyway. Clearly his brain had been overridden by the primal hunger in his body, the very basic instinct that drew him to her, that drew them together. 

Edovan moved just enough to look up at her. "I..." he sighed, still unable to really put his thoughts into words, nor could he put his feelings into thoughts. This wasn't exactly right, but he couldn't entirely pinpoint why. Was it Yagaritte? But they had no exclusivity with each each other, they were not married as husband and wife. Was it taking advantage of Mavka? But that wasn't it either, was it, since she had willingly invited him into her presence, even after realizing it was him and not her client? Lizard brain pushed logical brain down the stairs into the cellar and closed the door, locking it up tight. Without another word, Edovan let his oversize robe drop to the furs below and lunged up on his tip toes, arms wrapping around each of Mavka's thighs for leverage, and buried his upper face and part of the top of his small head into her pussy.

Mavka, taken quite by surprise, called out sharply, losing a bit of her balance as he pushed his way into her. She recovered quickly, though, both hands reaching up to immediately cup her breasts, nipples between her fingertips. "Oh..." she said softly, closing her eyes and letting her head fall back. He lapped at her for a few moments, head back, face buried in her heat down to his upper lip, alternating between pressing his tongue inside her and circling her clit over and over, but never touching it directly. It seemed he had paid attention to his impromptu lesson from 4 days ago.

After a few minutes, Mavka lifted and pulled away carefully, looking down at Edovan, whose face was slippery with her juices, licking at his own lips. She grinned at him, enjoying that sight. It gave her a sense of pride to see him covered in her own wetness, as though it were a mark of ownership. She dropped down to her knees again, turning him around toward her, burying his face in her tits. "Bite them," she demanded, pushing a hand into the back of his head. He eagerly obeyed, opening his mouth and pulling a pert nipple between his teeth. He flicked his tongue across it, then sucked, gently at first, then harder. Mavka moaned softly in response, her other hand gliding up and down his back.

Edovan pulled back, then, and with a newly (temporarily) awakened braveness, he slipped out of his pajamas and he dropped to his own knees, so that he was once again face to face with Mavka's pussy, her lips still swollen, still begging for him. He reached a hand up and gently stroked the outside, caressing up and down her vulva, lightly tracing the soft outer ridges of her labia with the just the barest tip of his finger, marveling as they thickened and swelled right before his eyes. She bit her lip and gave a soft moan. He leaned forward and whisper softly kissed her mound, his nose nestled in the soft dark curls. just a centimeter above her engorged clit, then again a centimeter to the left and a third time in the same place on the opposite side, but as he crossed over he let his upper lip brush lightly against the nub before settling in on the other side. She started to part, her body yielding to his tender ministrations and as she slowly bloomed his curious fingers explored this new deeper and much wetter territory as it revealed itself to him. First one, then two fingers..then a third, impossibly gently grazing up and down, side to side, in and out. Lizard brain loved the reaction this elicited, a soft gasp each and everytime. This was true power, he thought to himself...

Eventually, he brought his face forward and began to lick in the same motion, following the same way that Mavka had pleasured Yagaritte earlier. She had responded positively, so he hoped Mavka would do the same. It wasn't a huge shock to him when she did, but he still felt a swell of triumph pass through him. This may have been his first time ever (voluntarily) being with a woman this way, but he knew, even in his miniscule experience, that her gentle squirming and soft moaning was a very good thing. His whole hand inside her now, palm up.. fingertips tracing back and forth against her softness. He could feel her lips widening, begging, beckoning, he could feel her pussy lubricating itself further, calling him deeper.

"Mmmm... Edovan..." she murmured softly, arching her back as Edovan took careful time to explore her with his tongue, slipping between her lips teasingly, lapping at her. She wanted more- she wanted him. She wanted his tongue inside her, his head, his shoulders...his everything inside-

She stopped him suddenly, gripping his shoulder and pushing him back carefully. "Edovan..." she intoned, looking down at him. This... was dangerous. She didn't have a full grip on the entire spectrum of just how dangerous, but she knew, deep down, this was asking for trouble. "I..." she trailed off, biting her lip. He looked so innocent, so adorable, so small down there between her thighs. 

Edovan shook his head up at her. "I want to..." he trailed, looking forward again, facing her pussy, since his words seemed to, still, not be coming correctly. "If that's okay..." he added, looking back up at her again, suddenly unsure of himself, of the entire situation. 

Mavka bit her lip again. She wanted to just eat him up right then and there, he was so adorable. Instead, she slipped her hands around the back of his head and plunged him fully into her nethers. She moaned softly as she felt his face breach her lips, felt her pelvic roof pressing solidly atop his head, his whole face disappearing easily inside her. He lapped around her deeper places for a few moments, then pushed his head up and forward a bit, so he could lick and suck at her clit. His arms came around her thighs, and behind her, resting his hands, splayed, against her ass. She didn't know what would come of this, but she would worry about the repercussions later.

She closed her eyes again, her fingers sliding through his hair, scratching lightly at his scalp, pulling tenderly at his hair. Her tail flicked this way and that, rhythmically, with the movements of his tongue. He spun circles around her clit, then lapped it up and down, flicking it as he passed. He tried to vary the movements and the speed, wondering if it was subtle changes or rhythmic movements that would please her more. As he became more accustomed to her responses, he was better able to adjust his movements to maximise pleasure, without sending her over the edge entirely. For himself, he had a raging erection, but that was the least of his concerns for the moment. 

After what seemed like an eternity, Mavka pulled away again, her heart racing, her cheeks flushed, her breaths coming short and shallow. She sat back on her haunches, then fell back into a mountain of pillows. She pulled her legs out from under her, Edovan still crouched on his knees between her legs. With her tail, she pushed him forward and downward, resuming his position between her thighs. Edovan needed no further instruction that that, and was back, licking and sucking at her clit. In this position, she could spread her legs, opening herself up, giving him more, and easier, access. He took advantage of this, sliding his tongue up and down, between her lips, plunging his tongue inside of her.

She arched her back and rose herself into his whole face, willing him to probe her depths with his mouth, search out her deeper areas with his tongue. He was burrowing now, her outer lips rubbing against his ears. Her pussy threatened to suck him in fully, he could feel its pull as she clasped him, strong and threatening. He was torn inside... he wanted to plunge forward, to give himself to her hunger, but he also wanted to please her in this new way, the way Yagaritte had been pleased. He would fight against her hands urging him down and in, so that he could surface and suck her clit greedily, pressing his tongue against her, only to be pulled under again by the dark currents of her escalating passion, plunging deeply into her depths. Each time he dived, she drew him deeper until even his ears were wrapped in her heat as her lips slipped, wet and thick, around the back of his head.

It went on this way, for nearly another hour. His neck was sore. His tongue was sore. His jaw ached, and he was getting short of breath. But he was determined to please Mavka, to give her those rolling waves of satisfaction she and Yagaritte had given him together. He took her all the way to the edge, then submerged himself between her sweat covered, impossibly powerful thighs, letting her ride her pleasure down again, grinding his whole face into her darkness till his lungs burned and he would struggle upwards and do it all over again. And again and again and again. Eventually, Mavka sat up on her elbows, looking down at his eyes peeking out over her mound. "Please..." she begged. "I can't take it anymore..." she moaned softly, falling back into the pillows. She was covered in sweat, her face glistening. The hunger within her was unbearable, she needed this to end, and she no longer cared whether it ended with him deep inside her, or outside, as he long as he put her out of her blissful misery.

Edovan nodded, drawing his tongue back up to her clit. He drew circles around it for a moment, then pressed his tongue against it roughly, continuing in small circles, then bigger ones. He could feel Mavka tensing underneath him, could feel her thighs starting to quiver on either side of him. She squeezed them closed, trapping him between her legs, her body undulating, shaking with pleasure. He took that as a sign that he was doing it properly.

"Edo-" Mavka groaned, grabbing at the pillows and blankets piled around them. Her tits bounced heavily as she started to move her body against his mouth, as though she were being fucked. "Edo..." she repeated, gasping as she felt herself coming closer to the edge, the warmth in her pussy spreading out into her limbs, her stomach, her chest, her face and her head. She squeezed her eyes closed and let out a groan that filled the room, her thighs crushing him into her as she came. It was violent, in a way far more than Yagaritte's had been. Her whole body shook as she orgasmed, her hands clenching, then opening, over and over again. Her toes curled in on themselves, heels digging into the cushions under them, her body shaking with it. 

Edovan was caught in her earthquake, the dark shimmering surface rumbled and upheaved all around him, until much like the real thing, the terrain suddenly split open and he was plunged forward into the dark chasm before him. He was lost in her dark syrupy heat. His head, his neck, even his shoulders, plunged into her as she arched against him. Her body constricted around him tightly pulling him deeper, his head pressing against, and then suddenly through, the tighter space beyond her inner lips. Edovan was suddenly terrified and confused. He had wanted this before... hadn't he? Wanted to satisfy her with his whole body somehow? Now... he was not so sure. He tried to struggle, but each tiny movement within her elicited another series of contractions, ones that worked to draw him further into her. She clamped down tight on him, without conscious volition of her own, squeezing him with her strong inner muscles, and even stronger thighs. Eventually he learned to relax and let her waves roll over him, each one smaller than before, slowly subsiding till there were only occasional gentle squeezes.
