 Note: While I borrow certain elements from other worlds (DnD, WoW, Elder Scrolls, and others), I generally create everything else from scratch, as I'm quite imaginative. I'll start going into more than just humans now, we're quite boring when it comes to fantasy stuff, aren't we? We're always the 'all around' and 'jack of all trades' type. In any case, hope ya'll like this shit. 

Chapter 2 - Being Damned Sounds Fun

"You know, I never got your names. Mine's Arvad Eversoul, in case you haven't heard of me." A proud voice rung out, though it didn't travel beyond the room the man was staying at. Due to a muffle spell, the room was sound proof in case prying ears were around, though Arvad doubted anyone would want to listen in on his current conversation, lest they were perverts.

"I'm Deliah, milord." 

"And I'm Niela." 

Two feminine voices were added to the mix, both belonging to two women currently mouthing over a certain phallic object belonging to Arvad's body. Both were captured by slavers the other day, they had lost all hope of ever having a sense of freedom. Yet their prayers were answered in the form of a handsome man that rescued them and a another girl whom he said he was the bodyguard of. The man had slain all three slavers and burnt down their hideout in vengeance of attempting to enslave another girl named Raisel. Though that wasn't important at the moment. What was important was that both girls properly showed their gratitude to their benefactor. 

Deliah had the body of a dancer, voluptuous breasts and curves, she was undoubtedly eye candy to any healthy man she passed. She had originally passed by the slaver's inn in hopes for a safe night's sleep. As she had no money that night, she offered to perform in the inn, garnering many whoops and hollers as she seductively shook her hips and squeezed her bust during the dance. In the end, she was offered a room for the night, but she was abducted shortly after and placed in the cage where another human girl, Niela lain, sobbing.

Niela was slender, while she did not have the seductive body Deliah owned, she did have the transcendent beauty of a fairy. Complete with moist eyes, silver hair, and pale skin. She was selected out of several women spending the night at the slaver's inn for being the most beautiful and highest quality. The captain of the slaver's figured she would garner a decent price. Being the first of the slaver's haul this time, she did not feel honored in the slightest, fighting as much as possible in every chance she could get. She was not one to give up even the slightest chance of escape, nor was she one to forget a debt when Arvad freed her.

Arvad was surprised when both the girls showed up in his room that night. He promised to escort them safely to the capital city or anywhere in between, yet he did not expect them to offer their bodies for the night, not that he argued of course. Raisel was sleeping in another room, most likely unaware of Arvad's current joyous situation. Thanks to the muffle spell, she most likely would never know in any case. 

Both Deliah and Niela double teamed Arvad's hard prick, licking around the shaft, head and balls. Niela used her tongue to stimulate the sensitive nerves around the head of the dick, licking around the slit and under the head. Deliah licked the length of the shaft down to the balls, sucking on the left one delicately while looking up at Arvad with her blue eyes. Niela, once noticing Deliah sucking on one of the balls, kissed down repeatedly until she kissed the right ball, then sucking it while also looking up at Arvad with her brown eyes. 

Both Deliah and Niela saw that Arvad was about to burst, though he strained himself to calm down. Even though both girls assumed correctly that he could go on more than once, probably even twice or thrice, they wanted to save his seed for a more powerful orgasm. 

"Niela, let me use these." Deliah said as she lifted up her large breasts, they were much larger than the average human, even bigger than the average of many of the other races. 

Niela, as Deliah held of her breasts, groped and squeezed them gently, tweaking and rolling the nipples around. Niela, sadly, did not have much of a bust, she never even bothered to measure it, though she loved playing with the large tits of other women when she had the chance. Deliah let out a slight moan as Niela squeezed the nipples, while also rubbing the voluptuous women's pussy, paying special attention to the clitoris. 

The hot lesbian action didn't last too long, as Niela let go and moved over to Arvad's head. Deliah rolled her large breasts around a little more, enticing Arvad greatly. Before long, Deliah stroked Arvad's hard shaft before wrapping her large breasts around the member. Deliah listened as Arvad groaned, though it got muffled by Niela's lips going in for a kiss. 

Niela covered Arvad's lips with her own, forcing any noises to go through her mouth. She entangled her tongue with his, as both sides exchanged saliva. Their lips began getting slippery and wet as their kiss became slightly animalistic. Arvad sucked on Niela's lips while his tongue was still inside her mouth. Niela, in turn, sucked on Arvad's tongue and lips, savoring the taste of his mouth. It was as if his mouth never had a dirty day in its life, always clean and well kept, practically unnatural for a human male. 

Ignoring the matter, Arvad brought one of his hands to the back of Niela's head, forcing her lips more on him. He place his other hand on the slender women's chest, though the bust was small, she still had prominent nipples which needed tending too. Niela moaned as Arvad squeezed her nipples between two of his fingers, they were already hard from the beginning, so it was not too much trouble to solicit a reaction out of her. He licked the insides of her lips as he firmly pulled on the nipple, causing her to whimper. 

It was Arvad's turn to moan as Deliah pushed down on her breasts, the soft flesh enveloping his hard shaft. She smirked as she noticed a glimpse of ecstasy on Arvad's face, even though it was currently occupied by Niela. Deliah could feel the throbbing cock in between her tits if she pressed hard enough. It wouldn't be long until he couldn't resist his climax. She enjoyed the feeling of the warm shaft between her breasts, she enjoyed even more the fact she was giving great pleasure to Arvad. The busty woman couldn't resist slipping a hand down between her thighs as she rubbed around her wet folds. Deliah rubbed and squeezed her breasts up and down the shaft, they were big enough to completely envelop the hard cock if she extended the range of her flesh enough. Occasionally, the head and part of the shaft popped out from between the warm tit flesh. Deliah licked her lips at the sight of the head of Arvad's prick, going down for a taste. She swiped her tongue at the precum, savoring the taste of Arvad's semen. Whenever the head popped out from between her cleavage, Deliah licked the head, stimulating the pleasure points. When more than just the head appeared, Deliah couldn't resist wrapping her lips around the shaft and suck on it while she also fucked the stick with her breasts. 

Deliah brought a hand down to the member's balls, fondling and tickling them gently. Arvad found the pleasure too great, his mind overloaded with lust as he came to climax. Between Deliah's breasts, Deliah could feel the warm shaft pulsating and twitching, she looked down at the head only to receive a face full of Arvad's sticky seed. She didn't mind, but she recoiled and the rest of the white ropes of cum splattered around her large, soft breasts. Deliah licked around her lips, catching any of Arvad's seed and consuming it, what she couldn't reach with her tongue she collected with her fingers. 

Niela's lips left Arvad's mouth as turned around towards Deliah. She climbed over the man's face and positioned herself so that her dripping pussy was directly over Arvad's mouth. From what she could gather over their prolonged kiss, Arvad's tongue was quite skilled, she figured that Arvad was no amateur when it came to oral as well. Niela, when she felt she was comfortable, placed her knees on both sides of Arvad's body with her ass hovering over his face, and Niela's own face hovering near the cum-splattered tits. Deliah continued to pleasure Arvad's shaft until it got completely hard again, she watched as Niela then licked her large breasts. Niela collected every drop of seed on and between Deliah's bust, licking around the head of the shaft for any excess semen. Deliah moaned as she felt Niela's warm tongue lick all around her bust, into her cleavage, and on the nipples. She sucked both of the hard pods firmly, pulling them out of her mouth with a pop as she switched in between. 

Niela went down on Arvad's shaft, bending over and swallowing as much of the hard dick as possible. Due to her position, Niela couldn't bring the cock deep enough into her mouth. Despite that, Arvad moaned over Niela's pussy, it felt incredibly good to have his cock in Niela's mouth and between her pink lips. When Niela felt that Arvad's dick was hard enough, she reluctantly relieved her mouth of the intruder. She wrapped her hand around the base of the shaft, holding it upright for Deliah. 

Deliah focused her eyes on the hard again member, biting her lower lip as Niela wiggled it enticingly. The busty dancer was trembling as she imagined Arvad's hard shaft pumping in and out of her slick pussy. She climbed over Arvad's waist, aiming her dripping nether lips for the head of Arvad's dick. Niela held the quivering cock still as it slowly penetrated Deliah's folds. 

Bolts of ecstasy entered Deliah's mind, she didn't expect something as simple as Arvad's cock entering her would feel so good. In any case, Deliah instantly came on Arvad's cock. Her orgasm was slowly building up since the beginning, so it finally arrived with a resounding crescendo. Deliah enthusiastically began bouncing herself on Arvad's shaft, savoring the feeling of it rubbing against her squeezing walls. She hilted herself on Arvad's waist, she placed both of her hands on Niela's shoulders for stability. She could feel the head entering her womb and prodding the back of her pussy. Soon, Deliah panted heavily, though not out of loss of energy, but out of intense desire. 

Niela held up Deliah as best as she could, as she herself was in the throes of an amazing orgasm brought on by Arvad's nimble tongue work on her slick folds. Arvad skillfully utilized his tongue to lick and prod against all of Niela's pleasure points on the outside of her pussy. He penetrated the slick lips, savoring Niela's juices intensely. He teased Niela's clitoris, licking the sensitive points carefully, enough to drive Niela slightly crazy with pleasure. 

Out of pure lustful instinct, Niela held up Deliah's breasts, pinching the nipples and squeezing the soft flesh together. In a sex-driven frenzy, Niela nibbled and suckled on Deliah's large breasts, leaving faint bite marks in the softness. Deliah moaned rather loudly as she received a hard thrust from Arvad's hips which forced Niela to firmly bite down on her nipples. That particular moan would have been heard from outside the room if not for Arvad's convenient muffle spell. 

While Deliah rocked her hips back and forth, bouncing her luscious ass up and down on his shaft, Arvad welcomed her wetness down on his cock. Deliah could feel the head enter her womb and prod the back of her walls with each enthusiastic thrust. Soon, she felt practically double the pleasure once Arvad moved into action. 

Both Niela and Deliah could feel Arvad's renewed vigor, he thrusted his fingers inside Niela's pussy while also licking around the slick folds, Deliah held on tightly as to not buckle from the pleasure as Arvad combined her rampant bouncing with his own pelvic thrusting. He had sat still before, though he decided to expend his energy on pumping his shaft in and out of Deliah's nether lips. 

Minutes of their wild threesome passed until more orgasms arrived. Deliah was closing her eyes shut tightly as Niela nibbled and licked her nipples and areolas. She also trembled from the wild pounding she received from Arvad, who showed no signs of slowing down. It wasn't long until Deliah's second climax entered the scene. Being the first to climax twice in the triage, Deliah wrapped her lips around Niela's perky nipples. Her screams were muffled by her sucking on Niela's small but pert breasts. 

Niela, who had not normally had her nipples receive this much attention, also came on Arvad's face. Her juices overflowed as Arvad lapped it down. Niela lifted Deliah's moaning, listless face off of her breasts and latched her pink lips on Deliah's luscious ones. Both girls moaned into each other's mouths as they licked around lustfully. They exchanged saliva as their orgasm subsided slowly. A grunt came out from Arvad as he signaled his own impending orgasm. 

Both girls had prepared themselves before entering Arvad's room, making sure no pregnancy was possible. Deliah nodded towards Arvad's eyes as she silently said that it was okay for him to pump her womb full of his seed. She made it verbal incase Arvad didn't understand, "J-just fucking cum deep in me... I want it bad" Deliah sluggishly drew out her words.

Arvad grasped Deliah's hips as he violently thrust his cock deep into the dancer's pussy, the head entering hitting the back of the womb. Ropes of sticky, white semen entered Deliah's womb, painting her insides white. Deliah groaned as if beset by a lethargic disease. She savored the feeling of Arvad's warm seed living in her insides. She tightly pinched her nipples with her fingers in order to prolong the pleasurable feeling. 

Arvad lifted Deliah off his shaft, the busty dancer moaned once again as she felt Arvad's member leave her pussy. He pushed Niela off to the side, placing her on her side. Arvad moved behind Niela, spooning her butt. 

To both girl's surprise, Arvad was still quite hard, even though it wasn't like that after his first orgasm. The man teased Niela's pussy by sliding and prodding it with the head of his shaft. Niela then moaned out, "Ahnnn! Ah, n-no not there... My pussy's so tender and sensitive."

Arvad simply replied, as if he wasn't affected by the wild copulation from before, "Well, I've yet to fuck one of your holes yet... If I can't do your pussy, I've got either your mouth or ass."

Niela didn't think that she would be having anal sex this night when she entered Arvad's room, though she definitely didn't mind it. Niela delved into both genders when having sex, though preferring women over men. And along the ways, she found out she quite liked having a thick shaft or toy in her tight butt. Mulling it over didn't take too long, "Your nice, big, dick up my ass would be great. Ahn!" 

A squeal escape Niela's mouth as Arvad prodded Niela's puckered hole with the thick head of his member. Despite already being lubricated from Deliah's juices, Deliah herself wrapped her lips around Arvad's cock and sucked it a couple times, coating it with her saliva. She tasted her own juices mixed with Arvad's semen on the thick shaft. Once Deliah was satisfied, she removed her mouth from the cock and nodded towards Arvad. 

Arvad spat on Niela's crack, the saliva seeping down, lubricating her puckered ring. He rubbed his shaft around her butt before placing the head at the tight entrance. Once Arvad couldn't resist any more of his own teasing, he prodded the entrance with the head of his member, slowly pushing it inside. Niela arched her back, gasping with her tongue out. She balled her fists and toes while enjoying the weird feeling of the handsome man's cock slowly filling her up in her ass. Arvad lifted Niela's leg in the air, as to allow easier access for him to thrust inside Niela's asshole. 

Niela felt her walls slowly give away to the thick intruder, though still squeezing him for every bit of seed left in it. Niela clenched her teeth tightly as she felt Arvad hilting himself in her. She breathed slowly as the tight walls of her ass finally gave Arvad's shaft the appropriate room to maneuver. Niela rolled her eyes back as Arvad pulled out, only to shove his dick back in when the head was the only thing left in the tight hole. 

Arvad fit a paced tempo, not going too fast as to cause discomfort, but not too slow as to make the experience even slightly boring. He reached his arm over Niela's side for her prominent nipples, pinching and squeezing them. He could feel his cock being milked for all its worth as he impaled Niela's tight butt with his slick member.

Niela screamed the loudest she had this encounter when Arvad pulled out all the way and stabbed forward, hilting himself in one swift movement. From that point, he did the same thing irregularly, causing Niela to spasm from the pleasure. The feeling of having her tightness be stretched out many times over almost made Niela pass out from the combination of pleasure and slight pain. In any case, she was clearly enjoying the anal treatment from Arvad. 

As Arvad thrusted his his shaft in deeply, he pulled firmly at at Niela's nipples, he also kissed and sucked on the lobe of her ear. It was the combined sensations that Arvad was giving her that caused Niela to orgasm again. It was like a sudden tsunami (slight hyperbole, I hate squirting), Niela didn't expect her to climax so suddenly, she moaned loudly into Deliah's breasts. Along the way of the fierce pounding she received from Arvad, Niela also began suckling on Deliah's nipples, nibbling them playfully. In any case, Niela widened and closed her eyes as waves of pleasurable sensations rippled throughout her body, originating from both of her main holes and traveling to her brain. 

Arvad himself noticed his impending orgasm, but he slowed down as to prolong the experience just a little bit longer. He moved his hand up to Niela's mouth, who then wrapped her lips and sucked on Arvad's fingers lustfully. Man eligible thoughts passed through Arvad and Niela's head, but pushed out by thoughts of pure lust. Arvad continued to pump his shaft into the slender girl's body. 

Despite her overall size, Niela was quite sturdy, and though she definitely didn't put out like a working girl, she could easily accommodate Arvad's size at the moment. Niela wasn't sure how much longer she could last, she wasn't exaggerating to herself when she felt that she was about to pass out from pleasure. The only way to endure this experience, she had to force Arvad to cum lest she would go unconscious, not that she minded passing out from pleasure. She forced the her muscles to contract and clutch down on Arvad's shaft as hard as possible. 

Arvad chuckled at Niela's obvious effort, he figured he would play nice for once and go along with the flow. He continued to thrust hard into Niela's stretched asshole, continuing to savor the intense sensation of her walls constricting down on his shaft. 

Niela felt the shaft, which was wildly thrusting into her ass, beginning to pulse as his semen rushed to his shaft. Tens of seconds passed as Arvad fell into a lustful frenzy, pounding away at Niela's butt for all its worth. Soon, Arvad hilted himself in Niela's asshole, he felt his seed began to gush into her rectum. Niela was delighted at the feeling of Arvad's sticky, warm seed filling her insides. 

Once Arvad's semen stopped coming out, plastering Niela's tight, warm walls, Arvad removed his shaft from Niela's ass. Both Arvad and Niela panted heavily, relishing the afterglow of the sex they both took part in just now. 

Without so much of a word to each other, only sly looks with unintentional smirks, all three of the people present found a position comfortable and soon fell asleep. 
