 It was Alexander's first morning back from college after having just finished his bachelor's degree. He confidently walked into his father's study after receiving a summons with breakfast. As a child this room's vastness and incredible sights and toys always held him in awe. Now a fully-grown man he could truly appreciate its architecture and the collections of various occult items. It was set up like a museum, but he knew it was an armory. He strode to a couple of high backed leather chairs that had been placed in front of his father's opulent desk. It wasn't until he sat down that he noticed her. Beside Alexander sat easily the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.

She wore a professional's black blouse and pencil skirt. Her hair resembled raven colored silk. Her body only something that could be concocted by the imagination. It was her face however that had him manually breathing after several seconds of his brain forgetting how. Its features were aligned and sculpted so deftly he couldn't remove his eyes from it. If he spent the rest of his time here on earth looking at that face it would be a life well lived. Without a word she rose from her seat. Her eyes stayed locked with his leaving him frozen in place by her enrapturing gaze.

Before he could react, she leaned down, lifted his chin and kissed him deeply. A white blazing light rolled across his mind burning away all thought. Caught in a stupor he sat unblinking and staring forward. The woman circled the enormous polished wooden masterpiece that sat in front of his father. She took her place standing beside him, one hand resting on his nearest shoulder. "I mean you no harm, Alexander. I've only put you under control, so this process goes smoothly, and you will be able to retain the information without fail." His father did not look at the gorgeous creature, instead he eyed a green liquid filled silver goblet in front of him. His attention did not falter when the woman drew his envelope opener across her palm leaking out blood to stew with the contents of the goblet.

Still focused on the cup Alexander's father passed the woman a handkerchief which she used to clean the blood from her hand. The wound had already closed, curious that. Alexander had finally had his first thought since the kiss. He still did not attempt to speak. Both her hands clasped around goblet and with the grace of a predatory cat she moved to him, placing it to his lips. "Drink and do not spill a drop." He obeyed as she leaned it towards him. It tasted absolutely horrible. He drank it all sparing nothing. Satisfied she placed the goblet on the table and went back to his father's side.

"You've been chosen to be a full servant of the dark lord. You will become like me, a succubus. You know what this is and what that entails, correct?" Hearing the question in her voice he knew he would be allowed to speak. "Yes, Mistress." He knew generally that a succubus was a shape-shifting demon that drew energy from people through sexual contact. His family had been faithful servants of the dark lord for a millennium and he was taught things of this nature at a young age. "You will call me by my name, Allerius. I will explain to you the most important parts of your future existence and over the following days will teach you the finer details. That is why I have been sent here, to guide your rebirth and impart useful guidance."

He hadn't noticed it until he felt a dull ache. He was fully erect. His penis stressed against the confines of his pants. He kept eye contact with her and didn't look down. He was not embarrassed. This was just an effect of the compulsion she infused in him through the kiss. He didn't really hear her but knew everything was being etched into his mind as if carved in stone. He would not forget it for the rest of his life. A phone was passed to him which he placed inside of his breast pocket. Her voice seeped into Alex's mind, sheltering deep inside. Even the sudden burning sensation he felt ravaging his entire body could not keep the succubus's instructions from his memory.

Sweat began pouring off from him. The pain in his crotch now came in a distant second to his searing body. His bones felt like they were ready to melt inside his prison of fiery muscle and flesh. Allerius continued like nothing was happening to him. He could not have spoken if it meant his life. The last thing Alexander remembered seeing before darkness swept over his vision was the sight of his father, fingers steepled, smiling at him from across the desk.

Alex awoke in the bed she had slept in her first night back at the manor. The knowledge Allerius had been conveying to her had successfully continued through the blackout. She was sure because she could remember hours of it. In seven days after the first phase of the transformation had fully taken hold she would sleep with a man named Brock Cadwell, a business associate of her father's. At that point she would become a full-fledged Succubus.

The first time being with someone of high mental capacity and physical prowess was of incredibly importance. The partner that delivered her from her current form into her final one would leave a lasting imprint that would follow her the rest of her life. Due to a Succubus being immortal that could end up being a rather long time. He had been handpicked by Allerius and her father.

Her humanity had been stripped away. Even in this larvae stage she was no longer a homo sapien. She desired no water, no food, unlike a true Succubus she did however continue to draw oxygen from the environment. The blessing she drank for the transformation would provide her with the energy needed to survive for a month. She will have slept with Brock long before that time expired. All this she knew from the memories Allerius had permanently etched into her mind.

Pulling back the sheets, Alex saw that she was naked. Also, she was no longer a man. Panic as she felt for her beloved penis, it was gone. She clasped her breasts, those were new. She frantically touched a face that was not her own. Shooting up from the bed and rushing over to a full body mirror, she came eye to eye with Allerius. At least the form that Allerius had taken for the ritual. So that is what the blood was for she thought to herself before passing out a second time.

''Alexander, Alexander, Alexander,'' a voice repeated as she felt her shoulders quake and her petite breasts jiggle. Alex's eyes opened, and she moaned, ''I'm awake. I'm awake.'' Rising to a seated position propped up by her hands against the floor she looked at her younger brother Arthur. "What happened?" he asked her. Legitimate concern was in his voice and showed on his face. "I passed out from the shock of being turned into a girl, Arthur." She emphasized his name as if to imply he was an idiot for asking such a question.

It was a legitimate question though. Alex had never feinted before. "You're not a girl. You're a succubus. Well, almost one." Arthur replied in a matter of fact tone, taking her hand and helping her to stand. Once she was up Arthur eyed her body. Alex blushed and so did he as she scrambled to take up a blanket from her bed and wrap herself in it. Yeah, good point. I am OK though, just a little weary. Arthur helped her to sit on the bed, taking a spot beside her.

Alex looked at the tent in his trousers and gave him an admonishing frown. Arthur was defensive. "Have you seen yourself? Besides you're not really my brother anymore.'' Arthur instantly grew his own frown realizing it was true. "You'll be able to shape shift back to your old body after you become a full succubus." Arthur began to smile, "It won't be that different you'll just be an immortal with super powers." That was true in a way, but Alex would always retain her same density no matter what form she took. She would have to weight herself to see what she would be working with for eternity.

"I can't say I feel sorry for you. But" Arthur managed to say before Alex cut him off. "Don't. It's a great honor and I am proud to be chosen for this role. The pity is I can't be your brother anymore." She brushed his cheek and smiled at him, he blushed hard. What was she doing she thought to herself as she got up still wrapped in her blanket and walked to her bathroom attached to the sleeping chambers. "I have to take a shower. The sweat from the ritual had dried." "Can I watch?" Arthur asked in a very serious tone. Alex rolled her eyes and shut the door.

Drearily looking down at the scale she whispered the number out loud, "one twenty-five." It was not much, she had been far heavier than that and was hoping for more. The initial transformation had stripped her of nearly sixty pounds. She would also have to get used to being much shorter than she had been or risk being willowy or so light a strong wind could lift her like a kite. Having to maintain a specific mass was the biggest constraint when it came to her version of shape shifting. She could form nearly any material in any shape, but she would have to remain 125 pounds.

Troubled by the low number she sucked her teeth in frustration then put the scale away. She would never need one again. After her shower she took the time to examine her current body. If this Brock Caldwell did not find it to his liking she would have to ask Allerius to turn her into a male because surely Brock would have to be gay.

"Speak of the devil," she said taking a ringing phone from her jacket that had been discarded beside the bed. Still in the nude Alex cuddled into the sheets and began a conversation that lasted well into the night. By the end she had her date set for next Saturday. It had been weird talking to a man in this fashion, but it went smoothly. She wondered just how much she had already changed before snuggling her pillow. Alex laid there for nearly ten minutes with her eyes closed before it dawned on her. Succubus did not sleep unless under duress.

She did not dream any time away, but the days still seemed to go fast. She spent most of it learning the intricate details of being a creature of the dark lord from Allerius. Allerius had taken a different form, one she said was her real one, but Alex thought that was a lie. She was far too beautiful, then again Allerius was born a succubus, a full demon. It was rare for the dark ones to pool the ingredients needed to create a succubus from a human. They had also gone shopping. They brought bodyguards to keep men from continually harassing them. Even in the upscale locations, the retailers could not help themselves. By the end of the ordeal she had several outfits in many sizes that a 125-pound woman could wear. Her bra collection seemed to take a drawer of its own. She was told changing her breasts to certain men's appeal would be something she did often.

Her father still had not spoken to her by the time Saturday had rolled around. Aside from Allerius, the only people she had talked were her brother and Brock. She texted him often, one night the conversation had gotten a little raunchy and she informed him that he could ejaculate inside of her because she was on the pill. That was a lie, but she did not have reproductive capabilities, so it would be even safer. She was also immune to disease, another bonus. In fact, since her body completely annihilated food and drink her anus was nothing more than another orifice she could use to extract energy.

Allerius had explained that both the anus and her vagina bore little resemblance to the real thing other than the look. Alex would feel something inside her differently than a real woman. She was informed her clitoris would be of little pleasure and that having something inside would be the true catalyst to her personal ecstasy. After she attained her abilities she could change all of this, including how it felt for the person penetrating her. When alone and especially when talking to Brock she felt the urge to touch herself. This had been strictly forbidden and she would just have to wait.

The wait would not be long. It was the day of her rebirth. Allerius had chosen the outfit aside from the underwear which Alex picked with her mentors' approval. Alex's hair was done with the aid of maids and Allerius overseeing. It was an Asian style creating two buns with the weaving of the hair and held together by two black spikes. The dress was Asian as well, zipping up the back and only coming down past the halfway point of her thigh. For the feet there were gladiator sandals, her toenails painted the same color as the black leather of her footwear. She admired her body in the mirror, she looked splendid. Her flesh was perfect, and she had noticed not a hair grew on her below the top of her head. She suspected the hair itself did not grow either.

Small amounts of makeup were applied. Eyeliner and lip gloss were unneeded due to the natural beauty of the form but helped to mask the perfection which could come in handy. Alex was handed what looked like a piece of red candy by one of the maids. She gave Allerius a questioning look, the succubus responded with a grin and "An aphrodisiac." "You think he won't want this?" Alex motioned to herself. Allerius paused for a moment then in a serious tone, "It's for you. So, you can go through with it. Your nature is not fully changed yet." Alex pondered for a few seconds then slowly nodded. A little extra push for her to do what she would need to in the moment was welcome. "Now?" Alex asked and Allerius affirmed. Alex put the candy in her mouth and it dissolved almost instantly. Normally it would be used to spike liquids.

"It will take some time to work on you in particular due to your physiology and its effects won't be as potent." Allerius said as she casually adjusted Alex's hair and dress. It was decided Alex would wear no jewelry. She was told it would have an adverse effect on the change. Alex wondered how but Allerius would not explain further. Much of the experience she either didn't know or wanted it to be a surprise, so it would go more naturally. Being born a succubus Allerius had not went through it herself.

Before the anxiety could build any further the driver had arrived, she took up her clutch that contained her Id, phone and some odds and ends. Brock waited for her outside the vehicle. He was so tall compared to her height now. No, he would be tall compared to her previous height too. He was handsome like in his pictures, he kissed her hand like they were from an older time and he escorted her into the SUV.

The date went better than she would have suspected. Alex had played the role of an interested female well and their conversations had been pleasant and fun like the ones on the phone. He was a gentleman but his eyes betrayed lust throughout the night. When they got in the car to drive back, he told the man to bring them back to her home. "I'd rather we have our fun at your place." Alex insisted, he blushed in response, " I did... not want to be presumptuous," he replied as he looked over her amazing presentation. "The things I texted you those nights were not idle fancies, they were promises." Alex said with a grin. Brock told the driver to head to his home instead.

Alex was surprised when the driver came to a stop and Brock told her they'd walk the rest of the way. Heavily light with visible cameras, a sturdy iron gate loomed fifteen feet up flanked by brick walls just as high. The gate bars were essentially spears pointing towards the sky. Their threatening spikes did not seem to be just for display. Similar spikes jutted out the top of the brick wall which extended around the property. Alex could not tell how far it went in either direction because of the darkness but reasoned it was rather vast seeing as how she saw no side streets or other homes for a good five minutes in the last portion of the drive.

"What are you, Bruce Wayne?" Alex giggled as the iron gate grinded open after the click of a button from something in Brock's pocket. Brock seemed startled at first then smiled, "Why would you think that?" "Oh, it's just we're out in the middle of nowhere. Huge walls, very secretive manor where you can't be disturbed. Like you're working on your bat mobile and need privacy." Alex smiled and gripped her clutch in one hand as she began to follow off to Brock's side, her sandals crunching on dead leaves that covered the driveway. Alex wondered if there was a grounds crew as they turned the corner. The trees giving way to the view of the manor.

The building was larger than even her grandfather's home. It was overly bright just like the gate and visible security cameras littered the walls. It made sense to Alex that precautions would be taken when the home is isolated and clearly houses wealth. "Does anyone else live on your estate?" Alex asked as they approached a massive double door. "I have the servant quarters a half mile down. As for the Manor house, yes, an assistant of mine lives here but he claims to be away for the night." He paused for a moment then with a pleased smirk added, "I guess that's for the best."

One of the heavy doors swung open with another clicking sound from his suit pocket. Alex stepped in and he followed behind her. The walls and incooping's were furnished with archaic museum pieces and paintings from all over the world. "No servants to greet us?" Alex asked, allowing Brock to take the lead as she openly gawked at the majestic antechamber. Oblivious she did not notice he stopped to face her. She collided with him, her hands instinctively shooting up to guard her, pressing against his chest. "Sorry, I was just admiring your..." She took an awkward step back, blushing. Why was she blushing and behaving this way?

She grasped her clutch behind her back with both hands not looking him in the eye. What had gotten into her, it's almost as if she was attracted to him. Maybe the change had already begun. That is not what Allerius said would happen though. It would be sometime after she first made love. He was handsome, well built, charismatic and she was definitely going to sleep with him tonight. Was she just inventing feelings to make this process go easier or were they legitimate?

Confused, Alex couldn't find the reason behind her emotions. She thought maybe it could be a compulsion imposed by Allerius or the aphrodisiac. There was a chance of that but in her heart, she knew the truth. She had to come to grips with the fact she was no longer her old self. She was not even a human. In a way the true change had already happened. Whatever she was now liked this man.

"You were very close with your original guess, Alex." He gave her a warm smile as her eyes finally found their way back to his. "I'm not Batman though, I'm actually a wizard. I ward my home for when the sun goes down, only me and my apprentice can go through them unharmed." Alex kept a straight face and nodded curtly. "I see, so Harry Potter or Gandalf?" she questioned him, raising an eyebrow. "More like Gandalf but much stronger," he nodded and gave her a grin. "And sexier!" She exclaimed before giving him a devious wink. "But only by a little bit," she held her forefinger and thumb just slightly apart. "I'd let Gandalf use his staff on me any day."

"Do you have a magic staff you'd want to use on me?" She mused, sauntering close to him, this time not blushing. She was going to do this. She knew what a man wanted. She had intimate knowledge of it. There was no reason to be squeamish. This had to go right. Allerius had demanded she sleep with him and she herself wanted to do it. Alex also wanted out of this weird limbo. She felt like a caterpillar that had cocooned itself waiting to become a butterfly. "I have quite a few, do you want to pick one... or two... from my collection?" He said, cupping her waist before leaning in to kiss her.

It was awkward at first, he was so strong, his lips so firm. Quickly regaining her composure, she began to kiss him back. Her hands, one still with the clutch, slide underneath his jacket so she could feel his pec muscles. They began to exchange probing tongues passed each other's lips. He had to lean down to her and she stretched to him, but it felt good. She had her eyes closed and thought she might have had to pretend to be kissing a girl but instead found herself enjoying the feeling of his embrace.
