 We got our implants five years after they were developed, and were beginning to get cheaper. We didn't go for the full integration; that just seemed like too much. Like giving up our minds to the feed. We can turn them off. And we do when we need to think. We can also pull out the chip, like a hard reset. Everything else is passive, the chip does all the work. It doesn't have control over what we do, just our sensory input, so if either of us get hacked we can get out of it. No horror stories for us.

She hacked it though. Last week. Figured out how to manipulate the code directly. She gave me her sight.

Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be psychic? I certainly did, but now I know. The chip monitors our thoughts, and we can tell it what to do with them. It's the control interface. I've always wondered if anyone can hear them out there. If anyone is recording what I think. I wonder if they find it interesting. Turns out it's possible. She wrote us a custom firewall with an AI writer. It's monitoring the entire network, watching how hackers work, and figuring out how to stop them and updating our firewall on top of what she's already put there. Anyway, she set it up so we can talk to each other in our heads. And not just words, thoughts, feelings, impressions. All we have to do is will it towards the other person, and they'll feel it, unless they're blocking it in which case we get a 'do not disturb' signal. It's really cool though.

She thought of something though. Called it 'assimilation'. Wondered if it was possible. We tried it a while ago.

She changed the protocols of how we receive each other's thoughts. With my permission of course. Made it direct, and instantaneous. Immediate. Then did the same with our sensory input. Even touch. It was confusing at first. I had to do breathing exercises to keep from panicking. She did too.

Our breath was in sync, and so were our heartbeats. I started to get used to it, to being able to feel her. Wrong way of saying it. It's hard to describe. But we calmed down, and I started to forget which thoughts were mine. And which body was too. It was strange, like I became her, but I was still me, and we were the same thing but distinct all at the same time. Then I kissed her.

I kissed myself?

She kissed her?

We kissed each other.

It probably makes the most sense to say I kissed her. It was my body that kissed hers, but it was both of us. Both of our thoughts. I felt my own lips on hers, through hers. She tasted like mint, I tasted like apples. But I keep making it distinct. Making us distinct. That's not what it was.

We touched our breast, with the long ringed fingers, and hands of our other half. It was warm and soft, and full in our hand. We had goosebumps everywhere.

Our hands began lifted both of our shirts over our heads, and unclasped the lace bra on our fem self. Those long ringed fingers circled our nipples, and they rose to our touch.

She had never felt erect before, and she marveled at the pressure and how exposed it felt.

I had never felt wet before, and I marveled at the heat, and the depth of it.

We kissed again, and ran our hands all over our bodies, feeling both sides of every sensation, responding to ourselves and finding just the right places. Ecstasy.

We took our pants off, and our boxers, and our panties, and our rings, and our watches, and our necklaces, and everything. We lay down, in our fem side, and we lay our fingers on our swelling moist heat, and brought our tongue to meet it. 

We danced around that perfect place, slowly raising, shaking, arching, longing, pushing against ourselves, seeking for our soft tongue which stayed just out of reach, teasing. Slowly, but getting quicker.

We shook, and shivered, and pushed, and finally brought our tongue down hard to that swelling heated sweetness. And frantically, the tongue worked, and the de-ringed fingers entered us, and the others gripped our head closer, driving into our heat, moaning, moaning, rising, pushing, faster, faster, stronger, harder, deeper, stronger, we cried out. Peaked, climaxed, plummeted. But not done, far from done.

We gathered us in, we kissed, and stroked, and rose once again. Our fingers started, trembling on our mound, and our mouth accepted our shaft. Deep, we took ourselves, deep. Then we let go, and guided us toward our clit, and rubbed our shaft along it, bringing both ourselves to the beginning.

Then we entered, we felt our inside, and we felt ourselves inside of us. We rode, and drilled, and kissed, and put our fingers in the only holes left wanting. Frantically we flew in and out, up and down until we did not remember that either of us were not ourself. We came, we came, we came. Shaking, screaming, crying, kissing, we came. Hard and frantic and desperate, we reached a height we had never seen before, where we were made of pure energy and ecstasy, and then we came crashing down, shaking.

Our dreams spun and sang like leaves on the wind.

We forgot that we were one person. We spent the weekend reading books, and fucking like rabbits, and eating food delivered to our door until we finally remembered that I was singular. We ran the disconnection protocol, and I feel like I've lost half of myself.

We reconnect whenever we can, but the network strain is to great if we aren't in the same building. Someday they'll expand the servers, and we'll forget once again that I is singular.