 Those eyes, those violet eyes belong to a woman of sorts. She watched from the closet and every night she tried to catch him natural, yet unlike her, he slept with clothes on. She made it as far as the edge of the bed three nights in a row before getting skittish and backing back to the closet. It had been a few day's since the party, that lady he had been with, had came over again a few days prior. She's watched him waste his fertilizer quite a few times to images on his view portal. Every night she made herself get closer and closer, forcing herself to the bed, on the bed. It happened one night he didn't feel like spreading fertilizer all over himself. She allowed her curiosity to take control, finding herself on the bed, straddling with hands and knees over his legs. Looking him over, she caught herself running her small hands across his body. Down the center of his back, over his muscular arms, he rolled on to his back- startled; she lifted off the bed and waited.

His snoring resumed, as did she, running her hands across his chest and abs. She reached his inner thigh and something started poking out of his boxers. The more she rubbed, the more it came out to the point it was staring her in the face. So she sniffed it and looked it over, it was most certainly bigger than she was accustomed. She rubbed it like the rest of his body, every so often, it'd jerk. She rubbed it more, it'd jerk again, rub, rub, rub, jerk and this time started to leak. She was enjoying herself and rubbed it a tad to much. She had both hands wrapped around it and was enjoying herself. The next thing she knows is her face has been sprayed as she pushes it away, wetting his chest. She sits there with one eye winced and darts to the closet. She watches and licks her lips. His sweet, sweet nectar was all over her face.

The next night she got a little braver. Once William was asleep, she snuck out from the closet and once again ran her fingertips from his chest to his inner thighs. She eyeballed his cock real good, as she grabbed it in both hands and slowly massaged. It had throbbed and flexed in her hands. She had gotten a little carried away, speeding up. He moaned and moaned, just as he started to wake up, she was steadying her mouth over the tip; she caught his eyes as he spurted his load. She quickly vanished and missed out his spunk.

Determined, not giving up, she returned over the next few nights for her midnight snack. It was as if it was a game for the playful sprite. One night William didn't come home when she expected. She walked around his whole apartment to no avail.

"Dude, that test today kicked my ass," William stated.

"Yeah well, the beer will help ease the pain, guy!" Zane took a swig.

"At least it's over!" William shouted.

"Yes sir, not soon enough for this Friday either," Davis agreed.

"What are you doing tonight, Will?" Zane asked.

"Goin to bed after this, my cousin Ramona, from far away is coming in town Saturday," William sighed.

"So no hanging out, dude...lame," Davis slammed his mug. "Wait... is she hot?"

"I guess if you like neo-goth chicks..." William said.

William slung his backpack on the couch as he entered his apartment. He thought to himself it was probably best he never tell anyone about those wet dreams he's been having especially his friends. Another thought was that there was no reason to sit here with no television to watch. With a sigh, he slumped to his bedroom taking another glance at his sparsely furnished home. The closet door was wide open as he thought to himself, "Fucking door..." not bothering to close it, he turned on his radio, sat his phone to charge, noticing it is almost three thirty in the morning and laid there. He knew he'd need to meet his cousin sometime in the morning but he couldn't bring himself to sleep. He lay motionless for a moment before actually taking his clothes off, as he lay, he rested his eyes. Almost actually dozing off, he felt something lightly touch him near his crotch. He swatted and scratched till it returned moments later. Soon he was relaxed; he opened his eyes to see a mysterious woman- licking his cock.

This petite woman with porcelain skin, frost blue lips nibbles on him. He thought it was a dream; she had wings standing straight up from her back. Something the likes a fly or some type of wasp. She looked up at him with violet eyes. Her silky black hair was in braids that were braided in to one larger braid off to her side. She looked at him as he looked at her, frozen at the sight of his consciousness. He sat up slightly for a closer look and she backed away.

"Wait, is this a dream?" William whispered.

She looked at him, head cocked.

"Is it? I mean, are you real?"

"Yes, I am real," she glared.

"And you speak english..." William thought aloud.

"We taught you humans how to speak and write, millenia ago." She said.

"You're not human, what are you?" William asked.

"A faery, am I not a pretty one at that?" She buzzed her wings for a floating spin.

"Those aren't faery wings, but you are very pretty," he stared.

"These are so faery wings, I'm a scout. I don't need big beautiful butterfly wings, she glared once more. "Tell me your name."

"My name is William, but everybody calls me Will. You can sit with me if you want, I'm not going to hurt some chick who gives me head. Have you been doing that?"He wondered.

"Yes, it's great and I was curious to what it was like," she sat down. "My name is Marlo."

"You don't have oral sex in faeryland?" He asked.

"Mating is only for procreation and it last long enough to get the sperm to the egg," Marlo answered.

"So...you've never had a guy go down on you before?" He asked.

"I don't understand," Marlo said.

"Here, let me show you," he scooted and sat on his knees in front of her, lifting her dress up. "No underwear?"

"No need for it, what are you doing to me, stop!" She was trying to get away.

He had a firm grip on her legs and kissed her inner thigh down to her labia. Slowly working his tongue in, he knew he had her when she stopped struggling to get away. There was no more fear- only joy. Her legs tensed, relaxed, stretched, her toes curled. Throwing her arms across the bed, she discharged and shattered his bedside lamp.

"Oops, sorry about that," she panted.

"Wow. That good huh?" He looked up.

She forced his head back down, "Again!"

William, went back down and Marlo locked her legs around his neck, his tongue lapping away at her clit. She wouldn't let go, he rose up on his knees and tried to pull his head out. He sat up, dragging her with him- she only tightened, forcing his face deeper. She was fairly light. He heard the buzzing of her wings as she got lighter, moments later, she lifted and forced him backward with a gust of wind. Pushed him over on his back, where she sat on his face with legs still locked. He wanted to roll her over, yet figured her wings would've probably broken very easily. She had to have came multiple times, her creamy white juices flowed.

"What else is there?" Marlo released him.

"Well...I've always wanted to try something..." William hesitated.

"Do it, whatever it is. Just do it, this is exciting," Marlo grinned.

So, he flipped her over on her stomach, "Do not trap me in those thighs again, please." As she laid there, he stared at her plump looking butt for a minute before taking a breath and diving head first. Lightly running his tongue across the surface of her tight little hole, she clenched up he didn't stop. At first it tickled her, eventually her giggles slowly turned to moans as he started to push further. Then he stopped.

"What happened?" Marlo asked.

"I'm sorry, can you take off this dress?" He asked.

"Sure, is it better that way?" Marlo sat up.

"Yes, much better, you'll see," he smiled.

She stood on the bed and released the buttons on the side of her dress and slowly eased it off. As she stood her stomach was eye level as he sat cross-legged, once it was to her feet he noticed how toned she actually was. Her small breast, just as perky. He kissed her stomach and traced the line of her abs with his lips. He turned her around, spreading her cheeks open, finished the job. Her face pressed against the wall as he licked away. His tongue deeper again, her juices ran down her legs and dripped on his pillows.

Her skin, smooth as silk, her wings even softer, he ran his hands up and down her back before pulling her down. They looked eye to eye as he ran his lips across her stomach to her breast. She moaned slightly as his tongue traced each areola, before squeezing each nipple with his lips. He saw pleasure in her eyes, scooting up just a tad more- he kissed her. She must have known what that was because she had given him tongue and sucked his lower lip. He carried the kisses to her neck. From her neck, he kissed her to the cleavage and gently tugged and sucked on her nipples.

"This...is...human...sex?" Marlo moaned.

"The passionate kind," he replied, nipple in teeth.

He continued to suck and slipped a finger in her vagina, slowly rubbing. Her head tilted back as he worked up a slow orgasm.

"So, you've sucked it. Do you want it in you?" William asked.

"It's a lot bigger than what the males have, I don't know," She stated.

"Marlo, we've went this far. You can start on top and work it in." He said.

"Okay, lay down," she said sitting up.

She straddled over him and ever so cautiously sat on it. Such a tight fit, so wet, he nearly slipped right in. She forced herself to take him and nearly bottomed out. She moaned and gasped, breathing hard, sitting all the way down. She was so small, William thought he might just cum from the process of insertion. She sat for a moment to relax. He sat up to hold her and she ended up sliding up and down a few times to reposition her legs. Her eyes wide from how it felt.

"You're warm. Your skin..." she started as she rested her head in the nook of his neck.

"I told you, no clothes were best. Take it slow okay?" He replied.

She reached under his arms and held his shoulders, slowly easing up and down. Little by little going further and further, fighting the pain. His breathing shallowed. She lifted herself just about all the way up and her hands slipped on his sweaty shoulders and she came crashing down with a sound much like a gut punch. He placed a hand across her back and the other under her butt and slowly lifted her up and down. He was so big he rubbed her clit back and forth. Her breathing shallowed, she held him tight, clenching her teeth. She locked her legs again and whispered for faster.

"The pain feels so good. I'm surprised you can last this long," Marlo said.

"It's only been like ten minutes," he replied grabbing both cheeks and spreading them as he held tight. With his thumbs over her thighs, he sped up some. Her head went back as she climaxed quickly. She screamed and moaned and gushed. He stood up and pinned her against the closet door, though not any faster, he was hitting her harder. She dug her nails in his back as he scraped her against the door. She winced as one of her wings caught a nail on the door. He felt her breast smashed against his chest and he was ready to go. Pulling back and laying her on the bed, getting one more orgasm out of her, holding back as long as he could, he pulled out her gaping hole as she exploded with all her backed up cream. She took his cock in both hands and furiously jerked him off as he too exploded on her face and in her mouth. They laid together on the bed.

"That was great. Our guys have a lot to learn. I'm so exhausted," Marlo said.

"Yeah, me too," William panted.

"I'm going to how you say 'crash' here. I don't think I can make it home," She moaned.

The next day William was rushing out of the house, to his car and down the road.

"You're late, Will!" Ramona yelled as he met her in the hostels parking lot.

"Sorry about that. I had one helluva night. You wouldn't believe," William said.

"I don't want to even know. I'm hungry, you're buying lunch," Ramona replied.

"Okay, I know this nice place, c'mon," William said.

"I'll follow you on my bike, I learned from last time. I got my Stratoglide," Ramona said.

"So, you staying at the hostel?" William asked.

"Just for last night. I'm crashing at your place, that's free," Ramona, kick started her Sratoglide eight fifty.

A long day with her and his buds, hitting clubs and running around town, Ramona was laid out on the floor with some guy with a couch cushion pallet. He slumped to his bedroom to see the closet door standing wide open. A grin crept across his face. With a snap of her finger, the bedroom door shut.