 She dropped her clothes and grasped at my arm, spilling my clothes as she pulled me to the bed. She rolled back onto it, pulling me with her. I reached and pulled us together, tilting my head to kiss her as she drew close.

The kiss was frantic at first then slowed to the passionate languorous explorations whist my hand caressed her neck and played with her ear. She released me with a gasp, snuggling into me and pulling my hand to her breast.

While she was grateful for her connection back to the human race, I was enjoying her firm, youthful breasts, my fingers quickly bringing her erect. I turned and lay across her, taking the nipple with my lips while my hand sought the other. I fluttered my tongue over the tip of it as I sucked firmly, my lips feeling the areole stretch and swell as she moaned in delight.

I swapped one for the other several times before she wanted me to fuck her, her hips grinding my side and her breath in short pants. Instead, I scrambled down her, opening her legs as I bent my head in. I sucked on her protruding flaps as I pulled her by the hips to the edge of the bed.

I knelt before her. She propped on her elbows watching me as I dipped my tongue between her lips, stroking it up and down as I lapped at her juices. She was the sweetest I'd tasted and I played my tongue in her hole, seeking more.

She wriggled her hips and collapsed back with a groan. I licked and stroked till she trembled and shivered with a precursor, then I went in for the nub. She orgasmed within the minute as I licked and caressed her clit, her hips bucking as I clung to them, continuing the stimulation.

Her scream made me glad the walls were sound proofed. As she calmed I slipped two fingers inside her and started finger fucking her as my tongue worked at her clit again. In less than a minute she was screaming again and was begging me to fuck her with my tool.

I stood between her legs and rubbed my cock over her pussy to coat it, then pointed it and pushed my head in. She gasped as it entered and I gently eased it in for full penetration. Pulling her legs up over my shoulders, I began to rock, long gentle strokes as her heels pressed against my head.

She was soon begging me to go faster between the rhythmic grunts as I stretched her fully. I did my best, bringing her to her next orgasm. With her clenched muscles sending waves of pleasure through me as well, I pumped harder as she relaxed back again, the breath still hissing through her teeth. 

I felt her third coming as I came, pumping slower strokes with the jerk of my eruptions as the muscles clamped down again, giving me a second peak. I clung to her legs till my own legs stopped trembling while she squeezed my head. As she recovered she let her legs fall, letting me lay on top of her, my hand cupping a breast and softly kneading it.

As I lay, I heard her heart slow down. She was rubbing a hand through my space crew stubble hair, her other hand covering mine on her breast. I lay enveloped in the afterglow, sated and relaxed, bonding to the body beneath me through the sexual relief it had shared with me.

She stirred under me, pushing me back so she could sit up.

"I'm hungry. What's the best that monstrosity in the kitchen can concoct?"

"There's a nice Swigerly if you like fish and the Rhan tuber can be cooked like steak--"

"Come and show me," she cut in, standing and edging me back.

I swapped out the module and put V2 in, bringing up the Rhan steak and fried chipsticks and sweet calypso beans. I selected a splash of onion gravy to complete the meal. 

As we waited for it she looked at me. "Choi, tell me about yourself."

I told her of my upbringing inside a spinning asteroid, complete with an artificial sun and a positive horizon. How the lottery had seen me an émigré, fate dictating that I was amongst the excess population. My parents had had their one guaranteed male child and my ticket was a goodbye.

My schooling provided the opportunity to get me into the space academy back on Earth. I graduated in the top ten of my year and got signed on to be a pilot and the training. My tale lasted through the dinner. As I stood from the wall I leant against I turned to her.

"Two years later I'm sitting here with you. My glorious career over before it's begun," I said with a half serious sigh.

"Well," she replied. "If we ever get anywhere I'll be past nineteen and have to settle down, find someone nice to marry and make a family while he climbs the career ladder. Up till now I've been a queen bee. This was my last 'party party' year."

She sighed, the corners of her mouth curling down a degree or two.

"I had six months left," she complained. "Six months and I was chasing my Mr. Right, My Lord Willikins. His father's status was equal to mine, I got on with him, same sense of humour and things," she went on then finished with another sigh.

"Both our lives blighted," was all I could think to reply.

If we ever got back to civilisation I knew that theses months of isolation would change us all in a profound way. This was a life change in the extreme. I intended to fill my time with writing, I wondered what sort of pastime Bren might pursue.

The thoughts flashed past and I saw Bren looking at me.

"Sorry, lost in thought for a moment," I said, "Shall we go back up?" 

She came and linked her arm to mine.

"Wait!" I said, delinking and turning to one of the cupboards where the towels were kept and retrieving a fresh uniform.

Bren went and lied back against the headboard, watching as I stripped my old uniform from me.

"Stay like that," she asked as I bent for my clean clothes. "You can take mine off as well if you want. I've got six months of immunity to babies left, as well. I'm glad you decided to start now while there's time."

I stripped off my medivest as well, knowing the missing data would upset the data flow and rate a comment from Beth later, a double entendre no doubt

She arched her back as I leant over her and I eased her shorts down, her pubes dancing as she wiggled her hips to help. She sank back and let me pull them off as she raised her legs in the air. As her legs came down she sat up, reaching to grasp me and pull me to her.

I let myself fall across her, my hips on her thighs, my hand to her neck as I drew us together to kiss. I wanted to kindle love between us as well as lust.

As our lips met she probed forward with her tongue. I slipped mine under and sucked, stroking it's underside while her lips massaged mine. I curled my arm down behind her back as she cupped my cheeks, and eased the other behind her, letting my ass slip onto the bed as well.

My loins were stirring, the sexual charge building between us stirring my cock into rigidity. I felt her nipples brush across me as she half rolled on top of me, her thighs trapping my cock and pressing the shaft along her mound.

She wriggled again, opening her legs so that she could press it into her lips. As she finished the kiss and pushed herself up, I slid my hands to the fastenings on the front of her top. She reached and did it herself as she straightened and rose to her knees.

Her naked breasts fell free and were then pushed proud as she shrugged the cloth over her shoulders, jiggling as each arm slid down. She put her hands to my ribs and rocked her pelvis, stroking her pussy down my cock. 

I leant up and reached to take a breast in each hand, cupping them and massaging them. As I looked back up at her she blew me a pouted kiss then closed her eyes and rocked a bit faster. Then she paused, shifting her knees and positioning my head at her clit.

Her rocking now was teasing my head, drawing it onto her clit slowly before plunging back down. That it was bringing her off was in no doubt; her little 'Ah's' and the jerkiness of her hips had me waiting for the scream.

I was rolling her nipples when her back arched and pulled them from me, her 'Ah...' and then a loudly screamed 'Yes...' equalling her last. Her cum was trickling down over my balls and running into my navel. 

She let herself fall forward, still pressing against my cock, till she lay panting on top of me. I put my hand on her head, running my fingers into her hair and teasing it out. She murmured something I didn't catch and kissed me, adding a lick for luck after.

As she recovered she drew herself up off my cock then found my head with her pussy, sliding down on it inch by inch as she eased herself back down. I watched her breasts sway as she pushed herself erect again with a smile on her face that spoke volumes.

She began again slowly, feeling its length as she bounced lightly on her knees. I watched her, looking me in the eyes as she upped the tempo, her breasts jiggling as she smacked her pussy against me. I just closed my eyes, put my hands over hers and enjoyed her enjoying me.

I knew from experience that a second fuck in a couple of hours took me longer to get off. She was still flushed from her first and well on her way to a second. She was grunting now as she 'bottomed' and I could feel the little shivers in her knees pressed against me.

She came with her scream, her orgasm rippling through my cock giving me a small share of the waves sending shudders through her. Her fingers bit into my sides as she arced back, her weight pressing me deep into her as she sat on my groin.

I watched as she contorted, the sheen of perspiration making her shine, then her hands pressed against me again as she looked back at me. She leant forward slightly and I moved to take her breasts, holding her nipples in the V of thumb and fingers and gently rotated them.

Her smile was part pleasure, part glee and a hundred percent lust as she started to fuck me again. Within seconds she was riding it hard, her eyes closed, her mouth open and emitting a guttural, throaty grunt as she drove it up inside her.

She was stirring my juices, too, the friction of her frantic pace sending surges of pleasure to my tingling balls, building in my groin as my body gave its first shudder. My hands clamped her wrists as I came, delivering my load deep inside her, my hips rising and pushing against hers. 

She gently lay forward, curling her feet under my legs as she held me inside her still, resting her head on my chest and raising her hand to my cheek. I turned and kissed it, licking her palm as I put a hand on her head.

When my cock plopped out she groaned and climbed further up me to rest her head next to mine with one arm circling under my neck. I let my arm enclose her as I kissed the back of her head.

"Happy?" I asked her.

"Hmmm."

I gave her a squeeze and let my body relax back into the post sexual glow.

She woke me. Rolling to my side, as I opened my eyes to look, her lips took mine, her arm around my shoulder pulling me in tight as she rolled our lips together, then her tongue snaked through and she ran it over my teeth before plunging it in. 

Our kiss lasted minutes before she released me and rolled to her back.

She was leaning toward me, her hand suddenly creeping across my thigh.

I felt my cock twitch as she ran her finger along underneath it then her head was bending as she twisted round and stuck her tongue out to lick it.

I just let her do it, savouring the feel of her tongue as she burrowed under my foreskin and followed with her lips. She let it grow into her mouth, licking the shaft as it edged through her lips. 

I gave an involuntary shiver as she pressed on it, swallowing it down deep into her throat, her hands curling down into my widening crotch and softly caressing my sac. She let it come out slowly; licking and sucking my purple head before grasping it again and shifting so she straddled me.

My arms circled her thighs, pulling her down till my lips could touch her pussy, my tongue probing for her velvet cavern. I felt her wiggle her hips above me as she settled, her juices coating my tongue as it pushed inside.

She sucked and licked my head all the while giving little bursts of strokes to my shaft. I continued to wash my tongue up and around, moving up and down her silky folds, my chin pressed to her mound. When the first shudder took her I sucked her lips into mine and fluttered my tongue across them. 

As she jerked, I bent my head and sought out her clit, pressing hard against it with the tip of my tongue. Her legs tightened on my head as her hand squeezed my cock, her breathing short and ragged. Then she screamed again as her warm cum flowed into and over my mouth.

I lapped at her hole, licking and clearing the sticky stream as her undulations subsided and she took up my cock again. She pushed her head down onto it, letting it fill her. I could feel the hot snorts of air from her nose as she jiggled my shaft and twisted her head.

My tongue sought out her clit again as my lips pushed in to suck on it. My head forced her legs apart as my teeth nibbled on the intruding tip. I gripped tight as her hips gyrated, and her head jerked up, freeing my cock again.

She came again, more with sobs than screams this time as the aroma of her fresh cum assailed my senses. Her bucking hips jerked free of me and she pushed herself forward, pinning me down as she lay along me.

I could feel her hand softly stroking me, her knees under my arms and her head resting on my thigh. I was content just to lie with her, letting her play with my cock for want of anything else to do.

I heard her sigh heavily and she began to stir, pulling her legs up from under me. She turned round and came to lie at my side again, her head resting snuggled into my shoulder, and her leg folded across my abdomen.

"Choi," she said softly. "I'm scared. Will I grow old and die out here?"

The honest answer was a qualified yes. If the star we were tracking was a bust then our planetary EM radio was going to travel for thirty years before getting to the nearest inhabited system. Even then it would be a weak signal. 

"No," I answered. "We'll be three hour tabloid stars when we get home and then it'll be a tale to tell our children and grandchildren."

"Mm," she murmured, reassured. "Notoriety of the kind my papa can't object to. He'll be standing with his hands behind his back and mama will be a half step behind."

She pushed herself up and leant over to kiss me, passionate yet subdued.

"Let's get some coffee," she said, rolling back off me and to the side of the bed.

We dressed quickly, me in just my medivest while she still wore her only panties, and walked to the galley. Brendigan dialled up a pot of coffee while I asked Beth for a quick update.

Not that knowing was going to help this far out but all information was valuable and I could only hope.

Brendigan came over with the drinks, putting both cups on the little table.

"What did Beth say?" she asked.

"Not much more than we already know. Do you have another name? Calling you Brendigan is a bit of a mouthful."

"My nickname is Diggie," she giggled.

I could see the connection back, but it was a loose one.

"Okay, Diggie, there's a slim chance that the star we're chasing might have the lithium we need. I don't hold out much hope at the moment; we're still days till we get a better picture," I explained. "It looks like a one in a thousand long shot to my mind."

"But that teensiest chance might happen?"

"It might but don't hold your breath," I answered, lazily stretching out on the armchair, letting my cock flop over as my feet stroked the carpet.

I was taking a pessimistic view of that side of our situation. Even if we found lithium we would be weeks if not months refining it and growing a large enough crystal.

"What sort of cargo are you carrying? Anything useful?"

"I don't know to be honest. The capsule you were in had five other hyber units along with you. Best leave them alone 'cause I'd have to get Beth to use her override," I started.

"The other two pods are carrying equipment for some university; I don't know what's in them. Given the circumstances we could unseal those and see what they contain. The fourth has my little orbital, an eletrograv ship that'll take us down if we find a planet, and some other scouting gear."

"Shall we find out now?" she said, standing.

"Why not, we've got nothing better to do."

"Oh, I wouldn't say that," she said with a giggle.

I put shorts on and she her panties and top. I watched her breasts jiggle under it as she stood ready. A few seconds later and we were riding the disc down to the cargo level. I consulted Beth and walked into the transverse umbilical and up to the open door with its circular sideways view. There were racks of boxes staked to the roof and held in with webbing.

I grabbed the edge of the door and hopped over the rim. Diggie gave a shriek as I nearly lost my grip. The gravity in here was turned off and I was flailing out with Diggie reaching franticly for me. I quickly steadied myself.

"I'm okay now. Stay where you are," I told her and gave myself a gentle push to the side, aiming for the table and chair by the end of the first rack with the box of files netted to it.

I bounced gracefully to a stop and held steady, grabbing it and freeing the net from the table, then pushing off and towing it back to the door.

"Catch, Diggie!" I shouted as I twisted my body to flick it through the door first.

She caught it and hauled us back through to the gravity side, rushing to help as I tumbled to the ground still clutching the net.

"You could have killed yourself," she scolded me.

"I'm a spaceman, I'm use to it. Trust me, I don't want to die."

She knelt and set it down, bending over it to untangle it from the net. It was a box of files, each proclaiming on the cover 'Chemical Lab' in some prominence. We had the complete inventory in our hands. No doubt the other container would have its own 'box' as well.

A quick trip up the other link and we had our answer. This one was a biology lab, or more specifically a botany one, with hundreds of food seeds in their own 'hibernating' chamber.

There was some potential in the chem lab, it could make the task of making a new crystal easier. The agricultural one would serve if we found somewhere to settle, which was another remote possibility. After our brief examination of the documents we carried them back up to the rec room where my first thought was more coffee.

"Do you want a coffee or something?" I asked as I set my box down on a table.

"Nah, not yet," she replied.

When I got back she was idly flipping through the folders from the chem lab. I flopped down in my chair and let out a sigh. I had been hoping to find something of real use in the pods and was wallowing in the futility of our search.

I watched her as she scanned the folders, sitting there cross-legged with just her panties and top on.

"Looking for anything special?" I asked morosely.

"No, not really.... What's the matter with you?"

"Oh, nothing. It's been a tiring day so far."

"Do you want to go to bed?"

"No, I was thinking of checking in with Beth."

"Wouldn't she tell you if anything came up?"

"Yes, but I've nothing better to do. It's only early evening ship time, far too early to think of sleep."

"I wasn't thinking of sleep," she replied with a giggle.

Her laugh broke my mood a little. "Sorry, I'm still churning my mind in case there's something I've overlooked."

"Which reminds me. I doubt if you've got any clothes my size, do you have somewhere I can wash the ones I'm wearing?"

"Yes, there's a Fresher up in the cabin. It takes about half an hour to cycle."

She softly threw the file she was reading on the table and uncrossed her legs, stood up and stretched her limbs with a feline grace, then stripped off her top and tossed it to me. Hooking her thumbs in her panties, she took them off and took the short step around the low table between us.
