 The shower was barely big enough for the two of us, squeezing us together as I took the shower head from its holder and flipped open the shower gel, wetting her before dribbling it over her shoulders.

I cut the water and began to massage the gel in, making her turn round for me to do her back first. Her skin felt slick and smooth under my hands as she leant hands against the wall to brace herself. As I worked my way down her back, her moans and sighs of appreciation encouraged me as my fingers kneaded her muscles.

I squatted as I came to the back of her thighs, my hand resting on her hip to keep my balance.

"Make sure I'm nice and clean down there," she instructed me, opening her legs wide and bending her knees slightly to thrust her firm globes almost into my face.

I paused and squirted another smidgen of gel onto my fingers, smoothing it over her bum and into the valley of her arse, working it in well around her rosebud. She squealed and shivered in delight as my fingers brushed over the slippery skin with my finger pressing down into the wrinkly, sensitive folds.

I gave her a few moments pleasure and let my finger slip further forward and into the folds of her pussy, eliciting a shiver from her as her legs squeezed on my hand. I carried on down, swapping hands as I reached her foot and using more gel to repeat the process on her other leg.

As I finished the foot and rose she swivelled round, almost throwing me off balance as my hand slid across her firm abdomen and rested on the other hip.

"Turn back around," I ordered her. "I haven't rinsed you off yet."

"Do it later. You've got my front to do now," she said in her giggle voice.

I shrugged and applied more gel to her shoulders, silently wishing we were finished and on our way to bed and fucking the night away.

I started again on her shoulders and quickly let my hands find her firm breasts, her hard, erect nipples bouncing off my fingers as I brushed over them, flattening her yielding mounds with gentle pressure.

She pushed against me, my cock rubbing against her taut tummy. Her hand squeezed in between us to grasp it as my thumbs flicked over her rigid teat, her other hand brushing against my balls as she slid it down between her legs.

She had a blissful look on her face as I reluctantly moved my hands lower and onto her ribs. I pushed her a little ways back as I worked my hand around to her sides and lower still onto her hips. Reluctantly she released my throbbing cock as I paused to apply more gel to her pubes.

She spread her legs for me as my hand stroked and caressed between them, my fingers slipping over her silky folds. I saw a look of bliss shaping her soft, angelic face whilst voicing throaty sounds of pleasure, her hands playing with her breasts and nipples.

I leant into her and slipped a hand round her neck, pulling her into me for a kiss while letting the other hand continue its gentle massage of her pussy. Her tongue played frantic games with mine as our lips crushed together.

She slipped her trapped hands from between us and grasped me around the waist, pulling us closer. Bending her head further back as my fingers scrabbled through her hair, her quickened breath brushed across my cheek.

I bent my knees slightly and felt her breasts and the hard points of her nipples slide up my chest and my cock slipping down to nestle in her pubes as my hand slid down the valley, probing for the dimple of her rosebud.

Abruptly she pushed me away.

"Fuck me now," she demanded, her hand snaking down to grab my cock and push its head into her pussy.

I dipped a little further to let it slip inside then gripped her waist as I stood. She wrapped her legs around me and began to bounce, both hands around my neck. I took a half step back till my shoulders touched the wall and matched her gyrations as she franticly fucked me.

She lasted a few minutes and then screamed her way into the shuddering orgasm that sent waves of pleasure through me as the spasms milked my cock. She pulled herself tight to me, her breasts pressed against me as I felt her pounding heart and the hot breath of her panting.

I softened slowly as she recovered, bending my knees so she could stand as she let her legs slip.

"Come on, let's get to bed," she said excitedly.

She released her arms and eased back, letting me slip out. I turned and shut the shower off. She didn't bother drying herself but jumped straight onto the bed and lied down. I climbed on alongside her and she turned to start kissing me.

As we kissed I brought my hands to play with her breasts, holding the sides as my thumbs caressed her nipples. The kiss intensified as her nails dug into my back, her throaty moans vibrating through. My cock was as stiff as ever again as it pressed against her abdomen.

Her hand pushed me to roll me on my back.

"Let's do sixty nine," she said and started to scramble around, sliding her knee over my chest as her hand took hold of my cock.

Her pubes looked redder around the pink flower of her lips as I aimed my tongue at the valley between them. I lapped, broad-tongued, as the taste and aroma filled my senses, quickening my excitement.

Her tongue gave its first lick as it stroked over the head. I felt exalted as the pleasure tingled through me. Life with Diggie was life with a sex addict. Despite my need for release she came first, her back arching as the 'Yes...' burst from her lips.

I stopped while she recovered, her hand giving the occasional squeeze and stroke as she lay panting. She slipped off me, drawing her leg over as she came to her knees.

"Can we do doggy style this time? It's my favourite." she asked.

"Okay," I agreed, turning to get up. 

I held my cock and slid it in slowly, feeling it fill her as she settled on me. I rocked on my knees as I started slow and long, feeling the pleasure ripple out as my need urged me faster. She was squealing and squirming when I came, my jerking hips being enough to tip her over the edge as well.

We both sank to the bed and I held her and rolled her sideways to spoon her. She snuggled back into me as I draped my arm over and cupped her breast. She gave a sad sigh when it plopped out and wriggled to cuddle closer.

I drifted off to sleep thinking that life adrift in the stars had a major plus as compensation. She moaned 'Later' when I woke her after showering. I left her there and went down to check with Beth before having breakfast.

"You really should be wearing your medivest, Choi," she scolded me as I entered the bridge naked.

"Never mind that, what's the latest?"

"There's a strong probability of a small inner planet as yet unobserved. I could show you the findings if you want."

"Good, that's a start. Let's hope there's an asteroid belt as well."

Buoyed up by the news I went back up to the galley and dialled up a good breakfast, sitting at the counter to eat it. My mind was alive with the probable planet. With the dust and gasses of the nebula thinning in the wake of the star, the nearer we got, the happier it made me.

Diggie was still upstairs so I returned to the bridge after I finished my coffee to monitor our progress, and maybe make a start on the novel I wanted to write. 

I was pounding the keys when Diggie walked in. She had on a dress thin enough to show she was braless which caught my eye as she spoke.

"If you're naked I'm not bothering either," she said as she bent and took the hem.

Hauling it up and off she treated me to the sight of her delightful, nude form.

"Beth thinks there's an inner planet," I said, trying to be normal and willing my cock not to rise.

She looked at the screens. "But it's still a big if?"

"Yes, we're still playing a waiting game. We'll be curving into the clear space behind it soon and we'll get a good look then. This ship doubles up as a scout so we're well equipped with 'scopes and things."

"Can't we speed things up?"

"No, we're bound by the laws of physics, we're stuck waiting out the three weeks or so if we're going to stop there."

"Oh, this is all so frustrating, I still can't believe it's happening," she complained.

"Come on," I said. "Let's go upstairs and get you some breakfast."

It took us another four days before Beth was able to definitely conclude that there was a planet and at least some remnants of both the ort cloud and asteroid belt. I'd had her turn the craft to start the braking run for insertion into orbit.

Diggie and I made love regularly and she idled her time away going through my library while I continued to pound on the keyboard, and on the whole, time slipped by quietly as we counted down to the final few days.

Our first stop would be the inner planet, and the excitement was somewhat dampened by Beth's first detailed survey. The planet was a burnt cinder, the surface was mostly basaltic lava with a few outcrops of granite. Any lithium down there was going to be difficult to get at.

I had Beth turn us to the asteroid field. Here there was a strange formation of six large metallic bodies trailing each other and piquing my interest. The asteroidal belt was very sparse, excepting these six, their formation and orbit hinted at intelligence.

Our first sight showed pitted surfaces and irregular shapes, with each of them spinning on their long axes, another sign of intelligent design. The one we were headed for at the tail was probably ten to twelve miles long and three clumps joined together in a very slight V shape, each three/four miles in diameter.

With only a few hours left till we matched orbits we retired to bed to make love.

"Choi," she said. "What's so exciting about the spin?"

I climbed onto the bed to join her. "I don't want to get your hopes up but there's something artificial about them. They should all be random but they're all aligned and that suggests a deliberate hand behind it."

"You mean there are people out here?"

"I doubt its people, at least not humans."

"Aliens?" she said, startled. "But we've never found a trace of them yet."

"Well, I'm betting we will here."

She cuddled up to me. "As long as they're not bug eyed monsters or some slimy creepy crawlers."

She slid her hand to grasp my cock. "Does this mean we have a better chance of getting home?"

"I'm hoping it does," I replied, shifting to bring my hand to her breast.

She let out a soft sigh and rolled to her back. I turned and knelt across her, resting on my elbows as I bent down to kiss her. We made slow, delicious love and took ten minutes quiet time before we got up to monitor the final approach.

"It looks like a peanut," she said.

I could see the similarities. On the end we were homing in on there seemed to be a very small circular structure at its axial point, too small to be the main entrance and besides, there looked to be nowhere to moor the ship.

"Beth, take us around the other end," I ordered.

"Adjusting course," she replied, confirming my request.

It took us a couple of hours till we were staring at a metallic dome twice the diameter of our ship.

"But I've got to go out and look. It might be old enough to have stopped working," I argued.

"But if you get hurt or killed out there what will I do?"

"There's a very small risk of that. I'm a trained spaceman, I've been out and know the risks."

She looked unhappily at me. "Please take care. I want you back in one piece."

"I'll be taking very good care," I assured her. "I like me the way I am as well."

In truth, I was hoping it was inactive. I didn't fancy running into any defensive mechanisms. It hadn't reacted when I had Beth stabilise the ship relative to it, which was a good sign, but I was going down to the surface to look for a way in.

"I'm approaching the dome now," I said, keying the microphone. "It looks to be slatted."

"I can see it on your headcam," she replied. "Be careful now."

I felt my boots make contact and bounce me off. Whatever the metal was, it wasn't magnetic. I turned and gave a little burst of my thrusters, aiming for the rim. Even though Beth had scoped the area I needed to make a physical check to be doubly sure.

It took me an hour to circumnavigate it and prove to myself that there was no hidden entrance. I was exhausted when I finally clambered back aboard. Diggie was there to greet me, hugging and kissing me as she helped strip the space suit off.

"We'll have to go around the other side," I said as I packed the suit away.

"Can't you mine the surface or something?" she asked, standing nude before me.

"As a last resort, yes. But I'm curious as to what's inside. Unless there are propulsion units hidden away inside the dome this looks like an orbital ark. I bet the others are the same. There could be a little world shut away inside it."

"You could come back with exploration teams, do a thorough investigation, then."

"Doing an investigation now will only add a couple of days. Besides, if there is a world in there then they might have it already refined."

I looked up. "Beth, take us around to the other end and stabilise us there."

"Complying," came her disembodied voice.

"Have you got an ETA on that?" I asked.

"About an hour and three quarters," she added.

"Thanks," I replied.

"Are you hungry?" I asked Diggie as I turned back to her.

"No, but I could do with a nice kiss and cuddle," she replied.

"Let me get a cup of coffee first and we'll go to bed."

We took the tube up to the rec and I dialled up coffee for both of us.

"You can take your ship's suit off," she told me as we waited for the coffee to materialise.

I started to undress as she took the coffee and made her way to the lounge, sitting to free it from my feet.

"That's better," she said, handing me my cup.

"If it's refined then we'll get home quicker?" she asked.

"Yes, much quicker. It'll only take days to crystallise it out to its trilithium form. If we have to mine it and refine it ourselves then I could take months."

"So we could have a look at the others if this one's no good."

"Maybe," I said, halfway to taking a sip. "Let's get a look inside this one first."

We finished our coffee and she stood and held out her hand to me. I accompanied her upstairs and into the bedroom. She threw back the sheet and climbed in, holding it up to let me slide in alongside her.

She turned and snuggled to me. I turned and spooned her back, stretching an arm over to cup her breast.

"Can you take wives on ships?" she asked.

"On some of the bigger ships there are married couples, yes. But I think both are in the navy and serving together."

"So no civilians?"

"I don't think so, they all earn their keep."

"You'll have to join our navy then, then I can go everywhere with you."

"Your navy!" I exclaimed.

"Yes, we'll be heroes when we get home and you can be a captain or admiral and I can marry you."

"Marry me!" I spluttered.

"Yes, these three weeks with you have been the best sex I've ever had. I think I love you and I don't want to let you go."

"But you don't know me."

"You're bright and intelligent, you are caring and considerate, you've treated me as an equal. That's perfect enough for me."

"All that in only three weeks?"

She turned and faced me. "All that and more. Now shut up and let's make love."

Her hand slipped down and grabbed my cock, giving it a squeeze as it hardened in the grip of her fingers. I reached for a breast and took the nipple in my finger and thumb, tweaking it as it grew hard. 

She stretched up and kissed me. "How shall we do it this time? Reverse cowgirl is good."

"Any way you want as long as it goes more than halfway," I replied with a smile.

"We'll do it doggy style again," she said, freeing me. "That way you're in charge."

"No, I don't mind. We'll do it your way and if I don't get off with you then you can finish me off with a blow job. Beth will have us in place soon."

She got onto her knees as I lay flat. She held my cock and turned to look at me as she spread her leg over my tummy. She guided it in and slowly settled down, shifting her legs as she came to the hilt. She bounced with her knees as I held her hips, feeling the welcome pleasure flood back into me.

She fucked me harder and harder, using fast but deep strokes to pile on the pleasure and pump up the pressure in the pit of my groin. I felt it coming before my hips jerked and gave out a strangled 'Ah...' as the seed spurted deep in her, the second and third leaving me lying panting on the bed.

I felt her finger on my cock as she stroked and rubbed her clit, franticly pushing herself to her own even as I softened inside her. When she came her jerk with the first shudder let it plop out. It hardly mattered as she writhed with her best orgasm for days.

She lay back, rolling on her heels, repeatedly sobbing my name, "Choi, Choi."

I wrapped my arms around her and felt the slick skin under her breasts. I pulled her up slightly and began sucking and nibbling on her shoulder and neck as she recovered. She rolled over on top of me and squeezed her hands around my neck.

"I'm going to marry you. Whether we make it back or not, you're mine from now on."

"Don't I get a say?" I said half jokingly.

Who wouldn't want to marry a sex goddess with bedroom eyes? I'd never imagined so much good sex existed, three, four times a day from sometimes first in the morning to the last at night. All that and the power of her family and our discovery of the first alien civilisation, an ambitious man could take a big step up.

"What can you say but yes?" she joked back.

"I could say maybe. I could meet an admiral's daughter," I said, pushing the joke further.

"I'm better than any admiral's daughter," she said sharply.

"Choi," Beth interrupted us.

"Yes, Beth."

"We are in position and ready for the visual survey."

"You can start the survey; I'll be along in a minute."

"You think that circles a hatch of some kind?" Diggie asked, rolling free of me.

"I hope so or we might have to tunnel our own way in."

"Well, I want you to take care."

The circle was the only anomaly in the hemispherical scan. It's inside was in deep shadow and even infra red revealed nothing. I went back up for my slipsuit and made my way back to the airlock. Diggie was with me, fussing and checking if my suit was alright.

As the outer door opened I jetted out, watching the asteroid slowly approach as I aimed for the enigmatic circle. My feet anchored me as I grounded on the surface, the puffs of dust curling up to form coriolis spirals.

The circle was a two foot deep bore hole with a metal door plugging it. I jumped in to examine it and found three clamps around its rim. I had to wedge myself against the door to spin the locks open. With the last one free it opened of its own accord.

I backed off as it rose, letting it swing out like a platform. Diggie was urging caution over the airwaves, a clear worry in her voice. I reassured her even as I shone my flashlight in to reveal an inner door, an oval set in the centre with several scripted plaques adorning it and the wall next to the two clamps.

Diggie could see what I could see as I jumped and floated down to it. Wondering if they were instructions or warnings I undid the two clamps and stepped back. The door opened inwards and showed a chamber with another door at the other end.

As I entered the chamber my radio began to fade. I took a step back to hear Diggie shouting, "What's happening?"

"It's okay," I reassured her. "The walls are metal and they're causing a radio blackout. You're going to have to trust me. I'll take a quick look inside and be back out to report."

I ducked back in as her protest started and floated over to the inner door. This one opened out and it struck me that there must be power in this place. I stepped through it with a new sense of wariness. My torch showed a long tunnel that reached beyond its beam.
