 **Author's Note: This is the last part of this story. Sorry it took so long. I hope you enjoy it.

*******

Freya woke up in the same place she was for the past 2 days. She stared up at the canopy as the grey morning light streamed into the room. The undying fire warmed the whole room as if it were in the middle of summer. 

Freya felt hot beneath the bear and wolf skins so she lay there in her chemise letting the light wintry breeze cool her. Her nipples stiffened, puckering through the thin cloth. 

She touched the stone embedded in her collar contemplating her new situation. She heard a stirring on the floor. The dragon had stirred. Freya crawled towards the end of the bed to peer at her prisoner all the while holding the thin silver chain that she kept wrapped around her palm. 

Her head resting on her folded palms, her lustrous hair cascading down her shoulder like a golden waterfall she spied on the sleeping dragon. 

Veles lay curled up on the bear skin rug, his tunic off, marbled muscles gleaming in the sunlight. The princess couldn't help but admire. He was quite peaceful when asleep. Almost non-threatening. 

The iron collar was of the same design as Freya's but seemed much colder. Embedded in the throat was a black stone, as black as a starless night. Pity sparked inside of the princess. 

"Like what you see, Princess?" Veles opened one eye, a cold icy spring that leered at her. Freya shivered. From secret delight or loathing... or both. She rose from the bed, "You seem suspiciously unafraid, Dragon."

"Should I be afraid of a human girl?" Veles mocked.

Freya picked up the shaving blade she kept on the table. She felt better with it around. Veles kept still watching Freya with intensity. The princess lowered herself, straddling the dragon god, her womanhood hot against his maleness. Teasing him with her heat.

Freya pressed the curved black blade against the god's throat, her stormy blue eyes assessing her next move. Veles didn't blink, keeping a cool amusing smile on his handsome face. 

"And what do you plan to do with that, Princess?" Veles mused, his hands resting on Freya's soft firm calves. His thumb lightly brushed her flesh sending a small wave of tingling sensations through Freya's body. 

In an attempt to distract herself from the secret joy of Veles's touch, Freya let the tip of the blade dance along the dragon god's taut muscles that she secretly admired so much. 

Veles himself felt a bit of a thrill as the sharp blade tickled his flesh. One of the few things that could kill him but the possibility of dying at the hands of this beauty sent an erotic thrill through the dragon.

Freya moved slightly back, unlacing his breeches to reveal just above the dragon's hardened manhood. Veles licked his lips, his heart thundered as the blade did a dangerous dance above his cock. Freya felt Veles's cock throb, her own sex trembling with expectation. Danger mixed with lust was intoxicating.

Veles watched a dark idea blossom in Freya's stormy blue eyes. Her beautiful rosy lips curved into an evil smirk. 

The dragon chuckled, "You want to un-man me more, Princess Freya? I'm already your dog on a leash."

"I wonder if a god's cock would grow back if cut off," Freya contemplated aloud. 

"You're thinking of wearing it around your neck?" Veles raised an eyebrow as his hands dared move upward holding firm to her thighs then he arched his back a bit, pushing his pelvis up, pressing his iron-rod harder against Freya's burning sex. "Take it if it pleases you but are you sure you want it around your neck...?"

Freya unconsciously bit her lower lip as Veles's hard member grazed her swollen pearl sending a shock of delight through her muscles. 

She made a small whimpering sound as she and Veles locked eyes. She felt his hands venture further up, her heart racing as his strong firm hands reached under her small apple breasts.

Suddenly in anger Freya tugged hard on the silver leash bringing her and Veles's faces inches apart. Her breasts and erect nipples pressed against the dragon's hard chest. The blade pressed against Veles's pulsating organ. 

"Stop that," she warned as the scent of rain and wet earth filled her nostrils, Veles's natural musk.

Veles's cool blue eyes seemed to burn into Freya's soul. Her cheeks grew hot as her pussy drizzled with unwanted desire. 

"Are you certain you want me to," Veles sensually whispered though he made no further move. They were locked by unseen bonds. Freya fought the urge to bite on Veles's sexy lips. 

After a moment of simmering silence Freya leaned in closer looking as if she were about to act on her initial impulse but then whispered into the dragon's ear, "Yes."

She pulled back, their mouths still in tantalizing proximity.

Veles smiled then whispered, "Pity."

The dragon god pulled back a little reminding Freya to breathe again then he said, "So what does my mistress command?"

Freya reluctantly slid off her pet dragon's lap then said with a domineering air, "Dress me."

***

The sun light filled the room as Veles stood before his new mistress, his eyes intense on hers as he untied her night chemise. His shirt was still off making it hard for Freya to stay focused and in control.

Freya had tied Veles's leash to the bed post. The chain extended then retracted when needed to help Freya dress as her ladies had done when she was growing up. 

Veles kept his touches professional and routine but every brush of his finger tips, every breath on her flesh set Freya's skin aflame with want. 

She tried to hide it but Veles could smell her yearning for him. He said nothing but smiled smugly while humming that familiar tune that made Freya go back to her childhood.

As Veles picked out a forest green gown, Freya asked, "Where did you learn that tune?"

"It's a song from the beginning of time," Veles explained as he placed a clean white shift over her head. "When I was born it was the first sound I heard."

Freya smoothed out the shift as Veles picked up the forest green gown. Her nipples stiffened against the clean fabric as she watched Veles circle around her then felt him place the dress over her head.

"Your mother sing it to you?" Freya asked.

Veles gave a dry chuckle. Freya remembered being told about how the great creator god Rod mated with the celestial cow, Zemun. Rod created the universe and everything in it. He was nature itself. 

"I was born a hideous scaly thing that suckled my cow mother's teat then when I was finished she left me," Veles spoke dryly. "Then father threw me into the underworld telling me it was my domain while my brother... My brother was given domain over the world above. No one sings for a god of the dead."

Veles fit the dress on Freya then came to face her to tie the strings. He averted his gaze as he remembered his lonely existence. Sympathy once more blossomed in Freya's heart. 

"My mother didn't sing me any songs either," Freya said as Veles tied the front strings of her dress. "Every time she looked at me she'd weep. Most of the time she avoided looking at me altogether."

"And your father?"

"He would sometimes bring me Snow Drops," Freya smiled at the memory. "They always cheered me up."

They stood silently for a moment, naked hearts on display. Freya felt uncomfortable with such vulnerability. 

"Was it you?" she asked quietly.

"What was?"

Freya looked Veles straight in his sky blue eyes and asked again, "Was it you in the forest watching me? Did you lead me out of the darkness back home?"

Pieces of Freya's hair fell in front of her face. Without asking permission Veles moved the golden strands behind her ear, brushing his thumb against her noble cheek bone then her ear lobe.

Warmth pickled at the places he touched causing Freya's face to flush with color. The princess was mesmerized by the moment, her primal female desires crying out to be heeded.

Veles inched closer. He leaned down as if to steal a kiss but Freya took hold of his manhood and squeezed it. The dragon god grunted and faltered but recovered enough to give a smug sound. 

"You certainly have quite a grip for a mortal woman," Veles laughed. 

Freya relented but slipped her hand inside Veles's breeches.

"Tell me a secret," Freya commanded softly.

"What would you know?" Veles stared deep into the princess's eyes intently.

"Was it you in those woods?" Freya asked carefully working the dragon's member that grew turgid with each stroke as she would clean a blade. "Were you the one watching me?"

"Why do you ask?" Veles blinked slowly and groaned a bit at the heat of Freya's touch. Freya took hold of the leash and jerked him closer. From a distance it looked as if they were kissing. 

"My father forbid me to go into the forest," said Freya as she tugged a little harder on Veles's manhood. "But because I'm stubborn I would go anyway. I always felt that I was being watched."

"Did you feel hunted?" Veles asked, some expectancy in his voice. 

Freya felt powerful in that moment with the dragon god at her mercy. She whispered into his ear, "No, like someone was watching over me, protecting me like that time when I heard a song, your song leading me out of the darkness back home."

Freya felt Veles's breath in her ear making her joints melt. She worked his engorged flesh a bit faster but Veles kept his hands at his sides. His hands curling and uncurling into fists. 

He nibbled Freya's ear lobe whispering, his voice dripping with desire, "Why is it so important to you, Princess?" 

Freya didn't really understand her need to know the answer either. She released Veles's stiff flesh abruptly causing Veles to growl in disapproval.

"And I thought I was the one skilled in torture, Princess Freya," Veles chuckled dryly. 

Freya felt a wetness between her legs as hot liquid trickled down her thigh. Her heart hammered in her breast. Her head dizzy with lust. 

Suddenly in a clap of thunder and shriek of lightning, an eagle came screaming into the room with a powerful gust of wind. It shot right between Veles and Freya landing on one of the mystery chests. 

"You again?" Freya marveled.

"Brother," Veles spoke bitterly. "I had guessed you had a hand in this."

The eagle leered at them both then in a swirl of feathers the creature turned into a man. Perun.

"Sorry, Brother, but I could not resist," Perun gave a hearty laugh. 

Perun was dressed in armor. Like Veles he was extremely handsome with proud, bold muscles but he had a long dark beard and several braids in his long hair as black as a starless night. His armor glittered with it's own light and his eyes were a sharp silvery gray. 

Perun didn't wait for permission as he poured himself a goblet of wine. He leered at Freya who felt naked despite wearing new clothes. 

"What do you want, Perun?" Veles growled. 

Freya noticed a change in Veles's tone. No longer smooth and seductive but dangerous and bitter. She watched as the dragon's human blue eyes turn into serpent slits.

"Same old Veles," Perun sighed. "Always expecting the worst from me."

"Centuries have taught me to be wary of you, Brother," said Veles as he moved in front of Freya as if to shield her. 

"Honestly?" Perun cocked a dark bushy brow. "I saw how unfairly you were treating your new bride and thought to assist her. Make it even."

"Taking me home wasn't an idea?" Freya spoke bitterly as she moved out from behind her dragon pet to glower at the smug sky god.

Veles smiled a little at his bride's feistiness. Perun frowned, "Humans are so hard to please. They want everything handed to them without any effort on their part."

"You could never take constructive criticism, Oh might sky god," Veles mocked. Freya chuckled despite herself as she watched Perun squeeze the goblet so much it dented. 

"You were always too soft on them, Veles," Perun accused. The a sky god drained his damaged goblet then took a few steps towards Freya who stood unafraid, "But I will say you have fine taste in beauty. I wonder how pretty she looks on her back..."

Freya jutted out her noble chin in disdain for Perun but Veles quickly stood between them, a growl vibrating in his gut making the whole castle shake. 

"Back off," Veles hissed. Freya could see scales beginning to erupt all over Veles's marbled muscles, wings budding from his shoulder blades. His body was getting ready to shift into beastly form.

The two divinities stood glowering at each other, each daring the other to make a move and make this castle a battle ground. But Perun relented. 

"You never were good at sharing, Brother," Perun sniffed. 

"Being given nothing makes one hold fast to what treasure they acquire," Veles's body settled down returning to his handsome self. 

Perun scoffed. He gave one last gut churning look at Freya who stared back with stone cold eyes as he transformed into a large eagle again in a whirlwind of feathers. 

With lightning speed the eagle flew out of the enchanted castle window. The storm passed leaving only sunlight again. 

***

Freya laid in bed staring up at the canopy, laying on top of the bear and wolf skins in her loose chemise. Her hand wandered to her collar. 

Veles sat at the end of the bed staring at her with a smile. Freya frowned, "What?"

"How long are we going to continue this little dance of yours?"

Freya shrugged casually as if not understanding what the dragon meant.

"So we're going to continue being each other's slave?" Veles mused.

"All you have to do is take this collar off me and take me home," Freya reasoned as she sat up, leaning against the bed frame playing with the chain. "Then perhaps I'll release you."

Veles smiled as he watched her play with the silver chain as she smiled like a cat that had caught the mouse and was toying with it now. 

"One flaw in your plan, Princess," Veles smirked.

Freya cocked an eyebrow now amused. She was becoming less frustrated with Veles's smugness. 

"That would imply that I want you to take off this collar," Veles rested his chin on his hands, his perfect muscled shoulders and biceps glowing in the fire light behind him. 

"You like being on a leash?" Freya scoffed. "No man likes to be a slave especially to a woman." 

"Depends on the woman," Veles shrugged his broad shoulders. 

Freya tugged on the chain commanding Veles to crawl towards her. The dragon did as he was bid, crawling towards his mistress like a dog crawling towards it's master. 

Freya moved then commanded, "Lie on your back."

Veles did so, his arms outstretched, his eyes calm. Freya could feel her nipples hardening. Her pussy dampening as she hovered over top of her dragon lord. Her golden hair enveloped them both as she stared down at him intensely. 

Freya then moved backwards, letting the chain rest on Veles's chest. Freya could see the hungry bulge in the dragon god's breeches.

"So you prefer a woman on top?" Freya asked curiously. "A woman in a dominant position?"

Freya tugged on the strings of Veles's breeches. He sighed softly as Freya then rubbed him through his breeches.

"Why not?" Veles grinned.

Freya's curiosity got the better of her as she pulled down the dragon's pants to reveal his pink half sturdy member. She gasped a little. It had a massive girth that made Freya's thighs quiver, her womanhood spasm. Would it hurt that have that large thing inside her?

With a warrior's courage Freya locked eyes with Veles as she took hold of his hardened manhood. Her soft hand holding his swelling cock she felt it's pulse race. She felt it twitch and grow rigid in her hand as she lightly rubbed it. She had never touched a man's cock let alone seen one. 

It felt powerful just as Freya imagined Veles did when he touched her in her womanly center. She wouldn't say it out loud but she liked the feel of Veles's cock, the way it hardened at her touch. 

A groan rumbled in the back of Veles's throat as Freya stroked the massive member. The power one felt from making one moan in pleasure was a bit intoxicating. 

"I wonder...," Freya spoke aloud. She couldn't explain her dirty desires for this beast. Something primal inside her was taking control. A raw passion that made her want to swallow the dragon god whole.

Veles watched with growing lust as Freya lightly kissed the mushroom head. He tasted salty. Did all men taste like that? Emboldened by Veles's soft groans Freya wrapped her pink lips around the head, giving it a slight flick of her tongue that made Veles shudder and groan with delight. 

The princess didn't take his whole self into her mouth but tortured him slowly as he tortured her the first day he had her trapped in his lair. 

Most of her technique was purely instinct. Veles didn't mind. He found her curious probing erotic. He made sure to be vocal on how well the princess was doing. 

Every few moments she would take more in, sucking hard on her way back. Once Freya even lightly dragged her teeth along his sinewy staff. 

This made Veles shiver with delight. Freya was letting him know that she could bite him at any time but chose not to. Then with rapid circular motions, she explored the entire length of his shaft with her tongue. 

Veles watched Freya as she stimulated him with her mouth, his passion for her growing. His breath stopped then became short and ragged. 

He moved her golden hair away to see her beautiful face. Every inch of him craved her. He wanted to draw her up to his mouth and taste himself on her proud soft lips. 

Veles could feel his body approaching the brink, his mind clouded with passion until Freya abruptly stopped.

His voice was like a roar, "Why did you stop?"

Freya looked up defiantly with a smirk. Veles's cock oozed pre-cum while the rest was painfully backed up. 

"Finish it," Veles begged, his body on the brink of release but unable to do so.

"You still haven't answered my question," Freya's chemise slipped revealing her elegant shoulder. Her apple breasts and stiff nipples poking through the fabric. Her lips wet with his pre-cum. She looked so enticing in the fire light. A lustful house cat playing with her prey. 

Veles groaned then laughed. 

"Why is it so important?" he asked. 

"I don't really know...," Freya looked away. She tucked her hair behind both of her ears averting her gaze. Veles smiled. 

"You only do that when you're uncertain of something," Veles said. Freya looked back at him, her stormy blue eyes confused and somewhat frustrated. 

"Yes," he said. "I was the one watching over you in the woods," Veles finally admitted. "I was the one who led you home that day when you got lost."

Freya crawled back on top of Veles. They looked into each other's eyes as if seeing each other naked for the first time. Veles wasn't sure what Freya would do next. He was still throbbing and hard, wanting to shove his dragon cock deep inside her tender virgin flesh. 

Freya leaned in as if she were about to kiss him but instead she pressed her finger to the black stone on Veles's collar. Veles heard a snap. The collar fell off, the chain dissolved. 

The princess rolled off the dragon god lying next to him in silence. Veles suddenly pinned her wrists on the pillows. Freya didn't give much resistance. While one hand had her wrists pinned, Veles used his other to hike up Freya's chemise up over her thighs around her hips.

They looked at each other. Veles's still iron hard rod pressed against Freya's damp feminine petals. Veles's lips lightly brushed hers as he slowly sunk his fleshy blade into her wet sheath.

He groaned softly as he felt her satin virgin heat engulf his cock. Freya shifted making whimpering sounds, the massive girth of the dragon stretching her walls painfully.

The dragon god drew back slowly then speared her again this time deeper. Freya gave a small cry of pain. Veles repeated his motion until Freya's cries of pain soon melted into cries of pleasure as her legs opened wide and her body became more receptive.  
