 The end had come and it was terrifying. We would later discover that a foreign element had been introduced into the water table, and whatever it was had spreading quickly. Large swaths of the population were either dying or dead by the end of the first day. But that wasn't the worst of it; not at all. The real problems began after, when all of the dead began coming back. 

The number of dead was massive in comparison to the survivors, so much so, that when they began rising up we were completely unprepared and outnumbered.

It was all over the news that morning. By the end of the first day four out of every five people had been infected, and by the following day three out of every four were dead. It was an epidemic, and as a city employee, it was clear what my course of action was; I was to make my way to our offices and wait for instructions from city hall. In times of crises all government employees were required to take on the roll of relief workers.

It took me hours to get downtown. There was a heavy rain out, and the streets were littered with cars and the sick trying to get medical attention. I ended up parking several miles away and traveling the rest of the way on foot. When I got to our offices they were practically empty. All of the other employees were either unable, or unwilling to come in. I went over to my work-station to retrieve my emergency relief kit from under my desk, when I heard a rustling in the back cubicle. I looked over to find, Stephanie, deeply involved in organizing her survival kit. I stood there for a few moments waiting for her to acknowledge me, but she was so focused on the tasks at hand that my arrival had gone completely unnoticed. 

She had put her hair up to make sure that it wouldn't get in the way of all of the work that she would be doing. On the surface I understood the severity of our situation, but still, I couldn't help myself. The emotional roller coaster of the past couple of days left me feeling incredibly vulnerable, and in that moment I was susceptible to all forms of stimuli. Just being around her stirred the primal urges within me. My senses devoured every aspect of her being. 

She had on a thick grey overcoat, the kind that people wore for cold walks in autumn. Lying out in front of her, on the floor, were all of her supplies. She was on her hands and knees taking inventory of her stock; inspecting each item to make sure that everything was in working order. Her ass stuck out into the air, wagging itself in my direction, tempting me, and I couldn't help but stare. The tights she was wearing were so form fitting that she might as well have been pants-less. Watching her I made a mental note of how plump her cheeks looked, and how her ass was compact, cute, and sexy all at the same time. The fact that it was tiny made it seem innocent and adorable, but their fullness made me hungry. I wanted them, and I wanted to do things to them. 

After several minutes she finally came to realize that I had been standing there the whole time, gazing intensely at her. "Oh, hello. How's it going?"

I tried my best to sound casual, "as good as it can be. This is all so crazy, isn't it? An epidemic like this in our life-time. It's so surreal, like something out of the middle ages"

She gave me a bit of a smile. "Yeah, it is...I've been keeping myself busy up here for a couple of hours. Just preparing for the call. They're going to need all the able bodies that they can get, and we need to be ready to move. It's good to see you here, I didn't think anyone else was gonna show up."

At hearing this something clicked inside me. She was so positive, even at it's worst she was such a little trooper; a 4'11" Captain America. "I feel like you're in your natural habitat, you're completely in tune with your survival instincts. I was just gonna sit here and poo on myself." 

She laughed, and our eyes caught each other; we maintained eye contact for a couple of seconds longer than I had been prepared for. I was never very good at reading people, but there was something in her look. I could swear that something was going on in her head. 

"It's good that you have a sense of humor about this whole ordeal. we're going to need it." 

Suddenly there was a huge commotion from the outside. The air was filled with the sound of glass breaking and objects crashing to the ground. Panicked screams came out of the crowds that had gathered in front of our office.

We rushed to the window and saw the impossible, the streets were rapidly filling up with reanimated corpses. We stared in disbelief as they wandered aimlessly looking for anything to eat. That's when I saw something that filled me with dread. A massive crowd entering our building. Our work station's being on the third floor meant that we only had a matter of minutes before they got to us. 

"Grab everything and put it into your backpack. NOW!" I took her hand and lead her to the door. Turning the corner I could hear a loud crash and heavy footsteps. They had gotten past the security doors and were making their way up the stairs. I looked at her for a split second before yelling, "COME THIS WAY!" I pulled her along deeper into the back, and kicked open the door to the fire escape.

We exploded into the rain; running as fast as we could down the wet metal steps. I could hear our heavy panting as we tried to make our way down the stairs without slipping or hurting ourselves. When we reached the bottom we proceeded to head out the back alley, but situated at the opening there were dozens more making their way towards us. There was no way we were going to be able to get around them. 

We turned back towards the building, and entered through another gate that led to the office parking lot. It was the only place that we could go. 

The lot was directly next to the main entrance of the building, and fortunately for us the dead were entirely concerned with entering the facility. Even though the parking lot was completely exposed, what this meant was that we would have the luxury of a little bit of space to maneuver ourselves as long as we didn't draw their attention. I peeked my head around the corner, to survey our surroundings. Going into the street was completely out of the question, our only course of action was to make it to the apartment complex next to the parking lot. There was a low wall and beyond that open balconies that belonged to the condominiums next door. 

I took her hands and looked her in the eyes. Her hair was matted and wet from the rain, and her eyes looked big and focused. "Our only chance is to climb on top of one of the cars in the lot to get over the wall and into one of the condo's from the balcony. We have to be quick, and we can't make any loud noises." She shook her head solemnly, and gave me an intense "OK."

I could hear the zombies in the alley getting closer; it was time to move. Still holding her hand, we walked out into the lot and crossed it as discretely as possible. We got to the tallest car that we could find, a city van, and got ready to climb it. We went around the front and got on the hood, so that we could make it to the roof, but the second we set foot on the car, it was like that was the exact moment that the universe saw fit to fuck with us. 

The car alarm began blaring, attracting unwanted attention from all of the dead streaming into the building, they began to make their way over to our van. At the exact same moment the zombies that had been coming down the back alley finally broke through the fence and started flooding into the parking lot as well. We were so fucked. 

"Hurry!" I yelled. Stealth didn't matter anymore. We jumped to the roof of the van and looked at the wall. Although, we were now higher up, the wall still had a few feet on us, and it would require some climbing. We didn't have the time to figure out the most efficient way to do it. "Steph, running start, and we try to catch the ledge of the wall, and climb over."

"OK" she gasped. I don't know if she was scared or not, but she was a complete professional. She knew what needed to be done, and didn't doubt herself for a second. We both made a run and leapt for the wall. 

The impact knocked the wind out of me, but I felt my finger tips gripping the ledge. It hurt so much, but I knew it didn't matter, I needed to pull myself up. I looked to my left, and saw that, Steph was in a similar predicament. She was momentarily stunned, but had recovered much faster than I had. Her feet were struggled frantically to build momentum by running up the wall. Behind us the van was still blaring, but now I could hear the moans and growls of all of the zombies that had surrounded the van as well. I looked down to find a sea of hands coming up beneath me. I began pulling myself up with all my might, but my fingertips were burning so bad, and the rain had made it that much harder. My shoulder blades began to ache, and I could feel myself losing the will to hold. " Maybe it will be quick I thought to myself," as I began to lose hope. Then from the ledge I felt a hand grab my arm. It was Steph, she had made it. 

With her help I was able to get myself up high enough so that I could swing my legs on to the ledge and pull myself up. When I finally got my body up, I laid there for a few seconds. I was breathing hard, and I could feel the tears on my face. Steph, stood there trying to maintain her balance, our space was incredibly limited. "Thank you," I choked out. On one side there was a growing number of zombies and on the other side there was a winding stairwell that we could jump to. It would be an at rest jump of three and a half feet. Steph cautiously watched me, "are you ok?, You look like you're gonna die". I gave a nervous laugh. "Ok, let's do it." 

On the count of three we jumped onto the stairwell, where I collapsed. "I'm sorry, I need a few minutes."

I turned over to look at the wall that I had just been standing on, and I could no longer see all the dead, but I could still hear them from beyond the wall. Steph, put her hand on my shoulder, "let's get going." 

We made it onto the balcony, and from there I slid open the sliding glass doors, and peered in cautiously. It was a nice apartment, and very big. We would be able to stay there momentarily and regain our barrings. Looking around I picked up the first thing that I could use as a weapon, It was a poker from the fire place. Steph, pulled a knife from her pocket. 

"Where did you get that?" I asked. "You know me, I always have these on me; always gotta be prepared." I gave her a small smirk. 

At the end of the room there was an open door that led into a courtyard. From where we were standing we could tell that there were more of them outside. Our top priority was to secure the apartment. We both began tip toeing our way towards the door when we heard a sound in the next room over. It was the former occupants, now transformed. I grabbed her by the arm and pulled her into a near by closet. 

So here we were, in the dark and occupying a very small space together. The doors to the closet were made of a light particle board. Steph took her knife and dug it through the door so that we could have some visibility.

We both watched and waited, and out of the room on the far side of the hall two zombies came out. There was a slight sense of relief. We would be able to handle two of them with relative ease; we just needed to wait for the perfect opportunity. 

In the dark something began to happen. My heart rate was already up from all the excitement, and I had a lot of pent up energy. I wanted something to happen. That's when I realized, Stephanie's ass was now right up against my cock. 

It all began so gradually. I don't know if I was acting consciously or not, but I still felt guilty; like I was taking advantage of the circumstances. But I couldn't control myself; I was incredibly hard, and the tip of my dick would, from time to time, bump up against the crevice of her ass. It all seemed so innocent, like a series of accidental touches. I don't even think she knew that it was my dick. As far as I knew, to her this was just two people, cowering in fear together in the dark.

As the seconds passed, more things about her began to have a greater affect on me. The smell of rain water mixed with her sweat and natural body odor, all began to titillate me. I could feel myself just getting more anxious and aroused. I began bumping her ass with my dick tip more frequently. I pretended to take a look out of the hole that she had carved into the door, just so I could get close to her ear, so that I could breathe in more of her scent. I began blowing into her ear, ever so lightly.

Now my bulge was completely between the curves of her ass cheeks, and I was no longer shy. I kept my penis there, and held it permanently against her. My hips began to undulate back and forth, occasionally making swirls.

Steph, took a deep breath out. "What are you doing?" she whispered. I put my right hand over her mouth, and went up right against her ear. "Quiet. Do you want them to find us?"

She shook her head, no. With that, she bit into my hand; I could feel a sting of pain, she had broken the skin, I could tell there was blood. I thought it was my cue to stop, but then I realized that she had begun moving her hips too; counter clockwise against my motion.

Now we were fully engaged, and grinding against one another, and in my mind the thought of just fucking her in the ass only encouraged me further. I could feel it in my pants, my head was moist from pre-cum.

Before I realized what was going on my left hand had found it's way down the front of her tights. I shimmied my hands past her waist strap. The pressure from her tights felt good against my hand. I dug around in her crotch, exploring her vagina with my sense of touch, imagining all of the different parts of her anatomy that I was feeling and envisioning how they all looked. I took my time to appreciate her; memorizing all of the different details, the texture of her vagina's skin, the temperature emanating from it. I began kissing her neck, which turned into dragging my tongue up and down her nape, and taking small bites. 

Then I found it; my hand had found the smooth, precious, little pearl between her legs; her clitoris. I touched it with the tip of my index finger, and I began to move it in a small semi circle. She gave a small gasp, and then she let out a quiet moan. 

"Quiet!" I hissed. Even as I was telling her to stop, I knew I wasn't helping the situation. I gripped her clit between my middle finger and my thumb, and proceeded to jack it off, like it was a tiny penis. I could feel her entire body trembling against mine. Her mouth began to accumulate with so much saliva that my hand was covered in her drool. I found one specific spot on the side of her neck that I wanted to focus on, so I bit down lightly and began to chew on it. Not enough to break her skin but enough for her to feel it. 

Steph, suddenly turned around and pushed me up against the wall; as I stood there waiting for what would happen next, she put her hands on my pant waist and yanked. My jeans were around my knees and my cock was in her mouth in a matter of seconds, and she was absolutely ferocious with it. Her hand was on my shaft and her teeth gripped the tip ever so gently. In one simultaneous motion she would move her hand and her head back and forth, stroking and sucking me off at the same time. I didn't know what to do, everything was happening so fast, and I was so overwhelmed with pleasure that all I could do was to curl my toes into tiny little knuckles.

She took her mouth off my penis, and began biting the skin on the side of it. She would bite my cock skin pull at it a little and then let it snap back into place. Bite, pull, snap, bite, pull, snap, bite, pull, snap. Over and over she would do this. My ass cheeks tightened, as I wanted my dick to go somewhere; it needed to go into something. I let out a quiet "uhh."

"Put it in your mouth, finish me off." I pleaded with her in whisper. I felt her head nod, yes. The sensation of her hair brushing up and down against my thigh made my balls burn. In a couple of seconds I was back in. It was so wet and warm; the feeling of the back of her throat drove me absolutely wild. I grabbed her head, and part of me wanted to stop her before I came, but there was also a part of me that wanted to push it down even further. 

"Stop, you have to stop...I'm go-going to cum in your mouth if you don't" I whined to her silently. I don't know if she heard me or not, but what I do know is the moment I said that she began sucking and jacking even harder. "Please, Steph...," and then it happened. I lost all control as I just felt myself shooting into her mouth; there was so much of it. I wanted to let out such a moan of relief, but I still had enough wits about me to know what would happen if I did. I just stood there in silence and breathed deep. I took her by the hand and stood her up. "I've wanted to do this with you for the longest time, ever since I first met you, I've wanted to have you," and we kissed in the dark, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. 

There was a huge slam against the door followed by the sound of wood cracking. It started with a sliver of light, and then another slam followed by a crunch, and suddenly our little closet was flooded with light and staring us right in the face was a decomposed corpse, that wanted nothing more than to eat us. I covered Steph with my body, and threw my back against door; barrel rolling out of the closet. When I hit the floor I made sure to roll Steph away from me. If the zombies were going to get one of us my hope was that they'd go for the closer one. Hopefully, she'd be able to get away while they were working on me. 

I was able to knock them both down when I rammed through the door. I was on my back, cock exposed to daylight jeans still around my ankles. My mobility was very limited. As the closest one of them crawled over to me, snapping it's jaws, I swung my legs, and caught it's face in my jeans. I rolled over and twisted, hoping to god that I could get it tangled without suffering a scratch or a bite. Once trapped, I worked frantically to get my jeans off, so that I could stand up and properly defend myself. Standing over the tangled mess I grabbed the nearest chair I could and I drove one of it's legs down into it's head, killing it permanently.

The other one leapt on me knocking me onto my back. It was now completely on top of me and trying to take a bite out of me. I did my best to stay away from it's mouth, pushing it's body away from me, but it had a more advantageous position over me, and I was getting tired. It was getting closer and closer with each bite, and I was getting tired. As it prepared to take it's final bite, a blade suddenly went through the creatures face. Steph, had done it, she killed it. I tossed the corpse off me, and gasped for air, "CLOSE THE DOOR!!" she hopped over the two bodies and quickly and silently shut the door. We did it, we survived without drawing any attention to ourselves. 

We propped ourselves against the door; breathing heavily and drenched in rain water and sweat. She removed her overcoat, to reveal that the low cut t-shirt she was wearing underneath was soaked. The thin material of the shirt clung to her chest emphasizing the perkiness of her tits. They seemed rounder; more shapely, more bouncy. The surface of my skin was cool to the touch, but I could feel a heat deep down inside me. The combination of sex and danger excited me; and I wanted to fuck. 

Having just shot a load and almost died, I needed a few more minutes before I could go again, even though I could feel the tingling in my balls. I caught Stephanie's eyes. She was staring, and I realized what it was she was looking at. Her eyes were locked on my twitching penis. It was like seeing a hungry cat watching a wounded bird. I was immediately self conscious, and it felt as though I had just realized that I wasn't wearing any pants all of a sudden. She noticed my discomfort as I got up. "I should find a pair of pant's..." I started.
