 [Author's note: These two vignettes take place before the the main story of "Kingdom." The first chapter is roughly 12 years before the events of the current tale, the other just a year or so before. The Commissioner requested background so the following two chapters are essentially flashbacks. Enjoy!]

Long Live the King

Light threaded in through the hanging purple curtains of the royal bedroom. It was late afternoon, and the sounds of tired revelry echoed through the castle halls as the exhausted defenders cheered their great victory and mourned their lost dead. A warrior lay draped across the sheets, bandaged and unmoving with her upper body propped by the thick pillows upon which the realm had consecrated a multitude of marriage alliances and conceived dozens of heirs. The Warrior looked unblinkingly at the room around, grey eyes glancing at a place she never thought she'd get to see. Her hair, usually tied into a strict ponytail, splayed itself across her head in a disheveled mess of smoky, trailing follicles.

The King was not in the bed. He had died upon the field, with his men. A hero. Guard-Captain Telris had lost an eye, yet had somehow maintained the mental fortitude to continue the celebrations, the wounded war leader realizing the importance of appearances, of joy and triumph in the midst of such tragedy. Yasu had not the strength to celebrate, nor the will to even if she had. The world was an empty void that the sixteen year old girl wanted to disappear into, to fall into the pit of unconsciousness that she might forget the terrible things she'd seen, that she'd done in the final moments of battle.

The warrior grimaced, her hand limply grasping at her side as she felt the deep friction of her recently-stitched skin rubbing together inside of her. It was a strange feeling, to be stabbed. To feel a part of you cut so deeply that your very insides burned from the loss. It was an apt feeling for the completely different sensation poisoning her heart. "Ahhh!" She groaned, letting out an uncharacteristic cry of pain as she clenched her fist and tried to deal with the torment. Her shirt had been torn open, her body wrapped in bandages and healed by the mystic arts of the court healers. The agony still remained though, like a dull reminder of the Kingdom's own fresh, still bleeding wounds.

The Queen, now Queen-Mother Moiraine, had been the one to find her, ironically, riding out onto the battlefield, leading the very last of the kingdom's reserves herself. She'd borne a battle crown, wearing nothing but her regal attire. How wonderful she'd seemed: like a warrior spirit, or the Goddess of Battle. Sallying forth with the last of her knights, they'd found the piles of corpses stacked five men high, where the fighting had been thickest and where Gabriel himself had fallen, alongside the cream of the kingdom's nobility.

But not Yasu, despite her own sworn oath to defend the King unto death. No, it was his body on the pyre, and hers on the marriage bed. Moiraine had ordered it herself, getting down on hands and knees in the mud and rain to fish the half-conscious bodyguard from her rightful place alongside the rest of the castoffs and useless corpses of the enemy. She should have died there, with her King; with Gabriel. And now here she sat, like a leper being tended to by the angels, wondering why she was even alive and if she had the strength to rip the very dressings that kept her vivisected body together.

She'd nearly lost the arm. That singing axehead had been meant to split Gabriel's skull, but she'd blocked it with her shorter blade, her inferior strength buckling under the savage downward strike of the attacker's swing, bashing aside her hastily lifted sword and cutting deep into her right shoulder blade. It hadn't mattered, though; she should have let him take her head. All that her half-measured protection resulted in was Gabriel charging forth to defend his wounded friend. Yasu's unhealed shoulder twitched in reprimand as she closed her eyes. Hot, fiery tears flowed down her face more freely than they ever had since the gallant fool had brought her himself to these foreign shores. And now he was gone.

But even that awful realization was better than that terrible, crowning moment when Yasu looked up from her place where the King had once slept and saw a small figure, standing in the doorway... Oh Gods. She looked away, out into the vast expanse of the blood-red sundown across the open balcony to her right. How had he been let out? There were supposed to be...he should have been guarded.

"Lady Yasu?" The child's voice called out, a tremulous, soft thing as he padded into the room. His blonde curls, uncut and wild, drifted down his head like a maiden's split. His green eyes were round, his body tiny as the young, modestly dressed lad instinctively clambered up onto the large bed on which his parents slept. He was maybe six. "Hey, Lady Yasu." He said, the boy's normally cheery tone tinged with a heavy seriousness, as if even he were aware of all that had transpired. She let out a low whimper of pain and looked away, unable to bear looking into that face that looked so much like her fallen Lord's.

"Are you okay?" He asked, crawling across the foot of the bed and sitting down a short ways away from her, giving space to the splayed out form of the teenaged warrior's body. She struggled to keep her breathing even, her emotions surging like a wave. "You look hurt."

"No." She said, her tears clear track marks across her face. "No I'm not okay, my K-" She stopped herself. She couldn't bear to give him that title yet. "My Prince." She said, finding it suited better on her tongue. Her body ached, and the sheer emotional high of the battle just won had taken its toll on the normally fiery-tempered warrior. It was as though all the anger and rage within her had drained away, and she was left with nothing but regret and "might-have-beens."

"What happened?" He asked, curious and quiet. He'd always been such a quiet boy. "Mother wouldn't tell me; she couldn't talk. She rushed out of my room."

For good reason. Yasu thought. She'd never seen the Queen so distraught. Once the buxom woman had seen to her child and made sure that Yasu's wounds were no longer life-threatening, she'd fled from the chambers like a criminal taking flight from justice. Yasu knew where she had gone, to grieve in the Church alongside the High Priestess, who had been tasked with preparing the late King's body for the flames. "We won the battle." She said, delivering the news like they had lost. The boy's expression didn't change.

"What about father?" The sharp lad said, too smart for his own good. "Where is he?"

Yasu broke down, her head drooping to her chest as she sniveled out a sob. She clutched the sheets in her hands and pulled them to her face, burying her disgrace and sorrow behind the ghost of the scent of her deceased King, palming her eyelids. She was bleeding again, from the spear point that had been lodged in her stomach and the arrow wounds she'd taken to her chest; it didn't matter to her, nothing mattered anymore. "I- ah-huh!" She wailed, her youthful shoulders hunching as the sheer weight of it all came crashing down upon her like the burden of her shame. She'd failed; she'd failed him. In his darkest hour, when the man she worshipped needed her most, Yasu had collapsed. "I'm so-" She had lived, he had died. And now she had to face his son, and tell him why a man who had everything to live for had saved a girl who had nothing left, anymore. "I'm so sorry, my Prince."

To her eternal surprise, she felt the gentle touch of a hand upon her shoulder. Yasu's grey eyes looked up, startled, as she felt Martin squeeze her aching limb. She grimaced, glad beyond words the unknowing boy had merely touched her less injured left arm. "Thank you, Lady Yasu." He said, his voice solemn as he seemed to process the unspoken words she'd conveyed. "I'm... at least you're still okay."He was so young. But even still she saw shades of Gabriel in him. She opened her left arm, indicating with a painful nod for him to lean into the bend of her shoulder. He did so, turning around and huddling his small frame beneath her armpit, leaning against her body as he put his head against her. Her arm went around his slender shoulder, feeling for the first time the warmth of another human since this whole war had started. They sat together as the Prince and his father's former bodyguard leaned back in the King's bed, both providing solace for the other in this moment of loneliness and loss.

Yasu's pain was doubled by accepting the pressure of the small boy against her side; but she ignored it, bearing it as just another penance for her own inaction. She didn't think the two had shared more than a smattering of words between each other in the few years she'd spent at the castle, yet the boy clutched to her wounded body like she was a beloved Aunt. She felt his sun-colored hair against the bare skin of her bandaged chest. It tickled. "D'you know when Mother's coming back?" He murmured, his voice on the edge of silence.

"I don't know." She said. Yasu had never been good with words of comfort. Gabriel had once joked that she was the bluntest damsel in the entire realm... not even Knight-Captain Telris could match her brusque speech. "Soon, probably."

"I miss her." He said, leaning his head into her. "I miss Father. I miss-" Tears flowed now from his face. Despite her own physical misery, Yasu made herself circle her arm about his shoulders, pulling him tighter against her. She put her chin atop his head and let out a soft coo, rocking her ruined body back and forth as she made an effort to be something she thought she wasn't: a caring human being.

"I do too, my Prince." She said, feeling more tired now than at the conclusion of the battle, where she had lain amongst the dead, fighting for consciousness as she dreamed of sweet oblivion. This was a far harder fight to endure: the kind she could not strike out against, nor defend herself from the blows. Time would pass, and the wounds would heal to scars, but certain injuries would remain, festering on the inside. "I know the Queen will be with you as soon as she can."

"I know." The boy replied, wiping at his face. He sounded so much older than he was, "At least I've got you."The smoky-haired woman's head shook roughly, disturbing her convalescence. "I'm a poor substitute for you, my Prince. I should've... " Yasu let out a sigh, her breath a failing stream of air as she exhaled her own self-loathing; she normally would never have been this honest with someone. Especially one of the blood royal. Perhaps her emotional exhaustion was getting the better of her. "The King was my charge, I should have protected him. Instead I'm sitting here, bleeding on his sheets.""You did the best you could." Martin said, his tiny finger lightly tracing the puncture wounds of the arrows near her chest. Yasu let out a hiss of pain but did nothing to move the child away from her. "You've been hurt bad..." He said, more a statement of empathy than of fact. "Father really liked you, you know. He told me."

Yasu couldn't bear to look down at the boy's searching eyes. "I... " She began, letting the word hang in the air like the thousand things she'd left unsaid. "I know he did." She finally finished, hoping that was enough to convey what those words truly meant. She was glad she'd at least admitted it to someone, even if it was just the Prince. The King had proven that fact in his final moments, shielding his own bodyguard with his body. It was a contradiction in purpose if ever there was one- though not wholly unexpected, if Yasu was being honest with herself. Gabriel had always been valorous to the point of foolishness, How appropriate then, that he met his end protecting his supposed protector.

Yasu jerked in her place when she felt the boy's palm go against her forehead, brushing aside the locks of hair from the teenager's head. He didn't seem to notice her consternation, his face scrunched in concentration. "You don't have a fever." He stated. "You should sleep. Lady Aveline says a 'body heals best when at rest.'" Martin shrugged, his expression speaking more than his tears had done. "I dunno. I don't feel very much like resting, right now."

"Nor I." Yasu replied, even as she felt her eyes drooping. The thought of the lonely lad going back alone to his chambers was more painful than her own injuries. "Stay here with me, would you? I'm..." She thought of a quick lie. "I'm afraid of being alone, in the dark. Would you keep me company tonight, my Prince? Keep the monsters away until your Mother gets back?"

The boy let out a small laugh. "There's no such thing as monsters!" He said, his smile more warm and comforting to Yasu than she cared to admit. He snuggled up against her, the warmth of his body heat providing a ward to the chill that had entered her spine. "I'll stay here, and protect you." He said, hugging her as he shook in her arms. He was trying to pretend that he wasn't still crying. She wished she knew what to say to make him smile again; it was such a wonderful thing to see. They laid there, atop the bed, silent as the dying day turned to the new rise of night. As darkness came Yasu found consciousness begin to leave her. "Thank you, Lady Yasu." Martin murmured, his lip against her side as he whispered at her, half-heard. She idly fancied that he was already asleep as he said it.

"Please," She whispered, her eyes closing as her breathing steadied. A look of contrition and emptiness came across her tired face. "Call me Yasu." Consciousness fled from her.

***

Long Live the Prince

Yasu's fingers grasped the wooden inset of the doorway to her dōjō. Her arm tensed as she pulled aside the sliding paper door, it's translucent folds held together by a lattice of wood from the great forest not far from the castle proper. It was such a peculiar thing, a uniquely alien architecture inside this otherwise high-soaring and gothic castle. It was a place of silence, of contemplation, and of utter solitary consolement. Martin stood awkwardly behind her, shifting his weight back and forth as he stared in uncertainty at the bare, empty room. "Um... Yasu, are you sure about this?" The young man said.

She did not turn back to look at him, her "The General has tasked me with furthering your combat training. It is... necessary, my Prince."

"But- this is your place." He said, staring into one of the few locations forbidden to his royal purview in the entire Castle. He had never seen the room before, with its bare, wood-paneled flooring and long, thin columns of supportive redstone. No one was allowed to train here besides her. Until now.

She didn't answer his unspoken question, instead roughly pushing open the door. "In." She said, her voice harsh and flat. Martin entered, his footsteps carrying his teenaged form through the entryway as he gazed around at the light that flooded in from the open windows above. It was low light, but not dim. "Remove your shoes, you will not need them." She said, closing the door quickly behind her, as if afraid of spying visitors. Considering General Telris' most recent escapades with the young Martin... that was not too farfetched of a proposition.

Without saying a word to him the bodyguard strode across the room, kicking off her sandals at the doorway and treading silently with bare feet to a small bundle near a white blanket of linens. Unwrapping the concealing fabric, Yasu pulled forth two wooden swords: one long, the other slightly shorter. They seemed to be near identical to the pair of real blades she always wore at her side. She undid her sash, turning away chastely so that Martin could not see her as she pulled free her sheathed weapons and placed them atop the spot where the wooden ones had been a moment before. She turned back around, expertly re-tying her sash with one hand as she clutched the two weapons in the other. Once Martin had managed to pull off his own shoes, she tossed the longer weapon in the air to him. Instinctively he caught it.

"Nice sword." He said. She did not smile.

"You will glean many things about the arts of war from General Telris. She will teach you how to lead men, how to manage a campaign, how to keep your soldiers fed and your army marching. She'll teach you how to give a rousing battle speech, how to meet and drink and revel with the men you plan to lead, gain their trust and their respect. You will learn to wage war with General Telris." Her grey eyes were like blocks of stone as they looked at him, "I have nothing for you to 'learn,' my Prince. I'm going to make sure you survive." She lifted her shorter weapon, indicating for him to do so as well. "Begin."

They battled for hours, Martin practicing strikes, beating his weapon hard against an old, worn out training dummy to build up muscle strength in his arm. He blocked strikes and learned to swing in wide, slashing motions. When he asked why he wasn't learning how to stab as well, Yasu grunted and swept his feet out from under him. "You learn to stab when you can take the feet out from under me." She said, whipping her ponytail around the back of her head and taking the wooden weapon out of his hand, moving to replace it back at its place upon the linen. "Your practice is over. Come tomorrow, the same time."

He came the next day. And the next, and the next, and every day after that. Months passed, and Martin grew accustomed to the rigors of physical training and exertion. Yasu was a strict instructor, not allowing even a single day off, even when Aveline would cancel tutoring for the day to celebrate the equinox. Martin never complained, though he did grumble to himself every so often. But there was something about the way Yasu acted with him in that room: the open, assertive stance, the straightforward and unreserved way she looked at him, the panting breath of her body as she worked the two of them up into a sweat... He didn't want to disappoint her. By this time Martin dressed in proper attire: discarding his shirt and adopting only a pair of simple fencing pants that gave him freedom of movement. The day began like any other day.

Yasu's eyes tightened as she saw a weakness in Martin's stance. "Shift." She said, leaping forward and slashing with her wooden practice sword against the Prince's imperfect guard. He blocked the first strike, his lithe body belying the speed at which he could move; it was irrelevant though. "Hah!" She shouted, her grip tight against the handle as she recovered, turning to the right and striking against the pommel of his weapon. Martin yelped,dropping his own fake blade and putting his other hand atop his wounded fingers.

"Gods spit on the earth below!" He cursed, putting his smashed fingers in his mouth. "Yasu! What was that?"

"An attack, my Prince." The bodyguard replied wryly. Her form shifted its place like a wisp of the wind, She seemed more at ease in her private training room than Martin had ever seen her traipsing about the castle. The wood flooring was polished to a mirrors sheen, and he could see his pained reflection in it... as well as her white panties riding up her pale thighs. "Do you think a bladesman is going to be gentlemanly and only strike at the top of your weapon?" She quirked a thin eyebrow, "That's not how a warrior fights."

"Cheeky." Martin replied sarcastically, bending down to pick up his weapon. Yasu leapt forward, her body tensing as she struck out against his open back. Unable to recover in time, Martin instead opted to leap forward, rolling onto his feet and spinning around, jumping back just in time as Yasu's follow-through slash nearly smacked sideways against his ribs. He felt the whisp of air across his bare chest. She didn't give him time to breathe, pressing forward as she moved against his nonexistent guard. Holding his hands up, he backpedaled, attempting to get distance. Yasu's rapidly approaching footsteps prevented him from an outright escape, and she closed range with him too quickly.
