 Yasu said little to the Prince as they strode through to the halls into his royal bedroom. She stood at the doorway, staring impassively as he moved through the entry past her, her eyes scanning the horizon even as she absentmindedly wiped away at the freshly-deposited cum and idly licked it from her fingers. "Go on," She said, "The servants have prepared a bath for you. If it's not to your liking I shall send for warm buckets." Martin stopped short, his crested tabard swishing in the breeze as he turned to look at her. 

"It would be more to my liking if you could accompany me." He said, giving her a long look. Her grey eyes moved with reluctance from her sentry's search to gaze down at him, the corners of her brow pulling just slightly in consternation. 

"You're not a child, my Prince. You can take a bath on your own." The way she stood, like an immobile statue with a hand always hovering over her blade hilt, gave Martin pause. 

"That's not what I meant." He said, reaching out and putting a hand against the base of her neck. She endured it, as though steeling herself for another wound in battle. His fingers trailed across her, slipping beneath the fabric along the collarbone and down the curve of her shoulder. His hands, avoiding applying pressure, slipped the ripped side of her shirt off of her, causing it to fall away and once again expose her pale breast and scarred visage. She grimaced at his touch. "I want you to join me in the bath." 

"Another day, perhaps." She said, her enunciation curt yet civil. "The Queen is waiting for you." 

Martin chuckled, "I think you're on a more strict timetable than my mother is, Yasu. We can be a few minutes late." 

"The Queen wishes to see you, not your bodyguard. And either way you can't be late; she told me she has something she wishes to discuss with you." She turned her head back to her eternal vigil, her back stiffening like a statue taking a warrior's pose. 

"Then at least accompany me into the bath, will you?" He asked, his hand absently reaching forward and cupping her modest breast in his hand. "You don't have to undress or anything. I just want you here, with me." 

Yasu sighed, placing a gentle hand against Martin's grasping wrist. "If it will make you listen to reason, then I will. But you must make ready swiftly, my Prince." 

"Martin." he replied, squeezing at her breast. She shook her head. 

"My Prince." She pulled at his hand grasping her tit, reaching forward with her other hand to touch his nethers through his clothing. Her fingers stroked across him with a delicacy that bordered on tickling. "You're still hard, even after the garden." 

He grinned, "Of course: you're here." They held there for the barest moment, mere inches away from stepping within each other's guard and pressing their bodies together tight like lovers in the fading light of the evening. Yasu jerked back as if remembering where she was, her hand finally pulling at Martin's wrist to release his hold on her. 

"Take the bath, lest I throw you in myself." She said, her voice dispassionately empty of emotion. 

Martin smiled and shook his head, finally stepping through the doorway. "I didn't know you were fond of rough stuff, Yasu." He felt a rough poke against his back, encouraging him through the doorway. 

"In! Or this will turn out poorly for you." 

With added haste the Prince strode through the bedroom into the opulent black marble bathroom and the large, circular bath that sat within. A pair of young women, both around the young Prince's age, were busy dumping in the last hot buckets of water. As he entered the Prince realized they were twins: brunettes with almond-shaped faces and easy smiles. They chatted merrily back and forth as they poured, their silky blouses both modest and form fitting. They both turned at the sound of his clicking heels and bowed, their green eyes shining mischievously behind their long locks of hair. 

"M'lord." They said as one. 

"My ladies." He replied, enacting his own theatrical bow. The two giggled at his formality. "It is a pleasure to meet you! Are you new to the castle?" 

The two exchanged a look. "Yes, M'lord, we were - erm... 'enlisted' by the Chief General as ladies in waiting. Our father is a Söldner from Deickeburg." Said one, her voice thick with an accent that Martin could not place. The other one poked her sister in the arm. "Edeline! This is the Prince! Use the common tongue!" Edeline blushed and said: "Oh! It's... um, what was the title again, Elfrida?" Elfrida sighed in annoyance. "He's a 'mercenary,' sister! Have you not listened to a word that Frau Aveline has said in the lectures?" She turned to the prince, inclining her head politely. "We are your humble servants, m'lord. Your every wish and desire is ours." 

"Miranda." Martin muttered to himself, his mind going to the mischievous General and her surreptitious teasing. "I should have known. Deickeburg, you say? Why does that name sound familiar?" 

"It doesn't matter." Said a voice behind him. Yasu stepped through the door, a dark look on her face. "Get in the tub; wash yourself. The Queen is waiting." 

"You need a hobby, Yasu." Martin retorted, stripping his tabard and shirt to the great delight of the twins standing gawking at him. 

"Such Royal blood!" Edeline (or was it Elfrida?) said. "We will wash him, and have him ready in no time!" Piped up the other, flashing Yasu a brilliant smile. The bodyguard merely shrugged, standing off to the side of the room and tapping her wooden heels loudly against the floor. Martin continued to undress, sliding out of his clothing and allowing his manhood to flop free. Still partially turgid from the experience with his grey-eyed paramour, the Prince sheepishly covered his genitals and strode into the bath, groaning in pleasure as he felt the heat of the tub waft over his form. 

Undeterred by his naked half-erection, the two girls from Deickeburg got to work immediately, pulling out large hand scrubs and applying sudsy soap to the brush. As one they reached down into the warm water, gently raising the Prince's arms and applying strokes against his bare skin. Martin could see both of the lasses stealing glances down at his rod as it bobbed in the warm water, the sweet memory of Yasu's lips wrapped around them keeping him aroused and erect. 

"My Prince," One of them whispered, a smile on her face as she looked down into the tub. "You have a wonderful tool. Elfrida was telling me she was spying on you a minute ago, and she saw you getting some love from your Schwanzlutscher in the garden." 

"Edeline!" The other exclaimed, turning beet red. The two giggled as Elfrida splashed some water against her sister from across the tub. "Manners! What sty did Papa raise us from?" 

"A warm one." Edeline said, her lids going low as her hands reached into the tub to ostensibly brush at the young Prince's thighs. One of her hands diverted directly to his cock, wrapping it with her bare fingers and giving it a pump. Elfrida let out a gasp and turned redder. Undeterred, Edeline smiled and murmured low under her breath: "Ich möchte euch schmecken, mein Prinz." 

Martin twisted in the lusty lass' hand, his overactive libido swelling his balls yet again for an intended coital matrimony. Despite his own trepidation Martin found himself meeting the brash mistress' gaze, her emerald irises giving him a concordant wink as she licked her lips. Despite her own bashfulness, the other twin's hands seemed duty-bound to touch and grasp his inner thigh even though she had already cleaned there. "Somehow," He said, feeling Edeline's fingers trail along the skin of his shaft and down between the seam of his testes, "I don't think you were asking me where the soap has gone." 

"My Prince." Yasu voice said, carrying over the heavy moment between himself and the twins. "Remember what we just spoke about, in the garden." Martin broke eye contact and looked over into the bodyguard's grey, piercing gaze. "Withstanding pressure, maintaining focus despite distraction, resisting pleasure despite its supposed irresistibility. What are you supposed to be doing right now?" 

He let out a sigh. "You're right, Yasu. Sorry, I'm getting preoccupied." He looked up at the two twins, his hands reaching up and placing themselves on each of their cheeks. "My ladies, you are both a wonder and a joy to be with; but sadly duty calls. I have been summoned by the Queen, and I mustn't be late." 

The two let out mutual sighs of displeasure. "The Queen sees her son every night! We only just met you in person for the first time." Edeline pouted, resuming her brushing in spite of her complaints. "It won't be the last time, you can bet." Elfrida added, a shy smile growing on her face. "Will you call on us one day, Prince Martin? Soon?" 

"As soon as possible, my lady." Martin replied, his thumb gently stroking against her cheek. "Would that I had a hundred hours in the day, I'd spend each half of it between the two of you." 

"That can be arranged." Edeline said, letting out another giggle. They resumed their brushing. Although they ceased their overt fondling, the twins remained overly touchy with Martin as they finished his brush down. He nearly jumped at one point when the more assertive sister grabbed a handful of his ass, but a steely look from his waiting bodyguard caused him to relax into the tub, allowing them to finish scraping him clean. At last he stood up, rivulets of water trailing down his lithe form as the two stood nearly face-to-face with his royal member bobbing in front of them. 

He descended the tub's stairs like true nobility, grasping a towel from one of their outstretched hands and drying himself off, not trusting that the two ladies wouldn't take the opportunity to fumble with his venereal region yet again. Martin loved it when the two looked at him, especially in such a compromisingly nude position. They gazed at him with a mixture of affection and open lust that proved difficult to resist; only Yasu's implacable stare prevented him from indulging in the twins in their erotic fantasy. And now I have to learn their language. He thought to himself not at all displeased with the idea. Perhaps Aveline could help him tomorrow, in that department. 

"Your clothes have been laid out on the bed for you, Prince." Yasu said. "You should dress, and then we must hurry: the Queen is almost certainly waiting on you now." 

Martin nodded. "My ladies? Could I possibly beg your pardon and ask for some privacy? I need to dress, and would not wish to trouble you with my clumsiness." 

The two giggled again, filing out of the room with a leer and a surreptitious pair of smiles. "See you soon, M'lord." They said as one. 

Once the door had closed, Martin finished drying himself, wiping off the wicks of water that gathered on his form before discarding the towel, standing audaciously nude before his bodyguard. She stared at him, her eyes passing over his body with a kind of feigned indifference that belied the blush across her cheeks. Martin had rarely seen such demure actions from her before. Without thinking, he walked across the flat tiling, his feet slapping against the floor as he moved uncomfortably within reach. She did not move. 

"Sure I can't convince you for a last, little lick?" He said, trying to lighten the tense mood by pointing at his projecting pecker. Yasu's eyes steadfastly refused to leave his face. 

"You should get dressed, my Prince." 

"Martin." He corrected her. 

She scowled at him, "You're now long overdue in the dining room. You were raised to be more punctual than this." 

"I know." he replied, moving forward and pressing her up against the wall, his naked nethers moving close to her bare thighs, his sexual heat mixing with hers. "But I wanted to do this, first." He took her face in his hands and kissed her. She held her head there, her face taut and her neck tensed. Eventually he pulled back from her lips. "Thank you, for today." 

"It was training." She said, a true blush rushing across her face as she looked away. 

"For some reason, I don't entirely believe you." Martin said. He resumed dressing, pulling on a white silk shirt and a formal blue tunic. He swished a flowing blue cape about his shoulders and turned to Yasu, who had returned to her spot outside the door. "How do I look? 

"Ready." She replied, not bothering to glance back. "Let's go." They said nothing as they walked side by side through the halls to the Queen's private dining chamber; Martin could feel a tension that he had never sensed before between them. Unthinking his hand reached out and took Yasu's, threading through her fingers and cupping her palm. The bodyguard stared straight ahead, her hand limply sitting within Martin's grasp. As they came to the shut doorway leading inwards, he felt her own grip tighten just the barest fraction. "I will see you tomorrow, my Prince." She said, stopping at the door in front of the two guards who stood there. 

"You aren't escorting me back after the dinner?" Martin said, stopping and turning to her. "That's not like you." 

"The Queen has said she intends to keep you up quite late discussing affairs of state." Yasu replied, affixing the Prince with a look. "I will return to my own quarters, and ruminate." 

"You mean touch yourself?" Martin said, laughing at the dark, red-faced scowl that crossed her face. "Gods, Yasu I'm kidding." He leaned up and gave her a kiss on the cheek before she could pull away. "Think of me when you are, okay?" He whispered. Her cheek twitched in agitation and she stormed off. 

"Goodbye, my Prince." She said over her shoulder as she stalked away. Martin smiled as he watched her leave, gazing at her barely-concealed hind as her thighs tensed, giving the barest hint of her underwear beneath the swaying fabric. Tearing his gaze away from the pleasing sight, he turned to the guards and nodded as they opened the door for him. 

When he entered Queen Moiraine's dining room, he saw that she was sitting across at the head of the long table from him. She was resplendent: dressed in a blue gown that covered but miserably failed to conceal her mountainous mammaries.The large, milky flesh was exposed almost down to the nipple, his mother considering her buxom beauty one of her more potent assets in the arsenal of statecraft. Upon her supple hands were elbow-length gloves, of a lighter pigmentation than her outfit. Her dress was opulent but revealing, her golden crown sitting atop her head like a perfect circle betwixt which rubies, emeralds and sapphires gleamed in the twinkling candlelight. They were alone, the guards pulling the doors closed behind them with a loud bang. 

When Martin entered the room, stepping gingerly as was customary in the presence of abject royalty, she let out a dazzling smile and rose to greet him. "Martin!" She said, dropping the staid honorifics of the court for simple familial warmth. She extended her arms, holding them out as she stepped around the table. "My son! How wonderful that you've joined me tonight." 

Eagerly moving forward into her comfort, Martin wrapped his own arms around her into a full body hug. He could feel her golden tresses tickling his face as her long hair drifted down between them. "I wouldn't miss it for the world, Mother." He felt her plump lips kiss the top of his head. Her arms pulled him tightly against her, inadvertently sandwiching his face within her bounteous cleavage. The warmth of her skin was a soothing sensation, and the familiar smell of her scented perfume coated her body and seeped into Martin's nostrils. "You know I miss spending time with you." 

"Time that isn't the boring minutiae of the Kingdom, at least." She said,her grip tightening against him. "I know it can be a chore, sometimes." 

Martin pulled his head back to look up into her shining eyes, blue like the sea. "Not at all! It's actually quite fascinating. I'm more bored by Aveline's lectures, if I'm to be honest. I find the whole affairs of courtly life dull. Who needs to dance and make merry when there's work to be done?" 

She laughed, a warm, lilting thing that jiggled her breasts against his face as she did. "Oh, my son. You have no idea. Most of the mightiest contests in our Kingdom's history have been fought on a ballroom floor: it's less messy than a mud-soaked battlefield, and more likely to produce marriage and alliance. You'll have to learn all of it, even the dull bits." She stepped away from him, her gloved hand remaining cupped around his face. Her fingers worked across them in slow affection. "You're turning out to be a wonderful young man, Martin. Shall we eat?" 

"I have a good role model." He said, putting his hand against hers and nuzzling it. "And yes, I'm famished!" 

They took their seats: she at the head of the table, and he just next to her on the side. It was a small but important assertion of eminence that even the blood royal was secondary to the sitting Queen. She took her seat, her wide hips leaning off of the dainty chair upon which she sat on either side. She had the body of a woman in the full ripening of her sexuality, with all the attraction of a milf who had borne but a single child. She had never remarried, and remained the most eligible bachelorette in the entirety of the region. Kings and lesser lords had staked their entire fortunes to try to woo the beautiful Queen, yet none had succeeded (despite a few clandestine calls to her bedchamber.) Ultimately, Moiraine's first duty was to her people. 

She rang a bell, and a bevy of servants stepped through the wide-double doors on the other side of the room. They filed through with tall trays of several separate courses, arranging themselves about the table in careful setup for the royal meal. Martin found his mouth watering as he saw the first course: a steam-heated chicken cooked in a brine of bubbling sauces. "Gods, the cooks outdid themselves, didn't they?" He said, smacking his lips and picking up the first of the host of silverware arrayed across the table. 

"I ordered it specifically." his mother murmured, "This meal goes well with our drinks." 

Martin's eyes traced the large goblets that sat at either side of their plates. He saw no pitchers or liquids set out by the servants, who filed out of the room with prim magnificence. "And what beverage would that be?" 

Moiraine's smile deepened, Martin nearly jumped in his seat when he felt the sudden press of a bare foot against his crotch. "I think you can hazard a guess, Martin." She said, picking her fork and knife up as though nothing had happened and cutting into the succulent meat. Her toe remained firmly planted against his base. 

"M-mother..." Martin said, embarrassed despite being alone with her. She glanced up at him as she bit off a particularly juicy morsel. 

"Hm? Is my son so ashamed of his flesh and blood that he can't have a normal dinner with her?" Her smile curled like a cats as she continued to calmly chew her food. She pointedly avoided looking into Martin's eyes as he groaned. He felt her big toe rub slowly against him, touching his engorged erection as she languidly stroked at him through his clothing. "Enjoy your meal, Martin. I had them cook it just for you." 

He tried his best. His shaking hands scraped loudly against the bottom of the plate as he lost control due to her excessive fondling. He hastily stuck a bite into his mouth as he felt her move up and down his fabric, the curve of her large thigh bending beneath the table to reach him as she continued to lazily munch her meal. "You're going to have to get better at enduring a woman's touch if you ever intend to sit the throne, child." Her toe scratched at an itch he did not even know he had, causing his back to bend as he gripped the table for support. "General Telris is a wild one, and your future meetings are unlikely to get any less amorous." 
