 Christie, the Queen's Handmaiden, stared with hazel eyes at the peculiar sight of the Prince balls-deep in her Queenship's imperial vagina. She seemed unsure of how to begin, as though the very presence of her royal highness' heiney being so utterly creamed by the pulsating prick beneath her were a deterrent to participation. Despite her own eagerness on the subject, as she neared the massive, bouncing bubble butt that twitched every so often in the space of its orgasm the brunette with the short, cropped hair wrung her hands. "I'm... I'm not worthy, your Grace."

"We deem you so." Queen Moiraine said, shaking her hips as she looked into Christie's eyes from beneath her swaying cleavage, her hair trailing down onto the Prince's head like a shroud. "W-would you ignore a command from us?"

"No!" Christie exclaimed, seeming to remember her place. "Of course not, your Grace. As her Majesty commands."

The Queen lifted her hips off of Martin, his length exposing itself to the air as she slowly slid free. His cock twitched as it felt the colder air. "I- we," She kept correcting herself with the royal pejorative. "H-have royal duties to attend to after this, and I don't want my dress soiled with such stains." The Queen sighed as she felt Christie's working hands gently take hold of her rear, spreading her navel and spreading her sex with her thumbs. The slit slid open, leaking dribbles of white from her pussy as it struggled to contain the fluids within her. Christie put herself firmly beneath Moiraine's dripping cunt. Her tongue stuck out from her mouth, catching the drops of princely cum that trickled down. "Not enough, child." The Queen said. "We give you permission: lick us dry."

Although she seemed to be enraptured, swallowing the tasty drops of morsels that she caught, the commoner's soul in Christie still refrained for a last, resistant moment. The dam broke when the Queen shifted her hips back, planting her rear against Christie's face, who buried her mouth atop Moiraine's mound, her thick lips frenching the lower half of the Queen's crevice. The woman's tongue darted out, sliding within her folds as she lapped at the sexual goo that sat within her like an overfull creampie. Within seconds the servant was in bliss, her hands gripping the top of the Queen's rump and spreading it wide to give her greater access to her nethers.

"Ah!" The Queen groaned. "You've got a dirty little mouth." Christie's tongue agreed, slurping within her box and sucking up whatever bits of deposited cum she could swallow from Prince Martin's spirited fuckplay. The Prince was fondling his mother's breasts, continuing the sensual onslaught that the Queen endured. She shivered at the multitude of opposing fronts, her breasts leaking milk onto the Prince's chest as he fondled and pinched her nipples. A small jet of regal girlcum came onto Christie's face, coating her in fluids as she continued to lap obediently at her Majesty.

The handmaiden began to circle her tongue, rolling like dough in a baker's hands around the clenching walls of Moiraine's muff. Her hands adjusted their grip, pulling the skin of the Queen's fat ass apart so she could shove her lips tighter against them. From a casual observer's angle it looked as though she were french-kissing the woman's lower lips - which, to a large degree, she was. Her moans began to drift past the mountainous asscheeks of Moiraine and into the Queen and Prince's ears, causing both to exchange a look and a secretive smile. Moiraine shuddered at the contact, pressing her hips back so that Christie could sink further into her, her tongue stretching to its greatest extent as she struggled to fully clean the Queen of her creamy insemination.

"W-we approve," Moiraine gasped, her blonde locks thrashing about her head as she swung it from side to side, shaking her head as though she were trying to deny the very feelings that coursed through her veins. "Gods, lick the clit! It's my most sensitive- aaahn!" Christie's tongue removed itself from her sodden snatch, lapping beneath her mound as she sucked hard from the bump that shot electric joy through her noble personage. Martin breastfed from her left nipple in turn, pinching and pulling the right nipple with vigorous, squeezing strokes as the Queen continued to lactate. Together, the loyal subordinates of her Majesty led her through the spectacular halls of climax as she squealed, her pussy spurting more of her fluids out against the servant's supplicant face.

Christie pulled her face back and licked her lips, her intent fingers now confidently sliding into Moiraine's pussy, feeling around as though she were a trained physician in search of something clinging to her walls. The only thing there however was another spine-tingling thrill that caused Moiraine's back to arch and her hips twerk as she displayed herself more fully, the causal instinct of her brain attempting to entice the concubine to continue her cunny licking. She acquiesced, planting her lips atop the unattended portion of her vagina, her mouth licking against the cornered edge of her center of paradise. Her nose bumped against her asshole, tickling it with her touch and warm exhales. The commoner's three fingers continued to slide in and out of Moiraine, her thumb and pinky making small wings as she soaked the digits in the tight confines.

"I- I think you are clean, your Grace." Christie said at last, pulling her lips from the heavy heat of the Queen's crotch. By now her highness was a quivering mess, her thighs and rear soaked with her own juices and Christie's saliva. Her legs shook from the weight of holding herself up in her doggystyle position over Martin, who continued to suck upon her weighty tits like it was the only thing in the world.

"Thank... thank you, Christie." She said, her voice thick and strained. "You have cleaned our pussy well, but it seems our Prince has also dirtied his person. Could you clean him like you cleaned us, with those filthy lips of yours?"

Christie's hazel eyes turned immediately to meet the Prince's, who smiled sheepishly up at her from beneath the Queen's mammaries. He unlatched his mouth from her nipple, winking at her from between the towering rod that was his erection. Even after having blown his load several times over, he was as ready as if he'd been awoken from a wet dream half-finished. The sight of Moiraine with a woman's face planted against her bottom licking like no tomorrow had set his heart to pumping and his blood flowing. The still-dripping cock pointed upwards like a spear stuck in the ground, ready to plunge into the first orifice that met it.

"Your Grace..." Christie said, her voice heady and breathless from the incessant taste of royalty on her tongue. "It would- it would be my honor." The woman's face blushed as she wiped a stray lock of hair from her face. "Truth be told, I've been wanting to do this with you for a long time, my Prince."

"You've wanted to do what?" The Queen said, turning to stare at the woman as her fat ass wiggled in the air. "If you don't tell him your wish, how can he make it so?"

Christie swallowed. "I... I want to suck your dick, Prince Martin. I want to fondle your balls while I deepthroat your thick cock in my mouth. I want you to look me in the eyes while you blow your load down my throat and tell me what a good handmaiden I am." Martin's face turned beet red.

"She's so fiesty!" The Queen laughed, "I've been teaching her, you know. She's got the cutest little fantasy of you and her, hiding out in a summer cabin... while I hold her head and shove her down to your base." Moiraine licked her lips. "I'm afraid we don't have time for the cabin. Would you like to help her other dream come true, Martin?"

"With... with pleasure, Mother!" Martin exclaimed.

"No." She said, planting a toying finger to Martin's lips. "I've been properly cleaned. It's Christie who is asking for the pleasure. Say it to her." The Queen got off the table, stepping down with all the gracefulness she could muster from such a sexual act. Martin sat up and took Christie's hand in his. He kissed the top of it, and she gasped.

"My lady, would you do me the great honor, of allowing my mother and I to fulfill your wish?"

The Queen's smile was teasing, "...And what wish is that?"

Martin groaned inwardly that he had to say it out loud: "Would you do me the honor of letting me fuck your face?"

Christie's face lit up like a candle. She pounced on the Prince like a hungry lioness, planting uncouth kisses on his face. It still dripped with his mother's juices. "Of course, my Prince." She whispered, slithering off him as she took hold of his wood. Her hand squeezed appreciatively, her smile electric as she began to vigorously stroke him, eschewing the traditional penile petting that would have been required with a recently-expelled set of seed-spillers. Martin felt his virility pumping another load within his sac, his fully erect cock pulsing to the inspired touch of the woman at the helm of his erection.

Christie's mouth smote itself upon his balls, licking and slurping each of the hanging testicles in turn. Her tongue swept across, finding purchase against the porous material of his nuts and nibbling ever so slightly against his scrotum. The thin skin of its stretched package was sensitive, and Martin twitched at the touch. "Seems she found a weak spot, my son." Moiraine said, stepping behind the handmaiden and lowering her body so she was hovering behind her shoulder. She watched with shining eyes as the woman stuck one of the testes in her mouth, suctioning so that her cheeks vaccumed inwards as she looked up at Martin. The Queen ran her fingers up the woman's back, through the back of her hair as she gently pressed her down against the base of Martin's cock, her naughty nose bumping the base at the junction between the root and the stalk. She inhaled deeply from the masculine scent, her tongue swirling around in her mouth as she lavished praise and worship onto Martin's mighty manhood.

Tugging at her crop of hair, the Queen pulled Christie's head back to gaze down at her, their eyes meeting as they stared from opposing directions. The handmaiden's tongue was sticking freely from her mouth and she was panting, saliva and other fluids dripping from her face. "It's time." The Queen murmured, "Let me help you." Taking the servant's head in both hands, Moiraine straddled her, her hips pushing against the smaller woman's body as she shoved her forward, her mouth like a perfect bullseye for the dick that looked to pierce down her throat. Martin moaned as he felt her lips pass over his head, her tongue immediately darting to his slit as she licked at him, tasting his dribbling precum and wanting more.

The Queen obliged, thrusting Christie's head forward as she dove her down upon his prick. Unlike the practiced effortlessness of the Queen's own cocksucking, she was only able to engulf a portion of Martin's meat before gagging at the sheer girth and length of it. Halfway down, she could progress no further, her eyes lifting to look at the Prince's in shamed contrition. Undeterred, Moiraine pushed her still further, the lady's larynx expanding visibly from the overlarge intruder. Spit coated her lips as Christie struggled to give it some kind of lubrication to help facilitate her fellatio, but as she reached the final third, she coughed and pulled back, gasping in a breath of air as she removed herself in one swift motion. It was gorgeous.

"I'm- I'm sorry, my Prince!" She began to exclaim, but Martin put a hand upon her face.

"There is nothing to apologize for, my lady. That was wonderful!" He smiled at her, and she returned it, "Would you... please continue?"

She did not respond with words, instead lowering her head again to swallow him, sinking down a ways before beginning a spirited back and forth across his penis. Despite being hamstrung by being incapable of a full deepthroat, she remained exceptionally vigorous as she worked to milk the very seed from his sack as she simultaneously fondled his balls and fucked her face upon his shaft. Soon Martin was groaning, looking at both the women whose attention was rapt against the strong sexual sounds that splatted between them. Queen Moiraine persisted in pushing her handmaiden's head to the test, moving her ever farther down. "My son," She said, "Jack the base; she'll love the taste of it."

Taking her advice, the Prince took his girth at its foundation, moving in rapid jerks in arrhythmic tandem to the lifting and lowering of Christie's head. His fingers and her lips met somewhere in the middle, her eyes flicking up to look at his as a hint of a smile graced her O-shaped lips. She seemed to like it when he touched her, regardless of the limb. Ever the vexing tease, the Queen drew her ward's head back, leaving Martin's length almost devoid of warm hole to smother. Clearly desperate to continue the oral assault, Christie tried to push forward but her Majesty held her back. "Not yet," She whispered into her ear, "Relish the tang. That is royal seed on your tongue." Taking her advice, the handmaiden slowed her movements, her tongue circling the tip and slurping as precum beaded onto the tastebuds from Martin's own jerking session.

Martin quickened the speed of his thrusting, Moiraine following suit by roughly shoving her handmaiden's head back down onto the shaft, Christie's lips compressing as she tightened like a vice around the thick meat that she was so enchanted by. Her tongue waggled and thrashed as it licked the underside of his prick, her eyes watering as she struggled to contain him. "Uh!" Martin moaned, looking into her face, his jerks making her hum within her throat. The vibration of her body responding to his own sent him over the edge. He came.

The bubbling need within his nethers shifted in his clenching nutsack and splurted its way up his spermatic canal, enlarging significantly as his cock twitched. It expanded, sealing Christie's esophagus around his prick to support the increased fluid injection flowing like a river up his thickness. He blasted past her tonsils, her eyes squinting as the first inoculation of sticky white splooge leapt down her throat in a stream that coated her vocal chords and larynx with the voluptuous liquid of life. Despite the fill, Christie managed to muffle out some stifled moans through the penis clogging her mouth. Martin did not stop there, Pulling her ears down as she finally reached her goal: her nose bumping up against his crotch as she swallowed him whole. The Queen was to blame, shoving Christie's face as far forward as she could, causing choking sounds as the overwhelmed handmaiden struggled for breath. "What a good handmaiden you are." He whispered as he ejaculated, remembering her request. Their eyes met, and Martin groaned as he saw the hungry look in hers as she gazed fondly up at him.

Martin and Christie's eyes fluttered simultaneously, both for separate reasons. Martin was experiencing an orgasm of astounding potency, and Christie was suffering from the extended effects of lack of oxygen. The cum was not helping much either: the Prince's royal seed spewing down, providing an ample meal but precious little air to breathe. The Queen, resolute, held her handmaiden there for an extended time. Martin wanted to protest, but was so delirious from the intense head session that he could only gasp and stroke her hair. "She's fine." The Queen said, seeming to revel in her mild domination of the lusty servant. "Christie's always had a fetish for the heavy touch."

Finally her Majesty deigned to release the girl from her formidable facefucking, pulling her off with an immediate and sudden drag of her hands that pulled her free in one swift motion; Christie gurgled, her mouth still full of jizz. She lifted her head skyward, swallowing theatrically as Martin watched, fascinated as her tiny adam's apple bobbed, sending his swimmers on their way to meet the rest of them in her burbling stomach. Christie gasped in a breath, her lungs finally able to work freely again as she attempted to digest her latest meal. Her mouth was covered quite sloppily with spit and man juice, and Martin took it upon himself to place his slowly flagging erection against her lips. Obediently, she licked at the head, tasting his dripping globules of sperm as she worked to finish her task of properly cleaning the princely prick. Despite her status and the compromising position she was in, she somehow made it look both aristocratic and dignified.

"What do we say to a subject who has performed a task admirably, Martin?" The Queen asked, a deep smile on her face as she looked at her son coyly. Martin struggled to catch his breath.

"Th-thank you, Christie." He said. "Your efforts have not gone unnoticed." Ever the gentleman, the young Prince took her by the chin and planted a gentle kiss atop her forehead. She smiled dazzlingly at him.

"Nor unrewarded." She said, equally empty of breath. She looked up at the Prince and a blush rose on her face. "I would not mind if you rewarded me again sometime, your Graces."

The Queen laughed, smacking her bum and helping her to her feet. "Another time, perhaps. Our Prince must have some rest. Tomorrow is a big day. My son, would you care to see yourself out? Christie and I still have much to discuss..."

"Of course, Mother." Martin said. "Yasu has retired for the evening, but I can-"

Queen Moiraine's face let out a light pout. "Blast. It is not safe for royalty to be alone, even in the castle. I was hoping we could continue our dialogue now, but I suppose the good of the Realm comes first." She turned to her handmaiden, "Christie, would you be a love and make sure the Prince returns safely to his chambers?" Her hand reached out and groped the woman's butt. "And do hurry back, my dear. We're not quite done, you and I..."

The air was cold and bracing as the two walked side by side through the winding courtyard to the Prince's abode. Christie looked much different in the torchlight: a true lady, with a flowing dress and a noble bend to her movements as she stepped daintily through the darkness with him. They moved side by side, though she could not seem to bring herself to look at him. Martin chuckled, "Is something troubling you, Milady?"

She started, her head snapping up as she looked at him as though he'd asked her for her line in a dramatic play. She seemed as though she'd forgotten her own. "I- I -um... n-no!" She said, the blush on her face blatant and obvious even in the minimal light of the torches. "It's nothing, your Grace, truly it's not!"

"You were marvelous, Christie." He said, noticing the wincing way she suffered through him naming her. She seemed as though she wished to hide beneath her clothes. "What you did with your tongue was-"

"H-happy to be of service, your Grace." She said, somehow more bashful now that they had finished their nut-busting coquetry then dealing with mere compliments. "I-if his majesty would follow me to his room-"

Martin stopped, just a few scant feet from the doorway. He secretly enjoyed the way she stammered to a halt, her head lowered as she seemed utterly mortified at the way he turned to her. "Would it be such a bother for you to look at me?" He asked, his voice kind and encouraging. "Despite the royal title, I'm not much for formalities. My mother is the one who loves the 'proper etiquette.'" As he said the final words, he stuck his pinky up and swirled in the air, making it seem as though he were sipping from a cup of tea. He stepped forward, and she shivered at his close proximity. "Truth be told I'm a far greater fan of direct talk, and honest conversation."

She didn't respond, her eyes cast down as though he were scolding her. Martin smiled, putting a hand to her shoulder. Surprised at the easy way he touched her, Christie at last deigned to look back at him. "Y-your Grace-"
