 I have decided to write this journal for those that truly believe in my research. I'll keep a detailed record of the progress of my latest test, in case something unexpected happens. If I am not able to write anymore, please do not discard my work. The possibilities of this research are endless. 

Last Monday, the Board decided to give me only three more months to produce positive results, otherwise they will cancel my funding. It is extremely frustrating. I am certain that this worm is the key to slow down, or maybe even stop, cellular aging. But I have tried many compounds combinations without much success. My major achievement so far, has been to double the life cycle of small rodents by transferring this organism's properties into their blood stream. But I am still very far away from reaching my goal.

The worm, my test subject, has been in our laboratory for decades, since my father found it in Antarctica, and today it looks exactly the same. It hasn't change at all since I was a kid. 

According to my research, human blood should be a lot more receptive to the new compound than any rodent's. However, there is no chance in hell that the Board will let me test it in a human being. There is only one choice left. I know it is reckless, but I am not wasting ten years of my life because those bastards don't understand the importance of what I am doing. 

Don't be such a coward, Laura. Just take the syringe and do it. Laura thought, looking down at the syringe sitting on top of the lab table. The large worm writhed beside it without a care in the world.

***

I am home now. It has been four hours since I injected myself. There are no negative side effects so far, although, there is a tickling all over my body, particularly between my legs. I am not sure if this is caused by the compound, or it is just me. Maybe it is my body expressing the excitement of such an important step in my career. Or maybe it is because it has been a while since I shared my bed with anybody.

Should I include this unexpected arousal in my report?

I have to figure out if this weird excitation is related to the experiment. The only way to know this, is to masturbate until reaching complete satisfaction. When that is done, I will see if the tickling is gone.

***

It normally takes me a while to reach an orgasm. Not this time. My body is more sensitive, more alive. My first climax arrived merely five minutes after I began caressing my clitoris. It may seem strange that I am describing this to you, but it could be relevant. We'll see.

One orgasm turned out to be not nearly enough. I immediately started rubbing myself until I climaxed again. After reaching a couple more orgasms, I am sweating from the exertion and I am getting tired, but my arousal is not diminishing.

I've decided to try something different. Maybe inserting something in my vaginal cavity can provide the satisfaction that I need so badly. Unfortunately, I don't own a vibrator so I have to be creative. I remembered that I have a cucumber in the fridge. Maybe that could do the trick.

***

I walked down to the kitchen completely naked, not caring if the neighbors could see me through the windows. I have to admit that, at this point, my state of mind isn't normal. It is very possible that the worm's compound flowing within by bloodstream is causing this marvelous excitation. But I can't do anything to fix it except one thing. And I am doing exactly that.

The cold cucumber felt wonderful as I inserted it in my pussy. It is long enough to reach the bottom of my cavity and its thickness is stretching me so delightfully. This is precisely what I need. 

I am pulling it in and out of my body. Slowly at first, then progressively faster. I wonder why I never thought about doing this before. If my orgasms came easily up in the bedroom, down here they are coming like a freight train.

***

I've lost track of time and I lost count of how many orgasms I've enjoyed. Every time I reach climax, my body shudders from head to toe while unbelievable pleasure assails every cell of my body. Every time I think I had enough, I am shoving the cucumber back into my pussy five minutes later.

I believe this experiment is going to make me masturbate to death. Luckily, my arousal is finally starting to diminish. It is almost dawn and I am exhausted.

***

Sitting in the living room couch, still gently caressing my pussy, I'm having another realization. If this new compound is not the elusive fountain of youth, I probably have discovered the greatest aphrodisiac ever. There is true potential in this formula. If it is mass produced, I might even generate enough revenue to finance my own laboratory in the future.

Every now and then, my mind wonders towards something else; the worm. My pussy twitches every time. Everything that had happened tonight, all the pleasure, was due to the worm. Ugh... my pussy is twitching again. That wonderful creature is not safe in the laboratory. Somebody might discover my findings and steal it. The security in that section of the building is very light. I have to do something about it and fast.

I have to get it out of there.

***

I couldn't wait until Monday. I usually work on weekends so the guard didn't ask any questions when he saw me walking in. I am sitting on the floor with the open container in front of me. The worm is slowly reaching up to the rim of the glass and pulling its head out of the tube. I already turned off the camera and removed my pants. My pussy is dripping wet.

I can't believe I am actually going to do this.

I am calmly watching it, wondering if I am going crazy. Everything is happening so fast. Yesterday, this creature had been nothing more than a subject of experimentation. Today I care for it as if it is my most beloved pet. It doesn't make much sense, but I've made up my mind. I will take the worm out of the lab. It just feels right.

Wasting no more time, I stood up, straddled the container and squatted until my buttocks were a few centimeters from the rim. I am reaching down and turning the tip of the worm upward. My heart is racing within my chest and my pussy is twitching hard with anticipation. I am ready.

I gasped loudly when the cold skin of the gigantic worm touched my pussy lips. Then I had a brief moment of hesitation. Here I am, half naked, letting a weird creature of unknown origin penetrate my body. It is by far the craziest thing I have ever done. However, like yesterday, I am too horny to stop.

The worm reacted much better than expected. I thought that it would need my help, but as soon as it became in contact with my wet pussy, it wiggled its head into my cavity with no aid whatsoever. My eyes rolled back from sheer bliss and it took a great effort not to moan out loudly.

The creature has a thicker middle section, and it has more complex tissue at both ends, like having two heads. Now one of those heads is inside of me and my vaginal lips are tightly snuggling the main body. Measuring half a meter long, it is unlikely that it will fit entirely inside of my pussy, but I am planning to keep some part of it hidden within my baggy pants as I walk out. This should work.

It is very difficult to keep my balance as the worm squirms and churns, pulling the rest of its body into my pussy. More so, because I am shivering in the midst of climax! 

The creature moves like a regular earthworm, expanding and contracting its body, trying to find enough traction within my exceedingly lubricated tunnel. The labor is slow and absolutely delightful.

Almost half of the large creature is already inside of me and the thicker central section is right outside my vaginal entrance. Maybe I had miscalculated the size of the worm, because I can feel it poking at the bottom of my cavity and there is still too much of it hanging between my legs. I am worrying that I may not be able to walk normally with that thick appendage stretching my pussy lips so much, and to make things worse, it is going to be very noticeable, even wearing my loose pants.

However, I am doing nothing to stop the worm. I might need a different plan, but at this moment I don't care. I had to stand up and lean back against the dissection table when I felt a short burst of pain, followed by a sudden rush of mind blowing bliss.  

The building pressure in my upper abdomen can only mean one thing. The worm is squirming into my womb!

Once again, it is taking real effort not to scream my lungs out from the incredible pleasure I am feeling. All the joy I experienced last night is nothing compare to this. Any sexual experience of my life is nothing compared to this. Suddenly, this crazy thing I am doing doesn't seem so crazy anymore. Anyone would do anything to feel this kind pleasure.

I am no longer saving the worm because it feels right. I am doing it because it is a necessity. The bond with this creature, as it penetrates deeper into my body, is not only physical. We are binding our souls together.

I exploded in climax one more time. My thighs are shivering uncontrollably around the little segment of the worm that still protrudes from my pussy. My entire body is jolting with spasmodic contractions that rattle the table supporting my weight. At last, my mind is going blank, void of any thought or idea that is not related to pure, absolute bliss.

Anybody could enter the room at this moment, stand in front of me taking pictures of the whole thing, and I wouldn't care at all. I feel like I am living this moment in an alternate reality, where nothing matters except pleasure. I could live forever in this world.

Within the haziness that overpowers mind, I am noticing the last segment of the creature is slipping between my pussy lips and penetrating into my stuffed vaginal cavity. The entire worm is inside of me!

I did it! My plan is working better than expected. Not that I had anything to do with its success, since the worm did all the work. I put my pants back on, still wondering how the hell that large creature can fit inside of me. And is just as incredible that, except from a slight bulge on my belly, it barely shows. This bulge can be easily concealed within my top.

I put the lid on the empty container and removed the label, in case they do an inventory. As I was walking out of the lab, the worm moved within my pussy, eliciting a loud moan that unavoidably escaped my mouth. I am waiting until it settles back in place. I can't squeal like that in front of the security guards.

"Don't move so much in there. You are making me moan."

***

I arrived home ten minuets ago. I am checking myself on the mirror and there it is; a bump on my belly, evidence that I have a large worm lodged inside of me. For anyone who'd see me like this, it might appear that I am gaining weight. Only I know the truth, and it is a lot more sexy than that.

I am aware that I need to formulate a plan for the near future. Sooner or later, they are going to find out that the worm is missing. Everything that I had done since the injection, have been driven mainly by thoughtless impulses rather than careful planning. Hell, I am still not sure why I took the worm from the lab. For now, I can relax and take a break.

Or maybe not. As I caressed the worm through my skin and pictured it curling within my womb, the creature moved. It shook really. Like a pulse that made my pussy flutter so hard that I gushed down my tights. This reminded me of the sensations I felt while the worm was crawling into my body an hour ago. My pussy is twitching just thinking about it. And now I have the creature all to myself, in the safety of my own house.

You are making me so freaking horny.

I removed the rest of my clothes and jumped into the bathtub, only I am not planning on taking a bath. I am sitting on the rim of the empty jacuzzi with two fingers plugged in my pussy. Not sure of what I am trying to accomplish, I have to do something to alleviate this itch that is growing between my legs.

My pussy is dripping wet so my fingers slid in easily. The worm is becoming restless within my womb as I move my hand back and forth. It feels wonderful. The squelching sounds of my fingers make echoes against the walls of the bathroom, mixing with my soft moans of pleasure.

Suddenly, I can feel my pussy being filled from within, at least the short section that isn't occupied already. The worm is coming down! My heart jolts with joy. Is it going to make me cum like it did in the laboratory? My fingers are moving faster now, enticing the creature to accelerate its pace. I want it to fuck me again.

When the tip of the worm emerged from my pussy, I froze. I don't want to scare it, if that is even possible. Maybe all this creature's actions are ruled by instinct. The same way I had been acting the last 24 hours.

In any case, I don't need to move. The sensation of having that creature stretching my so widely is enough to make me feel in heaven.

***

The worm glided out of my pussy a lot faster than it squirmed in. Half of its body is hanging between my legs now. I am on the verge of climax watching the writhing creature, wondering what it is going to do next. I want it to pump my pussy. I need it to make me cum!

"Are you not going to move?"

But the worm is doing nothing. It is just dangling there. Is it waiting for me to take the initiative? I have to do something to extinguish the fire in my body, so I am assuming that it is my turn to take action.

Without giving it much thought, I grabbed the creature and pulled it out of me a few centimeters, just enough to slip the thickest middle segment through my pussy lips. Then I shoved it back in, as deep as my clutching hand allowed. I repeated the motion a second time, then a third. The feeling is mind-blowing. I hope the neighbors can't hear my loud moans.

One minute later, I am jolting in climax. That is not stopping me, though. My hand is still in motion, back and forth, prolonging this wonderful orgasm for the longest time.

Once again, I wonder if I am going insane by doing this. Using a living, gigantic worm to masturbate was something unthinkable to me a couple of days ago. Now I just can't stop.

***

Oh God! I was pulling the worm out to shove it back in, when the section I was holding came off! My orgasm was cut short as I stare in panic at the severed segment hanging from my hand. Did I just kill it?! I was so aroused and excited that maybe I applied too much force.

"What have I done?! I broke it in half!!"

At this moment, I am realizing that this doesn't feel like I broke a toy. It feels like I am hurting a partner. Or maybe even a lover. It doesn't make much sense but the sensation is terrible.

These ugly thoughts were interrupted when the segment of the worm that is still inside of me, pulled itself deep into my womb. I moaned loudly and my eyes rolled back from the joyful sensation. This is giving me not only physical pleasure but it is also a clear indication that the broken worm is very much alive. I feel so happy and relieved.

More relaxed, I am trying to shove the cut-off segment back inside of me, hoping that it can fix itself by attaching to the other part, but when I let go, it just slips off me, falling to the floor. I am so disappointed. Maybe I didn't kill the worm but I definitely broke it in half and it is not rejoining. 

However, the severed worm is still moving at the bottom of the jacuzzi. It twitches slowly, calmly, showing no sort of pain or distress. That is a bit reassuring, and this arises another possibility. Maybe the worm broke deliberately. I know that normal earthworms can regenerate parts of their body when cut off. And this particular individual seemed to have two heads, one at each end. This is very interesting.

"Are you doing this on purpose?"

I picked up the worm to study it closely. It has a small opening at the center of its tip. Maybe it uses it to expel waste or to eat nutrients. Maybe for both. Who knows if this tip is the head or the tail. I am also noticing that the creature is abundantly secreting an oily substance all over its skin. It wasn't doing this when I had it in the container. The oil smells sweet and it clings to my fingers.

It smells wonderful.

I am beginning to feel tickles all over my hand. The same tickles I felt last night, after I injected myself. The same tickles that got me so aroused that I had to masturbate until dawn. This is boosting my curiosity.

***

The oil smells so good that I had to taste it. I extended my tongue and when it came in contact with the worm's skin, I felt a shock of pleasure that traveled directly to my brain. There is no doubt in my mind that the compound I tested on myself, has the same components that forms this oil.

There worm is reacting too. It is starting to wiggle within my fingers, trying to find some traction. It wants to move forward, into my mouth!

The worm didn't want to penetrate my pussy a few minutes ago, but now it wants to enter my mouth. I can't understand why, but I am letting it do it. In part because I am curios, and in part because it feels so alluring. If one segment is deep inside of my pussy, why not give the other segment a blow job.

I parted my lips and sucked a few centimeters of the worm. My pussy twitched hard. This feels so right; so arousing. Somehow, I know that if I keep doing this, I am going to reach another climax. My last orgasm had been interrupted. I need a new one fast. 

As soon as it got enough anchoring, the worm began squirming down my throat and I let go of it. It is moving with the same slow pace it did when it penetrated my pussy, back in the lab. Its wide girth is choking me, although it allows me to take short intakes of air as its body contorts. I feel temped to grab the creature and shove it all the way inside of me. Oddly enough, this feeling of asphyxiation only heightens my senses and increases my arousal even more.

My pussy is twitching frantically. I am getting closer to climax and I am not even touching myself. This is utterly amazing.

I am pretty much in shock as my orgasm explodes within me. I can feel the worm sliding down my esophagus, allowing me to breathe, but rather than taking a huge gasp of air, I am just staring into nothing, enjoying this haziness that is taking over my brain, preventing me to think; preventing me to do anything but shudder in bliss with no control of my body.

I am becoming addicted to this sensation of powerless surrender. But am I surrendering to this feeling? or am I surrendering to the worm, becoming a hopeless sex slave? My pussy is twitching so hard. My mind is going blank...

***

I spent the following hours sitting in the bathtub, reconsidering the whole point of my experiment. It is a difficult task, since the two worm segments are restless inside of me. They are making me cum every fifteen minutes without having to move a single muscle. 

The aphrodisiac effect of the worm's fluid is a given. I could make millions exploiting that. But there is a big possibility that instead of one, there are two worms growing inside of me. Each head developing a new tail, or another head! Maybe it is replicating itself. Which means that these creatures are made mostly of stem cells and my body is soaking in them from within. My original goal of finding a source to reduce or stop cellular aging is still on the right track.

For now, I just have to wait and see the evolution of my lovers... I mean, the worms.

***

I have spent the last five days in an orgasmic haze. I keep showing up at the laboratory, just to avoid any suspicion that I am doing this reckless experiment, but can't do anything productive. 

I am able to reach strong orgasms just by staying put in my chair. I have to turn my face away from the cameras every time I felt another climax sneaking up on me. On one occasion, a coworker show up to invite me to a party and she left five seconds before my eyes rolled back in utter bliss. I am playing a dangerous game in more ways than one.
