 Ina walked through the little town with a look of horror on her face. Everywhere she looked there were dead bodies lying around. The town was small with a few houses here and there and a Magic shop in the center. A meat market and a blacksmith shop were nearby as well. The straw roofs of the buildings were common in this era and region of the land of Yomolia. 

Yomolia was simply the name given to the seemingly massive land mass that was surrounded by water on all sides. The people knew it was large because it took months to travel from one shore to another. The time period in this dimension was that of the medieval days. Cannon powder was barely being discovered. The weapon of choice was the sword, the bow or the spear.

The land was peaceful most of the time. There were currently no wars between the three regions of Yomalia. This was why it was so puzzling to Ina that she had wondered into a village where everyone seemed to be dead. Not only were they dead but they had no visible wounds or signs of struggle. There were also no signs of children either. Ina prayed that whatever had killed all of these villagers, had perhaps spared the children. 

It was odd the way in which she found each dead body as well. All of the bodies she found were either naked, or the person had removed their pants and undergarments. 

She looked around the village. There didn't seem to be a single living person anywhere. She pulled her backpack off and set it on the ground. From out of it she pulled a small journal and opened it up to an empty page. She began to write.

Day 43

I have arrived in the village of Gioma. Once again no one is alive. Every last body I have found shows no signs of struggle or any kind of wounds. There is no sign what so ever of what has killed these poor people. This is the fifth village I have come across now. I have been tracking this abomination for far too long. If I do not catch up with it soon I fear it may grow too powerful for me to stop. I don't even know if I have the power to stop it as I am now.

She closed the journal and put it back in her backpack. She pondered the last thing she had written.

"What if I'm not strong enough to stop her?" she asked out loud.

Ina herself was an average height, 130 lb. woman. She was not very strong just as most Mages were not. Her slender body was suited more for using Magic to defeat her foes than trying to overpower them with force. The weather was warm so she was wearing a leather bustier that covered her C cup breasts and leather chaps that went down to just above her mid-thigh. 

Over these two garments she wore a chain mail top with rings that were large enough that you could see her olive skin beneath it. The armor covered her down to her elbows and hung down just below her breasts. Her strong, sturdy stomach was left bare to the world. Over her leather chaps she also wore a chain mail skirt that went down past her knees. 

On her body were various ornaments, tattoos and jewelry. Around her left ankle was a small chain with a green, spherical crystal clasped inside the mouth of a golden snake. Up her right leg was the tattoo of dragon, curling around her calf and ending with its head just above her knee. Her belly button was pierced with a charm that hung from a chain. The chain hung down to just above her waistline and on it was a star shaped ornament that clasped a blue diamond. Her stomach had various black markings tattooed across it that seemed to swirl around her belly button. They were a series of broken lines that looked almost like a circular maze across her tummy. 

She wore a necklace of silver that held a tear shaped diamond in between the cleavage of her breasts. A number of rings with various precious stones adorned her fingers. Sleeve tattoos ran from her shoulders to her forearms and had scenes from the battles Magi of her village had fought in the past. A giant wolf was being slain by a man that stood half as tall as the wolf's shoulder on her upper right bicep. 

A woman standing strong and with a powerful aura was on her lower right forearm. Finally a scene of a group of Magi fighting back a group of winged demons was pictured in great detail up and down her left arm. 

Her tattoos and jewelry were meant to amplify her Magical abilities while her outfit was meant to be light and functional. When she did fight she had to be able to move quickly. Yet her chain mail was strong enough and embedded with enough Magic to be able to take a hit or two before it was destroyed. 

Not everyone in Yomalia could use Magic. And those that could didn't seem to pass it down to their offspring either. It just sort of happened that a person would show certain signs of being a Mage. Often times they were sent away by their families to be trained by a master Mage. 

Village leaders knew how important it was to have their Magic born strong and ready to rise against a threat. Countless times a group of Magi had risen up to defend villages from marauders, wild beasts, elementals and even renegade Magi of their own training. 

Word of the strange slayings of entire villages began to sweep across the land and Ina's village of Horns Crossing near the Nina River had responded. Horns Crossing was known for producing some of the strongest Magi and Warriors in all the land. 

From an early age children were taught the way of the sword and the spear. The Magic born of the village were trained by the legendary Mage, Dauntless. Her skills with spells and Magical attacks were unmatched and turned out batch after batch of powerful Magi that were then dispatched across the land to help keep the peace.

This was Ina's first journey since she had completed Dauntless's training. She had been excited about venturing out on her own until she reached the first village and discovered the horror of what was being done. Now she surged onward with a new determination. She would find what was slaying the people of these villages, and she would put an end to it with her own hands. 

Ina walked over to one of the fallen villagers. It was a man of middle age. Like the other villagers he had removed his pants and lay there with his lower half exposed. Ina knelt down next to him and examined the ground around the man. She had never noticed it before but there seemed to be a red sort of liquid saturating the ground next to the man. 

As she touched some of the liquid to her hand she realized right away that it wasn't blood. 

The liquid upon touching her fingers seemed to glow bright red. It grew brighter and brighter until suddenly it was gone. Ina looked at her fingers in confusion. There wasn't a trace of the red liquid on her fingers at all. There was enough of the liquid pooled in front of the man to coat her entire hand in. 

Once again as soon as the liquid was on her skin it began to glow. This time the liquid reached an even grander intensity but once again it seemed to be disappearing off of her skin as it glowed. Ina stared at her hand as the last of the stuff vanished from her sight.

Ina stood up and looked around. She suddenly was aware that she felt as though she had just woken up. 

It wasn't that she was groggy or out of it, instead she felt as though she had gotten the best night sleep of her life. She looked around her wondering what it was that could have made her suddenly have this new found energy. She looked down at the man at her feet and then at the red liquid in front of him. Had the glowing red liquid on her hands had something to do with her sudden boost in energy? She decided to continue on her search for clues.

She was walking around the side of the Magic shop when she bumped headfirst into someone. Her hands rose up in front of her face and the person was instantly thrown backwards as if a powerful wind had just swept him off his feet.

She looked up to see it was a man now lying on his back in front of her. Two swords and an assortment of daggers lay sprawled out around him. He slowly began to get up but Ina rushed to his side and placed her foot on his chest. Her hands began to glow as she shouted "Don't move!"

The man underneath her raised his arms over his head in surrender. "Wait, wait." He said looking up at her.

"Are you the one killing all these people?" Ina demanded.

"If I was do you really think I would tell you?" The man said laughing slightly.

"You might if you knew that lying to me would only get you killed." Ina said trying to sound tough.

"Well perhaps if I told you I was from NewHarton and had been sent here to investigate the slayings as well, that keep you from killing me."

"Why is NewHarton sending their goons out here to investigate this new killer?" Ina said not letting her spell dissipate from her hands. In an instant she could set him on fire or crush him into the ground with another gust of wind if he tried anything.

"I could ask why Horns Crossing sent one of their wimpy Magicians to come looking for the same thing." The man said with defiance.

Ina didn't seem to have a shred of patience for nonsense. She simply stood up off of him and allowed her glowing hands to dispel back to a normal state. "This isn't a job for a warrior. Go home sword swinger. I have everything under control here." She glared at him as she said it.

The man slowly got to his feet. Now he lowered his brow and returned her serious gaze. "There is no proof that a warrior would be any less effective against this threat than some Mage. I'll leave you be but I refuse to not continue searching for what has slain these people."

"Just so long as you stay out of my way." Ina said. She turned so that he couldn't see her face. 

The truth was she wished she could have someone help her with the investigation but she really did fear for the life of the warrior. If he was from NewHarton than he was probably one of the most well trained swordsman she had crossed paths with. While Horns Crossing was known for its powerful Magi, NewHarton was known for its highly skilled warriors. The problem was Ina knew that this threat was something that used a powerful Magic. She just wasn't certain that a warrior would be able to fight against such a foe. 

"So I can't help you?" The man asked getting to his feet.

Ina turned back to look at him. The man wore a thick metal shoulder bracer on each arm. He too wore a shirt of chain mail but nothing on underneath it. She could see the power in his chest and curve of his muscles beneath the mail and her eyes traced down to the bulge in his breeches. Finally her eyes traced up to his face. He had large blue eyes and short curly brown hair. He was dreadfully handsome. She whirled around in order to keep herself focused. 

She had a job to do and she couldn't let herself be distracted by a lone warrior that could possibly be the most attractive man she had laid eyes on. She noticed that when she had looked at him he seemed to be taken in by her beauty as well.

"I'm sorry, it is best if you keep your distance from me." She said walking away from him. 

The man stood there watching her leave. She walked all the way to the edge of town where she took off her back pack again. She pulled out a small blanket and laid it out on the ground. The sun was going down and she would need to rest for the night. She pulled a larger tarp out of the pack and using some sticks she built a lean to over the top of her blanket. By the time the sun went down she had a fire going and watched the flames dance as she became more and more tired. The sudden boost of energy from the red liquid had obviously worn off. She closed her eyes and went to sleep.

She awakened in the middle of the night to the moon shining overhead. Her fire was nothing but embers. She looked around to see what had awakened her but she couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. Then she realized she could hear a faint voice whispering on the wind.

"I know you are following me." The voice seemed to say.

"Who are you? What do you want?" Ina asked out loud.

"Now that you have absorbed the life energy of a human just like I have, I can see you wherever you are." The voice continued to whisper.

"Then come get me!" Ina said throwing the blanket off of her.

"As you wish." The voice said.

Ina sat there for a long time waiting for some unknown attacker to descend on her. After nearly an hour of sitting in the darkness, she began to doubt that she was in any kind of danger. She pulled the blanket back over her and lay her head back down.

In the early hours of the morning long before the sun would come up Ina suddenly sat strait up. She felt as though she were completely exhausted even though she was certain she had gotten some sleep. She pushed the blanket to the side and sat there uncovered beneath her lean to.

She looked around her. She had built the lean to facing the village. From where she was sitting she could see a faint glow in the window of the blacksmith shop. She squinted her eyes in order to try and clear her vision. It certainly appeared that there was someone inside the shop now. 

She got up out of her shelter and began to walk towards the blacksmith shop. She was still wearing her armor and leather because she wanted to be ready in case she was attacked while she was sleeping.

She flung open the door to the blacksmith shop. There was no one inside but several candles were burning. The room seemed relatively well lit for the time of night it was. Ina stepped a few feet inside the shop and looked around.

"Hello?" She said. 

There was no answer. The shop was empty but the blacksmith's fire was lit underneath the kiln. Ina's brow furrowed with a questioning gaze. This town was empty. Why would the blacksmith's fire be burning? She walked towards the kiln hoping to search around it for clues. But as soon as she was ten feet from the door to the blacksmith shop it slammed shut behind her.

She whirled on her heels and tried to launch a blast of fire at the door but her hands didn't even begin to glow. She stood there in a perfect stance to launch the fire attack and yet no flames had flown from her palms. She looked down at her fingers in confusion but then her attention was drawn to the door of the blacksmith shop.

There dressed in a purple Mage outfit much like her own was another woman. She had long black hair and the same fit body of a Mage that Ina possessed. Her breasts were slightly smaller than Ina's and she looked a little shorter than Ina. The look on her face seemed to say that she was not here to offer Ina assistance.

"Who are you? What are you doing in this village?" Ina asked using the same tone she had on the warrior.

"I think your questions will be answered soon enough my fellow Magi." The woman said advancing towards Ina.

Ina held up her hands. "Don't come any closer. I'll..."

"You'll do nothing!" The other Mage cried. A wind spell blasted through the windows of the shop and hit Ina full in the chest. She fell backwards and landed on her bottom. Ina looked up in surprise. She hadn't even seen the spell coming. The Mage didn't even move her hands in order to cast it. It was as if the wind simply bent to her will.

The woman was on top of Ina now. She stood with one leg in-between Ina's thighs and the other by her left hip. Ina tried to move but the woman's hand came down in front of her face and seemed to hold her there on the ground.

A strange looking spell that looked like a tiny swirling vortex in the woman's palm began to twirl in front of Ina's face.

"You have been wanting to know how all of these people died. You have been following me on my journey to become the strongest Mage. I will show you how I did it. And then when I am done you will be dead too." The Mage said continuing to hold her hand in front of Ina's face.

Ina could feel herself getting tired. She wanted to resist but she found herself feeling content to just sit there in front of the other Mage. 

"Stand up for me." The other woman commanded.

Ina got to her feet. She didn't know why she was doing what this dark woman told her but she could not stop herself.

"With my more beautiful victims I like to remove all of their clothing. I want to see their bodies in their natural state. Those I want to finish quickly I simply have remove their lower garments so that I can complete my spell."

"What are you going to do to me?" Ina asked sounding afraid for the first time since she had begun her journey.

"You will see soon enough. Remove your clothing and armor."

Ina began to undress. She unclasped her chain mail from her shoulders and let it fall to the ground around her feet. She didn't know why her body seemed to be acting on it's own. She undid the mail around her waist next and it dropped with a tinkling noise as it fell on top of her chain mail shirt. 

Next she undid her leather bustier and dropped it to the ground as well. Her beautiful breasts bounced slightly as she took off the bra. She usually put on a woolen shirt any time she removed her bra and didn't like to have her breasts exposed, especially if someone else could see them. It had been a long time since anyone had seen her naked from the waist up. It had been even longer since she had gotten completely nude. 

She tried especially hard to keep from taking off her leather briefs. No matter how hard she tried to gain control of her arms they seemed to be moving all on their own as they unbuttoned her bottoms and slid them to the floor. Underneath her leather she wore a small pair of cotton panties. 

The Dark Mage was suddenly taken back by Ina's vulnerability. She had been pursued by this strong and powerful woman for over forty days now. She knew that Ina was after her and it had been difficult for her to stay ahead of her foe. Now she stood here in front of her completely under her spell. Part of her wished that dispatching the only threat to her rise to power would have been more challenging.

She looked at her almost naked opponent. Ina stood there motionless awaiting the next instruction. Her strong perky breasts stood surprisingly erect for their size. The Dark Magi's eyes trailed down Ina's curved waist to the top of her panty line. The bulge of her womanhood pressing against the front of her undergarment was large and prominent between her strong thighs making it look almost as if she was a man. Only the roundness of the bulge with the slight valley running down the very middle made it obvious that she was a woman.

"Take that off as well."

Ina bent and hooked her fingers into the fabric of the panties. She pulled them to the floor and stepped out of them. 

The Dark Magi's eyes stayed glued to the crotch of her pursuer. The cotton fabric had been hiding the largest, most full looking pussy lips she had ever seen on one of her victims. She knew it was illogical thinking but the Dark Mage couldn't believe that such a relentless and hard woman could have such a soft and beautiful vulva. 

Her body was surprisingly hairless below her waist. Ina had found early on in her training that a special twist on a white Magic spell could keep her pubic hair from growing too thick and unruly. She considered the spell an asset because having hair down there seemed to chafe and cause her discomfort against her briefs under the press of her armor. Only a tiny hint of fuzz adorned her soft, thick folds of skin between her legs. 

She stood there before the dark Mage naked and exposed.

"Undo this pathetic spell you have on me. If you had any honor you would fight me outright and cease this cowardly control spell." Ina said full of anger and hatred. Despite not having control of her body and limbs, she seemed to have control over her mouth and her mind.

"We are most certainly going to have to do something about that attitude my dear. Here, let me help you with your mood."
