 Maximillian Cornwallis swung the dull grey blade of his machete, cleaving a narrow path through the dense vines in his way. Though he had sharpened its edge the night before, every slice dulled the edge a fraction and made the next chopping motion incrementally more difficult. His right arm ached from the hours of strenuous effort, but he didn't trust his left hand's strength or coordination to not get his blade stuck with every third swipe. So he bit his lip through the pain and pushed forward, hoping with each minute that he'd reach some kind of clearing.

The jungle was oppressively hot and so humid he thought he might drown in the ambient moisture. Max had to pause every so often to wipe the sweat from his brow and his hands onto his khaki shirt and shorts, though since they were just as drenched, the action was proving to be progressively more futile. Even the lining of his beige helmet could no longer hold back the shower of sweat that stung at his eyes. He drained the last of his canteen before pressing on, hoping that he was close to a source of water to replenish himself enough to continue his brave pathfinding trip into the unknown.

Much like his mentors and idols of the Explorer's Guild, he ventured into the strange, wild countries of the world to cast the light of civilisation upon a savage land. But this wilderness, deep in the heart of the blank part on most maps of this continent, had a shroud of danger hanging over it. Explorers simply did not return from the Jungles of Amazonia. Even more puzzling is that there was no evidence of what had waylaid them. Camps were found abandoned, tools lodged in the trunks of trees without any owners for miles around. Had some manner of intelligent beast struck? A race of bloodthirsty brutes clubbed them to death? Had the trees come to life and just gobbled them up? He chuckled at that idea. Intelligent plants? Preposterous!

Max was a little anxious of the potential dangers that the unknown could hold, but he was an Explorer! And Explorers didn't shy away, even from the threat of death. His elan and drive were rewarded momentarily when his keen ear picked up the slightest hint of sound over the standard bird call and buzz of insects. It could only be the faint hint of rushing water! He gave a thorough 'Huzzah!', though it was quieter than he would have liked thanks to his parched throat, and hurried forward in the direction of the noise.

Desperate to find his way through, he switched to his left arm and hacked offhand. It was messy work, but he made progress in his journey. The roar of rushing water only intensified as he pushed forward. Eager to quench his thirst and perhaps take a long, refreshing bath, he sliced and bifurcated the local flora with renewed vigour.

At last, he caught sight of his goal. A mighty river lay before him, at least several feet deep and twice that wide. A torrent of frothy water rushed in an easterly direction, far too quickly to consider bathing in. But with the last of the trees out of his way, he dashed forward to taste of its clear, virgin bounty. He ground to a halt, however, when his eyes caught movement to his left.

The river was being fed by a twenty-foot tall waterfall, which momentarily allayed his fears. But he was absolutely shocked to see that the motion he had perceived was real. A woman standing at least a foot taller than Max was washing herself in the nude! 

"By Jove," Maximilian declared, "That is the largest woman I have ever seen!" She had her well-defined back towards him, allowing him to seek cover from being seen. Ever the gentleman, Max averted his gaze from falling upon her truly impressive posterior, nor did it linger too long on the curve of her quite generous breasts as she turned. His keen anthropologist's eye noticed more important details.

Her skin was tanned far in excess of his own pale white appearance, yet held none of the wrinkling or toughness that one would assume was mandatory for such colouration! The only imperfections, if one could call them as such, were the remarkable set of curling patterns of tattoos that rolled up her shoulders and along her arms. Her hair was a rich, dark colour and clung to her body all the way down to the small of her back. She wore no clothes at the moment, but he could not tell if that was just due to her bathing or due to a culture of casual nudity.

The presence of human life, and such an exquisite example of such, was a discovery of epic proportions! His heart raced as he thought of the potential accolades and awards he could win if he was the first to discover an entirely new civilisation. Or better yet, he thought with a greedy smile, the first person to make contact!

He slid his machete into its sheath, straightened up his apparel just a little bit in order to put his best appearance forward, and stepped out of the greenery with the confidence of a true member of the Explorer's Guild.

"Greetings!" he shouted, trying to compete with the noise of the flowing water, "Might I have a word with you?"

The large, naked beauty spun around like a feral animal, searching for the source of the sound. When her eyes fell upon Maximillian, she bounded out of the water and collected a spear! Max held out his hands, palms out, showing her he was unarmed...at the moment.

"Whoa now, madam. I mean you no harm," he said. The naked giantess stalked towards him, eyes narrowed, her spear gripped right and ready to thrust. He was forced to back up as he continued to try and defuse the situation. "My name is Maximillian Cornwallis, of the King's Own Explorers and Colonizers Guild. I come bearing salutations from His Most Esteemed Majesty, with the hopes of Peaceful Contact!"

The woman didn't seem in the mood for talking. She charged, letting out a guttural warrior's scream. Max was forced to pull out his machete once more, which put a halt to her advance.

"I don't wish to fight you!" Max declared, holding out his blade as if it was a stabbing weapon. "I simply come in peace to explore your lands, and, if possible, search for resources that might be of use to the Crown."

"Matters not," the woman declared in an intelligible if somewhat thick accent. "You male. You come with me."

"You...you speak English?" he asked, baffled.

She gave a shrug of her impressive shoulders. "Yes. Learn English okay, not best. Have difficulties with assigning personal pronouns and with pronunciation of some multisylabic words. Me not scholar, but me get by." She widened her stance into that of a wrestler, or someone about to tackle a bear to the ground. "Give up weapon. No want hurt."

"I don't want to hurt you either!" He lowered his arms to put the machete at his side. "I simply wish to discuss-"

When she attacked, it was almost without warning. With a viper's quickness, she leapt across the distance that remained between them, spear held out lengthwise. Her massive size made the impact from the wooden shaft feel like hitting a brick wall. It struck his breastbone, knocking the explorer down to the loamy earth. A foot stomped on his hand as he reached for his machete, leaving him totally defenceless.

"Unhand me, you brute!" he demanded. Instead, the beautiful but powerful woman dropped on top of him. Her arms pinned his to the ground, while her impressive weight kept his legs motionless aside from some futile wiggling. Her pendulous breasts jiggled obscenely, almost begging him to fondle or lick them. But he wouldn't dare stoop to such behaviour, no matter her forwardness!

The harsh kiss took Max by surprise. He instinctively fought against such sudden, intimate contact, but he felt an incredible warmth pass over his body. There was another sensation, like a pull on his very being that reached through his whole body. His arms and legs felt weaker, almost as if he'd run a marathon already, and his moves to resist were utterly futile. When she pulled back and broke off the kiss, he noticed her tattoos were glowing a bright blue colour.

"W-what is the meaning of this?" he asked, trying to regain feeling to his suddenly rubbery limbs.

"Me Sorceress of my Tribe. Tattoos give great power to drain men. Now drain you!"

His gut told him that he had to fight against her, so he gave it his all. Max was an Explorer, and thus quite the specimen of masculinity, if he did say so himself. And he did. A lot. But even with his toned physique and well-formed muscles, he was ill-equipped to handle the sheer ferocious strength of the Amazonian woman atop him. The effort became even less likely to succeed when she pressed a second, deeper kiss to him. The tattoos glowed once more, and he felt himself weaken with every second of her hot mouth pressed to his. Her tongue forced its way inside, brutalizing his cheeks and practically mouthfucking him into submission. By the time she broke for air, the urge to fight had been almost completely drained from him.

"What...what sorcery..." he stammered, looking down at his chest. His clothes had become loose on his body, allowing him to see how his chest had lost most of its muscle that he'd worked so hard to obtain. This barbarian she-devil was using magic to drain his very essence away!

But Max was determined not to be an easy mark for such beguiling tricks. When she moved in for another kiss, he tried to bite her! He gnashed his teeth like a feral dog, determined to keep his body intact. She growled, but looked largely unperturbed.

"Not drain through kiss? That's fine. Drain through other place instead."

It didn't take long to find out exactly what she meant. Her hands tugged at his shorts, and since his body had apparently shrunk, she was able to tug them and his underwear down in a single yanking motion. His manhood sat exposed to the air, which was mildly refreshing thanks to the sweaty environs that he had found himself in for the last several days. Strangely, he'd lost most of the body hair around his groin. In point of fact, most of his body hair, in general, had retreated. The only hair of note he could see were the few strands of blond locks that had appeared in the corners of his vision. How had his hair grown that long in only a few moments. What was happening to him?!

The large woman positioned her face next to his shaft. He could tell what was about to happen, even if she wasn't licking her lips. "You may call me Kali," his tormentor said. "And I own you now, little Maxi."

Her lips latched onto his limp cock, which was still a decent five inches when soft. He groaned, toes curling as the initial joy of receiving a blowjob filtered through his nervous system. Dimly he remembered that he should be hating this, that it was wrong. But for those first few moments, he didn't care.

Then that warm pulling sensation resumed. Max writhed in place, hand intermittently trying to push her off and hold her onto his groin. Her tattoos glowed once more, and he felt himself whither. His clothes became comically oversized for his body, his shirt almost like a blanket on top of him. His helmet, somehow still on his head, was pushed off by his growing bounty of golden blond hair. The noises he made went from deep and masculine to something cute and adorable as his voice raised to a point it hadn't reached since his testicles had descended. Even his nipples changed, growing into a pair of firm nubs that a distant part of him acknowledged would be perfect for tweaking.

Even as her infernal powers applied their will against him, she attended to his bodily needs. Her tongue slid along his sensitive underside, forcing him to vocalise his pleasure for her sick, twisted enjoyment. There was nothing submissive in her act. She was using him. Forcing him to experience such lurid joys that he would never want to leave. Wet slurping and popping noises filled the jungle air while her pretty head bobbed along his now full erection.

The last thing to depart was his once legendary sexual stamina. Maybe two or three minutes since the ordeal had begun and he was already squirming. His balls were tensing in on themselves, making clear his impending orgasm.

"Go ahead. Man no hold back," she said in an oddly comforting voice. "Me need to taste seed to make sure is potent. No use keeping me waiting."

He had no choice but to obey. His body shuddered, and with a high-pitched moan, he inseminated her mouth. Thick jets of spunk gushed against her cheeks and tongue, puffing the former out slightly with the sheer volume of release. Somehow, the magic had increased the volume of his ejaculations! Of course, Max was too busy rolling his eyes with mind-melting pleasure to notice such details. By the time he'd regained his senses, she'd swallowed the majority of his cream.

"Mmm...yes, this will do," she said after swishing and gurgling a sample. "Very fertile. Good job! Here, let me show you~" She moved up his body to kiss him once more. Still in a post-coital haze, he was taken by surprise as she forced a hard, open-mouthed kiss onto him. His own salty cum slid into his mouth, propelled by her powerful tongue. She didn't break the kiss until he, running out of breath, was forced to gulp down the vile payload. It didn't taste nearly as bad as he had assumed it would, but he wouldn't let her know that! He gagged and sputtered while she laughed at his expense, his masculinity utterly defiled in the most depraved way imaginable.

"You fiend," he said through a coughing fit. Even though his body had been diminished to some kind of minuscule, feminine parody of the male form, the true marker of his sex stood proudly in defiance of his transformation. With a strange sense of pride, he took comfort in that. His glistening length still reached an impressive seven inches. "Y-you'll never take that away, at least," he said, voice squeaking in its ridiculously high register. The giantess guffawed, wiping her mouth with her hand before letting the last of the collected cum slide into her mouth.

"Silly man. I no want your cock to shrink! Men are important for breeding, after all." The expression on his face must have given away his opinion on that subject, which in turn made her grin even wider.

"But...but we hardly know each other! How can we possibly be married, let alone have children!"

"No marriage. Only breed. Like turkey, or giant lizard monster. You relax, and give me lots of strong babies, okay?"

"Never!" he declared. But to his horror, his cock was still erect. His point of pride earlier now seemed horribly misplaced, as the malevolent face of Kali stared down at him like that of a predator sizing up a meal. Pulling his legs apart like he was a blushing bride, she lowered herself onto his shaft. Any attempts to flee from this debauchery were met with hard, irresistible force in the opposite direction from his tormentor. All he could do was mewl with distress as her pussy lips claimed his first few inches of erection.

It was quite literally the best sensation he had ever felt. Whether it was some part of the woman's infernal powers, or if he really did like getting bossed around like this, Max had no idea. All he knew was that the body slowly lowering down onto his was where he wanted to keep his cock for the rest of his days.

"Ahh, see? Much less whining now. All need to shut man up is to fuck him."

Max shook his head in defiance of his body's feelings. "You...you ogress! You immoral vixen of questionable virtue! Once I return to my true form, I'll show you what for. I'll- aah!~" She lifted his legs higher to cut him off, exposing his dick to the point that it was little more than a sex toy waiting for her use. Dropping herself until her pussy lips pressed against his hilt, he was once again left speechless by the pleasure. It had to be some secondary effect of her magic, it had to be! Otherwise, he would be enjoying being used like this far too much.

She was slow in her motions, but only so much as she was a methodical machine about it. Each time she forced herself down onto his vulnerable body made him feel totally helpless. His legs splayed out like some virgin girl on her wedding bed, he was trapped in her furnace of terrible bliss. The few times he tried to take some level of agency and hump back, she pressed him down into the ground hard. This was her act of carnality, and he was the helpless victim!

Kali's motions increased in pace, ever so slightly. Even though Max had had an orgasm mere minutes before, he could already feel another one building. He had to fight it! He couldn't give her what she wanted. He fought against hard-coded instincts, trying to keep his mind off the inevitable reality he was placed in. There was no escaping the pleasure he felt.

"Yessss," Kali purred, "Give me lots of seed. We make lots of babies, Maxi. Promise!"

"N-never!" was his response. "You'll never defeat me, harlot!"

She raised an eyebrow. "Oh? Well, what if I do this~" Her motions gained a twist as she rolled her hips with each cock-swallowing descent. Her pelvic muscles were like perfectly sculpted cum-extraction mechanisms, and Max was quivering with the effort to keep himself from losing his load.

"No..." Max said weakly. He was almost at his limit, and he knew it. Kali sealed the deal by taking his nipples between her fingers and twisting them gently. The sudden burst of sensation overcame his strength, and his control released.

He erupted. Shots of thick, fertile cream basted her insides and fulfilled his primal duty as seedgiver for this horny tyrant. She made circles with her hips, ensuring she got the most out of his orgasm. He, on the other hand, was quite beyond voluntary movement. He bucked upward, twitching in some lizard brain movements to complete his orgasm and ensure her pregnancy. As his ecstasy faded, he opened his eyes to see her still above him. His cock was still inside her. And most terrifying of all...he wasn't softening.

"That's...that's impossible!" he cried, but it was true. She wasn't done with him. Not by a long shot. Using her incredible internal muscles, she clenched and unclenched to almost roll her massaging internal walls along his shaft. He had returned to full mast in less than a minute, with only a touch of refractory soreness that had once marked his post-orgasmic state. It appeared that, as well as giving him a youthful appearance, it had rejuvenated his organ to youthful exuberance. He would be able to fire shot after shot inside her without any downtime, just like he'd been able to when first discovering himself as a young man!

Doomed to sexual service, he tried to survive his use as a captive inseminator with as much dignity as possible. That is to say, very little. Kali used his body vigourously, forcing lewd moans and whimpers to gush from him as he fruitlessly begged for mercy. She gave him none and milked him for all he was worth. He endured two more forced climaxes, bringing his total up to four. At that point, even his new youthful body was beginning to wilt. His cock tried to shrink, but the giantess leaned down and applied judicious oral affections to his sore organ. She dutifully gobbled up the mixture of their juices, even as she tongued his weary flesh. Returned to rigidity, she pinned him properly underneath her weight. He was forced deeper inside than he'd ever gone, and she gripped his shoulders hard to keep him still.

"This will be it," she gasped as she pounded him once more, "Man's last load for today. Give me all you have left!"

The way she was using him almost made him think like she was nearing a climax of her own. Not that he could offer much more than his sore shaft at this point. He wriggled and writhed under the immense pressure of each hip-rattling slam into the ground. He was half buried at this point from the sheer force of her impacts, leaving him even more vulnerable to her ferocious appetites. He could feel the last full measure of his virility manifest itself in his hips. His voice grew in pitch until he was practically squealing his need for release. And she gave it to him, hard.
