 Lilly

Getting ahold of the cow blood had been the trickiest part of the ritual thus far. It wasn't like you could just walk into the store and pick up a gallon. No, if you wanted cow blood, you had to ask for it special, and then everyone wanted to know why. And "I want to summon a demon" wasn't an acceptable answer. Not if you wanted to retain a reputation of sanity, and, not to mention, get your cow blood. 

The pentagram was already in place, the dark lines of it very red against the grass. All that remained was the intricate patterning of the runes. I bent down and started painting the first. 

"I want to avenge my mother" wasn't and acceptable answer either. Especially not when your mother's official cause of death was natural causes. And then when they asked about how, exactly, cow blood could help with avenging anything, that brought you back around to the whole summoning a demon thing, which led straight to calling the nice people in white coats, and, again, not getting your cow blood. 

With the runes half done, I checked the book on demonology. They all appeared to be correct, thus far. Mostly. I wiped out a small squiggle with a paper towel and redid it. 

Fortunately, instead of admitting that I needed the cow blood to paint a pentagram, summon a demon, and avenge my mother's death, I could lie. And the right lie, about needing it for a science project, to the right person, had gotten me my cow blood. 

And now I had finished using it to paint the pentagram and runes. All it would take was a little chanting in my birthday suit, and I would have my demon, and then, my revenge. I began to strip. 

It had all started when my Great Aunt Catherine had died. Though we had never been close, she left me everything, including, to my great surprise, several real books on magic. So I had begun my studies into the arcane. 

Nervous now that I was down to my underclothes, I slowly undid my bra. 

In a world largely devoid of magic, I'd learned to see auras. With the right gestures and magic words, I could move things without touching them. Small things, anyways. Like the TV remote. Now I'd skipped ahead a few, or possibly a few dozen, chapters, and was trying something much more difficult. 

Naked now, I stood and, resisting the urge to cover myself, began to chant. 

The official cause of death for my mother had been a heart attack. Only I had noticed the faint patina of black magic on the corpse. 

My mother's corpse. I angrily brushed a tear from my eye. 

For awhile, I had been to full of grief to care that my mother's death had been murder. Remembering those black months, I shivered, though, even without my clothes, the night was warm. The lack of caring, the numbness, had passed, however. And since, in a world that didn't believe, I couldn't go to the police...

Within the pentagram, an eldritch form began to coalesce. It was over six feet tall and dark green, and covered in bloodshot eyes and sharp toothed mouths and tentacles. I shuddered, suddenly wondering if this had really been a good idea...

And then, suddenly, a naked young man stood in the center of the pentagram. He was tall, with long, cotton-blond hair. Lithely muscular, with a smooth, open face, high cheekbones, and large, green eyes, he was the most beautiful man I had ever seen. And, at the same time- my eyes flicked down- very definitely male. 

He paced the edges of the pentagram, looking for a way out. There was none. I had made sure of that. Or I thought I had. My eyes flicked nervously over the runes at the edge of the pentagram. Then, almost of their own accord, they flicked back to his cock. 

It was, in some indefinable way, just as beautiful as the young man himself. It was also, other than a few anatomy book sketches, the first I had ever seen. The balls were round and full, the size of golf balls, just the right size for me to cup in the palm of my hand. My fist partially clenched. I could almost feel the delicious weight of him. The cock itself was long, about nine inches, and thick, as big around as my clenched fist at the widest part. It stood, proud and tall, against his belly. I could see a vein throbbing against its side. Parts of my anatomy which I had not previously given much thought quivered. I swallowed, and licked suddenly dry lips. 

"What do you wish of me, mistress?" 

The question startled me, and my eyes flicked up from his shapely cock to his beautiful, almost angelic face. "What?" I said.

"Mortal... You appear to have me trapped. What do you wish of me?" 

His voice was just as lovely as the rest of him, soft and smooth. I swallowed again as my hindbrain offered an explicit answer to his question. It took me a moment to collect my thoughts. 

"I... I wish to have you avenge my mother's death," I told him, my own voice sounding harsh as a nestling's squawk in comparision. 

"And, if I perform this task for you, what do you offer in return?" As he spoke, he leaned forward eagerly, the tip of his dick pressing into his taut muscles. 

I hesitated. This bit, the bargaining with the demon, had only been mentioned in passing in the short manual on demon summoning. What would the demon want? My soul? I was reluctant to offer that straight off. It felt too much like putting all my cards on the table immediately. However, I knew only one other thing the demon might want. 

"My magic," I responded. 

According to the manual, demons fed on magic. The used strong emotions, like pain, anger, and hate, to make it easier to access, and then they sucked it out like a human might suck the juice from an orange. Or, at least, that was what I had gathered from the chapter on demon feeding. The text was a little archaic and hard to read, even for me. 

The demon shook his head. "Not enough." 

I gathered my resolve, and offered my soul. 

He laughed. "Wrong kind of demon, love. I don't want your soul. Sweet of you to offer, though." His eyes glittered. "Tells me how desperate you really are." 

I wet my lips nervously. I hadn't anticipated that my soul might not be enough. "What do you want, then?"

His eyes weren't focused on my face anymore. They were fixed on something much lower down. I began to blush. 

"Your body," he said, not looking up. My insides quivered. 

I hesitated, and then replied, "Done." My body was a small price to pay for avenging my mother. Still, his choice of compensation was a bit unexpected. More than a bit, actually. No one had ever wanted my body before. 

The demon stretched, and then leaned against the invisible wall at the edge of the pentagram. "We have a deal. I, Estries, son of Saban, do pledge myself in service to you, in exchange for your magic, and," he said as he smirked, "Your body." 

I flipped through the pages of the manual until I found an appropriate response. Flustered as I was, I didn't realized until later that it was the wrong one. "I, Lilly Rose Flaxen, do accept this pledge. And I, in return, pledge my magic, and, umm, my body, until death do us part." 

The moon darkened... 

The earth shuddered... 

And then... 

I blinked. I didn't feel any different, and the demon still stood, naked and suavely smiling, in the center of the pentagram. "You can let me out now," he said. 

I gulped. If the ritual had worked, the demon was now bound to obey me. But how did I know it had worked? We couldn't keep standing here all night, and yet, could I really let him out? Was it really a smart idea? 

"Please, mistress. I'd like to put some clothes on," he begged, looking just a little bit pathetic as he tried to cover his enormous cock and balls. Funny, he hadn't looked the least bit embarrassed until now...

"Clothes sound like a good idea," I said as I wiped away one of the containing runes. He stepped out of the pentagram. "I'll put my own on, and then I'll find some for you." I reached down to pick up my blouse. 

He caught my wrist. "First, I think, we should... Consummate our new relationship. "

I looked up, startled. "Consummate? What do you mean- Mmmph!" 

Suddenly a long, smooth, dark green tentacle stretching out of the demon's back was wrapped around my head, sliding into my mouth. I tried to bite it, with no effect, and then clawed at it frantically, only to have my wrists caught by two more tentacles. 

The demon smiled beatifically as more tentacles reached out from behind him to ensnare me. "Consummate means exactly what you think it means, my sweet."

My arms were lashed to my sides, and my legs were bound together. I struggled frantically. 

The demon chuckled as he scooped me up in his arms. "No need to fight it, my pet. I'm not going to hurt you. Just... Make you cum a bit."

My eyes darted around helplessly, looking around for something, anything, to help me escape. I hadn't expected the demon to collect on his part of the bargain so soon, and I really, really hadn't expected him to do it like this. I couldn't move. I could barely breathe, cocooned as I was by tentacles. My heart pounded like it was trying to escape my chest. But down below, in the one spot free of tentacles, I felt... Hot. Damp. Quivery. 

My nipples were already erect in the chilly night. One of the tentacles grew a hand, and took a nipple between thumb and forefinger. Then, gently, it twisted. I whimpered. My cheeks flushed. 

The demon laughed. "I'm going to enjoy you immensely, little one." He took the other nipple in his tentacles. Squeezed. Twisted. I whimpered again. "And, trust me, you'll enjoy this too." 

I felt his enormous cock pressing against my back, rubbing against my spine. Then I thought of her own tiny hole. His cock was much, much too big. How could I possibly- 

I squeaked as the demon brushed a tentacle against my nearly hairless genitals. The demon's eyes glittered in the moonlight. "Already damp, I see. Let's see if I can improve that..." 

I watched, helpless and frightened, as he reached down there again. Two tentacles delicately pulled aside my labia, and one reached up under a fold of skin. 

I squealed at the sudden sensation. "I've got your pearl," the demon murmured, breath warm against my cheeks. I met his eyes, pleading. He laughed. The he frowned. "You're a virgin? I didn't expect..." The he smiled. "No matter. I'll just have to be gentle, is all." 

The tentacle against my clit started to rub, faster and faster, until it was almost vibrating against my sensitive button of flesh. I gritted my teeth as best I could and held in my reaction. I would not give him the satisfaction. 

But I couldn't control the warmth spreading up my belly, nor the wetness growing between my legs. Especially not when the demon started playing with my nipples again. 

If only I could speak. He was suppose to be bound to obey me, after all. If only I could scream. If only I wasn't gagged. Drool was running down my checks, mixing with the tears leaking from my eyes. 

The demon's gaze softened, and he bent to kiss my forehead, his dark hair brushing gently against my face. "I'm sorry about this, I truly am. Well..." he tweaked a nipple and grinned. "I'm mostly sorry, anyways. But I need your magic to stay in this plane of existence, and for that," he tweaked my other nipple, "I need sex. You should feel lucky I'm an incubus demon. Regular demons use pain to feed." I frowned. He was feeding? Like this? The book hadn't said... 

His tentacles felt up my entire body, exploring me, finding my sensitive spots, like the bit on my neck, and the spot behind my ear. Every spot they found soon began to grow hot as it was expertly manipulated. It was getting harder and harder to hold my reaction in. I was biting down on the tentacle in my mouth, hard, to keep from squealing. The sensation in my groin were getting intense as the tentacle against my clit vibrated faster and harder, driving me to my peak. 

A new sensation was growing inside me. At first, it felt like I needed to pee. The urge got worse, and then... And then...

I came. For the first time in my life, an orgasm, unmistakable, crashed through me, shattering my thoughts and stiffening my muscles in its wake. I screamed, the sound muffled by the gagging tentacle. Then it was over. Slowly, I came back to myself. 

The demon smiled, looking angelic, teeth perfect and white against the darkness of the night. His green eyes bored into my teary ones, looking into my very soul. "Time for the main event, I think." 

He lined up a tentacle with my pussy as the tentacles holding my labia spread them farther and farther apart. "You're a virgin, so this may hurt a little..." 

No, I wanted to scream. Not like this! Not like this! I whimpered as his tongue ran along the edge of my ear, and, between that and the sudden increase in clitoral sensation, almost missed the actual moment of penetration. Pain, and then pleasure spiked through me. I screamed and arced up against the tentacles restraining me. Slowly, ever so slowly, he eased his tentacle further in, making me shudder. It wiggled and writhed inside me, almost as if it were searching for something. 

I knew the instant it found my g- spot. The pleasure of it made me go cross-eyed, and the tentacle began to move in and out of me, rubbing up against my spot, first slowly and then faster and faster with a relentless power. I would have cried out, heedless of my captor, but the sheer sensation silenced me, limiting my vocalizations to short, breathless squeaks. I came again, helpless to resist the pleasure inside me. The flood of sensation was longer this time.

When, finally, I mastered the overwhelming pleasure and came back to myself, I glared up at the demon's angelic smile. He held a thin tentacle in front of my face. "This," he informed me, grinning, "Is going up your ass."

My eyes widened, and I shook my head frantically. "Mmmm- ummm! Mmmm- ummm!" 

He frowned, looking down at the tentacle. "You're right. It is a little small." Before my eyes, the tentacle expanded, going from the width of my finger to the width of one of his. "How's this?" 

"Mmmm- ummm! Mmmm- ummm!" 

He smiled."Still too small?" The tentacle widened further. "How about this?" 

I shook my head, eyes still wide with horror. 

"Well, I can't make it any bigger if it's going to fit in your virgin behind." He grinned. "Maybe I'll expand it once it's in there. How about that?" 

"Mmmm- ummm! Mmmm- ummm!" I shook my head. 

"Very well, if you insist." Two tentacles spread my butt cheeks. "Now this may sting a bit at first..." 

Slowly, he eased the tentacle into my ass. The initial sensations of pain faded quickly, and then it just felt... Strange. Stranger than the sensation against my clit. Stranger than, for the first time, having something in my pussy. Strange but oh so good. 

Gently, ever so gently, it eased into me, feeling places that were never suppose to be felt, stimulating what wasn't suppose to be stimulated. I closed my eyes and blushed, embarrassed to be enjoying something so... Intrusive. 

In my ass, the tentacle expanded, almost to the point of pain. I had never before felt so full, so stuffed, like a Thanksgiving turkey. There was no way, absolutely no way I could fit any more. 

The demon grinned. "Looks like you have a bit more room in there." The tentacle in my cunt began to expand. I moaned. 

Slowly, ever so slowly, the tentacle in my ass began to work in and out, in counterpoint to the one in my vagina. I felt the fleshy wall between them, thin and delicate, as they rubbed against it in their inexorable rhythm. 

The tentacle against my clit rubbed and buzzed. Around my nipples, tentacles tightened and twisted and tweaked, and the two tentacles inside me began to move faster and faster and faster. All over my body, but especially in my groin, sensations built and shifted until I could no longer bear the pleasure. I struggled to jerk away from the source of the sensation, but it only grew stronger. I moaned. No more, please, no more... 

I came for the third time in my life, screaming into the tentacle in my mouth, my whole body tensing, and then going limp. Tensing, and then going limp. The sensation ran up and down my body, making my eyes cross, making me whimper, making me drool. It was indescribable. 

It felt like an eternity that I was trapped like that, body arcing with pleasure, heart pounding, heat rushing up and down me, but, finally, it ended. But the demon wasn't done with me yet. He stimulated my now overly sensitive body until I couldn't bear it, until I could think of nothing except escape, and then, of nothing save the pleasure. I came again, and again, and again. I lost track of the number of orgasms. 

Finally, it was over. The demon's body still moved against me, and within me, making me quiver with weary pleasure, but my whole body feel limp. Used up. Finished. I only meant to close my eyes for a second, but, exhausted, I drifted off to sleep. 

Estries

As my new mistress fell into exhausted unconsciousness, I gently withdrew my tentacles from her ass and her pussy. Then I carefully examined the two holes for damage. 

There was some stretching, of course, but even as I watched the muscles were tightening. No tearing, but then, I had been careful about size. There was a little chafing, but only a little. Between her own natural juices and the stuff my tentacles secreted, there had been plenty of lubrication.

I changed the composition of my saliva, adding substances that soothed and promoted healing, and then gently licked the affected areas. Hopefully, by the time she woke up tomorrow, the chafed areas would be healed. She would be a bit sore from all the stretching, but there was nothing I could really do about that now. 

Delicately, I unwound my tentacles from her body, careful not to wake her. She had struggled quite a bit. I gently probed her body for bruises and chafing, applying saliva to each minor injury I found. 

Finally, with each small hurt carefully cataloged and dealt with, I was free to admire my new mistress. Lilly. I tasted the name, whispering it. "Lilly." The new center of my world. I would protect and serve her, as well as pleasure her and feed from her magic. 

She was plump and small breasted. A bit shorter than the average for women of this world. Her hands and feet were dainty and delicate, with long fingers and toes. Her face was beautifully innocent and trusting in sleep, with a light dusting of freckles. She had shoulder length, light brown, almost blond, hair and, I remembered, greenish brown eyes. Plump cheeks masked cheek bones, and a hard, sharp chin spoke of stubbornness, while a tiny nub of a nose and full lips disagreed. She stirred slightly as I watched, and then settled into deeper sleep. 

I knew I needed to let her rest for at least an hour, but, after that, should I wake her, and pleasure her again? No, I decided. The poor girl had had enough for one night. Besides, I had little desire to feed again so soon. We had plenty of time for that. The rest of her life, in fact. While it was possible for her to break the bond and dismiss me, it would be difficult, and she seemed to be poorly educated in the methods of dealing with demons. 

I wondered where her teacher was. If she even had one. I sensed no other wizards in the general vicinity, and she was poorly taught, so, perhaps, she was on her own. Unlikely, with her obvious inexperience, but possible. I would need to ask her in the morning. For now, though, I needed to get her cleaned off. 

Turning, I headed for the house that belonged to this fenced in yard. I would find her room, I would clean her off, and then I would put her to bed.