 Chapter One- Good morning, my lady

From its perch high in the sky, the blazing sun bought colour down onto all. The birds sung the sweet song of a Saturday morning and the neighbour was kind enough not to mow his lawn at the crack of dawn. None of that mattered, of course, because the Ainsworth family kept their blinds closed until mid morning. 

Quinnvile drifted into consciousness and took a slow account of himself. Wrapped in his embrace was a woman he had all but fallen in love with. Much to his devilish delight, he seemed to be latched to her back more than hugging her in any significant way. Her breasts felt soft and full in his hands, affirming he was right where he had been last night, when the two had finally passed out. A small thrust forward and his member, alive and hard the moment he woke, gave her uterus a friendly good morning kiss. 

His second favorite appendage, or appendages if the mood struck them, was filling her ass quite comfortably. Becky's moans had acted as his only instruction in finding the right size for her tight little hole. The lone tentacle spawning from Quin's back had throbbed and writhed all night; morphing to the highs and lows of her moans until it was just the size that made her scream in all the right ways. 

The only part of him left unused, aside from the couple dozen or so tentacles stored within in his body, was his beloved tongue. Always a pleaser, yet somehow left forgotten in his mouth. That simply wouldn't do. Out it emerged from its toothy cave, hot and thick, like a serpent on the prowl. Ever so slightly he lifted Becky's bosom, sliding his tongue over her into the her cleavage. Her tits moved with the gentle flow of his tongue, wobbling every time he dipped deeper into her cleavage.

The ritual wasn't exactly necessary or even all that practical, but Quinn wasn't one to let opportunity pass him by. To an cubi, few things tasted sweeter than a job well done, and her warm busty body gave him a review sweeter than words. Becky was a veritable meal of satisfaction, marring nicely with the wonderful aftertaste of sweet sexual release that followed a long week. The young incubus wanted more. From her cleavage, his eagerness led him to exposed flesh. Like a slithering snake he moved over her, sliding his tongue over her generous breasts and lapping up all her body had to offer. Admittedly, there was little to be savored, but just as much to be enjoyed. Besides, what kind of servant would he be if he didn't at least check? After a needlessly thorough licking, he withdrew his tongue to savor taste once more. She was, by all accounts, delicious. 

"Hhmmm. Quinn?" 

It was no surprise that Becky had begun to stir. Although his movements were gentle, delicate as an artist's brush strokes, he had still essentially fucked her tits with his tongue.

"Yes?" he returned, feigning the innocence of a child caught in the act.

Becky could feel her lover pressing hard against her. His cock throbbed deep inside of her, slowly gliding in and out, kissing her womb with each stroke. Buried in her ass was a tentacle Quinn had so lovingly moulded to sate her wild desires of being taken from both sides. 

"I'm still a little worn out. Maybe later?"

It took all of her will to commit to such a sentence. Her body was equal parts relieved and disappointed to feel him leave. Her usual fiery lust was failing to ignite, still attempting to recover from the borderline mind destroying night she had ridden out last night. She had found a whole new love for Saturdays when Quinn first arrived on her doorstep. Every inch of him designed and ready to please every inch of her.

"Understood." The natural aura of lust he emitted was reigned back under control, replaced with a spell of restfulness instead. "Sleep, my lady. I shall attend to you when next you need me." 

The tendrils of sleep had her now, which left a rather sex-hungry Quinn in charge of his own temptations. Much as it pained him to do so, almost literally in the case of his erection, he put his lust aside and decided on a nice breakfast to wake her instead. Planting a single kiss to her forehead, he whisked away to the kitchen. Before he could apply his culinary craft, he noticed the faintest sound of a television playing down the other end of the house. 

Quinn smiled to himself, knowing just who the culprit had to be. His 'kiss the cubi' apron was dramatically cast aside and he quietly made his way down the hall. There were three more bedrooms down this end of the house, and he was proud to say none of them were his. Behind door number one was the disheveled world of Quinn's favorite shut-in. 

Belle's room was in its usual state of disarray. Her clothes were everywhere, hanging over the bed frame, piled up on the computer chair, and a bra had somehow found its way atop a lazily spinning fan. Her DVDs were in unsorted pile too, telling him that she'd had a very different kind of long night. Blinds closed, the only source of light buzzed off the small tv mounted to the wall. Quinn acted fast to have everything in semi-proper order. Belle never allowed him to clean her mess, too embarrassed by her own habits to open the door to him unless her room was spotless. 

The first time he had caught her like this, it was quite the culture shock. The young incubus never had much in the way of possessions himself, just a few knick knacks he kept in a bag and a hodgepodge of favored memories from nights since passed. 

With her clothes were tossed to the hamper and the cases organized into two blu-rays and DVDs, there was still the small matter of Belle herself. She had bundled herself up in a blanket and fallen asleep in the centre of her bed, hair tangled around a set of headphones still plugged into her mobile phone.

For a servant such as he, this was no problem. 

Quinn's deft hands making fast work of untangling the whole mess, leaving her devices by her bedside to charge. It was untucking the first layer of her blanket cocoon that quickly proved to be a mistake. The intoxicating scent of Belle's lust struck a mighty right hook to his senses, and sent his self-restraint reeling.

For a servant such as he, this presented a 'small' problem.

He tried to shake the temptation from his head, but couldn't. He breathing her in, letting the smell linger and deducing what sort of horny chemical cocktail he was inhaling. An educated guess, she had been watching hentai again, and another whiff of her body confirmed it. She had a particular smell about her whenever she spent the night dipping her fingers into her honey pot. A specific kind of lust fueled by fantasy and a suppressed desire to go find the in-house incubus to whip her fetishes back under control. 

Peeling away the last of the blanket, he exposed Belle's naked form to the dim light of the television. Her hair was a mess over her eyes, and every hot breath accentuated all of her curves. Typically hidden behind baggy clothing, her big beautiful body was an under appreciated work of art. Quinn was one of the rare few who had the chance to enjoy the girl beneath the outfit, a luxury even mama Ainsworth had lost. She was an introverted creature with some very strong needs, but too much of a timid nature to indulge them without prompting. As the heat escaped her cocoon, she gave a small yawn and rubbed her eyes, staring back at him for a slow minute. 

"Good morning, my lady." 

In her moment of sudden realisation, slow as it was adorable, she felt the hair brushed from her face and a soft, intimate kiss planted on her lips. He was hungry, she knew; ravenous, for her, her body and her love. She threw her arms around him and continued the kiss, pulling him down into her embrace. The mere touch of his skin on hers warmed her right up, spread through her the rawest taste of carnal energies. She closed her eyes as his serpentine tongue slipped into her mouth. Now thin and dexterous, it slithered around hers like a snake entrapping its prey. He massaged her tongue, squeezing and stroking as she ran her fingers through his hair. The feeling of his cock rubbing against her entrance had her wet and wanting. She opened her legs expectantly, fully ready to give herself over to him, only for the cruel incubus to break the kiss. The look of desire in her eyes couldn't have been more obvious. 

His descent down her ample body began at the nape of her neck, planting kisses and dragging the his tongue to her breasts. Quinvile's devious hands slipped over her taut nipples and cupped her bosom as he gleefully nestled his face into the valley of her cleavage. He tapped playfully at her breasts, smiling at the ripples he sent through her feminine flesh. She was always a little bashful at first, blushing at the way he made her body move while peeking through her hands. 

A Quinn's nimble fingers smoothed over the supple flesh the her tummy, travelling up her breasts and pinching her nipples. Belle couldn't help but murmur softly under his touch. He pulled her nipple up, letting the weight of her breast dance and sway while his hot moist tongue slivered about her rapidly cooling body. She was struggling against the desire to moan when the hot mouth muscle travelled from the bottom of her tit to her nipple once more. Quinn curled his tongue around her bosom, squeezing until her pale flesh was spilling through his grip.

She uncovered her eyes when the slimey hold had started to expand completely over her breast, lost beneath the curling python that was Quinn's growing tongue. The incubus was showing off now. He couldn't help himself. He had been deprived of breakfast and was getting rather eager to fill his devilish appetite. 

He released her breast from his tonguey grasp, letting her flesh fall and bounce, and set a torturously slow course for her nethers. His tongue had a wet welcoming, Belle just as eager for his arrival, if not moreso. Quinn parted her lips with his thumbs and slithered his mouth snake deep into her hot pussy. His arms slinked underneath and around her legs, giving him all the hold he needed to nestle his face into pussy and hold her steady. She quivered in delight at the unearthly pleasure moving through her. A world of sensations firing off the deeper he pushed, writhing and whirling all throughout her pussy. The fun was far from one-sided, Quinn's rigid cock was grinding on the bed, smearing his precum into her bedsheets. Given the hot moist loving of an Incubus after being left so unsatisfied, the taste of her pussy was driving him wild. 

He locked her jerking legs down in his grip, grabbing two handfuls of her fat jiggly ass as she continued to shudder and squeal. Belle's walls quickly tightened around him, making it increasingly difficult to not just lick her over the edge. his lips encompassed hers completely. He couldn't move any closer if he tried, and boy did he try. He could, however, use a little technique. The tip of Quin's tongue doubled back to toy with her clit while the other inches danced against her walls. His hands kneaded and grabbed at her butt cheeks, searching to further his hold on her anyway he could. He massaged her all around her clit, moving in gentle circles and pressing only as hard as she moaned for. Belle's hands combed through his short black hair, holding his face down between legs. Had his hands not been gripped around her legs, she would have wrapped around his head and never let go. God knows he never would have left. 

A moan escaped her, peaking Quinn's appetite. Belle slapped her hands to her mouth to try and stop indecent noises she couldn't keep from making, fearful of waking the whole house with such indecent noises. She fought back the song of pleasure, hearing only the slimy wet sounds of Quinn savouring her body, so utterly lost in her sex he could scarcely breath. The incubus carried on for minutes more before noticing the lack of vocal ambiance to accompany his meal. His slick heavenly mouth muscle slowly withdrew from her pussy, and the incubus looked almost offended that his lover's delightfully delectable moans were being stifled. 

A renewed sense of excitement burned within her as she watched him crawl his way over her, tongue still lolling from his mouth and dripping with her juices, mount her chest and cage her between his powerful legs. He clasped a fleshy globe in each hand, squeezing and kneading a little more aggressively than 'playful' would describe. Quinn circled her nipple with his tongue, sucking and licking, and threatened to drag another moan out of her with a tiny nip. A short cry found its way past her hands instead, adding to Quinn's lust fueled energy. He shuffled his way up her chest, settling his knees just under her arms, and pressed the entirety of his burning length to her chest. He glided his cock along her body, filling the gap between her cleavage and breathing like a hungry predator. The heat radiating from him made her long to feel him shoot his load. Belle waited excitedly, following each the pulse of each throb travel all the way up his cock and cease at her mouth. Quinn's tongue snaked around her breasts and squishing them together tightly to smother his expectant member in her pillowy bosom. He eased in until his abdomen pressed against her tits. 

Belle licked the salty globs from his head, and made a show of swallowing deeply. She exhaled a hot breath onto his manhood, and stuck her tongue out ready for more. The bulging flesh of her breasts jiggled at the swift collision of his thrust, shaking defiantly against his constructive tongue. She closed her luscious lips around him, fitting as much of him into her mouth as she could take. His manhood rested on her tongue, filling her mouth with the slick salty taste of cock and cum. She stared at him with eyes full of confidence, her timidness forgotten as her tongue began working his shaft. All his power as a demon of lust rested within her mouth, and she knew it. Belle sucked the salty goo from him, swirling her tongue around, cum smearing the roof of her mouth. The ebbing pressure of her soft tits kept him thrusting deeper into her mouth, chasing the hot pleasure of her tongue. 

Quinn fought to remain in control. He wouldn't allow himself to cum first, it would defy tradition if he did, but that seemed to be Belle's aim. It took several drawn out breathes for Quinn to find the control he needed. Belle's surprisingly skilled tongue knew how to him under her spell. With a audible pop, he freed himself of her captivating mouth and attempted to take command of her loins. 

His swollen cock glided along her soft tummy, further pushing him to the brink of a shameful climax. As if he could somehow reverse the pleasure done, he thrust forward, mistakenly shoving his cockhead into her belly button and sending a tingling jolt through shot through them both. The sudden and strange pleasure seized his heated desires by the throat, demanding Quinn thrust again and his member was not one be argued with. He humped into her jiggling tummy without reservation, probing her navel with every other blind thrust. Static jolts of forced an unfamiliar pleasure her. His lady squeaked, yelped and eeped as he humped and grinding his entire shaft into her lovely chubby tummy, drowned out by the harsh meaty slaps of their colliding bodies. 

Rhyme and reason had given up on his his frantic actions. Through sheer instinct Quinn kept a tempo with his hips crashing against her bouncing body, blindly fucking whatever he could press hard enough against. Belle didn't stand a chance, victim of his sex crazed frenzy and his all encompassing mindset. 

Dipping one last time into her poor defenceless navel, the peculiar pleasure pushed her to orgasm. Belle's hands abandoned her stiff nipples and reached out for Quinn, smothering his head into tits. A sharp cry filled his ears, and a blast of confused delight made its way through them both. He followed her lead, grabbing two handfuls of her plump tummy as her climax roared through him just as hard. He couldn't hold back if he wanted to. The hot seed coursing through his cock coated her stomach in warm sticky goo and filled her button. Quinn collapsed on top of his chubby love, squelching his cum coating between the both of them. He shuddered, cock twitching and breathing slow, as the waves of pleasure delivered them the manic seas of lust and marooned them on the humdrum shores of sensibility.

Mulling around his recuperating mind was the moral code of a cubi, shaken free by the climax and berating him for being so weak. As a creature of lust, bestowed with the powers of unearthly pleasure, Quinn could do better. He knew he could. Shaking off his regret, he vowed to do just that. 

Without his notice, his tongue was already lapping at her pussy, sliding along her sodden slit and licking her clean. Recomposing himself, Quinn's tongue was put to rest. He put his lips put to her body instead and showered her in kisses. There was to be no mercy of an afterglow. Cute and receptive as may have been to his new determination, she was all clearly teased out. The look in her eyes put him back on his path of domination

Wordlessly, Quinn took her by the wrists and pinned her to the bed. Her eyes shot open, revealing her contained excitement as his legs spread her wide, and caught her thighs on hips. Quinn plunged his cock into her teased ripe pussy, pushed his dripping tongue into her mouth, and rammed his cock into her molten core. Round two had begun, and a hot slap of their bodies was her only warning. Her body welcomed him warmly, her silky walls contracting around his still swollen member. Quinn's movements were slow, yet devastating. He grabbed at her cum covered love handles and pulled her into his rhythm. The resounding sound of his flesh meeting hers smacked about the bedroom. 

The incubus was a relentless beast on all fours, pounding her pussy with her legs high in the air, rolling her plump body with every thrust. Her breasts bounced with every slap, and her stomach jiggled under the pressing weight of her legs. Belle's mind was reveling in familiar pleasures. Delighting in the feeling of his cock gliding so effortlessly into her needy pussy. She could feel the cum oozing down her chest, and grew eager for another load of his sticky love. Between the collision of their gooey bodies, Quinn had caged her flailing legs between his arms, resting her flailing limbs over his shoulders and inching her ass into the air. His hips slapped against her ass and cock delving even deeper into her velvety walls. Quinn slammed Belle's snatch full, the thick cum trickling down his body and trickling out of her created a web of sticky strings between their bodies. 

Quinn wasn't done yet. Withing within his body was a hive of good times just begging to be released. Quinn offered only a coy smile and a perverted delight took over Belle as ropes of inky black tentacles emerged from his back. They flowed like a snake charmer's pets, mesmerizing her into a sense of excitement, before snapping towards her and coiling around her thighs. They continued to slither over her body, squeezing around her breasts, tummy and arms, binding her right up. 

Whatever control she may of had was gleefully surrendered over to the incubus. She loved this part just almost as he did. 

Finally, Quinn pounding her helpless pussy like the sex demon he was, giving Belle the fucking she had craved all night and long into the morning. Anything not fucking her was forgotten in the haze of cock and tendrils. 

Quinn could practically pluck her moans from the air, taste them like honey buttered toast. They filled him almost as much as he filled her, but it wasn't enough for the greedy little incubus. His wandering hands, free to roam, played with her round pale body bringing down the odds slap to her exposed buttox. This was it. She wouldn't be able to keep it together for much longer. Quinn would fight on until he had extorted a screaming confession of pleasure and possibly every last ounce of sex drive she had in her. Quinn brought his cock down like a demonic blacksmith to a fleshy anvil. 
