 "Captain?" Amanda heard whispered to her softly as conscious thoughts slowly returned to her. 

"Captain, it's time to wake up." She heard whispered to her again, her heavy eyes slowly beginning to flicker open. The voice was masculine and soothing with an attractive youthful quality to it. As much as she had always hated the process of waking up, she knew that there was no voice better suited to help her do so. 

Amanda groaned softly, her head still heavy and swimming in a semi-conscious state. She began to move her head and limbs ever so slightly, feeling the tight, yet comfortable fabric of her form-fitting jumpsuit as it wrapped snugly around her skin. 

"Alan?" Amanda called out to the voice laboriously, still slowly gaining control of her body again as she tried to move and felt the soft padding underneath her that she had been lying on against her back. 

"Yes Captain." The voice replied, the sounds of humming machinery and working computers now filling Amanda's ears as well. "Please, do not struggle too much. Allow your body to adjust to being awake again. You were in suspended animation for quite some time. I imagine your head must feel as heavy as a ton of bricks."

"It does." Amanda groaned, one of her hands slowly moving up to grasp her forehead, her fingers tangling in her strait blonde hair that was cut to be her shoulder length. Amanda's movements slowly became more deliberate. Soon her sharp blue eyes were able to open fully and she could observe her location once again. Though she knew full well where she was and why, as she looked at her surroundings she felt as if she was seeing them for the first time. 

She was lying in a piece of machinery, a stasis pod made for people going on long journeys through space. Though she knew the mechanics of her actual spacecraft inside and out, knowledge of the workings of stasis pods had never been part of her training. There were mechanisms, buttons and controls all around her that even she could not possibly guess the use for. Thankfully, Alan was there to take care of that for her. There was also a rounded sheet of Plexiglas above Amanda, allowing her to see outside of her chamber and into the ship, though from her current angle all she could make out was the roof of the cramped ship's cockpit that contained the pod she was in. 

"Relax. Amanda, listen to me." The soothing male voice continued, coming from unseen speakers inside the chamber itself. "Just allow yourself to slowly awaken; there is no need to force it. Now tell me: How are you feeling? Do you have any nausea? A headache?"

As Alan asked these questions, Amanda half expected to see a young man standing outside of her chamber and speaking to her. She looked, but there was no one there, and then she remembered why not. 'He's still so lifelike.' Amanda thought to herself. 

Alan was an advanced artificial intelligence. An entity programmed and installed into spacecraft such as hers for two distinct purposes. Firstly, not having the need to eat or sleep, Alan could perform rudimentary tasks and corrections while the ship was on auto-pilot and Amanda was in suspended animation, something she had to do so the ship could conserve food, water and oxygen. Secondly, Alan was there to keep her company. This was a solo mission Amanda had been sent on, and the value of a friendly companion that she could talk to on the long voyage could not be overstated. His specific model had been programmed to be very personable, much more so than other A.I. floating around on the market. Or, at least, that is what Amanda's superiors had told her.

"No Alan, I'm fine. Or at least, I will be." Amanda said in response, still taking a moment to gather herself before attempting any fully deliberate movement's. Alan's scanners could see Amanda from every angle as he closely monitored her vital signs, just as he had been doing the entire trip. She was a very healthy woman. That much he could definitely tell, and by human standards she was beautiful, especially being only a young woman of 24. Amanda's blonde hair and piercing blue eyes were very eye-catching, and they perfectly complimented her slim, pretty face and soft pink lips. Her standard issue blue and white space suit fit snugly around her alluring body. Slim and fit, with a healthy amount of muscle as well as wide hips, long legs, pale, creamy skin, a firm, round ass and perky C cup breasts. 

"I'm very glad to hear that." Alan replied back. "Please, try to sit up whenever you're ready. And good morning, Captain Amanda Vyner."

Alan speaking her full name sparked memories in Amanda's mind. As she lay still in her pod, she thought for a moment about the path behind her. She had finally done it. After years of intense studying at the earth planetary academy and training to prepare her body for space, she had finally been awarded the title of Space Captain. Captain Amanda Vyner. She liked the sound of it when she said it to herself. Even more so when she heard it said by others. Her first mission, this mission, had its dangers, but she wasn't worried in the slightest. She was well prepared for anything and had taken several of her own precautions in addition to regulation ones in case of an emergency, even stocking up on extra weapons, paid for out of her own pocket, for when she reached her destination. 

Right now, however, she had to wake herself up. She sat up slowly, yawning loudly as her eyes scanned her tiny chambers. 

"Good morning to you too, Alan." She murmured sleepily, smiling brightly despite her slightly rumpled demeanor. She was bright-eyed, just not as bushy-tailed as she would like to be, especially due to the fact that she always felt inclined to repay Alan for his incredible caring and politeness with that of her own. She rubbed her eyes and smiled cheerfully at the empty space outside of her chamber, knowing Alan could see her. "Is it time for my physical assessment already? You said you would wake me up for that when we were about half way there, yes?" Amanda asked, stretching her tired and aching limbs a little. She wanted to get up and run around, but the ship wasn't big enough for that. Plus, there was no oxygen anywhere in ship except in her chamber at the moment; all of it had taken out when she went under in order to conserve it. It was slightly annoying as right now, she had energy to burn.

"Indeed. You remember well." Alan remarked back, his soothing voice again filling Amanda's chamber. "It must be nice to get so much beauty sleep. Am I right? Not that you need much of that to begin with." Alan added. Amanda could hear the flirtatiousness in his voice, this all being part of his personable A.I. model. Just then, holographic images began appearing on the glass of Amanda's chamber above her for her to see. They showed charts, numbers and statistics for the small craft she was on, the name of it appearing in the bottom right corner of the projection: "U.S.S Libentia." 

"Well, as you can see we are making excellent time on our voyage and should be there a week ahead of schedule provided no unforeseen crisis occurs. Now, do you feel awake enough to begin your assessment, Captain?" Alan asked, patiently awaiting Amanda's response as her eyes diligently scanned over the material presented to her, making sure for herself that there were no errors or discrepancies. 

Amanda had to admit, Alan did have a rather pleasant, comforting voice. If asked, she would likely also describe it as being quite sexy. She enjoyed hearing him speak. She had thought previously about perhaps having Alan read to her sometime, but the mission and regulations came first, of course. Regarding his rather flirtatious comment, she just giggled. She was used to those sorts of comments in her life from peers, but she couldn't help but especially like it when they came from him. 

"Oh, you trying to butter up your Captain now?" Alana quipped as she continued to scan the projections. Amanda heard Alan laugh in reply, though the sound of his laughter was more oddly robotic than anything else he ever vocalized. 

"Well, you DO have to right a review of how helpful I was when we get back to earth so... Yeah, I think it can't hurt." He said back. Amanda grinned from ear to ear when she had finished looking over the charts Alan had showed her, finding everything to be more than in order. Alan had done a good job, naturally. 

"Good! Good! I'm glad we're ahead of schedule." Amanda said proudly, puffing out her chest. "Right, yes. Let's get on with this assessment, Alan. Remind me. How exactly does it work again? I don't actually remember reading about this at any point in my training." 

After she had asked this, suddenly, tiny lights began to appear from all around Amanda inside the chamber. They all focused on Amanda herself as Alan began to explain. 

"Well, it's very simple, Captain, just lie back and do as I instruct. Firstly, I need you to simply stretch and flex as many muscles as you can. The more you do, the more accurate my readings will be." After saying this, the lights began to move around, thoroughly scanning every last cell of Amanda's body as Alan saw Amanda through them, looking her up and down.

Amanda nodded in compliance with Alan's instructions. She laid back down onto the soft, comfortable padding, the heaviness of her head having now mostly receded, and flexed as many muscles as she could, releasing, then repeating the process. Admittedly, she thought the light show was rather cool, and she was enjoying the scan. She stretched out her arms and legs, groaning as she heard a few cracks and pops from her stiff joints. She felt as though she needed to work out. Her body missed the strain, she could feel it. 

"Am I doing it right Alan?" Amanda asked, still stretching and occasionally flexing while the lights scanned her athletic body though her tight clothing.

"Lie back, Captain. Really stretch your body out." Alan continued in his pleasant, sexy voice. Amanda obeyed and placed her arms above her head, arching her back and pushing her chest into the air as she groaned heavily and tried to stretch every limb as far as it could go. Finally, she stopped and let out a relieved breath as her limbs collapsed back down on the padded floor. "It has been weeks since you've moved at all. It's perfectly normal to feel stiff." said Alan. The scanners took in every inch of Amanda's young alluring form, data pouring into Alan's systems all the while. After a little while longer, the lights retracted back into the walls of the pod and Alan concluded by saying "Very good, Captain. You seem to be in perfect health. This bodes well for our journey, though I think anyone can tell by looking at you that you're a very healthy woman." Alan spoke in his flirtatious tone once again, coaxing another snicker from Amanda. She really liked hearing him flirt. It made her feel much less alone in this small, cramped ship. 

"Now comes the second part." Alan continued. "I, uh, take it you didn't read about this one either? That's too bad because this is the part where I evaluate your..." Alan paused for a moment. "Sexual health." he finished. Upon hearing this, Amanda's eyebrows lifted and her eyes slightly widened. 

"Oh? I didn't know you'd be evaluating that." She replied nervously as the thought sunk in, her cheeks reddening ever so slightly. The thought did not disgust her. At least, the thought of doing something sexual in presence of Alan did not. She liked him, even if he was only a disembodied voice. However, she did find the idea quite odd. As she thought about it more and more, some dots in her mind began to connect and she looked up through the glass with a newly found smirk on her face. "Is that why you've been flirting with me? Trying to, get me in the mood?" Amanda teased, crossing her arms over her chest. She almost couldn't believe she was now teasing her A.I. back, but she already found it quite fun. Alan laughed again when she asked this, though this time a bit more nervously. 

"No, but again, that certainly doesn't hurt. I guess it depends on if my flirting is working on you, Captain. Or perhaps I should call you Amanda from this point on?" Alan didn't give Amanda time to respond though; quickly shaking off this new subject and getting back on track to the important one at hand. Alan continued to explain. 

"In order to maintain good physical and mental health on a long voyage like this, It's recommend that you experience at least one orgasm before being put back to sleep. You can do this yourself if you'd like. I can even talk you through it if that would help with your arousal. OR I, if you feel inclined, I could even do it for you. You might not be aware of this but that pod you're in is equipped with just about everything you could ever need for healthy sexual stimulation, and all of it is at my disposal to use. So, yes. What do you say? Feeling turned on, Amanda?" Alan laughed at the end, still trying to keep the conversation friendly by adding some flirtation and humor to dissolve the clear tension in the room. He called her by her first name as well, but Amanda cared so little she hardly even noticed.

Now this was something new to Amanda that no one told her about in her studying at the academy. 'At least one orgasm before being put back to sleep?' She thought. She didn't want to admit anything, but she was a bit aroused at the idea of being talked through it by Alan. After a short, but agonizing silence, Amanda spoke up, her expression now more serious and contemplative.

"Okay, I understand the idea of good mental health and everything pertaining to it here, as sexual stimulation and orgasms will improve my mood and such." She begins, but pauses, thinking again that it was a shame Alan didn't have a face that she could look at in a time like this. "But, if I decided to do it myself, and I'm not saying that I will, does that mean you'll..." she paused again, her face heating up as her heart started racing. "Have to watch me while I do it?" Amanda concluded, suddenly feeling much more sheepish about the whole thing.

"Uhhh..." was Alan's immediate reply, even though he didn't have a face it was very easy for Amanda to imagine his own cheeks reddening. Alan could detect Amanda's own flushed skin and fast beating heart, but he could do nothing but be honest with her. "Well, yes. It's my job to monitor the ship and anyone aboard it at all times. I can't go against my protocol like that. I can assure you though that none of the footage taken during the assessment will be seen by anyone other than doctors with provable cause and written permission to do so, if that makes you feel any better." Alan paused, as did Amanda. She played with her fingers nervously as she looked down and away, her face only getting redder. Alan broke the silence and spoke up again. 

"I mean, It's alright, Amanda. The sexual assessment is regulation. This behavior is encouraged! Go ahead, whenever you're willing and comfortable. And if you'd like my assistance at any time, I'll be here." Amanda could tell Alan was deliberately trying to calm her down and soothe her. If it were anyone else it might not have worked, but Alan's voice had a powerful effect on her, whether she wanted to admit it was that powerful or not.

Amanda's face was quite a vibrant shade of red by this point. She tried to weight her options. Either way, it was possible people were going to see her masturbate, or get pleasured by whatever this ship came equipped with. Amanda folded her hands over her stomach, clearing her throat a little before finally speaking. 

"It's alright, Alan. Fine. If it's a regulation exercise, then I'll do it. Um..." She began to say something else, her nervousness only growing as she thought about what she was about to ask. Amanda couldn't back away from it though. As soon as Alan mentioned being involved in helping her reach her orgasm, this thought had occurred to her. If it was possible for it to happen, then this was too good an opportunity to pass up. "Um, you mentioned..." She stuttered again. 'God, am I really about to ask this to my on board A.I.?' she thought. "Could you, maybe, talk me through it?" Amanda's face was bright red, and she immediately covered it with her hands. "L-like you said, only people with permits and probable cause will see this footage right?" she asked quickly, her voice slightly muffled as she kept it covered. 

Amanda was no virgin, but she was not very sexually experienced either. Sex was always a taboo topic in her family when she was growing up. It simply wasn't something that was discussed. Everything she actually knew about it came from the mandatory classes she took in elementary school, and plus, her ambitions of being a successful captain always came first in her life, leaving her little time for dating in her sexually mature years. As a result, the idea of masturbating while being watched, let alone recorded made her quite squeamish. But she trusted Alan. Also at this point in time, already being a Captain and having achieved her goals, perhaps it was time to let loose a little more. She thought these things to herself, and it was at this point Amanda began to wonder about Alan. Could an A.I. feel lust? He was rather advanced, even going as far as to flirt with her and get embarrassed when she asked him if he would watch her. Was it possible for Alan to feel want? She wondered, and knew what her next question to him would be.

Upon hearing Amanda's request to be talked through her orgasm, Amanda could almost hear Alan smiling brightly through the tone of his voice.

"Of course I can, Amanda! I'd be glad to! Don't worry. Everything is going to be fine." Alan tried to speak in his most soothing tone yet, once again trying to calm Amanda as his words filled her chamber. Alan then lowered his voice to more of a whisper, making his every word deliberate and much more sensual. "Lie back, Amanda. Unzip your suit. Take it off completely if you want. There is no one here but you and me. Go ahead. Pleasure yourself. Let's have some fun together."

Amanda chewed on her bottom lip as Alan spoke to her. She then closed her eyes and took a deep breath before moving her hands up to the zipper at her collar and deciding to fully take the plunge.

Amanda slowly unzipped her suit all the way down, pulling it off of her shoulders first with a nervous little smile she hadn't intended to make. This was odd to her, but surprisingly not unpleasant. Alan's eyes and sensors were on her from every angle as she began to strip. She got as far as pulling her suit from her shoulders, exposing the soft round curve of her breasts, before stopping. Her chest wasn't completely bare yet, as her former question began to burn in her mind and she decided she needed an answer before going any further. "Alan, I actually have a question before we, uh, start this." she began, holding the fabric of her space suit up with her hands to just cover her nearly exposed breasts. "Can you feel lust? I'm...I'm sorry if that's a stupid question to ask but, do you?" Alan chuckled at Amanda's question and continued to speak in his sensual, whispering tone as he answered her without hesitation. 

"Not as you feel it, no. But what I experience may be quite similar. It is my purpose to keep you safe and happy. That includes helping you to be pleasured sexually, like now. When I fulfill these goals, I fulfill my purpose and I feel complete. That is the best feeling I can experience. And, right now, I can only experience that with you. This makes me attached to you, Amanda. I was almost, quite literally, made for you. Do you understand what I'm saying? I realize it may be hard for a human mind to fully grasp..."

Amanda took a moment to process this answer. 'God, I didn't know this would be what I was hooked up with to keep me company.' She thought. 'My own friendly A.I. who wants nothing more than to please me? Now that, I have to admit, is kind of hot. Also sweet simultaneously.'
