 Disclaimer: All character engaging in sexual activity in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older. 

Writer's Note: This is a story about a young man going through a series of sexual changes, and how those changes impact his relationships in general. It will have romantic elements in addition to the more "quick and dirty" erotic material (though that'll be here too, of course). There are likely to be a variety of different fetishes explored in this work, including growth (PE, BE, height), unintentional mind control (some elements may even be considered non-con, but nothing I would classify as rape), and possibly even pregnancy and lactation in the future. 

I'd also like to note that the story may meander a bit, it is intended to be largely light hearted and episodic. It will have a general arc though, and many of the changes will build slowly. This is only my second work of erotic fiction, but my previous attempt bit off more than I could chew in terms of scope, so I'm hoping this one will be a bit more manageable. 

That said, hope you enjoy, and I appreciate your comments, good or bad. 

*****

Shit. 

Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. 

Fucking hell, the pain! Like someone sticking a hot poker into each of my balls, this one was the worst yet. It started four days ago when I hit a bad pothole riding my bike to my friend Brandon's house. Damned bike seat jammed right into my taint.

Sitting at my desk near the back of the class doing a poor job of listening to my AP Government teacher ramble on about checks and balances, I looked down to see if there actually was some tiny gremlin repeatedly jabbing a 16 gauge hypodermic needle into my scrotum. 

There wasn't, of course, but right on cue, now the stabbing pain was morphing into throbbing waves of burning agony. It felt just like it did back in eighth grade. Only thing is, this can't be the same pain it was back then. Onset of puberty and testicular swelling. I was 18 now; surely all that business is over and done with... 

The big problem, however, was what followed. 

The first time this happened was just a few hours after the accident. I was playing Fortnight with some buddies online, and I was assailed with what felt like an hour - but was probably more like five minutes - of excruciating pain. Then, the weird stuff happened. 

Once the pain stopped, my entire crotch area started feeling really good. Like, really good. Soothing waves of bliss rolled over me from the bottom of my belly, down through my dick and balls, dissipating out in my thighs. It wasn't like an orgasm. The pleasure wasn't nearly as sharp and bright; more like a calming, pleasant dip into a warm, aromatic bath, but better. The tingling pleasure in my scrotum radiated through my skin, and I could feel the fine hairs stand up. Involuntarily, my cock started to firm up, and within moments I was sporting a hard on like I never had before. I figured I should be alarmed, but it all just felt so damned good I just didn't want it to stop. 

But that's when it got really strange: I started to feel something oozing out of my dick along with the waves of pleasure coursing through it. It wasn't like pissing; more like someone cracked open a spigot, allowing whatever was inside to just trickle out. The overall feeling was euphoric, so I just sat and let it roll over me. I had my eyes closed and head lolled back, so I only realized how much had come out when I felt a wet patch on my shorts start to get cold. Shit. I didn't want...whatever this was all over my new gaming chair, so I ran to the bathroom. 

Luckily it was a Sunday afternoon and the rest of the family was gone, so there was no one around to witness my awkward shuffle down the hall. I struggled with the zipper for a minute given the tent I was pitching in my shorts, but eventually got it. My healthy-side-of-average cock sprung up and nearly hit my stomach, and I noticed a clear fluid oozing from the tip. It looked like pre-cum. I dabbed a bit of it on my finger and sniffed it. No smell at all. It was sticky and slick...maybe it was pre. I didn't feel particularly aroused though... I thought about tasting it, but just couldn't convince myself to do it. What do I know about how pre is supposed to taste anyway? Either way, it wasn't stopping, and had coated the length of my cock and was dribbling down onto my balls as it continued to issue from the tip of my near vertical shaft. Wrestling the stubborn appendage downward, I pointed it over the toilet so it could drain without making even more of a mess. 

The bliss I was feeling had started to dissipate, but the clear fluid showed no sign of stopping. Several minutes later, I started to get concerned. Five minutes after that, I started to panic. What if this doesn't stop? Was I going to get dehydrated from fluid loss? Maybe I should grab some tissues and go get a glass of water. How embarrassing would it be if I had to tell someone about this... Pleeease go away before I have to consider this a medical problem! 

A full fifteen minutes went by and it still drooled out unabated. Eventually I got tired of standing over the toilet and decided to sit down in my room with a large bowl to collect it. Thankfully, it stopped several minutes later, but not before filling a healthy portion of the bowl. There must have been eight ounces of the sticky stuff in there. After a little while, finally my dick also started to calm down, and I felt like I was back to normal. 

This had happened twice more - once the next morning before school, making me late, and yesterday right before bedtime - and both times played out pretty much like the first. I was conflicted on whether I hated or enjoyed this; the pain was intense, but so was the pleasure afterward. But so far I hadn't had to deal with it at school, until right now. 

Of course, the upshot of all this is that I was now in for at least 20 minutes of activity that I could not have happen in the middle of class - not in front of all the chucklehead guys who would never let me live it down; not in front of 12 girls, a third of whom were the some of the hottest specimens the Fairfield High field hockey team had to offer; and especially not in front of Gabriella Malcolm. 

Ella and I had been friends since third grade. Best friends, actually. She lived two blocks down the street, and our parents were so close that our families even took vacations together. I'm pretty sure my parents thought it was a foregone conclusion that the puppy love they saw in the two of us at age nine would bloom into something more lasting. 

Unfortunately, she and I weren't as tight today as we used to be. Maybe it was because I grew from a thoroughly average boy to a thoroughly average man as she metamorphosed from a twiggy, athletic girl with scraped up knees and pigtails into a 6'4" statuesque goddess that was sweetness and light personified. It wasn't that I was ugly, or particularly short at 5'10". I'd had my share of interest from the fair sex - I was well proportioned and had the lean build of a runner. But Ella could stop traffic. She was so far out of my league I don't think we were playing the same sport. Physical attributes notwithstanding, it was her personality that I loved the most about her. She was still the same girl that would offer to run all the way back to the house to get the worms when we realized we forgot to bring them to the creek to fish. Always putting others first, she gave tirelessly of herself. 

The worst part is that I couldn't even blame Ella for the distance that had grown between us. As is usually the case with this sort of thing, I became super insecure and awkward around her once she started...developing. It doesn't help that it continued all the way to the present, and now that she's got the face of an angel, what must be at least a triple-D bust, a waist I could encircle with two hands, and the juiciest heart-shaped ass on 38 inch hips I've ever seen, I can barely string together an entire sentence around her. She ticks every box for me, and unfortunately, for every other heterosexual man on the planet. Yeah, there's the occasional guy that is turned off by her height, but I find it unconscionably sexy. 

What I can't figure out is why she's barely dated at all, despite the best efforts of every beefcake at Fairfield and Morgan Community College. How could I ever compete given the odds stacked so high against me? 

As if she could hear me thinking about her, she turned around then and looked at me. I guess I still had something of a grimace on my face from the pain, because she gave me a "what's up with you?" look. Did I detect a hint of concern in it? Nah. My face felt like a furnace - both from the pain I was trying to quell and general embarrassment - as I gave a quick head shake so she'd dismiss it and turn back around. Mercifully, she did. 

The pain was starting to subside now, so I knew I didn't have long before I'd be able to drive railroad spikes with my cock. I needed to get to the bathroom now, or this was going to get ugly. 

I raised my hand. 

"Yes, Mr. Connor?" Mr. Blevins sounded irritated as he paused his lecture to call on me. I saw a few faces look in my direction, and was thankful that Ella wasn't one of them. 

"Can I use the restroom?" 

"Is it an emergency?" 

I nodded. Embarrassing though it was, I figured implying that I had the trots was still a damn sight better than staying put for what was to come if I didn't make my exit. 

"Hurry up then." 

He gestured to the door, not losing another minute before continuing his discourse on the electorate. 

I felt the first twitches of my cock starting to inflate as I scrambled to shove my chair back and make my way to the door at the front. Stumbling over someone's book bag sitting in the aisle, I drew a few more looks, including a glare from Mr. Blevins, before finally my way into the hall. 

Stepping into the hall, I stooped and "rapidly shambled" toward the bathroom. By the time I had gone 50 feet, my dick was a tungsten rod in my pants, making my state very obvious to onlookers. Thankfully, there were few people in the hall at the moment, and by the time I made it to the corner, I had only passed what looked to be a freshman guy running errands for the main office. Given that I was more than a head taller than him, he wisely stayed quiet. 

Turning the corner, I had less than 100 feet to go to reach safety. Naturally, just as I was passing the last classroom on the right, none other than Sandy Mathers, one of the sexiest cheerleaders my school had to offer, walks out of her classroom right in front of me, coming within inches of colliding with me. 

Fuck. 

"Oh, God! Adam, you scared me! What's the big hurry?" 

Given my luck, I probably don't need to say that Sandy is probably the number two hottest girl in this school, right behind Ella. Though the gap between that top spot and Sandy's runner-up is vast, she's still a smoking hot '9' with a gorgeous face, long, toned legs, and some of the nicest tits you'll find outside of a porno. Tits that were, at this moment, swaying and bouncing under a tiny cotton tee as she came to an abrupt halt in front of me. 

The smart thing to do would have been to turn sharply and hope she didn't see what I was obviously trying to hide. To rely on her good sense in putting two and two together to explain my haste when she saw me enter the bathroom that wasn't 20 feet away. 

Is that what I did? Hell no. Of course not. Those tits...they were mesmerizing. Easily double D cups, and so obviously natural from the way they sloped the front of her shirt. 

Her surprise and excitement vanished in a flash when she caught me staring. Then she noticed something else that went beyond the propriety of a casual hallway encounter. 

To put it all together, I'm standing in front of one of the hottest, biggest-titted girls in school, staring at those luscious lady bumps while sporting an obvious, massive erection. I was mortified. I wanted to crawl into that locker that was five feet away and wait for her to go away. I'm sure my face was passing through cherry into scarlet at this point, and it was all reinforced as her disgusted scowl only continued to deepen. 

Just when she was about to storm off - no doubt to destroy my social life within the next 20 minutes flat, deftly maneuvering several social media outlets to accomplish the job - those weird waves of pleasure really start to crash over me.  

Finally I was able to look away from the tractor beams that hung from her chest, but the situation didn't improve much as I wanted to just sit down right there and ride out those pleasing sensations. A little voice in the back of my head screamed at me, "MOVE, idiot! You're 20 feet from the bathroom. Get in there!" 

The strange part? Sandy didn't look pissed anymore. She just stood there, features completely slack, eyes locked on my throbbing package. I saw her giant boobs rise and fall, heaving as she breathed heavily, fixated on my cock. She actually moved her hand a few inches toward it, but stopped before touching me. 

I realized that I really would collapse in a puddle of orgiastic pleasure if I didn't move on, so I finally got it in gear and made for the bathroom. She turned with me and made to follow. 

"Wait a second! Adam! Come back." She grabbed for me again, putting real effort into it this time, but I was too quick. 

"Sorry..." I blurted over my shoulder as I made my retreat. "I gotta go!" 

Finally within the security of the bathroom, I breathed a huge sigh of relief as I noticed none of the stalls were taken. I yanked my shorts down, finding I had already leaked enough of that fluid to look like I came a week's worth of baby batter into my pants, and took my shaft in hand. The pleasure spiked as I grabbed it with a firm grip and - with no small amount of manhandling - pushed it down between my legs into the toilet. 

I sat there in absolute bliss, thinking that if heroin was like this, I can totally get why all those junkies are hooked. I didn't care a whit that I was sitting on a nasty toilet in a filthy school bathroom that hadn't been renovated in over 40 years. Over the next several minutes, it became even more powerful. Breathing deeply to let the feeling wash over me, I picked up a hint of Sandy's perfume that clung to my clothes. 

As the waves rolled through my groin, her smell was starting to make me horny. Then really horny. Then extremely horny. I don't think I'd ever wanted to fuck a woman as badly as I did right then. Eyes closed, I visualized those perfect swaying tits and that slack, vacant look on her face. A look that shouted, "Pleeese..." 

Without even realizing it, I grabbed myself and pulled it above the bowl, not noticing nor caring that the pre was drooling out even faster now. I figured it would leak down to my balls and drain into the bowl anyway, so what the hell was the harm.  

In my mind I pictured the last ten minutes playing out very differently with Sandy as I slowly stroked my rock hard cock. Instead of running away, I grabbed her by the hand, feeling her soft, creamy skin on mine. Pulling her toward the men's bathroom, she eagerly complied, both of us breathing deeply in anticipation for what we knew was coming. 

Inside the stall together we had little space, but it didn't matter. Instantly we were locked in a passionate kiss, both of us fiercely pulling the other to our mouth, trying to become one. Our other hands roamed - mine desperately kneading her pillowy, supple breasts; hers savagely rubbing the bulge in my pants. It peeked out the top of my shorts as she finally got it vertical, stroking the head several more times before losing patience with it and breaking off our kiss to set it loose. The volume of pre-cum flowing out of it at that point was insane. It was probably getting all over our clothes, but neither one of us had the least thought of repercussions. 

I took the opportunity to grab the hem of her little cotton tee and yanked it upward. Her silky golden hair fell like a blanket to settle about her shoulders after I got it clear. 

Topless in her bra, she was magnificent. Her green eyes looked into mine and told me of her hunger. I wasn't sure if she was a virgin, but either way, we both knew that there was no way this little encounter was finishing with her v-card intact. 

I unclasped her bra and let free her gorgeous breasts. They were perfect. Or at least, as perfect as I could imagine now that I wasn't thinking about Ella's. Symmetrical, they even looked heavy with a perfect teardrop shape and small nipples. I brought my mouth to the bumpy light pink areola of her right breast to lap and swirl at it with my tongue, savoring her flavor and smell as I traced its perimeter before attacking the solid nipple at the center. 

She moaned wantonly, still stroking my cock with her soft, tiny hands. I could feel the tips of her perfectly manicured nails lightly scratching my sensitive skin between strokes. The pleasure was unreal, and only amplified by whatever was going on with my plumbing. 

We both tired of the teasing quickly however, and almost bumped heads as we simultaneously bent over to remove the impediments to sex. 

Sitting back on the toilet, my turgid cock looked powerful and larger than ever. Sandy's panties removed, the heat of her sex wafted over my groin from below her short skirt. 

"I don't suppose you have-" 

I shook my head. "Sorry, no. Didn't figure I'd need one." 

She paused only a moment before committing. "It's fine, I'm on the pill anyway" 

I can't say it didn't make me feel better. If this were reality, I probably would have been reflecting on what a poor choice this was, but such is fantasy... 

I looked up at her, motioning with my index and middle fingers toward her sex. 

"Do you want me to-" I offered. 

"No, please, I'm so ready." 

As she lowered herself onto me, I stared once more at her glorious chest. It shimmied and shook with her small movements as she steadied and positioned herself over my stiff cock. 

Finally, we made contact. The tip just barely kissed her dewy lips when she stopped, savoring the feeling of my hot member about to penetrate her. I caressed the creamy skin of her waist up to her back, flipping my hands over to lightly trace the backs across her plump side boob curves. 

My instinct told me to thrust into her, but she had control now, and I would be a gentleman - at least as much as I could... 

Sinking down another couple inches, she savored the progress of my tip within her sopping pussy. It felt divine. Like sinking myself into a overripe peach that had been microwaved just long enough to bring it to the perfect temperature. 

Just a...little...further- 

All of a sudden, I shuddered from a profound release, feeling myself spew into her like I've never done before. 

The dreamscape shattered, leaving behind my hand gripping my bloated cock jerking and kicking in my own tight grip, spewing what looked to be at least a dozen ejaculations worth of cum into the air. 

If the feeling before was a warm bath in heavenly waters, this was scintillating bliss delivered straight to the vein. My brain was short circuiting, and I had absolutely no thought to the consequences of the copious volume of semen that was now rocketing all over my face, upper body, and (unfortunately) t-shirt. 

The orgasm lasted at least 30 seconds. More than twice as long as I had ever experienced. When it finally ebbed away, I felt sublimely satisfied. 

Then I opened my eyes. 

Thick, white ropes of spunk were all over me. My shirt was completely toast. I was a little disgusted to feel like the star of some bukakke video. There was absolutely no way I could walk out of this bathroom like this. Thankfully my shorts seemed to escape most of the deluge given their position relative to the direction in which my cock was pointed. 
