 I startled awake to a rapping sound on my bedroom door. 

"Adam, are you awake in there? You'd better get moving or you'll be late again!" The disembodied voice of my mother admonished. 

Damnit, woke me just as I was about to…well, at least I won't have to wash the sheets again. Shame she couldn't have waited just a few more minutes, though. 

Looking down, I found a now familiar daily sight: my erect penis putting a sizeable tent in my sheets. I pulled them away, figuring I really needed to take care of this before I had another episode at school. 

Slipping down my boxers, my cock- 

Wait. There was no way it was this big yesterday. I mean, double U-tee-eff, it looked huge. I jumped out of bed and stumbled to my desk, pulling out a ruler to confirm. 

Yeah, definitely bigger. My normal erect size was just about six inches (of course I knew that, didn't every 18 year old male?), depending on how far back into my groin I pushed the ruler. Now it was a bit over seven, and noticeably larger in girth. And that wasn't even factoring the bit of the ruler that went beyond the markings. 

Looking below and giving a little feel, my testes also seemed heavier. They could have actually been bigger too, but it was hard to tell since my sack had cinched them upward, preparing to jettison cargo during my aborted wet dream. It would certainly make sense if they were bigger – all that extra spunk had to be coming from somewhere. 

I stood there naked and just admired it for a minute. I felt like I was starting puberty all over again. Not really porn star big, if I was honest. But damn, it looked enormous on me, jutting proudly from my crotch. I flexed it, witnessing the crinkly skin of the head tighten and become almost shiny, turning the whole thing an angry shade of purple. I felt a desperate need to fuck something. To thrust with my entire being into a nubile female, ready to inject her fertile pussy with my potent load. 

Quickly grabbing a used pair of boxers to catch the mess with, I laid down and replayed a BE fantasy I read about on Literotica. Frankly, I didn't even need it. The mixture of lingering stimulation from the wet dream and the overwhelming sense of virility I was riding from my burgeoning cock combined to finish me in record time. As usual, the downside was the cleanup – it seemed to get more and more difficult every day. 

My impressive cock deflated to some extent, but not completely. It might make putting pants on a touch difficult, but the real problem was that I didn't feel satisfied in the least. If anything, I felt even hornier. My skin felt hot, flushed and almost itchy. My whole body was burning for release. It wasn't pleasant. Nothing to be done about it right now though; Mom was right – I needed to get to school, pronto. A cold shower ought to help. 



Even with my little session of self-discovery this morning, I managed to pull into the school parking lot with several minutes to spare. It was already mostly full of cars, but I noticed a few stragglers tiredly trundling in as I located a spot. 

I took a pause from the stream of lewd thoughts that seemed to plague my mind lately to admire the crisp October morning. Sugar maples next to the parking lot contrasted the deep blue sky in brilliant shades of orange and red. 

I was so lost in thought that I almost missed the towering beauty walking over to me. 

"Adam! Hey!" she said, jogging to catch up. 

I felt myself getting tongue-tied with just the brief glimpse I chanced at those luscious globes bouncing with her stride. She must have caught me, but she said nothing. Probably something you're used to when you're built like that, I mused. 

"Hi Ella." I gave a stupid little wave to punctuate my greeting. 

Really? A wave? What the hell, Adam? That must have looked retarded. Man, this was not a good start. Ugh. 

Whatever she thought about it, she beamed down at me. Her already gorgeous face transformed into something truly radiant. The smile she wore for me made me feel warm inside. Those plump lips and generous, sensual mouth. The way her hazel eyes crinkled at the edges, telling me she was happy to see me. 

Despite my best efforts to remain a bumbling idiot around her, for her part, she always made me feel at ease. We rarely got very close anymore, so I got a little thrill seeing how tall she was – my eyes barely came up to her chin! 

"I was looking for you yesterday after class. You never came back. 

"Where'd you go? You didn't look so hot." 

"Uh, yeah, it was nothing. I just had to run to the nurse real quick." 

No chance in hell I was letting Ella picture me with diarrhea. 

"Ahhh, riiiight." She nodded sagely, "Because people go to the nurse when they're ‘fine'" She did the air quotes. 

"Genius." A slender finger lightly flicked my forehead. 

I felt like I should be upset because it probably looked super condescending, but she's been doing this to me ever since she got taller than me in sixth grade. What can I say? Puberty hits girls early. It's just that, with Ella, it never really stopped to give the guys a chance to catch up. 

The flicking thing was weird, I knew, but it made me smile. 

"Ya know, you could have had the nurse ask me to bring your stuff home for you." She offered gently. 

I hate it when she mothers me, acting like she knows what's best. 

"It's fine. God, just forget about it!" 

She recoiled a little. Damnit, too harsh. Calm down, Adam. Why couldn't I just have a normal conversation with her. 

"Sorry. I didn't mean to-" I offered. 

She pushed me on the shoulder. "You dummy. I'm just worried about you." 

She was? 

"So, when are you going to let me kick your ass in League again?" 

I smile, appreciating her ability to take my foot out of my mouth. I really missed the easy banter we used to have. 

"Pshht. Screw that! You didn't beat me, my connection dropped." 

She barks a laugh, "Oh please! That's complete BS. You brag about how your parents have this rock solid gigabit fiber conn-" 

Before she could finish the sentence, I was attacked from behind – small hands tickled my sides, surprising me so much that I think I actually let out an involuntary giggle. Realizing what I had done, I darted a look at Ella to see if she caught my unmanly behavior. 

The smirk on her face proved that she did, but as soon as she saw who the felonious tickler was, her face became guarded. 

A golden ponytail swished in front of me as Sandy Mathers swung around to my front. 

"There you are! I was waiting for you." Her cheery voice sounded shrill next to Ella's feminine contralto. 

"Uh, hi Sandy. Nice to see you." 

I didn't want to be rude to Sandy by ignoring her, but my eyes sought Ella's to find out what her reaction to all this was. Her look was blank though, I couldn't see any sign that she cared one way or another. 

"You jerk!" Sandy said playfully. "That's what you have to say for yourself? I give you my number, and you say you'll call." she whined. 

I quickly checked Ella's face again, which had gone from blank to blanker, if that was possible. 

"I waited all night for you!" 

Just then our little threesome was joined by the last person I would have invited – Jack Winston. On the varsity basketball team in his junior year, Jack was like an even more broad-shouldered and chiseled version of the late Paul Walker, if that's possible. He was also the same height as Ella – a fact that I intensely resented him for. 

Oh, and they were dating. Yeah, Jack wasn't my favorite guy. 

"Hey Babe," putting his arm around Ella's waist, he leaned in for a peck on the cheek. I stared at that sinewy motherfucking arm like I could cut it off with my eyes. "Found ya." 

I thought I caught Ella glance at me quickly, but when I looked at her, she was smiling at Jack. Though I could tell it was that fake smile she often wore when she was uncomfortable. I wondered if Jack knew her well enough to know it wasn't genuine. 

Jack, of course, acted as though I didn't even exist. I probably would have needled him a bit to see him have to bite back his response with Ella here, but Sandy threw me off, so I just watched this play out. 

He tried pulling her away, but I knew it was hard to make the towering Ella go anywhere she didn't want to. 

"Com'on." he tugged again, "We gotta get to class. You're never gonna believe what my Dad said last night…" 

Ella looked from Sandy to me, her eyes sending me a quick apology. I nodded, and she turned to go with him. I could hear his fading voice as they walked away, "…he's actually cool with me throwing that party Saturday night!" 

Sandy grinned at me, happy to finally have all of my attention. 

"Look." She poked my chest with an index finger, "I'll forgive you for not calling me last night on one condition." 

"And what's that?" I really needed to get inside or I was gonna be late, but since Ella left my mind had turned – yet again – to sex. 

"There's this thing going on, Friday night. It's gonna be fun and I want you to come with me." 

I was just admiring the milky, perfect skin of her upper arms as my brain caught what she said. I looked at her to see if she was fucking with me. She almost looked demure. 

"R-Really?" 

"Yeah, silly. It's totes an awesome time. You'll see. Plus…you'll be with me." Her eyes batted coquettishly. 

"But, Sandy." I spluttered, "I don't really know any of your friends. And the few I know of probably aren't cool with you bringing me." 

"Screw them! I can do what I want. 

"Look, let's just go for a little bit, and if you're not having a good time, then we'll bounce. Okay?" 

I certainly couldn't ask for any better than that, and this was Sandy Mather's asking me out. 

"Okay, cool." 

"Yay!" She cheered, giving a little clap. Of course, in my current hornball state, it drew my eyes to her wobbling chest. My dick was half hard, and I gave it a little jolt with my PC muscle. I ran my eyes over those swells of flesh, imagining what it would be like to reach out and give them a squeeze. Right now, without caring at all what she thought. Just plump them up from the sides with the backs of my hands. Or put my arm underneath them where they met her chest, taking up their weight and letting those heavy mounds drape over me. 

As the seconds ticked by, the little guy inside chanting "that's wrong" was fading like Michael J. Fox in Back to the Future being "erased from existence". I feel like I was on the verge of actually reaching out to grab her when I heard her gasp. 

In surprise, the nubile teen put her hand to her heart, just above her breasts. I should have looked away, but I kept staring. Something was happening in my mind. It felt like it thrummed with some kind of energy and radiated outward, projecting toward Sandy. 

In, and out. Her breathing came deep and even. I could tell she was feeling something, and judging from that look, it felt very good. 

"What's…happening? Something… I…felt this the other day, when I was with you in the hall." 

The bell rang, and snapped us out of it. She called back as she ran toward the building "We need to talk! I'll catch up with you later!" 

I stared at her sexy hip as her satchel bounced off it with every stride. Too dumbfounded to move, I stood there as the feeling ebbed away, leaving me horny and frustrated, geared up by Sandy's lewd body. 

Later, sitting in calculus class, I started to mentally review all the shit that was happening. Whatever it was had only seemed to grow over time, and I figured I better get my hands around it if I wanted to remain a decent human being. Nearly sexually assaulting Sandy earlier had spooked me. Truth be told, I wasn't completely confident she would have minded if I had acted on my impulse, but that line of thinking was just not acceptable. 

My libido was off the charts though, and I found it difficult even thinking about much of anything for more than 10-15 seconds at a time before my mind went straight home to sex. It was everywhere I looked! The curve of a ripe sweater-covered breast two rows up and a couple seats to my right; a pair of creamy thighs teasing delights that lay beneath a pleated skirt that barely covered them to my left; even my slightly overweight but gloriously curvy calc teacher, Mrs. Crenshaw, her wide rear gently swaying as she copied problems from her text to the white board. All of it was turning me on. Add to that reproductive organs that were apparently going through a second puberty, some kind of weird trance thing that seemed to enthrall women (or at least Sandy Mathers), and my pain and pleasure episodes, and I was kind of freaking out. 

I thought about excusing myself to go to the bathroom and beat off, but I knew it wouldn't help. This morning was proof of that. I needed to fuck. At this point even some of the guy's asses were looking pretty fuckable, and I really didn't swing that way. 

What could I do though? I felt like some kind of animal in heat. Sandy seemed into me, but I didn't want complications right now. Same with any other girl in school. There could come a time when I would be just that desperate, but I wasn't there yet. 

So, someone outside of school then. A hooker? Eh, I didn't want to get a disease, and honestly I didn't know the first thing about how to hire a pro anyway. What if I could do whatever I did to Sandy to someone else? Maybe they'd want me to fuck them. Then again, if I was controlling them like that, was it really any different from rape? I mean they'd probably want me to do then, but what if that thought went away once we were done? Would that traumatize them? 

Then again, what happened with Sandy in the hall yesterday seemed to kind of stick with her… Unless she's secretly been harboring this desire to be with me and was just forcing herself to date only hot, uber-athletic guys because she was too afraid to approach me. Ha! Right... 

Whatever, I needed to get out of here, and I needed to find a woman to fuck. I smirked as it occurred to me that I was probably not the first male in the history of the universe that brainstormed ways to find no-strings-attached sex. Heh. 

Well what about this thing that seemed to be happening between Sandy and I. Hmm, maybe I could try it out a little here in class. Practice a bit. All I know is that it happened both times when I was thinking about sex, and staring at a woman's body. 

I picked a target – Mrs. Crenshaw. She was an easy choice as I had an unobstructed view of her backside from where I was sitting. I didn't want to make her uncomfortable, as she was a sweet lady, but I figured I could just do it a little. If it looked to be affecting her, I'd stop. 

Since my mind was already mired in lewd thoughts, all I did was stare at her bottom as she continued writing on the board. My gaze took in its wide, rounded shape, still conspicuous under her thick woolen skirt. I imagined the skirt gone, leaving large cotton panties covering pale skin. Felt the delightfully soft, squishy flesh bulge through my fingers as I squeezed handfuls of it. I ran my hands over and around those plush hips, trailing fingertips along the bottom of her panty line over the jiggling skin. Down to the center where it dove between her legs, feeling her warm, moist- 

All of a sudden she stopped writing. Mrs. Crenshaw stood very still at the board, still facing away from us with her marker, frozen mid-sentence. I watched as her face flushed and a barely noticeable tremor took her outstretched hand. A moment later she relaxed, finishing the problem. As soon as she was done, I saw her turn to look around discretely, scanning the classroom for whatever guilty party could provoke such an effect. At first her eyes scanned the assembly, not lingering on anyone in particular, then returning to the book in her hand. If I weren't paying such close attention, I would have missed her eyes briefly flicking to mine before she turned around to continue the lesson. Did she know it was me? 

Inside, I was positively giddy with excitement. I had some kind of…telekinetic power related to sexual thoughts? Holy shit, the implications of this were fucking crazy. That decided it, I needed to use this to get me laid, and now.