 I was like a kid on Christmas. This new ability was fucking awesome. I couldn't stop playing with it as the day wound on. I hadn't a single thought for verb conjugation, integrals, or moments of inertia. Instead I focused on teasing the goth chick's nipples, fondling the cheerleader's thighs, and caressing the sexy, bronzed shoulders of my Spanish teacher. Every time I got a discreet moan, gasp, or white knuckled grip on a desk, I got a huge thrill. 

After playing around for most of first period, I decided to knuckle down and approach this with something that might resemble scientific rigor. 

First I worked on mechanics. Probed the boundaries of what I could do. What was the range? How intense could I make it? Who and what could I affect with it? What did I need to do or think about to trigger it? Could I do it without direct line of sight? Did it affect guys (sue me - I had to know)? 

I realized that my method was flawed, since I only had visual feedback on how well it was working, but suffice to say that I could affect any part of anyone (yes, even guys) at a range of at least the length of a classroom. The only limit to what I could affect seemed to be whether I could envision the body part as sexually stimulating, and it did appear to be limited to what I could see. For example: calves, breasts, and hips, yes; feet, no (nothing against the foot fetish - it just wasn't my thing). I had to envision playing with myself to get the guy I tried it on going, but it did work. 

Eventually, I started to devise small challenges for myself. Could I make a girl's nipples stand out enough to show through her shirt (those sweaters were killers)? Could I make them moan or gasp loudly enough to draw attention? (Okay, that one was probably a little mean) Could I make them touch themselves, even a little bit? 

It started coming easier to me with all the practice. In English class I was able to make Ann Walker intentionally drop her pencil so she could bend over and circumspectly rub herself with her forearm and wrist. Her eyes squeezed shut as she savored the delicious pressure on her needy vulva. 

A plain-faced girl whose name I couldn't remember actually humped the air as I imagined tonguing her plump labia. Lifted her ass right off her chair and everything... The pronounced cameltoe showing through her skin tight capris helped me paint a vivid picture. 

A problem I should have counted on, but didn't, was that all this stimulation was having an effect on me as well. It appeared that the boys in the cum factories I called testicles were doing triple shifts trying to keep up with all the pussy my animal brain thought we were going to have to prime. I also had to slouch under my desk much of the day to hide my uncontrollably erect cock. 

Between classes I went to the bathroom to clean myself up. It only took me a single period to figure out I needed to pack as much toilet tissue as I could hide to avoid an embarrassing wet patch. After 3rd period, I started mixing in a quick jerk off as well to clean the pipes somewhat. It seemed to help when I was sitting back in class. As expected, it didn't fix my chronic horniness, but at least it made my dick more manageable. 

All of this sounds rather disgusting, but the truth is that this was the reality of my life now. I hoped that - like puberty the first time around - this was going to get more manageable with time as I adjusted to my new hormonal state (or whatever was happening), but honestly, I wasn't confident that it would. 

As the end of the day neared, I still hadn't come up with a solid plan to get myself laid. Too many distractions, I supposed. What I did know was that there would be quite a few locked bedroom doors shortly after 2:30 this afternoon judging from how many flustered female seniors would be leaving Fairfield High today. 

Just before the bell rang, I got a text from my Mom. 

'Adam, pls pick up a taco kit and ground beef on the way home. Love you' 

Damn, I forgot we were having dinner as a family tonight. My parents usually worked late, so I often ate alone, but once or twice a week they would make the effort to be home to have dinner as a family. 

Although... Come to think of it, everybody always said the grocery store was a great place to meet women. Hmm, maybe this would play into my plans nicely. 

'OK' 

I was a little surprised not to have seen Sandy today, as I expected her to keep dogging me like she did in the parking lot this morning, but I wasn't complaining. I needed to lay low for now until I got all this stuff figured out. 

Driving over to the grocery store, I started to get butterflies in my stomach thinking about just how I was going to pull this off. I was never the type of guy that could pick women up on a chance encounter. I'd been intimate with exactly one girl in my lifetime, and dated a handful more than that. 

As a hopeless romantic, I was pretty crushed when it became clear that Bethany - the one and only girl I'd gone all the way with - didn't want to date me, or even return my calls. In hind sight, it was obvious that she just wanted a to have a bit of fun, but it still stung for a few weeks. My 17-year-old brain just linked sex and commitment innately, but since then I've loosened up a bit. In the last year I grew quite a bit and started filling out, so I was pretty sure I had had a couple other opportunities, but none of them felt right. 

Thinking about my dating life was just depressing, so I switched gears to sex, once again trying to picture how I could pick up some trim. 

*************** 

The swish of the automatic sliding doors announced my arrival at the grocery store. I was pleased to see it wasn't busy. It might have been awkward trying to do my thing with runaway kids plowing into aisle endcaps and dads on cellphones asking which type of bread they were supposed to buy. 

I grabbed one of the small hand carts and started strolling around the store. Five minutes later I hadn't found any targets worth pursuing. It appeared that only older stay-at-home moms and the elderly went to do the food shopping this early in the afternoon. 

I did spy a pretty smoking soccer mom type with a nice round set of tits and gorgeous stems poured into a pair of pink leggings, but she had two young kids with her. I needed to get laid badly, but not badly enough that I was going to leave two little kids alone in the store while I drilled their mom. 

Damn! Frustrated, I gave up, figuring I could swing by the mall after this to see what the buffet of flesh over there had to offer. 

As I was making my way toward the exit, I remembered I was there for more than just tail. Gotta pick up dinner too. I grabbed the items Mom asked for and made my way to the checkout. I usually prefer those self-checkout deals where you can scan and pay without having to deal with a slow, chatty cashier, but as I passed checkout lane #4, I spotted a cutie working the register. Even better, she was by herself (no bag boy), and had no customers. 

Setting my items on the conveyer belt, I took a moment to check her out. She was cute as a pixie, with curly, soft brown hair, and large blue eyes. Her height was diminutive - she had to be a full head shorter than me - but she was rocking some nice lean curves. Small, perky breasts sat high on her slender chest. Her itty bitty waist trailed into a dead sexy pair of hips. Put a set of C-cup tits on her and she would have "the ratio" absolutely nailed. Her tight little package had the boys in my drawers going full tilt again. She looked young - maybe a few years out of high school. Probably a local college student. A small nametag read, "Christine". 

Yep, she'd do nicely. 

"Hey, howsit goin today?" she chirped, making solid eye contact before giving me a once over. 

She smiled, clearly liking what she saw well enough. The telltale tilt of her head, the open, eager look on her face... 

I smiled back. Maybe this would be easier than I thought. 

"Not too bad. How 'bout you?" 

Her slim hands started keying in numbers and scanning my items. 

"Do you have a shopper's card with us?" she paused after ringing up the items. 

"Uh, yeah, pretty sure my mom does. Can you search for that in your system? I don't have it with me." 

"We can use your phone number. Just enter it there." She pointed to the keypad. 

I started to do so when I saw something fly over and hit Christine in the shoulder. It looked like some kind of small nerf football. A quick glance behind her showed two of the bag boys, apparently bored by the lack of customers, throwing the ball around. 

"Really, Justin?" She turned around to chastise her immature coworkers. 

Holy... Just beyond my line of sight to the keypad was one of the most glorious specimens of prime, mouthwatering ass I had ever seen. It was perfection, and rode a pair of hips that flowed outward so dramatically from her tiny waist that it looked like her bottom was twice as wide as her top. This girl had a peach on her that would be the envy of Brazilian butt models. Keyra Augustina. Kim Kardashian. It didn't matter. Trot any of those fabulous asses out here and cute little Christine would give 'em a run for their money. It was high, and firm, and deliciously heart shaped. She even had that sexy hint of hamstring muscle in profile, evident through her thin leggings. 

Not for the first time today, I had to keep myself from reaching out to grab her right there. I stared as she yelled at the teens. When she bent over to pick up the offending missile and throw it back to them, I was apoplectic. My cock jumped when she spiraled the little football, setting into motion the sexiest jiggle I've ever seen an ass make. 

I started feeling the now-familiar waves of energy coursing through me. My cock strained to tear right through my pants as a veritable river of pre issued from it. Christine turned around, denying me the view I was so enjoying, but her needy look only stoked my fires further. She was showing the same symptoms I had been seeing from my practice targets throughout the day. 

"Something feels..." She whispered, big blue eyes still locked upon mine. 

I said nothing, just looked into her eyes and imagined the two of us intertwined in coitus. The thought crossed my mind to come around the counter and fuck her right here. Just bend her right over the bagging station and whale away. 

Moments passed. Enough time that I'm sure we looked strange just standing there watching one another. I'd never let it build this long before; the lust within us had reached "runaway train" status. I felt the wet patch below and took a moment to look down, noticing I now looked like I had spilled a drink right onto my crotch. At this point it didn't phase me though; nothing mattered but her. I could tell she burned for me just as much. Something came over me, and I knew what to do. 

"So, Christine." I spoke low and slowly, "I think I'll need some help with these bags." 

A ridiculous notion, of course. Who the hell would believe a fit young man would need assistance carrying a taco kit and a pound of ground beef? 

"I want you to bring them to my car for me." 

"Y-yeah. Glad to help." She breathed. 

In her haste to grab her purse (it was clear this was no quick trip to the car and back) and exit the cashier booth, she almost tripped, but we met in a hurried walk toward the exit. I was just behind and to her side, resting my hand on her lower back to guide her. I whispered into her ear, "You live close?" 

I had a brief thought to just fuck her in the back seat, but it was the middle of the day, and there was no cover in the open parking lot. She worked here; I couldn't do that to her. 

"Yeah, it's right around the corner." 

I was so digging this submissive vibe I was getting from her, I decided to go a little farther with it. 

"We'll take my car." 

Not 'I'll drive'. I was telling, not asking. 

She looked up at me, melting under my commanding tone. 

I don't know where the confidence was coming from, but I gotta admit, it felt goood telling her what to do. That she was getting turned on by it made my ego swell to never before seen proportions. 

We were halfway to the car, and were walking so closely she could probably feel my breath on her neck. I just couldn't wait until we got there to touch her sinful body, so I reached down and grabbed a handful of her meaty ass as we walked, clutching it as it wobbled with each hurried step. She just looked up at me with this sultry smile, eyes lidded. 

I felt like a fucking king. 

An older lady got out of her Buick not 20 feet away, catching me in the flagrant act of PDA. She gasped in outrage, but fuck decorum, I kept right on feeling up her heavenly backside, giving our gawker a show as I kneaded those cheeks and elicited a moan. 

Finally we got to the car. Each of the seven minutes of the drive to her place felt like ten, but soon we pulled into a dumpy low-rise apartment complex. 

Good, she didn't live with her parents. 

"You live alone?" 

"I have a roommate, but she's visiting her aunt for a week." 

"Good." 

We scrambled up the stairs to the second floor, finally arriving at her door, neither one of us needing to communicate what we were anticipating on the other side. A huge key ring with at least three souvenir bottle openers and a dozen discount keycards on it got us past the deadbolt. 

I quickly took in the surroundings. A typical girl's college apartment, it's wall to wall with cute decorations and art featuring pastoral settings covering walls that weren't allowed to be painted. She looked up at me with adoration in her eyes as I scanned for a suitable spot. 

"Where will you have me?" she asks, provoking the dominant persona I was rocking. Voice low and eyelids heavy, her body language told me just how much she needed to please me. 

There. The beige couch with waist height armrests was perfect. I grabbed her arms and gently walked her over to the couch, turning her around and slowly but insistently bending her over. 

"Unnghhh...hurry." she groaned. 

I couldn't resist a momentary delay to feel that beautiful peach snugged up against my pelvis. I humped her through our clothes, relishing in the feel of her. I unbuttoned and dropped my pants. 

My cock was hot, hard, and as raging for sex, spewing a thick stream of pre constantly now. I had a fleeting regret for this girl's carpet. 

Unable to wait another second, I violently jerked her leggings and lacy black thong down over the thick curve of her ass. It rippled tantalizingly right before my eyes, the tangy scent of her drenched pussy wafting over me and driving me mad. 

She cried out, gasping at my ferocity. 

"Don't make me wait any longer. Please. I need you in here!" With this, she pulled her cheeks apart and I spotted the glistening ruby lips of her cunt wink at me invitingly. 

I admired the perfect naked ass in front of me, astonished at how much nectar she had produced. Her inner thighs were coated clear down to her knees. 

Not sparing another second, I grabbed my cock and lined it up between those luscious buns. I speared her all the way to my hilt in one thrust, relishing the sublime feel of her naked cheeks cushioning my pelvic wall. 

The stark contrast of my cold wet cock slipping easily into her furnace-like pussy was indescribable. 

"Uggghhhhh" A long, loud groan rewarded me. 

I started thrusting, my hands on her hips guiding our joining, part of me knowing instinctively just how to do it to bring her the maximum amount of pleasure. Not just back and forth - I was thinking three dimensionally now. 

"So...deep." She finally got out. 

Inside her tight little pussy, I could feel my pre continue to flow, blazing a trail for the imminent arrival of my swimmers. 

It didn't even take a minute. I felt her freeze, gripping the cushions of the couch as she trembled, her warm, silky vise clenching me mercilessly. Little spasms took her as she silently let the swell of pleasure crash over her. 

A few seconds later, I started to feel some kind of energy coming from her. I could feel it inside me. It wasn't pleasurable, per se. More like...satisfying. A warm, filling feeling, leaving me contented. But it wasn't just a feeling, it was a notion too. The notion that I'd made this woman mine. Mine to breed whenever I wished. The alien feelings combined with her tightly clenched vagina to send me over the edge. 

I pulled myself into her savagely and held my thrust at its zenith. That feeling returned like my entire body was focused on driving the very tip of my cock as far into her as I could to deliver my precious load. As if I could pierce directly into her egg and fertilize it myself. 

A strong sense of purpose pervaded me. My hands traced her hips and I marveled at the sight of her ass cheeks pillowing out to each side as I squished into it from behind. Where our bodies met, the little creature was actually wider than me! The view fueled my orgasm to burn even brighter and hotter. 

It went on, so unlike any orgasm I'd ever had before. It was a wave of pleasure that built and built, never quite plateauing as it rolled over me. Cum spewed from me in long pulses, unlike the staccato spurts I typically issued. Dashes, not dots. So much of it accumulated inside her that it started to leak down her thighs, globs of thick cream pulsing out in time with the clenching of my PC muscle. 

Fuck. She was actually filled to the brim with my cum. I'm not sure why, but I found this notion incredibly hot. 

I silenced a tiny part of my superego that worried over the consequences of our mating. It hadn't crossed either of our minds to use protection, despite the pre-meditation of our tryst. She lay there as a ludicrous amount of my sperm assaulted the Omaha beach of her womb. The whole thing made me feel like some kind of super stud. 

I also realized that the burning itch to fuck that had afflicted me for the last few days had... Well, it hadn't exactly gone... Dimmed was probably a better word. Like a cigarette extinguished on a bed of mulch, however, I could tell it was only a matter of time before it would burn anew. 

Christine was almost catatonic with pleasure. I could tell she was finally returning to her senses after a mind melting orgasm, but the aftershocks continued. 

"No...words. What the...hell was...that?" She panted, finally relaxing around my fading cock. 

I idly caressed her hips and ass from within her, brainstorming how best to avoid a messy disengagement. My Id actually wanted to give those little guys a chance, too, even though my higher brain was ready to smack some sense into its fool Neanderthal head. 

"Try to pitch forward onto the couch." I instructed, hoping to tip her forward enough to keep what was in her inside. She did so. 

"Wait here, I'll get some paper towels." I pulled my still half hard cock out of her and looked for the kitchen, admiring my handiwork as I left: no sight on earth could rival the beauty of a well fucked woman. 

"The roll is near the stove." she called after me. 

I came back with several towels, handing them to her between her legs to soak up the fluid. 

"Wait! I... Well, nevermind. It's strange..." 

"What?" I continued trying to help her wipe away my cum. 

"You're gonna think I'm a freak." Her voice was timid. 

"Seriously? What part of what we just did seemed normal to you? I'm pretty sure at this point I'm the definition of freak. 

"I mean, hell, did you see how much I filled you up!?" 

She nodded excitedly. "Right!? I mean, you were amazing, but when you just kept pumping away, filling me with all this." she laughed while gesturing to the globs of semen that had escaped. 
