 Writer's Note: I'm trying to broaden the scope of the story a bit while keeping it manageable. We'll see how that goes... Comments are very much appreciated, if you feel like dropping a note here or in an email (good or bad). Big thanks to those who have done so already! It means a lot as an amateur writer. 

Hope you enjoy the story, and thanks for reading. 

"An Incubus? As in, a male version of a Succubus?" 

"Just so." 

"Uh, are you sure? I thought Incubi were demons? I'm pretty sure I'm not a demon." I said, eyes narrowed. 

My train of thought continued, so I cut him off from replying. "Wait, you're saying that demons are real? As in, hell spawn trying to steal the souls of mortal men and women...that sort of thing?" 

He chuckled, "No. Contemporary popular culture may favor portraying our kind as 'demons', but I can assure you that it is grossly misinformed. 

"What we actually are is a type of Fae. In this realm, Fae are manifest as spirits from another plane who have attuned with a human host in a form of symbiosis. The resultant aggregate being is what you might call a...supernatural. Just as with other types of Fae who inhabit this realm, we leverage our connection to the life force of our native plane to manipulate Vitae, or life essence. This essence is shaped with our will to exert influence on the mortal world." 

Fae? Realms? Vitae? This was getting bizarre very quickly. 

He leaned back on his couch and put one leg over the other, his fine wool suit almost reflective as he moved. This was sounding pretty complicated. 

"Like...magic?" 

"Not precisely. We cannot simply snap our fingers and make it rain, or cause a bridge to collapse. Our abilities must align with our nature as Fae creatures. In our case, that means those relating to seduction and influence, sexual intercourse, and procreation." 

Interesting. "I see." 

"The period during which we transition from human to Incubus we call the pupal phase. Adolescent Incubi, like yourself, are therefore known as pupae. During this time our Fae spirit is synchronizing with our human body, changing it to enhance our natural abilities." 

"So then, you can tell me how much longer I'll have to put up with these constant changes?" I inquired hopefully. 

"Each pupa is different, but the process often takes anywhere from three months to a year. Most pupa mature within six months. By my estimate of how much Vitae you were expending earlier, I suspect you might be a couple months along, correct?" 

A couple months? I'd barely had this for a week. Hopefully that wasn't a bad sign. 

"Actually, more like a week." 

He drew back in surprise, eyes wide. "A week?! Remarkable. Perhaps you have an affinity for manipulating the life force." 

I felt a smug sense of pride at that. Yeah, that's right. Adam Connor; Incubus prodigy. 

He ashed his cigar. 

"There is much more I could say to you, Adam, on the nature of Incubi, but in truth, it is best to discover most of what it means to be an Incubi on your own. Too, I suspect your companions will begin to miss your absence if we don't keep our conversation brief, but I do have a couple important pieces of advice I would like to give." 

Taking another small swig of the Scotch, I sat back and waited for him to go on. 

"Firstly, you need to learn to control your use of Vitae. The way you comported yourself in my establishment this evening, it is likely that any Fae within a city block would have detected your presence. Forgive a crude, metaphor, but you acted as a five-year-old given a garden hose, spraying it indiscriminately without regard for his intended target." 

Ouch, that one stung. I took another small swig of Scotch, starting to become accustomed to the burn as I held the tumbler in both hands and moved to the edge of the couch. "So, are we being targeted or something? I mean, is it a bad thing if other Fae pick up my...uh...signal, or whatever?" 

"It certainly can be, but do not be alarmed. Fae are exceedingly rare in this realm. Most accounts number them at less than ten thousand here on Earth. Moreover, most Fae do not harbor ill will toward our kind. 

"But there are those that do, which is a topic for another time, so life force should always be used in a controlled and judicious fashion." 

"Okay, so how do I do that?" 

"Imagine the Vitae as a finite store of power within you. This store can be expended, or replenished. 

"When you exert your will or influence others around you, it is expended." 

He arched eyebrows and asked, "No doubt you've dabbled with this ability?" 

I cringed. "Yeah, I've certainly been getting a crash course over the last week or so." 

He nodded. "Good, continue to experiment, as it is the best way to learn, but exercise control when you do so. I'll speak more about that in a moment. 

"Continuing on the topic of Vitae -- as we discussed, it is expended when you try to seduce a woman, or to control her pleasure centers, for example." 

Woah, I can do that? I'll have to remember that. 

"Conversely, it is harvested from partners by engaging in sexual activity. This is not limited strictly to coitus, but rather, any act that brings sexual satisfaction -- that part is key -- to your partner. 

"Mortals, you see, are low level Vitae generators. You and I, on the other hand, no longer generate Vitae. Our human ability to create life force is effectively nullified by the drain imposed by our link to the Fae realm, leading to a surfeit, and resulting in our need to harvest from others. A human has no sense of their own Vitae, nor could they use it in any event, but the loss of too much Vitae will enervate and sicken them. 

A thought occurred to me. "Does this mean that we can't have sex without draining our partners?" 

He nodded in appreciation for my question. "Luckily for us, no. Sex without harvesting can be achieved, but it requires a deliberate will not to do so. So be careful." 

I nodded, sobered by the thought that my careless action could have impacts on the people around me. If I went and had sex with Christine on Sunday, could I have inadvertently drained too much after our session this past Tuesday? 

"So, how much is too much? Does that mean I can only siphon once a week? Once a month?" 

"As with most things, it varies by the individual. The concept could be likened to a source of sustenance for our Fae spirits. Different people need different amounts of food. Most Incubi need to feed substantially at least once a week." 

"I see. I guess I...fed about three days ago. I've been feeling increasingly in need of, uh, more food, since then." 

His lips spread into a grin. "Yes, that sensation is your inner Fae telling you it needs additional nourishment. Be wary of waiting overlong to feed your Fae, as beyond a point it will, shall we say, 'take over' to feed itself. Something to be avoided, to be sure. Our inner Fae do not have the same sense of propriety that most humans do." 

I nodded understanding. Right. Good tip then. 

"There next bit of advice comes in the form of a lesson -- I'd like to show you a mental exercise that will allow you to increase control of your Vitae. Will you learn it?" 

"Gratefully." 

He moved forward on his couch. "Before we begin, do you have any experience with meditation?" 

I nodded, thinking of the lessons we learned as a class lying on the floor of the school library as our psych teacher instructed us how to clear our minds. 

"Excellent, that will save us some time. Begin by closing your eyes and seeking a state of meditation, emptying your mind of thoughts and stilling each muscle within your body. 

"If it makes it easier for you, feel free to lay down on that couch." 

I did so, taking a few minutes to systematically focus on and "shut down" each muscle group in my body. 

"As you still your mind, imagine a tunnel in front of you. The tunnel is anchored to the core of your body and to a distant point in the universe, connecting them." 

I formed the mental construct, and after a moment, was able to sense a very faint tugging from where the tunnel met my imagined body. I could tell it wasn't physical, but it was there nonetheless. More than just a tugging, it paradoxically felt like a pushing and a pulling at the same time. 

"Very Good. Now, visualize all the random peripheral thoughts in your head as noise that exists outside of that tunnel. Pull all of those thoughts into you, then push them out, into your tunnel." 

After a minute, the exercise started to make the strange pushing/pulling sensation stronger. I also felt like the little voice in my head that chanted incessantly about needing to get laid was quieted. Slightly, at any rate. Five minutes later, Elias seemed satisfied that I had done well enough. 

"Excellent. You appear to have gotten the knack of it. Practice this as often as you are able. Eventually, you will be able to center and maintain that connection almost subconsciously, improving your ability to preserve and control the Vitae as well as muting your Fae presence from other Fae. 

Opening my eyes, I felt different somehow. Tighter, more focused, or something. It was hard to put my finger on it. 

"There is one last topic I would discuss with you before returning you to your friends. It regards the use of your power." 

Uh oh, here it comes. I expected a moralizing sermon about the just use of the Vitae, or some such, but he surprised me with what he said next. 

"As I said earlier, it is important for you to experiment with your abilities, but I will make a suggestion. You will likely find yourself accumulating many new partners as you learn and grow into your new abilities, but understand two things as you do so: 

"Firstly, repeated sexual contact with a partner will, beyond a point, enthrall them to your will. As always, how much contact it takes depends on your intent and adeptness in using the Vitae of the Incubus. A reasonable rule of thumb, should you wish to prevent this, is to avoid engaging a single partner in coitus more than three times within a two-week span of time. More than this and may become enthralled. Note that this does not make them complete slaves to your will, but they will desire to please and agree with you above all else, their core beliefs becoming aligned with yours. 

"Even prior to this enthrallment, however, you'll find that women you use your power on will be more susceptible to suggestion, though their agency will remain entirely their own. Keep this in mind. 

"Secondly, and related to the previous point, is that it is in our nature to surround ourselves with a fixed group of readily available women to sate our needs and those of our Fae, as well as to procreate with. A "harem", if you'll pardon the term. In my experience, it is best to embrace this desire, rather than fight it. 

"Your harem will provide you with the Vitae you will require to sustain and, over time, enhance your Fae bond. This will allow you to live as normal a life as possible so as to avoid unwanted attention. It has benefits for your women as well, but I will not get into those today. Most importantly, with regard to the makeup of your harem, is the role of the Queen. This will be the member of your harem that leads, organizes, and manages your lesser partners, particularly in your absence. You will find your Queen to be indispensable, so choose this partner with great care." 

Damn, this was a lot to think about. Still, I was giddy with the thought of "shopping" for harem members. Then I thought about who I could possibly select for a Queen, and my high crashed hard at the thought that there was only one name that came to mind, and that person was almost certainly sitting quietly stewing about how much I had disappointed her tonight, quite possibly questioning why she ever called me a friend. 

I stood up as he ashed his cigar once more, intuiting that our Q&A session was at an end, setting my scotch glass down on the end table. "Thank you, Elias. This is a lot to take in, but I really appreciate your help." 

He stood as well, moving to the door to let me out. "It is no trouble. The transition can be difficult. Self-discovery is an essential part of what you are experiencing, but a nudge here and there can help to make the process less troublesome." 

He reached out and shook my hand once more. 

"Maria will give you a way to contact me, should you have need." 

As if on cue, I saw Maria rounding the corner at one end of the hall, approaching us. How could she have known?... 

"If there is anything else you require this evening, please rely on her. She will see to your party's comfort. Please enjoy the entertainment. Good night." 

With that, he withdrew into his office once more, heavy wooden doors announcing the conclusion of our meeting. 

"Sir, if you'll follow me." She swept a hand across her by way of directing me on. 

Before returning me to the group, Maria handed me a business card with a hand written number on the back. "Mr. Romack's private number." She explained. "I'm sure I don't need to caution you to keep it confidential." 

"Of course. And, thank you." 

The rest of the group sat around the table, clearly having enjoyed the free top shelf drinks in my absence. I got a searching glance from Ella, but she quickly looked away, returning to pointedly ignoring me once again. I knew she was pissed about my getting up close and personal with Sandy and Amy earlier on the dance floor. The disgust I saw in her eyes when she caught me plumbing the depths of Sandy's mouth while Amy boldly humped my backside earlier was hard to miss. 

Sandy was aimlessly molesting me through my pants under the table while she outwardly listened to Jack tell a joke. My thoughts were elsewhere for the moment, anxious about the rift that had most definitely formed between Ella and I. The waves of cold regard were almost palpable from across the table. It brought me some small satisfaction that apparently Jack was taking collateral damage from the onslaught of icy vibes she was transmitting. I was determined not to feel bad about this, though. She said I didn't belong, and I was proving to her and all of them that I was just as good as they were. I relaxed into the plush seat to more thoroughly enjoy Sandy's assault on my cock as it slithered toward my left knee. I'd deal with Ella later. Right now, I was just gonna enjoy this. My hand went to Sandy's toned thigh in response. 

Forty minutes later we had all finished the champagne. Everyone but Ella apparently cultivating a nice pleasant buzz, including myself. Sandy and I had gotten increasingly 'handsy' as time went on, Ella's frosty glares getting worse in relative proportion. 

There was an Uber XL already on location, so it took only minutes to leave and be on our way back. When the Uber arrived at Sandy's, Ella virtually jumped out of the minivan and stormed off towards Jack's car. Realizing it was locked, she stomped back over to Jack, who was tipsy and distracted enough not to notice her departure, and thrust her hand out, saying, "Keys!" 

He looked confused for a minute, then finally fished them out of his pocket, only to have them violently snatched out of his hand before Ella returned to his Lexus and sat in it, seething as she stared out the window at nothing. 

I looked at her worriedly over my shoulder as Sandy pulled me by the hand toward the house, wondering if I'd ever seen her this upset. It was probably the first time I didn't envy Jack in the months he had been dating Ella. Both couples drove off, and Amy made her way inside, stumbling the entire way to the couch, where she looked to pass out immediately. She had succumbed to the lure of alcohol worse than any of us that night, and was feeling it now. 

With all the distractions gone, I was able to focus completely on Sandy, who I strongly suspected wanted to tear off my clothes before we even got to her bedroom. Without breaking our frenzied groping of one another, we shuffled up to her bedroom. She pushed me in towards the bed, turning on and dimming the lamp on her dresser. 

Sandy looked almost crazed with lust as she strutted towards me, kicking off her heels. I remembered to try to feed my thoughts and emotions to the mental construct Elias had taught me. As I did so, my sense of awareness of Sandy became much more acute. I couldn't exactly read her thoughts, but my intuition was telling me just what she wanted at that moment, and it was to free the thick python that bulged from my jeans. The thought brought my cock the last little bit to reach "raging hard-on" status. 

She knelt down in her dress, hair unbound and wild from my groping giving her a slutty mien as she crawled toward me. Fixated on my cock, she was on me a moment later, frantically working at my jeans button. I stood up to lower my pants, staring down into the cavernous cleavage framed by her black dress for the hundredth time that night. Her succulent breasts begged me to cup them. 

Jerking my fitted jeans down, my cock sprang up and almost hit her in the chin. Standing tall and proud, it bobbed in time with my heart, and she sat enrapt, admiring it like someone had just given her the best birthday present ever. Thank God; she was so distracted by it that she didn't see the fattened maxi pad fall out of my jeans, ripe with copious amounts of pre-cum from the evening. 

"Oh my Go-." She whispered, looking up into my eyes with a look of utter shock. I sat back on the bed, putting my weight on my hands behind me but never losing eye contact. 

"Touch it." I ordered quietly. She nodded slowly. 

Finally breaking eye contact, she lowered her gaze to my upright cock. Sandy's fingers were cool on my hot, engorged manhood as she caressed it like a cherished pet. It drooled pre-cum freely on her hands, soiling those delicate manicured fingers. I was in heaven. Just as much from the submissive sense of worship I was getting from the buxom teen in front of me as the pleasure from her touch. My warm fluids covered and lubricated my cock as she wrapped both hands around it and stroked every inch of me. Her grip was tiny compared to my angry, vascular phallus, but her fingers slid up and down, twisting around, diligently covering it with my pre. There was so much sticky fluid running down the underside of my cock that her upward stroke accumulated a thick globule on the side of her thumb. Noticing, she stared in wonder at it. 

"Holy shit Adam. I've never seen anything like this. You've pumping out more of this stuff than most guys can cum!" 

I grabbed her hand as she stared at in shock, slowly moving it toward her mouth. 

"Taste." 

She pulled the fat glop of pre into her mouth, sucking at her thumb and moaning in pleasure as she did my bidding. After a second or two she gasped, immediately pitching forward toward my crotch. Laying her head on my thigh while clinging to me, she convulsed in violent tremors as a powerful orgasm overtook her. I put my hand on her head and gently stroked her hair, letting it run its course and savoring the Vitae that I felt suffusing me from her satisfaction -- it was certainly nice to know what that was now. 

I could scarcely believe she came just from that. Either she was so worked up that I don't know how she made it through the evening without jumping me, or my pre-cum is one hella strong aphrodisiac. 

Waiting for her to come around, I had a perverse thought and acted upon it, flexing my PC muscle and flinging gobbets of pre-cum onto her face. A little treat for later, in case she didn't get it all cleaned off. Was that wrong? Meh. 

Since she still suffered minor aftershocks, I guessed a blowjob wasn't imminent, so I decided to take the initiative from there. My alpha male was firmly in the driver's seat as I reached down and gently picked her up in a bridal carry to seat her on the bed. She felt so light in my arms, and could only stare into my eyes drunkenly as I unzipped the side of her tiny dress. She barely got her arms up so I could pull it off. 
