 Writer's Note: Fair warning, there's a good deal of sex in this chapter. I suspect that won't bother most folks, but I'm still striving for a good balance of plot and erotica. It does have a purpose within the story, as I hope you'll see. Let me know what you think. Thanks for reading. 

"Oh! Honey, you scared me!" my mother exclaimed, nearly colliding with me on the way to the washing machine. 

"Sorry Mom, my fault." 

"Adam, Honey, what are you doing with all these?" she inquired, pointing at the stack of freshly laundered bath towels I was holding. 

"Oh, um...I spilled some soda in my room the other day and grabbed a bunch of them to make sure none of it stained the carpet." 

Pretty thin Adam. Pretty thin. Four full-sized bath towels to absorb a 12 ounce can of soda? Uh huh... 

Of course, I couldn't tell her that I was using them at night to soak up my "emissions", washing them every few days to cut down on suspicion. 

My dreams were always the same - a parade of lewd scenes, rolling like some clip show of the choicest Pornhub vids all pasted together and masterfully edited. Only it wasn't some other guy's hirsute ass I saw in the pussy pounding close-up, it was mine (though now hairless). I strongly suspected that my immortal Fae was channeling the vivid imagery to me nightly as a kind of subliminal learning on the many forms of sensuality. 

I'd tried condoms, but they were useless. Nowhere near voluminous enough to accommodate the quantities I was dealing with overnight, they inevitably popped off well before dawn. Unfortunately, my newfound mental control hadn't taken well enough yet to help me with "my flow" as I slept, so night after night I issued pre-cum like a ruptured water main as the smorgasbord of sexy imagery played out. I had grown tired of washing my sheets every day, so this was the best solution I could come up with. 

She raised a disbelieving eyebrow, looking like she was about to press on the subject, but became distracted, stepping up next to me. 

"Honey, are you-? Stand up straight for a second." 

I did, allowing her to compare our heights. My mom was tall for a woman, standing at exactly my height of five foot ten. 

"You are, look! You're taller than me now." She traced our heights with the flat of her hand, moving it up an inch or two to the top of my head. 

I shrugged, unsurprised. "Huh. Must have hit a late growth spurt or something, I guess." 

She laid a hand on my shoulder, giving it a little squeeze. "My little guy has gotten so big." She said wistfully. 

I started to panic, horrified that I might be affecting my own mother somehow. 

She looked at me sadly. "I know I haven't been around as much lately with the new job, and your father seems to be away on business a lot more than usual. We haven't been the best parents to you, and here you've gone and grown up without us even noticing." 

"Mom, com'on. It's not a big deal." I soothed, relaxing that she was just concerned about my being neglected. 

"Well, why don't we catch up tonight? Your father won't be back until this weekend, so it'll just be the two of us. A little mother/son bonding. I'll make your favorite - my homemade chicken pot pie. How's that sound?" 

"That sounds great Mom, I'd like that." I smiled warmly. 

She turned to go, but caught herself, "Oh, and before I forget - I'm having my new boss over to the house on Friday night. She recently transferred in from the Vancouver office, and could probably use a good meal. She's really putting a lot of responsibility on me, and I want to show her I'm up to the task by going over my business plan. 

"I think you'll be impressed with her; she's regarded as one of the most talented executive VPs at Forge Whiteman. She's been known to bring on young business students with a lot of potential, like you. An internship like that would look great on your CV for those college apps. I'm sure she'll be just as impressed with your achievements as I am." 

"But Friday night? Really?" I whined, not wanting to lose a weekend night to some moldy middle-aged manager type who would poke at my business sense and accomplishments. I wasn't young enough to think that folks in the real world would necessarily echo a parent's pride. 

"Oh, it's just one night. I'd really like it if you tried. You can never start too early in building connections when you're going into business, Sweetie. Someday you'll be thanking me for pushing you to do this." 

"Ugh. Fine." I grumped. And I was planning on getting laid Friday night too. Hmm, maybe schedule a little quality time with Christine one evening this week. 

The lines at the edges of her eyes crinkled in a smile, "Thank you, Sweetie. 

"Now get going!" She made shooing motions, "You've got school in 20 minutes." 

******************* 

It was Wednesday afternoon, and I was headed to Ella's house to apologize and do whatever I could to patch things up. Forgoing the car, I figured the three-quarter mile walk would help me clear my head. 

Brandon was right; I was being an idiot. I had a great girl right in front of me all this time and I never appreciated her friendship. I doubted that our middle school puppy love had ripened for her as it had for me, but she was still precious to me, lover or friend. I could make excuses all day about how intimidated I had been by her, but the fact was that I had been a little bitch by avoiding her, and she didn't deserve that. 

If there was one sure positive that had come out of the past couple weeks, is was that Adam Connor was no longer a pussy. Now he needed to man the fuck up and own his shit. 

I wasn't deluded enough to think that I could knock on the door and have her begging for my cock within the hour, but I owed it to her to be her friend again. Hell, even if it was only to commiserate with her when the insensitive prick she's dating acted the way he always did. 

Then again, that was part of the problem, wasn't it? The part that made this so difficult. To resist taking the "easy way out" and use my gifts on her. Because the truth was that if I really wanted to, I probably could have her naked on the floor, pleading for me to glaze those glorious tits. It just didn't feel right. 

At least, I don't think it did. 

Arghh! My duality of mind was pervasive and driving me crazy. How could I be crushing on Ella as though she's the only woman in the world for me one moment, and slipping into bed with Sandy the next? Believing I'd give up anything to be with her for the rest of my life on Saturday, then casually fucking and snuggling with Christine all Sunday afternoon as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Wanting desperately to breed my girls one minute, yet hours later feeling only icy dread at the thought that it may have actually happened (indeed, in my rational state of mind earlier that week, I had been relieved to learn that Sandy was on the pill). 

Clearly the girls weren't the only ones falling victim to my Fae. My own mind was being warped into something I didn't recognize. Paradoxically, that it had progressed so far was probably the only thing that was keeping me from melting down into a serious crisis of conscience. The thoughts were only getting stronger, so I decided I'd work to wrest some control from the Fae inside me, if such a thing were possible. I would mold his spirit just as he twisted my psyche. 

But it just felt so good to be that way. So powerful and right. 

At length, I arrived, skipping up onto the porch and ringing the bell. 

The green LED on her family's Nest Cam peered at me, unblinking. I looked up at it and gave a brittle smile, not knowing who may be looking through it. 

"Adam, come on, can't you take a hint?" her voice, tinny from the diminutive speaker, issued from the spy cam a minute later. "We have nothing to say to each other." 

I deflated. Why did I think this was ever going to be easy? 

"Ella, please, can we talk?" 

Stony silence. 

"Look, if you really don't want to talk to me, can I at least apologize for being an asshole last weekend?" I was determined not to whine. I wouldn't be that guy anymore. 

Several seconds later, the door opened, and I found a statuesque beauty in tight jeans and a brown cotton sweater standing in the entrance with her phone in her hand, Nest app open. Even dressed casually with her hair up in a messy bun, she was radiantly beautiful, and my heart ached at the thought of the distance that had grown between us. 

She looked resigned. "Adam, I read your texts. I know you feel bad about what you said. 

"Some of it is my fault too. Even though you completely took what I said the wrong way, and never gave me even a second to explain, I get it." 

Oh, thank God. "Ella-" 

She cut in. "-It's in the past, and I'm over it. But...I'm not sure how to say this... It's just, there's so much stuff going on with you that I don't even recognize you anymore. The friend I knew wasn't some club-hopping maniac, desperate to sleep with every girl that shows the slightest bit of interest. 

"And since when do you dress like...that!" she waved a hand over me, indicating my tight t-shirt and jeans. I caught her glance linger over my package for a moment. 

"This?" I picked at my shirt, "What's wrong with this? I've always worn stuff like this. It's just a T-shirt and jeans." 

"Not like that, you haven't." Again I caught her eyes quickly taking in my form, and she flushed. "It's just...well, it's kind of obscene. How about wearing something that fits? I mean, you're bulging out of that all over!" 

She went from red to scarlet, my own face reddening to match her. It felt surreal talking with Ella about my cock, even if it was indirectly. But maybe she had a point. I was packing almost eight and a half girthy inches down below now, maybe it was time to try something other than the slim fit jeans. Even though she had framed it negatively, I couldn't help but feel giddy that Ella had been checking out my package. 

"Hey, I can't help, uh...that." I countered defensively. I mean, sure, I certainly didn't mind it, but it's not like I did it to myself. Right? 

"Look, Adam, what I'm saying is that you've changed. The Adam I knew wouldn't have a girl hanging off each arm walking down the hallways at school, sucking face at every opportunity. I don't know what it is with you lately, but as soon as you come around they all just go into heat. And you eat it up! It's sick! 

"And anyway, I don't know why it even matters to you all of a sudden. It's not like you've said more than a few words to me in the last three years." Her eyes were downcast as she started to shut the door. "I should go." 

My blood ran cold. I felt like my fears were becoming reality right before my eyes. I could accept the fact that she was upset with me because I had acted badly. At least in time I could fix that. But if she didn't even want my friendship...that hurt so much worse. 

"Wait, Ella." I put my hand to the door, stopping it. She didn't resist. The flecks of green in her hazel eyes were dull as she looked down at me. 

I gulped, mind racing for something to say to fix this. 

"Okay..." I gulped. "Full disclosure. I know I've been an ass, but just let me lay my cards on the table. Ten minutes of your time to explain everything. Please." 

"Well..." She looked torn, but stared into my eyes, considering. I tried to make my desperation show in my gaze. "Okay. Come on in." 

I sagged, relieved that she at least cared enough about our friendship to give me a few minutes. 

Now to decide - just how much do I say? 

She took me downstairs to the rec room, the path we used to tread a familiar one from a different time in our lives. A deep sense of nostalgia swept through me. The slightly musty smell of the partially finished basement brought to mind Street Fighter tournaments and bean bag chairs. Late night talks over pizza and sodas. 

Ella grabbed a bottle of iced tea for each of us out of her dad's beer fridge, and flounced onto the couch across from me. 

"I'm surprised you even fit down here anymore, Jolly Green." I smirked, pulling on an old nickname to break the ice a bit. 

"Ha-Ha." She mocked. 

"Sorry, just trying to lighten the mood. I feel like I'm at a job interview or something, sheesh." I pulled at my collar mockingly. 

"Yeah, yeah. Hey, you were the one who wanted to talk." 

I got serious. "You're right, I'm sorry. 

"Look, what I wanted to say is that I really miss us being close friends. And yeah, I know I've changed lately. I can't explain all of it, but there's some pretty weird stuff going on with me...medically." 

She drew back in surprise, covering her mouth with a hand. "Oh. Is...is it serious?" 

"No. Well, I mean, I don't think it is... I don't really know for sure, but it doesn't seem to be anything bad, per se." 

How much to tell her. I wanted to be honest, figuring it might buy me some sympathy and actually explain why I'd acted like a bit of a player lately, but I really didn't want to go as far as telling her about having tons of sex with multiple partners. 

"Well, maybe you should see a doctor about it." She peered at me. "No offense, Adam, but how could a disease turn you into a chick magnet? I don't know what's going on with your...body..." she looked away, blushing, "but the Adam I knew wouldn't have moved quite so fast with Sandy Mathers. 

"Speaking of that, I hear you and she are together now?" I tried to focus on her to see if the notion bothered her, but she said it in a very even tone of voice, making it impossible to tell. 

"Yeah, I guess. I mean, what's 'together'? We're just having fun. What's the harm? Isn't that what high school romance is supposed to be? I wouldn't' really know... 

"And why am I getting the fifth degree about this, anyway? You've dated, too. You telling me you and Jack have never...?" 

"Well, maybe...maybe not." She rushed on, "But even if we have, we certainly don't flaunt our relationship in front of the entire student body. You and Sandy are just shameless! And she's not the only one - I saw Amy was getting pretty physical with you last Saturday too." 

I couldn't shake the sense that both of us were almost making excuses for why we were with other people. Because personally, I only felt that way since I felt guilty about being with someone who wasn't Ella. I wondered if she felt that way, too. Probably too much to hope for... 

"Wait a second, back up. I feel like gone off on a tangent here. 

"What I really wanted to tell you was that I miss your friendship, and that I want to make up for being shitty to you all those years by avoiding you. Just because I've changed a little lately when it comes to...girls, doesn't mean it's any less easy to tell you...tell you that I had a massive crush on you for years. 

"Girls, particularly smart, stunningly beautiful, insanely tall, and fun girls, like, ahem, you, are really intimidating! Let's face it, you went from being my nerdy friend to this untouchable Goddess that every popular kid in school wanted in their group. How was I supposed to cope with that?" 

She blushed, looking at the floor. "Adam, I'm sorry you feel that way, but none of that is my fault. I've never really taken to that crowd. You know that." Some of her frustration from years of my neglect bled into her tone. 

"You said it earlier: it's not like I asked for this." She waved her hands over her body, immediately making me think of how undeniably sexy she was now. "Give me a little credit, I'm not an idiot. I understood your discomfort, and always tried to give you space. 

"But in the end, the space cost me your friendship. And I'm not trying to lay my problems at your feet in saying so, but some really bad stuff happened to me, and you weren't there to rely on like you always were before." She started to tear up a bit. "That really hurt." 

My face burned; I felt like I could die of shame from the hurt I'd caused her. I moved to her couch and looked up into her eyes, trying to convey my intense sense of regret. Gently, I laid a hand on her knee. She startled from the contact, but allowed it. I felt a slight sting when her hand didn't move to touch mine. 

Ella sniffed, pulling herself together. 

"Seriously Adam, why the sudden interest in rekindling this friendship?" she looked at me without hope. "I hope this isn't in some misguided attempt to get me to sleep with you. I'm not one of 'your girls'," she air-quoted, eyes narrowed, "and we are definitely not having sex." 

Ouch, I won't lie, that one stung. 

"Pssshht. Uh, no." I scoffed, acting as if the thought was ridiculous while I reeled inside. Maybe I had more damage to undo than I thought. Still, I had to start somewhere. "I just miss the good times we used to have. It's not too late for me to be a shoulder to cry on." 

"But, assuming we could make the friend thing work again, is it going to be awkward? Cause I certainly don't need that anymore. A lot of worry over something you had no intention to fix." 

Her bitterness was clearly deeper than I had realized. 

"I mean, you're over me, right? Cause I've got enough guy "friends" trying to get into my pants. I certainly don't need that from you too." 

I acted deeply wounded, which honestly required no acting at all. Maybe I wasn't the only one who had changed; when did she get so cold? 

"Ouch!!  Man, and you were giving me shit two minutes ago about avoiding you. Ever think it was for reasons like that?" 

She nodded, eyes downcast and properly chastised. 

"Sorry, but I need to be sure. Something is up with you lately and you've...no offense, but with the way you've been acting around Sandy, I'm not even sure I fully trust you." And I thought I was in pain before... "And anyway, Jack and I are really happy." 

Okay, I might be an idiot with women, but that one was a lie. It was obvious to everyone - possibly even Jack - that she was uncomfortable around him. I'd never seen her so much as kiss him on the mouth. 

"Yeah, yeah. Off limits, I swear." I held up three fingers. I moved back to the other couch. "There, better? Now you can't accuse the creeper of molesting you." I tried to make my tone light to act like I was joking, but it didn't work entirely. 

She looked down. "Sorry, I shouldn't have said that. I guess maybe I'm a little jealous." I arched brows skeptically. "Oh, I don't mean that I envy Sandy, just what you have together." I deflated inside. "Despite the fact that you hornballs seem to hump each other like you're shooting a porn video every day at school, you do seem really happy together. At last, from the little bit I've seen." 

"Well, not to put too fine a point on it, but where does this leave us? Aside from you thinking I'm human scum and possibly grudgingly accepting my friendship, despite serious misgivings." 

I knew I should have been above digging at her like that, but I couldn't help it. She had cut me, and I couldn't help wanting to make sure she knew it. 

Her back went up, then she slumped. I waited her out as she thought for a moment, eventually moving to me and grabbing my hand deliberately. 

"Hey, I feel like a complete bitch. I shouldn't have said all those things. You'll have to forgive me a bit of resentment. Your sex life is none of my concern. I'm happy for you Adam, and I'd be really happy to have my old friend back." She smiled genuinely. Every inch of her face radiating warmth. 

I beamed in return, patting her hand and feeling its sublime softness. 

"You know, my dad is having another poker game next weekend with the neighborhood guys. I think he said your dad is coming. Why don't you come with? We can blow the dust off the old Street Fighter discs." Her crooked smile was so beautiful, I wished I could capture it forever. 
