 All human activity in India began early in the day for two reasons: one to escape the heat of the midday and two, the sheer volume of things that needed to be done each day. 

"Both these truths apply to me," thought Claire Baxter, as she stood motionless in the small garden of her rented bungalow practising her yoga, no matter how pressing matters were she always found the time and matters at the present were pressing indeed. 

Fluidly changing her position she kept her breathing low and steady the sign of a yoga expert. She'd been a 22-year-old Fine Arts/History Grad Schoolgirl before C.O.I.L. (Counter Operations Intelligence League) recruited her and here she was 8 years later still alive, no small miracle given the type of life she led. One final move, then a quick walk round her small but attractive garden to smell the flowers.

"Always stop and smell the flowers, life is short," she thought and laughed out loud in spite of herself at the gallows humour of it all. 

Picking up her towel she walked back inside pausing in front of the mirror. Her cotton shirt clung seductively to her breasts and hips due to the perspiration from her morning workout. Her body was slim, tanned and most importantly to her toned, in her line of work a fit body was a requirement. The cotton magnificently displayed all the wondrous curves she processed, the very curves that men had become lost in so many times, until it was to late. Truth was she loved her job, the danger, the excitement, and the exhilaration of being the predator and yes, sometimes even the prey. She dreaded the day when she would no longer be a viable field agent. Sometimes she admitted to herself it would be better to die on assignment than behind a desk. However much she thought that she wasn't wishing it anytime in the near future

"There's still life in the old girl yet", she thought and turned away from the mirror to a more important matter....her assignment. 

Dr. Parvez Patel had been a noted genetic research scientist in both the animal and botanical fields. A series of unauthorised gene splicing and grafting experiments; all with apocalyptic results had permanently removed him from any stable source of funding. Without the money pit of government aid he turned to any organisation that would support his experiments into recombinant DNA. Money came alright in the form of D.O.O.M. (Dominion of Organisation Mayhem) intent on destabilising the region of 1.5 billion people they had given Dr. Patel an order to produce genetically modified seeds for next year's crop, under the guise that they would grow stronger plants. Since the government controlled the seed distribution and what to grow they would take the blame when the seeds failed. The result, chaos and anarchy would reign. D.O.O.M. under the cover of perfectly legitimate companies would offer help to the poor unfortunate starving people in exchange for concessions from the government, which they would naturally grant to them to avoid being toppled. In a few years D.O.O.M. would control the entire strategically important region. 

Dr. Patel was slated to hand over the formula in 3 days. Notoriously suspicious and secretive he kept all the data lock inside himself, only he knew the formula. Thus he was in a position of both strength and weakness, this gave COIL it's opening and the reason Claire was sent. COIL needed to terminate Dr. Patel and Claire had been assigned. The how and the where were up to her. 

"Just what I always wanted in a job, the freedom to make your own decisions", she thought sarcastically. Anyway it gave her the chance to be creative in how she would do it and if Claire was anything she was creative. 

COIL was worried about the short time to complete the assignment. Claire never let that concern her for she had already met Dr. Patel and his executive assistant slash DOOM protection Manjit at an exposition of Indian Art. He was a noted collector of Indian sculpture and Claire had to admit some of his pieces were stunning, but apparently not as stunning as Dr. Patel found Claire. 

He was giving a lecture on an early piece of the God Vishnu when she entered the hall. Walking slowly down the isle she took a seat in the front row very near him. Sitting down she methodically crossed her legs as only a woman confidant in her appeal can do. She had him from that moment and for the rest of the lecture he never took his eyes off of her for more than 10 seconds. The fact that her opal-coloured blouse was open just enough to show what needed to be showed and that she would recross her luscious legs every so often didn't hurt. While Dr. Patel was entranced Manjit was studying Claire with a clinical eye. "Much to dangerous", she thought. 

After the lecture Dr. Patel come over and introduced himself and Manjit. Claire had no trouble impressing him with her knowledge of Art History, that being part of her formal educational background. 

"Your collection must be quite fabulous if the pieces here are any indication," she recalled saying. 

"Thank you Miss. Baxter," he said. "Yes many fine pieces unfortunately some far too important and too delicate to move from my estate."

Claire gave him a smile that told him he was making progress with her.

"Miss. Bax.." he started to say before she put her hand on his arm.

"No, please call me Claire," she uttered.

"As I was saying, Miss. I mean Claire", he laughed at little and then continued. "You are welcome to come to my estate and I will personally show you around". Like all men he rushed to quickly to the trap only seeing the bait and not the hook. "How about tomorrow at 9:00am before all the heat", he asked wantonly. 

"You work fast Dr.," she said and smiled, giving him a false sense of triumph. "Tomorrow it is."

This was enough for Manjit she slipped her arm around the doctors and stated firmly 

"Doctor we must be going now!"

"Yes, Yes," said the doctor absently, for he was watching Claire who had turned around, gone over to her lecture chair and bent over to pick up her notes. Dr. Patel's eyes travelled up and down Claire's legs. Claire couldn't see his serpentine smile at that moment but she felt it. She pushed down the revulsion; she had a job to do. A quick backward glance on the way out of the lecture room saw he still had is eyes locked on her. Claire's smile was triumphant. Her skills as a spy told her she had him. Her skills as a woman told her the same. 

Looking up from her assignment notes and brushing the previous day's recollections from her mind she put her thoughts into action. She took a shower, dried and when to the closet to pick the proper bait to draw him closer, but not to close, not yet.

"This will do fine," she purred. 

Standing in front of the mirror an hour later was the bait she needed. A forest green V necked blouse with an open back and bare arms, a white shirt cut just above the knee with 2" white pumps. A pearl necklace and matching earrings and bracelet finished the outfit. The doorbell rang; her cab was here and waiting. The adrenaline built in Claire; she loved the seduction and the impending game. 

"Focus, Focus!" she told herself as she stepped into the cab. 

The doctor's estate was about twenty minutes out of town. When it came into view Claire noticed that it was surrounded by what appeared to be a large green hedge of about twelve feet in height. Along the hedge every 50 feet or so were entrance doors. She made a mental note to ask about these doors. The car turned onto the grounds continuing up the drive until a magnificent mansion came into view. The mansion, the left behind traces of the British colonial period in India was quite impressive. The car rolled to a stop and the driver came around to open the door just as Dr. Patel came bounding down the large front steps to meet his guest. 

"Perfect timing, put your best foot forward!" she thought. 

Not only did she put her best foot forward, but also her stunning legs. An impossibly thin ankle followed by a beautiful calf and just a hint of thigh she managed to reveal for the doctor's pleasure. Claire was upon the doctor before he could recover his stare. When he did Claire didn't like the look she was shown. Instead of embarrassment at being caught out in a schoolboy gaze what blazed in his eyes were cold malicious thoughts. She pretended not to notice. 

"Play the game," she told herself, "you'll get your revenge later!"

She slipped her arm around his and they walked up the steps through the doors and into an opulent marble foyer. Two halls led off the foyer in either direction for the main wings of the house. Two burly guards came up behind Claire as the doctor suddenly turned on her and said.

"Please remove all your jewellery and hand your purse over to these two gentleman for safe keeping, it will be returned to you when you leave."

Claire stared at him in amazement.

"Why?" she asked, trying her best to should astonished at such a strange request. 

"In my line of work many people wish me harm, how do I know one of your accoutrements is not a weapon," he stated flatly. 

Claire thought about arguing but decided building up his trust was smarter, she could spend it later when she really needed it. She handed over her belongings as demanded. Both the guards now scanned her with security wands.

"Two wands, isn't that a bit of overkill?" she asked, smiling all the time.

"One wand is for metal the other detects chemical residue one can never be to careful you may be trying to sneak in a poison with which to kill me," he offered causally.

"All clear," grunted one of the guards. 

Claire was thankful she'd listen to her intuition and not worn some of her more exotic accessories she would not have been able to explain them away. Dr. Patel's voice brought her back to reality. 

"Now that you are now completely defenceless we can start the tour."

" If only he knew the truth, a woman is never defenceless against a man," she thought.

Claire was shown the house and made small talk about the art showing just enough interest with a question here and a salient point there to keep up the rouse. She notice that doors to certain rooms were opened with a retinal eye scanning system including the doctors office which they now past into. A very large room it was indeed, with a vaulted ceiling, carved support columns, sandalwood panelling all around and a large bank of T.V. monitors on one wall, Claire counted 30 in all. The only other way out of the room was through two large French doors that led out to the garden. As it was around the house, the hedge was here to; in fact it came right up to the house on either side of the doors, the path it made led off into what looked like a maze. Claire walked out the doors and over to the hedge and reached up to touch it. She was just about to make contact when Dr. Patel's hand grabbed hers away from it. 

"I wouldn't do that if I were you my dear Claire," he said knowingly. "You see although the hedge is only about 6 inches thick the leaves are very acidic and will burn your lovely skin should you come in contact with them. I value my privacy so I designed something pleasant yet forceful enough to maintain it. They surround the entire estate this part is a maze that I sometimes go walking in for reflection. Please don't venture out there alone as only I know the exact way through the maze and I would hate to lose you so soon,"

"I noticed doors into the garden as I came in today," she asked leaving the sentence to trial off in the hopes he would pick it up.

"Yes, those doors are for the gardeners, each has a specific area to keep up and that is the most efficient way for them to get in and out of the grounds otherwise they would become lost and then it would be a nuisance to find them all the time. Also this way I never have to see them and as such I'm never interrupted," he stated as a matter of fact. 

"Come back inside my dear and we'll have a drink and get to know each other a little better," his voice said, not without a hint of panting in it. 

She had noticed that he always walked slightly off to the side a little behind her. Claire felt his eyes roaming up and down her body.

"Good," she thought. "Keep your eyes on my ass and legs, just like a man, think with your dick and not your head, all the better for me." 

Claire walked over to a love seat and elegantly deposited herself in the chair, in one fluid motion, the effect further mesmerised the doctor and he was beside her in an instant. Claire tilted and moved her face closer to him, the prelude to a kiss and he responded in kind. Then suddenly she pulled away; she was playing a game with him, a game she was very good at. 

"I thought I was going to see your collection of sculptures so far I've only seen a few," she said with fake reflection in her voice. 

For a second anger flashed across his face and his eyes went black, but as quickly as it was there is was gone or so he hoped as he tried his best to recover the situation. 

"My dear compared to your beauty, what could I offer in stone or marble that could compare," he oozed. 

"You seek to flatter me doctor and it just may be working," a lie but said well she thought and fast, given the cheesiness of his words. 

"I'm having a party tomorrow night, I would love for you to come and be my date. I could even introduce you to some very influential people, and as a surprise I'll have some special sculptures for you to see right here," he said sweeping his hand across the room to indicate the spot and then added. 

"Kind of a private showing if you will." 

Claire looked at him; the fish was ready to bite. Her left hand ran slowly and seductively up her leg, stopping at her knee. All the while her right hand was snaking its way around his neck, she loved the art of distraction. Her lips slightly parted she drew his lips to hers for a soft moist kiss, just long enough to promise sweeter things to come. As she pulled her lips away she said.

"I guess you have your answer, tomorrow night then," she said, as she got up from the couch and started walking towards the door, the doctor in tow. 

The doctor opened the door and they started to walk down the hall towards the entrance when Manjit appeared from her office.

"Good news Manjit!" Dr Patel sung. "Miss Baxter is coming to the party tomorrow night!"

"Wonderful!" said Manjit, only it came out more as exasperation than joy. 

Claire translated it as "Big Mistake!" 

"Very good doctor I will prepare an invitation right away and have it delivered to you this afternoon, I will see to you personally Miss Baxter," she said icily. 

"I shall prepare the invitation and something else for you as well," she added as an after thought in her mind. 

"Doctor I need to talk to you on an urgent matter I'm sure Miss Baxter understands and can see her own way out, a cab shall be called for you," Manjit stated, authority and purpose registering in her voice. 

"Tomorrow night then," said Claire and just to put the final stamp on the conversation leaned forward and kissed Dr. Patel again. 

"That bitch isn't going to upstage me!" she though and turned away down the hall toward the entrance, all the while she could feel the doctor and Manjit's eyes on her, she wasn't sure which set of eyes were more threatening! 

"Doctor, you can't be serious about inviting that women to the party, she's dangerous I can sense it. I have a strong feeling she's a COIL Agent," Manjit stated in an exasperated tone.

"Don't be ridiculous, she's a fine scholar, anybody could tell that from talking to her,"the doctor countered. "Besides, she was scanned before she came into the house today and she will be scanned tomorrow as well. I think my dear, you are jealous of a little feminine competition," the doctor shot back. "I intend to have that women tomorrow night, see to the invitation and no more talk of this. I have work to do", he snapped as he walked back toward his office. Manjit walked back to her office wrote out the invitation and then made a phone call. 

In the cab on the way back Claire started to formulate a plan. She would most likely end up in the doctors office, she would dispose of him there, unfortunately that left her only means of escape out into the garden to the outside wall along the road. She didn't like a single escape route, but she had little choice. Luckily she had the satellite photo of the grounds, so finding the fastest way through the maze was not an obstacle. The car had come into a small village and was slowed by the volume of people clogging the streets trying to sell there wares and by the shops pushed right up against the road that attracted shoppers and the curious. How to do it quickly and quietly that was the dilemma that she must now answer, no jewellery, no cosmetics meant her choices were severally cut down. She wanted something that would totally arouse him and yet at the same time totally frustrate him to get at her, but what? 

"Stop the car now please," she shouted. "Stay here I'll be back in a few moments."

She went into one of the many shops that lined the street, returning to the car a few minutes later carrying a box. After arriving home she went to her vanity and started to remove her make up and jewellery. She had formulated her plan of attack, but she was still bothered by something. 

"I will see to you personally Miss. Baxter," Manjit had said. 

Eight years of experience told Claire she needed to worry about those words. She looked over her vanity. 

"Why not," she said. "Can't hurt to be careful." 

She took an atomiser of Jasmine water and carefully sprayed parts of her neck, arms, legs and thighs. Putting the atomiser back she reached for a bottle of baby oil and methodically began applying it to her legs.

"Got to keep the assets in good shape," she said, smiling ruefully.

She just finished as the doorbell sounded. When Claire got to the door she found Manjit.

"May I come in?" she asked somewhat disdainfully.

"Certainly," Claire responded coolly. 

Walking by Claire, Manjit sat herself down in a rattan chair. From where Claire stood Manjit reminded her of a cobra ready to strike. Claire decided to keep her distance from this cobra. 

"I have your invitation for tomorrow night," Manjit said holding out the envelope. 

"Leave it on the table if you please," Claire responded coldly

"As you wish. I can only stay a few minutes so I'll come right to the point, stay away from Dr. Patel if you know what's good for you!" Manjit hissed. "You see my dear Miss. Baxter you may have the doctor fooled but not me, I know what you really are," her cobra voice said again. 

"Oh," Claire responded. "And what would that be?" faking astonishment in her voice. 

"A COIL agent," Manjit answered rather matter of factly as if it sounded like an everyday statement. 

"A what!" Claire answered trying to sound as innocent as she could. 

"Come now Miss. Baxter lets not play games you have a reputation that proceeds you,"Manjit said in a velvet like tone. 

Manjit's cobra sway had attracted her and she came over and sat down in the chair opposite her. 

"As I was saying, you've got a great reputation, why don't you come and work for us, talents such as yours are always in demand," Manjit praised.

"In a word no," Claire calmly answered. Causally crossing her legs she continued, "I have all the challenges I want on this side of the fence."

Manjit looked at her watch.

"Oh look at the time I only have a few more minutes to spare," she said. 

Claire didn't notice Manjit push a button on her watch. Underneath Claire's chair a box with small door slide open and a silent intruder slide across the floor under her chair towards Claire's leg. Manjit keep the conversation up in order to distract the unsuspecting COIL agent. A forked tongue had found a heat source and a scent it liked. It began a silent upward coil around its victim's calf; deep in concentration in case Manjit tried something Claire did not feel the coiling death from below. Manjit did notice and now was the time act. 
