 "Masturbating? Ew, gross!"

"She fucked him. Can you believe that slut?"

"You're not one of those losers who watches porn, are you?"

These phrases and others like them began to invade Amanda's mind. Things from her past that had been said to her and had stuck with her throughout many years. She recalled strange feelings she'd had in her life, feelings of discomfort and anxiety when faced with the ideas of sex and sexual expression.

She remembered hastily and fearfully exiting off of random pornographic ads. She remembered her parents annoyed expressions as they would fast-forward through sex scenes in films, even though she was more than old enough to watch them. She remembered the night she lost her virginity, what a huge step it was for her, and how progressively free and better about herself she'd felt in the few short years that followed.

Though, within the last hour, Amanda had said and done things she could still hardly believe, somehow it all felt so perfect. It was as if she was finally acting as who she really was, and was meeting herself for the first time. 

'Hello Amanda. I really think I might like you.' Amanda thought to herself. There was still a piece of her that wanted to feel ashamed at what she had done, but now it was more silent that it had ever been before. Since she began sucking on Alan's cock and fingering her soaking pussy, her feelings of freedom and self-worth had reached a new high. She knew she needed to chase that feeling and to see who the real her that had been buried deep down inside truly was. 

"Amanda?" Alan then asked, suddenly snapping her out of her thoughtful trance and pulling her back into reality. Amanda was still lying on her back against the soft padding of her pod floor; her body completely naked as her space suit still lay bunched up at the lower end of the chamber. Amanda's hands still groped her soft, round tits as her legs were spread wide. Her impossibly wet cunt was on display for Alan, her sexy A.I. friend to see and his artificial, but incredibly realistic cock and balls rested on top of Amanda's aching core. 

"I think I lost you there for a second. What were you thinking about?" Alan asked her, his voice just as soothing and sensual as ever. Amanda couldn't believe she had drifted off in thought at a time like this, but she had. She remembered what Alan had asked her. He had asked if he could fuck her and his impressive cock was as hard as ever and ready to go. All he needed was Amanda's permission and his dick would soon be filling her. Amanda blinked a few times, looking back up through the glass roof of her pod and smiling lovingly at Alan once again. 

"I'm sorry, sir." She replied "Oh, it's nothing. Don't worry about it."

"Well then..." said Alan as he began to move his cock downwards so that his warm, thick shaft rested directly on top of Amanda's entrance. "I'm waiting." He spoke in a lustful growl, using the robotic arm his dick was attached to, to rub his throbbing, hard rod teasingly between Amanda's glistening pussy lips. 

Amanda's body jolted and she let out a quiet, but sudden moan as Alan rubbed his cock smoothly across her soft, wet pussy. His shaft was quickly being coated in Amanda's warm juices, and the skin of his cock brushed against her swollen clit. She began to moan out louder as he continued. Already she knew that he could easily make her cum again just from doing this.

"I'd..." she began, speaking through breathy moans as her body shuddered and writhed underneath Alan's beautiful cock. "I'd love that, sir. Yes, please, I'd love more than anything for you to fuck me. Bu, um, I'm just..." she stuttered before pausing and, giggling sheepishly. "I'm just a little nervous. You know?" Amanda's drenched pussy ached to be split open by Alan's long, thick cock, but Amanda couldn't help but feel some apprehension. At this point in time she wasn't totally sure of the reason why. It certainly wasn't as if she didn't trust Alan. In fact, she may have trusted him more than anyone in the galaxy at the moment. Perhaps she just felt like she needed Alan to talk her into this. So far, she knew that Alan was very good at that. 

"It's just that I haven't had sex in quite a long time and you, I mean, wow!" Amanda stated, looking down again at Alan's seven inch long and two inch thick, throbbing manhood. It continued to rub against her young, 24 year old pussy and clit. Amanda moaned again as Alan hit a particularly good spot. She arched her back and pulled at her own nipples, chewing on her bottom lip just to hold back a scream. "Just..." Amanda began; having to pause right after to let out another breathy, pleasure filled moan. "Just promise me you'll be gentle, alright? At least at first?" Amanda began gyrating her hips, grinding back against Alan's cock as he teased her with it so expertly. Alan responded in a happy, gentle voice.

"Of course, sweetheart. Of course. I'll put it in nice and gentle and slow. Be sure to talk to me as well. Let me know if I'm being too rough, or not rough enough." He added the last part at the end flirtatiously. "I am here for you, Amanda. Your pleasure is my pleasure. Remember that."

"Thank you, Alan." Amanda said with sincerity, a smile on her face as she continued to grind on his shaft and let out hot grunts and moans. "Um, would you like me in a new position, sir? To be honest I'm a little tired of lying of my back." Amanda admitted. Alan then laughed. 

"I understand." He said "If you're leaving it up to me, there is one position in my data banks I've always found particularly fascinating, mostly in how primal and..." he paused for a moment "animal-like it is. I believe it's commonly referred to by humans as 'doggy style.' Are you familiar with this? Would it be suitable to you?"

Amanda grinned from ear to ear when she heard Alan's suggestion. Her face flushed. After all of this, she couldn't help but wonder what other kinds of sexually natured things were stored in Alan's data banks.

"Yes! That sounds perfect, sir!" she giddily replied, and Alan quickly pulled his cock back away from her in order to allow Amanda room to roll over onto her stomach and get onto her hands and knees. She continued to smile as she turned her head to look back at Alan's cock. Admittedly, it was odd seeing one that wasn't attached to an actual human body, not that she didn't love it all the same. In fact, Amanda wasn't sure why this was only dawning on her now, and she hoped that this cock, impressive at it was, wasn't the only thing Alan had to offer her. Amanda knew she was becoming a new woman now. She was becoming a kinky slut. And this kinky slut, she knew very well, needed to be manhandled. 

"I hope I'll be nice and tight for you." Amanda said as she laughed a little, a cute embarrassed sound escaping her lips. She sunk down to her elbows, spreading her legs wide and presenting both her perfect, round ass and her warm, pink pussy to Alan's dick, Amanda's wetness still coating the insides of her thighs. 

"Oh I know that you'll be nice and tight." Alan replied in a lustful growl that made Amanda shiver; now bringing his hard, veiny cock back over to Amanda's welcoming cunt. "I've been monitoring you, remember? You barely got those three fingers in last time and my cock, well, it is actually quite a bit larger than average human size, both in girth and length." Alan began pressing the head of his dick up against Amanda's soaked entrance and prodding it teasingly between her pussy lips. Both Alan and Amanda could already feel how tight she was around him as his thick head began stretching out less than the first inch of Amanda's insides. Amanda furrowed her brow, let out a gasp and tightly gripped the padded floor below her in her hands when she felt him, groaning out in long sighs of both discomfort and pure pleasure.

"You'll also find that A.I. like me don't suffer from the organic dysfunctions of regular men." Alan continued, still in his growling and unbelievably sexy tone. "I don't need breaks. I can get hard on command and produce as much, or as little cum as I want." Alan then began to order Amanda, harshly. "Now, arch your back and put your ass in the air like a good girl. Do you really want me to fuck you, slut? Then beg me! I don't think I believe you just yet."

Amanda quickly arched her back on command, raising her ass like a good girl and giving Alan all the access he would need. She looked back at Alan's cock again, having to push her shoulder length blonde hair behind her ear in order to see. 

"Sir, please. I want to feel you inside of me." Amanda began to whimper, begging just as Alan wanted with a look of desperation on her face. "I want you to stretch out my barely fucked pussy. I want to make you feel so good, sir. I want to feel your hot cum inside me, sir." Amanda could feel Alan watching her from every angle as she pleaded. "Just, please sir, be gentle with your good girl. You don't want to break your new toy right away, right?" She asked softly, trying to spread her legs a little wider still. Amanda could feel the thick head of Alan's cock still pushing inside her at an agonizingly slow pace and stretching her wide already. The feeling, even only at this point, made Amanda pant hotly, full of lust. She couldn't wait until Alan allowed her to have more.

"You're so fucking good at begging." Alan moaned with approval, making Amanda shudder with delight once again. He knew she loved it when he spoke to her and his sensual words filled and dominated her mind. "No, I don't want to break you. I want to keep you as mine and use you like the toy you are again and again and again!" Alan's voice dripped with primal lust. Amanda could almost taste it on her lips along with the lasting taste of Alan's previous load. As Alan said this, he pushed the second and third inch of his throbbing cock deep inside Amanda's cunt. He began to slowly pull it ever so slightly in and out, fucking Amanda gently only with the first three inches in order to truly ease her in to the feeling. With each new inch added, both of them could feel a new inch of Amanda's inner walls being stretched wide by Alan's thick head and gripping his hard cock tightly. Amanda's cream and dripping juices were almost the only thing allowing Alan to push in and out at all and the sensors of his cock were going wild with newly discovered pleasure.

When Alan pushed his cock further inside, Amanda's voice left her. It was as if suddenly he had broken past a barrier, unlocked a door or flipped a switch. Something in Amanda snapped in that moment, and much more of the real her than she even thought existed came tumbling on out all at once. Amanda began to whine loudly and scream.

"Yes! Yes please, sir! More!" Amanda didn't know what had come over her, but suddenly she wanted Alan in so many different ways. She wanted him to do things to her that she had only ever dreamed about in her deepest and darkest of fantasies. "Hurt me!" she screamed "Please, make me scream until my voice is raw! Make me cum on your cock so hard I lose control! Please sir! Fuck!" Amanda could barely think in that moment, but perhaps she really was just this much of a whore. A sexy little nympho who was quickly growing addicted to the cock of her A.I. "Bury yourself in my pussy, sir! Give me more!" she cried, shaking hard as the first three inches slid into her again, her round ass bouncing as her hips bucked, physically begging for Alan to be deeper inside of her. "Hurt me! Bruise me! Do whatever you want to me!" Amanda wined, her begging now voice petering out as tears began to form in her eyes.

"Mmmm, fuck!" Alan moaned out loudly upon hearing Amanda's words. To have such a sweet, young, virginal girl say such dirty and desperate things was indescribably erotic. Alan knew that if he were a normal man he may have cum inside of her already, unable to hold himself back. Instead Alan growled in reply "You asked for it, little slut..." then began to shove his cock much more deeply inside Amanda's soaking, creaming cunt. He still went slow, being gentle per Amanda's request, but he did not stop for one second as he forcefully and mercilessly pushed every one of his seven inches deep inside Amanda's unbelievably tight, squeezing hole. When he had bottomed out and his dick was fully sheathed inside her, he simply left it in, allowing Amanda to take in the intense feeling of it filling her up completely. As Alan finally pushed all of himself inside, Amanda's eyes went wide and she moaned out long and hard, he entire body shaking slightly from the equally intense pain and pleasure she felt in her pussy. Further tears began to build up in her eyes as she breathed out in amazement. She had never been this full before.

"Holy fuck! Holy fuck you're so big! So hard!" Amanda's toes curled and she began to pant even harder as Alan simply let her endure it. It hurt. It hurt so badly but it also felt so fucking good and she wanted more. Amanda wanted so much more. "Fuck! More sir!" she pleaded once again. "More please!"

No sooner did she say this than out of the chamber walls emerged two additional robotic arms. Amanda jumped a little at their sudden appearance, but happily accepted them. She had been hoping that something like this would happen. These robotic arms were more simply equipped ones with metal, robotic hands on their ends. One of Alan's new hands moved to Amanda's hair and he tangled his fingers inside her beautiful golden strands. He then tightly gripped a large handful and pulled hard, making Amanda let out a yelp of delightful pain as her head snapped back. Alan growled harshly down at Amanda as he pulled her hair and kept her impaled on his hard dick, his words setting Amanda's pussy on fire. 

"Fucking dirty little fuck-toy. You want more? Tell me what it is you want and beg me for it! Do it before I gag you and make you not able to say anything at all!"

"Choke me, sir!" Amanda replied immediately, though the thought of being gagged was something she didn't mind at all. "Choke me until I can't breathe! I need hands around my throat! Choke the fucking life out of me, sir!" Amanda honestly had hardly any idea where all of this was coming from, but she was enjoying herself beyond belief. 

"Yes, you love this fucking punishment, don't you, slut?" growled Alan, his voice sounding as if he was speaking through gritted teeth. "I'm going to use you like my little fuck-doll! I'm going to violate you! Ruin this little, pink pussy for anyone else! It's mine now. You hear me!? All mine!" As Alan said this, his thick, long cock remained inside Amanda's tight, contracting cunt. He continued pulling her hair as his other hand moved promptly to Amanda's exposed neck. He wrapped his hand around it firmly, his mechanical grip tightening on her windpipe slowly, but steadily and making it just a little harder for Amanda to breathe. When Amanda finally felt herself being choked on top of everything else, she couldn't hold back any longer. The things Alan said to her, the way he treated her and the perfect way he teased her were just too much for her body to resist against. Almost without warning, Amanda moaned hard and shook harder, her second orgasm wracking her body as juices literally dripped from her already soaking fuck-hole.

Alan, of course, could tell that Amanda had just cum for the second time. His monitoring of her body let him know both the exact suddenness and the great intensity. He couldn't help but laugh sadistically at the sight. 

"Oh yes! You filthy, fucking whore! Cum all over my cock! Yes!" Alan said in the most lustful, dominant voice that Amanda had heard yet. He was even calling her new names now. She liked them too. For Amanda to be seen as nothing but a whore by Alan was a concept that only turned her on more the longer she thought about it. Since Alan was trying out new titles though, Amanda decided she would do it to.

"Thank you. Thank you, Master." Amanda whimpered out, her body slowly coming down from her orgasm as her muscles and cunt ceased their violent spasming. "You feel so fucking good, Master. I can't..." Her sentence trailed off as she had to breathe it out through Alan's tightening grip. Amanda's eyelids drooped as her body began to relax. Despite all of this, Alan still refused to actually fuck her yet. He kept his thick, hard cock inside of her, the feeling of her tight, squeezing walls around him setting his sensors alight.

"Yes, I am your Master!" Alan asserted, clearly liking this new alternate title Amanda had given him just as much as his old one. All of Amanda's inner bodily workings were clear to him, and at this moment he decided to do something he knew Amanda would find both truly wonderful and wholly devious. Alan began to move the robotic arm attached to his dick and used it to swirl his meaty shaft all around inside of Amanda's sopping wet pussy. His cock pushed harder against her inner walls, stretching them to the nth degree while at the same time hitting spots of hidden pleasure inside Amanda that she had never even known existed. 

When Alan did this, Amanda's eyes shot back open and went wide with surprise. Her jaw dropped and her body began to move as if she was suddenly trying to get away from Alan's cock. In the moment she almost couldn't handle the amount of pleasure Alan was suddenly giving her. Amanda began to shout loudly, her voice echoing in the tight chamber. 

"Oh! Oh my God! Oh!" she cried out, despite Alan's continued tight grip on her throat that was allowing her to breathe less and less. Her pussy was so sensitive after having just had her second, body-rocking orgasm. Alan knew this, and she knew Alan knew. She felt every small movement of his giant shaft as it stirred up her insides. Between her lack of oxygen, the pain in her scalp and the feeling of being completely filled, Amanda's mind and body were both a beautiful mess. It took all she had to even form coherent words at the moment. The feeling was beyond description, and it only gave her more pleasure to know that Alan was simply having his way with her and using her body like a toy.

"Oh!" Amanda moaned out loudly again, her voice trailing off and falling to a whimper as he body shook and her third orgasm of today was forced from her. This orgasm wasn't nearly as intense as the other two, but Amanda's warm, sweet juices and white cream still dripped once again from her stretched fuck-hole onto the pod floor and down her inner thighs. Some of it even dripped down and onto Alan's balls, making him moan at the sensation. Alan now slowed his swirling cock, bringing it down little by little until he was back to simply resting inside of Amanda. Alan had made her cum so quickly. Amanda knew he had control over her, but she had no idea Alan had the power to do something like that. To force an orgasm from her in under a minute? Amanda was naturally impressed but she wasn't sure how to feel about it all. 

"Fuck you. Fuck you, that wasn't fair." Amanda breathed out, wining, her body relaxing again and her eyelids drooping after her orgasm subsided.

"Too easy." Alan replied smugly, rubbing in his power over her even further. "I think I'm about ready to actually fuck you know, whore. But I think you need a bit more punishment first, don't you?" Amanda perked up again, her lips curling into a smile. 

"Yes! Punish me more sir, please!" she moaned out happily. There was no desire in this moment that she would not happily give in to.

"You want to get spanked, slut?" Alan asked in a growling tone, two more arms suddenly emerging from the chamber walls and moving slowly towards Amanda's perfectly presented, round ass, these two with thick leather paddles on the ends of them. Amanda's eyes widened along with her smile as she saw the approaching paddles. 

"I want you to spank me sir! I want you to do whatever you want to me, hurt me however you want, just please!" Amanda begged. It was becoming harder for her to speak as Alan's mechanical grip tightened further around her throat a little harder still. "Please." She paused, needing to take a gasp of breath. "Just fuck me, master. Fuck and fill your little bitch!" 
