 Jenna knew there was something more to the LuvBot Factory than the bubblegum brightness of the "official tour". The pink guide bot with hearts for pupils gave her the creeps, and as a reporter, she could smell bullshit from a mile away... After sneaking away from the bizarre trip through the facade, she used her athletic build and a multitool to pop open a grate and slip into the ventilation system. Here, taking the claustrophobic path deep into the heart of the facility, she would get the answers to her questions. 

She dropped out into a darkened hallway; an ominous twin to the one she'd just fled. This one had no lighting, save some weak glowing from fire safety lights on the floor. The vents had been oppressively hot. Sweat poured down her face, soaking her white babydoll top. She brushed the clamminess from her hands onto her pantlegs before stalking forward, careful of the sounds she made.

Jenna had no idea what she was looking for. Regardless, there had to be a reason that BotCo had always been so secretive about the production at this factory. Her employer would pay some serious bluebacks if she broke a major story on one of the New Economy's rising stars. She keyed the camera in her dark-rimmed glasses. Besides recording her expedition into the inner workings of BotCo's most secretive of facilities, it overlaid a recording of her surroundings that had been enhanced for brightness onto the lenses themselves, allowing her a roundabout form of night vision that let her stalk through the deserted hallways without the use of a flashlight. 

That was the first hint that there was something wrong. All these corridors should have been piled with people. Technicians, programmers, maintenance staff, anyone and everyone required to produce the number of machines that the factory churned out every day. That was the law, after all, set down in the Automation Regulations of 2101. There should be humans around...but it was a ghost town. Jenna took careful steps, peeking around every corner to spot any obvious surveillance equipment. The last thing she wanted was for some corpo cop to spot her before finding the story of a lifetime!

She took a right turn, running abruptly into a gridwork of infrared lasers. She spotted them, but before she could stop, the very tip of her left shoe brushed against the sensor.

"INTRUDER DETECTED," the voice over the loudspeaker declared a moment later. "INITIATING STANDARD THREAT MITIGATION PROTOCOL."

Jenna didn't like the sound of that! She took off at a run, heading back the way she came. Mechanical clunks chased after her, each heralding the activation of a cluster of lights. After the sixth, the illumination caught up to her and she was lit up as plain as day. She increased her pace, suddenly wishing for a comfortable job as a desk jockey back at headquarters, rather than an intrepid field reporter. Jumping back into the vent wouldn't be viable. She called up the blueprints in her glasses, directing her to an emergency exit not two minutes away at a dead run. The reporter could be free in moments.

A sudden stinging pain on her left leg nearly threw off her balance and sent her tumbling. Instead, she quickly recovered her disrupted rhythm and rounded a corner, looking both ways before inspecting what had hit her calf. She caught the glowing muzzle of what looked like a gun mounted on the ceiling like a surveillance camera. Some kind of deterrence projectile, like a rubber bullet? It didn't matter. She had to get out of there right away before they started to send more than just non-lethal projectiles after her!

Her pace slowed. The injury on her leg wasn't fading. It still hurt with a dull throb that reminded her of a toothache. After she returned to the first of the corridors, she hid in an alcove and chanced an examination of the wound.

She stifled a scream. A strange geometric spiderweb pattern spread out from the impact point. It had a glossy silver colour along most of its surface, but specks of it pulsed with neon green light.

In a panic, she tried shucking off her pants. But even with her torn jeans removed, the metal web remained, seemingly fused to the surface of her skin.

The sound of heavy footsteps told her it was time to move. Without an idea as to how to how to proceed, she decided to hide while she figured out her next step. Several doors down the hall lead her to a small janitorial closet. Prying it open, she tossed the jeans into a corner and waited. The footfalls stomped by, one of the muttering in one of those corpo lingos with a lotta jargon and 'Code Reds'. Jenna waited for the echos of their passage to fade before assessing her wound.

To her horror, it had grown. The webbing now encompassed her entire thigh. The gooey presence was spreading both up and down her body from the impact point, nearly reaching her ankle while also heading straight for her groin. Her skin was changing to a similar hue as the web, turning from a light peach to a grey streaked with that same geometric web.

Jenna tried pulling the webbing off, but it stung like she was trying to rip out her own hair. The skin under it felt cold to the touch as well. Almost if it really was metal. She relented. What they hell was this thing?!

Her smart glasses, though not top of the line by any means, had limited diagnostic capabilities. According to the First Aid medical application she'd loaded, her leg was showing all the signs of...GreyU!

GreyU, or Grey Goo For U as it was originally marketed, were a propitiatory design of nanobots owned and operated by BotCo. It was said that the concentrated swarms of beyond microscopic machines could be harnessed to cause any number of transformative effects on matter. And at the moment, those crazy crawling critters were turning her into some kind of robot!

But those had been banned! She had her story all right: "Crooked Corp Shills Sanctioned Scourge in Sentry Syringe Shooters!" But it'd do her no good with her body slowly turning into that of a machine! As they moved up, her clothes melted into nothingness upon contact. Jenna watched in mute horror as her socks and panties disappeared at the same time. Soon she would be naked, as if she didn't have enough problems!

The grey mass slid between her legs. Instead of take over directly, they formed an opaque bubble over her pussy that slowly drifted to encompass her ass as well. There she felt them doing something, but she couldn't determine what. All she knew was the pleasant warming sensation grow around her groin. The warmth turned moist, and soon into something definitely closer to arousal. She pawed at the bubble, trying to get it to stop whatever it was doing to her holes. But while it could stretch and deform like a water balloon, it continued its task unhindered.

When the bubble of goo popped to rejoin the flow up her body, she shrieked in horror. Her tight labia had been blown outward into a pair of lewd, neon green petals. Instinctually, she reached down to touch herself to see if what she was seeing was even real. The slightest brush of a finger tip caused her whole body to seize and a thin strand of verdany lubricant to shoot out with surprising force, coating the shop floor. She felt her ass clench as well, dripping with its own green transparent fluid that some sicko would no doubt want if he had intentions of fucking her tight ass. Jenna recoiled at the idea...but more and more she couldn't think of any other explanation.

She was being turned into a LuvBot!

Jenna couldn't keep from panicking. She hyperventilated, trying to continue her flight. Her legs ceased cooperating, grinding her feeble attempted escape to a halt. She could feel the cold grey goo sliding up her body, converting all in its wake into a mechanical equivalent. Or close enough. Once the machines got to her breasts, Jenna was mortified to see them exploded in number and activity. With shuddering moans, her tits exploded outward, going from Merely Squeezable to downright Pillowy! Her nipples were also a glowing green colour, making her concerned about what that could mean.Looking around her body, her inner thighs, her shoulders, and her tummy were also shaded a light green. Nowhere near as intense as her pussy and nipples were, but-

Wait a moment...had the goo made her erogenous zones glow?

With renewed vigour, she tried to escape and find help. Discovery by the corpo cops was the least of her worries now. With a force of effort, she made her legs move. Step by agonizing step, she left her hiding place toward the exit and safety. All the while, the web spread. It sizzled up her arms, tickling her and making her gasp as the freckles and marks on her arms vanished into featureless silver. Jenna lost focus on escape as the effect crawled up her neck. About to be submerged in nanites, she clenched her mouth and eyes tight.

The goo swallowed up the rest of her head. Her hair felt like it'd turned to tinsel, and her facial features began to distort. She was running out of breath. A single twinge to her clit made her involuntarily cry out, allowing access to her mouth. After that, it was darkness.

***

When her vision returned, it was crowded with information. Temperature, multi-spectrum EM analysis, but none of the data overwhelmed her. It was all as natural as her senses, which were enhanced as well.

She wanted to reach up and inspect her new face, but she had not been instructed to do so. And if she had not been instructed, she could not do so. So she stood, motionless, waiting for her feedback to change.

Time flashed by, though her internal chronometre told her it had been half an hour, before she was discovered. A gruff, bearded man in a labcoat emblazoned with the BotCo logo entered her field of vision.

"How may I be of service?" she found herself asking. She hadn't made herself talk, the words just spilled out regardless.

"State your designation and behaviour set," he recited in a tired voice. While she spoke, he prodded her body with his index finger and noted her responses.

"My name is J...Debby 313," Jenna said, though this inherent contradiction made her upset. "My, um, my behaviour is set to Enthusiastic Greeter."

He nodded. "Some proprietary memories still remain. We can buffer those later." The man poked and rubbed without permission, focusing on those green locations that were of particular sensual interest. She moaned and wiggled like a pathetic slut, unaware of any desire to hold back what she was truly feeling. "State the items in the Enthusiastic Greeter set."

"My purpose is to be a pleasant, eager ambassador for the LuvBot Factory and BotCo in general. I am to lead tours, offer information, and make interested parties feel at home."

The labcoated man undid his belt. "And if there are any reporters or politicians who start asking questions?"

She grinned wide. "To show them there is nothing to fear by displaying the LuvBot's wide range of features for all genders and orientations!"

"Display Mode 34E for me."

At the code word, the new product ambassador bent over, perfectly exposing her modified holes. Both had been altered into orifices purely for pleasuring cocks. Her pussy had been ribbed and gushed moisture, while her ass was both lubricated and had customizable tightness. Currently, she was set at 'Gaped Buttslut' but she could go all the way to 'Blushing Virgin' at the press of a button. A secondary trigger triggered her moisture production nodes and suffused her digital nervous system with a pleasure analog that had her gasping. She felt another burst of words rising into her vocal synthesizer, but she couldn't stop them! "Please use me as you wish!"

Debbie/Jenna gasped when a pair of fingers slid inside her dripping slit. He wiggled them around roughly, then sent both lubricated digits into her ass. Her programming told her she should be feeling pleasure at this action, so she did. She bucked and moaned and performed all those extra special actions that she knew would increase the likelihood she would be an effective cum receiver. 

"I think I'll use you like a sextoy. What do you think of that, 313?"

She giggled. "I think that's a delightful idea! As a LuvBot ambassador, pleasing a prospective customer would be fulfilling my primary purpose!"

"The stock answer," he said stiffly. "But let's see if we can't make you feel more comfortable."

Without further preamble, he stuffed himself inside her gushing slit with a grunt. She held perfectly still, joints locking into place at the perfect angle for pounding. His rough hands gripped her hips, and he proceeded to hammer home his cock. She gasped, trying her best to protest through the speech filter. Everything she said came out all wrong!

"I love being a cocksocket!" the bot cried, while in her mind she tried to say (Nooo! I'm a human!)

It was no use. Each slap home of his body into hers distorted her control further, allowing the pre-programmed phrases to take hold and fill her mind.

"Please, fuck me harder!" (I have to fight this...)

"I really love hard cock!" (I...I can't resist it. I just keep taking his hard cock...)

"Ooh, it feels so good!~" (It feels...so good...)

By the time he was grunting out an orgasm into her squeezing hole, the thoughts and her words had become one. She cried out in genuine bliss, exulting in the sensation of becoming one with her programming. She was Debby-313. She was a sextoy. She loved it.

She came.

After using her synthetic skin to clean up his cock, the technician keyed another set of commands into his wrist control. "Alright Deb, come with me. We gotta get you into some clothes before the next tour group arrives."

"Right away, sir!"

The bot followed in his footsteps, pussy drooling a combination of their fluids down her leg as she walked eagerly to her first assignment. She could wait to show everyone the wonders of the LuvBot Factory!