 Gwendolyn smiled at her reflection in the mirror. The new dress that Edward has given her was beautiful: the many folds of the deep red skirts made her seem like she was floating and the deep red bodice shone in the pale morning light. She smoothed the dress down, admiring the way the corset accentuated her cleavage; her hands reached up to the diamond necklace that hung around her neck and she played with it thoughtfully. Her hands moved down to the freckles at the top of her breasts, her fingers testing the springy flesh. She began to feel a strange tingling in her nipples, reminding her of the day before when Edwards lips, tongue and teeth had excited them so expertly. Continuing to massage her breasts with her left hand, her right hand reached first to undo the ribbons that held her bodice, and then the lace that tied her skirts. The heavy embroidered material fell to the floor revealing a white corset and shift. Her left hand slid down from her breasts and began to undo the corset, whilst her right hand drifted down to press between her thighs. She dispensed with the corset and shift and stopped to look at herself in the mirror. She turned around to look at her back and ass in the mirror, her hands reaching back and grasping the smooth firmness of her pert bottom. She turned back to face the mirror and began massaging her breasts, grasping at them first, feeling them bounce and spring. She then turned her attention to her nipples, circling the pink points, pinching and squeezing them, feeling the thrill of exploring herself for the first time since Edward had shown her the true pleasure that could be had from her body. 

A familiar pleasant warmth and dampness brought a smile to her face. Whilst one hand remained at her nipples, her other hand slid down her belly, over the little hairs of her bush, and onto the soft lips of her sex. Her fingers slipped into her moist, tender pussy, tracing the slit until her finger rested on her clit. Gwen thought about all the wonders of the day before and began to slowly stimulate the pink little bud, causing her to let out a slow moan.

"Noisy little whore aren't you?"

Gwen jumped, in the mirror she could see a woman standing behind her. She was tall and slender, less curvaceous than Gwen but toned and elegant. She wore a black dress, tightly bound to her willowy body, and long gloves of black leather, her eyes were ice blue and her hair long, straight and jet black, her pouting lips were full and red. 

"Lady Caroline," mumbled Gwen nervously, trying to cover her naked body with her hands and arms, "I thought you were on the way to the Holy Land,"

"Yes, it appears you did," replied Caroline, smirking slightly, "In truth I hardly left. My convoy was attacked by bandits on the road out of the kingdom, I made it back to the castle but got wind of your little game with Edward and decided to keep the news of my presence from both of you. I know what you did, you little bitch and I'm going to get my vengeance right here, right now." Caroline sprang forward, grabbed Gwen by the hair and threw her naked body to the floor. Pulling off her gloves with a smile dripping with disdain Caroline raised her arm and using the leather gloves as a whip began smacking her across the back. The first blow caught Gwen off guard causing her limbs to flail, flattening her against the wooden boards. The second blow came harder, flicking across her bottom. Gwen cried out but the blow had stirred something deep within her; she felt a shiver down her spine, the stinging in her ass spread tingles through her thighs and back and even into her pussy. Gwen struggled to get up but Caroline aimed three more blows across the backs of her thighs causing her to fall again, the intensity of each blow bringing new and confusing sensations within her. Lady Caroline was pitiless, raining blows across her back, ass, and thighs but Gwen had begun to enjoy it. She got up onto all fours and thrust her bottom towards Caroline, letting out a tiny moan at every blow. 

Caroline stopped, both women were breathless and Caroline was exhausted, sweat dripping down the exposed areas of her chest and arms. Gwen rolled onto her back and lay with her back arched against the hard wood floor, thrusting her boobs out and letting her legs splay open revealing her pink, moist pussy.

Lady Caroline raised an eyebrow, "Enjoying yourself, Gwendolyn?"

Gwen giggled, "I'm sorry, my lady. You really are skilled at causing pain, but I suppose I did enjoy it."

"You enjoyed it, did you? You little whore" screamed the Lady Caroline, "Just like you enjoyed your little lesson with Lord Edward? On your knees, girl, I'll give you a lesson you'll never forget!"

With a few quick movements Caroline loosened her dress so that it dropped to the floor revealing her naked body in all its glory, as Gwen pulled herself up onto her knees she could not help but marvel at the perfectly smooth, pale skin and tight toned body, stirring feelings she had never felt for a woman before. She watched as Caroline slinked towards her until she stood inches from her face, Gwen was just appreciating the thighs that stood parallel to her face and wondering what it would feel to kiss and lick that pale flesh when Caroline parted her legs, lowering her pussy so that the little hairs brushed the kneeling girl's nose. Gwen took a deep breath in, savouring the deep musk of her sex, then she began to kiss the warm outer lips, gingerly she reached forward and parted them to reveal the pink folds beneath. With the tip of her tongue she tasted her juices, sweeter and richer than Edwards. Slowly she allowed the whole flat of her tongue to rest along the length of her slit, probing her inner labia first from side to side and then up and down. The tip of her tongue came to rest on a hard little bump, Caroline's clit. She began to circle it, swirling her tongue around and coming to rest at the very tip of the engorged clitoris, flicking it gently.

Caroline let out a moan, her resolve weakened, no one had ever been so gentle with her; lovers had always responded to her coldness with aggression but this girl was soft and gentle, treating her pussy with the respect no man had every given it. Her hands reached down to the top of Gwen's head, stroking her hair and gently pressing her face into her sex. Gwen responded well to the encouragement, the speed of her little tongue increased and her hands reached behind Caroline to fondle her bottom. The moans increased in volume and Caroline arched her back, feeling the orgasm well up within her. Gwen recognised the signs and grasped Caroline's bottom, pressing her face hard against her as her knees nearly gave way with the intensity of the orgasm. Slick juices covered Gwen's face and Caroline's thighs and Caroline let out a long howl. Gwen finally let go and both women collapsed to the floor, panting heavily. 

They lay there for some time. Gwen reached across to Caroline and took her hand in hers,

"Thank you, my lady,"

"What for, my dear?"

"For introducing me to such delights. I thought that pleasuring a man was delectable but the taste of your sex and the sound of your cries have set a fire in me that burns much more brightly."

Caroline sat up and gazed at Gwen in wonder, 

"You really enjoyed pleasuring me like that?"

"Of course, my lady,"

"Then follow me to my chamber and we will explore further pleasures together,"

"Yes, my lady."

They both rose to their feet and embraced, they helped each other to put their clothes back on and headed down the marble corridor hand in hand. 

******************************************

"Ladies!" cried Edward in surprise as he rounded the corner, "What are you...both...doing here?"

"Ah...erm...my lord," stumbled Gwen, letting go of Lady Caroline's hand, "What a...erm...pleasant surprise,"

"Pleasant? I doubt it, you dirty little strumpet!" cried Edward, his rage rising,

"You leave her alone, Edward!" shouted Caroline, "You are hardly the person to start giving lessons on fidelity,"

"Fidelity? What about you? What about your chaste trip to the Holy Land?"

"I came back because of bandits, not because of this girl! When I heard what you two had been up to I confronted her and we...got to know each other better. I was about to show her far more pleasure than you could ever show a woman, you pig!"

"Pig? The girl is my servant! She belongs to me! Now you're not interested I shall need her more than ever!"

"Quiet, both of you!" screamed Gwen, "Everybody just needs to calm down. Now my Lord Edward, were you not in love with the Lady Caroline?"

"Well, yes," said Edward

"And Lady Caroline, were you not in love with Lord Edward?"

"Yes, but I would give up any feelings I have for him if I could be with you, my dear little Gwendolyn," said Caroline, taking her hand again,

"Why not have both?" said Gwen, taking their hands and pressing them between her own, "Lady Caroline, you have released powerful emotions from deep within my heart, your passion excites my senses like a rising flame. And Lord Edward, you were my first, the one who taught me the ways of love. Your powerful presence makes me feel warm and safe inside. For my sake if not for your own, reconcile your differences. My heart is big enough for both of you."

Edward and Caroline smiled at each other and at Gwen stood between them. Without a word they embraced and began kissing open-mouthed, their tongues exploring the well-trodden roads of their passion. They then turned to Gwen and began kissing her neck and cheeks. She responded by turning to each of them in turn, returning their kisses with hard, passionate kisses of her own.

They entered the chambers of the Lady Caroline hand in hand and began to undress, a tangle of arms and lips pulling at every available hook and fastening, and touching every inch of bare flesh.

"Stop," said Gwen, breathing heavily, "It is Lady Caroline's privilege to have me to herself first, our love is yet to be consummated fully."

Caroline nodded in agreement, "It would only be fair, Lord Edward. You can of course observe and enter the fray when we are ready for you,"

Edward smiled at the two panting, naked Venuses in front of him, this should be quite a show, "How can I refuse such beauty? I shall of course withdraw." He walked across the room and chose an appropriate chair from which to view the action, leaving Gwen and Caroline to lay down next to each other on the enormous, sumptuous bed.

For a moment the to women stared deep into each others eyes, then their heads moved forward and their full, red lips connected in a long, gentle kiss. Gwen opened her mouth slightly and slid a long, pink tongue into Caroline's mouth, running it along the roof of her mouth and then pulling it out so that just the tips of their tongues were touching. Caroline's tongue then shot into Gwen's mouth, swirling their mixed saliva around and around and pressing her lips and her body hard against Gwen's. Gwen responded with her tongue and her body and for a while both squirmed in each others arms, their tongues wrestling deep inside their mouths. 

Caroline's fingers found the soft smoothness of Gwen's huge mounds and began squeezing them gently with the flat of her palms against her erect nipples. As she began to pinch and squeeze her nipples, Gwen let out a moan and her hands reached down to Caroline's milky white ass. She stroked her taut buttocks with the tips of her fingers and then slid them down the crack of Caroline's ass and began probing the moist slit beneath. Caroline shivered and tearing her lips away from Gwen's, traced a line of kisses down her neck and chest and onto the two juicy mounds of her breasts. Gwen let out a sigh and pressed her hips against Caroline's, pushing the swollen lips of their two pussies together. Rotating her hips so that they ground against Gwen's, Caroline began to suck and nibble Gwen's erect nipples, burying her face into the soft, springy flesh. Gwen's hand moved around from Caroline's ass and slid between them, her fingers slipped between the warm outer lips of Caroline's cunt and began stimulating her clit. This sent Caroline over the edge into an intense, powerful orgasm that rocked through her body, thrusting her face hard into Gwen's heaving bosom, arching her back, and pushing her hips against Gwen's fingers, pressing them against her own slit. 

Once she had finished, Caroline pushed Gwen back onto the bed and positioned herself in the 69 position, spreading her own legs as well as Gwen's as wide as possible. Gwen, presented with the moist folds of Caroline's pussy just millimetres from her face, buried her tongue between the inner lips and began thrusting it into her tight little hole. Caroline let out a tiny high pitched squeak and launched her attack on Gwen's clit. She pressed the tip of her tongue against it and began flicking her tongue backward and forward across it. Gwen let out a muffled cry and reached her hands around Caroline's ass, pressing her dripping cunt against her face. Caroline began moving her hips, bucking against Gwen's face and timing each movement with a flick of her tongue. Barely able to breathe as Caroline's cunt slammed against her face, Gwen felt a familiar tingling, every muscle in her body began to contract and relax and she dug her nails hard into Caroline's ass. The stinging pain in her ass caused Caroline to thrust her hips forward in surprise, this final thrust proved too much and both women let out long muffled howls into each others sex as their orgasms shivered through their bodies. Caroline rolled off Gwen's shaking body and lay next to her, their heavy breaths in almost perfect unison. 

Gwen had not lay there for long before she felt a familiar warm presence brush the inside of her thighs, now soaked with Caroline's saliva and her own juices. Having thoroughly enjoyed the show, Edward had walked over to the bed nursing an enormous erection and was now pressing it against the entrance to her vagina. Seeing what they were up to, Caroline encouraged Gwen to roll over onto all fours. As Edward positioned himself behind Gwen's pert little bottom that now stuck proudly into the air, Caroline cradled her head between her slick, oily thighs, stroking her hair and face. Edward grunted as the head of his penis slid inside her a couple of inches, even in her post-orgasmic state her pussy was still held a tight grip around his pulsing member. He waited a few seconds, savouring the feel of the sheath against the tip of his pulsing cock, and then he thrust it in up to the hilt, causing her to gasp, digging her fingernails into the soft mattress. He pulled back again slowly, sliding nearly the full length of his cock out of her dripping cunt, then he began thrusting into her with slow deep strokes.

As Edward began to quicken his stroke he noticed a second moan along with Gwen's. He looked across and saw that Caroline was sat up watching his cock pound into Gwen with wide eyes. Her legs were spread open and Gwen's head was bobbing up and down between them. She let out a long moan, accompanied by a muffled sound from Gwen that let him know that they had both come again. He could have let himself go then, filling Gwen's cunt with his hot juices, but he withdrew instead. Lifting her head from between Caroline's thighs, saliva and come dribbling down her chin, Gwen looked back at Edward with a sad look in her eyes. 

"Have I displeased my lord in some way that he has deemed me not worthy of his fluids?"

"Of course not, my dear. It's just that watching this delicious derrière of yours bounce up and down has made me wonder if my fluids might be spent better elsewhere."

"What do you mean, my lord?" asked Gwen

"He means to explore your tight little asshole, sweet one," answered Caroline,

"My little rosebud? But won't that hurt, Lady Caroline?"

"A little at first, but if Lord Edward is gentle, and I am nimble with my fingers, you may well grow to enjoy it," smiled Caroline. "Are you brave enough to try?"

"Of course, my lady. Anything to bring my dear Lord Edward pleasure."

"Excellent," said Lord Edward, "Now you remain on all fours and relax whilst Caroline comes around and assists me."

Caroline got up and came around behind Gwendolyn and dropped to her knees so that her face was level with her asshole. Her long tongue traced a path from Gwen's cunt to her anus and began softly probing the sphincter, smothering it with her saliva. She pulled her butt cheeks apart and pushed the tip of her tongue inside. Her lips formed a tight seal around the opening and she began swirling saliva in and out of Gwen's butt with each thrust of her tongue, savouring the earthy flavour. Caroline then lifted her face from her ass and pressed her index finger into the hole. Gwen let out a little gasp as it slid past the knuckle but as Caroline pressed her finger towards the walls of her vagina, she felt a deep, powerful shudder run through her cunt. Responding to her pleasure, Caroline slipped first one, and then another finger into Gwen's ass, stretching and probing her deep inside until she felt the time was right for Edward to enter her. She stood up and stepped behind him, reaching around to guide his cock into the tight, moist anus of her lover. He pressed forward gently at her opening which finally gave with a jolt, his throbbing head entering her virgin ass. She let out a long, piercing cry causing Edward to stop, but Gwen was used to the deep, dull pain now and had begun to enjoy the feel of his massive cock pressing against the walls of her colon,

"Please don't stop, my lord. My feeble cries belie a deep yearning for you to bury your massive lance deep inside my most secret of places!"

Caroline reached around Edward and grabbed Gwen's hips with both hands. "You heard her, Lord Edward, the lady wants it harder and deeper," she whispered in his ear, pulling the hips back so that Gwendolen's still moist pussy slammed into his balls and his penis rammed deep into her tight hole. Edward let himself be pulled in and out of Gwen as Lady Caroline ground her pussy against him, slamming his dick into Gwen with each push. By now Gwendolen was lost in pleasure, deep incoherent noises emanating from her gaping mouth, she felt the familiar stirrings inside her that heralded her orgasm and the familiar twitching of Edwards penis that heralded his. They both let out a cry in unison as wave upon wave of deep, tingling pleasure rocked Gwen's body and spurt after spurt of come filled her ass. 

All three collapsed onto the bed gasping for air, their arms and legs entwined and their hearts entwined forever.