 So, I guess this would be a good time to tell you that this isn't a story about a Princess who was rescued from a tower guarded by a dragon. And it's not a story about the princess marrying her rescuer or about them falling in love and having two point five children and living happily ever after. Sure, there is a princess in this story, and there might even be a tower or two. But just not in the way you're thinking. In fact, you probably couldn't dream up a story like this if you crossed your worst nightmare with your darkest, most sick, twisted, fucked up fantasy. Although, that'd put you on the right track. 

My name is James. And I am exactly fifty years old. Not that you could tell by looking at me. One of the best things about being me is that I no longer age. I'm stuck in the body of a twenty one year old. And despite not aging, I can still gain or loose muscle, unfortunately, which means I still have to exercise and go to the gym, as much as I hate doing it. Why couldn't whoever thought to make me immortal give me a halfway decently toned body and then freeze it that way to go with my immortality? Anyway, I'm a fifty year old in a twenty one year old's body, and my job is about what any sane man would hang himself for. I hunt down monsters and kill them. Well, not always but most of the time. Sort of. Ah fuck it. Why don't I just start from the beginning? I'm sure you'll figure it out. 

I opened my eyes and stretched, yawning. Above me, a red light flashed. There was no siren. Terrific. I was late. I rolled out of bed, landing in the push up position then climbed to my feet, stretching again then stepping calmly into my jeans, zipping them and clasping the belt before pulling a white tee-shirt over my head and pulling my black, short-sleeved trench coat style jacket on and grabbed my sword off the walls, then my pistols off the bedside table. The sword was a hand-and-a-half sword with an emerald in the pommel surrounded by gilded metal in a ring to hold the gemstone on, a gilded cross guard that curved upward and ended in points, and a blade made out of a type of shiny silver metal that most humans didn't know existed. 

Once armed, I walked out of my room and stepped into my black boots outside the door, bending down and tying them. My pistols were strapped to my sides under my arms, concealed by my jacket, and once my shoes were on, I pulled my sword over my head, slinging it diagonally across my back. Then, I turned, walking down the hallway, past a dozen or so open doors until I reached the garage where my teammates were waiting. Four of them. They weren't your average humans. Not that I was either. 

One of my teammates was a beautiful blonde with 36C breasts, a thin waist, a perfectly formed ass, a lavender dress, and nine fox tails extending from her tailbone through a gap in the back of the dress. The dress was the type that hugged her hips perfectly and had no back, tailored specially for her tails to fit, resulting in a very tempting tease of her ass. Another of my teammates was an equally beautiful girl with black hair, double D breasts, a massive and perky ass, and who was wearing a skin-tight purple tee-shirt, no bra so that her rock-hard nipples were plainly visible, and a tight orange miniskirt that I would be surprised if it hid panties. Though, it wouldn't hide anything if she sat down. 

My next two teammates were even stranger than my first. One had shoulder-length light blue hair, black thigh-high stockings, black gloves that went up to just below her shoulders, a sleeveless white blouse, cut-off jean short shorts, large batwings reaching out from her back under her shirt, mid C-cup breasts, and an ass about as firm and perfect as my fox teammate's. The other had shoulder-length black hair parted just to the right of the center with her bangs combed left in a way that made them look like feathers, a purple top that was basically just a piece of cloth around her B-cup breasts, purple short shorts, a small yet firm ass, wings for arms from halfway down her biceps to her wrists with black bird feathers, human hands growing out of the top of her wings, which extended a little past them but that could have the extra length fold up so she could use her hands, and the legs of a bird below her knees with a few inches of feathers where her legs changed. 

Yes. My teammates are all inhuman. Though, one could pass as one. The fox was a species of monster called a Kitsune and was named Mia. The devil girl was, ironically, named Angel. The girl with the bird wings was a Harpy named Cassidy. The one that could pass as human was a Naiad, a nature spirit from either water or trees, though our resident nature spirit is a part of both, named Janice. Out of all of our team members, however, I'm the most...unnatural. I, am a Tentacle Demon. Yes. Tentacles. And no, not the disgusting slimy kind that make a mess. Mine don't secrete goo or slime. I have the ability to generate them out of my back, thankfully without damaging my clothes. I usually use four but at most I've made eight before. 

"You're late," Mia said, voice as gentle and polite as ever. 

"Sorry," I sigh. "I couldn't wake up." 

"Man, you sleep more than me!" Janice complained. 

"That's impressive considering all you do is sleep and have sex," I snort. 

"Hey, it's not my fault I'm hungry all the time," Janice said. 

I should probably mention that my entire team, myself included, survive solely off of sexual energy and lust. Meaning in order to survive, we have to have sex several times a day. Whether with a human or another monster doesn't matter, though, for obvious reasons, we try to avoid "feeding" off of humans. 

And no, before you ask, I do not enjoy tentacle rape, nor do I ever use my tentacles for sex. Well, almost never. That's not to say they wouldn't work for sex. They actually are all basically just penises that happen to be prehensile, able to lift over two thousand pounds with two, and can extend up to around twenty feet, making grabbing the remote easy. They actually do produce semen, however, and may or may not produce sperm. I don't actually know on that one. But the only times they've ever actually been used for sex were when my Tentacle Demon instincts took over, once because I was starving to death, and once because someone important to me was killed. Or at least, I had thought they were. 

In both cases, I lost control and wound up using my tentacles to rape the closest thing. The time I was hungry it ended up being Angel. The time that someone important to me died, it was a succubus, something of a cross between a vampire and a devil girl. The succubus died. Quite bloodily. Angel, on the other hand, was fine since she fed off of my own sexual energy and lust as I was feeding off of her, and she and I ended up being an on and off thing for about two years. Well, I say we were a thing but what that really means is that she and I were having sex for more than just food. We both still slept with the other three on the team, as well as her sleeping with the occasional human that we worked for, when she couldn't hold her hunger in check. 

Our team hunts down other monsters, ones less controlled and polite about how they feed than us. Ones that generally kill their prey every time. Overseeing our team was a secret organization run by the Secretary of Defense that no one else, including the president, knew existed. In that organization were a couple hundred and change humans whose job descriptions ranged from sanitation of our facility, meaning cleaning up after our interrogations, executions on occasion, and any time we had to eat and run, to monitoring us on a mission. 

Sanitation probably was the worst job in the world, given how much of a mess we tended to make when we interrogated a monster or executed one, and no one wants to clean up after someone else's fuck session, but to be honest, every single human in the organization, shockingly to include the Secretary of Defense, had a section of their job description that stated that if we needed food and we came calling, they were not allowed to say no, nor were they allowed to file complaints for rape, assault, battery, or harassment, since some monsters got pretty violent when they "fed". 

"Can we go on our mission now?" Angel groaned. "I want to be done before the new arrivals show up." 

"You're just excited to have one of them on the team finally," I grinned. 

"Hell yeah!" Angel smirked. "Now can we go? We have to stop that freaky spider bitch before she bites anyone else. I so do not want another Arachne hive." 

"Just because you got tied down and gangbanged by three of them last time," Janice snorted. 

"Exactly!" Angel complained. "Arachne jizz tastes awful!" 

"Oh hush," I snorted. "Everybody pile in. Janice, you're driving." 

"Why can't you drive this time?" Janice complained. 

"Because I'm hungry and no one else is capable of passing as human," I said. "Unless you want me to starve myself, in which case at least one of you will end up like that succubus." 

"Pass," everyone but Angel said. 

"I don't know, that was the biggest meal I ever got," Angel shrugged. 

I shook my head, snorting in amusement, and we all piled into the black van we used to get around. We all hated having such a large vehicle, but it was the only one that allowed enough room for us to eat during a trip. Which actually happened quite a lot. 

Janice pulled out of the garage and started down the road. As she drove, Angel, Cassidy and I all went to the back, stripping in seconds. Then, I pulled Angel in for an already very heated kiss. Clearly I wasn't the only hungry one. While Angel and I kissed, my right hand massaged her breasts and my left massaged her ass. Beside us, Cassidy was rubbing herself and massaging her breasts while kissing Mia, who was stroking her own tails, which happened to be about as sensitive as her clit, making getting her off simple. Which is why she rarely actually took part in our group feeding sessions beyond kissing. It would leave her too weak to conduct the mission. 

I pulled back from my kiss with Angel, and she pushed me onto my back, my head landing between Cassidy's legs where I began to lap at her soaking wet slit instantly. She began to moan loudly, grinding her hips against my face as Angel straddled my hips and lowered herself, impaling her literally always soaking wet slit on my ten inch dick. She tilted her head back, moaning loudly until Cassidy silenced her with a kiss, both of them moving their hands to each other's breasts. 

As Angel began to move up and down on my member, Cassidy moved one hand down to her clit, rubbing it in small furious circles. Angel tilted her head back, moaning loudly and beginning to move frantically on my member. Because I knew Angel as well as I did, I knew that meant she was close, which also meant she had been teasing herself all morning in anticipation. I smirked, thrusting up into her, matching her ever drop at the same time as I pushed three of my fingers up into Cassidy, curling my fingers into her G-spot instantly. I began to thrust my fingers as quickly as I could, hitting her G-spot every time and Cassidy bent forward, gasping and quickly beginning to pant, trembling as she did. 

After being on this team as long as I have, considering I was the first member, if there's anything in this world I truly excel at, it's getting these girls to finish in record-breaking time. After scarcely three minutes of riding my dick, Angel arched her back, spasming, her juices spraying out around my shaft. A half second after she started, Cassidy's insides clamped down on my fingers and I pulled them out, locking my lips around her opening and rubbing her clit furiously, making her do the same. I drank her cum greedily, lapping up anything I missed after the initial squirting had finished. She finally stood, legs barely supporting her, in order to make me stop, then collapsed into the seat beside Mia, who kissed her, arms wrapping around Cassidy's neck. 

Angel, who was still finding the strength to continue repeatedly impaling herself on my cock, bent down, kissing me and our tongues began to duel instantly, Angel's walls twitching in arousal and pleasure as she tasted Cassidy's cum on my tongue and lips. After a couple more minutes, Angel dug her fingernails into my shoulders, pressing her mouth against my neck to silence a scream as her back arched and she began to cum again, her juices once again spraying out around my shaft. This time, however, she didn't even slow down, instead moving in perfect sync with her orgasm's contractions so that she squeezed on the way up and relaxed on the way down. I glared at her, gritting my teeth. She knew me almost as well as I knew her. She knew how much I loved it when she did that. However, I wasn't going to let her win the competition that usually started, so the next time she dropped, I slid down a bit, flexing the muscles in my dick, making it hit her G-spot as she bottomed out. She gasped then squeezed her eyes shut as a scream began to tear out of her, her juices once again spraying out of her. 

I sat up instantly, silencing her with a kiss just as her insides clamped down and she picked up and dropped three times almost before I knew she had moved. This time, it was my turn to have to silence myself with her shoulder, though I chose to leave a nice dark spot as repayment, as my cock finally let loose, wave after wave of semen flooding into her. She tilted her head back, biting down on her lower lip to keep quiet as I filled her with my cum. Finally, my orgasm faded and she slumped forward, gasping for breath and smiling. 

"As often as we do this, it's probably a good thing you can't get me pregnant," Angel smiled. 

"What do you mean probably?" I snorted. "Can you imagine trying to explain feeding that kid?" 

Angel shook her head, sighing then moaning as she lifted off of my dick, gingerly pulling her panties back on as I dressed myself as well. Once I was fully dressed, I moved to the passenger seat, buckling in and getting some napkins out of the glovebox, wiping Cassidy's juices off of my face. Janice kept glancing over at me and I chuckled. 

"Jealous?" I asked and I saw her blush out of the corner of my eye. 

"No!" she said, a little too aggressively. 

I grinned knowingly, and she growled in annoyance. 

"I'm not jealous!" she snapped. "I'm just hungry!" 

"Well why didn't you say so?" I grinned. "Cassidy, would you mind?" 

"My pleasure," Cassidy purred, beginning to lightly trail her tongue over the side of Janice's neck, something that was well known to be Janice's second biggest turn on. 

As she did, she reached around, slipping her hand under Janice's skirt to her bare pussy, beginning to lightly trace it over her outer lips and erect clit. I reached over to the wheel, steering for Janice, as she was incapable at the moment, and Janice moaned loudly, reaching back and tangling her fingers in Cassidy's hair. Cassidy grinned as her fingers slipped into Janice's sopping wet entrance then stopped, Cassidy pulling her head away from Janice's neck. 

"That should be enough, right?" Cassidy asked. 

I glanced at Janice's flushed and annoyed face and grinned, then looked back at the road, seeing a red light. Since this was a fairly common occurrence for us, I already had had the sense to use two of my tentacles to remove Janice's feet from the pedals, one of my tentacles now pressing the brake, stopping us as perfectly as an overcautious driver, which is what we technically were, at the moment, since us getting pulled over would end poorly. 

"Don't stop," Janice moaned as Cassidy's fingers just barely moved, just enough to get Janice to speak. 

"Oh?" Cassidy grinned. 

She loved teasing Janice. To the point that it was almost cruel. Almost. Janice secretly loved it too, especially since it was Cassidy doing it. 

"Don't stop what?" Cassidy asked, ghosting her tongue over Janice's neck for a moment, eliciting a loud moan. "This? Or this?" 

She pushed her fingers a fraction of an inch deeper and Janice moaned again. 

"All of it!" Janice whined. "Please! Just do it!" 

"You have to tell me what you want," Cassidy said. "Otherwise how will I know what's good?" 

"Please!" Janice whined. "You know! Please do it!" 

I grinned. Janice could never resist Cassidy. 

"Do what?" Cassidy asked, leaning down so that her lips were close enough for Janice to feel them without actually touching. 

"Kiss me!" Janice moaned, reaching up. 

Cassidy happily obliged, their tongues battling almost instantly as Cassidy's fingers began to pump in and out of Janice, her thumb rubbing her fully erect clit in small fast circles. Janice's back arched instantly, the nymph using Cassidy's mouth to silence herself as Cassidy pleasured her. After a couple of minutes, Janice reached back toward Cassidy. For a moment, I thought she might have been trying to reach Cassidy's own slit. However, she only grabbed Cassidy's hand, squeezing it as she arched her back, screaming into Cassidy's mouth as she came, her juices squirting out of her like a fountain. Like all monster girls, Janice was a squirter. I had actually never met one who wasn't. Finally, Cassidy pulled her hand back, lifting it up to her mouth and licking and sucking one finger clean before holding the other out for Janice, who happily cleaned her finger of her own cum. 

Once it was clean, Cassidy pulled her hand back, placing a quick chaste kiss on Janice's lips and whispering something to Janice who smiled happily, suddenly glowing with joy. I smiled, already knowing what Cassidy had said. Then, I pulled my tentacles back, allowing Janice to take over driving again. 

"How far is this warehouse?" Mia finally complained. 

"Not much further," I said. "A few minutes at most. Just enough for everyone to recover." 

They all nodded, the van falling silent, except for Janice's still-labored breathing, and we watched as the large buildings of the city turned into the broken down abandoned buildings of a slum. Then, they gave way to fields. Then trees. Then, finally, the van slowed to a stop in front of an ancient abandoned mill. We all got out, staring at the mill before everyone turned to me. 

"What?" I asked. "It's an Arachne. All we have to do is kill it. At worst Angel get's gangbanged again." 

"That is so not funny," Angel grumbled. 

I snorted, drawing my pistols as we walked toward the mill. Just outside of it, the mill a dozen spiders the size of Saint Barnards with the upper body of nude females in place of heads, with eight eyes and pincers dripping acid leapt out of the grass. I extended all eight of my tentacles, catching eight of the spiders and crushing them to death instantly while shooting two more in the heads. The last two tackled Angel and Cassidy to the ground. The one that tackled Cassidy to the ground was instantly torn off of her by Janice, who began to tear it apart with a pair of knives. The one who tackled Angel managed to sting her in the upper thigh before Mia used her khakharra to smash it into the ground, killing it. 

"God damnit!" Angel swore, holding a hand to her leg while clamping her mouth shut on a loud moan. "Why do I always get injected with the aphrodisiacs?" 

"Because you're the horniest one of us," I grinned, planting a light kiss on her lips, while my finger ran through her other set, teasing her. 

"Noooo," she moaned. "No teasing! That's not fair!" 

I chuckled then stood, turning to the mill again and sigh, holding my pistols loosely. 

"I'll run clean up," I said. "You guys look after Angel and keep her from being gangbanged by spiders again." 

Mia nodded and I walked into the mill, then to the center of it. It had been cleared out by the spiders, then filled with webbing again. From the center, I could see the webbing on all of the walls, but couldn't tell how many spiders their were. Fortunately I didn't need to. They all came out to welcome me. I raised my pistols, beginning to shoot, spiders dropping right and left with sickening splats. Each time a pistol ran out, I dropped the mag on the spot and used a tentacle to reload. It was a quick method, since I had practiced it enough. However, before long, I was out of rounds. I drew my sword and began to slash the spiders as they got close until only the queen was left. 
