 Just a quick note for the readers

I am not a tattoo artist any more than a Greek Mythologist. This is a work of fiction and any miss steps in the way things really work are because of these facts. None of the people in this piece are real; any reference to the real world is purely coincidental. Enjoy.

Estephan stretched. He wasn't sure what time it was but it was early yet. The light coming in thru the window was dim. He leaned up and found Galenee standing at the foot of his bed. She was an amazon compared to the rest of the mythic beauties that Nikita had called to her. Galenee was a Sylph, he wasn't entirely sure what that meant but she was an Elemental of the air.

"How long have you been watching Galenee?" he asked.

"Not long, I could feel you returning from your sleep. Does it bother you?" She asked.

"I can't say it does when I don't know your there until I am awake. Why are you here? I would have figured Lyrusi or Yerni would have been in my bed trying to suck start me."

"Nikita wouldn't let them. Apparently you have a rule?" She said.

"I suppose I do. Do you have a problem with that?" He asked.

"Yes." She said.

He looked at her somewhat confused by her answer. How could she have a problem with him wanting to know what she would impart him with as a gift? That her gift might not be something he would be able to understand or he might inadvertently hurt someone with. Or change him in some drastic fashion he wouldn't be able to explain to people that new him, like his mother. He was having a hard enough time thinking about how he was going to explain his enhanced physique to her to begin with.

"Well I apologize. I am very grateful that I am worthy of such gifts. I am also very afraid that your gift could change me in a way I wouldn't understand, or be able to explain. I said it to the others as a joke. About getting horns if Yerni wanted to make me hornier."

She giggled and cracked a smile.

"I won't take a gift if it night hurt people. Not that I am telling any of you what part of yourselves to share with me, just know that if I don't know if I can handle your gift, it is that I am untrusting of myself with it. Not that I am untrusting of your ability or affection in giving it."

"Then you are not setting terms on what you want from any of us?" She asked.

"No, you don't tell someone what you want as a gift."

"Would you take me?" She asked. "Throw me down and have your way with me?"

"That would depend, are you asking me to, or worried I would?" He asked.

"Look at me, I am expected to be the aggressive type, it's my nature." She said.

"I don't see it. TO me you look as aggressive as a summer breeze. You want me to 'take you', I am more than willing. I know I wouldn't break you getting in a good tussle in the sack with you." He said.

"I ... one second." She turned to walk out of his bedroom only to come face to face with Nikita.

"I think you have your answer, Galenee. His is willing, what would you offer as a gift?" Nikita asked.

Galenee leaned to Nikita and whispered in her ear. Nikita nodded and looked at him affectionately.

"She would grant you empathy. I think you would be greatly rewarded in accepting this gift." She said.

"Then I willing accept your gift and will 'take you' most enjoyable." He said with a playful grin.

Nikita didn't give her much of a chance to react. She bodily shoved the sylph on to the bed, into his ready clutches. Grabbing her right wrist so that when she hit the bed her arm would be pinned under her. He wasted little time in shoving his hand into the front of her skirt-dress. Gathering her hair in his other hand and leaning over her bodily, he had her pinned to the bed.

"Make the clothes disappear." He hissed in her ear.

"Yes." She moaned.

Tugging at her hair lightly, "Yes what?" He asked as he bit down gently on her earlobe.

"Yes, Lord." She replied trembling and her clothes vanished.

"mmm. Good girl. You just relax and let me have you. Any struggling and I might have to get ruff." He said as his massaged her labia but only teasingly.

"Yes, Lord" she hissed in pleasure.

He worked her pussy into a sopping pool before flicking his finger over her aching clit. Her body went ridged and she let a throaty groan escape her clenched teeth. He circled her clit a few time and finger spanked it again. She bucked against him, nectars flowing steadily from her hot blossom. She whimpered and squirmed but didn't fight, just begged with her body.

He rolled her face down on to the bed and straddled her legs. He pushed the cheeks of her ass apart until her labia could be seen puckered in the cradle of legs. He lined his hard --on with the wet slit and shoved it deep. Her back arched as she squirmed to get even more of him in her clenching throbbing depths.

He groped and kneaded her gorgeous ass as he set a slow deep pace. As her inner muscles relaxed for a release, he'd slap her ass and increase his pace. After the third slap he could hold back no more. He leaned forward on his arms and started pounding in to her like a machine. She gushed and moaned as orgasm after orgasm ripped thru her trapped body. Her legs shook and she clawed the covers and pillows like an animal.

As he approached his own climax, he pulled out of her and flipped her over. Grabbing a hand full of her hair he looked into her eyes. He pumped his cock a few times and shot his load all over her heaving breasts and stomach. She melted into an orgasmic puddle.

"You've been taken." He said huskily. Then pushed her back onto the bed to wriggle in her orgasm and moved to get out of the bed.

"Thank you, Lord." She breathed.

He realized he could feel her satisfaction. It amazed him. There were other feelings to want, need, lust, and amazement. His head turned towards the source of these feelings and Nikita was standing in the same place she had been when she shoved Galenee into the bed with him. Looking into her eyes her body quivered and she had a little orgasm from just meeting his gaze.

"You want something like that yourself?" He asked Nikita.

"How did you do that?" She asked in astonishment.

"Just gave her what she wanted, and how she wanted it." He said. "Females, it would seem, have similar needs to sexual fulfillment, regardless of species."

"But I have never heard of a sylph whimper. They are such proud beings." She said.

"Even proud needs a good hold-em down fucking now and then." He said with a smile and headed for the bathroom to shower.

Remembering to grab a towel from the linen closet he stepped into the bathroom. He wasn't surprised that the Lyrusi was lounging in the empty tub. She was idly rubbing her pussy and gently fondling her pert nipples. Her day dream was not all affected by this coming in. He tossed the towel onto the closed seat of the toilet.

Her eyes flew open when he turned on the sink to brush his teeth. She turned pink all over but didn't stop playing with herself. He grunted at her. She got the hint, she wanted to be watched and he let her know that he knew it. It goes without saying he wanted her to give him a better show thou.

He set to brushing his teeth. She repositioned herself so he could watch her in the mirror. She pushed two fingers deeply into her glistening honey pot. He nodded 'yes' and continued brushing. She brushed the fingers of her other hand back and forth over her clit, she paced the rhythm on how he brushed. He took the brush out of his mouth for a moment to smile at that.

He brushed his teeth like they were on fire. Once he rinsed he turned and looked her in the eyes and said "Now cum for my you little tease." She eyes opened wide as her orgasm gush out of her. She trembled uncontrollable. He leaned towards her and pinched her nipples between his fingers and thumbs.

"Cum again and I will taste it for you." He said huskily.

She moaned and came so hard she was on the verge of blacking out. He tweaked her nipples aggressively enough to keep her eyes on him. He leaned down and picked her up out of the tub, carried her into his bed laid her down and as promised licked the lips of her labia to taste her orgasm. She orgasmed again, only this time he let her black out. Galenee smiled at him with a glazed euphoric expression. His shower went on uneventfully after that.

"When am I going to get some attention?" Yerni whined. "Don't you want me? You said you did. So why are you not giving me any hot man goo?"

"Because I want you to be ready." He said.

"I'm so ready now I could fuck you in half!" She said.

"I think that is what he is talking about." Ducici whispered from the side.

"That is it exactly. If I told you I was going to give you 1 on 1 hot sweet lovin' this evening, would you calm down about trying to rape my all day." He asked.

"You are playing around? You mean it?" Yerni asked.

"He made Galenee whimper in pleasure." Nikita said. "And Lyrusi cum by just telling her to."

"Are you sure you are a mortal?" Ducici asked whimsically.

"Nope, I am a demigod of pleasure for my Nike and her entourage of mythic beauties."

"Don't joke about that! You might piss someone off." Nikita yelped.

His smile faded and he thought about that, she was right. They were from the higher realms, they probably knew demigods. He was just a monkey ....

"Ok, I am a self-trained pleasure monkey!" He corrected.

Nikita sighed and joined as all of the women giggled. Ducici had picked up quickly on how to get things done in the kitchen. He had a plate with bacon and eggs waiting for him. Toast sat waiting to be buttered. It wasn't till she leaned in to fill his coffee cup that he realized the only thing she was wearing was a 'kiss the cook' apron. He watched her hungrily as he ate every bite she had fixed for him.

"So how does the schedule look for today? I have Mr. Johnson coming in for a temp and Cindy Petrajes with her father possibly. Is there anything else?"

"Me, I get time today, right?" Yerni asked.

"Yes, but you are pleasure, the schedule is for work. I would hardly think pleasuring you is going to be work. It is going to be an erotic exploration of your sexy body." He said warmly as he grabbed Ducici and pulled her in front of him, between the table and his chair.

"I am ready for a little desert Ms. Cook." He said as he lifted her and sat her on the table in front of him. Pushing the apron up and urging Ducici to lean back some, he started making out with her labia. He held her legs high and wide. So she couldn't lean forward. He kissed, licked, and Frenched his way up and down her slit a dozen times before zeroing in on her clitoris. When he did, her breathing was coming in panting shallow breaths. He suckled her clitoris till her body fell back on the table and she bucked.

"You have a few hours before you need to be in the parlor." Nikita said.

"We'll head over there after breakfast. Could you and Yerni get the caddy and trunk in the truck?"

Yerni was up and had the caddy gathered up in a flash. He flipped the towel he was wearing out of the way, picked Ducici up off the table and slammed her down on his towering penis. This time she sank to the hilt. Nikita shuddered and nodded as she left the table. He wrapped his arms around her waist and buried his face in her cleavage. As he bounced her slowly he caressed her ass and would delve in the tickle her sides of her labia from the back.

She was moaning and gasping a symphony. Slicking up his finger in her flowing juices, he starting painting little circles over her anal pucker. She went tease the first time after three or four passes she was rolling her hips to get more sensation from his ministering. He greased his finger in her juices and held it at her back door. He didn't push; he let her draw him in. She pushed back letting a little of his finger push into her. Half a dozen strokes and his finger was deeply into her ass.

She was riding his cock as he finger fucked her ass. When she came, her ass clamped down on his finger, her legs went ridged, and a flood of orgasms drowned his cock. He lifted her off of him and laid her on the table.

"Thank you for breakfast." He said before placing a tender kiss on her quivering thigh.

He dressed quickly, and was out the door with Nikita and Yerni before any of the others had recovered from there orgasms'. He door to the parlor. Yerni watched him like he was going to explore. Nikita looked out the window at the houses and shops. More than once she seems to try to make note of a shop. He pulled into the parking lot to a gathering of clapping hands. Mr. Johnson, Cindy, her father as well as his mother and a dozen others from other shops to the strip mall. It was only 10 minutes after 9. He had it posted clearly that he would open at 10 o'clock Mon-Fri. It hadn't stopped anyone from wanting to welcome the new shop to their strip. And when he thought about it, his mother probably got here before the sun came up, with breakfast and coffee.

"Well hello everyone, I would have gotten here a lot sooner if I knew there was going to be a party!" He called out of the SUV.

A few laughs sounded from the crowd. He stepped out of the SUV and walked to his mother to give her a hug. A wave to Mr. Petrajes. Johnson, who brought his wife with him, he also waved to. Cindy danced from foot to foot with a big smile, like a kid going to the circus. He checked to see where Nikita and Yerni were. Yerni was talking to the girl from the flower boutique at the end of the strip mall. Nikita was waiting by the truck with the back open. He remembered his cart and dads' trunk were still in the back.

"Ok everyone. We need to get things set up inside. So if you could give us about fifteen minutes I'll open the doors and we can start this shin-dig." He called.

Yerni had borrowed a hand-trunk from the florist. It made moving things a lot easier. And true to his word He opened the doors fifteen minutes later to let everyone in. People talked and mingled Nikita set herself at the desk and answered questions. Yerni took appointments for potential clients. Mr. and Mrs. Johnson he greeted and walked into the back.

"Hello Mrs. Johnson, so your husband told you what he wanted to do?" Estephan asked.

"Yes, he can't keep secrets from me?" She said slyly.

"She can be very insistent when she wants to be." Mr. Johnson agreed.

"I see well secrets are sometimes best left that way. Otherwise how will you ever get a surprise?" Estephan said. "But to each their own. Did you bring a copy of her foot print?"

"Here you go." She said handing it to him.

He looked it over as he walked out to the copy machine in the office. He made four copies of the copy each a slightly different size. The original was so small you might not have known it was a foot print. He had a thought, he pulled a black marker out and drew a vague scroll shape around the footprint they copied it in negative. He took them all back into the other room.

"Your daughter had such tiny feet. How old is she now if I might ask?" Estephan said.

"She is five, and in kinder garden." She beamed.

"Ok, sir, shirt off. Let's check out where you want this and how you want it placed." He said.

Mr. Johnson took off the shirt and set it to the side. As with most men he had chest hair. Estephan put on latex gloves and did a bleed test near where Mr. Johnson wanted the tattoo. It went by kind of quickly after that and within the span of half an hour he had his little girls foot print Temp tattooed on his chest.

He held a mirror for Mr. Johnson to look it over; his wife absolutely squirmed in her seat. He gave them a list of things to do to prep for getting a real tattoo, shaving and ointments for after. They paid and darted out of the parlor. Their car however didn't drive off for about twenty minutes. 'Guess I know how she got the secret out of him.' He thought.

Cindy wondered over to him, "Is it ok if I bring my Dad in with me?" She asked.

"If it makes you feel more comfortable bring whoever you like. Just only one guest in the room with you thou, no family meetings." He said with a touch of humor.

"He didn't threaten you last night did he?" She asked quietly under her breath.

"Of course he did! He was watching out for his daughter, and making sure I wasn't some sicko pervert. Which I am not regardless of what my fat cunt of a property manager says." He said loudly. "If you can't take my word for it, ask my Mom." Pointing her out for everyone to see.

He got a few laughs about that and a stern look from his mother. Looking around the parlor the rest of the ladies managed to get here somehow. It didn't surprise him. He leaned closer to Cindy,

"You wouldn't happen to know any good apartment complexes in the local area would you? You're in collage round these parts? So where do all the beautiful people stay?" He asked.

"I don't know I live in the dorms. My dad owns a few places."

"Really he didn't mention that, he did however tell me he was a PHD." He said. Looking at her with a bit of fear in his eye. "Purveyor of Human Destruction, to any one that hurt his daughter."

"HE didn't. That joke is so bad. He wants me to run some apartment complex. He owns three."

"He does, so why isn't he getting you the tattoos if he's so well off?" He asked.

"He refused to get me tattoos, said I was too young, then in the same breath tells me I need to start showing some responsibility and take over a complex. He is so confusing. Now he's here cause you did these," holding her arms out, "And my cousin drove thru your car. Bet it was my Aunt's fault."

"Wait your cousin destroyed my car? How did you know about that?"

"Dad. He said you lived in the apartment complex he wants me to run and that Lana run over your car while Aunt Katy was trying to teach her to drive." She said.

"You could run the apartment complex I live in? Well why don't you? The place needs someone who isn't a busy body or self-centered bitch. I mean, my neighbor has been asking to get the hand rail on her balcony fixed for five months."

"Is she really that bad?" she asked.

"She called me a pimp and my friends' hooker-sluts. What do you think?" He

She just looked at him and said nothing. Her father took that as a chance to join in on the conversation.

"SO what exactly is this body mapping you are trying to talk my daughter into? If you are so innocent, explain it to me." Petrajes said.

"Just what is sounds like, we are going to map and make copies of her scars, so I have a road map to work from. Otherwise I would have to work on her directly, which would take too much time away from her studies, and my other clients." He said.

"Copies? How?" She asked confused.

"Coal rubbing, like they use on old tombstones. It won't take long at all. If you don't want me to do it I am sure one of my assistants would do it instead." He said, "But I do really need to have it, to make sure all of the tattoo work blends the scars away, and that it doesn't cross over any of the 'no zones'."

"No zones?" her father asked.

"Parts of the body that are very hard or potentially dangerous, like over the spine."

"I have seen full back tattoos." He said, she nodded in agreement.

"I can guarantee that they did them in stages and painfully slowly. No part of the body can't be tattooed. It is a matter of care in having it done and time you are willing to commit."

Both of them looked at him with shocked expressions. Nikita came over with drinks for him and his clients. He was thankful for the break into the conversation. He noticed the Jennelle was skirting the edge of the room trying to look like she wasn't leering at him. Galenee was stalking the young women with comedic ease. Really a 5 foot something little teller being followed in the lobby by a 6 foot tall amazon goddess. The only person in the room not to notice was Jennelle.
