 My name is Riktys, mage and alchemist. I am holder of the five rings of magic and learned in all four schools of wizardry. I have yet to see my fiftieth year in age and I am a half-elf. With just this I think you can guess I am hated by many other wizards and elves. It has been a few years since someone has come calling with a challenge-dual. As last I hear from one of my few friends the Heraldic Council doesn't speak about me any longer. It would stand to reason that if they ignore me, they can still hold their air of superiority.

As an acolyte studying magic, the instructors took it upon themselves to bury me in studies to force me to quit. As I write this I grin for their efforts only made me smarter, at twenty I held three of the five rings, thou holding all five at that time would not have been difficult. Study had taught me more than just how to wield the winds of magic, I gained an understanding of culture and economics far beyond most seasoned journeyman. I speak six languages thou I will only openly admit to four of them. Someone of elven half blood speaking in a Dwarf tongue could be a death sentence. From Dwarves and Elves alike. 

At the age of thirty I was hired onto a trade ship as an appraiser. On the third morning of the journey members of the crew at the captain's orders bound me in chains and threw me over board. I was no fool and had been casting water breathing spells on myself every night since setting foot on the ship. My worries lay in where we were. If we still crossed over Sea-devil waters, being able to breath would make no difference to my survival. 

As I hit the water my mind raced in a hundred directions a once. Most of the magic I had command of were for air breathing foes. Fireball isn't a useful spell in the water, Lightning was equally useless in that it would kill me as well as any foe within 10 feet of me. Her hands were there, then her lips on mine. A mermaid was bestowing me with the kiss. It wasn't apparent to her that I was not struggling to breath. The smile that she gave me when she thought she had saved my life was heart melting. Bound as I was I could do nothing but return her smile.

She tugged at the chains to no avail. She lacked the knowledge to unravel them. She swam off leaving me sitting on a sandy plain thirty feet below the surface. I worked at freeing my hands but the crew had known of my magic and coiled them tightly to thwart my attempts at the use there of. It felt like hours had passed when the mermaid came swimming back into view. My relief at seeing her was short lived. 

Three other mermaids swam with her, beautiful and deadly. The one that had given the kiss to me stopped a few yards from me and let the others examine me. The clicking of the communication rattled in my head because the nest thing I knew I was lying in a shallow wading pool at the base of a sheer cliff. 

"You are wake now?" asked a distinct female voice.

"Yes I am awake now. Where are we?" 

Her eyes questioned not fully understanding what I had asked. "Metal" She said pointing towards the edge of the wading pool. 

Looking down at my legs I understood what she meant. The mermaids not able to remove the chains from my legs, brought me to shore where there were other other metal things of the air-breathers world that I could use to free myself. They had freed my hands as well as cutting the bindings on my trousers. As I moved close to the pile of 'metal' she had pointed out, my pants worked there way down.

Modesty was the furthest thing from my mind. 

She eyed me from a deeper part of the pool. I looked over the discarded items for a pry bar or hammer and chisel. A happened upon a rust ring of keys, one of which was anything but rusty. It shined like new in the afternoon sun. Pulling it from the ring I held it to the chains and will it's magic to life. The locks sprang open and the chains loosened their hold on me. 

"Yes!" I shouted, squirming out of the chains. 

"Now you do for me. I save and free. You make for me now?" the mermaid said timidly.

"I will make for you. What is it you want?"

"Yes, want, want this." she said a little more confidently while reaching out to caress my manhood.

I froze, "To keep?" 

"You make me, want this, in me." she said lifting herself out of the water enough for me to see she no longer had an tail but legs.

"You want me to mate with you." I said nodding and holding my hand out for her.

And this was mating, no kissing or petting, just right to it. I did however join her in full nudity before laying her gently to the ground. She was quivering before I even touched her. Saying she was wet seems silly to me even now, but sliding into her was effortless. Her nails dug into me as her vale of her virginity was split by invading member. A few slow deep thrusts and her discomfort was forgotten. Her hips bucked to meet mine. Her eyes held mine as the first of her orgasms rolled over her.

Nothing in life will prepare you for the orgasm of a mermaid. Her pupils dilated as the wave of pleasure washed thru her quivering body. Her expression changed to one of worry. Grabbing the sides of my head to cover my ears she let out a wail of pleasure that sent ripples across the wading pool and broke loose a fair number of chucks from the cliff face.

"More." she said looking in my eyes and seeing the life had not left them.

I gathered my strength and increased my pace. Her body pulsed with every thrust. Her eyes went wide feeling my release inside of quivering womb. Her jaw went slack and her eyes rolled back, the limpness of her body must have made the others of her kind fear the worst. I felt the sting of something as the hazy world of my orgasm fell into the numb darkness of unconsciousness. 

"Ugh what... the hells.." I said as the light set the pounding waves of pain through my skull.

"Well you really are going to live." scoffed a thickly elven accented womens voice. "There are provisions in the backpack next to you. Eat something before you pass out again."

"How long have I been out?"

"If the fish girls are to be believed, four days." She answered. 

"Four? How did I get here?" I ask opening the pack she indicated.

"They paid me to take your heavy ass." she answered, "And we are headed to the Vale before you ask. A school I have been putting together. If your smart you might want to stick around. From what those maids claim you were thrown over broad bound in chains. Sounds tome like you have an adversary with a lot of money or influence. Might want to lay low and learn up on some useful skills and get a bead on who wanted you dead and gone like that."

"I already know the who and the why. As for the learning useful skills, I already have a formidable set."

"Not enough to keep you from getting tossed in the middle of the sea apparently." she said with a half chuckle. I couldn't argue that point.

"Where are my cloths?" 

"They didn't give me any for you so.. I wasn't going to dress you anyway." she remarked.

"So you have just been riding through the empire with a naked unconscious man in the back of your wagon and this didn't raise any questions along the way?"

"A ranger of my acquaintance did ask me if I had bought you or if I was selling you. I think he was interested. You want me to introduce you?"

"No, that really won't be necessary."

Seeing the food ended any ability I had to carry on further conversation.

"Names Valkyrie by the way, welcome to the Vale, Riktys."