 Just a quick note for the readers

I am not a tattoo artist any more than a Greek Mythologist. This is a work of fiction and any miss steps in the way things really work are because of these facts. None of the people in this piece are real; any reference to the real world is purely coincidental. Enjoy.




He looked at the business card, "Sebastian Inkwell". He wasn't sure why he took the card off of the contacts broad in the suppliers lobby. He wasn't looking for a tattoo, he had several and a fair number of piercings. Now his was sitting in the parking lot in front of the tattoo parlor and had no earthly idea what he was doing here.

The door of the parlor opened and he froze. Two of the women in the place were completely naked and unbelievably gorgeous. A tap at the driver side window made him jump. He looked and saw the person that had attempted to get his attention. She was tall, sexy, and nude. He rolled down the window an inch or so.

"Do you need help?" He asked.

"No, we just want to know how long you are going to hide in your car." She said in a tone that had him twitching in his pants.

"Shesin, we don't drag them in. If he wants to change his mind he can." A second female voice said.

He turned his head to see who had spoken but saw nothing. He looked back at to Shesin to find the woman was gone. He looked at the front of the parlor, "Sharpirion" tattoos. He was arguing with himself, his internet check of the place was about useless. The shop had not been open an entire week yet, and the owner-operator was a guy named Estephan Prizton.

The door of the parlor opened again and a good looking women carrying a gun on her hip stepped to the sidewalk. A red head scooted out to this cop woman and gave her a kiss on the cheek. The red head giggled and darted back in the parlor. The officer just shook her head and got into her state tagged car and drove off. 

"Ok, I can see why Shesin was ruder than usual." A male voice said at the door of his car.

"Where did you come from, and where did she go?" He yelped startled again.

"My car." The guy said pointing at the red two door parked next to him.

"Are you coming in or are you leaving?" The guy said. "I'm busy today so I can take the weekend off. It has been a great first week."

"Wait, so you're Sebastian? Or Estephan?" He asked trying to open his door and step out without removing his seat belt. 

"Yes." The guy said and started across the parking lot.

"Damn it, wait a second." He said angrily, pulling his sit belt off and climbing out of his car.

"I told you I was busy. Hurry it up. The ladies don't like to be kept waiting." He called over his shoulder and kept walking to the parlor door.

"Ladies? They're running around your shop naked." Anthony said.

"So you can see that will be helpful. Come on or you aren't going to fit in my schedule."

Anthony stepped into the parlor and every teenage fantasy he ever had stood or lounged here. Tall amazon women in leather, three naked hotties prancing about, and a cream skinned goddess with black hair sitting behind the counter in living color before his eyes.

"Welcome, first you need to answer three questions." The cute red head said as she took his arm.

"What? I am here to ask questions. Not answer them." Anthony said.

"There about sex." She purred at him.

"Why would you want to know about sex?" He squeaked.

"Cause the faster you answer the sooner we get to have some." She said with a grin.

His head spun and his vision blurred. An armed hooked under his and held him upright.

"Alright Tony. Don't puss out on me." The guy from the parking lot said. He pulled him in to the back where a stainless steel table stood. "I am Sebastian, and Estephan. The ladies have recruited you. I can see why. You need some water while we talk about it?"

"Recruited? Then what was the sex thing?" Tony asked.

"We'll get to that later. You can see their real forms, the ladies out front?"

"What are they?" Tony asked.

"So yes. This isn't the first time you have seen something like them is it?" Estephan asked.

"How do you know that? I never tell anyone." Tony whispered.

"Well, I have some good news and some bad news." Estephan said.

"I can help you. Answers to questions, a good paying position, and an apartment. The bad news is three of the women get super horny when a mortal can see them and it is likely all three of them are going to fuck you before they let you leave. You with me so far?" Estephan said evenly toned.

"Mortal?" Tony asked.

"Good you heard that. You pass the first test. Now the card you have is a lure for those that with very little help have seen the higher realm or a being from it. Thalia made them for us." Estephan said. "To answer your question, Sebastian Inkwell is my name in the higher realm. So anyone from there coming here will be easily identifiable when they come calling."

"Then how did I get it? I'm not from some other realm. You some kind of demon-psyco with a deal for my soul?" Tony asked.

"Nope, just a tattoo artist with a cool job moonlighting as the ambassador to heaven. Job has some great perks, and lots of sex. Not much good sex going on up there so when they come here... you understand?" Estephan said.

"No!" Tony said. "Is that why I got the card?" 

"Yes! Now you probably have questions and you can ask. First you have to answer one. Sound fair?"

"I... yeah?" Tony said confusedly.

"You want to live forever?" Estephan asked.

Tony's eyes went wide. "Hell no!" He replied. 

"You pass! Now ask your questions." Estephan said.

"What exactly is going on?" He asked.

Estephan smiled. "The muses have gone missing. We are going to be searching for them."

"Muses? Like the invisible girl with creative powers?" Tony asked.

"Yes, only this isn't 'Charmed' and they have been missing for a century." Estephan said.

"Did he pass?" Asked a sweet little hottie peeking in the door.

"Yes, Lyrusi, he passed. Just can't wait can you?" Estephan said.

"I can't help it, you keep us so horny, any chance to get a little that doesn't tax you is ..." Lyrusi said.

"She would like to have sex with you?" Estephan said like she was going to shake his hand.

"Now?" Tony asked?

"Uh-huh. I think you will better understand the rest of this after you relaxed a little." Estephan said. "So out of my clean room and don't break my desk."

"Come on I don't bite, unless you tell me too." Lyrusi said.

Tony was led into his office by the nymph. He stood and walked out to the lobby. Nikita paced along the far wall as she had been doing for the last four hours. Joxifa and Eirene had gone looking for the missing Hind, Yerni. Nikita was starting to feel very guilty about having brought the Hind into the real world in the first place. She hadn't thought about how some of the mythics would be treated when they returned to the higher realm. She had only thought about those that she knew could handle being in the mortal realm.

Shesin put her hand on his arm and shook her head. He took her advice and left the Nike to her thoughts. After the night of marathon sex and education, he was feeling surprisingly well. Once Thalia had gifted him with endemic memory he was able to remember everything in the book that he read or was read to him. And after much discussion it was agreed that he was going to need others from the mortal realm to help, not just others of higher realm.

Thalia came up with the card. A stack of business cards that would seek out those that meet a set of standards set by Estephan. The cards would be found or are passed on to those people that were in some way connected to the higher realm. Be it watched over by an angel, stalked by a succubus, or spotted the tooth fairy when they were a child. These individuals would be given a chance to join the search or staff, in some way be an active part of this. This would mean they were going to be claimed and claim one or two mythical beings as their helpers as well.

Tony was the first. Nikita noticed him watching her as she wondered town. She didn't look out of place but when he looked at her she was sure he knew there was something different about her. And once the card was within ten feet of him in had reacted and the 'he can see me' horny yelps of some of the ladies had confirmed Nikita's theory. 

The door to the parlor opened and Joxifa stepped inside, followed by a very shaky Yerni. Nikita visibly showed her relief. Estephan walked over and took the Hind into his arms. Yerni shuttered and leaned heavily against him.

"I was worried about you." He said.

"You worried about me? But you have plenty of sex." She said wide eyed. 

"So none of that sex is hot Yerni lovin'." Estephan said playfully.

"And you said I needed to calm it some?" she asked.

"You did, and I couldn't go with out for long." He said.

The Hind swooned in his arms. Even Shesin gave him a 'you had that coming' look. He scooped her up and carried her into his office. Tony was pinned to the floor by Lyrusi and Joxifa riding him in reckless euphoria. They both smiled at him, Tony came in Joxifa's depths as his face was bathed in a flood of Lyrusi's nectar.

"How you feeling about things Tony? Feeling relaxed and ready to talk?" Estephan asked.

"These women could fuck a guy to death." Tony panted.

"You complaining or stating?" Estephan asked.

"Uh, I donno." Tony replied.

"Well keep quiet for a few then we can talk about it." Estephan said as her gently laid Yerni over his desk.

He slid a hand under her soft ass and lifted her slightly, dipping his tongue into her dripping folds. Her eyes snapped open and locked with his. He smiled around his tongue for her. Her breathing picked up and when he wrapped his lips over her clitoris she moaned and came. She tasted sweet to his tongue and her energy. He stood and pushed his hard cock into her before she knew what was happening.

Her body arched and thrashed over his thick pole. He reached forward placing his hand in her cleavage, rocked his hips back and pounded deeply into her sopping box. She squirmed around the desk, knocking papers to the floor. As a last effort to keep her still he held her throat gently and grabbed one of her breast harshly. Her eyes lit in fiery passion, bucking her hips, begging him to fuck her harder with her sweating body. 

"You going to come for me now, you wild little doe?" He asked huskily.

"Oooo! Lord Est.. Este..." She sputtered as her inner walls convulsed as if they were trying to suck his cock off.

His orgasm sprayed her depths and she went ridged. Her sweet silken walls vibrated around his bucking penis. She melted into a pool of content as his cock slid pleasurably slowly out of her weepy labia. He looked over at Tony, who still had a Ducici sucking on his so to be hard cock, and gave him a nod.

"So if you had to choose, what kind of mythical sex goddess would you most favor?" He asked Tony.

"That one chic is a demon isn't she?" He asked in return.

"Yup. And the lovely cock worshipper you have at the moment is a dryad." Estephan said.

"Are they evil, demons I mean?"

"Yup, just like us humans." Estephan said. "Angels are worse from what I hear. Haven't met one yet."

"And they would want to fuck too?" Tony asked.

"You need more pussy juice." Ducici declared and pushed him back rolling her hips over his cock.

"In the higher realms, sex is a way of bounding your energy to theirs. Like a contract. Don't panic, all of the mythic ladies here are already willingly bound to me. They are just really enjoying the pleasures of the mortal realm. Sex doesn't feel like it does here, up there." He said pointing at the ceiling.

Tony was starting to understand, maybe. All of those really out of place sexy people. Watching over someone or doing good. Unseen by most for who they really were. He could be part of that world, as if getting a few hot pieces of it dragged up and down his cock weren't enough to convince him.

"So how does this work, exactly? You did a lot of carrot dangling while I was still in the car." Tony asked.

"I know I did, and I asked you if you could choose a partner what it would be." Estephan asked. "I'll let you enjoy her a bit more. Be in to check on you in a few minutes."

He pulled his pants up and headed for the door. He opened it to find Nikita standing there. She had a smile and a glint in her eye that she wanted to be next. He hooked her arm and pulled her across to the clean room.

"Get naked and I will be back in two minutes." He whispered in her ear.

"You better, I really need... to... "She hissed.

He stepped into the lobby and got Galenee's attention as well as flagged Shesin over. They stepped over to him quickly.

"When Ducici is done, check on Yerni and make sure Ducici is straight. Shesin promised Ishara that she would track down her stolen personal stuff. Galenee go with her. Without knowing who else in the higher realm is playing both sides, no of us goes anywhere but the bathroom alone." He said.

"Are you serious?" Shesin asked. "She is only going to slow me down."

"I don't care if she makes you walk backwards. No one goes anywhere alone." He repeated.

"You think I am going to slow you down? Keep dreaming horn girl." Galenee jibed.

"Right, you two work it out." Estephan said.

He walked back to the clean room and was met half way by Eirene. She had a bit of a worried look on her face. What little he knew about Hours he had only learned last night. So when she handed him a stack of folded papers he looked at them intently. He stifled a laugh when they turned out to be the delivery menus for the local restaurants.

"What is half of this stuff? Is this really food? What is a Moo Goo Gai Pan? It sounds disgusting." She rattled off before he could keep a straight face. "You make that face? What is so amusing?"

He put his hand up. "All of these menus are food. Calm down no need to panic over lunch. Just find something on this one that sounds good and we will teach you about Chinese food another day."

"Okay. Did you want me ordering for every one?" She asked. 

"Ask them to pick something from the one menu and write it down. Get Lyrusi to help. You'll do fine." He said with a warm smile.

She nodded and smiled back. He stepped into the clean room and locked the door. Nikita was nude and laying on the articulation table. She motioned him over with a finger and naughty smile. He shook his finger at her and pointed at the shower enclosure. She looked and her face broke into a beaming smile. 

"You need it?" He asked.

"I feel out of sync. Before I could feel you more completely." She said.

"You held the others here before. Now they are bound to me not you. Perhaps there was more to you holding them here then you realized. I mean look at Ducici, she is rather wild. When she was bound to you she had been more demure and conservative." Estephan said.

"She is a bit more Lyrusi like. She is a lot less stand-offish when she is with Shesin and Galenee." She admitted.

"Yesterday was say that she was to tempted to wash the floor cause all of the wet pussy she wanted to stick her tongue in. Not something I would think of Ducici saying, Shesin perhaps." He said as he started the water. "I know she changed with the passing time, and that her being called by Shesin tilted her personality a little. She is almost too much to worry about."

"You see it too. You are right. She isn't the cool and collected dryad she was before. Will you talk to her or just send her away?" Nikita asked as she stepped into the water with him.

"I am going to talk to her, why wouldn't I?" He said as her started to lather her up.

She purred and arched her back as his hands slid down the length of her body. She moaned when he stepped closer and brought his hands up the front of her body to fondle her breasts. She was a symphony of pleasured sounds as he washed every part of her. When his fingers slid between her thighs she opened her legs to him. He kneeled down to taste of her sweet labia. She grabbed at the wall trying to keep her balance. His mouth opened her and his tongue delved deeply into her. 

"I hope I haven't come at a come at a bad time." A feminine voice said outside the shower.

"What do you want?" Nikita moaned.

"Sebastian Inkwell? I was told he was in here freshening up. Do I have the wrong room?" She asked.

"You have the right room and it is a bad time. What do you want?" He grumbled as he got to his feet.

"I have a message from Styx. A Gorgon has slipped into the mortal realm." She said.

"Which one?" Nikita asked before he had a chance to tell the woman to fuck off.

"Mesaduce, is this important?" She asked.

Estephan stepped out of the shower to slap this chic. He was extremely pissed at the interruption. When his eyes caught sight of the fairy he stopped cold. She was stunningly beautiful thou only two inches tall. She hovered just below eye level in a mist of sparkles. Her sheer gossamer dress flowed and danced on the light breeze kicked up by her flittering wings. 

"Why is she sending me a warning after the shit she tried to pull?" Estephan asked.

"Restitution." She said.

"Right." He grabbed a towel and began drying.

"Mesaduce slipped into the mortal realm. Do you know where?" Nikita said.

"Area zone one? I think that is Styx said. She wasn't making a lot of sense. Something about Nik Tina being in danger. That her mortal thou well-endowed was missed the tools of a rail man? No she said real man that was it I'm sure." The floating fairy rambled.

"I have to get her." Nikita said calmly. "Thalia can come with me. It shouldn't take long. She wouldn't be that hard to find. 38 foot snake woman can't hide that quickly."

"What do I tell Styx?" the fairy asked.

"Message received." He said, Nikita closing her lips.

"Okay." She replied and vanished in a blink.

"Gorgon, is that like a Medusa?" He asked.

"Medusa and Mesaduce are both Gorgon. Their sisters." Nikita said.

"I don't know if this town can handle a 38 foot snake chic turning my customers into statues." He said.

"And Shesin is fucking men to death by the dozen?" She asked.

"So the legends are a bit off?" He asked.

"Somewhat, Medusa was the worst of them. Mesaduce was a guardian of Akrotiri on the Isle of Thera. She is one of the wisest women I know." She said.

"Like before, I will trust you. You know them better than I do." He said as he started to dress.

"I'm not done with you yet." She said as she slid her hands around to caress his throbbing cock.

"You're not? I am glad to feel that." He said and sighed.

She cuddled into his back, rubbing her cheeks along the muscles of his shoulders, and kissing the back of his neck. Her left hand caressed his abdomen while her right sensually caressed his manhood. She wasn't insistent with her pace just warm, gentle and erotic. The feel of her breasts pushing her hard nipples into his back. It felt really good and his enjoyment seemed to only increase as her thighs started to rub his ass.

"Is this pleasurable Master?" She purred in his ear.

"Yes." He breathed.

She moved around him, her right hand not losing pace. "I don't want you spilling on the floor. That would be such a waste." She said dropping to one knee and taking his throbbing shaft between her lips.

Her lips were fiery pleasure on his cock. Sweet swirls of her tongue over his crown and he came. A slow orgasm pulsed thru his member. She sucked hungrily with each jet of seed. He was getting light headed and his legs were going cold. He hadn't added to his pleasure and could feel she had not done so either. 

She reached under him and caressed his balls and he kept coming. He grabbed the table and braced against the wall to keep himself upright. His legs quacked, still she caressed him. Her seductive mouth drinking down his orgasm. He felt his orgasm start to subside. She reached around and grabbed his bottom forcefully. His cock disappeared between her lips.
