 Just a quick note for the readers

I am not a tattoo artist any more than a Greek Mythologist. This is a work of fiction and any miss steps in the way things really work are because of these facts. None of the people in this piece are real; any reference to the real world is purely coincidental. Enjoy





When the SUV pulled into a parking space in front of the apartment, the women all started getting out. Estephan held the steering wheel. His thoughts no longer with the conversation the girls were having. A tap at his window drew his attention. Shesin stood at the drivers' door. The look in her eyes was not one he knew. She had a thin smile and nothing else.

"He'll meet you inside shortly. I need to thank the Lord for his trust." She said to the others.

He rolled the window down, "My trust? What are you...?" She put her fingers over his lips to stop his from speaking further.

Once the rest had gone inside, Shesin walked around and got in the passenger seat. Her eyes went wide when she saw the brief case. He was not feeling fear or want from her, only concern. This confused him and her lips caressing his neck as she climbed on to him.

"There are Imp markings on Nikita." She whispered in his ear. "I am bound by my species not to harm those of my kind, you are not so hindered. But I will have to teach you more than I have ever known a mortal to be taught."

He grabbed her hair. "Imp markings, why didn't you say something earlier?"

"Angel dust? I was so uncontrollably horny you had to fuck me almost to death. Maybe you could do that again sometime for pleasure?" She said with a moan.

He mind flashed thru the day, Shesin had been avoided by Nikita. After Shesin's return it wasn't even three minutes and he fucked her into unconsciousness. Then the tiff between Mesaduce and Galenee.

"Do sylphs have a natural aversion to imp?" He asked.

"I need you to listen to me," She said and held his face so their eyes would meet. "Will you give me permission to be the center of your world, inside this SUV for the next hour, my Lord Inkwell?"

"You have permission." He answered.

She darted forward and locked her lips to his. The world spun, he felt light headed and his vision started to go dark. Before he knew it he was falling. Shesin wrapped her arms around him and purred in orgasm. She panted in his ear as they landed in a large bowl bed of furs and silks. She backed away from him half hiding in the shadows.

"You are the first person I have ever brought here. Now we only have an hour so let me spell in out for you. You're in my personal domain in the higher realm- darkness. I brought you here to teach you demonic lore. You will need it to free Nikita and Mesaduce from the 'spells' on them. Now I can do this in one of two ways. Fuck the knowledge into you, not the most pleasant or we can agree to exchange lore. Knowledge you hold for knowledge I hold. With all of this, I have never done it before so there are risks to us both." She rattled quickly.

"This is your domain? It suites you, sensual and mysterious bathed in erotic. Why are you hiding in the shadows?" He asked.

"I am in my true form here. I want you to think of me the way I am in the mortal realm. Not the scary bitch I look like here." She said.

"I like the scary bitch you, or have you forgotten I have seen it." He said.

"You saw the mean predator me, not the real me." She said.

"Come out and let me see you, even the predator you was sexy, the real you couldn't be anything but sexy as well." He said. "I will need to see you for this swap thing you talked about to work, right?"

"I... Yes we would have to be in each other's arms and looking in one another's eyes." She admitted.

"You said we only had an hour, so shall we get started?" He asked.

She slunk from the shadows; her wings were much larger and battered. A few holes were visible in the dim light. Her skin was visible green hued with ash gray highlighting. Her eyes were solid black orbs. Her hair looked knotted and dull, nothing like the silky black it looked in the mortal realm. He extended a hand to her and she reached for it with a talon tipped hand.

"So how do we do this?" he asked as he guided her into his arms.

"We look into each other, I will offer you lore and you will do the same. We bath it in energy and send it to the other person. Here in the higher realm it should be that easy. Just be careful about how much energy. I won't be able to return it if you go too far this time. That is what makes this so dangerous, when you receive my energy, it will feel cold perhaps painful. Like uploading ice in your brain. Which is what dark knowledge is, evil-cold. But you are learning it for a good and noble reason, right?" She asked nodded yes slightly.

"I am trading it to you for many noble reasons, yes." He replied.

She melted in his arms, quivering. He held her to him and stroked her hair and caressed the knotted spot between her wings. She purred and cooed. After only a minute she pushed away from him slightly. She gasped and moaned her body going ridged. Her eyes locked on him with a look of surprise as her back arched and she orgasmed. Her features softened and took on a much more sensual appearance. He wings stuttered and the battered look seemed to heal as the holes closed and their color evened over the faded sections.

"I... I... Oh... Estephan what...?" She stuttered as her back arched and she came violently again.

Her tail twitched and she began to sweat. Not sweat, exuded the toxins inherent to her kind. As it rolled from her body, her skin took on a healthy glow, her talons glossed a naughty seductive shade of red, even her hair seemed to silken as it unknotted. She blinked at him, pinkish tears trickling from the corners of her eyes.

"How did you do this? I fell so beautiful and desirable. I... I..." Her eyes rolled back and she squirted in orgasm again. 

He tried to hold her so that she wouldn't trash and hurt herself but was knocked back into the fur lined bed for his effort. Her body rolled and her back arched as another wave of orgasm gripped her flesh. He watched as her legs reshaped themselves. She moaned and howled from the depths of her pleasure. It accrued to him then, he tasted of her energy. It filled him quickly even more than what he had taken from her in the lobby earlier.

She finally settled to the bed in a twitching contented heap. Her eyes glazed as she tried to focus on him. He moved to the side of her. She cooed and adjusted her wings to cuddle herself next to him. 

"I think your outside is more in line with the real you now. You look incredible." He said and kissed her cheek.

"I have to teach you! We don't have much time. The hour is almost spent." She cried.

"We have 36 minutes. Will it take that long?" He asked.

"I don't really know I have never done this before." She said. "Trade with me, gather all you know about tattooing and I will give you all in know of demonology. Wrap the knowledge in energy and send it to me. Let me know when you are ready."

"I am not sure what it is you are asking me to do? Wrap memories in energy. How do I focus on just the ones about tattooing? Human minds are a little unorganized for that." He said. 

"Start by picturing a box or sheet of paper. Place things about tattooing on the list. When you have it done cover in with energy and send it to me like sharing an orgasm. I saw you do it to Thalia. I know you can." Shesin said coyly as she ran a finger over the head of his standing erection.

He tried to do the box thing, it wasn't working. The list in his head was pulling to many distractions as he went memories of dad. He had a thought. He mapped all that he knew about tattooing into a sensual glyph tattoo. He bathed it in energy.

"I'm ready." He said.

She climbed on top of him, straddling him and looking deeply into his eyes. "Share with me."

He sent the wave of energy only to have one roll into its place in waves of icy pleasurable bites. It unfolded in his mind making his ears ring and teeth sing. The pain ebbed leaving a metallic taste in his mouth. The demonological lore found space in his memory. Images and bloodlines, countless facts and dozens of types with their quirks and perversions. He focused on Imps; the knowledge fought him for a few painful seconds. Then it opened to him.

"Estephan!" someone yelled from across an empty void. Shesin?

Pain registered on his upper arms. His eyes opened she was shaking him fear and tears in her eyes. She gasped and kissed him.

"Are you alright?" She breathed.

"Yes. Why did you do that?" He asked.

She wiped a tear from the corner of his eye and showed it to him. It was blood. He sat up only to feel the chamber spin as the blood pounded on the inner surface of his skull. He took a few minutes to look himself over and feel if there was anything else out of ordinary. She did the same only she studied the long sensual markings the wrapped her legs and wrists.

"You look amazing... um did I do that?" He asked and saw some of the decorative tattooing on her wings. Her reached over and touched her wing, it was silky soft.

"Yes you did. And covered me in cum." She said pointing at her crotch smeared with gobs of thick white come. 

"I didn't even feel it." He said.

"O' I'm going to make you feel it. Over and over again." She said lustfully.

She drove on him sucking his cock into her mouth and nursing it like a starving slut. Slurping and tickling him in the most vulgar blow job he ever got. She sucked him off three times without skipping a beat. When he caught his breath he was sitting in the SUV as her head bobbed in his lap. She licked him clean and looked up at him with a wicked smile.

"Whenever you want it, I will give it to you without hesitation." She said and got out of the SUV. 

He stashed his cock back in his pants and looked around to see if any of his neighbors were watching. Why he thought it would matter he didn't know. He got out of the SUV and had to catch himself on the door as his leg gave out from the unwelcome attempt at use after such glorious pleasure. He steadied himself for a minute then went into the apartment briefcase in hand.

"You have to be some kind of demigod to do this to a succubus." Yerni accused.

"You have turned her into a sexubus?" Ducici asked. "I like the detailing." Caressing Shesin's ass.

Shesin was beet red and looked like she was going to pee herself. Nikita stepped to his side and hooked his arm with hers. She walked him over to the couch and sat him down. Yerni swooped over for the briefcase before Nikita could get a hand on it. Joxifa scooted to his other side on the sofa.

"So far we have a bunch of little things planned for your birthday. Is there anything you want us to include? Something special we female types may have over looked?" Nikita asked.

"Hmm. There is a standing no clothing rule in affect for the day?" He asked.

"Sheets for opening the door to get the delivery orders. Other than that clothing is forbidden. That will include guests as they arrive, save one, Ishara. Thou when she is done with her performance that will apply to her as well." Nikita said with a smile and sad eyes.

"Who is on bar duty?" He asked caressing her ass.

"You don't drink. We didn't get any liquor." Thalia said.

"Just because the drinks don't have alcohol, doesn't mean they are going to walk themselves to my hand." 

Galenee and Yerni laughed. Ducici started bouncing with her hand over her head. He laughed and pointed at her commenting she volunteered. Eirene came in to the room with an odd look at Shesin.

"Shesin when did you marry? Was Estephan the groom?" She asked.

"What? I didn't... We didn't... Is that what happened to me?" Shesin stuttered.

"Kidding. But he must have really done a number on you today. He has cleansed you. And decorated." Eirene said with a giggle.

Joxifa giggled but Nikita went ridged. "So Lyrusi is going to give me a nice bathing, Ducici is going to make sure I have drinks, and Ishara is going to give as a show. What else is there for me to ask for?" He asked. "All of you running around naked with me all day is more of a birthday fantasy come true then I could have dreamed for. So anything else you lovely creatures have divined for me is going to be fabulous."

"So what about the other stuff?" Joxifa asked.

"It's Friday night on my birthday weekend. They have been missing for a hundred years, I think another weekend isn't going to put us any further behind then we already are. So I decree that any and all work related stuff is on hold till Monday. Does anyone here have a reason this should be rethought?" 

The women all looked at each other. "Only one Lord." Galenee said gesturing to Mesaduce in the corner.

"Right, we have an out of town guest. Hmm. Mesaduce you have any erotic stories you can tell us? You know like how Zeus seduced Leto or what Aphrodite did to entertain her countless suitors. Surely you have explicit tales of sex and conquest." He said.

"I may have some, sexy and erotic you asking?" Mesaduce asked. Nikita nodded to her.

"Yeah, and feel free to go into great detail for the sex parts." He said. "On second thought, Skip the Zeus stuff and get to the sex that doesn't involve some incestuous freak."

Most of the women started laughing. "I don't think incest was part of it?" Mesaduce said.

"Really, from what I know Zeus was doing his own granddaughters left and right." He said.

"And who wrote those stories down?" Nikita asked. "Remember what Grainger told Ishara?"

"What did he say?" Lyrusi asked.

"Lucifer was a slut that fucked himself famous with scribes translating the Bible." He said deadpan.

Mesaduce started laughing as did the others, it was the opening he needed. The energy in the room flowed in his direction and made the imp marks visible to those looking. Like he had with Shesin, he gathered knowledge and sculpted it into a tattoo. He pulled Nikita over his legs like he was going to spank her, pushing her face into the lap of Joxifa. He nodded at Shesin.

He put his hand over the imp mark and burned it away with a mark of his own. Nikita cried out in pain, which brought silence to the rest of the room. She rolled off of his lap and seemed to seizure on the floor. Joxifa jumped backward thus falling off the back of the couch. He let her go. His search from the marks showed she was unmarked. He stepped over Nikita towards Mesaduce, Shesin moved in on her as well. Mesaduce sat stone still, fear on her face but a glimmer of hope dancing in her eyes.

Shesin hooked Ducici's arm and grabbing Yerni by a horn on her way across the room. Estephan shed clothing with each step. Thalia and Eirene moved to Nikita hissing at Estephan's harshness towards there friend. Lyrusi was barely holding her laughter a bay as she assisted Joxifa from the floor.

"We are going to need a little lip service from the two of you. I will make sure both of you get some real good thank you loving later." Shesin said to the both of women she dragged across the room.

Estephan vaguely heard her, his eyes scrutinized the length of Mesaduce. She had four binding marks. One where her scales meet her hips centered on her lower back, a matching set over her breasts and lastly one over her mouth. The Gorgon was a trap. Styx was getting clever. Gathering energy he felt his own jump greatly as the hot mouth of Yerni engulfed his cock. A second jump washed over him as Shesin's hands wrapped around him from behind. She purred and moaned as her nipples pressed to his back.

An evil smile crossed his face and Mesaduce tried to slink away but he was already on top of her. Grabbing her hair, he ran his hand down one side of her face in a washing motion then the other. She simpered in pain. Once the Imp mark was gone he soothed her skin with sensual pleasure. Her hair was not so kind, biting his hand. He healed the bites as quickly as they were made.

Pushing her up the wall slightly he latched his hands over her breasts, Yerni grunted in protest. He held the Gorgons gaze, her nipples stiffened under his palms in response. Shesin reached down his body and held his cock in position for Yerni to pleasure his cock more comfortably. He sighed and squeezed Mesaduce breasts until the Gorgon started wince. He poured energy over them and painfully pulled at her breasts.

The imp marks came away in his hands, leaving her breast free of the imprisonment. They swelled two sizes right before his eyes. He slapped the imp marks to the wall for the time being. Turning Mesaduce to face the wall, he pushed Yerni gently away. She moaned in protest but moved out of the way. Shesin started stroking his cock insistently. He grabbed the Gorgons hips and started tearing the imp mark from her back. She cried out, tears poured from her eyes, and her tail thrashed instinctively. Joxifa saw it coming and caught most of it, thou she was bodily bounced off of his shoulder. Shesin lost her rhythm. He was mostly finished anyway. 

It came up with an audible agony. Like slowly pulling duct-tape from its roll. Mesaduce screamed ear piercingly loud. It came loose and twisted in his hands. Mesaduce slide to a whimpering heap on the floor at his feet. This was no mark, it was the imp. As it twisted and morphed into its true form, he needed something to bind into. He smirked and slammed it to the wall between the marks he took off her breasts. 

Shesin gripped him roughly and ran her nails over his chest. He looked over his shoulder and pointed for Eirene to duck. He pulled a glass bottle of vinegar from the counter next to the stove with his thoughts. It flew thru the air into his grasp. Pulling the top off he grabbed the imp and shoved it in as well as the other marks from the wall in the process.

"Mesaduce what do you offer as tithe to stay in the mortal realm?" He asked.

"Glamour." She said between sniffles.

"The ability to make yourself look like someone else." Shesin purred as she panted in his ear.

"I accept this tithe, receive your sacrament." He said as her guided her to his throbbing penis.

Her lips quivered as they touched him. He grabbed the back of her head and pushed three inches of cock into her mouth. She sucked in surprise and got a mouth full of cum. He shook in orgasmic release. Her eyes glazed and she gulped down every drop. Her forked tongue licking erotically along its underside.

"I want some too." Yerni pouted.

"You will. Just wait your turn. Right, M'Lord?" Shesin cooed for everyone to hear.

"Everyone will get some." He said huskily looking down at Yerni hungrily.

Knock knock knock knock knock 

"Estephan are you alright!" Someone yelled at the door.

He looked at the wall and winced. Shesin released her hold on him and Thalia tossed him a robe. The women grabbed Mesaduce and Nikita carrying them into the bed room. Shesin hustled the rest to follow. When he opened the door Shesin was the only one in the room completely naked.

"Kevin... I'm sorry man." Estephan said. "We got a little rowdy and knocked the chair into your wall. We'll move it to the bedroom. I didn't wake you did I?"

"I heard a scream in pain?" Kevin asked.

"That was me." Shesin said. "I was tied to the chair. He got me so... I sorta jumped and pinned myself to the wall, under the chair. I didn't mean to scream but it scared me. Blindfold you understand?" 

"I ..." Kevin stared at her bare breasts. "You two..." He said.

"He's kinda cute, Steve. I will let you have my ass if I get to ride him at the same time." She said coyly.

"You two have a nice time, try not to wake anyone else, Ok?" Kevin said in a panic and ran from the door.

"How did you know he wouldn't go for it?" He asked Shesin as he closed the door.

"He's a nice guy. He would have probably been afraid of two women at the same time much less sharing a woman with another man. For all your bravado, most guys are more old fashion than women. Even when faced with a fantasy come true, guys will be more likely to decline." She said.
