 Just a quick note for the readers

I am not a tattoo artist any more than a Greek Mythologist. This is a work of fiction and any miss steps in the way things really work are because of these facts. None of the people in this piece are real; any reference to the real world is purely coincidental. Enjoy

Styx walked along the rivers surface. Her thoughts a raging sea compared to the glass sheet of water on which she walked. She had asked. After a millennium, her daughter had asked. She had faced this Guardian as a mortal and stood toe to toe with him as a titan. He had spoken with respect even after her transgressions. Nike had asked.

Her heart wanted to believe yet her mind sought only rebellion. She flared her wings high seeking wisdom in the reflection of the still waters. The waters however were not so still or granting in any wisdom. Something beyond her thoughts clouded the waters beneath her feet. A ripple raced the surface of the water. Her eyes turned to the figure at the water's edge.

"I have something for you ancient." It said.

"Who are you?" She demanded. "How do you come to be here?"

"All in time, for now here is your gift." He said cynically as he threw a drawl sting bag to her.

She stepped quickly to catch it lest it hit the waters and scatter her. Bag in hand she turned to confront the being that had thrown it only to find and empty shoreline. Her heart skipped a beat. Her daughters scent permeated the bag. She opened the bag with shaking hands. Her eyes welled with tears as they gazed into the bag of bloody feathers.

Her scream cut the still like an explosion. Geysers of water shot out of the still depths shattering the still and rendering Styx to a fluidic state. She melted into the river and was gone. The bag floating released its contents over the water's surface. A pair of dark eyes closed in the shadows of the Cypress knees just beyond the waters touch. They left one diamond tear behind glittering on the sandy shoreline.

Joxifa came up off the floor in with a scream of pain. The windows of the apartment were obliterated into shards of powder white sand. Profene and Crossin went ridged than dropped to the floor like puppets that had their strings cut. Ducici cringed and started to panic as blood trickled for Anthony's ears and nose.

"Ducici get help." Lyrusi choked before collapsing on the floor just inside the back door.

She didn't know what to do. Splashing foot falls approached the front of the apartment. Cindy looked thru the hole of an open window.

"What happened?" She cried as she tried to open the door.

"I don't know." Ducici cried. "Don't die." She whispered caressing Anthony's cheek before racing to the door to let Cindy in.

"What happened?" Cindy said dropping folders of papers onto the floor looking out the gaping windows as the rain blew in.

"Joxifa screamed." Ducici said. "It may have killed Tony?"

"Where is everybody else?" She asked looking around the room.

"Not here. Most went searching for Shesin's sisters. Estephan is with Nikita somewhere. They faded to the higher realm an hour ago." Ducici said.

"Oh jeeze their bleeding from their ears." Cindy said looking from Tony to Mrs. Prizton.

Ducici scooted to the kitchen. Lyrusi was an ugly shade of greenish brown. Not healthy at all. She looked out the back to see both of the Cyclopses curled in a fetal position. They were scaled is gray and looked like a set of boulders laying in the shade of her tree. She used her powers to mask them a little more. Then darted back inside.

"Cindy, Lyrusi told me to get help. I don't know where to get help from. I can't go to the higher realm. It would kill me." She said as panic started to rise in her again.

"Who else is still in the mortal realm? Are any of the others?" Cindy asked.

"I don't know. But... Crystalia! He would be able to help." Ducici said.

"We can't bring him here, and I don't think moving them is a good idea."

"We need someone else. Someone to watch them while we go see Crystalia." Cindy said.

"Is everyone alright in there?" Kevin called from outside the window.

"Get him." Ducici said.

Cindy nodded in agreement and bolted for the door. She opened it and grabbed his arm.

"What... the... Hey... "He stuttered as she dragged him into the apartment.

"No everyone isn't ok. No shut up and listen. We are going to get help. Don't call 911 or anyone else like that. Just make sure they stay safe." Cindy said pointing around the room.

"We will tell you the truth about it all. But we don't have time. Those two could be dying, and those two could be dead forever if we don't do right now. Kevin please you are a good person. Please trust us and watch over everyone." Ducici pleaded.

"Alright go get this help. I'll see about covering the hole in the front." He said.

"Don't move anyone if you don't really have to. We'll be back shortly." Cindy said as she followed Ducici out into the rain to her car.

----===========+++++++++=========------------

Estephan had searched the ledge at least a dozen times. He couldn't see a way down or up. He had called for the Fates and gotten no reply. Even his attempt to call Shesin or any of the others went unanswered. Looking out over the countryside laid out before him, he felt helpless. He watched the clouds closely hoping she had gotten free of the thing that had grabbed her. But he saw nothing.

Moment out of the corner of his eye drew his attention. A falcon. It fought the wind to stay in the air. It had something in its talons. It banked almost drooping it but kept its grip and fought on. It was flying to him. He wills the noble bird his strength he hoped. The falcon made it to the ledge he raced to it. The poor thing had ice on its wings. He pulled his shirt back off and wrapped the bird in it. Carrying the poor creature to Nikita's nest he put it down in a soft place where the sunlight would hopefully warm it.

Once done he retrieved the bag that the falcon had almost died trying to bring him. He opened in to find some fruit and a wineskin. A scroll of paper was tied to the inside of the bag. He pulled it out and undid the binding. It read... 'We have heard you but can do nothing to get you. Call the one that is still in the mortal realm. He will know a way.'

"At least they got food to you. More than I thought them capable of. I will have to keep that in mind." A male voice said from over his shoulder.

"Who are you?" He asked as he spun to face the speaker.

"Depends on who you ask. I don't really have a name otherwise. Pity Charlie didn't think to ask." The male said from a dark cloak draped form.

"How did you get here?" He asked.

"You called me. Thou I don't have much to say to you yet." He sneered.

"Why did you answer the call then?" He jabbed back.

"Guardians are worth tormenting. From the smell of you I might have my work cut out for me. Unlike the last few, you might pose a challenge. Fragile little humans." He said and stepped out into thin air.

"What about the other Guardians?" he asked.

"Easy enough to twist to my bidding. Continue to leave the Fates to grope blindly."

"You cut the passageway for the Muses to return?"

"You're getting ahead of things. I don't much care for that. Perhaps something else to think about instead of me." He said and reached across the expanse of sky.

"What are you talking about?" He asked as something came hurtling at him.

His eyes started to make out a figure tumbling through the air. As it got close his heart cried out in pain. The figure was Nikita, battered and blooded, stripped bare of all her feathers. He turned to cuss this vile man only to see open empty sky. Her arch was starting to fall. She may not make it to the ledge if she dropped any further.

"NIKITA!" He screamed.

Her body twisted and flattened. She gained area and stayed high in her arc. He stepped close to the edge and braced to catch her. She impacted him hard knocking him from his feet. He held her from the ground as rocks and stones dug into his back. She looked into his eyes only for a moment before her head fell to the side in unconsciousness.

He lifted her and carried her into the nest. Blood still seeped from the bared skin of her wings. He pulled some of the silks from the bed to dress them. He pulled the stopper on the skin and smelled it. Putting it to his lips he tasted it. Wine. He spit it to the ground. It was white. Splashing some over a folded pile of silk he cleaned her as best he could. She never stirred.

"You are alive and with me. We'll find a way lovely messenger." He said to her then leaned forward and kissed her cheek.

--------------=============+++++++++=======-----------

Cindy slid the car around the last corner and hopped the curb into the strip mall parking lot. She turned the car right and then yanked it to the left to spin the car around. The car came to a stop ass into the parking space at the front door of the florist shop. Both of them bolted from the car like it was on fire. Ducici knocked frantically at the door as Cindy pounded away at the buzzer like a video game controller.

"What!!" Janet yelled from inside.

"Open the door we need help. It's Ducici and Cindy!!" Ducici yelled.

"What kinda help?" Janet called.

"Open the door! The bad kind!" Ducici yelled wanting to punch the glass in.

Janet scooted to the door completely nude. She unlocked it and waved them in. "Lock it and come to the back." She said darting into the stockroom.

Ducici followed after her and Cindy locked the door and then went as well. When she got to the back she froze. Most of Crystalia's blooms had wilted. His lush green foliage has a yellowing tint to it. Janet looked ragged. She had empty water bottles all over the floor and it was clear she had been crying.

"He's thirty and I had nothing that will help." Janet said.

"So it's wasn't just us." Ducici said looking at Cindy.

"What happened?" Janet asked.

"We don't know but it made Joxifa scream in pain and Lyrusi wilt like his blossoms. Joxifa's scream hurt Tony and Mrs. Prizton. They're both bleeding from the ears and noses. A couple of Cyclops are turning to stone in the back yard as well." Ducici said.

"Cyclops? Know anything about Hobbs?" Janet asked.

"One was following the Cyclops for whatever reason then ran off, why?" Ducici asked

"Cyl-who? Hob?" Cindy asked. "We have other problems."

'Wait... Ducici pee on him." Janet said.

"What?" Ducici asked.

"Here drink the water. Add some of your nutrients to it and pee of Crystalia. Share the good plant stuff with him." Janet said reaching for bottled water on the counter next to her.

"How is that going to help him?" Cindy asked losing her place in what was being said.

"I don't know if I know how." Ducici said.

"Pretend the water you're drinking is going to be a big healthy acorn. It will need lots of love and nourishment to be a healthy tree one day." Janet said. "You do this it will heal him, he can then grow things to help the others."

"I'll try." Ducici said and up ended one of the water bottles.

"Why are you naked?" Cindy asked.

"A Hobb burned my clothes when I got shrunk." Janet said nodding. "You wouldn't happen to have any extra's in your car would you?"

"I might have a jump suit... Hobb?" She asked.

"Get me the clothes and we'll talk about it while he is getting better." She said handing Ducici a second bottle of water to drink.

Janet walked to the door and let her out. Cindy popped her trunk and luckily her gym bag was right on top. She grabbed it and darted back inside. She handed it to Janet and locked the door for the florist who ran to the bathroom to put the clothes on. She walked to the back to find Ducici wiggling her bottom into Crystalia's foliage.

"You are really going to pee on him?" Cindy asked.

"I'm a plant; he's a plant, what's the problem?" Ducici asked. "Not sure how to do this thou. How do you pee?"

"I don't know I just do. My insides squeeze and the pee comes out." Cindy said.

"Is it like orgasming?" Ducici asked.

"If that's what it takes to water him... go for it. We're all girls here... mostly." Janet said handing Cindy her bag back.

"You want her to..." Was all Cindy got out before Ducici gushed three times into Crystalia's pot.

"How long do you think it's going to take to work?" Cindy asked.

"Not long I think." Janet said stepping closer to see his blooms unwitting.

"Oh thank you Ducici. That was very wonderful of you to do that." He said.

"I have a couple more if you want." Ducici said wiggling her tushy over his leaves.

"I would be most grateful." He said.

She gushed three more times with a half grin on her face. Cindy danced from foot to foot. Ducici stepped away from the bush and pulled her pants up. His foliage darkened and took on a healthy sheen. Janet visibly relaxed. Cindy hadn't realized how wired Janet had been.

"So there are people injured by a Banshee wail. They're breathing still?" He asked.

"Yes as of twelve minutes ago." Cindy said.

"Yes Lyrusi seems to be suffering as you were. Wilted somehow. Joxifa screamed in pain coming two feet off the floor before falling unmoving to the ground, she wasn't breathing. Do you know what happened?" Ducici asked.

"Someone has wounded Styx. Her scream was shared by all banshee. The door to the higher realm has closed forcible. How is Estephan? He would have felt it."

"He isn't here. Nikita wrapped her wings around him and took him into the higher realm. You don't think he would have...?" Ducici didn't dare finish the question.

"He is over there?" He asked, unconcerned by Ducici's fears.

"He went there?" Cindy asked.

"Nikita took him; it was an hour before Joxifa screamed." Ducici said.

"Give one of these to each of the mortals. I can do little for the others with the pathways to the higher realm sealed from the other side. Without a Guardian we are on our own."

"What about Cyclops?" Ducici asked. "They are turning to stone, and kin of Lyrusi."

"I will grow them something but I have no way of knowing if it will work. You two go back with those and I will send Janet with the others when they are done growing." He said.

"Thank you Crystalia." Cindy said.

"We will all need luck and hope. Be careful. If it is strong enough to wound Styx it may have the power to cross the realms at will." He said.

"It'd have to catch us first. Let's go." Cindy said.

The two of them jumped back in the car. Cindy fired the engine and stumped the gas. She drove like a demon back to the apartment. She didn't even notice the car she passed pull a 180 and start chasing her. She pulled the wheel and slid into the apartment drive lane. Two more quick turns and she was half in the grass in front of the place. They jumped out of the car and ran inside.

Cindy took one and ran to Mrs. Prizton, Ducici rushed to Anthony. Each placed the berry into their mouth. It took a minute but each gasped and put their hands to their ears. Ducici hugged him to her as tears started to roll down her cheeks. Cindy sighed when Mrs. Prizton started asking a bazillion questions.

"So what is going on?" Ishara asked walking thru the open door. "Where is Estephan?"

"Grainger?" Ducici asked frightened.

"He ...wait..." She started to say then grabbed her phone and hit send on her speed dial.

All watched her as she shifted from foot to foot. Three rings then four, her eyes played out over Lyrusi and Joxifa. She had no illusion something similar could have happened to Grainger. She slapped the phone shut.

"He's not answering. What is going on?" She asked more harshly this time.

"Crystalia thinks someone has wounded Styx. Her scream was shared by all banshee. Which did most of this." Ducici said gesturing around the room.

"Who? A whatshee?" Kevin asked as he stepped back into the room.

"Where were you?" Cindy asked.

"Helping the two in from out back." Kevin said pointing over his shoulder with his thumb.

Ducici kissed Tony and then darted for the kitchen. Lodrin and Jotlaf sat on the floor shivering. To her surprise they were also mortal sized. She leaned down and checked them over Cindy and Ishara followed her in. They were both a little unnerved by the singular eye that blinked back at them both.

Kevin didn't seem to notice a thing or just didn't give a crap. Cindy pulled the closet in the hall open and started handing over towels and blankets. Ishara opened the frig and gathered snacks cause this story was likely to take more than a minute. They all gather in the living room to hash out the truth.

----------------===================++++++++++++++++++===============------------

Estephan sat watching over her, and the falcon. He kept watchful eye over the horizon for any sign of the bastards return. She moaned as she shifted. He crossed to her side taking her hand in his. She squeezed it gently then hard as she winced. He offered her some of the fruit her falcon friend had brought. She shook her head.

"You are going to have to eat." He said.

"I need less then you. I can go weeks between meals." She said.

"Even when you are injured this badly?" He asked.

"I don't want you to see me like this." She sobbed.

"I caught you as you fell. Seeing you even like this is more then I hoped when that thing grabbed you out of the sky." He said giving her a kiss on the cheek. "You are still a beautiful messenger to me."

Her tears ran freely then, from pain and emotion. He held her but stayed ever watchful. The falcon raised its head. He tried to see what it was looking at. It warbled and chirped. He could see nothing. He looked at the bird warily then she heard it. Someone called his name. He moves to the other side of the nest. He heard it again. Faint on the wind but someone called for him.

He hopped from the nest and moved to the edge of the ledge. He took a deep breath and roared as loud as he could. Then waited. A minute later. He heard his name called again clearer and closer.

"We're here." He yelled.

"Estephan." Shesin called.

"We are up here." He yelled.

Then he saw her. She flew strait up, flapping her wings, fighting for every foot of altitude. She was a hundred yards to the right of the ledge. She looked pale and he looked back at the falcon. She was freezing. He called to her, she heard him and grabbed on to the wall, sinking her claws into the rock face. He could see tears frozen at the edges of her eyes. They were clouded as she got closer he knew she was blind and had been following her ears. He pulled her over to the ledges surface. She looked kinda at him.

"Sorry I took so long. Weather was a bitch." She said then lost consciousness.

He carried her into the nest. Nikita saw the succubus and started to cry again in earnest. She tried to crawl towards him as he stepped in to the nest. He laid Shesin down and the both of them huddle to her sides to warm her.

"How cold can she get before ...?" He asked not daring to finish his question.

"I don't know how she survived to get here at all." Nikita said. "My nest is on the edge of winter at the heights of valor. Only the falcons have ever made it here before. That was with my help."

"She is blind." He said.

"How did she get here if she couldn't see?" She asked.

"She followed my voice. I called for her when you were taken. I have done this." He said.

"Don't blame yourself. She would have followed you anywhere. She loves you, just like I do." Nikita said.

"Is it wrong for me to love you both in return?" he asked.

"You love her? And me?" She asked.

"Yes. It took seeing you taken to shake the truth from me but yes. I love you and her. You two are the higher realm to me. The same." He said.

"But we couldn't be more different." Shesin hissed.

"You are going to be alright. Be still and lets us warm you." He said.
