 Now I know what your thinking. What is the point I am trying to make by telling you this story. Well in truth it is all about me, soon to be turning fifty and all these things to brag about. Just one hitch to this, no one to brag to, so you get to hear the whole sorted tail first hand. Just keep reading, the answers will come to you eventually.

So there I was, sitting in the wagon of some Elven school teacher's wagon, naked as the day I was born. Her name is Valkyrie and she has connections with mer folk apparently. Having slept for four days maybe more, my usual quick thinking was stunted. Trying to put the pieces in some semblance of order wasn't working.

"What are these skills you spoke about Val?"

"Thievery and it's Valkyrie, only close friends get to call me Val, got it." she said in a tone that made ignoring her disdain impossible. "This is the end of the line Riktys, I'd make finding cloths your first order of business. By the way that bag of sticks is a gift to you from your fishy friends. Good Luck."

She jumped down and started walking for what looked a city street in the middle of the woods. I rifled through that back of the wagon and found the 'bag of sticks' she spoke of. Sticks more like a bundle of wands, most useful and the greater portion of them carry a full charge. Three of them were magic missile so perhaps selling one wouldn't be much of a loss. 

"Hey nud-bee you gonna get out that wagon anytime soon. I gotta put it in the barn and get deem horses fed or I don't get no dinner myself." said a voice from over the side of the wagon.

"I'll help you put the wagon away and buy you dinner if you help me find some cloths."

"Anything I want?" he questioned.

"Yeah, I'll pay for dinner?" 

The wagon started moving again reveling a more of my surroundings. The Oaks where uncommonly large for having grown in this wide canyon, the walls of which were at four stories tall. My would be helper was a Halfling, standing just over a yard tall. As we neared the barn, 12 poles driven into the ground with a roof on top, he steps seemed to become softer.

"You see that pile in those fences over there?" the Halfling asked. "Rifle through those and you'll find cloths. Be quick about it cause if you take too long Dooly with give you a whomping."

Aching a quick look around I hop down out of the wagon. A loud gasp escapes my little friend, who's hands quickly cover his mouth, My eyes dart about to track what every it was that brought this on. He was staring at me, well my package to be honest about it. He turned away as his pale color turned to a bright red. looking down at myself nothing seemed amiss short the lack of clothing.

"You'd better get that thing hidden or the rest of the womenfolk round here will never let you wear clothing again." he said?

"Your a girl?" I asked timidly feeling my face start to blush.

"Yes, now get over there and get that glory stick covered... and your still buying me dinner... and putting away this wagon and horses." she growled cutely before stalking off under the pole barn roof.

I sprinted over to the fenced area and began looking. It wasn't hard to find clothing, the pile was entirely made of cloths. It smelled of mildew and wet animal but finding items of reasonable quality in my size took little effort. I grabbed two pairs of pants and a number of shirts a dusty heavy leather vest and the larger pieces of what may have been a long cloak. I dashed into a stand of trees to get dressed. I did however use magic to clean them before putting any of this stuff on. 

Stepping out I was at least clothed, bare foot as of yet but clothed. I turned my attention to the Halfling girl trying diligently to unharness the horses with little success. I call up 3 aerial servants to handle the chore of seeing to the horses and stowing the wagon. 

"Whoa whoa, Did you do that mister?" she asks me startled.

"Yes. Why is magic taboo in this part of the world?"

"No just not all that common. So you has magic, kinda cute, and a nice thick um thing. If you were just a little shorter I'd fuck your brains out." she blurted. "Course if you talk to me nice I might just sneak under the table and have you for desert."

"I said I'd buy you dinner not..."

"Yes anything I want so if those wind things are done let's get a move on before all the good stuffs gone." she said and started off toward that city block in the woods looking place.

Tucking the extra clothing under my arm I grabbed up my bag of wands and started after her. The soles of my feet were itchy and made it difficult to keep up. As I rounded the corner I was bowled over having run right into the halfling girl who had come to a dead stop. The extra clothing and bundle of wands went flying about as I hit the ground hard enough to knock the wind out of me. 

Gasping for air I roll to the side. I spy a large lizard man clutching a twig of a young man in the middle of the street. Out of instinct I called up my power and hurled a magic missile into the unsuspecting Lizard. It staggered back dropping the youth then fell to the ground. Mists of gray and stars dance in my vision and then darkness takes me.

"Why did you let him do that?" hissed Valkyrie.

"Let him??? He ran me over and blasted Larry before I knew I was on the ground. You make it sound like I told him to shoot him." retorted the halfling.

"What were you two even doing there? It should have taken you an hour to get the wagon stowed."

"He magiced it up and I was really hungry. He promised to buy me food if I helped him find cloths... which I did." 

I wanted to add to this banter but was still unable to speak. 

"I still don't see why your all uppity with me when you didn't even know he was a wielder in the first place. You can be such a bitch Val. You can figure this out yourself but he still owes me dinner and desert."

"Lis... don't you walk out on me."

"Fuck off Val, I'm goin home."

Valkyrie walks into view and sees my eyes open. With a way of her hand I can move and speak again. I sit up and give her that universal 'WTF' look.

"Well where to start with you.." Valkyrie breathed. "First off I'm sorry, I wasn't the most informative person when you got here. Second Larry will live, you didn't kill him, thank the Gods. Don't need a war with his clan raining down on us."

"So Larry is the Lizard man?"

"Yes and an instructor in this school, as well as Healer and Adviser to the Chieftain of the Ruby Scales Tribe."

"Guess he is some kinda Prince too?"

"Shaman, kind of a tribal cleric."

"I know what a Shaman is. So do I need to make some formal apology or something?"

"I have no idea, the tribe hasn't said anything to us. I don't know if they see this attack as the misunderstanding that it really was or not. I think they will since you are a foreign mage."

"Lis seemed unnerved by my level of magic. Is it really so rare here that it's use is bordering on taboo?"

"Rare not so much as controlled by the schools of magic. Do you hold any rings?"

"On or off the books?"

"That seems cryptic. You you some kinda hedge magic wielder?"

I grin, "No and yes. I hold three rings on the books but, I can command all five elements. I also write my own magic, that would be this lands hedge magic type of thing. It also gives you the why I was tossed into the sea to be saved and fluffered by that Mer girl."

"You are targeted by the Hermetic Council!?!?"

"I won't oil it up and let them bitch me like a little sex pet. But if that ship made it to port, they have been told I am dealt with. Which means if I keep to the rural areas and don't drawl any unwanted attention..." letting my words trail off.

"The Council wouldn't be hunting for you."

"Right. So am I guest or prisoner?"

"Person of Interest in protective custody. I'll have food brought in so stay in this room and don't do anything stupid." Valkyrie said as she stepped out of the room. 

Shortly a basket of chicken and biscuits was brought in, along with a bottle of passable wine. I ate hungrily and thought over my situation. I was presumed dead so I was safe for now. I have no money but, a large number of wands, not sure what to do with them. It would seem I was going to have lots of time for contemplation.

I laid back onto the bed and began staring at the ceiling. As the sun set the sound of music wondered into the room though the door. Voices and hollering began to drowned out the music in short order. A glance at the door revealed the shadows of a few lingering outside. I stalked over to the door and pulled it open. Two women were rather intent on removing each others clothing.

"Way I offer the two of you the privacy accorded by a locked door." I asked.

Both of them froze, eyes wide in terror at being caught in such a compromising state. "Who are you?" The taller of the two asked.

"Someone with a room and no reason to tell anyone about what the two of you wish to share with each other." 

"He's that mage, the foreigner the headmistress brought back with her." said the shorter one.

"We accept your invitation." the taller of the two hisses as she pulls the other past me into the room. "Close the door and lock it mage."

"I'll do even better." I reply as I close and lock the door adding a ward of privacy on top of it.

"What was that?" the shorter one asks timidly.

"Just a ward to keep your voices from being over heard by anyone passing outside."

"Where did you learn that?" Asked the taller of the two. 

"I used to sneak maids into my room in collage. Some things happen regardless of where in the world you are right?" I ask with a wink.

"I guess so." The shorter one says loudly pulling her blouse off.

"You going to just stand there and watch?" the taller asked.

"I'll just sit over here out of the way."

"If we're naked then you need to be naked." the shorter stated flatly.

"You can't be serious." taller one says flatly.

Instead of answering I just pulled my shirt off as I scooted the chair into a better vantage point to watch the girls on the bed. As I undid my belt both of them watched me jaw dropped with an expression of wonderment on the faces. After removing my trousers I sat down in the chair. Both were still staring at me mesmerized.

"Are you two not needing the privacy anymore? Your watching me and not really caring about what the other is doing. Was I wrong in assuming the two of you had more than a passing of lustful urges for each other?" I asked mirthfully.

"Your not erect?" asked the taller.

"Is there a need for me to be? You have each other. I don't feel the need for self gratification."

"You think you could watch us going at it and not touch yourself?" the shorter inquired sarcastically.

"Not only can I watch you little girls play with each other. I could instruct the two of you how to make each other have explosive gushing orgasms, without touching either of you or myself."

"I don't think he's lying." the shorter one whispered visibly quivering.

"I bet he can't, even elven men turn into ogres when they smell pussy. They can't stop themselves from jamming a hard cock in to sate their own lustful urges." the taller one jeered.

"A bet then?" I asked with a rye smirk.

"How much?" the shorter asked.

"500 hundred gold coins." the taller added quickly.

"I don't have any money for that bet, the two of you don't seem to have it either." I state. "So the bet is a year."

"What?" they ask in unison.

"Yes a year. If I loose I will be your servant for one year, but if I win the two of you will be my servants for six months each, equaling a year. If we have a deal you can start with telling me your names."

Hearing the seriousness in my voice sent the girls into a whispered conversation between themselves. I sat back in the chair shaking my head. Even in mage school these kinds of bets happened regularly. And these youthful maidens had already lost wanting the reward and loosing focus on the how to obtain it. Never mind these little women didn't seem all that skilled carnally.

"We'll take your bet. I am Gilda," said the taller one,"This is Anyta."

"Pleasure to put names to these lovely bodies and beautiful faces, I'm Riktys."

"After being our servant you'll never want to go anywhere else." Gilda says smugly as she pulls Anyta down into the bed with her.

They really tried putting on a show for me but the amateurish groping they imparted to one another held about as much sexual interest for a spectator as watching a pair of halflings making out. Not that their eyes on me didn't really do it for them. Anyta would look from my eyes down my body to the half erection throbbing between my legs. Her eyes would glaze then roll back as a cascade of little orgasms played through her nubile body.

"Please tell me the two of you do more then this petting thing. When are you two going to get serious about making each other cum?"

"So does this mean your going to start telling us what to do?" Gilda asked breathlessly.

"Gilda grab the head board. If you let go Anyta will stop and you'll have to take her place." 

Anyta knew what I was about to have her do and glanced over at me with a thin smile. Gilda was apparently thinking she was the dominant between the two of them but that smile was all the proof I needed to know otherwise. Anyta licked her lips looking almost drooling at the mound of coarse hair framing the puffy labia of Gilda's glistening pussy.

"Get her Anyta, this is what you have been wait for?" 

Gilda's scowl at me melted into a awed visage of pleasure. Anyta locked her lips over Gilda clit and nuzzled it like a starving kitten. Gilda body trembled as beads of sweet began to form over her entire frame. Her muscles tensed.

"Shove two fingers in that clenching pussy Anyta, do it now!" I commanded.

"Mm-hmm" Anyta hummed into Gilda's pussy as she shifted herself and did as I had instructed. Gilda went ridged at first then started howling and bucking wildly. Anyta kept thrusting her fingers in and out but lost the lip-lock over her lovers clit. I throbbed into almost a full erection myself. Anyta has definitely been in the pleasure of Nymphs.

"Is it my turn now?" Anyta asked impishly.

"Give her a chance to catch her breath before you try to smother her with your pussy." I jibed.

Gilda looked at Anyta with a playful gaze of 'Your so gonna get it now.'

Anyta beamed and squirmed as she caressed Gilda's legs. Her glances at my now much more present throbbing cock seemed to only add to the dreamy look in her sparkling eyes.

"You're an evil bastard Riktys. You lay down and let me at your pussy now." Gilda said grabbing Anyta's arm and pushing her down playfully.

Soon as Anyta got comfortable Gilda went to work licking and fingering her pussy like a crazy woman. Anyta cooed and sighed but wasn't any closer to a massive orgasm. 

"Gilda slow down... slide in wiggle your fingers.. slide out.. slide in wiggle.. out. Now with your other hand pinch her clit between your thumb and middle finger. Yeah like that. Now each time you push your fingers all the way in and wiggle them, tap her clit two times with you pointer finger."

By the time I had finished explaining Gilda had Anyta's rhythm. And now that she had it Anyta quaked and writhed. Her back arched as her pussy exploded in a shower of orgasmic fluid. Gilda froze momentarily then lurched forward to lock her lips over Anyta's clit. Anyta convulsed in orgasmic bliss. Her body stopped quivering and went completely limp as fell into the little death.

"Nice Gilda, you truly fucked her brains out."

"Is she alright?" Gilda asked in a pensive tone.

"Oh yeah she is fine, you made her cum so hard she passed out from the pleasure."

"You aren't fully erect any more?"

"It isn't anything against the two of you. The last woman I had sex with was a Mermaid and well.. I don't know if it's going to work right anymore." I said gesturing at my throbbing but still half flaccid cock.

"We nesh tubby hiss servings for six monst Gildis, soes I git your luvs ever nite." Anyta mumbled like a slobbering drunkard. "An you miss tuh needs to let me have suma you now."

Anyta weakly raised herself from the bed dragging the pillow with her. Gilda try assisting her only to have her hand brushed away. She smile down at me sweetly as she dropped the pillow to the floor between my feet. Using my legs to brace herself she knelt on the pillow holding my legs apart.

"Gilda please come here and caress my body while I service our master." Anyta said while holding my eyes with hers.

Gilda scurried to Anyta's side. Anyta leaned forward and kiss the head of my twitching cock. Her mouths opens and little by little more of my member slide between her quivering lips. A moan rushes from my throat causing a moan of pleasure to escape Anyta.

Once she has as much of me as she is able she start to suckle my cock like a nursing calf. The feeling triggers something in me that brings the flood of blood rushing back into my cock. Feeling this signals Anyta to free my growing cock from the lip lock she has it in. Her hand begins to caress it's length.

"Gilda get over here and wrap your pussy around this lordly cock." Anyta orders.

The woman quickly stands then steps across my lap all but pressing her tight little ass over my face. As she lower herself Anyta uses her grip on my shaft rubs the head of my cock harshly between Gilda's inflamed slimy pussy meat. Without warning Anyta jerks Gilda's knees forward causing Gilda to impale herself onto my pulsing cock at speed. The chair creaks at the sudden increase in weight. 

Anyta leans forward to loudly suck at Gilda's clit. My entombed cock is washed in waves of fragrant love juice which trickle rapid over the purse of my family jewels. Anyta hand caress them gently not relenting on her assault on Gilda's love button. Gilda moans loudly as her inner walls squeeze my invading member as if trying to birth it. 

Suddenly Gilda shoves Anyta to the floor as she goes straight leg and sprays my abdomen with four power gushes of female essence. After which she staggers over Anyta and crumples to the floor in a quivering heap. Anyta drags herself off the floor and climbs onto my lap to mount my throbbing member. Bouncing herself slowly with a squirm and wiggle as she attempts to push my entire cock into her velvet vise.

"I want you to have me." She whispers into my ear.

Pulling her off of me a whimpered mew escapes her lips. Standing I gesture for her kneel on the chair knees together with the back for her to keep a grip on. Stepping behind her I level my raging cock at her weeping pussy and shove. Grabbing her hips I pound her hard and fast. Her moans a serenade to my ears. The feel of hands caress my back slows my pace. Gilda presses her body to my back and reaches around me to take hold of Anyta's tight ass cheeks. The added stimulus pushes Anyta over the orgasmic threshold. Her body shakes and goes limp. 

I withdraw my cock from her now sloppy soft pussy and reach under her. Lifting her unconscious body I carry her over to the bed and lay her gently to it's surface. Gilda lovingly gazes at her lover and then worriedly at me. My hard cock standing full and angry. In need of orgasmic release. She takes me by hand and walks me back over to the chair motioning for me to take a seat. 

Before I have even make it into a full sitting position my cock is devoured by her. Not part of my cock, it's full throbbing length. My legs give out at the sensation of her otherworldly cock-sucking prowess. Her grunts and suction make quick work of my remaining stamina. Backing herself off, holding only the head of my erupting cock between her lips she looks up at me and winks.

This brings a animalistic growl and the surge of a second load of my seed into her wanton mouth. She lets not a drop of in escape her. She nods and turns to the side to kiss Anyta and share the treasure of my seed with her lover. A short bout of making out and both swallow the last of my seed.
