 The door to the glamourhame opened. "Enter and be silent." Dannel stepped into the torture chamber and bowed to the fae lord within. The door closed behind him. Dannel had been in the glamourhame once before. When he had been brought here for Lord Falthro to torture to death. He still didn't know what had made the lord stop and listen to him. Believe in his innocence. Dannel was alive because of the fae's honor and honesty. He was a slave, and about to be tortured to feed the fae's glamour, because before learning of Dannel's innocence the fae lord had sworn an oath to punish him. 

The lord snapped his fingers impatiently, pulling Dannel out of his thoughts. "Strip and kneel." The lord pointed to the center of the room.

Dannel removed his clothes and knelt in the indicated spot. Small pieces of grit on the floor dug into his knees. He stared straight ahead and ignored the discomfort, sure worse would come.

The lord said nothing further. He settled into well-padded chair and seemed to fall into a doze.

The grit pained Dannel's knees, but he ignored it. A few blessed minutes without the housekeeper or cook cursing him, berating him, dumping slops on him and otherwise making it clear to all and sundry that Dannel was to be the whipping boy for the rest of the slaves serving Lord Falthro. A few minutes free of that was worth a little pain.

He shifted his weight, unconsciously trying to find a comfortable position. All he did force the grit into new areas of his knees. Why wasn't Lord Falthro doing something? 

Dannel gritted his teeth and did his best to block out the pain. The whips, knives, and "furniture" everywhere he looked reminded him that the fae could do much worse than have him knee on a gritty floor. He didn't remember the floor in here being dirty, but he hadn't exactly been paying attention last time either.

Lord Falthro had sworn to craft punishments for the councillors of Elm Grove, who had falsely condemned Dannel. Dannel tried to distract himself by imagining what the fae might do. Lord Falthro had also said that in some way, Dannel's presence would be a punishment to Lord Falthro himself, who carried out his sentence. Though in a different fashion that the council had expected.

The pain slowly blossomed into agony. Maybe Dannel should have asked the fae to just kill him. Death couldn't be worse than a lifetime of this. Could it?

Sweat dripped down Dannel's face. No matter how he tried, he could think of nothing but the pain, the pain, the pain. He was bent over, arms wrapped around himself and rocking back and forth. Lord Falthro had sworn Dannel would not be crippled, but how could he hurt so much otherwise? It was not obedience that kept him on the floor. He couldn't believe his legs would still carry him if he tried to stand.

Lord Falthro stood. "You may sit in the chair. I will send someone for you."

Dannel couldn't hold back a sob. He tried to stand and fell over onto his side. Lord Falthro helped him stand and offered him a shoulder until he reached the seat. The freedom from pain was a bliss he had never imagined. "You did well," the fae said. Dannel pulled away from the fae's hands and snarled. To his surprise, Lord Falthro only nodded and left the room.

A few minutes later, Dannel had his arms wrapped around himself as his body tried to shake itself apart. He didn't notice when a young woman entered the room. She draped a towel around him and pressed a mug of water into his hands. "There now. It's alright. You'll be down soon."

Her voice grated on his ears and he growled at her, his mind not clear enough to find words. She retreated to a corner of the room and waited.

Slowly, the shaking stopped. He drank the water in small sips, surprised at how good it tasted. He had to clear his throat a few times before he could speak. 

"Thank you."

"It's a simple enough thing. Are you settled now?"

He sat up, stretching carefully. "I think so."

"You'll be wanting something to eat soon. If you go to the kitchen Cook will have a snack for you. Or I can fetch it."

"I'm not hungry."

She snorted. "Five hundred years people here have been tending the master and his needs. Your body needs food to recover."

He shrugged. "What do you care?"

"Daft man." She sighed. "First, it's my job to care. The master sent me to tend you, after all. Second..." she crossed the room to crouch down next to him, "there's a reason the master sent me and not someone else. He needs me right now too, you know. But he's had his eye on you, and he knows there's no one else in the manor will give you the care you need."

"What makes you so different?"

"I know the truth."

Dannel stared at her.

"I'm the master's personal servant, fool. I was standing right there when he asked you to choose your punishment. Heard the whole thing."

He couldn't move. Couldn't think. Rage turned his vision red. She slapped him. "Don't you be grabbing me." His hands were clenched around her shoulders. He had no idea how they got there. She grabbed his shoulders and shook him. "Listen to me. Listen to me now. You want to hurt someone? You want to hit something?" She pulled him out of the chair and propelled him across the room. A man-shaped figure made of leather and stuffed with hay was propped in the corner. "There," she said, dropping his arms, "there's your target."

"Why?" Dannel collapsed in the corner several minutes later. Hay and leather scraps were scattered across half the room.

"Which why would that be?" the servant crouched next to the chair.

"Why didn't you tell anyone I'm innocent?" 

"It's not mine to tell now, is it? I keep my silence on the master's business. It's none of theirs, and none of yours unless he chooses to make it so."

Darrel growled. "Is that to be part of my 'punishment' to, then?"

"If you'll not talk sense, I have other things to be doing." He waved vaguely around the room, taking in the rest of the manor, "Them, everyone, spending the rest of my life as a pariah for something I..."

"Nah, the master doesn't think of how humans react to the things he does. He won't have realized yet that housekeeper and them are being so harsh because they've heard the story your council tells. The master treats us well, mind, but we're, well, we're not people to him." She shook her head. "Except for you."

Dannel swallowed the scream that built in his chest. "I don't understand."

"Obviously." She sighed. "Let it go for now. As far as our folk go, I'd have...suggested the Master make things clear to housekeeper myself if I hadn't thought better of it."

"And just what made you think better of it?" 

"Gossip. We're not cut off here, you know." He shook his head, confused. She clucked her tongue, "You and the Master are planning a trap. Wouldn't it be better if there are no rumors to warn your enemies?"

"You really think..."

"I think better safe than sorry. And if you're done feeling sorry for yourself, get down to the kitchen and get yourself a snack. Housekeeper wants the chamberpots scrubbed out afore dinner."

With a shake of his head, he started pulling his clothes back on. "That's the second time in three days."

"Aye, and they get dirty every day!"

As she left the room he asked, "Why do you say he sees me as a person?"

"Because," her young face suddenly drawn in the lines of an ancient, "he knows your name."

Late that night, a rough kick pulled Dannel from his sleep. Instinct had him rolling away from the kick and onto his feet before he was fully awake. "The Master wants you. Get moving."

Blinking sleep from his eyes, Dannel staggered out of the room he shared for 10 other men. He stopped at the door to let his eyes adjust, but a hard shove sent him out into the lamp-lit hall. When he took a wrong turn another shove set him straight.

Eventually, they reached Lord Falthro's office, where a few days before Dannel had joined the fae for breakfast and made his fateful choice. Now the lord, his Master, sat on a low couch, reading a book and wearing the most ridiculous outfit Dannel had ever seen.

At the sound of the door, the fae lord looked up and his eyes widened. "I would have thought you were asleep."

"I was...Master." The title stuck in his throat, but he couldn't change the truth by wishing. "I understand you wanted to see me."

"I did wish to speak with you, yes. But I expected you in the morning." The fae closed his book and set it aside, "Well, you are here now. Come, sit." He gestured to a chair.

Danner blinked, "Is that...permitted?"

Lord Falthro snorted, "I'm the lord here. Whatever I say is 'permitted'. I have news and a question."

Not knowing what else to do, especially in the face of the fae's strange mood, Dannel sat on the edge of the chair.

"The council of Elm Grove will be arriving tomorrow at my summons. They've been dragging their feet, but matters can finally proceed."

Dannel swallowed rage and said nothing.

"It would help if you were present at the interview. It will be extremely unpleasant for you, and I will not command you in this. But perhaps you would enjoy facing those who handed you over to me."

"I would...like that very much."

Lord Falthro nodded. "Go. My servant will come for you when it is time. You will do exactly what she tells you."

"Whatever it takes to bring them down."

"As I thought. Sleep now. Tomorrow comes soon enough."

Dannel bowed himself out and made his slow way back to the sleeping room.

By the time the town elders entered, Dannel's skin was coated in a sheen of sweat. He knelt next to Lord Falthro's chair, naked, and gagged, with his hands clasped behind his head. The lord held a crop and was lightly tapping his balls. Just as the elders made their bows, Lord Falthro gave Dannel a good hard whack. He gasped against the gag and folded over, pain robbing him of his strength. Lord Falthro said nothing, just grabbed his hair and hauled him upright. When Lord Falthro's servant (he needed to learn that woman's name) had told him what to do, he nearly walked out. Only the thought of the council's faces when confronted with his innocence gave him the strength to go through with this. Of course, she hadn't warned him about the crop.

"But...why isn't he dead!" one of the town elders demanded. The words reached through the pain and gave Dannel's rage a focus. Whatever the elder saw in Dannel's eyes had him taking a half step back.

The crop stopped its rhythm. "Is it wise for a senile man to sit upon your council, good sirs? It appears your companion is so lost he has forgotten basic courtesy." Lord Falthro's voice was blandly amused, but the elders paled or looked away.

Old Johas, a friend of Dannel's father, stepped forward. He met Dannel's eyes a moment, then turned away. "I will ask your pardon for my fellow councillor, Lord Falthro. This matter is a painful one for all of us, and...the swift cut heals cleanest, my lord. Seeing...that one...re-opens all our wounds."

The betrayal cut Dannel to the quick. He had trusted Johas, knowing the old man would never condemn him, never believe him a murderer. Rage and grief closed his throat and...The crop smashed into Dannel's balls. 

He gasped again and choked on the gag. Pain freed him. He clung to the searing fire and sent his silent thanks to Lord Falthro. He could not afford to break. Not here. Not now. The pain allowed him to block out the conversation. Soon Lord Falthro would spring the truth on them, and he would never need to face them again.

Lord Falthro's breath tickled his ear. "You thought that I would kill him? No, for what was done to the children of your town, death is far too quick and easy a punishment. You see how he suffers?" Another hard thwack. "Is it not beautiful? He will last for years, and endure more than you can imagine." Lights seemed to burst before Dannel's eyes. Still, through the star-bursts he saw the a few of the elder's nod agreement. Johas closed his eyes and looked away. "This, my friends," Lord Falthro continued, "is a fitting punishment for anyone who would harm children as yours were harmed. Or anyone who would stand back and allow children to be harmed.

"It is late. You will spend the night here, and we will speak more in the morning."

Dannel twitched, but another stroke from the crop kept him from turning on Lord Falthro. They had a deal!

"Of course, my lord," oily Glanter grinned, "But if you will, what shall become of - that one's - property? We would wish to claim it for the town. As recompense, if you will."

"Whatever my slave once owned is now mine. I will...consider your claim."

As soon as the door closes behind them, Lord Falthro puts aside the crop. "You may collapse now." Dannel falls to his hands and knees, shivering. Lord Falthro runs a hand over his head and back. "You did well, toy. You did very well."

Lord Falthro goes to a sideboard and pours a cup of xocalt. He helps Dannel to sit back and removes the gag, pressing the hot drink to his lips. Dannel tries to pull away, but Lord Falthro won't let him. "Drink." After a few sips, Dannel managed to hold the cup for himself. 

"This once, I will permit you to berate me in any manner that pleases you, but first you will listen.

"Because you were here, because they had to see with their own eyes how you suffered for their lie, I was able to learn things I would not have otherwise. Most of our guests looked on your suffering and felt only satisfaction." Dannel growled. "Hush. They do not matter. They believe they see justice and are content. But among them is at least one, possibly two, who looked on you suffering and felt fear."

Dannel looked up at the fae. "Yes. It was no accident that brought you here. Someone among them deliberately abandoned two children to be tortured to death so that they could use me to kill you." Lord Falthro sighed, "I fear it is too late to save the children now. The best to be done is prevent any more from suffering. Anymore innocents from suffering." Lord Falthro ran a hand over Dannel's shoulder and back, pleased to see that the trembling had subsided.

Dannel froze. Lord Falthro's bitter chuckle seemed to echo his silent horror. "You didn't think of that, did you?"

Dannel shook his head, tears suddenly flowing down his face. "No. I was so focused on my own...problems."

Lord Falthro brushed the tears away. 

Overwhelmed, Dannel allowed himself to lean into the fae's touch.

Abruptly Lord Falthro released him and walked away.

Abandoned again, Dannel clenched his teeth against the pain.

"I will send my servant for you," Lord Falthro said as he walked out of the room. "We will talk more later."

Dannel grabbed up the crop and threw it at the fae, but it only bounced off the door frame.

When the servant found him a few minutes later, he was methodically destroying the room.

That night, housekeeper threatened dire punishments for Dannel's destructive tantrum. She took great glee in barring him from dinner. Early the next morning, Lord Falthro ordered Dannel to attend him. Dannel expected further punishment for his temper and hoped to at least be able to get information from the master on how he planned to proceed. Instead, Lord Falthro told him to put together a plate of food from the master's own breakfast and wait in the next room to be summoned.

Not sure what to say, Dannel quickly filled a large plate with enough food to make up for his missed meal, plus a few extra slices of bacon. He bowed and slipped out of the office, to eat and wait.

Shortly afterwards, he heard voices coming from the master's office. He recognized Johas' voice and his quickly-eaten food turned leaden in his stomach. He nearly stopped eating, but he remembered Lord Falthro's words from the day Dannel chose to be a slave instead of a dead man. No matter what you face each day, unless you wish to die, you eat. Food is life, and not eating makes death that much more likely.

Dannel refused to give Johas the satisfaction of his death. Bite by bite, he continued eating the now-tasteless meal.

He was halfway through a pastry when a bell rang. He swallowed, brushed himself for any crumbles, and stepped through the door to the master's office. For a moment, his eyes met Johas'. Horror filled the old man's face. Dannel looked to Lord Fathro. The fae lord signalled for Dannel to come kneel at his side.

Johas gasped. "Please, Lord..."

"Peace, councillor." Lord Falthro rested a hand on Dannel's shoulder. "Do you know this man well, Dannel?"

Dannel's treacherous memory reminded him of the time Johas has helped him climb the old oak tree for the first time, going fishing with the old man, late nights by the fire listening to his father and Johas debate some point or other. He widened his eyes to hide the tears that threatened. "I thought I did, Master." 

Lord Falthro smiled grimly. "I thought that might be the case. The councillor asks that I execute you." Dannel closed his eyes and summoned anger to drive out the pain, drive away the tears. "He believes he is being merciful, offering you a release from your torment. How do you reply to that?"

Torment? Yes, this life was torment. From the agony of Lord Falthro's tortures to the unconcealed hatred of most of his fellow slaves. But Lord Falthro had dealt honestly with him, the master's servant offered compassion and a tart tongue in equal measure giving each as he needed them. And the rest of the manor would soon learn the truth. Even if they never welcomed him, their hatred, too, was honest. He would find no daggers in his back here. And to that he held the "mercy" of a man who had called him "nephew," but refused to even visit him in the gaol or hear his plea. "Master, I would suffer at your hands for a thousand years before accepting this man's 'mercy'." 

Tears seemed to glitter in Lord Falthro's eyes. Then he turned a hard look on Johas and Dannel was sure he had imaged the wetness. "I would advise you to say nothing further councillor. You and your fellows have tried my patience enough."

"I am sorry lord, that was not my intent. That one's father was like a brother to me."

"I see." Lord Falthro met Dannel's eyes. From the grim set of the master's lips, Dannel suspected he really did see. "Sometimes the greatest punishment is truth. Will you trust my judgement in this, Dannel?"

Rage swamped Dannel. Johas had all but been his family. Until yesterday he had believed, hoped, prayed, that the old man had argued for his innocence. Dannel had never been a violent man, but at that moment the idea of personally introducing the old man to Lord Falthro's glamourhame was very, very tempting. He did not want to be a man who could torture other men. "I...I know I do not trust my judgement, Master."

"So be it." Lord Falthro gestured for Dannel to seat himself in a chair. Dannel did so, deliberately taking a seat that placed him in a circle with the fae lord and councillor. At this meeting, he was the equal of either. Since the chair had been pushed against the wall earlier, Lord Falthro obviously agreed with him. "I have good news for you, councillor," Lord Falthro said, "Contrary to what you have been told, your brother's son is a good and honorable man who would never intentionally hurt an innocent."

"Lord," Johas growled, "I do not know what games you play, but with my own eyes I saw the evidence. I refused to believe until I saw."

Dannel glared at the councillor. He said nothing, but let the old man see his hatred and rage. How could there be evidence against him? He was innocent.

"Why did you agree to send Dannel to me, councillor?"

Having once, very briefly, tasted the full force of the fae lord's glamour, Dannel suspected what was coming. He found himself looking forward to it.

"We believed you could learn where the other two children were. You failed in that, lord."
