 All character in this story are over 18 and it contains themes of light femdom in a school setting. Please remember to rate my story or leave a comment if you enjoyed it.

********************************

Joe Williams lagged behind his mother as she strode down a long corridor. He didn't want to be here but she had forced him to come. He had recently failed his college exams and the college had decided to kick him out. His parents were both furious.

"And after all the money we paid for you to get the best education possible now what are you going to do. No education means no future young man, me and your father have given you everything and you constantly refuse to take advantage of the opportunities that are right in front of you. You know when me and your father were your age we had to work so hard that we never had any time to ourselves, but it built character-"

Joe had stopped listening already it was easier just to let her go on. That had always been Joe's problem though he always choose the path of least resistance. Whatever was easiest he went along with it and that meant doing no work. He had never done well in school because he didn't study and he mostly got by because he was actually quite bright. He didn't have good grades to get into college either but his parents had made a large donation to an Ivy league college in order to get him in. Now though his mother was desperate and so here he was.

"Hurry up Joe were late as it is. I hope you appreciate what I am doing for you here, it was very difficult to get time off work to bring you here and I have heard that they are very selective about the students they take on, only a very small number are allowed in. Ah here we are-"

They had entered a very luxuriously decorated room and there was a very expensive mahogany desk with a woman age in her mid 40s sitting behind it. She was a very attractive woman for her age though and she was very professionally dressed with a shirt and suit jacket on but her breasts were so large that they strained against the fabric. She was also very tall and her pencil skirt made her look slimmer than she was. Even her high heels made her seem taller and served to complete the look which was quite intimidating.

"Mrs Williams it's so good to see you could make it, I am Mrs Taylor." She said as she shook hands with Joe's mother."And this must be the little rascal Joe that I have heard so much about." She spoke patronisingly and went as far as to ruffle his hair.

Joe was speechless at the sight of this woman and as she came closer to him he could smell perfume which filled his nostrils and made him think of strawberries. As he looked at her he tried not to stare at her breasts but for a young man he found the job quite difficult.

"I am glad to finally meet you Mrs Taylor I have heard great things about the work that you do here at the institute for modern discipline. Although I must correct you on something my son here is more than a little rascal and we are going to need drastic measures to help him."

"You don't need to worry Mrs Williams we have a 100% success rate with all of the boys that we select to join. There are some forms we will need you to sign but then we should be able to begin immediately."

"What is it that you need me to sign? I am sure there won't be any problem if this is in Joe's best interests."

"Just a simple non-disclosure agreement with regard to our methods so we can stay ahead of our competition. We also would like you to promise that for the next 3 months you will agree to tell no one that Joe is here and that you won't come and visit him. It's very important to us to be able to keep Joe in the right environment so we can help give him the disciple that he needs. You can sign them on the way out at the reception if you please."

Mrs Williams was a bit reluctant to agree to these terms but there was something about this woman that made her want to say yes right away. It might be because she reminded her of herself or of who she would like to be. The women were dressed similar and Mrs. Williams who worked at a large financial institution felt reassured by the woman's demeanour. 

"Of course Mrs Taylor that should be no problem."

Joe was watching this silently (and sneaking glances at Mrs Taylor's breasts) but now he felt he had to say something.

"Look I don't want to be signed up for anything and I honestly think this is just a waste of time."

His mother looked as if she was going to launch into another lecture when he said this but Mrs Taylor interjected first.

"Joe I promise you that while you are here no one is going to force you to do anything. I just ask that you keep an open mind is that alright? Now maybe you would like to say goodbye to your mother with a hug."

Mrs Williams looked a little taken aback at being pointedly directed to hug her son but she had received some very good recommendations so she thought that this was worth a shot considering how desperate everything was. Maybe a good hug might help Joe who knows she thought.

So she walked over to her son and embraced him in a tight hug. As she pulled him close Joe could feel his mothers breasts pressing into him and he started to feel quite uncomfortable. Him and his mother didn't normally hug but now he was reminded that his mother actually had very large breasts of her own. He also started to get the feeling the Mrs Taylor had realised he was looking at her breasts and had decided to make this suggestion just to watch Joe squirm.

"Bye Mom." Joe said after the hug was over, his cheeks still very red.

"Now you be good and please Joe try to work hard this is very important." Then she gave him a kiss on the cheek and turned to leave praying that she was doing the right thing.

********************************

Mrs Taylor turned to Joe and stared at him. She didn't say anything she just looked at him. She was sitting on the desk in the room looking down at Joe with her arms folded under her breasts. This pushed them up a bit and it was hard not to stare at them since Joe was looking up and it was easy to just glance down a little every so often. As the minutes went by Joe wasn't sure if this was some sort of test or psychological technique or whatever but it was making him uncomfortable. Just as he opened his mouth to say something Mrs Taylor got there first.

"I saw you were staring at my tits earlier."

"What, I mean no I wasn't I-" Joe began before he was interrupted.

"Its quite alright Joe, I don't mind at all so please feel free. Here at the institute for modern discipline we do things quite differently. We actually encourage students to be honest above all else so its fine for you to be honest in your gaze as well."

Joe thought that sounded like a pretty flimsy justification but he was not about to argue just to get himself into trouble. 

Then Mrs Taylor got up out of her chair and slowly walked towards while looking him directly in the eyes. Joe shifted in his chaired not knowing what to do as she advanced on him. When she reached him she bent down to him and gave him a kiss directly on his lips.

Joe was in shock while this happened and stayed frozen to his seat not moving a muscle. He was so focused on Mrs Taylor that he failed to notice the door open and a nurse come up behind him. His mind was completely focused on the touch of Mrs Taylor's lips until the nurse was already injecting him in the neck. He tried to struggle in a panic as his vision started to cloud over and the last thing he saw was Mrs Taylor looking down on him with an expression that somehow managed to look both motherly and mischievous at the same time.

******************************** 

Joe awoke to the sound of a ruler smacking against a wooden desk. He jumped sleepily not sure what had happened but as he looked round him he felt panic and confusion. He was in a classroom and he was wearing a school uniform that felt tight against his body. He noticed immediately that he was the only boy in the room and that he was surrounded by girls. These girls looked different though, they were bigger and taller than normal. Joe was not a very tall guy himself but these girls looked as if they were almost 7 foot tall each. Looking at them it almost felt as if he had been shrunk and he noticed very quickly that all the girls had very large breasts even for their size. They were wearing school uniforms with surprisingly short skirts and some silk stockings. Their shoes were flat Mary Jane's and white shirts under grey cardigans on top. However the woman who was commanding his attention at the moment was the teacher. She was even bigger at over 8 foot and she towered over him. Her breasts would have been double D's if she was a normal sized woman but due to her size they looked massive. She wore a tight business skirt with high heels and a tight shirt with a professional jacket that was just large enough to contain her enormous bust. She looked as if she took looking smart very seriously. 

"Joe what did I just say?" She spoke crossly while looking down at him.

"I don't kno- what I where- but" Joe stuttered his words not sure of what was going on as he looked around him trying to understand what had happened. The last thing he remembered was talking to Mrs Taylor then-

"I said that the Doppler effect is the apparent change in frequency due to the relative motion of the source and the observer which you would know if you had been listening. If you don't pay attention then you won't be able to answer even the most basic questions. Since you are new here I am going to give you a chance to redeem yourself in the test tomorrow. However if you do not pass then I am going to punish you personally after class." she threatened, smacking her ruler down on Joe's desk again to drive the point home.

Joe wanted to say something, to protest that he wasn't meant to be here, to ask about why everyone else here was larger than him but after the talking to he had just received, he couldn't say a thing. He felt very small (literally) and scared so no words came out of his mouth.

For the rest of the class he sat quietly trying to pay attention and listen but he could only think of how he might escape. He was thinking that this must be some sort of sick kidnapping and that he would just need to make a run for it when the bell rang for the end of class.

"Remember Joe you are staying in Alice's room. She has kindly agreed to take you on while you are here and you are to treat her with respect." The teacher called out as the students started to leave. It was the end of the day and they all were going to their dorms or outside to enjoy themselves in the sun.

Joe got up and tried to slip out not sure who or where Alice was. Just as he was nearing the door though he felt a hard smack on his ass and he jumped. 

"Where do you think you are going? all in a hurry." A Blonde girl appeared behind him, she towered over him and gave him a rather threatening grin. A few girls watching them started to point and giggle.

"Are you Alice?"

"Thats my name and you are Joe right? Well your stuff was moved upstairs already and you need to study for the test tomorrow anyway, so lets go." And with that she grabbed Joe's hand and then set off pulling him with her. She moved much faster than him due to her long legs and Joe had to practically jog to keep up as he was pulled along by her tight grip on his hand. Joe wanted to protest that she didn't need to hold onto his hand but he kept his mouth shut for now. He just needed to play along with this charade until he could get left alone for a bit then he might be able to escape.

She continued to pull him along for several minutes and every so often Joe would bump into another schoolgirl and he would try to mumble an apology before he was dragged on. Some girls even saw him coming and gave him a spank on his ass as he went by. He didn't have time to look at the girls responsible but he certainly heard them laughing as he was pulled along. Alice pulled him up staircases and along corridors until they reached her room. It had probably only taken 5 minutes but it had felt like the longest journey of Joe's life. She took out a key from her pocket and after letting herself in threw Joe onto her bed finally letting go of his hand.

Alice's room was seemed both large and small to Joe the moment he saw it. It was small because it was just one room. He saw only a bed, a desk and a large wardrobe against the wall. However the room looked large because everything was bigger than it should have been. It was proportioned for a 7 foot tall girl so everything was about 20% larger than normal. 

"Hey!" he exclaimed as he tumbled onto the bed noticing that it was bouncier than he expected probably due to the size difference of the mattress. 

"Oh shut up, its faster this way and you know it. Now why don't you take this book and start asking me questions". She grabbed one of the books from her bag and threw it to Joe which resulted in him just about catching it with 2 hands but having the wind knocked out of him a little. "Start with the section on differential equations and then ask me some questions on waves and harmonic oscillation." Then she sat on the chair by the desk, crossed her legs and looked at him impatiently.

Joe opened the heavy book and started looking through it while he sat on the bed. Some parts of it looked familiar to him but he wasn't very good at his work to begin with so he didn't really understand what was going on. He turned to the sections Alice had told him to go to and looked for questions he could ask. He tried to stick to definitions or any questions where he could just read off what was written in front of him and check if the words that came out of Alice's mouth were exactly what was there. A few times she tried to explain in her own words the answer but Joe had to struggle to know if she was right. He mostly just agreed with her and said that she was correct if he couldn't tell.

"Ok now I will ask you" She announced and walked over to grab the book out of his hands.

To say it was awful would be to understate how badly it went.

Joe knew none of the answers to the questions that Alice asked even the easier ones. Regularly Alice would announce this saying "That was an EASY one" or "Are you even trying?" accompanied by regular exasperated sighs. He also found it harder to concentrate as now instead of leafing through the book looking for questions he was looking directly at Alice and trying not to stare. Under her skirt she wore nylon stockings and she had taken off her shoes. Joe kept stealing glances at her feet (While he wasn't staring at her breasts that is) and he prayed Alice wouldn't be able to tell he was getting an erection. Whenever she seemed to be looking down at the book Joe would try to fix himself but every time he tried to get more comfortable Alice would look up and ask him a question. He started to feel as if she was timing it just right to catch him but he told himself to stop being so paranoid, it must just be coincidence. 

Eventually after they had been at it for so long Joe felt exhausted. Alice seemed tired too so said it was time for bed. Joe was honestly just grateful to get some rest so he didn't complain that he was being told to go to bed nor did he wonder about food as for some reason he didn't feel hungry at all even though it was late.

"You can just sleep in a T-Shirt and your underwear you should be warm enough." Alice yawned and then looked at Joe expectantly.

"Eh would you mind turning around? or-"

"Oh come on Joe, I have to give up my room and help you study. This is the main perk for me of this arrangement. Now strip." She commanded.

Seeing as he had no choice Joe turned away from her hoping to hide his erection but somehow he ended up feeling more exposed as he felt her eyes on his ass as he took off the school uniform and stripped down. When he took off his trousers he even heard Alice wolf whistle behind him.

"Nice ass"

Red faced, Joe jumped into the bed and looked over at her wondering if she was going to join him. There was only one bed after all.

Alice slowly got up and walked over to the wardrobe only to take out a blindfold and walk over to Joe.

"You don't get to see me undress just yet."

Joe was about to protest but Alice was bigger and stronger than him so after a short struggle it was obvious there was nothing he could do. Then she whispered in his ear "don't move"

He felt her get off him and he heard the sound of clothes moving against skin. after a minute he felt Alice cuddle up beside him and pin both his arms against the bed with one of hers. He was still blindfolded and he couldn't move his arms so there was nothing he could do. Her large tits pressed into his back and just as he wondered how he was supposed to sleep like this he felt a hand reach down into his boxers and grab his member.

"Alice what are you-"

"Shhhhhhhhhhhhhh" she whispered in his ear.

She started to stroke him and he was powerless to stop her. Her hand was larger than a normal girls and she used her other arm to reach around his body and keep him pinned to the bed. Joe tried to object some more but every time he opened his mouth he felt her hand squeeze tighter as a warning. All he could do was lie there as she gave him a handjob. Before long he could feel that he was getting close as her hand stroked up and down, up and down, up and down-

Suddenly he felt his orgasm stop. It was like some sort of wall stopped him from cumming. He let out an pained moan confused and frustrated.

"What! I don't- how are you?"

Alice giggled in his ear. "Just another one of the perks for me."

And so Alice edged him a few times before she finally fell asleep still griping his penis and after that it took Joe a long time before finally tiredness won out and he descended into a deep sleep despite his cock still being as hard as a rock.

********************************

Mrs Taylor stared at Joe. He was lying in a tank of shallow water with electrodes stuck to his head. She could see precum leaking out of his penis which meant he had gotten a few edgings at last. He had gotten off lucky though she thought to herself. Normally the patients that didn't do what they were told could end up almost having seizures from the punishment they would receive. This just confirmed what she suspected about Joe all along. He was submissive at heart and with the right environment he would actually do quite well in his studies. He was already obeying what he was being told to do in the simulation. With a little discipline he would end up working his ass off and come out of this with a very good education.

"This is all for his benefit of course" she out loud to herself even though there was no one else around.

But when Joe was done she might just sample him herself. After all he would get a very through education in there and it would be a shame to let it go to waste. 

With that pleasing thought still in her head she turned off the lights and left Joe to his frustrated sleep.