 "More firdrakh tea, sir?" Desirée held out the strangely shaped teapot, smiling at the large, octopus-like alien that would eventually rape her. 

"Yes, I would love some more," Tal Jin replied from the divan opposite her, holding out his porcelain cup for her to refill. "And please, Guild Courtesan Tanner, call me Jin."

"Of course, Jin." She was very careful to smile at the Tekkamaru with her mouth closed. In many cultures, showing one's teeth was a sign of aggression, and she didn't want to risk a misunderstanding. "But only if you call me Desirée."

"Desirée," Tal Jin (like the Chinese, his first name was his surname) responded, dipping his massive head. "A very appropriate name for you."

She smiled and nodded at the compliment. She poured another measure of the steaming firdrakh tea for her guest and, after placing the pot on its warming tray, had another sip from her own cup. She tried not to make a face: firdrakh tea was a great delicacy for the Tekkamaru -- roughly equivalent to 12-year-old single-malt scotch -- but to her it tasted like steeped prune juice mixed with Buckley's cough syrup.

She lay across a low divan, wearing her Guild uniform: a form-fitting dress with a low neckline, short sleeves and hemline at her mid-thigh. Her feet were bare. Desirée's hair, worn long around her shoulders, was still slightly damp from the shower after her morning workout.

Her fingernails, lips and toenails were painted an unappetizing shade of pinkish-green. She knew it looked hideous on her, but that wasn't the point. The connotations of colour were a cultural institution and, among the Tekkamaru, the shade implied that she was ready and willing to mate. 

Desirée could see flashes of the same colour flickering across Tal Jin's pink hide. Whenever he opened his mouth to speak or sip, she noticed his tongue was beginning to swell. Clearly she was succeeding in enticing the alien into his mating heat; the question was whether she would survive the experience.

The Tekkamaru were a society that prized propriety and honour above all things. Their complex and highly disciplined culture made the octopus-like aliens natural diplomats. Many of them pursued careers in the Diplomatic Corps, corporate law or any other profession that required delicate and skilled negotiations.

However, that self-control deserted the Tekkamaru when they entered their annual heat. They literally went violently insane, as the need to procreate short-circuited their normally refined sensibilities. 

As one of the Guild's most junior courtesans, Desirée had the unenviable task of entertaining a creature that would go berserk when it went into heat. Even worse, she had to encourage her guest to assault her. All she had was the knowledge that a security squad armed with tranquilizers was standing by in case Jin severely injured her, and the assurance that he probably wasn't strong enough to rip her limbs from her torso. 

Probably.

"So, I understand you're the Confederation's assistant consul at Kahlis IX?" she inquired, setting her teacup aside. "That must be a very tough posting."

Tal Jin grimaced. "I suppose it's an honour to receive such a delicate assignment, but it's an honour I'd as soon refuse, believe me." Desirée recognized, after reading Jin's dossier, that he was a rising star in the Diplomatic Corps. He was already an assistant consul, an impressive achievement for one so young. The fact that he was an assistant consul in the troubled Kahlis System said even more about his talents. His visit was partially covered under the Corps' health plan.

"Has General Xerkis postponed elections yet again?" she asked. Eight standard years ago, a group of senior officers had overthrown the government on Kahlis IX, promising an end to decades of corruption and mismanagement. Unfortunately the military junta under General Xerkis had only made things worse.

The Tekkamaru took another sip of tea. "Yes, and he tried to imprison yet another group of dissidents. Unfortunately for him, his forces weren't able to capture Xhital, the current opposition leader. Xhital fled to the Verlit System, obtained asylum, and organized a government-in-exile with the tacit permission of the Verlit II oligarchy. 

"Now General Xerkis is threatening war against the Verlit System if they don't hand over Xhital, and various governments in the Confederation are choosing sides in the conflict, depending on what sort of profit they can gain from the situation. The Diplomatic Corps is trying to avert an armed conflict in the area, but General Xerkis only knows battlefield diplomacy. He's built an impressive navy and he thinks a short, victorious war might divert his population long enough for him to ram through the reforms he wants."

"If you don't mind my saying so, " Desirée said tartly. "If there's a mistake General Xerkis hasn't made since seizing power, I can't think of it."

Jin snorted with laughter, his 12 tentacles waving about his head. "Very astutely put, but it wouldn't be wise to say that too publicly. Despite Xerkis' incompetence, Kahlis IX is still a formidable economic force, and their recent military build-up has been frightening."

"Is it enough to threaten the Confederation itself?"

"No, but it could seriously destabilize the Quadrant should he decide to go to war," he replied. "I've recommended the Confederation Navy hold battle exercises in the System, but certain elements in the Diplomatic Corps have decided that such an action would only escalate the situation." 

Desirée tried not to grin: although Jin's tone of voice was neutral enough, his body language told her his irritation about being overruled. Clearly he thought only a show of force would persuade General Xerkis to back down.

"At this point, it's our job to defuse the conflict by bringing the concerned parties to the bargaining table," the Tekkamaru continued. "We have to figure out a diplomatic resolution to the crisis and convince the General to see reason, otherwise the entire Quadrant could find themselves -- what's that wonderful phrase?" He paused for effect. "Up shit creek without a paddle."

Desirée was stunned for a second, then started laughing, too surprised to remember to close her mouth. It wasn't just that Jin had discovered the human phrase, but the fact that he had said it in English, instead of his native tongue, had caught her off guard.

He grinned wickedly. "There we are. I was wondering when I would coax a genuine smile out of you. I must say, you are much more attractive when you laugh naturally." 

"What was a highly disreputable strategy, Honourable Tal Jin!" Still laughing, she shook a finger at him. "You should be ashamed of yourself!"

He shrugged his tentacles unapologetically. "Haven't you realized yet? There are no disreputable strategies in intergalactic diplomacy. Besides, I was wondering when I would meet the real Desirée Tanner. You were obviously trying so hard to do the right thing, and your smile is so much more natural when you have your mouth open like that."

She blushed. "Thank you for saying so, but the Guild has serious rules about how we're supposed to act. For instance, it would be a very bad idea for me to smile like that in front of a Leonorilla, would you not agree?"

He acknowledged the point, still amused. "Fair enough. Have you entertained a Leonorilla yet?"

Desirée shook her head. "No, but I wouldn't be surprised if I do eventually. They have a fearsome reputation."

"And as a recent graduate of the Academy, you cannot pick and choose your guests. You have to entertain whoever is available, even if they might cause you physical harm." He sipped his tea, and gave her a bitter, self-aware smile. "Like me."

She reached out, touching one of his tentacles with her right hand. "It is a pleasure to entertain you, Jin," she said seriously, feeling the play of muscle under the tentacle's pink skin. "You've been a wonderful guest."

"Thank you, Desirée." She could hear his voice becoming more slurred as his tongue became thicker; the translation was perfectly clear through her UTD but the slurring was a further indication that he was entering his heat. "I know this isn't easy for you." Another tentacle tentatively touched her bare knee.

"I'm sure dealing with General Xerkis on a daily basis is much more difficult." Still smiling, she looked down at the tentacle brushing her smooth leg, then back up at him. 

Now it was his turn to throw his head back and laugh. "The conversations with the good General are certainly less pleasant, believe me." Then he was silent. He looked over at her, a question in his pale eyes. She touched the tentacle that was caressing her leg, smiling at him encouragingly. Inside, her blood ran cold: he was clearly entering his heat. This was going to hurt.

"I also assure you that General Xerkis is a far less attractive drinking companion." Now her UTD was having difficulty processing his speech. His tentacle was brushing her inner thigh. She was both surprised and touched that he was being so gentle.

She grinned despite her fear. "I should hope so, otherwise I would have to be insulted."

"I would be ashamed of myself, should I insult such a generous and charming companion," he said thickly. His tentacle slid under her skirt, moving up her inner thigh. Her eyelids fluttered briefly from the sensation. Shots of that strange pinkish green flickered more rapidly under Jin's skin.

"I'm glad you think so," she replied. The tentacle brushed the small strip of pubic hair above her pussy. She closed her eyes briefly; inhaled a quick breath.

It was time. She straightened on the divan, removed a hair elastic from her wrist and tied her sandy blonde hair in a ponytail. Then, she slowly, deliberately slid her fingers down her neck and across her chest, opening the mag-binding on her dress. Underneath, she was completely nude, her back slightly arched to show off her breasts. The tentacle was squirming at the juncture of her thighs, trying to find her slit.

Sliding the dress off her firm body, she gently grasped the tentacle in her hands, sliding it along her belly and chest. Her fingers wrapped around the organ, feeling the ridges of muscle under his soft skin. Running her palms up and down the tentacle, she slowly bowed her head, still staring at Jin, nuzzled his organ against her cheeks, and took the tip between her lips. She sucked at the tentacle, hollowing her cheeks, then lashed it with her tongue, as if it were a penis.

Jin moaned, his breath coming hard and fast. Pinkish green streaks appeared and disappeared all over his body. Still caressing the tentacle with her fingers, she stared at him as she used her tongue to rim the tip, licking the cross-shaped indentation on the end of his organ. He shuddered continuously now, the breathing flaps along the side of his head fluttering open and closed. 

The tip of his tentacle opened, and a clear, warm liquid gushed out over Desirée's chin, neck and chest: she licked the tip and briefly took it into her mouth, encouraging the eruption. The tangy precum flowed into her mouth and over her chin; Tekkamaru males lubricated the females' passages prior to mating. Desirée let the viscous liquid splash on her breasts and belly, rubbing the precum all over his tentacle. She could feel other tentacles wrapping around her ankles, slowly pulling her legs apart. Despite -- or perhaps, because -- of her fear, her pussy was engorged and dark, her clitoris poking out from beneath its hood.

Still clutching the writhing, slippery tentacle, Desirée slid it down her taut stomach, glistening from the alien precum. Taking a deep breath, she maneuvered the gushing tip and used it to nuzzle her clit. The tentacle stroked her nub for a few seconds, making her shiver, then it abruptly slid inside her pussy, filling her completely.

She sucked in a breath, biting her lip from the sensation, her eyes fluttering shut and her shoulders rising. The tentacle didn't thrust in and out of her; instead the muscles rippled against her vaginal walls, expanding and contracting in a constant rhythm. It was a strange sensation: she whimpered when the tentacle pressed against her G spot. She was lubricating furiously, her juices becoming a milky foam as it mixed with the alien fluids.

Alien precum sparkled in the light as it dripped from her breasts and belly. The tentacles wrapped around her ankles lifted her, leaving only her shoulders against the divan. She clutched the red velvet to prevent herself from being turned upside down in mid-air. Her entire body was shaking, her first orgasm rushing towards her.

Another tentacle, the width of her middle finger, brushed her breasts, the suckers on the end, momentarily attaching themselves to her left nipple. She moaned from the sensation; she reached for it with her right hand, sliding her fingers in a complex screwing motion to masturbate the tentacle. She could feel the tentacles binding her ankles moving up her legs, the tips suctioning on her inner thighs. The sensation drove her even higher: she was no longer conscious of what she was whimpering, her face a mix of pleasure and pain.

The tentacle inside her pussy swelled even larger, pressing against her G spot. Desirée squealed her first orgasm, her hips involuntarily bucking, pushing the tentacle deeper inside her. White foam -- her juices mixed with Tekkamaru precum -- gushed from her pussy, running down between the crack of her ass. The tentacles wrapped around her legs also pumped precum down her inner thighs, soaking her pussy with its juices and also becoming foam as it mixed with her fluids.

The tiny tentacle whipped out of her hand just as it erupted, sliding unerringly to her bottom. Desirée screamed at the sudden intrusion in her puckered hole, but the near-constant lubrication eased its passage and the pain turned to pleasure as it began pulsating inside her, a different rhythm than the one that had invaded her pussy. She was moaning incoherently, aftershocks rippling through her sopping body, as the two tentacles pulsed inside her.

Jin's tentacles slid all over her, pinning her arms away from her body, leaving her totally exposed to his touch. One suctioned onto her clit, making her scream with ecstasy; two more whipped across her breasts, making her nipples stand straight up and causing her to arch her back. She was writhing in the alien's grip, orgasming almost continually now. 

The tentacles pinning her wrists erupted, squirting Jin's precum along her arm and onto her body; she was now completely soaked, her skin glistening with sweat and juices. Sweat beaded her forehead, running down her face, her eyes squeezed shut and the veins in her neck popping out.

The tentacles now slowly lifted her off the divan, her fingers vainly trying to grasp the red velvet. She writhed in the alien grip, the two tentacles invading her pussy and ass still pulsating, still making her writhe. She had lost track of how many orgasms she'd enjoyed; her voice was hoarse from screaming.

The tentacle in her pussy slid out, allowing another gush of milky foam. Desirée's eyes fought to stay open, she whimpered at the sudden loss of sensation, the gaping emptiness in her vagina. Jin's tentacles had now placed her pussy in line with his lips. His tongue was completely swollen, almost blocking his mouth. She writhed in his grip, knowing what was coming next. He hurled himself at her, crushing her divan beneath his weight.

Desirée slammed against Jin's face, the impact knocking the breath from her body. Her arms and legs were wrapped around the Tekkamaru's head, still pinned there by his tentacles, painfully stretching her limbs. She fought for her breath, feeling his lips part her intimate folds. She groaned in mingled arousal and fear. 

One of Jin's flailing tentacles hit the table holding the teapot on its warmer. The table splintered, the porcelain teapot smashed to the floor, spilling firdrakh tea everywhere. The battery-powered warmer bounced off the divan and fell into the liquid, shorting out in a hail of sparks. Desirée's cup fell against the splintered divan, spilling tea all over the red velvet.

His tongue rammed into her pussy, making her squeal. It thrust in and out with appalling speed, the Tekkamaru mercilessly tongue-fucking her. His other tentacles whipped her back, thighs and buttocks, leaving red welts where they landed. Desirée choked, trying to force some air into her lungs, but her hips bucked against Jin's mouth, trying to drive his tongue deeper inside her. Despite her agony, she could feel yet another orgasm boiling to life within her: this was going to be a big one. 

Jin's tongue was pistoning in and out of her even faster now as he neared his own orgasm. It felt like her pussy was being rubbed raw by the invasion, but the pain only seemed to heighten her arousal, pushing her towards the mother of all climaxes. Her arms and legs were still pinned against the alien's large head, with the free tentacles whipping her in time to the tongue that was brutally fucking her. One of his tentacles smacked the low table; it hammered the wall, knocking down a framed holographic print. The print smashed to the floor, sending bits of plastic everywhere.

The big alien tensed up; Desirée gasped as the tentacles pinning her against him stretched her arms and legs. The strain was almost beyond endurance; she groaned against the pain in her sockets. His tongue plunged to its full length inside her, filling her like nothing ever had before. 

Jin screamed. Semen gushed from his tongue into her pussy, more than she could handle, spattering out of her almost as fast as Jin's organ pumped it in. The eruption was enough to trigger her final orgasm; she squealed at the forces rippling from her hips, bucking against his face. Jin's tentacles abruptly let go of her; she tumbled to the floor, her legs collapsing beneath her, shaking from relief and release. 

She collapsed on the soaked ornamental carpet, her arms and legs shuddering from the reaction. Her orgasm was so intense, it felt like butterflies were fluttering under her skin all over her body. She felt the last tentacle slide limply out of her ass, leaving a gaping emptiness in its wake. She tried to push herself up, but slumped to the floor. Blackness consumed her.

***

Desirée woke to feel warm water sluicing over her naked body. Tal Jin's tentacles supported her while his smallest limb -- the one that had invaded her ass -- held a water sprayer. 

"The Guild clearly thought ahead and put us in a room with a medical tank," Jin murmured as he ran the sprayer over her body, washing the rejuvenating foam from her slender frame. "Are you all right?"

She gingerly stretched. Despite her time in the tank, she still felt raw and sore from the pounding she had taken. However, she could still feel the warm glow of post-coital pleasure counterbalancing her various aches and pains.

"Actually, I feel pretty good," she admitted. 

"I trust I didn't do you any . . . permanent injury," he said. She could see his embarrassment over the way he had brutalized her during their time together. She had been warned this might be the case: the Tekkamaru often felt guilty after having sex with other races, mainly because those other races weren't built to withstand what the Tekkamaru inflicted on each other during their mating frenzy.

She touched his cheek with her hand. "It's all right," she soothed. "It's not something I'd care to do every day, but I did climax several times."

Jin's mouth dropped open. His tongue was still swollen. "You actually . . . enjoyed it?" he said, aghast.

Desirée smiled, suddenly embarrassed. "Like I said, it wouldn't be something I'd want to do everyday, but I did get a lot of pleasure out of it." She stopped for a moment, not sure how to explain it. "Sometimes . . . when humans mate," she finally began, "the line between pleasure and pain can become very blurry. And sometimes fear can become arousal, in the right instances." She stopped again. What she had just said held massive implications for what she was as a sexual being. This was a part of herself she had never confronted before, and she needed time to assimilate that part of her into her own self-image.
