 "Your drinks, gentlemen," Desirée said, placing three frosty glasses of Ybarran beer on the floating cooler tray that hovered over the pool. "Or, should I say, officers."

The three young Lorthlei, wearing the rank badges of second lieutenant in the Confederation Navy, swam over to take their beers. They thanked her as they hoisted their glasses but deliberately waited for Desirée to fetch her drink. She could feel their hot stares on her back and she deliberately let her hips sway a little more as she walked towards the dispenser several feet from poolside. 

Not for the first time, she appreciated the strenuous exercise program Guild Law forced her to follow in order to maintain peak physical fitness. Desirée's pale skin glowed with health and her body was taut yet curvaceous. She wore a skimpy bikini in the Guild colours of red and gold, and her hair hung down almost to the dimples above her buttocks. The aquatic Lorthlei were hairless and they clearly found both her long, bare legs and sandy blonde hair intriguing.

She returned with her glass of Swantahlian ambrosia -- a dark beverage similar to a Merlot -- and sat on the ramp that led into the pool, letting the warm waves lap her hips. The Lorthlei men slid onto the ramp around her, their heavily-muscled tails slowly churning the clear water. The Lorthlei's iridescent scales caught the light, creating gorgeous patterns of colour. They were close enough that she could feel the heat from their bodies; the planet Lorth had a climate much like Earth's -- except it was 95% water - and its people were well adapted to surviving for weeks even in ice-choked oceans.

"To your new careers," she said, raising her glass in a toast. "The Confederation is proud to have you defending her borders."

The three officers clinked glasses with her and drank deeply. After sipping her drink, she placed her glass on the cooler, next to the bottle of water-resistant lubricant and other toys that rested on the hover tray. The three had successfully completed their midshipman cruise and were now commissioned officers in the Confederation Navy. As a graduation present to themselves, the second lieutenants had pooled their funds to purchase a Guild courtesan's services for the afternoon. Some courtesans would have sneered at having to entertain a trio of low-ranking naval officers, but Desirée enjoyed their charmingly awkward politeness. They gathered around her, answering her questions about the Navy and their experiences during their first cruise.

The Lorthlei resembled the mermen of Earth myth. Desirée noticed the gills under their ear holes were dormant while they breathed through their mouths and nose slits. Other than their equipment belts and the rank badges hanging from their necks, they were nude. Not surprisingly, the three were in peak physical condition; their bodies were ripped and corded under their tiny scales. The only off-putting aspect were their mouths: hinged like a cod's and filled with several rows of razor-sharp teeth. But Desirée was able to ignore that once she became absorbed in their conversation.

"Since there's no real conflict right now, most of our work will involve routine patrols, escorting merchant convoys, updating star charts, that sort of thing," one of them was telling her, her UTD translating his otherwise inaudible clicks and squeaks into something she could understand. 

"Although things might heat up in the Kahlis System soon," another said. "Oh come on!" he protested when the first one shot him a warning look. "It's not like it's any great secret that someone's going to have to do something about General Xerkis!" 

"I wish they would," the third Lorthlei commented. "The longer we wait, the more dangerous he's going to become."

"I heard about how General Xerkis called elections simply as an excuse to flush out dissidents for his secret police," Desirée said. "From all I've heard, it's only his control of the armed forces that allows him to stay in power."

"Pretty much, yes," the second admitted. "He's made a few concessions to keep public support but mainly rules through fear and a very well-oiled propaganda machine."

"The Central Government's deadlocked on how to proceed," the first one said. "Every time there's a vote in the Chamber to pursue more aggressive action, someone exercises their veto power and blocks it. The last couple of times it's been the Naghra: no one's sure if they're prolonging the instability in order to embarrass the Confederation or to wring more concessions from Xerkis."

"But can't our ambassador in the System simply declare a state of emergency?" Desirée asked. "That should bypass any debate in the Lower Chamber, and allow Confederation ships to move into the system in force."

The first Lorthlei blinked, surprised at her knowledge of interstellar law. "That would do it, but Ambassador Norshown still hasn't given the word. I'm sure he has his reasons," Desirée hid a smile; he was clearly trying to be diplomatic, "and he's senior enough that no one else in the Foreign Service is willing to over-ride his authority. Until then, we're locked in a stalemate, unless something happens to break the situation wide open."

"I wish something would," grumbled the second Lorthlei.

"The last time the Confederation was involved in a shooting war was with the Asmodii Purist Faction almost thirty standard years ago," the first officer said sternly. Desirée suppressed a shudder; she knew all too well what the Asmodii Purists had been fighting for. "No one wants a repeat of that mess."

"Very true," she said, defusing any possible argument between the two aliens. "I'd prefer that three such gallant officers would have long and successful careers in our Navy without risking life and limb in a war no one needs. Besides, I'm feeling a little chilled," she shivered theatrically. Ordinarily, she was allowed to take as long as she liked with a guest. But the Lorthlei had paid a reduced rate for her companionship, which meant they had a limited time with her. And the clock was ticking. "Can one of you fine gentlemen think of a way to warm me up?"

The three officers looked at one another. As she suspected, the first one reached out and stroked her leg, sliding his webbed fingers along the inside of her calf. She smiled, shifting herself closer to the young Lorthlei, waves lapping at the silky cloth covering her pussy. His hand was feverishly warm on her flesh, the tiny scales surprisingly soft to the touch. He tentatively reached up to caress her knee; she encouraged him with another smile, running her left hand over his muscular shoulders and chest.

More confident now, his hand roamed up her inner thigh, leaving a trail of heat on her soft skin. Fingertips brushed the sim-silk stretched taut across her pussy. She gasped and shuddered from the contact, encouraging further caresses. She could see his nine-inch penis darkening as it hardened. 

He reached up and undid the knots on her bikini bottom, the tide allowing the garment to slip away, exposing her soft lips. The warm water licked her clit, just as his fingers touched her folds. Desirée leaned back slightly, propping her upper body with her elbows. She sighed while his webbed fingers explored her intimate flesh, her wordless responses letting him know what she enjoyed.

"Do you perform . . ." he asked nervously, "mouth sex?"

"I'm not sure." She bit her lip theatrically, feigning ignorance. "Do you mean . . . something like this?" She gently pushed him so that he was lying on his back, the waves lapping his gills and his cock sticking straight up. She went on her hands and knees over him, placing herself in such a way that he could easily reach her if he wanted to initiate a 69, but not close enough to imply that she was expecting it. 

She let her hair lightly brush his cock, eliciting a sigh. His penis was thick and hard, covered with those same soft iridescent scales that covered the rest of his body. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed the other two Lorthlei stroking themselves as they watched her. Her long tresses were clearly a turn-on for the hairless aliens. She continued caressing his cock with her hair until she felt she had used the technique as far as it would take him. Then, using her left hand to hold back her hair, she gently enfolded his penis with her lips. He groaned and she let her tongue slide along the shaft, coating it with her saliva. She could tell he was very close; his cock gave a warning lurch. 

She smiled as she felt his webbed hands grasp her hips, pulling her over him for a 69. Another pair of hands pulled the strings on her bikini top, releasing her full breasts. His tongue plunged deep within her, making her lift her head and moan. His tongue swirled around inside her, sending her arousal shooting ever higher. She panted, moving her hips over his head so he would lick her most sensitive spots. Just as she started sucking his penis again, she felt a pair of hands parting her buttocks and a finger rub lube on her puckered star. She shuddered again, knowing what was coming. The finger rubbed more lube into her asshole, pressing harder with each stroke until it briefly slid inside her sphincter. She gasped at the intrusion but the finger didn't penetrate far; the Lorthlei's webbed hands didn't allow them to do so. 

The finger briefly slipped out and then returned, thickly coated with more lube. Desirée fought to maintain her concentration as she sucked the swelling cock, the twin intrusions in her ass and pussy making her tremble with need. Once again, the finger popped out and she sighed with combined relief and frustration. She settled back to sucking and licking the first Lorthlei's cock, her tongue swirling around the tip, her hands rubbing it in a corkscrew motion, seeing it growing ever larger and darker while his tongue lapped her clit in ragged strokes.

Once again, something pressed against her asshole, the slick sphincter yielding to the pressure. Desirée moaned from the sensation; she recognized it as a specially designed dildo, no thicker than her middle finger. It slowly slid in and out of her anus, going deeper with every thrust. She was shaking from the penetration, trying to lightly stroke the cock beneath her so he wouldn't come too soon.

After a minute, the dildo expanded to the width of two fingers, sending a jet of lube deep inside her bowels. She screamed, the increased pressure sending her over the edge and into her first orgasm. Just then, the cock she was sucking erupted, coating her mouth and throat. She lifted her head, feeling semen splash her face and breasts. Her eyes were closed so the salty cum wouldn't burn; her body shook as the relentless dildo slid in and out of her. 

She felt warm hands grasping her flesh, lifting her off the first Lorthlei. She clutched at a merman's powerful arms as he held her close, the soft scales rubbed against her swollen nipples, feeling the incredible heat his body was generating. He pulled her into deeper water, and the third Lorthlei had his arm wrapped around her hips, a webbed finger gently massaging her clit while he kept the dildo firmly in her ass. Now the dildo was beginning to vibrate inside her, sending waves of pleasure shooting through her firm young body.

The first Lorthlei paused for a moment; she guessed he was taking a swig of beer from the hover tray, since she could hear its low-pitched hum close by. She took the opportunity to dunk her head into the pool, washing semen from her face and eyelids. Desirée opened her eyes to see him rising in front of her, his muscular tail whipping back and forth to drive his body higher. She could see his iridescent cock, glistening with lube, now in line with her breasts as they floated in the water. 

"I want to fuck your breasts," he told her through her UTD. Desirée complied, squeezing her tits together to make a sheath. She was still trembling from the dildo inside her and the third Lorthlei who was now underwater, using his gills to keep breathing as he worked on her clit and ass.

The second Lorthlei started thrusting in and out of her cleavage, his webbed fingers playing with her sandy blonde hair. She somehow managed to find a rhythm, squeezing her tits as the slick cock poled between her breasts, her legs spread wide so she wouldn't get hit by his thrashing tail and allow the third merman to play with her genitals.

A second jet of lube squirted inside her ass; Desirée groaned, knowing what was coming. Sure enough, the dildo expanded yet again, this time to the thickness of three fingers. She had to fight to keep her rhythm going, maintain pressure on the darkening cock sliding between her breasts. She lowered her mouth as he thrust forward, briefly taking the tip in her mouth and lashing it with her tongue. He groaned and she tasted the tang of precum. 

Then she felt herself being lifted up by two pairs of hands, water cascaded from her body as her hips left the pool. At the same time, the dildo slid from her ass, leaving her feeling uncomfortably empty.

"Is she ready?" the second Lortheli asked. She didn't hear any response but a finger penetrated her pussy; she moaned and she heard the second merman's leering chuckle. Then two pairs of hands slowly lowered her into the water, the waves lapping her knees then her quivering thighs. As her hips entered the pool, she felt cocks at both her pussy and ass; their strong hands drove her down, impaling her on their hard cocks.

Desirée screamed, the double intrusion causing a second orgasm to explode inside her. The water churned from their thrusting, she was moaning from their relentless rhythm. She clutched the second Lorthlei's shoulders, her plump cheek against his chest, holding herself against him as they slammed into her. She gasped and moaned incoherently, she was orgasming almost continuously, short flashes of ecstasy amid the ruthless pounding. The third Lorthlei pulled her wet hair, exposing her neck. His tongue flicked the space below her ear, the place that always made her hot. Her breath hissed and her eyes fluttered closed, adjusting her panting to the twin pressure of their chests squeezing her, inhaling and exhaling as they thrust in and out.

The second Lorthlei thrust even faster; two seconds later, his cock exploded deep inside her. She felt his wetness within her, then the gaping emptiness as he slid out, sinking below the waves. The third Lorthlei kept thrusting, his left arm wrapped around her taut stomach while his right hand played with her clit. They were leaning backwards slightly to make it easier for him to fuck her, her thighs spread wide while his tail thrashed the water. Water and sweat ran down her breasts and belly, her hands gripping his arms or squeezing her breasts as they floated in the pool. She could feel his cock growing ever larger. The small, continuous climaxes stopped but she could feel the strain of a massive orgasm looming, surfing the waves of pleasure emanating from her ass and clit.

She felt a change in his breathing, water squirting from between his jaws onto her shoulder as his gills siphoned the air from the pool. He was getting close and surprisingly, so was she. His hand blurred against her clit and she felt herself responding, beginning that final climb. He gasped, driving her ass against his hips one final time, and wetness squirted in her bowels. Less than a second later, her mouth opened in a rictus of pleasure as her own flesh convulsed in orgasm.

She was limp and shaking as the three Lorthlei towed her to the shallow end of the pool and left her lying in less than an inch of water. She could barely wave good-bye as they flicked their tails and left, diving into the deep end where they could exit the room.

***

Desirée's body ached from the twin trials of the three Lorthlei the day before and this morning's workout. She was in a burn phase, which meant a lot of cardio and flexibility exercises. Luckily, there was hot water in the changing room showers and she could feel herself relaxing into the spray. She wrung the last of the shampoo out of her hair and let the shower wash her hair down her back, spray dotting her plump face and firm body. 

"Desirée, darling!" Veronica embraced her. Their lips met in a kiss, hot water cascading over their naked flesh. "I'm sorry we couldn't see each other last night but," the older woman made a face, "work got in the way."

"That's all right." Desirée shook her head ruefully. "I wouldn't have been much good in any case."

Veronica smiled. "I saw the video feed from yesterday. Was it as strenuous as it looked?"

Desirée nodded. "Those three really wiped me out."

Veronica laughed. "Three young, vigorous Navy officers who probably hadn't been with a female in over a Standard Year? I'm amazed you entertained them as well as you did. You'll be happy to hear that all three reported that they were more than satisfied with your hospitality."

Desirée sighed. "That's good to hear." Since the three Lorthlei had taken a reduced rate, her commission was lower than she would have hoped.

Veronica leaned in closer. "I'll tell you a little secret, darling," she breathed in Desirée's ear. "Those three boys may not have earned you a lot of money now, but they'll remember you when they make commander, captain or even admiral. And that, my dear, will pay off handsomely down the road."

Desirée smiled. The F'lyat Treatments would keep the 22-year-old looking young even into her second or third century, which allowed a courtesan to take the long view, career-wise. And the rest of the Galos IV Guild House had slowly become accustomed to the idea that she and the Guild administrator were lovers; Desirée had been very careful not to take advantage of her position and the senior courtesans had slowly come to accept her. 

Not that there weren't tensions: other races resented the fact that humans were highly responsive to the F'lyat Treatments, and it was increasingly obvious that Desirée was developing a reputation as one of the Galos IV House's more talented junior courtesans.

"So what's planned for today?" Desirée asked.

"You'll have to ask Ssurhuk-T'at for that information, remember?" Veronica said dryly. She caught the younger woman's expression as Desirée's UTD pinged an incoming call. "In fact, that's probably him right now."

Actually, it was Cyraena, one of the senior courtesans in the Galos IV Guild House. "Desirée, darling," the elegant Draco said with no preamble. "Have you received your schedule for today?"

Desirée lifted a finger to Veronica, requesting a minute. The older woman smiled, taking some soap from the dispenser and lathering it on her body, sliding her fingers along her shaved pussy. Desirée acknowledged the tease ruefully.

"Actually, Ssurhuk-T'at hasn't sent me my schedule yet," she admitted to Cyraena. The froglike courtesan had taken over Desirée's guest itinerary as soon as she and Veronica had become lovers, to quell any rumours about possible favouritism.

"Good," Cyraena said quickly, flicking back her long straight hair. Not for the first time, Desirée noticed how the pale woman made any action seem deeply sensual. "The guest I was telling you about is coming today, and I would like to give him something special. Care to join me?"

"I'd love to." Desirée willed herself to ignore the various aches and pains from yesterday's entertainment. 

"Excellent," Cyraena enthused. "I'll call Ssurhuk-T'at and let him know you'll be working with me today. Be at my door in two hours, and wear something sexy, yet demure. You will be the sweet innocent, seduced and corrupted by the decadent blood drinkers. Do you understand?"

"Completely." 

"Wonderful. See you then." Cyraena paused, just before cutting the connection. "By the way," she grinned, showing her fangs, "I love your outfit."
