 For the third year in a row, a man from the UK had arrived via plane in same town in Texas with the intention of going into the middle of the Chihuahuan Desert for reasons only known to himself. David went to the same vehicle rental place as the previous year and consulted the old man in the office for the loan of a cheap but reliable Jeep.

"Okay, Mr. Pauling, if you just fill out the paper work, you can take the car whenever you feel like it." The attendant slid a form over to Dave.

"Cheers, man." David took a pen from a plastic cup and scribbled his name down on the dotted line.

"Say, you look a little familiar...Aren't you that same British guy who came here last year?" The old man asked.

"Yup, that's me. I'm surprised you remembered." David handed him the completed document.

"How could I forget? You went into the desert for the day and didn't come back to town until tomorrow morning."

"I'm afraid I'm going to be doing it again. It sort of became an annual tradition for me a couple of years back."

"Can I at least know why?" The elder got from his chair and to a box on the wall.

"Eh...I think even if I did tell you, you wouldn't believe me." David answered. "Let's just say I'm meeting somebody."

"Let me guess...is it a gal?" The senior returned with a key.

"You sussed me out, mister." David laughed. "We first met at Visitor's Peak so that's like our little rendezvous point. She's out of this world!" Dave couldn't resist the pun.

"Why, if I was thirty-five years younger and didn't have to manage this place, I would come with ya to see her!" The old man chuckled before handing Dave the key to the Jeep.

"I really got to get going now, mate. Thanks for everything." David left the office to search for his vehicle.

"If she's got a grandma, tell her I'm available!" The old man shouted after him.

Dave drove to the mountain as fast as the revs would allow and arrived there just as dusk fell on the sands. He bailed out of the car as quickly as he could, excited for the coming of his friend. Sure enough, everything went dark with only the moon to illuminate the land as David looked up towards the milky way. That familiar hum was heard and a big, black disc approached overhead. A dazzling flash surrounded Dave and when his vision returned, he was standing in the shiny, chrome-walled transporter room. Standing opposite of him was the captain, holding up her 'devil horn' hand signal and a smile on her blue lips.

"Greetings, David." Dr. Ruta Saturnyne Terileptus welcomed the earth-male, dressed in the same tight, rubbery, black and purple costume she seemed to wear all the time.

"Hey, Ruta. Did you lose weight? You're looking fantastic!" Dave copied the hand signal, glad to see the extraterrestrial hottie after the long 12 months. "Been up to anything since I saw you last?"

"I'm glad you asked, David, as it relates to this year's research. Follow me." The automatic doors slid to the side and Ruta walked through the metal corridors of the ship with David in pursuit, passing by several male crew members casually going about their duty. "I contributed towards the development and construction of a prototype cloning device. It's still years from being perfected however we have made some significant progress." Ruta and David arrived in a room in some remote part of the flying saucer with several large, glass cylinders mounted on the walls, wired with all sorts of tubs and apparatus. The glass appeared to be fogged up from the inside, making it impossible to see through clearly though there was certainly something inside given away by a dark shadow.

"I see...so what does this have to do with me? You want me to test it and make more Davids for you?" Dave laughed.

"Actually...I already did." Ruta punched in a six-digit code into the keypad mounted on the wall next to one of the tubes. The container was unlocked and cold mist hissed from the crack as it opened itself up. Once the icy fog had disappeared, David looked into the giant bottle to see an exact copy of himself fastened upright into the barrel. The doppelgänger's eyes were shut and was wearing an outfit similar to the one the alien crew was wearing.

"Wha-!? It's me!" David jumped back in fright.

"It's merely a clone of you. All of the capsules contain copies of yourself. The technology is able to replicate the physical appearance of the DNA donor with an accuracy of 100%."

"I don't remember donating anything so you could make a clone..."

"Well...um...about that...we used a sample of your semen that I had collected from you during our last experiment to test the cloning." Ruta's face went slightly blue as it usually does when she was embarrassed or ashamed of something. "Please forgive me, I really should have asked your permission first before going through with it but we were just so eager to try and duplicate a non-Delta Delphini that I could not wait another Earth year to receive your consent."

"Ruta, calm yourself." David reassured the alien. "I really don't mind. I think it's pretty cool that I'm the first human being to be cloned to this degree. By the way, what's a Delta Delphini?"

"It's what my species is called, named after our planet of origin."

"Quite the mouthful, don't you think? How about I just call you Double D's?"

"Very amusing, David." Ruta smiled. "Just two last thing about the clones. They have a very limited lifespan, averaging to about a month, give or take a few days. That is why we have them cryogenically frozen: to prolong their lives."

"Alright, so we can't leave them out of the fridge too long or they'll go bad. And the other thing?"

"They also possess very little intelligence and are unable to do virtually anything independently. However, an unexpected side-effect occurred with earlier clones we created is that the DNA donor shares some sort of mental link to their clones and are able to give them simple commands via merely thinking about them."

"Oh, I see, a bit like giving orders to soldiers, right?" 

"Precisely." Ruta closed the pod again. "Anyway, you must be quite tired by now, David. I'll send somebody to take you with your quarters and I shall teach you how to control the clones first thing tomorrow."

"By the way, Ruta, what does this all have to do with any of OUR research?"

"Just be patient and get well-rested. Tomorrow may require a lot of energy."

The next morning, assuming it really was morning as there was no daylight in outer space, David and Ruta were standing in the centre of the clones' room with her camera filming them all from a side-on view. One of the copies had been taken out of their pod and was standing perfectly straight and stiff without moving a muscle. His face was blank and emotionless with his eyes void of any sign of liveliness staring through the two others in the room.

"So...Now what?" David asked the scientist.

"Just consciously will an action directed at the clone and it should preform it." Ruta answered. "Let's start off with something simple."

"Raise your right arm..." David said in his mind. The clone blinked and his right arm shot up into the air, keeping it straight over his head. 

"Oh, good! It works fine with humans!" Ruta clapped with glee. "Try something a little more complex such as walking."

"Walk three steps forward..." Dave thought. Sure enough, the double took three rigid paces in their direction with his arm still being held up. Ruta giggled at the silly sight. "This is going to be tedious..."

A couple of hours passed and Dave finally seemed like he was able to get the hang of controlling his clone efficiently, able to have him walk, bring his limbs up to specific levels and pick up objects dotted around the lab.

"Excellent, David! Now we can move on to the experiments." Ruta stated.

"You mean this isn't the experiment?" David asked.

"Oh, no, of course not! You know that my main field is studying anything and everything Earthling related including mating rituals."

"...Where is this going, Ruta?"

"Well, to put it quite simply, this session I wish to study sexual activity involving multiple partners at the one time."

"You mean you want to be gangbanged?"

"Not immediately!" Ruta blushed, trying to hide her face behind the notepad she was carrying. "Let's just start with two and...work our way up from there."

"Anything for my favourite scientist." David put a hand on her shoulder. "But why even bother going through all this cloning nonsense? Why not just abduct a few other men to help out."

"The people in charge of the cloning project wished to see if the mental link would be present in Earthlings so I volunteered as I would be doing my annual experiments with you and thought the clones would save time on finding other suitable human males."

"Ah, killing two birds with one stone, eh?"

"Truth be told, and it is a trivial thought, I did not think it would be as enjoyable if I did it with anyone other than you..." Ruta looked away, thinking things were about to get awkward.

"Listen, Ruta." Dave started to say. "In the two decades that I have spent living in this universe, you are the only one who I have wanted to team fuck with a bunch of my own clones."

"Oh, David, do you really mean that?" Ruta's eyes lighted up.

"Sincerely from the bottom of my heart."

"Thank you, thank you so much!" The alien babe cuddled Dave tightly, squishing her large mammaries against his chest as David embraced her back.

"I'll do anything to make this as pleasant a working experience for you as I can." David said.

Ruta broke away from the the human and lowered her body, getting comfortable on her knees and placing her electronic paper and pen on the floor next to her.

"Could I try double fellatio first?" She asked, looking up to her assistant.

"Not a problem." David placed a hand on her smooth head. "Oi, you! You heard the lady, let's get to work!" He addressed his clone, sending his instructions via brainwaves to him. The clone obeyed and walked over to stand on Ruta's left side, unzipping his fly and pulling out a flaccid cock and holding it out for the captain.

"Thank you very much." The grey girl held the cock in the palm of her hand. "Um...you are usually fully erect by this point..."

"Guess you can't order somebody to get a stiffy." David spoke. "My guess would be that since they have no emotions of their own, they cannot get excited and aroused at the thought of a blowjob."

"Excellent hypothesis, David." Ruta scribbled something down. 

"Play with him a little, try to get him up." David suggested. Ruta pinched on the clone's soft shaft very lightly in between her thin index finger and thumb and moved them back and forth ever so carefully to stimulate the copy. Soon, the duplicate's dick got longer and harder as Ruta started to use more of her hand to jerk it off until it was standing up on its own accord and pointing towards her.

"I think that shall do." Ruta said before she kissed the tip using her blue pursed lips. "Even tastes just like you." The luscious astronaut wrapped her mouth around the glans, sucking on them gently as she licked the underside using her tongue, bobbing her bald head back and forth, closing her big, black eyes and moaning sensually as she guzzled down. The original David was getting a stirring in his trousers from observing. It was an odd sensation, getting horny from watching a sexy non-human suck off somebody who was him but at the same time who was not. The observant scientist took notice of David's swelling around the groin. "Join us, David, this is a group effort after all."

"Yes, ma'am!" Dave swiftly stood on Ruta's other side and pulled out his own penis from his slacks. Without needing any fluffing, Ruta raised her free arm and gripped around David's impressively sized man-meat, pumping away at it while still blowing the clone. She alternated every once in a while between dicks, giving them equal amounts of mouth action, making them all shiny and wet with her saliva. 

"Hey, Ruta?" The earthling man said down to her as she was stuffing her face with his sausage.

"Hm?" She looked up to him without taking her mouth off.

"Think you handle two at the one time?" The clone took a step closer to Ruta, poking her cheek with his phallus. Ruta popped David's dick from her gob.

"I can give it a try." Ruta opened her maw up as she stood between the two male bodies. They both walked forward, slowly sliding their cocks into her opening simultaneously. Ruta's eyes bugged out as both her cheeks were filled from penises coming at either side, stretching her lips to accommodate them. The two Daves bucked their hips forward, stretching Ruta's jowls slightly as they poked into her. Ruta held onto them, redirecting the ends slightly inwards down her throat. She started to cough a little as the crowns touched the back of her throat. She persevered, however, wanting to prove herself to the human and for the sake of her biological investigations, sucking hard as she could with double sausages jammed into her cavity.

Ruta's gagging became pretty severe as time went on. David took notice and pulled him and his copy's dicks out from her gullet. She hacked violently and took a deep breath.

"Sorry, David, I could not handle it for very long..." Ruta said.

"Don't push yourself for my sake, Ruta." David said back to her. "Not everybody is a born cock-sucker."

"Let us continue though, shall we?" The alien recovered quickly and repositioned herself slightly. She got herself onto her hands so her large arse stuck out from behind. "I'm curious how it feels to be penetrated from opposite ends."

"Way ahead of you." David was already behind Ruta and pulling on the tag to unzip her suit from her bottom end as the clone was standing in front of the scientist's face, his cock just inches away from her mouth. Ruta opened up and was thrust into her mouth by the duplicate gently, giving it a fresh coat of saliva. The real David had managed to open up the good doctor's outfit, prodding her sticky, moist blue cunt with his fingers to confirm that she was ready to take his penis inside her. He assumed the appropriate position and slid his fat piece of flesh into her slit. Ruta groaned over the the clone's genitals as she felt her insides get filled up, the cock rubbing up against her tight vaginal walls. Dave held onto the alien's wide hips, pulling her slightly towards him whenever he bucked his pelvis into her, echoing a slapping noise throughout the lab. At the same time, the clone gripped onto the sides of Ruta's head to fuck her throat-pussy harder. Ruta was in ecstasy, enjoying the taste of human cock after such a long interval of time and having her pussy drilled into by an experienced Earthling. David let out a low grunt and came for the first time during this expedition, letting loose a torrent of semen up into Ruta's alien womb as his balls clenched. At the exact same time, the clone shot his cum down Ruta's windpipe, holding her head in place as her little mouth was getting filled with the viscous fluid, some of it overflowing around the rim of her lips. The clone pulled out, letting Ruta dribble the contents of her gob down her chin and onto the floor.

"Hm, interesting..." She mumbled to herself with jizz still on her tongue.

"What is?" David asked from behind.

"We appear to have discovered another side-effect to the clonage." Ruta began to speak. "This may just be coincidence but it seems to me that when you orgasm, the clone orgasms at the same time."

"You think?" Dave questioned. Ruta nodded in response. "I think further research is required, Dr. Terileptus."

"I wholeheartedly agree! Let me get the next clone ready."

A second copy was brought forth from his container, stepping out unemotionally into the lab and slowly shuffling towards the finished threesome.

"How do you want to do this, Ru?" David asked, standing behind the alien.

"I'm not sure..." Ruta answered. "I'll let you decide the best course of action."

"If you insist..." David had stood back as his clones got into position. One remained in front of the scientist, awaiting to have his penis sucked once again, to which Ruta complied by opening her mouth awaiting it to be thrust into, and the other slid underneath her with his cock pointed up, ready to get stuffed inside her used cunt.

"And how are you going to approach me David?" The interplanetary girl said with a smirk as she wiggled her plump grey arse to tease Dave. Seeing Ruta wiggle her fat behind gave the earthling a pretty good idea on where to stick his pecker. He approached from the rear once again and this time parted Ruta's bum cheeks to expose her pucker. Surprisingly, it wasn't neon blue like her other apertures. David lined himself up with the slot and pressed her glans up against it.

"But I defecate from there!" Ruta yelled out, having a pretty good feeling on what David's next move will be. The concept of anal sex was, ironically, alien to Ruta and her people.

"Not right now you don't!" David shouted back at her, wanting revenge for what she did to his arse last year. He pressed forward, breaking into her bum-hole with ease as though it was already pre-lubricated, fucking in and out of her quickly with lewd squelching noises just as if it was a second vagina. Ruta hollered upon feeling her rectum get crammed into with Dave's phallus, her tongue hanged loosely from her open mouth and if she had any actual pupils or irises, they would be rolling back into her skull.

"This feels amazing! Why did nobody tell me about this before!?" She exclaimed joyfully. The two clones began to get to work, stuffing into both her gaping mouth to silence her noises and creamed pussy with their meat-sticks. The three duplicates ravaged Ruta's three outlets, pounding away at her mercilessly with all of their might. The female alien was in ecstasy, chanting "Yes!" over and over again with her mouth full. David playfully spanked her grey buns which caused a slight jiggle. He could also feel the movement of his second clone's cock from behind her rectal walls which he thought was a bit of a weird but kinky feeling. Dave even helped out his first clone by pushing on the back of Ruta's hairless cranium into the copy's crotch. Ruta was shaking her hips on David and grinding her lower body them down into the first's pelvis with her eyes closed and groaning with glee, getting ever closer to her climax.

"Oooh, Ruta, here comes the second volley!" David uttered. True to his word, he came once again, shooting his seed into all her holes at once, seemingly with an even greater amount than last time. Ruta felt the slime ooze down her throat once more before she was overfilled and coughed out the cock and a large quantity of semen onto the polished floor. David and the second clone slowly pulled their dicks from her bottom orifices as both leaked spunk out and down her legs. Ruta weakly held herself up with her hands, still hacking as her hand hovered over to her pen to scribble down some new found discoveries involving anus stimulation.

"S-seems I was correct about the simultaneous orgasm theory..." Ruta weakly stuttered. "O-okay...next phase..." 

"Uh, you sure?" David asked as he got to his feet, seeing his alien fuck buddy trying to remain fully conscious from such an exhausting workout. "I think you better wait 'till tomorrow and get your energy back. I imagine it's just going to get even more tiring here on out."

"A valid point, David. My inability to preform may compromise the results." Ruta said as she stood back up.

"It's not the results I'm worried about, Ru." David cuddled the scientist from behind. "...it's you." Ruta's face flushed blue before quickly breaking away from David's embrace before he could see her bashfulness.

"W-well, I'll see you tomorrow morning! Don't be late!" Ruta nervously laughed without showing her face to the human. "I'm sure somebody will show you to your quarters if you ask!" David just chuckled to himself as Ruta left through the sliding steel doors before coming to a realisation.
