 David had finally settled down in Newshire, a town in the south-east of England, shortly before his third encounter with Ruta. He had found a semi-permanent job in the form of working at a local comic book shop and the pay was decent enough that he could afford to rent out a cheap flat. It was not exactly luxury but it did its purpose well enough. Several months had passed since Dave's last visit to outer space. Autumn breezed by winter came and went and it was now half-way through spring. It was two o'clock in the morning and David was soundly sleeping on his single-bed that was barely large enough to accommodate his whole figure until his phone started obnoxiously buzzing which stirred him awake from his slumber. He groggily found his mobile on a bedside stand and answered.

"Hello...?" David answered the call with a mumble.

"David Pauling?" A monotonous, deep-voiced man on the other end asked.

"Yeah, that's me..." He yawned. "Who's this?"

"Does the name: 'Ruta Saturnyne Terileptus' mean anything to you?" David's attention finally kicked in upon the mention of the name of the attractive alien he had befriended.

"W-what do you know about Ruta?" Dave asked nervously, unsure if he should even be discussing this sort of thing with a stranger. "HOW do you know about Ruta?"

"Mr. Pauling, we would like you to confirm a few details for us." The caller avoided Dave's questions and began asking him various specifics including his current address, his past work experiences, his education history, etcetera. Any other person would have hung up by now but David was determined to find out what they knew of the doctor. Oddly enough, they were all things he had told Ruta just before the end of their latest session. "Thank you for your cooperation, Mr. Pauling. Please hold." David complied and was half-expecting some music to start playing on the other end as he waited but unfortunately (or fortunately depending on who you ask.) there merely an eerie silence for a few tedious seconds before a familiar, feminine voice could be heard on the other end.

"Greetings, David?" She said down the phone in a way like she was not sure if he was receiving her. Dave recognised that sweet, soft voice from anywhere in the galaxy.

"Ruta!?" Dave was shocked to be talking to her at this time of the year and through his own phone.

"Oh, wow, my first time using an Earthling communication device! It's quite primitive but exciting nonetheless." 

"Ruta, what the hell is going on!? Who was that man just now?"

"I'm sorry, David, I'm afraid I cannot answer that at the present time. Please pay attention to the news tomorrow morning. You should prepare yourself for quite a shock."

Somehow, David managed to fall back asleep after the incident. He was already shocked enough as it was, what else could happen? It was now ten o'clock on the Saturday morning. David laid long as there was not any work for him the entire weekend and roused awake on his own accord before recalling the situation last night. It was all too weird but at the same time felt too real to have been a dream. He thought it pretty silly at the time but decided to take a look at the news to bring closure to it and to humour himself a little. He switched on his television and flicked through until he got to the news channel and started to prepare some tea and toast while he watched. 

"-and now we will go live to Downing Street with Linda Garland where Prime Minister Edgar Pierce and Ambassador Ruta Saturnyne Terileptus will be-"

If David's tea had been ready by that point, he would be spitting it over the screen. He must have been hearing things. It was the only rational explanation but as the footage continued to roll, an image came up that instantly burned itself into Dave's memory for the rest of his life. It was Ruta shaking hands with the prime minister! If his toast had been ready by that point, it would be falling from his mouth as his jaw dropped. The reporter's commentary was drowned out as Edgar Pierce's shit-eating grin was juxtaposed by Ruta's humble smile. She walked up to the microphone without any hesitation in her face as she began to speak.

"Natives of the planet Earth, I am deeply thankful that your people have given us the chance to peacefully co-exist amongst you. I sincerely hope that both of our civilisations will be able to learn and benefit much from each other." 

David watched on, completely engrossed. If it had just been any regular, dull human political speech, he would have changed the channel in a heartbeat but seeing how this a major, if rather surreal, historical event for his species and not to mention Ruta's genuine enthusiasm when speaking made Dave cling onto each word she uttered and continued to watch until the end, minus flicking through the other channels to see similar events happening around the world. The USA's president, China's general secretary, Saudi Arabia's king, every major person in political power was accompanied by different members of the Delphini race of both sexes and varying flesh colours. He turned back just in time to catch the end of Ruta's speech.

"Oh! One more thing I would like to mention before I leave." Ruta stated on the podium. "This is just a personal statement but I would like to acknowledge the first human I ever met who was responsible for catalysing this chain of events and made realise just how little I knew about this planet and was essential in convincing the Delta Delphini government in even considering direct contact with Earth. I will not mention his name for privacy reasons however, if by any chance he is watching this, I want to tell him...thank you...for everything he has done for me." Ruta finished. This was followed by a round of applause which in turn was followed by many curious mutterings from the crowd before the camera cut back towards the reporter. Sentimental Dave had to hold back his tears of happiness. He was touched by Ruta's sincerity. On public television, no less! Of course, assuming that was him she was talking about...

For that entire day, the planet gabbled on about nothing but the Double D's. Just going down to the local super market to get his weekly provisions, David overheard people discussing topics ranging from it being a hoax to the physical appearance of the other-worldly race to speculating when they are going to begin their invasion. He decided to stay away from the internet as much as he could as he expected there to be many conspiracy theorist or xenophobic postings on all the forms within the few short hours the information was made public. Roughly at around nine at night, there was a sharp rapping on Dave's door. He took a break from preparing a snack to answer it, wondering who it may have been. He opened up and standing on the opposite side, dressed in a tight rubber one-piece uniform and accompanied by two large men in black, was none other than Ruta herself.

"Oh, David!" She exclaimed and threw herself onto him, wrapping her arms around his neck and bringing him into a sloppy kiss on her blue lips before he had time to even say 'hello', his eyes bugging out from surprise before pulling himself off his extraterrestrial acquaintance.

"R-Ruta!" He stammered, shocked to see the alien at his door. "What are you doing here?" Though before he could get an answer, one of the men in black coughed to get both their attention.

"I take it that you can confirm this is David Pauling, Dr. Terileptus?" He spoke in a flat monotone, not unlike what David had heard on the phone last night.

"Indeed I can, gentlemen!" Ruta cooed. "That will be all, thank you."

"Uh...you do realise we are suppose to stay with you at all times until Project: 'Ekecheiria' is prepared?" The second man said.

"In that case, could you please stay outside until I have finished my business with this man in private?" Ruta requested.

"I suppose that would be fine..." The bodyguard mumbled as he and his friend stood on either side of the entrance. David silently shut the door as politely as he could, given the awkward circumstances.

"Ruta, What's happening? What business?" David questioned Ruta who was busy being fascinated by the artwork of his heavy metal posters blue-tacked to the wall before returning her attention back to the human.

"That was just a...slight hyperbole." She began. "I couldn't wait to see you again...so I requested I was to be taken here as soon as possible under the pretence that I had urgent matters to attend with you." 

"So basically...you lied." David cracked a smile.

"W-well, in any case, I'm here now." Ruta stammered with a slight blue blush on her cheeks from being found out. "Besides, there is a legitimate reason for me to be in this sector of the country...but I am getting ahead of myself. We have much catching up to do!"

And so, for the next couple of hours, Dave and Ruta just chatted away sitting on his mattress about all the things that had happened to them in the roughly nine months they had seen each other last. Of course, the grey-skinned alien would jabber on forever about various scientific jargon beyond the limits of an averagely educated human being but somehow Ruta made it all sound so compelling and intriguing as she brought up quantum tunnelling and microsattelites so casually and naturally like she was telling a fairy tail. Maybe it was just the melodic sound of her soft voice he liked listening to but regardless of the reason, he certainly felt quite a bit more brainier once she had finished.

Dave did not have a lot to add to the conversation. Scientific fields were definitely not his forte in life. He instead started off telling her about his slow, mundane three-quarters of a year spent in Newshire though Ruta seemed engaged enough, fascinated by any sort of Earther behaviour, no matter how ordinary it may have been for a human. Somehow or another, the talk turned to focus on David's shelves, filled with crap of the popular culture. Various disorganised DVDs and books strewn about in no particular order, stacked both horizontally and vertically while David briefly went over the contents of anything that caught Ruta's eye.

"And what about these?" The curious scientist asked as she pulled a comic and flicked through the colourful pages.

"That's Victory Woman." David began to explain which soon became a short rambling of his favourite comic book character. "She's a superhero who was sent to Earth as a toddler from the planet Xenon and she gets powers because of the different composition of gases in Earth's air." It was odd explaining such a famous character like Victory Woman, and even a little silly when he spoke the premise out loud.

"Intriguing...a combination of art and text to create a visually-orientated story..." Ruta admired the poppy images. "I think this definitely warrants further investigation..."

"Got ya hooked already, eh?" David quietly chuckled.

Ruta even requested the Earth-boy to stick on a few old science-fiction television programmes for her to briefly sample. One in particular being 'Star Trip', one of those cult classics from the 1970s where everybody who ever acted in it was doomed for typecast and infamous for its low-budget not-so-special effects resulting in some hilariously bad creatures. When the rubbery-masked Plutonians came into frame, a certain dread suddenly overcame Dave, worried of a chance that Ruta may take offence at the imitation extraterrestials like it was the alien equivalent to blackface. However, as he looked to see his non-human friend's reaction, it was thankfully one of mirth at the obvious artificiality.

After Ruta exhausted her inquisitiveness, and David's generosity to satisfy that inquisitiveness, the duo had nothing left to do at the now late hour. That is until Ruta suggested her favourite pastime, albeit rather gingerly.

"Um...David...?" Her cheeks turned blue. "Could we...?"

"Yes." Dave interrupted her before she finished her sentence, having a good idea on what she was about to say.

"No research or anything...I just want to..."

"It's fine." David smiled. "That kind of crap just gets in the way anyway." Ruta returned a similar grin she turned to face the sack, her large eyes looking puzzled as she examined it.

"This will be my first time ever using an Earth-style bed..." She started. "I am unsure of the purpose of the sheet and pillows."

"Don't worry, I'll walk you through it!" David reassured before playfully pushing the professor over to make her fall forwards, much to her surprise, landing face first onto the cushion, softly landing with a light bounce as the used mattress' springs squeaked underneath. Before she had a chance to push herself up, she was bounced onto by the human from behind. As David lied on top of her, dry humping at her jiggly arse confined in its elastic garb while also still wearing his pair of trousers. There was a muffled, albeit audible, slap whenever David brought his pelvis into Ruta's behind. "Since we're in my turf, I think I'll take point for a change, alright?." He whispered into the side of her head, seeing how she had no ears.

"V-very well...!" Ruta stuttered at the sudden situation she found herself in.

David had reached underneath his body, patting around Ruta's rump in an attempt to find her zip. His fingers felt the small tag as he began to tug on it, unfastening the seam of her suit located betwixt her legs with the satisfying hiss associated with the action before running his finger along her blue slit, already feeling damp as he kissed the side of her face. The alien sighed out from having her lower lips massaged, turning her neck to meet David's mouth with her own. The human fumbled with his own trousers before his engorged cock was taken out and started to teasingly rub it against the scientist's opening. Ruta's face winced as her sensitive orifice was prodded against by the head of the Earthling penis. The temptation being too great for the extraterrestrial female however as she pushed her rear end backwards in order to skip the tantalising stage and go straight into the actual intercourse, letting out a quiet but prolonged moaning as the pair shared their smooch with Dave gripping his hands onto the sides of the grey-skinned woman's wide waist as he pulled her into his crotch over and over while thrusting his pelvis forward to slap it against her plump buttocks. 

This was just for starters, however, as the duo kept on fornicating to make up for their months long absence from each other with each new orgasm resulting in a quick change in positioning. From wheelbarrows to butter churners until Ruta was riding atop the human in a standard cowgirl position, bouncing herself up and down on David's meat-stick as he laid back to catch his breath after the rigorous fucking he endured prior. Ruta's groanings had become much louder in the mean time and she was even shouting out the occasional noise that David thinks was a word in her native language every few springs up though as a result from her constant yelling, there was a sharp rap at the door from the government goons.

"Um...Dr. Saturnyne Terileptus? Is everything fine?" One of them asked from behind the entrance.

"We are just debating!" Ruta quickly replied between her sexualised grunts.

"Are you sure? We heard some noises and..."

"A VERY intense debate!"

The 'debate' went on into the late night after that incident, followed by countless more moans, groans and climaxes either could keep track of. Neither could even really remember the point at which they fell asleep.

Dave was stirred awake by the gentle rocking of a set of ten grey fingers nudging him back and forth. With a few mumbling groans, the male opened up his bleary eyes and slowly sat himself up to find himself in the nude, probably stripping down sometime during last night's reunion celebration complete with a morning erection poking up from underneath his blue bedsheets. As his vision adjusted to perceive the shape and colours of Ruta's face next to his own in an evident fluster.

"Um...David...?" She quietly asked.

"Yeah...?" The human yawned, stretching his limbs before noticing that Ruta was also up and about with no kit on, letting her hourglass physique be seen in all its au naturel grandeur.

"I have a minor emergency...I require your assistance..."

"What's up?"

"It's embarrassing to admit...could you come with me, please?" She requested behind strained manners.

"Fiiine..." Dave picked himself up and off the mattress, lazily stumbling his way behind the alien and into his bathroom.

"I'm not sure how you work an Earth latrine..." Ruta explained herself in an abashed tone, looking towards the toilet.

"Seriously?" David scratched the back of his bed head. "Actually, I do remember just taking a leak in a hole back on your ship..."

"Well, that was only for convenience's sake for space travel. On Delta Delphini we utilise a system comprising of three..." 

"You know what? Forget it. It's too early in the morning for a lecture..." David grumbled. "Sooo...I guess I'll talk you through it?"

"Oh, thank you so much, David! You're too kind!" Ruta said in a tone of both relief and urgency. "What's the first step?"

"It's a bit different for girls than for guys...but I guess your take the seat down first, that's the ring looking bit..." Ruta followed the instruction, pulling the doughnut shape onto the rim.

"Yes, yes?" Ruta eagerly anticipated the next step.

"Then you just sit down and...do your business..." Ruta immediately plopped her wide rear onto the seat and shortly afterwards began to relieve herself. The noise levels of the gushing as the waste fluid was squeezed out of her urethra and the tinkling as it hit the water was like music to Ruta's audio receptors after going for a day without the chance to release her wee (Delta Delphinians can hold their water for longer periods of time compared to Earthlings) before letting out a sigh of sweet relief as she casually urinated in the nude before the equally naked David, not even closing her legs to hide the action which was when Dave noticed the Delphini's urine was an emerald shade of green though before he could question it, his brain had finally registered in his groggy state that he had yet to have his own morning piss.

"All you need to do now is wipe and flush and congratulations! You're now a professional loo user!" David gave a jokeful clap. "Speaking of which, I really need to go myself...but my boner isn't going down anytime soon. It's not helping that you don't have clothes on..."

"Allow me to assist you with that, David." Ruta said, leaning in closer. "After all, it is partially my fault apparently~"

"I didn't mean it like thAH!" David yelped out as he felt Ruta's blue lips wrapping around his wood and sloppily slurping around the musky rod like she was trying to suck a golf ball through a garden hose. "Damn, Ruta! You're ravenous today!" David held his palms onto the side of Ruta's dome of a head and roughly pulling her face down into his crotch while he thrust his pelvis forward to collide with her face. Her lips kissed his lap as they were mashed down onto it while her nasal slits were buried into the unshowered aroma of David's pubes. Ruta's thin neck was bulging from trying to contain the human's medium sized cock although without so much as a single choke from the scientist's end. After umpteen more pelvic thrusts to roughly fuck Ruta's throat, David's dick began to intensely throb. Announcing his impending orgasm to Ruta, he pumped out his seed with a series of low oral grunting to accompany it. Ruta diligently swallowed the thick volume of nut butter as it was ejaculated into her maw however a very different liquid followed after having the human's yoghurt deposited into her mouth. 

Not unlike Ruta, David had been keeping a full bladder for many hours now and, as a result, a lot of pressure had been building up to the point where, even after just going three quarters-chub, his body opened the flood gates without his control and began micturating while the scientist kept his cock into his mouth. Her light grey cheeks ballooned from containing the rushing rate of the tangy, warm pee. Her black eyes looked as though they were about to pop from their sockets as Dave watched on in shock, with the whole thing happening so fast and the general unusual nature of it, neither could react properly on preventing Ruta being delegated as a living urinal. It was not until the quantity of liquid became so great in the doctor's mouth without her swallowing that she eventually had to pull her head back and spit out the passed water, splashing it onto the top of her bust as it trickled down her luscious chest mounds. Although David's hose continued to spray out the waste fluid onto Ruta's face without any sign of petering out while she winced with a groan of discomfort, trying to block it with her hands. Unable to stop the flow and in a flustered panic, David instead aimed his cock down the alien's figure as he continued his piss, leaving a wet trail from her nasal slits all the way down to her pussy.
