 The Elysian fields were rife with the yells of bloodlust, lust and drunken revelry as warriors drank, fucked and spilt each other's blood around the three women who sat on the grass just outside of the pub/knick knack shoppe "The Druid's Ample Buttocks". No one looked twice at the odd trio; a spirit, quasi-mortal vestibule for a triad of goddesses and a goddess who sat splayed out bracing themselves with their arms in a semi circle, each looking at their own toes. As the three were morosely contemplating their toes; Boadicea, a Celtic Queen who had once been trapped inside a broad sword but once the sword had been shattered, her spirit left the mortal and now was lamenting over the taste of blood on her cold steeled body being lost possibly forever, Moria who was morose over the folly of three old women, her creators, who hadn't cared to notice two mortals within their sanctuary, now the Earth was splintered and the third, the goddess Chuang-Mu, not happy that she let her standards for sexual partners sink so low to sleep with the same mortal for a second time. 

Though all different forms, one a goddess, one a spirit and one a creation, they all had one common thread: the mortal Jared Club. It was through their individual relationship with him that they had agreed to meet. After the initial meeting, the three, free from clothing as none was needed in the Elysian Fields, began to talk about sex. The goddess and the spirit had many experiences to laugh rudely about, but the human created by three goddesses to experience the world of mortals, had not. She had laid with a man only once, a drunken farce that she could hardly remember and she knew for sure that she had never had an orgasm. She asked what a good lover was like. The answer was squishy mud; the answer both confused Moria and peeked her interest in investigating the allegation. She rose from where the three were as she excused herself from the meeting in order to find a wet field to put her feet in so she could no what squishy mud felt like.

"Well if you're looking for something squishy," Chuang-Mu purred as spun around and spread her legs open, opening her pubic lips with two fingers, "I do have something that you may find suits your wants."

Moria was stunned, and weakly responded with, "Excuse me?" She found her self embarassed of being enticed by the dark creamy hue of the goddess's skin and the rich pinkness of the inner sex that glistened in the sunlight. What was she thinking? Why was the descending pinkness into a mysterious darkness leaving her throat dry?

"I, for one, am surprised that you are surprised," Chuang-Mu said, her fingers still keeping her lips spread for the vessel to peer into her. She took her middle finger and began stroking her inner walls; jiggling the worm before the fish. She continued after she was sure that Moria's eyes were once again focused on her wetness, "That you have not sampled the petals of a woman, considering what you were created for."

Chuang-Mu's finger held Moria's eyes fast but she was able to answer, "You forget that I was made by three old women who don't even take the time to wipe themselves after cleansing their bodies of waste. They can smell their own rankness below and that hardly makes one thirst to sample what they would think is the same as their own."

"Make no mistake," Chuang-Mu said lustily, "I am the highest quality of womanly nectar and no draft draught. Come and drink me."

Moria was able to break the hold of Chuang-Mu's finger and looked around the field they were in, "Here? In the open? In front of everybody?"

"Why not?" Was Chuang-Mu's response. She released her vaginal folds and began pointing to various people around. "Look around, my dear...over there is a knight mounting his page, balls smacking against balls...and over there, that Amazon has taken to relieving our little Viking of his erection....and over there, Caligula is mating with that tree...and over there is a man satisfying himself with a squirrel. No one will notice or care."

"I-I don't know," Moria admitted, "I just don't know."

Boadicea strolled over to Moria. She pushed a few stray strands of hair out of the vessel's eyes with one hand and gently cupped the woman's left breast with the other. "What's the harm?" Boadicea asked her as Moria began to tremble slightly at the former Celtic queen's touch. "I have spent almost two millennia being the Bronze Age's symbol of the power of the phallus..." 

She grabbed Moria's hand and placed it on her own breast. Moria looked into the spirit's eyes, slightly frightened at the amount of want she was feeling. Boadicea continued to whisper, "Let us discover together if the symbol of man and the epitome of woman can pleasure your flesh as much as the warm flesh blade of a man impaling you can."

Moria struggled with the conflicting emotions that churned inside her; one part flooding over with desire for the touch of these two women, the other part feeling the ghosts of the unwashed Fates' repulsion at the lack of their own personal hygiene. The warmth of Boadicea's breast seeped through every pore of Moria's palm, igniting the possibilities that made her vagina burn. She couldn't move, she stayed immobile even as Boadicea's lips moved toward her.

Both of the spirit's fleshy lips traced Moria's bottom lip lightly, even though it was the softest of touches, tendrils of pleasure shot down from her lips straight down her body, releasing the catch on the floodgates. Moria felt the liquid begin to pool and push against her tight muscles to drip outwardly and open along the crack of her plumping pussy. She took a sharp intake of breath as Boadicea's lips traced her top lip and the rough hand of the spirit began to run up and down over her velvety vulva with a feather like touch.

Boadicea pulled back and trailed her lips over to Moria's right ear again and cooed, "It's up to you; do you want it? Or do you walk away because three old hags can't bear to touch their own pussys? Let Chuang-Mu and I take care..." Boadicea slipped a finger between Moria's pussy lips slightly and then brought her finger up and licked the liquid off the tip, "...of your exploration of the concept of squishy mud?"

With that Boadicea's tongue flicked Moria's earlobe. Moria was mute except for a low moan that escaped from the woman's slightly open mouth.

Boadicea led Moria by the hand down to the goddess, who got up on her knees as Moria knelt down with Boadicea standing her behind her, sliding her pubic mound back and forth along Moria's shoulder blades, the wetness the Celtic spirit erotically evaporating in the Elysian Field sun off of her. The wind was behind her and her nose caught the sweet aroma that Boadicea was leaving on her. She and Chuang-Mu were eye to eye, their respective nipple tips touched ever so softly. Moria took a deep breath and asked the goddess, "What do you wish for me to do?"

Chuang-Mu grabbed the back of Moria's head and brought the vessel's lips to hers and kissed her hard, moving her chest to let the vessel's hardness caress her own hardened nubs. She explored Moria's mouth with her tongue with no hesitation, spurring Moria to do the same. Chuang pulled back to let Moria catch her breath.

Chuang-Mu ran her left hand along Moria's cheek as her right hand caressed Moria's outer thigh. She moved in close, pressing her body against Moria's letting their pubic lips exchange their own moist kiss. 

Moria moaned at the feminine sandwich that she was in the middle of, she had never felt warmer and secure than she did with Boadicea massaging your neck line with her sex while Chuang-Mu heated her front. She wanted to close her eyes and just let every sensation tickle her from the outside in yet wanted to keep her eyes open so that she would see her pleasurers. She timidly brought her hands up and put them on the goddess's hips, gently pulling her even closer into her body. It took all her will not to surrender to it all but concentrated on the brown eyes of the goddess and with a quiver in her voice repeated, "What do you wish for me to do?"

With a voice just above the faintest of whispers Chuang-Mu replied, "You have such soft skin...priviledged skin." The goddess slowly shimmied out of moria's loose grip, and bent down ever so slighty and took in Moria's left nipple, suckling the plump hardness and nipping, each time Moria sucked in her breath and exhaled in a low groan. Chuang-Mu moved her left hand around Moria's knee and slid along to the ankle. Chuang-Mu released the nipple and let her tongue roll across to Moria's right breast; the goddess could feel Moria's trembling anticipation. Without looking up and between flicks of her tongue on the right nipple, Chuang-Mu purred, "Such lovely skin, and your foot is so slim and lithe..." Chuang-Mu straightened up and looked into Moria's eyes and with a lurid tone said, "Baby, I know you want to foot me, so come on baby foot me good and hard. I'll be your squishy mud that you can play for as long as you want in"

Boadicea stepped from her position behind Moria, moved to the human vessel's right side and knelt beside her, she let her left hand slide around the wetness that she had left on the woman's bare back.Moria bristled at the more specific touch than the wide swathe that Boadicea's soft vaginal lips had left. With each inch that the spirit's finger moved, the more Moria knew that she couldn't deny the pulsating yearning that echoed in her mind from her vaginal walls. 

Moria looked at boadicea, then at Chuang-Mu, then set her eyes upon the ground between the two woman. "I want you both," she said, just above a whisper. 

Boadicea lifted up Moria's face with a finger along the woman's chin and brought her eyes to hers. "So you shall," Boadicea said with uncharacteristic kindness; all her mortal and immortal life she had taken what she wanted, but today it was given freely. She would relish this fully, though she would never admit that she saw this as anything but a release of long pent up sexual energy. Boadicea then leaned over and brought her lips onto Moria's. It was a long and slow kiss; there was no rush, no worry that a push was necessary, it was just her tongue exploring a lover's mouth- to feel the texture, to taste the other's saliva, to smell the other's excitement. Moria's right arm moved up and embraced Boadicea's loosely around Boadicea's waist, her fingers moving back and forth along the spirit's side. Boadicea's other hand slithered down to Moria's pubic mound and began to strafe and rub Moria's clit and just along the inside of her vulva -- Moria began to move her hips back and forth to meet Boadicea's down ward strokes, the throbbing deep within her vaginal walls quickly warming her sexed flesh chamber to receive guests.

Chuang-Mu leaned over and ran her tongue along the outline of Moria's left breast, circling inward as her hand reached and fondled the human vessel's ass cheek and the heel it rested upon. Moria responded by placing her left hand on the goddess's back and began to lightly stroke back and forth along the spinal cord, but as Chuang-Mu's lips and tongue closed in on her already aching nipple, the measured strokes became harder, more urgent. When the goddess's lips suckled in Moria's hard plump nipple, her fingers curled and she began to leave faint red traces of her fingernails in the goddess's back. The tingle of pain increased Chuang-Mu's want of the woman, she opened her mouth wide to engulf as much of Moria's breast that she could. 

Moria moaned into Boadicea's mouth with every harsh flick of Chuang-Mu's tongue along the sides of her nipple. Chuang-Mu broke her suction and straightened up her back, grabbed Moria's hair and brought her lips to hers, her tongue lashing relentlessly inside Moria's mouth. Boadicea leaned back down, bringing her legs from underneath her out, resting on one elbow, her other hand free to roam her moist pussy as she watched ravenously as the goddess took the woman with no gentleness. She began to run her palm over her pubic mound, her middle finger hooking her clit with each downward pass.

Chuang-Mu forced Moria from her kneeling position onto her back on the grass. She held the girl's wrists to the grassy fuck mattress with her hands, Moria's only movement would be her hips and her neck; that's all the goddess wanted. 

The goddess began to grind her vaginal folds into Moria's' the pressure and the warmth of the goddess ignited the embers of want that Moria held -- the hardness of the goddess's nipples against her own skin fanned the lustful flames higher. Moria grunted from the roughness, but didn't resist and found herself exploring Chuang-Mu's mouth with her tongue as violently as the goddess was hers. Moria's hands found the goddess's firm buttocks and she curled her fingers around the mounds and found herself pumping the goddess harder and faster into her. 

Moria could feel her clit straining from it's protective cloak, engorged and raw with nerves wanting to be touched; the goddess's grinding served Moria's wish, tickling the knobbish flesh with it's moist warm kisses and caresses. With each thrust, each of the woman's outer lips slashed deeper into the other's inner walls, sending explosions from the nerve endings to render even more gyration of their hips, each hungrily wanting the other deeper within. Moria's mind reeled as she realized that one of the largest bursts of sensation came from Chuang-Mu's own large clit, slick from both her juices and the goddess's own momentarily swirling her own.

"Uhhhh," Moria said between short hard kisses, "You've got such a fucking nice big clitty....fuck it feels soooo goooodddd....."

Chuang-Mu pulled back from Moria and smiled. The vessel snapped her eyes snapped open and as her lip quivered she pleaded, "D-don't s-stop, p-please."

The goddess licked Moria's wetness from her lips and answered, "Oh, I'm not stopping, young one." Chuang-Mu closed her eyes and grunted. Moria looked at the woman who began to shake, her back arching out and then in, she looked as if she was in the throes of a seizure, Moria thought, suddenly becoming concerned. 

Chuang-Mu flashed her eyes open, the blackness of her pupils startled Moria. With a lurid grin, showing her eyeteeth the goddess told the vessel not to look at her face but cast her gaze through her arms, down her chest and the surprise she wanted to give her. Moria could see that the goddess's sex region now glowed with a golden colour. Moria looked back up to Chuang-Mu's black orbed eyes, unsure, questioningly.

As an answer, the goddess stood up, walked over and with her hand shoved Moria's face hard against the glowing flesh. "Taste and you will discover," the goddess purred as the softness of the human vessel's lips and hardness of her nose caused waves of pleasure to surge and release themselves to her very core. 

Moria did as she was bade to do. Her tongue rolled along the sides of the goddess's pink folds, tasting and feeling the spongy smoothness. She brought her face up, letting her tongue find the clitoral hood. Noisily she sucked on along the outer edge, slurping up the goddess's excitement that had hidden itself, a sweet treasure to be found and let her tongue flick the engorged clit with reckless abandonment. Moria felt Chuang-Mu shudder at her tonguey caress and probes; it excited her to know that a being such as the goddess could be pleasured by her. Fueled by her growing lust Moria took the clit between her lips and sucked while with her chin she strafed the goddess's perineum with each suckling motion of her jaw.

Moria felt the bulbous clit as it seemed to swell even larger as she nibbled and hummed its tip as her lips surrounded it. She thought she was imagining things; there was only a certain amount of engorgement a clit would do. She heard the goddess give a pleasurous sigh and say, "For you" as the lithe hands of the goddess slid through Moria's hair. Moria purred and realized that the immortal clit was pushing not only her lips wider apart, but the pressure of it against her teeth was pushing her head back as well.

Moria's mouth popped off as her hands planted themselves firmly on the grass. Chuang-Mu released her hold on the back of her head. Moria watched hypnotically as the moisture laden immortal clit of the goddess began to lengthen and thicken with every pulsation it did. If quickly reached ten inches as Moria gasped; Chuang-Mu willed her clit to remain where it was -- any larger and it wouldn't be excitement from the woman but fear.

Moria's throat dried as the clitoral shaft bobbed teasingly in front of her mouth. Chung-Mu could feel the human vessel's hot breath on the tip of her clit, it ran through the length and straight to her ass hole, causing a quiver through out the way. Moria timidly ran her fingertips down the shaft, it twitched and the goddess moaned. She opened her mouth wide and slowly began to swallow the womanly rod. 

The Goddess shook in pleasure from the moist warmth that surrounded her sensitive tip; each nerve cell exploded with tingles; her juices began to flow from their ducts down past her pussy lips and trickle down her inner thigh and leg. Chuang-Mu had to force herself not to follow the impulse to grab Moria's hair and deeply impale the woman's throat with her throbbing clit.

Moria licked, sucked, nibbled, hummed and stroked with one hand the massive clitoral cock as her other hand worked rubbing and fingering the goddess's vaginal walls that were as slick as a newly watered ice rink -- allowing Moria's fingers to skate easily along the soft flesh of the goddess's sex. Chuang-Mu struggled the urge to buck her hips into the woman's face, instead transfering her desire to ram into rough caresses of Moria's hair. Soon the tingling bursts of pleasure began to lesson as the goddess's clit started to become de-sensatized to the constant attention. 

Chung-Mu brought her hips back and pushed the woman's mouth from her clit and got on her knees. "I'm going to fuck you with my clit," the goddess said in a growl, "I'm going to fuck you harder than you've ever been fucked before...do you want that?"

Moria laid down and spread her legs. She placed her hands around her vaginal lips and pulled them back to give the goddess a view of the slew like innards of her pussy -- she was so horny and wet that she wanted to feel that clit in her. "Oh please, goddess," Moria whimpered, trying to stretch her lips even further apart without taking her eyes off the weaving back and forth pink woman missle.

Chuang-Mu moved her body in close to Moria's, her own pussy rubbed the human vessels. Fuck, the goddess thought to herself, the temptation to just stay like that and let her vaginal folds caress the inner lips of Moria was strong but the raging beat of her clit tip made her decision; she backed off a bit and then bent over, her tip rested just on the outside rim of Moria's gurgling pussy well.

"How's that feel?" the goddess asked the woman, "Will it do for your cock hungry cunt?"

"Ohhhhh," Moria moaned as the clit made small circles on her senstive sheaths of pinkish flesh, "My cunt wants only you, my goddess...take me....fuck me like no man can....fill me...."

The goddess smiled, gave moria a hard kiss as she guided her swollen clit into the ocean of moria's juices and let it sink slowly to her bottom. Moria gave a gutteral groan and kissed the goddess back hard, nipping the immortal's bottom lip.

"Fuck me like the whore you are!" Moria screamed and began to ram her hips up and down the still goddess. The girth and length stretched Moria more than she had ever been before, the initial pain and surprise gave her more resolve and energy, she knew she would never feel this ever again and relished selfishly in all that the goddess could give. Chuang-Mu lasted for a few moments then began to thrust herself to match the human vessel's own.
