 There was a heavy knock on the metal door. A female voice echoed through and into the metal room inside.

"Hart? Corporal Hart? I'm coming in."

The door slid open, and a slender woman of about thirty walked into the small, dark quarters inside. Her dark brown hair was tied neatly up, and bobbed above the collar of her uniform shirt as she stepped in. Feeling up and down the wall, she found a small switch, which she flipped up. A fluorescent light flickered on, and metal window blinds rotated out, flooding the small room with light. On the opposite wall, a mess of sheets concealed the still sleeping soldier as he tossed and turned. The woman leaned down and shook him gently by the shoulder, calling out again.

"Reveille, Corporal Hart..."

She grew annoyed, and pulled him roughly, sending him tumbling out of bed onto the cold floor. His eyes opened slowly, and a look of terror filled his eyes as he saw who had woken him. He jumped up, and came to attention as he sounded off quite loudly.

"Room, attention! Good morning, Ma'am!"

She put her hands on her hips, and cocked her head at him.

"Could've used that a few minutes ago, Corporal," she said, using his rank condescendingly. 

"It won't happen again, Ma'am!"

"...right. I need you down in room 247 in ten minutes. Uniform of the Day is Class C. Carry out the Plan of the Day." She put up a salute as she reported his orders.

He returned the salute and acknowledged her.

"Yes, Ma'am."

She turned to leave, and the sunlight from the window glinted off the two silver bars on her lapel. Looking over her shoulder as she walked out the door, she smirked at him.

"And Corporal Hart, don't show up looking like...like that," she said, looking down at his waist.

His door closed automatically, and Hart sat down on his rack, sighing heavily. He looked down at his waist, but already knew what the problem was. Having just woken up, it hadn't had time to subside. He imagined replying to her as she turned, how it could have been.

"It's only natural, Ma'am... It's partially your fault, Ma'am... I could use your help in dealing with it, Ma'am..."

He realized he'd been talking to himself, and felt foolish. With a minute or two to spare, he laid back on his rack, imagining her again. Her body was slim, but her ass was perfect... and in her uniform pants, it was almost too much. He sighed again as he closed his eyes for another moment, visualizing the stunning officer one more time, seeing her ass work back and forth as she'd walked away a moment before.

"Captain Hunter, you are just way too sexy to be a Company Commander... I wonder how you got that rank and billet... With that ass, you'll make Major in no time..."

*************************

A few minutes later, Corporal Hart slid open the door to room 247, and was met with a shocking sight. Within, computer terminals formed tiers coming up and away from large glass windows in the opposite walls; twenty-five enlisted occupied as many stations, with five others moving about hastily between. They wore different uniforms though, and Hart was unsure how to respond. Normally he would report to his Chain of Command, but here he knew no one to which to report. He simply stood there as the room bustled around him until a loud voice called out to him.

"You! Corporal in the Class C's! Get over here!"

He looked up, and saw who had called him out. A woman of similar age to his Company Commander stood in the middle of the room, but also in the strange new uniform. Her hair was jet black and cropped short, falling straight and hanging over her high, close collar. She wore rectangular, rimless glasses which reflected white glare from the computer screens as she moved, walking towards Hart deliberately. Hart's eyes instinctively snapped on to the woman's collar, then sleeves, but could not find any rank. On her. In fact, her uniform looked bare except for a nametag and unit insignia. The tag read 'von Schwendi,' and the insignia bore the silhouette of an old oil lamp in the archway of a castle gate, crossed behind by swords.

"Are you Hart?"

"Guilty, Ma'am," he said cheerfully. 

Though it was easier talking with civilian women, this one had an accent that threw him off a little.

"Then take this." 

She thrust a thick book up into his field of vision, with large bold text across its cover.

"Standard... this isn't English, is it..."

"Standardarbeitsanweisung der 2 Militärzergliederungdivision, Geschlechtlich Bataillon. It's in German, Corporal Hart."

"Is there...an English translation, miss..."

"Von Schwendi. And yes, though I daresay the title loses its elegance in your language." She thrust another book in his face, with a title in English. Hart read it aloud.

"Standard Operating Procedures of the 2nd Military Anatomy Division, Sexual Battalion? What's this about?"

The woman dropped it into his hands as she turned and walked towards a nearby door. She took a white lab coat from a hook on the wall.

"Come with me; we've got some questions for you..."

A moment later, Hart found himself in a sterile white room, sitting opposite von Schwendi at a metal table. Her gaze seemed to bore into his eyes as she sat silently. He glanced behind her for a moment, at a blacked-out bank of windows. He couldn't shake the fact that he was being watched from back there, too.

Behind the glass, three technicians typed furiously at their computer terminals, analyzing data streaming in from the adjacent room. Cameras relayed extreme-close-up views of Hart's eyes as they darted around, trembling slightly. Other instruments measured his brain activity, pulse, circulation, and breathing through sensors in his uniform. They relayed information to von Schwendi, which appeared as a heads-up display on the left lens of her glasses. She took note of it, and smirked at Hart.

"Corporal Hart, have you read und do you understand the Standard Operation Procedures?"

"I... Not yet, I've only had a few minutes. What's this about? Why did you send for me?"

"Well, apparently, you've got a very high...er...wie sagt man...a high latent carnal force."

"Carnal force? Like...libido?"

"Quite so. We require someone whose desires will push him into our employ. The average person wouldn't be so...excited over this line of work."

Hart blinked twice, trying to absorb what was being said.

"I'm afraid I don't follow you."

"Just as an infantry unit requires someone who is not afraid to take a life, this requires someone who ist not afraid to undergo risk to experience certain...pleasures."

As her voice turned low and suggestive, Hart began to look lower on von Schwendi's body, noticing her curves. Though partially covered by her white coat, he could clearly see how her ample chest strained at the tight uniform, and how thin her waist was below. She narrowed her eyes as new numbers flashed across her lens.

"I'm noticing some new developments, Corporal Hart... Are you feeling alright?"

"I'm fine, why do you..." His view was getting him hard very quick; this had always been a problem for him. His sexy Company Commander, this busty German scientist...he'd been embarrassed by his body's natural reactions every step of his military career. His face went red, and his hands flew to his lap to cover his growing problem.

"Can we just...move on, miss von Schwendi?"

"Certainly. All I can tell you for now is that this work we're doing is going to change the face of warfare as we know it. Take the SOP back to your quarters, and come back tomorrow morning, 0800."

"Understood."

Back in his quarters, Hart sat down on his rack and opened the manual. Searching through the table of contents, it seemed at first to be a pretty unremarkable SOP. He read the chapters aloud as he went down the list.

"Chain of Command...Administration...Operations...Discipline...Contingency Plans... Let's check out 'Operations'..."

He flipped to a random page within the chapter, and read aloud.

"...let's see...'While a fire team or even squad is 

ideal, the AOE can be entered with as few as one diver. A minimum of two is usually preferred for increased safety and communication purposes...' What's a 'diver?' what are we diving in? I'm gonna need to talk to von Schwendi tomorrow morning."

He flopped onto his back, and let the SOP fall onto the floor as he sighed one last time before drifting quickly to sleep.

*************************

Morning sunlight streamed in through Hart's open blinds as he tossed and turned in bed, not wanting to wake up. However, he sat up immediately as a sharp knock came from his door. As it opened, Captain Hunter stood in the doorway, arms crossed in front of her chest. She stepped in, and Hart jumped up, calling the room to attention. She walked around the small room, spot-checking Hart's quarters as he stood at attention. She picked up von Schwendi's SOP, flipped through its pages, and tossed it back to the floor.

"So Hart, they chose you after all. Congratulations."

"Thank you, Ma'am, though I still don't know what it is they're doing."

She turned around sharply, and got in his face.

"Do you need me to spell it out for you?"

"Ma'am?"

She smirked and uncrossed her arms, putting her hands on her hips as she began to pace in front of Hart.

"Corporal Hart, what's the one thing women are not allowed to do in military service?"

"er...Comb--"

"Combat Arms, yes. And do you know why?"

"Command thinks they're...not suited for it?"

"We're sensitive, Hart."

"Sensitive, Ma'am?"

"Yeah. Sensitive..."

As she said that last word, she took hold of Hart's tense right hand, and placed it on her side.

"Go on Corporal, find out what I mean. See how sensitive the female body is..."

Slowly and hesitantly at first, Hart moved his hand back and forth on her side, and found her to be very responsive. He moved his hand down onto her ass, grabbing it with his whole hand. He began to feel light-headed, finally touching that part he'd thought about for so long. Hunter started to moan, and Hart moved his hand around to the front, rubbing up and down her soft mound through her uniform pants. He could feel the heat coming off her body, and was about to go farther when Hunter took hold of his hand and put it back at his side. He saw her cheeks blushing, and heard her heavy breathing as she looked up at his nervous smiling face.

"Eyes front, Corporal Hart," she said with a smirk, disappearing from his peripheral vision as she dropped to her knees in front of him, working at his belt and zipper.

"Ma'am, this is--"

"Fraternization? Who're you going to report it to? Your Company Commander? Because I don't think that'll do much good."

"..."

"Stay still, Hart. That's an order."

She freed his member from his trousers, and took its length in her hand, rubbing it back and forth as it stiffened in her grasp. She licked it along the side as she stroked faster, and looked up at Hart's strained face. Slowly she took its length into her mouth, until she was taking his whole shaft on every stroke. Grabbing onto Hart's hips for extra leverage, she moved faster and faster until he was almost ready to explode. She withdrew, taking his now glistening cock into her hand and stroking faster than ever. She pressed the head into her cheek as she looked up at Hart with wide eyes.

"See Corporal Hart, your CO's pretty gung-ho about these things. That's why they assigned me to the new anatomy division, sexual battalion."

"Yes, Ma'am."

"So, you wanna cum all over your CO's face, or do you wanna hear about my credentials some more?"

"Please, let me, Ma'am..."

Captain Hunter sped up her strokes, twisting her slick hand as she went. After only a moment, Hart gave one final groan, and let go onto her face. She kept stroking as he let string after string of thick semen fly onto her face, across her cheeks, onto her lips, and past her eyes onto her forehead. He looked down at her face, and saw her look up at him with wide eyes as she began to gather the cum onto her left hand and lick it up.

"Ma'am, you don't have to--"

"But I want to, Hart... It's so thick! You haven't had a good release in a while, have you Hart?"

"I...haven't."

"Thanks for the honesty, Hart, but you need to get ready. Doctor von Schwendi is waiting for you."

"But...but what is my job there? No one's told me anything!"

Captain Hunter stood up, and took a tissue from Hart's desk. She began to clean off more thoroughly.

"Look, I told you women are sensitive, right? You're going to explore the female body, to collect information and deduce whether or not we're actually suited for combat! You'll be getting data for research on their physical reflexes and capabilities, psychological processes, and emotional stability."

"Explore the body? From the inside? That's impossible, Ma'am."

"You don't know Dr. von Schwendi, Hart. She's a very capable scientist, and I trust she knows what she's doing."

*************************

Hart stood up suddenly, pushing his chair over doing so. Slamming one hand down on the table in a tight fist, he looked up at von Schwendi across the metal table. The doctor simply sipped at a small cup of coffee, replacing on a thin saucer before looking back up at the enraged Corporal.

"You've read the SOP, nicht? Why so surprised, Corporal Hart?"

His fist trembled on the table as he replied.

"Deception! How could you just gloss over this? Maybe I should've been told a little earlier..."

"It's perfectly safe, Corporal Hart. Well, as safe as your average combat arms role."

"But...I've never...that's science fiction, Doctor!"

A door in the stark white wall opened suddenly, and a technician stepped in quietly.

"Doctor, the subject is ready," the young female tech said softly.

"Very well. Hart, you just need to follow our directions. Will you assist us?"

"...I don't know..."

The door opened quickly, and Captain Hunter walked in, skirting around the tech and coming up close to Hart.

"You know Hart, it pays very well... And you'll still have the same CO..."

"...alright. Tell me what I have to do."

*************************

Fifteen minutes later, Hart stepped into yet another stark white room, this one outfitted with a complex operating table. Corporal Hart stepped in, followed by von Schwendi and the same young technician from before. She pulled a plastic bag from a large box on the floor, and handed it off to von Schwendi, who tossed it at Hart.

"Put this on."

Hart unzipped the bag, and held its contents at arm's length: a rubbery synthetic black bodysuit. He looked over the suit's collar, raising an eyebrow to von Schwendi.

"You can't be serious, doctor."

"This is simply to keep you safe, Corporal Hart. Put it on so we can begin, ja?"

"...Here?"

His eyes darted between the suit, von Schwendi, and the young female technician, the latter two looking to him expectantly. Acquiescing after a moment, he walked to the corner of the room, and began undressing. With little ceremony he let his uniform fall to the floor as he shed it, and stepped into the new suit. It wasn't as tight as he's expected, and it seemed to hang loosely off of his body as he pulled the zipper up his right side. Von Schwendi then approached him, and reached for his wrists.

"Good, but you haven't yet sealed it. This is very important, and you'll soon need to do it yourself, so pass auf; pay attention."

She took hold of the hard plastic cuffs of the suit, and twisted them clockwise until a small click echoed through the bare room. Doing the same with the other wrist, she asked Hart if he understood the process.

"Yeah. Clockwise. Got it."

Usually he would have been more articulate, but he'd become distracted; von Schwendi had dropped to her knees, and was carrying out the same process on his ankles, where the suit had another cuff separating the leg from a sort of boot. As she crouched back onto the balls of her feet, Hart caught a glimpse of white from under her short uniform skirt, and felt himself beginning to react. Doctor von Schwendi's glasses lit up, showing her Hart's as of yet invisible response, but did nothing to stop it. She leaned in closer, letting her breasts push forward past her open lab coat. Hart saw her tight shirt, how her bust tried so hard to pull it apart, how the buttons strained, begging to be released...

As he stayed transfixed on von Schwendi's chest, he hardly noticed as the technician moved quietly behind him and reached around to his front, both hands wrapped around a disc set into the chest of the suit. She spoke softly as she gripped the disc, speaking to von Schwendi, who still knelt at Hart's feet.

"Ready to lock, Ma'am."

"Very well."

She looked up at Hart, smiling. 

"We're going to seal the suit, Corporal Hart. This may feel...a little...merkwürdig. Try to relax."

She nodded, and the technician rotated the disc clockwise. There was a low hiss as the suit seemed to pull out all the air within it with a sort of vacuum. Immediately Corporal Hart's face went red, as von Schwendi looked up with a sly smile, and the young tech uttered a small gasp. With the suit suddenly clinging to every facet of his body, it became apparent to the two women how excited Hart had become. Standing straight up along his stomach, von Schwendi could see every detail of his erect penis as it throbbed under the pressure. The technician looked over Hart's shoulder, and gulped as she saw the outline of his organ.

Hart tried to pull away from the technician's grip, but as he did so, an intense feeling suddenly coursed through his body. Moving even the slightest bit caused his cock to rub against the smooth inside of the suit, sending a wave of unintended pleasure through his body. He uttered an accidental moan, quickly stopping himself, but it was too late.

"Hold him in place, Private Fournier."

"Yes, Ma'am." 

She tightened her grip around Hart's chest, and he felt her push her thin, soft body into his back as she held him tight. She spoke softly into his ear, sounding reluctant.

"I'm sorry, Corporal Hart... Please, don't move; she'll be done soon."

"Private Four--ngh...ahh..." His words left him as von Schwendi laid her fingers lightly on the underside of his cock, gently gliding back and forth his length.

"Corporal Hart, you're so hard under there... Does it feel good, my fingers and the suit rubbing you? It's alright to give in, ja? We need to gauge your sensitivity, so don't resist the feeling, or you'll skew our data."

"But this is... Doctor, I--ahh..."

He looked over his right shoulder, and saw Private Fournier's face, nuzzled down into his shoulder and blushing heavily as she spoke.

"Corporal Hart, I'm sorry we have to put you through this..."

Von Schwendi looked up from her work, and smirked at Fournier sadistically.

"Don't say that, Private; not when you're so into it yourself... Why don't you show Corporal Hart how you really feel?"

Hart felt Fournier's hands travel down his torso, and glide over his cock, barely making contact. She let her fingers travel all over his sensitive head, reluctantly at first, but increasing the pressure until she was cupping his length in her hand, stroking up and down with vigor.

"Look at her go! It must feel very good, Corporal Hart; you've stopped speaking, are you that overcome by the feeling?"

A small wet spot started to appear at the tip of his cock, precum soaking through the stretched material as he grew closer to his inevitable climax. Picking up on the new development, von Schwendi reached out, and began tweaking her finger on the spot, pushing down into the soft head and teasing his leaking hole as it continued to let out a steady flow of precum. He'd never had that done to him before, and it was slowly driving him crazy as new feelings washed over his cock, and through his whole body. Slowly, he felt his cum boiling inside him, rising until he couldn't stand it anymore. Von Schwendi continued to tease his head as she smiled up at him, acting facetiously concerned
