 Breon awoke in a cold dark room. Groggily, he moved his hands to hold his aching head only to realize that they were bound. As he gradually came to full awareness, he observed his surroundings. He was in a small cell around three meters by three meters, empty but for a table in the center, and a small window through which minimal sunlight filtered through. He stood against the wall in a loincloth with his legs spread apart shoulder-width and ankles cuffed to the wall. His hands were splayed out and his wrists were likewise cuffed to the wall. Slowly, his memory flooded back.

Breon was an elite warrior from the brown bear tribe. Just a day ago, he had led a successful raid on a storehouse belonging to the lord of a neighboring town and plundered a hoard of gold and jewels. He remembered how his raiding party had gotten drunk at the tavern while reveling in their success, when he caught sight of her.

She was a petite young girl of no more than 20. Her clear blue eyes which shone beneath her striking eyebrows had captured Breon's attention. As he admired the way her luscious wavy brown hair flowed past her shoulders, he was reminded of how long he had been away from his tribe for, and how long it had been since he had last felt the soft flesh of a girl. It was then that he felt a stirring in his loins, and the overwhelming desire to take her.

He remembered buying her a round of drinks and taking her back to his room. The way he towered over her, a muscular 6-feet tall warrior in his furs compared to the 4'11'' beauty draped in her turquoise silk dress. He remembered caressing her soft neck while covering her delicate lips with his own. He remembered how he had peeled her dress off her fair slim shoulders to reveal her beautifully formed young breasts. He felt his manhood harden, causing an uncomfortable tightness in his loincloth. Suddenly, the cell door unlocked with a click.

***************

Harriet was in the employ of the lord of Rocharberg. She had grown up as a street urchin, surviving only on her wit and cunning. It was when she was caught trying to steal from the lord that he had taken a liking to her, and brought her into his manor. Since then, her childhood-acquired street smarts had proven to be of immense use to her lord.

Harriet opened the door of the cell containing the huge barbarian, and stepped in. Despite his uncultured looks, she actually found him to be attractive. The way his unkempt dark hair swept across his face and the way his trained body rippled with muscles was enough to make any girl go weak. As Harriet approached him, she could feel his piercing stare on her. She knew that he was mentally undressing her, picturing himself forcefully grabbing her lean body and thrusting his male organ deep inside her. She felt her nipples stiffening as well as an all too familiar wetness between her legs. As she shifted her gaze downwards, the large tent in his loincloth confirmed all her previous suspicions.

Harriet gently cupped the barbarian's chin, and lifted his head from ogling her breasts to meet her eyes.

"How's my dear barbarian doing? Breon's the name, wasn't it? Hopefully the sleeping poison wasn't too strong for you. You know, I'd really wanted to spend the night with you, but unfortunately I've got business to attend too."

Breon was unusually intelligent for a barbarian, and he immediately realized what had happened. He had outwitted by this wrench and had fallen into the hands of the lord of Rocharberg. He gave a growl of frustration at all his previous good work having been undone. She moved in towards him, and her stomach grazed against the tip of his erect manhood. His body gave a slight shudder.

"So, how long do you think it will take for me to find out where you hid the stash? The chief goaler bets me two hours, but I think I can do it in one!"

Breon remained silent, but his mouth twisted into a smirk. In one swift motion, Harriet stripped off his loincloth, revealing his stunning 7 inch penis. It stood majestically erect, a drop of precum glistening on the tip. Breon's eyes was fixed on Harriet's bosom - the figure hugging white court dress she was wearing left nothing to the imagination. He groaned as he strained forward against the cuffs that bound him, rubbing his manhood against the soft silk of Harriet's outfit. All he could think of in his mind was throwing her down on the floor and making her scream as he had his way with her.

Harriet gave a soft giggle as her fingers reached down to stroke Breon's testicles. Her electrifying touch had sent a twitch of excitement through the barbarian's body, and she could tell that he was expecting her to finish him. But Harriet had other plans. Without warning, her soft caress changed into a vice grip. Catching one testicle in each palm, she squeezed with her full might.

An indescribable pain shot through Breon's crotch. He opened his mouth to scream, but no sound came out. Never had Breon gone through such an experience before. He had fought many victorious battles in which he had been wounded in different ways. He had been stabbed, slashed, had bones broken, and he was always manly enough to take the pain in stride and continue fighting on. But this was different. The soft girl in front of him, whose neck he could snap with one hand, was crushing his balls to mush. Her dainty little hands, smooth and gentle to the touch, had the power to destroy his exposed and unprotected family jewels. It was unexpected. It was astonishing. It was humiliating.

Harriet giggle in pleasure as she continued squeezing and kneading his testicles, occasionally digging in her thumbnails. She swayed her body, rubbing her thighs against each other, causing the sensation of sexual pleasure to coarse through her body. Abruptly, she changed tact. Her hands reached beneath his splayed out arms to grab his shoulders from behind, and she began ramming her knee into his tender testicles.

Each time her knee went up, a waves of crushing pain overwhelmed Breon. A mighty barbarian capable of taking on five able men at once was having his manhood destroyed by a demure girl. It was ironic and humiliating. At this point, Breon made his decision. He did not care about the riches anymore. He could always regain them in future. But he did not want his manhood taken away from him. To no longer be able to bed women for pleasure, to no longer be able to have children, to no longer be a real man. No, that was too much punishment. He would rather die than suffer that!

"Stop! I Yield!" Brever shrieked in a quavering, almost pleading voice. Harriet ceased her assault and looked up at him with a coy smile. "The treasure is hidden in the bog behind the lord's manor." he said in the most stable voice he could muster, staring into the eyes of the alluring young girl who was moments away from fully castrating him. His large penis hung limp against her silk dress, and his aching balls throbbed with pain.

"Oh? Then we shall see if you told the truth. If you didn't, there will be no chances this time." Harriet said as she softly stroked his neck and tiptoed, bringing her lips to his left ear. "But for now, we have another business to finish."

Harriet turned around to drag the table towards Breon. The sight of her swaying hips and cute round butt straining against her tight dress was enough to get him hard again. Strangely, he felt no hatred for this girl who had so completely defeated and humiliated him. Rather, he felt a burning, uncontrollable desire to sexually possess her.

Harriet shifted the table three inches in front of Breon. She sat on the table facing him, her knees bent and straddling his torso. In this position, her dress fell back onto her stomach, revealing her pink panties to the barbarian. With one hand, she pulled the center strip of her panties aside, and with the other, she guided the barbarian's huge throbbing manhood inside her.

"Take me!" Harriet half begged and half moaned. Although Breon's wrists and ankles were chained to the wall, he still had the mobility to thrust his crotch forward. He found the girl to be already wet and fully aroused as he entered her. Harriet slid in towards him to ensure that he could penetrate her with the full length of his penis. She shuddered as she felt his warm hardness part her labia, and fill her insides. Breon began to thrust back and forth in a constant motion, eliciting moans from the girl, who leaned back, supporting herself in a sitting position with her hands pressed against the table.

Although he was the one sexually penetrating her, Breon did not feel dominant. The still fully clothed girl in front of him had moments ago been on the brink of removing his maleness forever. This time, he knew he had been defeated. He had lost his hard-earned wealth to her, and had succumbed to her sexual domination. But he had a burning desire to win her, dominate her, and make her his slave. Oh, what he would do to her then!

Harriet lay back on the table with her knees still straddling the barbarian's torso, and his hard cock thrusting inside her. Her left hand played with her left breast, while her right hand reach into her panties to gently rub her clitoris. She had numerous flings before, but it was different this time. The barbarian's was the largest penis which had ever entered her, and she greatly savored the look of defeat on his face. She knew she had the power to take away his manhood, as well as the power to arouse and sexually satisfy him. She began rubbing herself more intensely as the barbarian began thrusting harder and faster. The familiar tingling grew stronger, and she went over the edge.

"I'm coming!" Harriet screamed as she climaxed. Waves of orgasmic pleasure rippled through her body in pulses as she writhed about on the table in blissful gratification. A few moments later, the barbarian let out a loud moan and his body tensed. Harriet withdrew his dick from her just in time, as it started spewing semen all over her dress. She maintained a gentle tugging motion on the barbarian's penis as he strained against his cuffs, twitched a few times, then slumped back against the wall.

"Wow, that was great!" Harriet exclaimed as she cleaned up her dress with her handkerchief and shifted the table to its original position. "We'll see what the lord wants to do with you after we've retrieved the treasure" she said as she replaced the loincloth over his penis and still softly aching testicles. "But if it's not there..." she winked at him, blew him a kiss, and sashayed out of the cell.

Breon stared forlornly as the petite girl exited. It was the first time he had lost to anyone. He wanted revenge. But he did not want to kill her. He wanted to possess her and make her do his bidding. He gave a guttural sigh as she gently closed the cell's door, locked it, and left, leaving him to simmer in his post-orgasmic pleasure and aching balls, pondering about what punishment the lord had in store for him.