 AS ADVISED it's longer and edited by nthusiastic, and the opening monolouge left off.. On with the story.

*****

Glancing up from my coffee, the same look of disgust is written on the face of every women in the room. Even Gilda tied to the table stares horrified in my direction. I realized quickly that I didn't take into account the local views on death and the after life in this part of the world. I sighed, "I need a body to replace Gilda. So I can incinerate it. Don't think I want to know what you ladies were thinking." 

"That you are some weird necro-feelumup," Liz tries whispering to Nix. Cross burst into laughter, so much so she staggers to fall on the bed holding her sides. The tone of their expressions soften and the room returns to a more relaxed state. 

"So I can get a corpse?" I ask. "I would rather not waste a pleasing fuck toy if I don't have to." 

"What do you mean by that?" Valkyrie asks. 

"She tried to kill me, failed, and was captured. Her Life is mine, no contract. She has done nothing to warrant your involvement." 

"She is a Vale trainee, I'm Involved." 

"And you acknowledged my status as Consort, so where does that put me in the levels of political authority?" 

"You can't pull that card unless the Crown grants you those rights and privileges."

"She stole from Vilkirk, death. She wielded a powder weapon, death. He is gearing up as we speak to make that..." pointing at the gun, "all about you. This is me trying not to fuck up your plan. She needs to be put to death right under his nose and not die. So get me a dead body then make yourself an alibi." 

"Is it weird this is turning me on?" Blank whispers to Cross. 

Val snaps her gaze at the scribe, "It'll take an hour. But you'll get one." 

"Keep another one on stand by, just in case," I added. 

"And her?" Val asks pointing at Gilda. 

"Better if you didn't know."

The ladies gave me suspicious glances but said nothing. Once Valkyrie left I set Blank to rifling the spell books for a polymorph spell, sent Liz and Cross out to gather up on as many candles as they could get their hands on, leaving Nix the task of freeing Gilda from her bondage to the table. 

"Gilda, you are mine now. Do you agree that I own you?" 

"Yes," she answered in barely a whisper. 

"I am about to go to great risk to safeguard your life; betray me and you'll wish I had let you die. However, serve me well, and I will free you after I feel you have earned it. Lastly, I am going find a way to return your sister to you. What say you to all of this?"

"I will serve you," she whimpered amid the surge of tears. "I will never betray you. If my sister is safe you could even kill me if you wished. Do whatever you want with me." 

"I think I found three different kinds of that spell, Master," Blank interjected.

"Set them on the table," I said. "Nix, get her something to eat then I'll need you to gather up some other alchemy items. I'll give you a list." I sat at the table and slid the top book in the pile in front of me. I scanned through the spells. It had a spell that would change a small woodland creature into a mount. Not usable for what I need, I pushed it aside. Opening the second reveals a peculiar spell, one that would alter the body of a subject to embody both genders. It doesn't list to what degree a person is changed in appearance, just that the individual would manifest both male and female sex organs. Hmmm ...

"We have the candles, now what?" Liz asks.

"Why is she up walking around?" Cross asks pointing at Gilda. 

"Candles over there on the table. Gilda, get on your knees in front of Cross and beg to suck her pussy."

Gilda scampers over, drops to her knees, "Oh please, may I suck your pussy. I will lick and tongue it for as long as you desire. Cum on my face. I will do it so good Master will know by how much you moan. Please, may I suck it, lick your..."

"Enough," I say loudly, "Her begging is turning me on. Any other concerns, Cross?"

Knock-knock-knock echo's up the stairwell. I raise a hand and go down to investigate. I see a large figure outside the back door. I open it to see Larry carrying a canvas wrapped body like a duffle bag. 

"You want dis?" he hisses as I open the door. 

"Yes, thank you' Larry." 

Setting it down, "You lucky dis not you." 

"I'm very sorry about that, I didn't know it was part of the school stuff."

"I no hold grudge, I glad you no use fire." 

"No problem, Larry, thank you for being so forgiving. For your order," I say offering him several gold coins. He accepts them with a nod and walks off into the night. 

"Cross!" I holler. 

Once the body is upstairs I set everyone to work. Wax gets melted, the body gets reshaped and prepared with sulfur and saltpeter. I animate it and have it dressed in Gilda's clothes. Setting the stage will take a little more planning. Sending Liz over to get Valkyrie I gear myself up for a head on confrontation with Vilkirk. Given the hour the chance of a large group of onlookers was slim. Liz signaled from across the street, Nix gave us the thumbs up. Blank heaved a small table through the window as I pulled the trigger on Vilkirk's gun. I toss it to Cross and start calling up a fireball. 

The corpse steps in front of the window and I blast it out the broken opening. The body catapults out of the window and bursts into flames almost instantly. Cross follows quickly after, Vilkirk's gun in hand, dragging three feet of broken chain from her collar. I walk to the hole of the window, looking down to the street. Vilkirk is already staring up at the second floor window. 

"Valkyrie! I think I found the Baron's missing gun," I yelled from the window. In Feral added, "If you really lost it." 

Cross drops the gun on the burning corpse, snarling at Vilkirk. I call her back up. She grabs the chain and whips the corpse with it a half dozen times, spitting on it before scaling the wall, and climbing back in the window. I sometime want a painting of the look on Valkyrie's face.

The scream from Anyta cut through the night like lightning. She tore herself from her father's grasp, and came running for the book store. 

I leaned out the window and zap her with a hold spell. "You're welcome," I heckle from the window. Turning back into the room, all the ladies are standing there with hands over their mouths trying not to laugh. A swirl of the Repair wand and the window is back to pristine condition. Room sealed, all of them cut loose with a chorus of laughter to rival any witches' coven. 

Show having been performed, I turn to Gilda. "You ready?" I ask. 

"I am yours to do with as you please." Not having access to exactly what I wanted, I settled on that gender-morph spell. Pooling magical energy I weave the glyphs and cast it on Gilda. She gasps then moans as an other worldly glow emanates from within her trembling form. The spell holds in my mind allowing me to make changes to Gilda. I darken the shade of her skin three times over, enhance her breasts twice over, and wash the color of all her hair to a golden wheat. The spell takes the rest out of my control. Gilda moans louder as the glow brightens, becoming harder to see. A flash has all of us blinking to readjust our eyesight. 

"You alright? How do you feel?" I ask. 

"She has a penis!" Liz exclaims. 

"What did that feel like?" Blank asks. 

Gilda looks down at the phallic appendage dangling there. She looks at the back of her arms, and crosses to look at herself in the mirror. Standing taller, she reaches up to feel the new fullness of her breasts. 

Blank and Cross step closer comparing themselves to Gilda's new rack. Nix and Liz stare, heads tilted at the wagging girl-dick.

"I said do what you wanted to me, but this never... and well." she stammers as she waves her hand over her male-ish part. 

"What does it feel like?" Blank inquires. 

"It doesn't feel wrong," she states, gingerly touching it with a quivering hand. 

"Don't play with it too much, wouldn't want you to go blind," I say barely holding back the laughter. 

"What?!" Gilda barks, raising her hands over her head. 

"Sorry," I snickered, "It's what some parents tell their kids to discourage masturbation. Not at all true." 

"That was funny, Master. Any other wisdom you'd care to impart?" Cross quips. 

"No, I apologize. It was a joke. One I never plan to use on my own children," I say putting my hands up in surrender. "I have also pushed myself too far with my magic use for one day. I need sleep and I feel it stalking me, whether I like it or not. I leave it to you ladies to help Gilda with her new parts and a new name. Don't let any happen while ..." falling heavily onto the bed on which I had planned to sit. 

The smell of food and girl sex drags my eyes open. The sun is glaring through the windows so brightly, I groan. A giggle beside me in the bed draws my attention. Lure cuddled at my side beams a smile at me before scooting away. "He's waking up." she announces to the room. 

"It's about time," Cross grumbles. 

"What, what... How long did I sleep? Not days, I hope," I moan. 

"It's half-noon. Valkyrie has been here every hour since sunrise," Blank informs me. "And your new slave has been properly instructed in house rules. Oasis, greet your Master." 

"Oasis..?" Gilda clicks in my brain. 

"Master, my blade and sheaths are yours. I am grateful to you for keeping me. I will serve you well." 

"Oasis? Is there a reason for this?" I ask the others. "Thanks, I am sure you will."

"She's a fountain. Squirts all over," Clue says climbing in the bed. "So you can do that to her, think you could undo my little issue? So you can, you know, with me?" 

"I told you I would, Liz." 

"Clue, Master, or did you want to call me something else?" 

"A meal, Master," Blank says setting the lap tray down. "Milk or juice, Master?" 

"Yes, both. So what is happening?" I inquire scarfing up food as if I haven't eaten in days. 

"Anyta has run off," Cross reports. "Valkyrie has dozens of people looking for her. Her scream of killing you both before field punting Petre's groin and diving out the window of the Inn have Val a little concerned. Vilkirk has made overtures of your execution for murder and illegal use of magic, harping on the magic much more venomously. Jack wants to hear your side of it. ASAP, his words." 

"Get the statue," I say to Clue, "Continue." 

Nix picks up from there, "The envoy brought a letter from HUM. I haven't opened it yet, but had intended to if you slept much longer. He is waiting a reply, three hours at most, storm clouds are riding the ridge, and will be here by 4 o'clock, Master." 

I take the waterproof case, "Thank you, Cross, Lure. Blank, more eggs, please. Oasis, please sit down and relax, you're making me nervous."

"Master," Clue says, handing me the statue. 

"Ok, ladies, showtime again. Right?" 

They giggle in response. 

Pulling the silence spell off, "Jack! How they hanging?" 

"What? Hanging?" the king's voice sounded flustered and there was the rustle of paper in the background. 

"For real, Jack? You need more leisure time." 

"Nameless, you better start explaining. What happened to the take-it-slow plan?"

"Vilkirk happened; he sent a women to kill me, with his own gun,mind you, after having brandished it at me earlier in the day."

"You killed her with hellfire from the reports I have heard." 

"She's not dead, it was the corpse of a local miner killed in a cave-in three days ago." 

"That's blasphemy!" 

"The spirit had a proper sending off; I compensated the family 25 gold for their permission. I also made sure he will be properly laid to rest on sacred ground. As to hellfire, it was a common wand cast fireball. The razzle-dazzle was enhanced alchemically." 

"I.. How.." he stammered. "There was a cleric willing to go along with this?" 

"Your privy is law, Jack. Doctrine is someone else's province." 

"Where is the woman now?"

"Say hi to Jack." 

"Hello Jack." Oasis says. 

"Can I ask you a few questions?" he asks. 

"Answer him truthfully. Here, take this," I say to Oasis, handing her the statue. I only half listen, gobbling down more eggs before pushing the tray to the side, and twisting the seal on the scroll case. Cross hands me a note, 'Anyta is down stairs'. I nod, waving Blank over, hand her the note, tilt my hand in a drinking motion. She nods.

"Jack? If you're done with the round robin questioning, I have other matters. We can pick this up later, fine with you?"

"I guess so.. but.." 'silencing' the statue with the spell again. "Hide that away again if you would, Clue," pointing for Oasis to hand it to her. "Bring the guest up now. You stay quiet," pointing at Oasis. 

Anyta climbs the stairs, fully geared up, rope and hook, hand-held crossbow, dagger six-pack on a belt. She looks around at the women and pointedly at Cross in the bed next to me. She comes right up to the foot of the bed like the lady of the house. Throwing a scroll case onto the bed, she fixes me with an icy glare. "You want my father dead?" she asks coldly. 

"No." 

"Why are you doing this to me?" she demands.

"Until three nights ago, I didn't know who the fuck you were. Am I supposed to have some plan? Young lady, you and Gilda were lots of fun. Valkyrie put a stop to your service contracts, I see why." I swung my legs off the bed, "You wanted to be free of 'daddy's' plan." I stand fully nude. "You set me up." 

"I didn't ... " her voice trailing off. 

"You hoped you'd get away before he got here. With or with out Gilda, isn't that right." 

With her or not at all. You killed her. My father set her up and you killed her." 

"What's in here?" I say, picking up the scroll case. 

"The list of nobles he has ready to stand against the king. A compilation of illegally won deeds and contracts. The locations of raided tax shipments, and names of those that could give witness to the hijackings, first hand or in participation. Enough evidence to send him to the gallows and hell." 

"An evil boon for me, why bring it here? You want to kill me for wronging you." 

"I want you to pay me. Gilda was more than some random way to get back at my father, she was my soul sister and lover. I need to rescue and protect the only person other than me that she loved, her sister. I am going to need money for that, a lot of money."

"I can't let you do that. And I won't pay you anything. You see, if your father falls for treason, his eldest living heir gets it all. That would be you, wouldn't it?" 

"I am his only heir. But a women can't hold office and all of my father's holdings are bound to the office of his Regency. All his business holdings are in partnership with other houses and would be forfeit to those houses if guilty of treason. I only benefit if he dies." 

"So you want him dead?" 

"Yes." 

"How badly? I will not lower myself to that of common assassin for just anyone. What do you offer?" 

"I will give it all to you, take me as wife. You will have the Regency and all the wealth it controls. I will bear you children and fulfill all the duties you set me, as a wife or slave. Only one thing, you will free Gilda's sister and make her ward of our house." 

"I swear we need to write this shit down. What an epic play it would make. What say you, Valkyrie?" I ask, handing the scroll case to the tall Elven woman. 

"I think I have the leverage I need now," Val says taking the case. 

"She is yours to do with as you please. Don't be messy about it this time." 

"Yes, Headmistress. Your father isn't going to die, he's going to join team Vale. You are not going to die either. You're going to join team lovey-dovey. Gilda isn't dead," pointing at Oasis. 

"It's really me," Oasis breathes. "He magicked me a new face and stuff." 

Anyta tilts her head, "But.."

"The first time we did anything together, you fellowed me into the Inn-Pub water closet and finger fucked me. I moaned so loud, the waiter came banging on the door to see if I was dying." 

"You told him you ate too much cheese and couldn't shit."

"He offered apple juice and an ass plunging." The women rush into each others arms, tears pouring down their cheeks. I glance around the room. The expressions are all approving of how I handled things. Even Cross seems moved by how Gilda and Anyta embrace each other, exchanging declarations of love. I reach down and pick up the scroll case from Caldoria. Sliding the pages out, they are bound with a ring. I slide it off and start to read, keeping the ring in hand. It tells of a band of men stalking the cliff side with nets and glass sided cauldrons. Taltania, the former Queen, is seeking for her to order the men's deaths as quickly as possible. The measurements I had requested weren't completed and may never be if the men aren't driven off. Her sisters are siding with their mother, stirring some minor dissent among the clan, making pointed arguments over her youth. She wants me to come fast as I can. The ring will allow water breathing in fresh or salt water. 

Sliding the ring on my middle finger, "Nix, I think we need to get things in order quickly. That Court date just got bumped up, by a whole lot. Blank, Clue, work on organizing what's down stairs if you want. Cross, you sweet sex demon, are going to have to go back to Valkyrie, much as I'd love to have you all for myself. She is your contracted Master, and you know she would be lost without you. Oasis, you are to help Blank, and do as she tells you. If you step out of line... no Anyta visits for a month."  

I drag my coat of wands out onto the bed. I check for those that would serve me best in and out of water. I figure I should limit myself to 5 or 6. Pulling it over my shoulders I check the pocket for my coin purse and start for the stairs. 

"Pants!" most of the women yell, then giggle when I look down. 

"Oh." I grab the two tone silk to save time. I dart over to the outfitters shop. Spend a fair share getting holsters that would strap the wands to my legs, as well as a long double edged dagger in a leg sheath. 

Once back in the book store, Cross grabs me and pulls me to the back. Her needful expression tugging at my resolve. "I can't keep you if that's what you're going to ask," I say sadly.

"I know, maybe in another life. But before you give me back, cum down my throat one more time," she asks sweetly, undoing my pants. 

"Please, it felt so good. I wasn't lying when I thanked you for doing it the first time, and last night. I will be wet dreaming about that for years. So one for the road, no horns this time." 

She sinks to her knees and takes me in her mouth. It isn't long before I am hard as steel. I hold the back of her head and push in hard and deep. She shakes and moans the scent of her orgasm reaches my nose. I rock my hips staving off the 'how to make it good for her' reflex. I just pump my thick cock in and out of her hot sucking mouth. Three times there is a hesitation to her pleasurable suction as she moans in orgasm. She growls and sucks hard. Grabbing her hair I fuck her fast, grinding deep I cum hard. She moans and sucks, shaking in orgasm herself. My leg quivers at the end. 

I pull my cock from her mouth and push her over. "Good bitch. I'll give it to you like that any time you get permission. I might even be sweet and tickle your sloppy pussy, too." Hearing those words, her eyes glaze over, and her whole body quakes while a wall of orgasms race through her over sex tuned body, the sopping pool at the crotch of her pants spreading down to the knees, and dripping to the floor, hand still tucked inside. 

"How could you do that to her?" Valkyrie asks sounding disgusted. 

"She's half demon, that's the way she needs it once in a while. All demons are hardwired for sex, every hole. She offered me a gift of her trust, I gave her my trust in return. Why do you think she is still having orgasm after orgasm?" 
