 "Well that's lovely!" gasped my Fiancé as she picked up a ring. I smiled. 

"The one I got you not enough for ya?" I asked semi - mocking, my eyebrows raised slightly. She giggled and held out her left hand to gaze at her gold band with a moderate diamond. It wasn't anything fancy, a single diamond as good a quality as I could afford on a gold band. She wanted the higher end one but that was something I could ill afford. Thankfully when she saw the ring she didn't hesitate to say yes. As far as she was concerned the ring around her finger was priceless. 

"It's perfect." She said lovingly and shot me a dreamy eyed look. She kissed me and my heart went into my head. She can still do that after all this time. My Fiancé, Jade, was a perfect 10 in my book. She was quite petite coming in at 5 feet exactly, caramel skin with bright green eyes. She was half Japanese and half Dutch with long black hair and a smile that brightened everything. 

She was a geologist at the local community college, and she had applied to transfer to UCLA. She should hear back from them any day now. Her bust and butt weren't bad either. Her tits were big enough so that they were a handful but not so big as to cause problems for her later. Her ass was where she really shinned. She worked out a lot and her ass was toned, strong and most importantly huge. It was borderline disproportionate, but I found it irresistible. 

Physical attributes aside she was a wonderful woman. Kind and compassionate and reasonably freaky in bed. She would play along with my fantasies to an extent. She let me "hypnotize" her once and then said it wasn't for her. She liked me dominating her though and she would call me master for special occasions. I didn't know how I had gotten so lucky. 

I'm nothing special to look at as far from my point of view. I was shorter than most coming in at only 5 foot 2, dorky in my interests, and passionate about my loved ones and good at my job. I was an assisstant history professor at UCLA and author of historical fiction dramas. My latest project was about to be completed and I hoped it would get picked up by a major network. Would be wild to have my own show on Netflix. 

"Owen, hun, come check this out." She called from down the other end of the store. It was there that I saw it for the first time. It was a gold necklace with a small purple gem at its center. The purple gem was dark and bright all at once. It was almost hypnotizing in its beauty. I then started to feel a sense of delight, a sense of completion while staring at it. It was as if the gem had a presence that compelled me to hold it and even to buy it. I then heard a voice in my head. 

"Strength..." the voice whispered. "Strength..." it hissed again. "A powerful master you will become..." It was then that I felt myself become pulled, sucked into the gem. I felt myself falling into a dark void that seemed bottomless. The weight of nothingness pulled on me and I began to accelerate. I thought of screaming but after reflection I didn't. I wasn't sure why but even though I was falling I didn't feel that I was in danger. It was almost as though I felt like I was at peace. 

I saw a light at the bottom of the pit, and I began to slow down. I descended until I reached a dark wooden floor. I gave a look around and as I did walls appeared around me. They were covered with frescos that seemed to be from every era. I could recognize some of them. The iconic rococo style of Versailles on the wall to the right and the distinct Byzantine mosaic pattern to my left. The artwork was immaculate, it seemed like it was created just yesterday. I was taken aback at their beauty their...perfection. 

They are beautiful I thought as I made my way down the newly erected hall. What stories do you have to tell my friends? 

Upon further inspection I realized that I knew what the paintings were depicting. The rococo fresco was depicting the excesses of the Roman Emperors; namely Caligula and Tiberius. I could tell by the meeting of the two Emperors on the island of Capri, the island villa was unmistakable. 

I walked down the hall and the scene continued. I was stunned to see an awfully vivid scene. A group of thirty naked women were surrounding Emperor Tiberius; they were bowing to him. Two of them were worshipping his throbbing cock while two more stood at attention by his side. Oddly enough all of the women in the painting had the roman eagle crest on their forehead. Tiberius himself had a purple jewel around his neck. 

I looked to my left and realized the Byzantine fresco had another famous figure. This was the story of Empress Theodora meeting Emperor Justinian for the first time. She was famously a prostitute before becoming Empress and in the mosaic, she was completely naked dancing for Emperor Justinian. Around her neck was the same purple jewel as before. Even more interesting was an Eastern Orthodox cross was radiating from Justinian's forehead. 

Why am I seeing this? Who made these? Where even am I? 

The hall turned right and at the end was a single door. It was beautifully decorated with gold trim lining every edge. In between the gold trim there were enormous emeralds, sapphires, and rubies in alternating patterns. My eyes were scanning the door trying to take it all in, it was like looking through a kaleidoscope. I reached for the handle of the excessive door and turned the nob to enter a lavish state room. 

It was massive. It looked like something out of the most excessive palaces in Europe and Asia combined into one. I looked around and saw wonderful marble statues of goddesses having sex with gods and paintings of women bowing to men, of men spanking women, of women collaring men. I was both disgusted and aroused at the same time. I couldn't speak, I could only walk when I felt a presence near me. 

"So, you've come." A seductive voice glided through the air like a summer breeze. I turned to see who had said such a heavenly thing and to my horror it wasn't an angel but a demon. Her skin was a lovely royal blue, her hair was snow white that went down to her mid back. A set of small black ram's horns jetted from her skull backwards in an elegant curve. She had a short tale that swung side to side in small controlled motions. Her blue tits were huge double D's, small dark nipples poked through her almost transparent white dress. She noticed my gaze around her cleavage and shot me a seductive smile. 

"Enjoying the view, are we?" She giggled, sexual intent dripping from every syllable. I was taken aback; my mind flooded with impulses. I imagined dominating her, using her, breeding her. I wanted to make her my own, I wanted to know what she felt like, what she smelled like; above all I wanted her to call me ...Master. 

My train of thought was broken by her movement. She moved from the window her impressive hips swaying side to side. Mesmerizing I thought as my cock began to harden as my lust began to build. It was at that moment that I thought back to Jade. I thought of her smile and the warmth it gave me. My face now shifted from lusty anticipation to moral reservation. Whatever this is, I will not succumb to it. 

The demon stopped right in front of me and noticed the change. She rose a white eyebrow. Her eyes, tempests of reds and oranges, seemed to peer into my soul. She grinned manically and spoke softly. 

"She is pretty, but you want more I can see it." She said stripping out of her thin white dress. My body felt hot as her dress hit the floor to expose her mouthwatering hourglass figure. Her body was impressive, and she knew it. She looked at me with utter confidence, hands on her hips, purposefully rolling her shoulders so that her tits would move in a seductive motion. Her tail dancing behind her slowly swaying from side to side. It reminded me of a feline getting ready to pounce. 

My cock instinctively hardened. It was practically jumping out of my pants, making me fluster but I quickly calmed down. I had always handled pressure well and despite my throbbing cock in my pants my head began to level out. 

"That's a bold thing to say. A demon and a psychologist all in one, you must be popular." The sarcasm, that was supposed to dissuade her only excited her more. She bit her white lip as she flirtatiously flipped her long snowy hair. Her eyes flashed and next thing I knew she was right up against me. 

Her tits were on my chest. They were soft and seemed to shine as the light from the chandelier above beamed on the two of us. Her left hand had wrapped around my neck, forcing me to stare into her fiery eyes. With her right hand she grabbed my left hand and placed it on her thick ass. It was considerably larger than it seemed from across the room. She began to breath heavily and pulled herself to the right side of my cheek. She then whispered lustfully in my ear. 

"I think you will find that I am quite popular... especially when I do this..." With that she pulled me in for a deep and passionate kiss. Her tongue rolled around in my mouth, swirling back and forth, filling my whole body with waves of sinful pleasure. My head began to feel clouded. All my memories, my thoughts, and my very will seemed to evaporate. I wasn't me anymore, I was a beast, a creature who only wanted to dominate and fuck the sex demon in front of me. 

I lost all control and I kissed her passionately back. I instinctively grabbed her left breast and sucked on it intensely, saliva coating her nipple as I sucked hard; my mouth leaving her tit with a loud pop. She moaned in pleasure, spanking her own ass. 

"Yessssss!" She purred as I pulled her to the bed. My mind was blank, there was nothing in my head except: Unleash yourself. Dominate. Breed. Take her. She looked at me with lavish anticipation, pussy dripping wet. She placed both her hands on my shirt and ripped it in half. My semi - chiseled features were bare to her and her eyes told me she liked what she saw. 

"I know your fantasies Owen Moore!" She unbuckled my belt and I threw my pants off. 

"I have seen your heart; your every desire and I am telling you to unleash them! If you can prove your worth, I will make you more powerful than any man on this earth!" I ripped off my underwear and revealed my throbbing seven and a half inch manhood. The demon snarled with approval and spread her legs. Her pussy was wet and ready. She grabbed her tits as I lay over her, my dick inching closer and closer to her cunt. 

"Claim the power that is rightfully yours! Claim the powers that will make you what you were destined to be!" With that I dove into her with full force, hand on her throat squeezing tightly. She cried out in delight as I plowed her over and over again. 

"YY..e...sss" she mumbled as my hand choked her. She wrapped her legs around my lower back as I fucked her hard. My cock pushing in and out of her with tremendous force. I pulled my hand away from her throat, she coughed lightly clearly wanting more. I turned her around so that she was facing the bed frame and her bubble butt was jiggling as I fucked her hard from behind. 

"Take me! Use me! Fuck me!" The demon cried. "Make me yours! Make me your sex slave!" She knew exactly what my primal beast wanted to hear. I took my thumb and shoved it in her ass, and she grabbed the headboard and squeezed it hard; trying to hold herself together. My cock found no resistance as I intensified my sexual onslaught. 

"Unleash your inner self! Earn the title you crave! Show me you're worthy of it, show me you aren't like the thousands of others who have tried and failed. Show m.." I reached over and put my hands on her mouth as I continued to fuck her from behind. 

"You are mine!" I snarled in her ear. 

"All that you are, all that you will be, and all that you hope to be now belongs to me!" My inner dominant didn't want anything to be left to interpretation; I wanted total power over her. I released my hand from her mouth and turned her over. She was aghast, her body convulsed as an orgasm ruptured throughout her body. I didn't give her time to recover from her pleasure as I reentered. She looked up temporarily stunned at my vigor. She smiled wickedly. 

"What will you do to make me yours?!" She asked panting. Without hesitation I grabbed her face and pulled it close. 

"You're going to tell me what you desire. You're going to tell me just how you want to be fucked. You're going to tell me what you can't get enough of and then I'm going to give it to you better than anyone else can!" The words hit her with the rhythmic sound of our fucking, and she let out a moan of pure delight. 

"YESSSS! I WANT YOU TO ENSLAVE ME! I WANT YOU TO DICTATE MY EVERY THOUGHT AND DESIRE! I WANT YOU TO USE MY POWER TO BUILD A HAREM YOU DESERVE AND BREED WITH US! I WANT YOU TO OWN US AND FOR US TO HAIL YOU AS OUR MASTER!!" 

I felt my cum beginning to build up. 

"KEEP GOING! TELL ME MORE!" 

"I TO WORSHIP YOU MY OUR LORD, MY MASTER, MY GOD! I WANT TO PRAY TO YOU EVERYDAY AND CHANT OVER AND OVER AGAIN ALL HAIL MASTER! ALL HAIL MASTER! ALL HAIL MASTER!" 

My body convulsed and I released my seed into the beautiful demon's womb. She cried in ecstasy filling my ears with her lustful moans. Her pussy tightened around my erect cock; squeezing every last drop of me out of her. As I pumped her full of my cum, I felt the most wonderful pleasure I had ever felt. Every sensation was heightened and for a split second I felt like I was glowing, radiating pleasure. 

I collapsed on the bed my head spinning in pleasure that I had only ever dreamed of. 

"Wow..." the demon muttered. "You are worthy." She turned to me and smiled lovingly as I closed my eyes. "You are worthy...my Master."