 When I came to, I heard the demon scurry out of bed. She excitedly tip toed to the center of the room and kneeled with her arms held out wide. She then looked up at the chandelier that was directly above her, mumbled something I couldn't hear, and snapped her fingers. When she did she was consumed with brilliant blue light. 

I tried to shield my eyes but the light was too much. It was like I was gazing into the sun. When the light finally subsided what I saw was breathtaking. The demon had shed off her royal blue skin and it was now a medium scarlet. Her horns, were now smooth and an off white. They resembled a finely polished ivory. Her eyes were now a light purple; they were still as fiery as before. Her hair was now wavier and a bright neon red. She had dark red lipstick and eyeshadow on with black eyeliner. 

She was also wearing a harem outfit. She had silver bands that wrapped around her upper arms and wrists. In between the bands were transparent maroon clothes exposing her elegant arms. Her legs were dressed in a similar fashion, the silver bands were wrapped around her mid-thigh and ankles with the same beautiful fabric in between the bands. 

Thin strips of maroon statin covered her nipples, which had her tits pour out from both sides of the fabric. A G-String of the same fabric had a similar effect on her ass and pussy. Finally, she had a silver collar around her neck with a silver leash attached to it. I had always wanted Jade to wear a collar for me but I never had summoned the courage to ask her if she would. It was one of by darkest fantasies. 

The thing that really sent me into overdrive however was the symbol that had manifested onto her forehead. It was a white rose with angel wings coming from it. To anyone else that wouldn't mean anything but I knew what that was. That's because the winged rose was my family crest. I came from a long line of ex-nobles who had supported King James II during the Glorious revolution and when he was overthrown my family came to the American colonies. The only thing left from those days was a ring that my father had given to me when I graduated college. Now the crest was on her forehead. 

Stunned and confused I rose to my feet, my manhood still rock hard from our bestial interaction. My head was still a little hazy but I was beginning to understand what had just happened. I felt a hot wave of guilt flow over my body. 

Jade! Owen, what have you done!? 

I put my hands to my head and felt raw fear and disgust fill within me. "I betrayed her..." I mumbled. "I've ruined everything..." I looked up at the remade demon kneeling in front of the bed. She noticed my gaze and lowered her other knee and bowed to me. 

"All hail my Lord and Master." She said with utter devotion, her happiness was palpable. I ran up to her and grabbed her by the arm. 

"WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO ME?! I DIDN'T WANT TO DO THAT!" My eyes scanning hers for some kind of answer. She smiled at me lovingly. 

"I took away your inhibitions Master. I saw what you wanted and made it happen. I'm sure you feel great right now. Possibly even free." I slowly stepped backward hitting the front of the bed frame. I considered her words and came to a horrific realization. A dark part of me felt unleashed and I liked it! I felt a sense of liberation as if the shackles of society had been thrown off me and fort the first time in my life I was myself in the most raw way possible. My head was spinning. 

That's not true, it can't be. This can't feel good! WHAT DOES THIS MEAN!? 

"I would never..." My head dropped as I ran my hands over my head over and over again hoping that if I believed hard enough it would go away. I increased the speed as a dreaded thought slipped into my mind. 

You are a terrible man. 

Tears began to well up in my eyes. The demon, sensing my anguish, crawled over to me on all fours. She grabbed my hands gently, stopping my frantic motion. 

"You should not be troubled my lord." She said softly. "I think you will find that your fiancé is more ok with what just happened then you'd first presume." 

I looked up in rage, tears streaming down my face. "How... dare you presume to tell me how she feels!" I stood to my feet. My fist clenched; it was taking every ounce of my inner strength not to go postal on this monstrosity. Noticing my rage, she bowed again. Her breath had quickened. 

"Please forgive your slave Master. I spoke out of turn. Please forgive me." 

Confusion now mixed with my outrage. 

What we just did. All of those things we said; was that real for her? 

I sat down my tears drying up now, my eyes now burning into her skull. I was about to ask a question when she spoke. 

"There is something I want to show you Master, if you'll allow me. It'll explain everything! I promise!" She said still groveling. 

"It better... for your sake." 

The demon looked up at me, guilt and sexual excitement were written all over her face. She rose quickly and turned toward a mirror that hung over the fireplace. She put her hand to it and swiped to her right. The mirror began to fog. The fog twisted and turned within the mirror. It was like watching storm clouds pass over head. They eventually parted and I saw my fiancé. 

"Jade!" I called rising to my feet. 

"She cannot hear you Master." The demon said softly. "Keep watching my lord." The fog lifted even more and I saw the demon who had fucked me fucking my fiancé as well. She had the same look as she did now except, she had a strap on and wearing black leather lingerie. Jade was in heat; her mouth was open and her ass was red from being spanked. The fog cleared some more and I could hear my fiancé's moans. 

"What are you slut?!" The demon asked sternly. 

"I am a whore made for fucking!" Jade replied. 

"What is your darkest fantasy slut?!" 

"To be owned! I want to be tamed and be a slave 24/7!" 

"You want to be part of a harem, don't you?!" 

"YESSSSS!! I want to be part of a harem!" 

My eyes were glued to the mirror. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

"Why do women exist slut?!" The demon continued. 

"To serve men! To submit to the will of men!" 

"Good now cum for me slave!" With that Jade came, the mirror began to fog up again until the fog dissipated and returned to being just a mirror. I looked at the demon who stood beside the mirror. 

"Was that...how... what are you?" I finally managed to get out. The demon bit her lip and smiled flirtatiously. She extended her arms and bowed. 

"I am Keva, daughter of the demon Yeva and the mortal Meliodas, and one of the Seven Sex Sirens. It is a pleasure to meet you, my Master." She now lifted her head smiling lovingly at me. 

"What you saw was no different then what you experienced. I can bring multiple people into my crystal so long as they can see it. I can have them all be in one room like this or two completely different rooms like you saw. Let's me play the field more efficiently. 

I am really happy I found you. It's been a long time since I have found someone who was worthy of my power." She moved toward the bed, swaying her hips drastically as she did so. She knelt just in front of the bed looking toward me with worship and admiration. 

"What power?" I asked. 

"The power to unlock the sexual potential in anyone, Master." She said quite matter of fact. 

"Get out!" I laughed. "You mean what you did to me and my fiancé you're giving me that power?" 

"Yes, my lord." She said beaming with happiness. "Exactly." 

Disbelief washed over my face. 

There is no way this is real...then again. She seems genuine and I can't think of a reason she would lie. I need more info. 

"Okay, demonic powers? How is this even possible?!" 

"Let me show you Master." She turned and raised out her hand. A scarlet light began to radiate from it and then she snapped. The fog returned to the mirror and a movie began to play. Keva began to narrate. 

"To understand what you now have, you need to understand me, my history, and what I saw in you that made you worthy. I was born long ago on the island of Zante in Greece. My father was a ship builder and my mother was a mythical sex demon. She was born of the first sexual encounter between Hades and Persephone. 

Hades had dominated Persephone and Persephone had submitted to Hades. The relationship didn't last however, I suspect it's because they didn't love each other. Having been born of this moment she became the physical embodiment of sexual domination and submission. 

She dominated or submitted to the spirits in the underworld, honing her skills until she could get whatever she wanted just by speaking single words or by making small gestures. Once she mastered her powers, she left to explore the mortal world in hopes of finding something worthwhile, something more. She eventually came to the island of Zante. 

There she met my father who worked in the shipyard on the island. She said that he "radiated compassion" which she found irresistible. He made an advance on her and did something that no man, immortal, or spirit had done before; he asked her what she wanted. 

For my mother who had always done what her partner wanted she never really considered the question. She used her powers on herself and found herself wanting to submit to my father. She had submitted to many men before but none of them deserved it, so they only got her submission for a night or so. 

My father however was different. He was handsome and kind. My mother realized that this was a man who would appreciate her submission and so she swore allegiance to him, vowing to serve him as his sexual servant for the rest of his life. The two of them wed and soon she had me and my six sisters..." 

Keva was beaming with happiness as a picture of all of them appeared on the mirror. 

"My mother told my father of her power and offered it to him as a sign of ultimate trust and love. He used it to find out my mother's darkest desires and he found out that she wanted to give him a harem of women who would worship him. He unleashed her desires and by the time it was all said and done, my parents had unlocked the sexual potential of two hundred women." 

"Two hundred?!" I could barely fathom that many women pleasing me, let alone me pleasing them. 

"Yes Master; two hundred. My mother and father would fuck for days sometimes. My mother would bless my father with almost infinite fertility and my father would bless my mother with infinite lust." 

"Sounds like they were quite the power couple." Keva nodded. 

"Those were good times. My sisters and I received a portion of our mother's power together we were nicknamed the "Seven Sex Sirens" because we could use our magic to seduce anyone no matter what. It was nice until the "hero" Perseus arrived. He had heard of the harem and thought it was an evil he needed to drive out from the world. 

He killed my father swiftly and he battled my mother for a while but her power was no match for his. Eventually Perseus cut her across her chest and she laid in front of us, dying. As Perseus stood over my mother to strike the final blow, she used the last of her magic energy to protect her daughters. She transformed us into seven crystals." 

"Find each other!" Yeva said coughing up blood. "Find each other and you will be free once more!" 

"After she said that we were rocketed into the air and dispersed." Sorrow began to weave its way into her voice. I found myself taking pity. 

"I'm sorry." I finally said. "I'm sure you miss them very much." 

"Thank you Master." She said as melancholy filled her. "I miss them tremendously." She continued. 

"As a crystal I found myself in the hands of kings, emperors, prostitutes, regular folk you name it. You saw some of them on the way in." 

I remembered the frescos and now everything was making sense. 

"Yeah I did, you clearly live up to the title of sex demon." I gave her a light smile, trying to cheer her up. She smiled back at me, clearly happy that I wanted to improve her mood. 

"I like to think so." She now returned the mirror to its regular state. I turned to her. 

"Ok so million-dollar question why am I now your Master? No offense you're pretty and all but I am kind of engaged." Keva laughed. 

"I'm a woman silly; every woman needs a Master." She said this all so light heartedly like it was common knowledge. 

Does she really think this is how the world works? I mean given her upbringing I'm not surprised. 

"But besides my base desire to have a Master and the fact I think you're really attractive there is another reason." She became a little coy. She blushed a little. I was intrigued by her shyness 

"Go on." I softly instructed. 

"Like I said I saw your heart, I saw your desires and I saw how you would achieve those desires. You were the first man in a long time who asked what I desired. You don't dominate simply for your pleasure; you dominate for mine as well. You actually cared about me even while you were a crazed sex beast. I found that simply...irrespirable..." Keva blushed and looked at me with adoration and awe. 

I knew that look. It was the same one Jade had given me a hundred times over. 

"So, I bound myself to you. I transformed my body to the ideal version of me according to your darkest desires Master." I had to admit she was wearing exactly what I would think a sex slave should wear if I were to have one. 

"I did all of this because I chose you..." she got on all fours in front of me and kissed the top of my left foot with a quick peck. "...to be my Lord..." she now kissed my right foot. "...my Master..." she kissed my left foot once more. "...my God..." she raised her head beamed a smile at me; her eyes flushed with love. 

I was overwhelmed. 

This was real. No joke. This was REAL! I smiled and chuckled. 

"This is insane Keva!" I put my hand over my head as I laughed to myself. 

"I am truly grateful and humbled that you would bestow me with such an honor and if I weren't in a committed relationship, I would accept the role you gave me enthusiastically." I took a brief pause, collecting my thoughts as I knew this next sentence would be cutting. 

"However, I am engaged. I may have these desires and you may be able to satisfy them better than my fiancé can but I love Jade and she loves me. She's my world and I couldn't be parted from her. I'm sorry to disappoint you but I cannot give you what you seek." Keva's face was gripped by surprise. I could see her mind spinning, trying desperately to find a way to keep me. 

I turned to leave the gilded room when I felt Keva grab my hand. 

"Wait Master!" she cried. "What if you had your fiancé's approval?! What if she wanted what you wanted?!" I turned to face her, putting my other hand on hers. 

"You mean what I saw earlier? I assume that was her inner submissive you brought out just like you brought out my inner dominant. That can't be indicative of anything." 

"What if I could prove it?!" Keva said desperately. "What if I could prove Jade wants to have a harem with you?!" 

"I guess then there wouldn't be a problem but..." before I could offer my rebuttal Keva let go of my arm and placed both hands on the mirror. She began to chant something in a language I couldn't understand and the mirror began to twist and warp until it was a spinning black disk. There was a great gust of energy that came from the disk and form the disk came Jade. 

She was completely naked. She looked just as I had seen her a thousand times over. She was still breath taking. She still had bruises from being spanked hard and she was clearly dripping wet. She immediately came too and saw me and jumped in my arms. 

"Owen!" 

"Jade!" We embraced and we kissed passionately once. From the kiss I knew it was her; my heart was in my head again. She pulled away quickly. 

"I just had the most mind-blowing experience babe! There was a demon who made my desires take advantage of me and then I was a sex slave to the demon!" I grabbed her face with both hands, calming her down a bit. 

"I know babe I had my own experience with the demon. My desires made me dominate her and well..." My heart sank. I realized that at this moment my marriage could be over before it began. I didn't want to tell her but I summoned my courage. 

It's the right thing to do 

"Well...we had sex." I paused looking at Jade for a sign into her subconscious but I got nothing. I nervously continued. "So, now she has bound herself to me and wants to be my eternal sex slave. She wants to help me create a harem with her power. Of course, I told her no because we're engaged and I didn't think you would like that." 

When I looked back at Jade, I was expecting a damning look or even worst grief stricken tears of betrayl. Instead I got a face of absolute pleasure. She was biting her lip and her breath had quickened. Her eyes were gripped by longing, her mouth oozing desperation with every breath. She was slowly massaging her clit. 

"Now honey... I...I don't think...you should be so hasty..." Jade stumbled over the worlds as pleasure ripped over her body. "A harem..." she paused, her lustful eyes gazing into my soul. "...could be really HOT!" 

Hearing that from Jade sent me into overdrive and my cock responded in kind. My entire manhood was at full mast, pre-cum beginning to manifest itself at the tip of my dick. My worry evaporated in seconds. I could jump for joy. Keva quietly grinned and made her way to the two of us. 

"Are you convinced now my Lord?" Keva looked at me desperate for approval. I looked back at Jade and gave her a serious look. 

"Is this what you want my love?" I asked seriously. Jade began to masturbate faster and said without hesitation. 

"More than anything in the world! I've always secretly wanted to be part of a harem! I've always found women attractive! And..." She paused. Her face widening like she just had a great epiphany. "...And I've always wanted you to become my Lord and Master!" Jade smiled ear to ear, having finally admitted her darkest fantasies to her life partner. I responded in kind and I directed that smile to Keva. 

"Keva I accept. I will be your Master." Keva beamed a genuine smile. It was like I told her she had just won the lottery. She jumped into my arms and kissed me passionately. I did the same and we melted in each other's arms for the first time. She pulled away slightly and smiled warmly at me. 

"I am so happy Master." She said quietly under her breath. "You understand that you have my power at your command, my Lord, the power to unleash anyone's sexual desires...permanently." She grinned devilishly. "Do you wish to use them to enslave your fiancé?" 

My cock answered for her as my manhood swelled at my slave's words. Keva looked down and a lustful grin crossed her face. 

"I can help you with that if you wish, your majesty." She cooed lovingly. I looked at her with new found confidence as I silently embraced my role as her Master. 

"In a moment slave." I wanted her to suck my cock so badly but there was a greater task at hand, my fiancé who was furiously masturbating in front of me. I turned my gaze from Keva to my sinful fiancé. 

"Jade dear." I said kindly. She looked up at me with lustful desperation. 

"Y-y-yeah honey..." 

"I think it's time for you to become my sex slave. What do ya say?" 

"YES" Jade got on her knees immediately looking up at me, waiting for my command. Keva seductively walked behind her. She knelt down and put her hands on the temples of my slutty wife to be. Keva's fingers began to glow a maroon glow and Jade's eyes rolled in the back of her head. 

When she looked back at me, her eyes were weak, docile, utterly submissive. They were slightly glossed over, they looked like she was wearing foggy contacts. 
