 She stopped at the edge of the ancient oak forest at the sound of the swallows. They were swirling and swooping and dancing in the air over the marshy water in the distance. They were black and sleek and sensual in their diving grace.  She stood for a very long time, lost in their beauty, her gathered pelts tied and hanging to her waist, and just watched them. Something inside her stirred with their motion and she felt every lift and fall of their flight deep within her body. 

Her long hair was tangled to her waist in a hasty braid with leaves and bits of stick falling as she began to walk to the clearing of the meadow. She saw him standing there at the edge of the wood, and her heart jumped as her hand reached for the small knife she concealed. He was sleek and sensual and he walked to her with his own grace. Had she not known better, she might have thought him to be a spirit of the woods, but he looked at her intently with the markings and dress of a mystic or a priest. 

He had been watching her for some time, his own heart racing and his cock growing hard. She was a huntress, to be sure; and far from her village. He knew their language to be the same. And as he quickly assessed her fear and her strength, every muscle in his body was tense with his desire for her. It was not his instinct to take her there in the meadow, forcing his cock deep inside her unprepared body. He knew that to fulfill his own desire, he must find hers first. 

She stood firm her ground as he approached, her brows narrowing. She would not be taken by this man, as she had been by others. She raised her chin defiantly and waited, her mind racing with the ways in which she might fight for the protection of her body. The wind rustled into the green leafy trees all around her and they fluttered a cooling breeze across her face. The ferns on the forest floor swayed too and she suddenly relaxed. 

He stopped and knelt at her feet and looked up into her eyes. They were darkest violet blue, as the evening sky. Her skin was glistening with the sweat of hard running in the heat of a late summer morning. He could smell the sweet mixture of her exhaustion and her cleansing rituals, and he was overcome. If he offered himself to her, she may allow him to give her the passion for which he knew she yearned. Or she may flee. 

He was kneeling in front of her and not moving. He was offering himself to her without a word. She looked into his handsome face and wondered at his presence, and his features, and his body. She had seen his cock in his breeches, a bulging mystery, that seemed desirable to her now. She wanted to taste it, and lick it, and swallow it deep in her throat. She threw the knife to the ground and unlaced the pelts at her side. Her tunic lifted easily over her head and she was all at once naked, to herself, to him, and to the forest she worshipped. 

He tensed again with restraint and watched as she walked to the nearest oak, turned, and hesitated for a moment. Then she sat with her back against the tree and he could see her breath quicken with the rise and fall of her breasts. Her body fit as though she had often rested there. It was the strong and full body of a woman who was agile. Her beauty, like the rest of the forest, was simple, and easily overlooked. But not by him. Not in this moment. 

She sat with her knees bent, her legs spread wide, watching him, and waiting. He did not move and her breath quickened again. He could see the wet tangled hair between her legs, the place he desired. He looked from it to her eyes, his cock hardening quickly. He pulled his gaze away, and standing, began to unlace his breeches. He slid them down his legs and stepped out of them, rising to remove his tunic. He could hear her gasp at the site of his cock. It stood out in front of him, throbbing. He watched as she surveyed his body. A slow shy smile began to form on her own mouth and he walked to her. 

She had never looked at a man so completely before. Only in wary contempt and sometimes fear. This creature who stood before her in the body of a man, exhumed a spirit of powerful and yet tender guidance, even as his own posture became that of a mere servant. His cock excited her and she wanted to reach and touch it, and feel it deep inside her. 

He bent to the ground and waited for her to show a welcome invitation to him, as well as his gifts for her.  She began to nod in a slow confirmation of the desire she longed to release. So he lowered himself to taste the wetness from inside her which was surrounded by her glistening and spiraling hair. It was sweet from her morning release of water and strongly scented from the thick fluid which had begun to flow with her own ascending passion. He gently licked and tasted her as he opened the soft folds of skin with his own lips and tongue. 

She arched her back and slid down the trunk of the tree to rest on the fallen leaves and moss and ferns around them. Her legs spread wider, and he took one of her ankles firmly in each hand, and going from one and then to the other, he kissed his way up to the place between her legs and licked softly again. He deeply searched with his toungue, reaching as far inside as he was able, until he heard a quiet sound from deep within her begin to rise. He licked and sucked and kissed until she lay exhausted. 

Impulsively, he reached for the knife, which lay harmlessly on the ground. She drew in her breath, sharp and tense, until she heard his whispered, soothing, murmurs of comfort. He slowly traced inside her legs with the tip of the small blade. Her body tensed and relaxed, convulsing under the touch of the metal. He gently and carefully traced each fold between her legs and delicately lifted the hood to her clit, touching the knife briefly to it's center. She gasped and lay still, until she heard the swish and the thump of the knife on the ground. 

She reached for his head and fisted her hands in his hair, pulling him closer to the inside of her legs, and she felt the release of her own body, and the growing ache for him to enter her. But she wanted to taste him first. Wanted to feel the skin of his cock inside her mouth. And as if knowing this, he quickly grasped her hips, helped her gently to her knees, and then crawled under and between her legs. He lay quietly on the forest floor, until she knelt with a leg on each side of his own body, her ass in his face, his cock before her, as she bent to open her mouth. 

He held her hips then, thinking that she might know of his desire, and her own, as he pulled her body to himself. Her round soft ass was inches from his face and he closed his eyes. He opend his mouth and pulled her firmly down and lost himself to his own passion and the tenderness of her flesh. His tongue flicked and circled the opening of her ass and briefly darted it in and out of the starry hole. She began to rock to his rhythm, and he held her ass more tightly, wrapping his arms around her, and moving his hands over her skin. 

She had not felt such pleasure and welcomed his mouth in her ass. Her own mouth had just begun to close over his cock when he began to kiss and suck and move his hands in a place of desire once unknown to her, but now forever awakened.  She had felt the movement grow inside her own passion, until her hips were swirling in pleasure. The images of the swallows flying across the water flashed in her mind and she became as they, darting her ass low and then high, in search of fulfillment for her own sensual nourishment. 

He held her firmly when she moved , as if teasing him, and he enjoyed her freedom, in his mouth. He moved to find her clit again, in the folded flesh and suddenly stopped. Her mouth fell over his cock and he stilled. She moved her tongue up and down his stiff flesh and then closed it again over him, gently sucking, gently biting, sucking again and swallowing his juices, like that of fresh berries. She hungered for as much of him as she could take and he felt her gag on his length, then relax, and gently close her throat around him. His own breath was hard and fast as she moved up and down on his cock, in the same rhythm which he had felt with her ass in his hands. 

When he could bear it no longer and thinking to save his release to join her own; he lifted her off of him. She turned and sat alongside him, facing him, licking her lips slowly, again, and again. Her eyes a sleepy, satisfied gaze in the light of the forest. He reached for her and held her face in his hands, searching for her arrousal. They kissed then, suddenly, and held one another and listened to the sounds of their breathing and of the forest. Then rocked gently into one another's bliss. 

She suddenly pushed away from him then, and pulled him to the tree, where he sat against it now, and she climbed onto his cock, her knees bent beneath her, and then clasped her hands around his neck. He moaned deeply into her breasts and found a hard nipple and began to suck and bite and lick and tease. She rocked her hips back and forth and pushed, sliding herself deep onto his cock, and then her head was back, and she was begging for release. He held his arms around her tightly, knowing he would cum soon, wanting her release before his own. 

She was fast, and her grinding, wet, tight muscles clenched harder and faster around his cock. She bent her head to his shoulder and panted, riding the heat of his passion and her own. His hands moved to hold her more closely and more frantically, his head to her breast as she pushed and pumped herself until he groaned into the quiet of the forest. He filled her to overflowing and she wept for the fulfillment of her body and soul. 

They kissed in very long, slow, savory ways. Then moved soft small kisses across skin, too hot to touch. Over and over again, until they had thoroughly adored one another. They sat gazing at one another long into the summer afternoon. Touching now and then. A strand of hair, the side of a cheek. 

Until one of them spoke. 

"Do you want me to get the truck and take you to the garden center now, or after lunch?", he finally said. 

She brushed the hair from his eyes, "Oh, I don't know...what's for lunch?", she said. 

He kissed her breast again and looked up into her eyes. 

"There are two beers and some roast beef, cream cheese, and watercress sandwiches in the little fridge in the barn." , he said. 

She smiled and thought for a moment, "Could we have our lunch, swim in the pond, and then do the garden center?" 

He lifted her and helped her to her feet and his own. "Anything you like, my lady." 

"Really?" She brushed a fern from his ass, and he pulled a twig from her hair. 

"Can we do the mermaid fantasy while we are in the pond?", she asked, smiling again. 

He put an arm around her shoulders, and they walked nude to the edge of the meadow. 

He turned to her and kissed the tip of her nose. 

"As you wish...", he said, and smiled too.