 Thx nthusiastic for the edit, the epic saga continues.

*****

The sting of my cheek snaps my eyes open. Kelly is standing over me, her mouth is moving but I am not hearing any sound. She reaches for me and I feel her hand grip my throbbing cock, and try pushing it back in my pants. The siren bounces close to Kelly, and she lets go of my cock as if it stung her, then grabs and nocks an arrow.

"Stop, Kelly, it was a side affect. Don't shoot her." 

Kelly looks at me, her lips moving again.

"I am deaf. I can't hear what you are saying. This will wear off?" asking the siren, pointing at my head.

She nods with a grin.

"Did we get them all?"

Kelly holds up two fingers, mouthing 'got away'.

"Guess that couldn't be helped. I'm sorry, Kelly."

She tilts her head, points at my cock, gesturing to put it away.

Ella comes running over, hands jabbing towards the north road. The siren bounces past Kelly, down behind me. Kelly spins, starting to bring the bow up again.. I throw my hands up, waving her off. The siren put her hands on my shoulders. My ears pop, leaving a sense of vertigo for a moment.

"A dozen armed riders are coming. What do we do? Hide? Run? Wow, your cock is big," Elle babbles out.

"Sorry," I stand tucking it away, as I get to my feet.

"What about her?" Kelly asks.

"Can you fly?" I ask over my shoulder.

"No, they bladed my wings." 

"I would ask that you don't even speak with other men around, safer for all of us. Will you do this?"

"For you, I will comply. You will speak for me with the Mer-Queen when the time come in return?"

"Mer-Queen?" Stacy asks, walking into the conversation.

"I will, Kelly, she is mine, that is all you know. I saved you, and we all fought to escape. End of story."

"You are a brave yet possibly insane man."

The hooves of the approaching horses slow their thunderous pace. The rider at the front signals those that follow with a hand sign. As he draws near, he sees the women holding weapons, and the winged figure hiding behind me. He pulls the reins, pointing his horse in our direction.

"Hail! What has happened here?"

"These bandits and murders killed members of these ladies' families. I happened upon them, and helped these ladies avenge their losses." 

"Kelly! Ella! Girls!" A distraught man yells, half falling, half leaping from his horse.

"Father!' You're alive!" they both scream, tossing aside weapons, and running towards the man, tears pouring forth with each step, bowling him over into a sobbing pile.

The mounted rider looks at Stacy, "And you, Miss?"

"They killed my husband. It is as the Wizard says. He and his ward came to our aid. If not for them, I believe you would have fought your way here only to claim our strung-up raped corpses," Stacy said, trying to hold off her own tears.

"Stacy, it's ok to cry now." 

And does she ever, great, heaving wails of sorrow and relief. The road warden has me and the siren stand off to the side of the scene under guard. The siren whispers "I can sing them away." I give her bottom a little bump, "Shh!"

"I am less than trusting that you happened along this area. What are you doing out this far, without mount or coach? What business do you have here?" a ranked rider with different markings from the others asks.

"I am a Wizard. The manner of my travel was magic. And my business here is to find out why I can't get a survey out here to pace off an area map to put in a land claim with the king for this stretch of coast line. I wish to buy it for my research into oceanic magics." 

"Nameless?"

"In person, the king has told you of me?"

"I am Lord Nelzury, Imperial survivor. His Majesty only dispatched the survey order yesterday."

"Forgive me, Lord, I was unaware I spoke to one of station. I did bend the truth about the survey thinking you were of a less ranked office. My apologies."

"And the siren?"

"My ward. One of the reasons I seek this impassable cove, along with the rights to the water half a league out from its shore. Should the day come that her voice returns, ships would not be close enough to hear her song."

"And you came here to pace off the claim yourself, finding a band of depots and imparted justice to same. I see no reason to detain you, though the road men will take a number of days to clean up this mess. I would advise finding business to handle that keeps your Ward from harm around less mannered soldiers." 

"Would descending the cliff be far enough out of harm's way in your opinion, my Lord?"

"The road is their priority, I will order that none follow. Those that do face death, if they make it back up here or down there. The fall from such a height is most often fatal, is it not?"

"I understand, my Lord. We will be about our way. I thank you for your wisdom and learned advice, sir."

Bowing to the Lord, I reach for the siren, and slide my hand around her waist. He watches us walk down the road, turning toward the cliff. Getting down is hell. The siren bounces, clawing at the cliff, and is at the bottom in the same time it takes me to get a quarter of the way. 

The tide is low making it easier to cross the tidal rift from the cliff's base to the island chunk of cliff that shadows the cove where I awoke. As I round the edge of jutting rock, Caldoria wades in the water, her mother at her side. Both give the siren disapproving looks. The siren skitters in close to hide at my back.

"Queen Caldoria, I have killed many of those men and rescued from them a sister of the sea in this siren. She was bladed by them, and for now is unable to fly."

"Then you accept your place as my consort?"

"I do.."

"Mother, has he met with your approval?"

"He has, thus will make a fine champion for you, and a great addition to the clan."

"Lady Taltania, if I may ask a question."

"Yes, Consort, your question."

"Why did you not tell me of the men's prisoners?"

"How dwellers deal with each other was of no matter to me. How you dealt with them was as much part of the test as how well you killed those that deserved it. Is that answer enough, Consort?"

"A wise Queen you must have made, I hope you advise My Queen to be as wise in her rule."

"She will have my council for as long as she wishes it, Consort, rest assured."

"My Queen, I request sanctuary for the siren.."

"Tempis, Queen," adds the siren.

"Till such a time as she can leave on her own wing," adding as much to Tempis as asking "She will confine her song to that of herding fish or as a defense to the cove and its Mer-clan. Will you abide this, Tempis?"

"Yes, Queen."

"You have a place of rest and safety by his word. Do not betray it." 

"I must go with them. I will return soon. Do you need anything?"

"I am fine, I will need fresh water for drinking at some point." 

"I'll get some for you upon my return."

I turn and grasp the offered hands of Caldoria. I sink with her beneath the water. I swim for part of the way, then towed the rest. The open ravine that was home of the clan was almost equal to the valley in which the Vale stood. The walls here however reached further back into the center of the ceiling.

I was given a Cloak of the Sea which allows me to swim as a true Mer-folk, and a Queen's claw, an obsidian blade with a Krakken tooth pummel. Last was the Staff of the Consort, it imparts use and understanding of the Sea dialects, and upon command goes from a four foot water spear to a full size trident, then back at a second command.

After a tour of the ravine and introduction to the elders of the clan, Taltania takes me to the horde she had gathered as dowry. She encouraged me to take what I could carry, alluding to using this to acquire things for the clan. I agreed it would be fitting. Caldoria returned to the cove with me, her guard staying in the deeper waters below the water's surface.

"I would very much like to lay with you again," she said sadly, "But it is not my phase for several nights yet." 

"I would not be as pleasant of company right now. Tempis, in an attempt to protect me, infected me with her love poison. I will need to refrain from those activities for a day or two. I need to ask you, do you expect visits for that reason alone?"

"No, I wouldn't mind one like that for special times."

"And how about what I do with other women while I am away?"

"Do as you will, mermaids mate with many partners. Our clan is special, for we have males, many don't. Now should you find one and wish to marry and it not be me, you would step down. No bad blood, a friend of the clan will always be, though betrayal would be death, and then some."

"And to what degree do I speak for the clan? What authority do I hold in the realm of the dweller kings and lords?" 

"You speak for me; what you agree to with them, I will abide or proclaim to the clan. I share some of your memory, remember. I have come to the realization that the human world is expanding, and we, the Mer-folk, have to adapt. There are fewer and fewer clans that don't live in fear of the human ships. The machines are stirring, even the deep races."

"So if I pursue an alliance with the Empire, you would agree?"

"I think we, as a people, to keep what we are, have to start thinking of ourselves as part of the larger world. We need to set aside the old notion that dwellers are not any of our concern. Like the Fhay, think how they would fight if threatened with imprisonment or extinction."

"She speaks the truth," Tempis says from a ledge just above us. "I was taken because the grove where my clan hunted was gone. My sisters and I lost our way, ending up in a human settlement. I was the only one that lived."

"There are many of these things happening. They just aren't spoken of because we aren't human. Three humans die on a road, soldiers come. Three mermaids are killed in a harbor, they celebrate," Caldoria continues.

"Four sirens are killed, they parade the bodies through town and pelt the survivor with their body parts before selling her," Tempis mumbles as tears pour down her cheeks. 

"I think she will need that water," Caldoria says to me.

I nod, slip into the water and swim towards shore. It seems easier climbing up than it did coming down. Reaching the top, I see Stacy riding in her wagon onto the area. She waves at me, almost jumping off the wagon. 

"Nameless, I need to talk to you. Kelly and Ella were already taken off by their father. He wanted to talk to you, but left a message for you. 'I am in your debt, ask what you will, Look for us in Meridous'. I tried remembering more but he babbled on, that was the gist of it though."

"What of you, where do you plan on going from here?"

"I don't know."

"Why are you coming back this way?"

"I'm reloading goods that are rightfully mine. It sounds weird but I still want that home my husband and I were going to make with each other. My body will heal; as to the rest of me, I need time to get over what has happened to me."

"May I offer a suggestion? Follow that ridge line for half a day, you will come to a gap with a Valley beyond it. When you get there, tell anyone you want to talk to Valkyrie, and that I sent you. Tell her what happened here."

"What is this place? Is it a real Valkyrie?"

"Some people may think so but no, she is an Elf, and someone I trust. She could help you."

She nods, and has her wagon loaded by the riders. I rifle the supplies of the dead men. I notice a reoccurring diamond symbol on armor and weapons as I gather water-skins and anything that appears palatable. I watch Stacy drive off before heading to the lake where I first arrived. As I walked to the bank, Nix swam over, popping her head up. 

"You ready to go back?"

"No, would you give me a hand washing and filling these?" I ask holding the skins up. "I will give you the run down while we do."

She nods, I relate the doings of the morning adding a request of her, to inform Val that I sent Stacy. 

"What a slave driver you are. You better reward your dutiful messenger lavishly for her service."

"The reward will be hefty."

"I hope that helped lighten your mood," she says ducking into the water and vanishing.

I return to the Queen and Tempis. Both of whom look relieved at seeing me. 

"Did something happen?" I ask.

"No, nothing like that. Our conversation just went well," Tempis said.

"Over descriptive."

"Yeah, you kind of ..."

"Returned as the subject could be embarrassing if taken out of context."

"Or overheard..."

At which both burst into laughter, even bringing the Queen's guard to the surface. I waved them back.

"Glad to see that the two of you have found subjects of mutual interest. So..."

A break in their laughter erupts more after hearing what I said. I leave them to their girl bonding and climb higher. This island of broken cliff face has four tiers weathered into its ocean facing side. I can see how I could sculpt it into a suitable living space. The only draw back being the difficulty in getting things across the tidal rift. Low tide left it passable on foot but to try carrying anything of size was questionable and high tide, please. 

"Water?" Tempis asks timidly.

I hand her all but one of the water-skins. "Where do you want your personal space to be?"

"Like for my nest?"

"A place that is yours. One that I would not enter with out your invitation. A nest, room, chamber, what ever you want to call it. Do you have a preference?"

"Over there," she points. "It will take some work, but I like that spot." 

"Then that space is yours."

"Caldoria would like you to go down to talk to her alone. She is real, um, you know."

I nod, "And your feelings?"

"I'm curious. You're impressive in your maleness."

I don't reply, just opting to retreat. Instead of climbing, I looked over the ledge checking for deeper water and jump. Surfacing, the guard are up and Caldoria is diving in towards me. She surfaces, her worried expression melting away at my smile. The guards submerge without being told.

"I was in a hurry when Tempis said you wanted me alone."

"So she didn't throw you?" She giggled.

"I may not be able to lift a dolphin out of the water, but that girl is a guppy in comparison."

"As having you in my head as I do, I feel you are uneasy with being my Consort when it comes to laying with other women. Am I incorrect?"

"I was, but you said that thing about if I wanted to marry, and it not be you. It does imply that you are not holding me to you that way only."

"I have but 4 days that I can come to you for that reason. It would be cruel to say you may have no others. You could go up and lay with Tempis if you wanted, I would not be hurt by it. The abandoning me just to go do so, I would dislike very much."

"I will hold myself to a more dutiful manner, and spend time with you as a lover, friend, and adviser, trying not to mingle one role with another."

"Good! When Nix gets amorous, be careful with her. More than one of her lovers has lost themselves in trying to be there for her. That is not what I wanted to see you alone for. I am glad we got that out in the open but the magic, I need to know about the magic."

"You know that language from me as well?"

"Yes, but I can't know that I do without seeing it written. On top of that, will I have command of it?"

"I don't know, I did not bring any books because we swam here. Not a good way for books to travel. I have an idea. Hold this," I say, handing her a wand of missiles.

"I feel it's magic, it shows me how it works..." 

"Calm, slow yourself, look into the magic past the how it works. See the lines in the spell it tells you how to use. This holds the spell kind of like in the book."

"I don't ... whoa.. I see it."

"Hold your calm, now read the spell from the wand but don't cast it." 

She murmurs to herself. I tell her, "Again, read it again."

"And now a third time, read it."

She finishes and her eyes fly open, "The spell! It's glowing in my mind."

"Give me the wand," taking it from her hand. "Now cast in the way you would if you were holding the wand. Point at that boulder on the shore."

"Strike Missile," she says as a bolt of magic energy leaps from the end of her finger to seer the side of the boulder.

"I would say you have use of magic."

"That felt amazing, not sexual but enjoyable."

"What are you two doing down there?" Tempis yells down.

"Exploring! Sorry," I call back.

"Could I do that all the time?"

"Yes, but only as many as you can hold in your mind at one time. When starting out, three or four is about the most you can do; as you practice and learn, others can be added giving you more usable to you in a day. There are other tricks you can learn that would give you a way of using simpler magics without memorizing them day after day."

"Teach me more, I want to learn."

"Calm, how about I do this. Look through the chests your mother's gathered. Find three rings you like, each with a different stone or pattern. I will put spells in them from the wands, and you would have them to use just as you did from the wand. I need to eat and get a drink of water myself. I won't go anywhere or distract myself laying with the siren."

She dived into the water leaving a rippling wake. I climb out of the water, and forage through the bag. Cheese of a light color and jerky not seasoned enough make up my fare. With her excitement, I would have guessed her return would be swift. I take the time to really look over the island, 100 yards north to south, 40 plus a little east to west not counting the four to twelve yard tidal rift. 

"Tempis, how tall do you figure the highest point here is?"

"Hollow pine," she answers.

" I mean in yards."

"Oh," She looks up, "three maybe." 

I shake my head realizing my mistake.

"Nameless! Are you down there?"

I look over one of the lower sections towards the cliff, "Lord Nelzury? Over here," waving.

"How far inland are you wanting to claim?"

"Would far enough to claim the lake be too much?" I ask instead of answering.

He turns around, "There's a lake?"

"Yes, can we do this later?"

He waved, and walks hand over his eyes searching for the lake. I head back down to the water, still no Caldoria. Tempis bounces past a half dozen times. I follow her with my eyes. She is lining the perimeter of her spot with rounded stones. 

"Riktys, sorry that took so long," Caldoria says.

"What happened?"

"I found a lot of rings but not many had stones left in them. Of the ones I found with stones, I finally found three with different stones. Here are the rest of them. They already have magic on them but I can't see it as I can in the wand," she says handing me a loop with eight rings on it, and holding three others.

I take the loop and hang it at my belt. The others I charge, one by one, each with a different spell from the wands: Missile, Entangle, and Sleep. I hand each back telling her the name of each spell and how it works. After telling her about the Entangle, she starts thinking about how the cove could do with some aquatic gardening with a wink and giggle.

Leaning down, I kiss her her cheek. "I will see you in the morning, I have to talk to the dweller king's man. He will sell me the land around the cove, and the water of the clan. That will legally protect the clan should others come, and are killed trying to hurt the clan."

"The King's men couldn't hunt us. We are defending ourselves, and the law would have to agree."

"Yes, I hoped you got those kinds of memories, too."

"You won't leave without saying good bye, right?"

"I'll camp here tonight and talk with you in the morning. I will make proper good-byes."

"Then do as you must," she says rising up and returning the kiss.

Crossing the tidal rift was tricky as the tide had risen, making the climb seem that much longer. I dust myself off after reaching the top. The guard up the road gave me a wave. I walked over and asked where the Lord was. They pointed in the direction of the lake but not in the same direction individually. It is no wonder a thieves school would raise an eyebrow with men like this guarding the realm.
