 "Tsimpi," Yathi whispered, her eyes widening. "I... I d-didn't realize..."

"Aw." Tsimpi tutted, shaking her head ruefully. "Poor human didn't realize I'd be back so soon! But I could never leave behind you, Yathi." She giggled. "We've become very fond of you. And weren't you so very fond of us?"

She idly licked her finger, her expression smoldering. It was almost comical how easily Yathi felt herself melting for that.

Yathi was still naked. Tsimpi's eyes ran over her like flowing honey, and it was as though Yathi could feel it coursing over her whole body. Yathi shook with desire. She had no weapons. No knives. Nothing but the familiar craving to drop to her knees and beg to lick. And Tsimpi hadn't even started her wings buzzing yet.

Tsimpi giggled, giving a long sigh. "Oh, Yathi, Yathi, Yathi. Whatever shall we do with you, sweetie? We're just gonna have to make you nice and comfortable on the way back to the hive. It'll be a long, sweet day, but then it'll get even sweeter. I promise." She batted her eyelashes.

With shaking fingers, Yathi reached down to the ground, as if going to kneel. Her fingers wrapped around a rock. If she could get in just one lucky throw, before Tsimpi could think to fully entrance her...

"It's gonna be such a funtrip, too. I bet you're looking forward to it already!" Tsimpi smirked, putting a finger to those golden-painted beestung lips. "You're all ready to get all sweet and yummy for our queen, aren't you?"

Yathi's fingers tightened. Slowly, she brought back the stone to throw, realizing that Tsimpi was distracted—even as she cooed mind-melting bliss towards Yathi, she was glancing up, looking around her...

"Isn't that right, gorgeous?" She giggled, and Yathi realized she was looking up at Trys, clinging desperately to the rope. Brist was right above her, crystals already swirling around his head. "You've met our queen. You know how good that feels."

There was a pause.

"Trys?" Yathi heard Brist say. "Trys, keep climbing!"

Trys bit her lip and took one more step down. Yathi brought her arm back to throw.

A drop of honey landed on her bare shoulder.

Yathi froze. Slowly, she looked up, and stared straight at Trys. Trys was biting her lip.

Her pussy was dripping.

Unthinking, unresisting, Yathi licked her shoulder. Pleasure filled her with relief. Her fingers trembled.

And then Tsimpi's eyes were back on her, and the Thriae smiled. "Silly mortals," she said sweetly. She wagged her finger at the stone in Yathi's hand. "Lucky for you your yummy friend is just dripping with excitement, huh?"

Still fifteen feet up, Trys leaped, sword raised in a silent strike.

Tsimpi's wings started to vibrate. A sweet, unbearable hum filled the air.

Yathi's mind immediately dissolved into buzzing, and she fell to her knees. The stone slipped from her fingers as she writhed helplessly.

Trys landed in a heap in the bushes in front of Tsimpi, and Yathi realized she was already furiously masturbating. Her eyes were wild. Perhaps, if she'd been able to call up those mental exercises—but the brief time in the pitcher plant had sent Trys off-kilter. That was Yathi's fault.

"There we go!" Tsimpi cooed. The commander swayed forward, smiling down at the squealing Trys as Trys writhed and twisted on the ground. She planted a foot delicately on Trys's hand, forcing her to drop the sword, and picked the sword up. She tossed it nonchalantly into the bushes.

Trys stared at her with wide eyes. Yathi stared, too, but her vision was hazy, blurred, as if through molten glass. Her lower lip quivered as a moan started to slip out.

Her whole head felt buzzy. Fuzzy. She giggled, then put a hand to her mouth, whimpering. She couldn't think. Couldn't fight.

Tsimpi turned back and smiled at her, radiant, angelic. Yathi's head tilted as her lips parted in wonder. She longed to obey this wondrous creature, to let Tsimpi draw her close and have her lick the Thriae out, suckle at her teat, kiss her. Anything. Whatever Tsimpi wanted.

Tsimpi glanced up again and gave a little giggle. "Aw!" She sighed. "Still one holding out?"

Yathi looked up. Brist clung to the rope. His eyes were screwed shut, and the crystals that had been spinning around his head now warped and spiked, a visual representation of his mind's desperate struggle.

"Are you too far away?" the Thriae sang, taking to the air. Her wings hummed endlessly as she flew closer to Brist, who let out a slight whimper. "or... Have you not had enough honey yet, sweet boy?"

"Not enough honey, Mistress!" sang another voice, and the catgirl emerged, climbing down the rope as well—headfirst. Her eyes shown with adoration lost to the buzzing. Gods, she looked so happy...

"Is that sooo?" Tsimpi cooed. She cupped his chin. His eyes opened.

Brist's fingers went slack. Luckily, Tsimpi was there to catch him, to cradle him in her arms.

She carried him down, laughing wickedly, kissing him again and again right on the lips. With every kiss, his struggles grew weaker. His eyes grew duller. His smile grew sweeter.

By the time they reached the ground, he was beaming every bit as widely as Trys and Yathi, lost in her eyes as she slowly guided him to stroke himself.

"Gooood toys," Tsimpi purred, as Mew fell weakly to the ground, whimpering at Tsimpi's feet. She smiled down at the catgirl, then at the captive mage in her arms, and gave him another kiss. "Gooood toys. So nice to be obedient, isn't it?"

"Y-Yes, Mistress," Yathi whimpered. The others followed suit. "Oh, yes, Mistress, please. Please let us submit."

Tsimpi dropped Brist to the ground, where he and Mew almost mindlessly wrapped around each other and started kissing—Mew filling him with her own traces of honey, trying to pull his pants down to slip him inside her...

Yathi and Trys lay on the ground, stroking themselves. Brist and Mew were fucking, too dumb and horny to even fully undress.

Tsimpi put her hands on her wide hips, smirking down at them.

"See?" She giggled. "Like, isn't it so easy to just submit to a smart, sexy fey? You're just so dumb, and it feels so good..."

"Hey, Tsimpi. I wanna submit, too."

Tsimpi whirled around as a gray blur shot out of the brush. She let out a horrible screech. The buzz collapsed into broken static.

And then there was red.

Ia stood there, flicking her sword about as Tsimpi fell back, clutching at her side. "I wanna submit 'three inches of sharp steel' for your consideration." The knight batted her eyelashes. "I hope this submission will be—"

Tsimpi took off into the air, wings buzzing now with no order, no soothing hum, just a frantic speed. Ia snarled and hurled the sword after, but too late—it only clattered against a tree trunk and fell back to the ground.

Ia turned away from the retreating fey and reached down, grasping Yathi's hand. "Time to go," she said, yanking her to her feet.

Brist was rising, too, clutching at his head as he disentangled himself from a clearly reluctant Mew. He was spitting. "Ia, you're—"

"Go. Time to go." Ia was pulling Yathi away. "Now. No time."

"Ia, wait!" Brist was still helping Trys to her feet, Yathi saw, as she numbly followed Ia's footsteps.

"No. We gotta go. We gotta go now." Ia spared him a desperate glance. "They're coming."

High-pitched giggles suddenly filled the air.

~ ~ ~ ~

Tsimpi bit her lip, her breaths coming in wet and shallow. Damn it, she'd forgotten how much getting stabbed could hurt. It had been too long. Not long enough. Every breath, every movement, every slight twitch sent ripples of fire through her body. 

She clung to the branch she'd fluttered to, clutching at the wound in her side. This. They would pay for this. If she survived, they'd pay for this. That wicked little homunculus would pay dearly indeed.

"Tsimpi!" said a concerned voice. Tsimpi managed to look up, gasping at the pain this caused.

The catgirls had arrived. They clung to every branch, some on the branch with her, some above her, some hanging onto nearby trees. She recognized most of them—many of these catgirls Tsimpi had personally suckled into addiction. They blinked wide-eyed at her.

"Are you okay?" whispered one that Tsimpi recognized as Elly—the one with the shoddy mind control magic. She always melted so eagerly for Tsimpi. "That looks bad!"

"It is bad," Tsimpi growled. "Please, I need healing. Do any of you have a... a potion?"

They exchanged looks, then shook their heads at her.

"I have some healing magic," piped up one, a brunette by the name of... Minty, wasn't it?

"Ugh... fine, yes, please." Tsimpi shuddered. "J-Just make it quick!"

"Okay!" The brunette climbed over next to her and picked Tsimpi up, bringing Tsimpi's head into her lap. Tsimpi breathed in the catgirl's thick, musky scent. There was a hint of honey to it, and despite it all, Tsimpi smiled. These catgirls were such sweet things, really. So easy, when it came down to it. Each and every one of these catgirls was a Stage One addict, barely held on the precipice of total collapse into obedience by patchwork substitutes. Someday, they would start to get reckless, and she would be able to start bringing them back to the Hive. One by one, they would be hers.

But for now, Tsimpi whimpered needily and allowed Minty to feel in control. She needed help now. She needed to live to make these catgirls kneel.

"Healing comes from in the mind, remember," Minty said softly, stroking Tsimpi's hair. "So you've gotta..."

"I know, I know." Tsimpi bit her lip against the pain, though she could already feel Minty's innate catgirl magic causing the pain to become slighter, more manageable with every stroke. She consciously relaxed her willpower. "J-Just make it quick. Please."

Minty took in a deep breath.

She let out a long, heavy sigh.

Tsimpi felt the wound start to tingle. A pleasant buzzing entered her mind—a buzzing that spread gradually through her whole body. The distant pain began to fade. Oh. Oh, Minty was good at her job. Tsimpi smiled in relief, feeling the wound sealing shut.

"Th-Thanks," she slurred, driven to graciousness by the heat of the moment. "N-Now..."

She tried to push herself off of Minty.

Her arms wouldn't obey her.

There was a pause. Tsimpi realized the buzzing in her mind hadn't gone away quite yet.

"What's wrong, honey?" asked Minty, and Tsimpi could hear the smile. "Aren't you gonna get up?"

Tsimpi's eyes narrowed. Whatever you do to me will be like heaven compared to what I do to you later, she wanted to say.

Instead, she heard herself giggle. "Don't wanna!" she bubbled.

Her eyes widened.

The catgirls around started giggling slightly, sounding a little nervous—as if unsure how thoroughly Tsimpi was under right now.

Tsimpi could feel it now. The little strands, tickling her nerves just right to... to...

"That's right, sweetie," Minty whispered, as Tsimpi felt herself being picked up, being carried downward. She felt soft fabric on all sides as they descended into a druid-crafted nest. She also felt an increasing number of mischievous hands. "You don't wanna. You wanna stay here, don't you?"

"Yes," Tsimpi whined, her ass wriggling. "Wanna stay! Fuck! Fuck!"

The catgirls were tittering in glee now, the nervousness gone as it became clear how solidly Tsimpi was under Minty's control.

"I bet you do!" Minty said, continuing to stroke Tsimpi's hair.

"Minty," said a redhead, eyes wide, "she kinda seems like she wants us to fuck her brains out!"

The words sent ripples of pleasure through Tsimpi. "Ooh, yeah," she moaned, "wanna... wanna..."

She realized she wasn't being forced to say anything and shut her mouth with a whimper. She went crimson as the catgirls exchanged knowing grins.

"Don't worry, honey," Minty cooed in her ear. "I'm in charge here. You're gonna love this."

Vaguely, Tsimpi remembered that Minty and her redheaded mate were the catgirls obsessed with pleasure torture—making their victims cum over and over again until they couldn't see straight, much less think straight.

Her pussy twinged.

"That's riiiight, puppy," Minty sang, fingers crawling down Tsimpi's body as she squirmed helplessly, "heeere comes the—"

"Hey, girls."

Minty froze mid-pet, her fingers hovering over Tsimpi's hips.

Tsimpi managed to look up. Kentri hovered in the air beside the nest. The blonde goddess smirked, as a familiar buzzing filled the air. "Are we all playing nice?" she cooed.

Minty trembled, biting her lip. "Nnn... n-no fair..."

But already, her hands were falling back to her sides. Most of the catgirls were more clearly resisting—several had their feline ears twitching, using their sensory magic to drop or weaken their hearing. A couple, like Minty, were falling fully under. And one or two were visibly struggling, even as that delightful glaze slowly entered their eyes.

Kentri landed on the nest and sat down on one of the catgirls who'd just collapsed to the soft floor, mewling softly. She smirked down at Tsimpi. "Sorry I'm late, captain. And sorry to interrupt—I know you were just about to make these little kittens submit to your will."

"Mm." Tsimpi nodded eagerly, intense relief flooding her. She'd had no idea how far he catgirls were going to go, but she doubted she would have liked it.

Or she would have liked it far, far more than she'd have liked. She kind of liked the sound of that.

"Naughty kittens." Kentri tsk'd, looking around her. The catgirls who hadn't managed to block their hearing were now either on the floor masturbating, on their knees staring up at Kentri in worshipful attention, or just standing there, watching in slack-jawed wonder. The rest looked merely cross. She turned back to Tsimpi, dropping onto her knees. Her wings stopped buzzing. "Let's get you out of here, shall we, Fearless Leader?" she whispered.

Tsimpi's lips quivered, and she nodded. "Let's have some fun first, though!" she said, giggling.

Wait. Had she... had she just said that?

Kentri seemed a little surprised, too. But there was now a different shape to her smile.

Oh, fuck.

Kentri's eyes seemed to glimmer with delight as she ran a hand over Tsimpi's breasts, raising one eyebrow. "Why, commander," she purred, gold-painted lips curving upwards, "did I hear you right?"

Tsimpi squirmed. "Uh-huh!" She giggled again, and the delight in her adoring stare felt... almost real. Like she was convincing herself. "I wanna... wanna..."

"Commander," Kentri said sweetly, "it sounds like you're commanding me to do something for you." She gestured, and Tsimpi's breath caught in her throat as she saw Minty crawling over to rest her head between Tsimpi's legs. The catgirl looked up at her, her eyes heavy-lidded, lost to Kentri's control, and licked her lips. "But what could it be?"

"Fuck me!" Tsimpi squealed. "F-Fuck me!"

More catgirls were surrounding her, now—not just the ones who were following Kentri's orders. They giggled down at her, their captive Thriae bimbo.

The thought almost made Tsimpi cum right there as she felt Minty's hot breath graze her clit.

Kentri beamed, leaning in close. Very close. "You're do clever, wise leader," she cooed in Tsimpi's ear. "Pretending to be a helpless bimbo so they'll all suck and lick and kiss you!" Her fingertips grazed Tsimpi's lips, and Tsimpi found herself trying to suck on the fingertips, to no avail (but to a lot of giggling from those around her). "We'll have them addicted to you in no time. Why, I'll bet every needy pussy in the forest will be kept busy by you! A brilliant plan. Ooh, such a smart commander."

"Nuh-uh!" Tsimpi sang, and her tone of voice made her whimper with delight. Or maybe that was the two catgirls descending to either side of her, wrapping themselves around her body, mouths moving towards her nipples with panting need. "I'm dumb! A dumb, happy bimbo!"

"Well..." Kentri winked. "Far be it from me to argue with a commanding officer! Hee!"

And the catgirls started to lick. Their rough, catlike tongues lapped over Tsimpi's nipples roughly, lapping up the sweet honey as it started to trickle out. Down below, Minty was a little bit more careful, sweetly kissing and gently touching her tongue over Tsimpi's throbbing clit. They licked her sides, tickled her underarms, and kissed her face. Tsimpi was bathed in their tongues, their kisses, their giggling praise and their tickling fingers.

Tsimpi started to squeal in pleasure, writhing, clutching the catgirls to her breasts as they started to lick faster. She panted, whined, started up helplessly at Kentri's wicked grin. The pleasure was unbearable, but she'd had worse. She bit her lip, struggling to hold in the screams, to keep some dignity in front of-

"Don't forget to sensitize her, girls!" Kentri cooed.

"Ooh, good idea!" one of the catgirls said.

And Tsimpi's head started to tingle.

Her mind went pink with pleasure, and she started to scream.

~ ~ ~ ~

"There's a good girl," the Thriae cooed, petting their pets' hair. "Aw, there we go. Good girl!"

There were two of them and four hamadryads.

Not a problem—there was plenty to drink for everyone.

The Thriae giggled, clutching the hamadryads to their bosoms, and watched fondly as the honey fey in turn sent themselves into sweet, sweet addiction.

The honeysuckle hamadryads had long white hair, and pale yellow-green eyes in contrast to the Thriae's burnt amber. They wore long, flowing green dresses, and a sweet, floral smell hung around them.

But their pheromones were currently being drowned amid the cloying scent of the Thriae.

Honeysuckle hamadryads had weak wills, and were even weaker for sweet things. Usually this just meant they lived in clusters, keeping each other endlessly happy with their own kisses.

But sometimes a cupid or Thriae would come along, or a catgirl who knew how to enhance the hamadryads' taste buds just enough to overwhelm them. And then the hamadryads would keep someone else happy for a while.

The Thriae smiled smugly, even as each savored the exquisite sensation of being nursed by two beautiful women. It had been easy to make these ladies submit. The catgirls had them wrapped around their fingers, of course, but catgirl toying was no comparison to a Thriae's unbearable sugary toxins. The hamadryads had been lost the second they'd laid eyes upon their new Mistresses.

And now, thanks to their captain's plan, the patrol wouldn't just be able to capture the humans. They would finally have these rebellious catgirls under their thumb for good.

The Thriae were so delighted with themselves, and with their newest slaves, that they didn't even notice the footsteps behind them. Nor did they notice the glowing crystals rising around them. They lounged back into the honeysuckle vines, enjoying the overlapping sweet smells, the way the vines gently, flirtatiously tickled their arms and legs.

Then they started to realize that they couldn't move.

~ ~ ~ ~

At first, nothing happened, and Yathi wondered if Brist's magic had failed him. He certainly hadn't used a lot of it this journey. The glow surrounding the fey was very pretty, but didn't seem to have any immediate effect.

Then the Thriae started to whine. They continued to clutch the hamadryads to their chests—for they could not move their hands away—but their eyes were widening in realization. They could not speak, could not buzz their wings, could not even giggle.

Brist's magic had completely paralyzed them.

"How long can you keep that up?" Trys asked quietly.

Brist hovered next to the two of them, eyes glowing with the intensity of his concentration. Three shining opal-like gems swirled around his head, connected around his neck by little silver chains. "N-Not... long..." he panted. "M-Mountain tears... w-weak battery..."
