 "The Director will see you now, Captain."

Captain Rhoelt swallowed, downed the rest of their tea, and set the cup aside. They locked eyes with the clerk—a blonde woman with narrow spectacles and a too-bright smile—and nodded, rising to their feet. "Very good, then."

They followed the clerk to the office door. The Captain of the Silver Knights spared one glance back at the cramped waiting area—mostly full of miners with grievances, broken limbs, broken bodies, broken minds—and locked eyes with the clerk. "Is he in a good mood?"

The clerk giggled and beamed at them. "No."

Rhoelt tried to swallow, but their mouth was dry. They entered the Director's office.

The Lacratian Continent had few true corporations nowadays. With no kingdom to protect them, they rarely survived long before some enterprising band of villages decided that the land was better-suited to their hands than the hands of some suited bureaucrats.

The city of Enterprise was one of two urban sprawls in Lacra, and considerably smaller than Nyaska, off to the east. Originally, it had housed the kingdom's largest silver mine, as well as an order of knights dedicated solely to defending it.

Now, there was no kingdom. The Horny War had exterminated the Royal Family, exterminated all but a scattering of knighthoods. Most had gone vagrant. A few orders, like the Venom Knights, had dissolved into the growing ranger orders, or joined with the old inquisition nonsense.

"Captain Rhoelt." The spinning chair was faced away from Rhoelt. The Director appeared to be admiring an ugly kind of map on the wall—a map of the mines and regions under Enterprise control. There was a lot of gold paint on that map. "Captain of the City Watch. Knight of the City. Current head of the Silver Knights." He stressed the word 'current' in the manner a chef would stress a belladonna flower accidentally dropped into a soup. "Do you know what this map means, Captain Rhoelt?"

Nobody ever heard Rhoelt laugh. Nobody ever saw Rhoelt show fear. To their knights, Rhoelt was a stone, an immovable force to to pleaded with. Rhoelt gave a nervous laugh. "I-It's a remarkable thing, sir. No force has ever held a Thriae incursion off this long, to my knowledge."

Director Mavlin turned to Rhoelt, and Rhoelt withered beneath a yellow-eyed stare of total contempt. The Director took a sip from his thick, fruity-smelling drink—no doubt dosed with trace amounts of expensively distilled Thriae honey—and set the glass down. He was a comfortable sort of man, t in contrast to Rhoelt's austere shape and manner. His face was pale, but full, for the Director of Enterprise ate well. His ears were slightly pointed, betraying a hint of elven lineage. His hair was dyed a whitened gold and hung in loose ringlets. He was dressed in fine blues and purples, his suit embroidered with elaborate silver thread patterns. His silver earrings jangled as he locked eyes with Rhoelt. "We lost another shipment today."

Rhoelt nodded slightly. "It's difficult to avoid, sir. The Thriae have almost surrounded the city."

Mavlin snorted, leaning over his desk and fiddling with a pen. "Rhoelt, I don't know what more you want from me. This has been a very expensive operation since we disturbed the Hive. My job—and therefore your job—depends on keeping certain investors very happy with me. They are not." He raised dark eyebrows. "Do you know what that means?"

"Um. No, sir." Rhoelt was fairly certain they knew well, but it didn't do to interrupt Mavlin when the Director was on a rant.

Mavlin stabbed the pen into the desk, his voice raising in both pitch and volume. "It is fast becoming clear that they want to cut their losses! You'll be lucky if all they do is replace me—they might decide that this whole city is a waste of money, and come to take everything here back. Including the Knights whose lives they've bought and paid for."

Rhoelt tapped their fingers together. "Sir, the trouble with the Thriae is—"

"What? What is the trouble?" Mavlin's eyes flashed to Rhoelt's, full of rage. "Haven't I given you what you asked for? I pulled all our workers back into the central complex! I bred an entire generation of employees immune to that damned honey!" Fingers trembling, they took their glass and took a deep drought of the drink. They never broke eye contact, glaring fiercely at the captain.

Rhoelt nodded quickly. "Th-The alchemy sprites have helped, but... the side effects have made it challenging. And the Thriae are still fearsome warriors, and numerous. We don't have enough mages. If we had more magical support..."

"I don't care." Mavlin slammed the glass down, eyes narrowed. "I want the Hive destroyed! So tell me, Rhoelt—what are you doing to achieve that? Why have you called all your Knights back?"

"There's nothing more they can do now. They'd only encourage the Thriae to push. Right now, we need most everyone behind the walls. We... we need to buy time."

Mavlin lurched to his feet, eyes blazing. "Are you listening?" he snarled. "We don't have time! The investors will pull out any goddamned day, and you've apparently given up on solving this mess!"

"I have... things in motion." Rhoelt cleared their throat. "Okino's group—"

"That's a suicide mission," Mavlin spat. "Five knights against a whole Hive?"

"It won't be a head-to-head struggle, I assure you." Rhoelt raised an eyebrow. "Believe me, sir, Okino is one of the best. And he picked the best."

"I don't believe you." Mavlin glared up at Rhoelt for a moment, then slowly sat back down, reaching for his glass once more. "But you had better hope I'm wrong."

Rhoelt swallowed. "Okino knows what he is doing. I am confident he won't let us down."

~ ~ ~ ~

As Minixi led him by the hand down a dark, narrow corridor pocked with doors along every few meters of both sides, Okino mulled over everything that had happened in the last couple of days and wondered just what he was doing. Over the last day days, Okino had undergone a transformation from respected Knight of the City to mewling honeypot to infatuated sorceress boytoy to...

He stared at Minixi's large, shapely rear as she swayed forward, her wings fluttering ever-so-slightly. And now he belonged to Minixi. Now he was just a slave to her and his bimbo cock.

He bit his lip. Minixi was helping him escape. That was good. But she would probably want to keep him as her toy after—especially since she'd been so careful earlier to make sure he was addicted. And that was bad.

He needed to remember that that was bad.

He needed to escape and reunite with his group. That would need him. They didn't know what he knew about the Hive. They didn't even know where the Hive was.

But even considering leaving Minixi made his heartrate quicken. Minixi took care of him. Minixi let him cum whenever he wanted. Minixi had made him a good boy. His bimbo cock would submit to anyone—best to submit to her, Minixi, who would take care of him and protect him and make him feel good.

Okino swallowed. He had to find a way out. Had to fight his way free. When the time came.

For now, he and Minixi would work together, but he had to have a plan for when they escaped this place. He had to keep his head as clear as possible, so when the time came, he would be able to resist. He had to keep his mind as free as possible.

"What's on your mind, sweetie?" Minixi asked offhandedly.

"Please, Minixi," he said, "can I have another taste?"

Minixi turned to face him, a maternal smile gracing her plump lips. "That's a good boy," she cooed, leaning in to plant a long, sensuous kiss on his lips that left him breathless with her taste and scent. "Lots of nasty thoughts, huh?"

"Unh. Yes, Minixi." Okino shivered at her proximity. "N-need... more..."

She giggled, patting him on the head. "Go on, then," she cooed, giving her breasts a little jiggle.

Hypnotized, Okino's eyes settled on one nipple, and he lowered down to latch his lips onto it and suck, nursing with needy little sounds.

Minixi gave a happy sigh. He felt her thigh caress his cock, soon to be replaced by a honey-slick hand. "There's a good boy," she purred. "Your bimbo cock just needs to be taken care of all the time, doesn't it? What would you do without me?"

As if demonstrating, she halted in her strokes for a moment. Still suckling, Okino gave several pathetic whines. He needed the pleasure! Otherwise he'd obey anybody, give in to anybody!

"Good boy!" She laughed and resumed stroking, pumping him steadily as he filled his mouth—his taste buds—his mind with sticky, saccharine sweetness. And she pumped that sweetness right back out of him. "Good boy gets to cum. Good boys get to cum all the time. Good boys for Minixi get Minixi to make their bimbo cocks feel so, soooo good." She stroked his hair. "Isn't that right?"

"Mm-hm!" Okino moaned. He did try to stay silent, he truly did. But the second she asked him a question in that sweet, adorable voice, what else could he say? She had already rendered him helplessly addicted to her honey, but more than that, to her every touch, her every word. She was his goddess, and all he could do was worship at her breast.

She laughed. "See? It's just so much better this way, sweetie. Mm..." Her fingers delicately stroked around his cock's head as she continued to pump him, and his moans started to get higher-pitched, weaker, as she got closer and closer. Fresh honey squirted into his mouth, and is mind momentarily shorted out from ecstasy—only for her to switch breasts and transfer his gasping lips to the other nipple. "We tried you being in charge, remember?"

Okino moaned loudly, his eyes fluttering shut. Minixi tutted, in an almost motherly tone. "Yes, we did. You tried being in charge, and look where it's got you!" Her fingers ran tenderly through his hair. "Just a sweet little slave to me. You're lucky your bimbo cock found me, and not some mean lady who would take... advantage." Her fingers entwined possessively in his hair, petting him.

"Mm..." Okino was bucking helplessly. He was close, close, so so so close...

"So I'm gonna be in charge, now," she cooed. "That's what's best for you. Is that okay, sweetie?" She giggled. "I know your cock thinks it is. And he just makes allll your decisions, now, doesn't he?"

Okino was whining, drinking desperately, filling his mind with sweet nonsense as he listened to her sweeter nonsense.

She patted his head. "There's a good boy. Ooh, there's a good, good, good boy. Now, cum for—"

All around them, the doors flew open.

Okino was having trouble being... aware of things. It was so easy to just close his eyes and bask in the golden ecstasy of honey that steadily trickled onto his tongue, relaxing his mind and softening it to be nice and gooey-sweet for Minixi. But his eyes half-opened now.

Four doors had opened, each at an angle to him and Minixi so they were caught directly in the center. And in each doorway stood an elf.

They looked like they were from the Western Plain, each with brilliant blonde hair and bright silvery blue eyes. Their skin was a very pale shade of off-green. Up ahead, the one to their right was short and curvy, while the one ahead to their left was tall and slender, the picture of stereotypical elven grace. The one behind them, on the same side as the slender elf, was quite plain-faced, but had the most lovely smile Okino had ever seen—and she clearly knew it, too, because she was wearing an emerald-green lipstick and smiled right at them with almost laser focus. The final elf across from her was slight, with a freckled face and freckled breasts.

They were all naked, all with blonde long hair hanging down to their ankles. And they all wore the same brilliant emerald pendant hanging around their necks—so large and elaborate it looked like it almost weighed them down, as it produced that roiling green mist that seemed to swirl around their heads, into their eyes...

"Hi," the shortstack elf breathed, smiling dizzily at them. At Minixi. "Ooh, you're... sooo cute..."

"Oh my gosh," whined the beanpole across from her, staring at Okino, "she's got honey!"

Okino looked up at Minixi and saw her licking her lips. "That's right," she cooed, slowing her strokes. Okino whimpered softly as his orgasm receded, and she stroked his hair to encourage him to keep up his slow suckling. "Lots and lots of sweet, sweet honey. And what might your names be, sweeties?"

"Mistress calls me Pillow," the shortstack said, swaying slightly.

"She calls me Quilt," chirped the willowy girl, smiling bashfully.

"Mistress calls me Lullaby," said the slight freckled girl behind them, and Okino shivered slightly at how... pretty her voice was.

"And Mistress calls me Blanket," said the woman with the pretty smile, winking.

"Such cute names," Minixi cooed, clutching Okino a bit tighter. "Ooh, you look like such darlings. Maybe I'll take a few of you with me."

"Maybe," Lullaby whispered. "Maybe. That sounds nice..."

"Mm..." Minixi beamed back at Lullaby, turning slightly to face her. "You seem like a good girl."

"Yes... good girl..." Lullaby's fingers traced around the amulet in endless little spirals. "Ooh, I can be... such a good girl..."

Okino was trained to recognize hypnotic inductions. Even as he suckled near-mindlessly at Minixi's teat, he recognized her danger and tried to warn her. But his moans only seemed to make Minixi more aroused as she clutched him, began carrying the two of them slowly towards Lullaby.

"That's right," Lullaby purred. "You wanna come here and have some fun with me, don't you?"

"Have... fun... mm..." Minixi swayed forward, eyes locked on that amulet as it glimmered and glowed.

Okino saw a green light entering Minixi's amber eyes. Had to save Minixi. Minixi kept him safe. With all his might, he waved a hand up in front of her eyes.

Minixi blinked. She quickly turned away, still looking dizzy. "Ooh, that's, um..."

"I can be a good girl, too," cooed Quilt, swaying gently in place in a hypnotic, serpentine rhythm. Her amulet flashed brightly, immediately attracting Minixi's gaze. "I can be a good girl for you. Make you... feel good..."

"Unh..." Minixi shook herself, forcing her gaze away. "N-No..."

"Hey, sweetie," cooed Pillow, beaming as Minixi unthinkingly turned to face her. She giggled at how dizzy Minixi looked. "you're looking a little... sleepy. Why don't you come over here and let me take care of you?"

"Ummm..." Minixi had already taken a few stumbling steps when she stopped short, blinking rapidly. "N-No, I..."

"Oh, sweeeeetie," sang Blanket, flashing the impossibly pretty green smile as Minixi helplessly turned to face her. "Want me to kiss you allll better?" She blew Minixi a sweet kiss and giggled.

"Kiss me... mm..." Minixi shook her head weakly, taking a few steps towards Blanket.

"Sweetiepie," whispered Lullaby, smiling slyly as Minixi started stumbling towards her. "You look so sleepy."

"Sleepy..." Minixi slurred, a dim smile on her face.

Okino watched helplessly as the elves led her back and forth between them. Minixi always fought it off after a few steps, but she was so disoriented after, she just kept letting another elf trance her. She was being bathed in hypnotic inductions. Okino whimpered, sucking on her nipple as she continued to absentmindedly stroke him. How could someone be so easy to control?

"C'mere, sweetie," cooed Blanket, as Minixi stumbled once again towards her, moaning. Okino moaned, too, in a mix of fear ad need—Minixi had not stopped edging him since the women had appeared, and he was starting to feel the need to cum overpowering everything else in him. "Come to bed."

"Come to me, sweetie," Pillow whispered, bouncing her breasts around the amulet with a sly grin. "You're soooo sleepy..."

"Sweeetie," sang Lullaby, and Minixi turned slowly to face her. Okino felt her grip on him slacken, and he fell from her arms to the floor with a pathetic whimper. He watched Lullaby spread her arms wide. "It's sleepytime for Sweetiepie," she said, giggling.

Minixi practically swooned into her arms.

"M-Minixi," Okino cried, his cock throbbing, as Lullaby started to stroke between Minixi's legs, as the Thriae started to cry out in confused pleasure. Lullaby guided her gently through the doorway. All four elves were grinning wickedly.

In unison, all four doors slammed shut.

Okino was left alone, his... his bimbo cock still begging for Minixi's touch. And only Minixi's touch.

~ ~ ~ ~

Ia, Knight of the City and faithful slave for Mistress Elly, bounced in Brist's lap, pouring praise into his ears like honey down a funnel. She wriggled her ass, moaning loudly in spite of her best efforts. Oh, it just felt too good.

"Good boy," she cooed, nibbling his earlobe. "Th-ThaaaAAAt's a—a good boy. Mistress Elly's... good, good boy."

"I... wha... mm..." Brist was clearly trying so hard to understand what she was doing, was the most adorable thing. She smiled and covered him with kisses, silencing his attempts at questions, smothering his attempts at thoughts. She loved him so much. She loved all of Mistress Elly's toys so much.

"Mistress Elly will make you feel like this all the time," she purred, and kissed him right on the lips, slipping her tongue into his mouth as he tried to speak. She effortlessly milked his throbbing cock, squealing into the kiss as she sank down once more. The pleasure came as much from doing her sweet Mistress's bidding as anything else.

Ia pulled back, and she couldn't help but beam at the look in Brist's eyes. He looked like he was trying to remember why he'd been worried. Oh, why indeed?

Ia winked and gyrated her hips around his cock, giving his face a little lick. "How's this feel?"

"Um..." Brist blinked rapidly. "G-Good..."

"Good for Mistress Elly," she whispered, and kissed him again as he began to look puzzled.

Ia wasn't a hypnotist, and Brist, though plenty weak-willed—she giggled as she felt him cumming again, knowing that the oils Elly had dosed her with would ensure he could keep cumming for days, if needed—was not going to be brainwashed by just a few minutes of Ia bouncing on his cock. It was fun, but he would break free eventually, especially when she stopped overwhelming his brain with pleasure.

But Ia had all night to take care of her little wizard. Her heart glowed with excitement.

"Doesn't it feel good to just lie back and do what you're told?" she whispered in his ear.

"Mm... um... I..."

"Cum!" she squealed happily.

Brist cried out as he came to an explosive climax, nearly going limp from sheer ecstasy. Ia just wrapped her arms around him and held him steady. As she held him, twitching and spasming, she cooed in his ear, "Cum for obedience, cum for Mistress Elly, obedience is pleasure. Cum for obedience, cum for Mistress Elly, obedience is pleasure. Cum for..."

Brist moaned and squirmed slightly. Elly blinked, realizing he was coming out of the post-orgasmic trance earlier than she'd expected. She leaned in close. "Didn't it feel good to do as I said?" she purred, running her hands along his chest and easing him onto his back on the mossy log.

"Y-Yeah..." he mumbled, gazing up at her with glazed eyes, and she grinned, realizing he was even farther gone than she'd hoped. "But... I can't, um... can't..."

"Can't what?" she asked, beaming down at him. She batted her eyelashes. "Am I not making you cum enough?"

Brist seemed unsure how to respond to that, as a single understanding trickled into his lust-drunk brain: There could be more. His eyes were glossy, devoid of thought. His lips hung open in empty-headed bliss.
