 THX nthusiastic for the edit, it goes on.

*****

"Well ladies, we are going to keep Jack jumping. Valkyrie doesn't want him here and he wants to see me."

"Yeah, we all know this," Clue says. 

"Oasis and Stacy, you need to gather up snacks for the trip. Blank, I need you to get more of this lovely bedding for the wagon so get the used stuff, we'll only be using it once. Cross, we need real weapons, hand held or light crossbows with bolts, blades, and armor for you and Qasis. Liz, I need you to go into the basement and put a box together with five of each kinda bottle down there. Nix, you'll stay here until the king arrives. You'll be our look-out. Given what you and I found on our way back stay in the water. I'll come to you when we arrive."

"What are you going to do?" Blank asked.

"Get some needed sleep," I said walking over to the bed, climbing in. Sleep came before any of them could ask me or offer anything either.

Morning came too quickly. I groaned, and nuzzling at both sides of my neck started immediately. I kissed the nuzzlers and fought my way out of the bed. I swapped places with Stacy in the water closet. Once I emerged, the ladies all wanted a morning kiss. I blamed Clue who happened to be first in line and the loudest about wanting one.

In short order, we are dressed and toting things down to Stacy's wagon. Val brings the gold coins for the platinum and a movers' wand, shrink-enlarge. Handy for the shopping I'll be doing along the way. After hugging Nix, I'm the last one up into the wagon. Looking out the back of the wagon as we leave, I can't help but think I won't recognize the place when we return.

"Where are we going first?" Cross asks from the driver's seat.

"Any bigger town between here and the coast where we can get lumber, furniture, cookware and the like," I answer.

"Meridous' it is," Cross announces.

"We can look up Kelly and Ella," Stacy suggests.

"We can give it a try," I reply.

"You're not bringing them back with us are you?" Clue asks suspiciously.

"Not planning on it."

The ride to Meridous is long and bumpy. Even with all the pillows and padding, we have to stop four times to walk off the numbness from our legs. The road we're on isn't much more than a farmers' trail. Cresting a hill, the city comes into view. The layout of the place looked ill conceived, most of the roads were too narrow, and buildings were set at odd angles to each other. 

"Where do you want to start, Nameless?" Cross asks.

"A lumber yard, then to a tavern for some food."

Rolling up to the mill yard was less pleasant than how I envisioned it should be. The workmen's cat calls at Cross and the others had me livid before my feet hit the ground. One of them commenting on the girls owning a 'pretty boy' pushed me over the edge. I called up an army of aerial servants and turned the yard into a dust storm of sticks and bark.

A city guard sounded the alarm, and before I knew it I was surrounded by armed guards and their captain. The winds died down and I put my hands up. The captain steps up to me looking me over with a sneer. 

"Mage magic use in the city is prohibited." he says.

"I did not see that on any of the notice boards. I won't be using anymore. Thank you."

"What were you after, mage?"

"I wanted to spend money here. It was just so dirty. I did them a favor cleaning up the place."

"You are some kind of moron," he says. "You're going to have to pay the fine."

"How much?"

"Five gold coins," he says sternly.

"You want that now or at the city office?"

"You think you're funny? You're coming with us." 

"Captain, I wouldn't anger that man. That is Nameless, the mage, Destroyer of the wicked despots of the south road," a well dressed man says from the edge of the crowd.

"You're Nameless?" the captain asks. "You were just cleaning? How nice of you."

"Nice talking to you, captain."

"Yeah, sure. Men, move out!" he says as he hurriedly retreated down the street.

"Well met, Master Nameless, Earl Cabot, Kelly and Ella's father."

"Yes, Earl, I remember. How are they doing?"

"They are doing well, given things as they are."

"That sounds less then supportive, Cabot, just an observation, not judgments."

"I would discuss it differently, not out here in the street."

"Over lunch, after I finish our business here then?"

He just nods.

Stepping into the freshly cleaned lumber yard, I take stock of what they have readily available. Floor planking is the most abundant with a similar stock of fencing timber. Blank steps to my side, scribe's pad and quill at the ready. The owner of the yard hesitantly approaches.

"Good day, sir. What can I help you with?" he greets us, eying Blank's figure openly.

"Framing timber. 4X6- 4X8, any chance of beams? 6X10 of 12 feet or more?"

"Construction timber are ordered by the job, we don't keep those cuts on hand."

"Make note of that," I remark to Blank. "Thank you sir, we'll be on our way then. Cabot, looks like we are ready for lunch. What do you recommend?"

"Ilsted's has a fine menu," Cabot answers. 

"Lead on, sir," I say, waving my arm before me. Once away from the lumber yard, "Is there another millwright in town to get lumber from?"

"Not really but if you give me a list of what you want, the shipwrights on the other end of town mill their own lumber."

"We will just have to go there after lunch."

Walking beside the Earl, Cross follows a pace behind. The rest ride in the wagon at a slow walk. Passing shops as we make small talk, I point out places for Blank to take note of. Arriving at Ilsted's, I stand with Cabot and Cross as we wait for the others. Stepping inside, the hostess's smile goes from warm to a thin taut line on her lower face.

"How many?"

"Seven, and if possible near windows, I'd much like to keep tab's on the weather outside." 

"Sir, we don't serve their kind," pointing at Clue. "Their sticky finger are too well known."

"Clue, are your fingers sticky?" I ask in a raised voice.

"I washed after breakfast, Master. See, clean," she answers holding them up for inspection.

"Regardless, she can't be here." 

"Cabot, I am starting to gain a real distaste for this city. Surely there are less opinionated places in which to get food?"

"Yes, I would think so," he answers giving the hostess a squinting look.

As we turn to retrieve the wagon, two men are half in side digging around. I don't bother with a warning. I missile them both in the back. They fall to the ground groaning. Stepping over them, I pull the reins of the horses, and start leading the wagon down the street as a stable hand would. 

"Earl, I see how such a ruthless group was able to gain such numbers, and set up shop as it were, so close to this city. I would advise packing your daughters, selling off your holding here, and moving to the capital. As quickly as possible. I have an associate there that could help with finding the basics."

"I have never seen this kind of thing here before. Is this person knowledgeable?"

"I think so, he is a keen judge of things. I think it helps with his current vocation."

"Oh, what work does he do?"

"He, well... Blank, how would describe the daily business handling skills of the king?"

The women all giggle, and Cross holds the Earl upright. 

"Yes, Earl Cabot, I have had business with the king. He may even be on his way to this local area."

"The king is coming here? I haaaff..." he stammers before his eyes roll back and faints.

"Now you did it," Cross complains. 

"Just toss him in the back," I say thumbing at the wagon. "Anyone smell something good?"

"I thought you'd never ask! This way, and food here is da-nom.." Clue says scooting ahead of us. She turns down an alley. 

"Clue!" I yell.

"What?!?" she yells back.

"Forgetting something?" I say, holding up the reins, pointing at the wagon.

"Right. The long way around."

"We seem to be getting a lot of dirty looks," Cross remarks softly over my shoulder.

"It's the ears. I've gotten used to it."

Turning a corner, Clue darts ahead again. She grabs a halfling guy, and yabbers something at him. He grins and nods excitedly. She scoots into a gathering of halflings, and yips something pointing at me the whole time. The group jumps and scatters in every direction.

"Master Nameless, I'm Lester Park and I'll watch your wagon,sir." the guy Clue first grabbed says.

"Sure, don't let anything happen to the Earl we have in there."

"You got it, no problem," he assures as I hand him the reins.

Turning my attention back to Clue, the halflings clear tables, place pillows on them, and carry a large door between them. Two others stand sawhorses under it. A dance of halflings ladies unroll a table cloth, set out baskets of bread sticks and silverware. Clue waves us over, her huge smile mirrored by a large number in the gathering around her.

"Nameless, this is my dad's second wife, Peika, she owns this place," Clue says.

"Oom, this is Master Nameless, Cross, Oasis, Stacy, Blank and.. oh. Right. Everyone this Peika, my Oom," she introduces.

"You taking care of.. Clue for us, Master Nameless?"

"Doing as well as I can. She is very independent in some things, and a lot faster than me." 

A surge of laughter splits the crowd.

"Well, sits them tails down, and I'll shuck up some food for the lot of you."

"I told her you were researching how to make me right again in my last letter home."

"Tell her anything else I should know?" 

"No, that's it, I think. I did tell her how sweet you were, but that's it. Wait, I might have said something about your bigness, or was that my mom I told?"

The others giggle and take seats. Clue smiles before ducking off after her Oom. I take a seat looking around the dining area and the wagon is still in sight. Lester sitting on one of the horses while petting the other. The tall folk seem to stay to the far side of the street from this place. Clue and three others come to the table wielding bowls.

A bowl is set before each of us with a large rock in it. We all turn looking at Clue in confusion. She hops up on a seat, lifts a small mallet, and whacks the rock in her bowl. It split open to spill chicken chowder into the bowl. She hands the mallet to Cross.

"I got you a spicy one. After the things you said about Blank's stew, this should fit your tastes."

"Did I miss something?" I ask..

"While you were away. Cross stopped in one evening," Blank conveys. "I had stew on and offered her some. She said it was bland and tossed a generous portion of hot peppers in."

"That one is spicy like nothing else. Make your tits sweet," Clue says grabbing a few bread sticks.

"Really?" Cross asks as she smacks her rock.

I can taste the spice from where I am sitting. Cross just grins, lifting the shell out before leaning in to take a strong sniff. A few halfling crane their necks to see her reaction. The mallet makes its way to me and I smack the rock in my bowl. The cheesy strips of meat pour forth with onions and bell pepper strips. A basket is set next to me with a larger hoogie roll in it.

"In case you want it sandwich style," Clue says over a mouth full of bread stick.

"I see, well, so far this town sucks. This is the only place that hasn't been rude or crass. Stacy, is this the closest town to where we are going?"

"Yes, and the only one from where we are to there," Stacy says handing the mallet to a wiatress.

"I don't think I like the thought of spending money here," I say. "Yeah, that sounded weird."

They all nod.

"Then let my sibs do the shopping. They know all the polite places," Clue suggests.

"We can get any special items in Cholesta down the coast. From where we are, your island is a two hour ride. Cholesta is only an hour plus a little to the south of it," Stacy says.

"So ten miles from here and then six south. Sound about right?" Blank asks noting the distances.

"That sounds right," Stacy confirms.

"Sounds like a plan. We will have to go to the shipwright for lumber regardless, with large amounts of rope needed, as well."

After eating, I would describe what I wanted to a pair of halflings, hand them coins, and repeat the process. As they returned with items, they were organized into piles. They seemed to be having a jolly time running about doing the shopping for us.

"The KING is coming!!" the Earl shouted bolting up right in the wagon. 

"Oasis, go make sure the Earl doesn't hurt himself, and bring him over."

"Is the king really coming, Mister Nameless?" a halfling boy asks shyly.

"He may pass by. I don't think he is going to stop. Too bad for him, these are tasty rocks."

The snickers and giggles around me put a dorky smile on my face.

"Nameless, why.. what are you doing?" the Earl asks bewildered.

"Shopping. The smart way."

"Shopping?"

"Master, if I may?" Clue asks..

"Please, Clue, enlighten our disheveled Earl."

"Master Nameless would rather do business with polite people. If you want to know who the polite ones are, ask the local halflings," Clue says to the Earl, heads all around her nodding in agreement.

"I should get home, the girls will be worried about me," he says.

"No, just mad we had to hear from a wheelwright, our father was running around town with Nameless and didn't bother sending a page to tell us," Kelly growls.

"Nameless!" Ella squeals before tackling me with a hug. A few of the halfling around me even cringe when she hits me.

"I'm sorry, dear, things started off strangely," the Earl starts.

"Then he fainted dead when Nameless made mention of the king wishing words with him in person," Cross bluntly informed. "Not knowing where to return him, we tossed him in the wagon to sleep it off."

Kelly's scowl vanished as laughter took hold of her. Cabot just stood there sheepishly fiddling with his fingers. Ella released her hold of me so I could hug Kelly and make introductions. The last of the items made there way into piles, then packing crates. Movers' wand at the ready, and poof, three easily movable shoebox sized crates.

The girls chatted as we made our way to the shipwright. They voiced how things looked different, and what they wanted had changed so much that their father didn't know what to make of it. I told them like the Earl they should leave this town and move to the capital. Neither seemed to understand the benefits, but the choice was theirs.

We parted ways before reaching the shipwright's building yard. A thickly armed man stood at the gate as we approached.

"Master Nameless, I have been waiting for you." his deep voice ominous but pleasant. 

"Have you? For good reasons I hope."

A friendly laugh, "A few of my tappers told me you'd make it here at some point looking for beams and timbers. They said you were generous with coin to people who treated you fairly. My yard has been quiet of late so, I waited for you personally."

"Well met then. Yes, beams as well as rope in a large supply." 

"Master Sark, at your service," he says offering his hand.

Many coins later I had sails, rope, and beams stowed on the wagon, a barrel of mounting rings and cleats, all of which had not only Master Sark but the ladies with me confounded. I believe not for the same reasons though.

A pass through the market concluded our interlude in Meridous. I hope to not deal with this city anymore than necessary. Making our way south, the king's guard are impossible to miss. A passing thought of them being here to invade makes me giggle. We are ordered to hold and state our business. 

"I'm running from the king. I think he's mad at me so, well here we are."

"What are you doing?" Stacy and Blank hiss in unison. Clue laughs, almost falling out of the wagon.

"Nameless, you son of a bitch, get over here!" the king yells from the window of his coach.

"See," talking softly to the guard. "He's mad."

Two of the mounted riders choke back a laugh at that as I climb down from the wagon.

"Your weapons, hand them over'" a tall menacing wall of a man demands.

"Captain, stand down. You get in here! Now!" the king grumbles.

"Yes, Your Majesty," I say climbing quickly into the coach.

"Here I am running around the country side chasing after you. What do you have to say for yourself? I left word I was coming to speak to you in private."

"I was paid to." 

"What? Valyrie!"

"Yes, though doing so got me out of the Vale as well."

"What do you mean?"

"I think she has things going on in there that she doesn't want me to see. And from what I know of her, can't let you see, to protect you. By getting you riled up and chasing after me she has done both."

"Sometimes I don't know whether to knight that woman or have her executed."

"Knight her, I haven't gotten all my money yet." 

He starts laughing, that infectious kind that you can't help but join.

"Well, if she owes you money, my hands are tied," he finally says.

"You have me, sir. What did you want to discuss, Your Majesty?"

"Lord Helzury told me about his run in at the lake, and about your suggestion. I want to know how this could be such of a boon. He wasn't making much sense. I got the feeling he left some key point out of his story."

"Well, I was planning on doing this in a more proper way in the capital, but since you have come all this way it would be rude of me not to tell you. Nameless is what I chose to be called in the Vale. It kinda fits me as a mage so I use it out here as well. My real name is Ryktis."

"Nice to meet you, Ryktis."

"I have another title, Consort of Queen Caldoria. This is a recent appointment, one I will fill to the best of my ability and all the honor the station demands. I would be the emissary to your court and speak for the Queen in matters of state and economy."

"This from the man who asks me how're they're hanging."

"Nameless is loud, lewd, brash, and irrepressible. Ryktis is honest, reserved, and educated. It's easy to think them different people, brothers with the same face. One other small issue is I am wanted by the Hermetic Council of the Western Empire."

"What crime did you commit?"

"Half-elf that can hold all five rings of magic. I am a threat to their authority. I have committed no crimes."

"Then Consort or Nameless you shall be."

"Thank you, Majesty. Do you smell that?"

"Yes, apple blossom."

"Excuse me one moment," I say before pushing the curtain aside and sticking my head out. "Clue!"

"What is it?" she asks.

"Research the lake, and Lord Helzury."

"Yes, Master?"

"Please take one of those vials and fill it with apple blossoms. Don't get stung. I'll give you something extra special later," I say to Clue with a wink.

"Gently or stuffed?"

"Stuffed."

She puts her thumbs up and dashes away.

"Can we move along towards the island when she gets back?"

"That would be prudent, would it not?" he said, before leaning out and shouting the order.

"What do you think Valkyrie is hiding?"

"Making all the men work naked? Horses line dancing to the pan flute of a hippopotamus? Your guess is as good as mine."

His serious demeanor breaking as laughter grips him again. "You're a funny man."

"No, just fearless. After nearly dying four times in this last year, I gave up on fear."

"So brash, loud, and the like?"

"Yeah, kinda like that. I figure why not just trust myself. If I know I can, then what else matters. People are going to do whatever they are going to. Why pretend for them, it won't make that much difference. But if I am what I am, speak honest and do right, whether it be lewd or chivalrous, I won't die having done nothing but hide my whole life."

"Interesting philosophy. I should think about that myself.."

"For you, the motto would be something like 'it's good to be the King!'"

"And yours?"

"Bring it."
