 Nalini had been surprised that most of the rest of the team had apparently followed her all the way down to Kent after a single call-out. They had also had to introduce her to Kate, but now the group of them were gathered in a small private room close to the intensive care ward.

"Why the sudden interest?" asked the group's medical officer, dark eyes flitting between the faces of her colleagues.

"Something else significant came up in the local area," said Helen, "very local, in fact. Can you tell us what you've found?"

"A patient was brought in to A&E with unusual symptoms. Delirium, fading in and out of consciousness, sudden sweats, irregular breathing, occasional convulsions, intermittent tachycardia and bradycardia... which is a rather odd combination. The best I can come up with is some sort of dysautonomia or adrenergic storm, but it..."

Helen held her hand up, "English, please?"

Nalini sighed before continuing, "there seems to be something very badly wrong with his nervous system. He's in a state of collapse, with contradictory symptoms that come and go. This is a general hospital; they're not set up for anything like this, although they're managing to keep him alive. I've arranged for him to be transferred to Queen Square in London, although I'm not entirely sure what they will be able to do, either."

"And this was a sudden onset?"

"So far as we can tell. He's not in a fit state to tell us what happened, and we don't have any recent medical history."

"Does he have a dog?" asked Rebecca.

"Yes... it was the dog barking that alerted his neighbour. She looked in, saw him unconscious in the hallway, and called the ambulance. They had to break in." Nalini was looking more confused than ever, "what is this about?"

"We're not entirely sure yet," said Rebecca, "but he's been in contact with something that he evidently shouldn't have been. And we need to find it, fast."

"I'll get the police to cordon off his property," said Richard, tapping a number into his phone as Nalini read out the address.

"And tell them not to go in," said Helen, all business, "we have to search that place. Fortunately, they shouldn't have had any reason to do so yet, since it isn't a crime scene. What happened to the dog?"

"With the neighbour, I think."

"We need to speak to her anyway."

"And find out if the dog is showing any symptoms," suggested Rebecca.

"It can't be in anything like his condition, or the neighbour would have said something," pointed out Nalini, "you wouldn't need to be a vet to notice."

"Even so, it's a good idea," agreed Helen, "let's get the patient transferred, since we're obviously not going to get anything out of him for the moment. And then we get down to this address as soon as we can, and find out what's caused this. "

***

"WHAT THE FUCK?"

With a shriek of surprise, Lucy pulled herself free, and Liam found himself desperately scrambling to his feet, hands covering his rapidly shrinking erection. Denzel shouldn't have been back today! What was he even doing here?

"It's not what it looks like!" he blurted out, without even thinking.

"How the fuck can it not be what it looks like?" shouted his flatmate incredulously, glaring at him with fury in his eyes.

Liam didn't really have an answer to that one, and evidently, neither did Lucy, who had backed behind him, using his body to shield her own. It occurred to Liam that, from his vantage point by the door, Denzel would have been at just the right angle to see literally everything. Not just that his girlfriend was stark naked and holding on to his equally naked best friend, but to have a perfectly clear view of Liam's hard white cock sliding in and out between her spread lips.

He had to admit that this would make it difficult to persuade Denzel that he was mistaken about what they'd been doing.

[Emotions rising in Targets Two and Five, raising susceptibility to take over. Project that violence is likely, and may impair subsequent full functioning in either or both targets: undesirable outcome. Redirect emotions in Target Five to reduce probability of physical damage. Working to acquire access to Target Six.]

"Look... Lucy and I... we, uh..."

"What is going on?" said a new voice, sounding a little worried.

Liam looked across and his heart sank even more than it already done. As if it wasn't bad enough that Denzel had caught him doing something there was surely no going back from! But now, against all the odds, bloody Emma had just followed him into the flat. Where the hell had she come from?

Lucy let out another squeak of fear and embarrassment, and tried to hide herself even more thoroughly behind Liam's back. Emma's mouth dropped open as she took the scene in and, even without Denzel's direct visual evidence, clearly had no difficulty in drawing the obvious conclusion.

"Oh... my... God..." said Liam's big sister, flushing crimson as she did so.

[Emotional surge in Target Six has permitted access. Alternative emotional pathway activated in Target Five. Subversion of executive function in all targets no longer viable. Working to restore possibility of desired outcome.]

Liam half-expected Denzel to punch him, and didn't know whether to raise his hands defensively in front of his face, or keep them where they were. He couldn't see Lucy from his current vantage point, just feel her hands on his shoulder, but he imagined that she must look just as worried.

Instead though, his flatmate just collapsed into the nearby armchair, as if his strings had been cut, all the fight suddenly knocked out of him. He put his head in his hands, and it looked to Liam as if he was on the verge of tears. Emma, at least, had the tact to close the door, although he'd have preferred it if she'd stayed on the other side of it, and left them to sort it out.

If nothing else, the flat share was surely at an end, and neither of them could afford to keep it on their own.

"Lucy..." said Denzel, after an uncomfortable silence, looking up with sadness in his eyes, "how could you? I knew we were going through a bad patch, but I never expected... how long has this been going on?"

"It's the first time," she said, speaking up at last, "I swear it."

"But there must have been more before this... you don't just leap into bed with a guy on the first day that you kiss."

Which was a fair point, now that he said it. How to explain the sudden wave of desire that had come over them both? Yes, of course, he had fancied Lucy for months, but she had never reciprocated until today. There had been nothing in it. To be honest, if anything, he'd just assumed that she preferred black guys anyway.

Although, earlier on, she'd something about having been attracted to him for a while. She'd hidden it well, but then, apparently, so had he. If only to avoid exactly this sort of awkwardness.

[Violence averted. Redirecting pathways. Amplify signal to broad spectrum to maximise opportunity for subversion. Bleed through to Targets One and Three anticipated, but not counter-productive.]

"It just sort of happened," Liam said lamely, "look... can I...?" he glanced over meaningfully at his clothes, lying on the floor.

Lucy gripped his shoulder tightly, and Liam was suddenly conscious that her breasts were pressed up against his back, nipples gently rubbing against him. It was really not the sort of thought he wanted right now, but it was surprisingly hard to ignore, given the circumstances.

"The course was cancelled," said Denzel, morosely, almost as if talking to himself, slumped forward on the chair, head in his hands, "then I bumped into Emma on the way back here. We thought we'd surprise you... I guess the surprise was on me. Why, man, why?"

"It was sudden... we didn't... we never meant for you to..."

"No, I bet you didn't. But where the hell am I, now? What am I going to do?"

[Pathways responsible for mating drive re-engaged. Target Five showing some resistance due to current emotional condition. Amplifying signal to all targets. Conditions for subversion of executive function must be re-instated.]

"Maybe we can work something out. Can I...?" Liam began to edge towards his clothes, but Lucy was still holding onto him, which made it difficult. To his surprise, he realised that her nipples felt swollen, and that he himself was beginning to develop an erection again. Seriously, now? What was getting into him?

Denzel shifted on the chair suddenly, crossing his legs and looking uncomfortable.

"Perhaps if we all calm down, we can talk about this sensibly?" suggested Emma, who still looked rather red, "Liam, why don't you and Lucy get dressed, and then we can..."

"What's there to talk about?" broke in Denzel before she could finish, "it's pretty obvious what's happening here. Dammit, Liam, put yourself in my shoes. How would you feel if you came home one evening and found me banging your girlfriend?" He stood up, suddenly shouting, "in front of the fucking sofa, even; you couldn't be bothered to go to bed!"

And then everyone started talking over each other, all arguing at once.

"He was not 'banging' me!"

"Well, what the hell would you call it?"

"I really think we should all just..."

"Anyway, I don't have a girlfriend!"

"Well, that makes all the fucking difference, doesn't it? Thought you'd take mine?"

"I'm not 'yours', I can make my own choices!"

"Yeah, that's all too obvious, isn't it?"

"Really, we all need to take a breath..."

"But even if I did have a girlfriend, I think that I'd..."

"Then what if it was your sister I was banging? It's the same fucking thing!"

"Hey, don't you bring Emma..."

"I'm sure she can..."

"You fucking know it! You'd..."

"Well, why don't we find out!"

There was sudden silence, and the others all turned to look at Emma, who was standing there looking flustered. Liam realised that he hadn't heard her raise her voice to anyone like that for years, not since they'd been kids.

"What?" said he and Denzel simultaneously.

"I said: why don't we find out?"

[Mating drive re-initiated. Resume attempts at executive subversion.]

Liam looked at Emma, and then across at Denzel. His flatmate (former flatmate?) looked as confused by the sudden outburst as he did.

"I said," said Emma, taking off her coat and angrily throwing it down on the floor, "why don't we find out..." and she pulled her sweater up and over her head, revealing a slim, pale, body and a floral-print bra, "what Liam would do if he saw you having sex with his sister?" Then she stood there, hands on hips, staring at Denzel, daring him to respond.

"Emma," Liam began, "you don't need to..."

"What, here?" asked Denzel, almost simultaneously, although Liam noted that objecting to the general idea didn't seem top of his list of priorities.

"Yes, here. Where they can see. That's the point. And here's the deal," she reached across, unthreaded Denzel's work tie and began to undo the buttons on his shirt, "you let Lucy and Liam get back to what they were doing when we came in."

This was all getting decidedly weird, and fast. Even the day before, the idea of having sex with somebody else watching would have been... well, terrifying to be honest. Yet right now, for all that his mind was telling him that he really shouldn't be reacting this way, Liam's hands were hiding what was once more a full-blown erection. He was willing to do practically anything to get that back inside Lucy again.

It certainly didn't help when the beautiful woman behind him slid her hands over his hips and gripped his cock, still slightly damp with her juices. "Works for me," said Lucy, "I'm game if you are."

"Shit girl, are you serious?" Denzel, now naked from the waist up, was staring at Emma. Not that he'd made the slightest effort to stop her undressing him.

"Do I look like I'm joking?" Emma unzipped his flies, and Denzel's trousers fell to the floor, revealing a sizable bulge beneath his boxers.

Denzel glanced across the room, eyes dropping to where Lucy was quite visibly stroking Liam's cock, until she moved round him so that her curvy behind hid the offending item from view. Lucy kissed her new partner, and ground her hips into his crotch. Liam was already seriously beginning not to care if anyone was watching, the way she was moving against him - the kiss deep and passionate, her breasts rubbing up and down against his chest.

"Fuck yeah," said Denzel, turning back to Emma at last, "let's do this!"

[Mating drive now fully engaged in all subjects. Waiting for optimum moment for subversion of multiple targets.]

Lucy was gently pulling him downwards, and Liam eagerly assumed the position they had been in before, leaning with his back against the sofa, and she sitting in his lap, the bristles of her bush brushing up against his erection. They kissed again, but even so, Liam could not help glancing past her towards the other pair, going so far as to press his lips to the crook of Lucy's neck so that he could look across for a better view.

Denzel had pulled Emma round in front of him, so that she was facing Liam, moving sinuously against his bare chest, arms up above her head. Denzel pushed aside a lock of her bobbed sandy hair to nibble on her ear. He wasn't looking at her, though, but staring across at Liam, making sure that he was watching.

He unhooked the bra, pushing it up and running his hands over her slim body, dark against the pale skin. Emma's breasts were not especially large, but they were well rounded and prominent against her otherwise slender physique. Denzel, his eyes still firmly on Liam, cupped one, fondling the pink nipple between thumb and forefinger.

Emma moaned.

But, at that moment, Liam's attention was pulled away from the other couple as Lucy shifted her position, lifting herself up and forward, then slowly lowering herself onto his cock. She let out a long, lingering sigh of relief as he penetrated her, their hips beginning to grind together involuntarily.

"Back where it belongs, baby," she whispered in his ear, and for a while he just gazed into her wide, dark eyes, gently taking her bit by bit, caressing her back and buttocks as he did so, listening to her quiet panting breaths.

But, inevitably, his eyes were drawn back to the other pair, facing him over Lucy's shoulder. They were all but naked now, trousers and underwear around their ankles, Denzel still watching him. Seeing that Liam's attention was now back on what he was doing to his sister, the other man dipped his hand between Emma's legs, and pulled her thighs apart. Emma, her eyes shut, gave another quiet moan as Denzel's fingers probed deeper, pulling her nether lips apart, exposing her to Liam's view.

He didn't find it sexual - she was his sister after all - but it was obvious that Denzel wanted him to watch everything. It was also obvious that she was already damp, and Denzel's dark cock was poised right at her pink opening, still prised apart by his fingers.

"Fuck yeah..." he grunted, carefully watching Liam's expression as he thrust himself into Emma's welcoming slit, causing her to give out a brief, high-pitched cry as he did so.

It was Lucy that pulled Liam's wide-eyed gaze away, bringing his head to hers for another deep kiss. For a while, he tried to forget about the others, just rejoicing in the feeling of her body against his, their tongues entwined, her large, hard nipples rubbing against his chest, his cock deep inside her eager body. They were both panting now, Lucy letting out occasional quiet words of encouragement as she moved against him, hips slowly rotating in a way that seemed to be driving them both a little crazy.

But even with such delightful distraction, Liam couldn't help but glance across to the others from time to time. They were still standing, Emma's legs spread slightly as Denzel entered her from behind, balls swaying as he pushed himself in and out. "Shit, girl..." he grunted, "you got some hot moves..."

"Don't stop..." moaned Emma, not bothering to whisper, as Lucy had been doing.

"I ain't gonna... not 'till I'm done anyhow... I can tell you're enjoying this as much as I am."

"Uh huh..."

"Hey, Liam!" he added suddenly, "how come you ain't finished yet? You started way before I did, and you got warmed up first!"

"Don't pay any attention to him," Lucy muttered quietly into his ear, "I like it slow... you're doing just perfect..."

Denzel tutted, "Hey, Emma, why don't we give them something to really watch?"

"More than this?... hey!"

Denzel had pulled out, to Emma's evident disappointment, but moments later he was pressing down on her shoulders, pushing her down onto her knees in front of him. 

"Huh..." she said with a grin, as she kicked her feet free of the remaining clothes wrapped around them, "sounds worth trying. And just so you know... you don't have to go slow."

"I ain't gonna, baby!"

Denzel practically shoved Emma forward, so that she had to catch herself on her elbows, still facing towards Liam, breasts hanging down, emphasising such size as they had. Then she let out her loudest cry yet as Denzel thrust himself into her, doggy-style.

"How'd you like this?" he asked, his movements energetic, dark hips slapping loudly against white buttocks.

Emma swore, using the kind of words that Liam didn't think he could remember her using, ever. And she very clearly didn't mean them in a bad way, either. Her face was flushed, sweat beading her forehead, breasts swaying as Denzel vigorously pounded into her over and over.

[Resources only permit takeover of two targets. No determining differential factors. Prepare to subvert first two targets available.]

"This what you want?" asked Denzel, grinning, "yeah?"

"Fuck yes... fuck fuck fuck!" Emma's eyes were closed, face screwed up as she let out cry after cry.

"You taking notes, Liam?" Denzel leant over his partner, reaching round to squeeze one of her hanging breasts, not pausing in his other motions.

Lucy, however, was also moving more quickly at last, thrusting herself up and down on Liam's slick cock with ever more urgent motions. He returned the favour, gripping onto her, and levering himself up as far as he could, plunging himself as far inside as possible.

"Oh God, Liam! Just like that..." she said, loudly this time as she arched her body back, eyes wide, sweat slicking the rich brown of her skin, breasts heaving, still trying to push herself even harder onto his cock.

He glanced across, just for a moment, as Denzel let out a loud grunt of climax, and Emma bucked against him, letting out a loud, desperate cry as she came. For one split second, Liam thought he saw a flash of light around each of their heads, as if their mutual orgasm had somehow been made visible.

[Pathways open. Subversion of executive function achieved. Abandoning shell.]

Just a fraction later, however, Liam finally achieved release himself, ejaculating into Lucy's welcoming warmth, feeling a climax unlike any he'd ever experienced before. Lucy let out musical sounds, and pulled herself back into his arms, kissing him over and over, and whispering his name as they cuddled.

He was exhausted. Man, that had been so good; the sort of thing you dreamt about but that never actually happened in real life. He buried his face in Lucy's hair, stroking her gently as her shaking subsided, and soon they were wrapped together in comforting post-coital bliss, the others all but forgotten.

Eventually, however, he did look across at Denzel and Emma. Oddly, they were already getting dressed again, faces almost expressionless, as if nothing had really happened. They looked, perhaps, a little unbalanced, as if their legs were weak, and some of Emma's bobbed hair was still stuck to her forehead by the sweat of her recent exertions, but that was all.

"Hey, are you two all right?" he asked, sensing that something didn't seem right. And it had been a very strange morning already.
