 Author's Note: Apologies, as this seems to be getting more delayed every time. On the bright side, this is longer than the previous chapters, and takes the story to about the half-way point. So, it will get done, even if it takes a while!

*****

"So," said Helen, having gathered them all at the office, "let's try to go through this chronologically. What do we think actually happened here?"

"I guess it starts with the alien sphere landing on that waste ground in Kent," began Rebecca, feeling almost guilty for stating the obvious, "a dog-walker comes across it, picks it up and takes it home. Somehow it makes him very ill, and he collapses."

"From what we have on his medical condition," added Nalini, "it looks as if something in the sphere was attempting to gain control over him, trying to see how his nervous system worked."

"Basically computer hacking," suggested Brandon, "only with organic brains."

"No idea how it actually does that," pointed out Rebecca, "but it seems to fit the picture. So, I don't know, maybe it's learned enough from that first failure, or maybe it just tries something different. But, next thing we know, it's making everyone within a few hundred yards go sex-mad."

"During which," said Richard, "a couple, Emma and Denzel, start acting strangely. Without bothering to pick up the sphere, they take the train into London, where Denzel turns up that evening at a University."

"Does he have any connection with the place?" asked Helen.

"Not that we've been able to find, but it's early days. He obviously gate-crashed the student bar somehow, since he's not actually a member."

"But Emma was," said Brendan, "at least until recently. She might still have had her NUS card. It would have expired, but maybe somebody didn't check properly."

"She studied at Queen Mary?"

"No, Greenwich. But there might be some connection there. At least they're reasonably close."

"Hmm... Greenwich isn't part of London University is it?"

"No," said Rebecca, "but it's plausible that she knew somebody who went there. Or at least knew something about it that we haven't figured out yet."

"Well, let's leave that aside for the moment. What do we think happened next?"

Richard picked up the story. "So, shortly after Denzel turns up at the bar - still acting strangely, by all accounts - a huge fight starts up."

"We're thinking it's something like the sex drive effect, only a different emotion," explained Rebecca.

"Whatever this is," said Nalini, "whether it's a transmissible disease, or something that's more deliberate, it seems to affect the autonomic nervous system, at least in part. So it affects hormone levels, creates surges of adrenaline, and so forth. But it's also affecting the brain, maybe creating delusions of some kind, making the victim lose grasp of reality."

"Which would explain the violence, but not so much the sex," argued Rebecca, "that just seems to be an emotional surge. Hormones, yes, but not delusions. I can't shake the feeling that there's a plan of some kind here, not just some illness being randomly spread. Most people affected by it are fine after a couple of hours, so far as we can tell. With a couple of exceptions, obviously."

"Speaking of which," said Richard, "the fight leads to the police being called, and the building is eventually cleared. That's when it gets strange... stranger, I should say. Everyone thinks that Denzel has left the building, but he hasn't; he's hiding in there somewhere. And, at some point, something... our flying robot thing... crashes through the skylight, fires off a shot that hits the bar, then gets itself trapped in a store cupboard with Denzel."

"He was probably trying to run from it," said Kate, "but didn't close the door quickly enough."

"It seems the most reasonable explanation," agreed Richard, "but however it happened, the thing kills him, and the police, having no particular reason to search the place, don't find him before we do."

"Yeah, and while all this is going on," said Curtis, in his American drawl, and casually leaning up against the wall, "his girlfriend is across the way in a different building, spying on the students, or something."

"Where she gets found the following morning," continued Richard "lying out cold in the corridor. Somebody calls an ambulance, and, luckily Curtis and I get there in time to pick her up."

"What do we know about her condition? Nalini?"

"There's no proper diagnosis yet, they're still checking her out. But, from the preliminary indications, it's nothing like the first man. Whatever happened to her was much milder, but until we have more information, there's no way to know how long it will last."

"And nothing odd happened at this student residence building?"

"Nobody's reported anything. Other than her being there, obviously. We've checked the rooms she was closest to when she collapsed, but it seems that none of them was in at the time. But there's dozens of students in the building; it'll take a while to question them all. But maybe somebody saw something."

"Carry on with that, as soon as you can. Take Kate with you, after this meeting. But, otherwise, do we think it's all over?"

"I don't," said Rebecca, "I know that everyone involved is either in custody or dead, but I can't help but feel that there was some plan here, and, at the very least, I'd like to know what that was. Where did that drone thing come from, and what did it want? Are there more of them? And what were Denzel and Emma doing anyway? After the obvious, I mean. Those don't seem like random movements to me."

"Is that drone alien tech?" asked Curtis, sounding hopeful, "because we've got facilities at..."

"That drone is currently the property of Her Majesty's government," said Helen sternly, "if DARPA or Area 51, or whoever else you've got, wants to take a look at it, they can ask through the regular channels. Until then, it's ours, and no, you don't get a ticket to waltz into Porton Down without proper clearance. Which, by the way, is over a hundred miles away, so it's a bit out of your way to visit on spec."

"Jeez... I was just..."

"Proper. Channels."

Curtis held his hands up in mock surrender, "all right, I get it."

Rebecca couldn't help but think that he seemed less upset than his words suggested. It was almost as if he was sparring with Helen, seeing how far he could push her, and rather enjoying the game. For all she knew, he had a secret thing about masterful women.

***

The building opposite the University entrance was a typical student residence, with groups of individual rooms clustered around small kitchens. Emma had been found, lying unconscious, in one of the kitchens, out of sight of the corridor, but in easy reach of four of the rooms. It wasn't clear how she'd got in, nor was it obvious what she'd been doing there, with nothing having been tampered with, and nothing suspicious on her person.

"Where do we start?" asked Kate.

"Move outwards from here, and see who is here that wasn't this morning. We want to know if anyone saw Emma, or anything else suspicious. But, before we do any of that," Richard brandished a pass key he had obtained from building security, "we make sure that there's nothing nasty waiting for us in this room."

He indicated the only one of the four bedrooms whose occupant they had yet to locate. One of the others had been away the previous night, and they'd already spoken to the other two, including the one who had found Emma. Neither had seen anything else suspicious, but they hadn't got in until really late, and had gone straight to bed - which meant that Emma could perfectly well have been there for the whole night without anyone noticing.

But the door to the fourth room, belonging to somebody named Marcus, remained locked. There might be a perfectly innocent reason why he wasn't in... but then again, there might not. Kate surreptitiously put her hand on the butt of her pistol as Richard moved to the door. She didn't want to be surprised by a killer drone again.

The door swung open, Richard looking as tense as the army officer felt. Nothing happened; the room was empty.

Kate exhaled, and followed Richard into the room. It looked like any other student room anywhere, except, perhaps that it had a mini-fridge next to the desk. She hadn't had a fridge in her room at University. Lucky sod.

More significantly, though, it looked as if somebody had gone through the room. The door to the wardrobe was ajar, and some of the drawers in the desk left open, books lying strewn across, not just the desk, but also the floor, as if someone had riffled through the bookshelf, tossing aside whatever they weren't interested in. The bed was unmade, unusually rumpled, perhaps, even by the standards of students.

"These mean nothing to me," commented Richard, glancing over the books and written notes on the desk, and getting his phone out to take shots of the scene, "you?"

"I don't know anything about astronomy," Kate confessed, "it's all way over my head. But an interest in space... it might not be a coincidence?"

"Maybe not, although I don't see what our target would get from a student that they couldn't get more easily from somewhere else. His professors, for instance."

There was the sound of movement out in the corridor. Kate pulled her jacket round to conceal her gun again, and glanced out. A student was heading up the stairs at the end of the corridor, looking curiously in their direction.

"Excuse me," she called out, "we're with the police." Richard had his warrant card, should the student chose to ask for proof. "It's about the incident across the way last night. We're just checking to see if anyone noticed anything odd in this building at the time."

"Here? Why?"

"We can't tell you that, I'm afraid," said Richard, joining her, "operational concerns. Did you see anything?"

"No, sorry. I saw some of the disturbance, but I've already told the police everything I know."

"The student who uses this room, Marcus Freeman, have you seen him?"

"Not since last night, no."

"Where was he last night?"

"Oh, I just mean that I saw him coming in. He had a girl with him... I don't know her name, but I'm pretty sure she's a student. They looked pretty close. Funny, I thought he had a thing for... uh, what was her name? Melissa. But I guess he got over her."

At that moment, both of their phones buzzed. As Richard silenced his, and went out into the corridor to question the student some more, Kate glanced at the text message that had just arrived from Helen. 

Emma, it seemed, had woken up, and was ready to talk.

***

Emma had woken up from a strange dream, a nightmare that somehow remained stuck in her mind more than her dreams normally did. She was in a hospital, but had no recollection as to how she had got there. Had something happened... something in the nightmare, perhaps? She wasn't sure, and didn't want to face the memories of that dream again, so she did her best to push them to back of her mind, to try and think of something else.

But it was difficult; she felt faint, weak, and deeply, deeply confused. The doctors had shown two people in to see her, to ask her some questions. But she didn't know anything; only the dream, and that didn't make sense. Both the strangers wore visitor's badges on lanyards, so they weren't from the hospital. She had been told she should speak to them, though, and everyone made it sound important, so she supposed that she ought to.

One of the strangers was a petite Asian woman with shoulder-length hair, slim and dressed professionally with a black pullover, a white blouse and smart-looking trousers. Her dark eyes were filled with concern, and Emma thought that she might be a doctor. But perhaps she was only thinking that because she was currently in a hospital. Although who else would want to speak to her, apart from a doctor? 

She must have fainted, or something, and they wanted to make sure she was all right. They'd called in specialists, perhaps, from another hospital. Yes, that was probably it.

Except that the other woman didn't look like a doctor. She was a tall, lanky brunette with a pony-tail and glasses. She had a T-shirt on, under a jacket, with a slogan on it that said something about science. And she was wearing jeans. She didn't think that doctors wore jeans. Not while they were at work anyway.

The tall woman looked more like an IT worker, Emma decided. She didn't know why an IT worker wanted to talk to her. That didn't make sense. None of this made sense.

"What happened to me?" she asked, and was suddenly embarrassed at how plaintive she sounded, "no one will tell me."

"What's the last thing you remember?" asked the probably-a-doctor. Perhaps she should have asked their names.

"I was in a kitchen... I think. It's hazy. I don't remember it very well. I'm not sure if... I might have dreamt it. I don't know."

"Perhaps we should move back a little earlier." The doctor's voice was gentle, coaxing, yet reassuring. Perhaps these people could help her. "What's the last thing you do clearly remember?"

"I was going to my brother's flat." Yes, that part was clear. That wasn't part of the dream, she was sure of it. Everything had seemed normal then. "I had bumped into Liam's - that's my brother - Liam's flat mate. Denzel. And we both went to his flat. Denzel was upset because there was a problem with his train, and he had been supposed to be somewhere else."

The doctor nodded. It seemed that she already knew some of this. Perhaps they had spoken to Liam. "What happened when you got to the flat?"

An image flashed into her mind. She was looking over Denzel's shoulder, seeing her brother, stark naked, standing in front of the sofa, hands over his crotch. Denzel's girlfriend, Lucy Okoko, was standing next to Liam, equally naked, eyes wide with fear, desperately trying to cover herself.

"I..." she felt herself blushing, and realised, abstractedly, that she didn't seem to have any physical illness or obvious impairments. It was just the dream that had been confusing her, because she couldn't understand what had happened.

"We..." she began again. She didn't want to tell them about Liam and Lucy, not exactly. That part still felt like it had been real. It wasn't part of the dream. "Denzel got into an argument with Liam," she said, eventually, "he and Denzel's girlfriend had been... kissing, and we caught them."

"I see. And then what happened?"

She remembered making that sudden offer. It was so out-of-character. Had that been part of the dream, then? No, she distinctly remembered taking Denzel's shirt off, admiring his trim and athletic physique, the smooth darkness of his skin against her hands. She'd always thought he looked good; not that she'd really had a crush on him, but he'd been somebody she'd noticed, had maybe even wondered about once or twice.

She remembered standing with her back to Denzel, watching Liam sitting down, Lucy in his lap, his hands on the brown globes of her buttocks. Emma had been topless, Denzel's hands stroking her nipples. She had been wet by then, she recalled, more so than she had been for ages. It was if a sudden obsession had come across her, a previous mild attraction having blossomed into a raging sexual desire.

She remembered crouching on all fours on the carpet. Liam was still in front of her, balls bobbing as he slid in and out of Lucy. But more than that, she remembered Denzel gripping her hips as he vigorously took her from behind, flesh slapping loudly as he drove into her again and again. It had felt fantastic, unearthly. And, yes, this was still part of reality, she felt sure of it. This had really happened, and it had been... it had been...

"We understand from your brother," said the doctor, clearing her throat, as Emma realised that she had lapsed into silence, "that you had sex. Don't worry about that."

"Yeah," said IT-woman, "we really don't need the details. It's what happened after that we need to clear up. Did something happen then? Immediately after?"

"I'm not really sure..."

"Tell us what you can," said the doctor, "even if it sounds crazy. In order to help you, we need to understand what you remember."

"I only remember a dream... at least, I think... it must have been a dream. It doesn't make sense." She was aware that she was sounding plaintive again. Her body might be fine, but her mind was still in a state of what... shock? Everything seemed fuzzy, unreal, especially when she took her mind back to what had happened after she had left the flat.

"What happened in the dream? It might help us piece this together, even if it seems absurd."

"Okay... I'll try." She took a deep breath, and forced her mind back to what had happened. She didn't want to revisit it, but the two women seemed so serious, and she sensed that they really did want to help.

"In the dream, it was if I couldn't control my own body," she began, "as if something else was in charge, making me walk about, go places, say things. And it was mixed up with old memories, popping up into my mind as if from nowhere. But I didn't visit the memories in the dream, I only remember having them. The scary part was that I was just watching myself do things that I couldn't explain. As if my body wasn't my own."

"Like an out-of-body experience?" asked pony-tail-and-glasses, "you were floating outside and seeing yourself walk about?"

"No, not really. It felt as if I was in my body, but not... not in the driving seat. It was just a dream, though, wasn't it?"

"You may have been in a fugue state," said Asian doctor soothingly, "you seem to have recovered now, and it's a natural phenomenon, nothing to be worried about, although I can understand that it was very frightening at the time. But what you saw while you were in this state could still be useful to us. What did you do after leaving the flat?"

Emma nodded. That sound reassuring. A natural condition, something that could be understood with rational medicine. There would probably be a treatment to make sure it didn't come back. She felt better about continuing with her story now, even if, in the back of her mind, she wondered how honest the doctor sounded.

"I remember catching a train into London, and then taking the Tube. We went into a building, a University students' union bar."

"We? Denzel was still with you at this point?"

"Oh, yes, it was controlling him, too."

That seemed to surprise them. 

"It?" asked pony-tail, "in the dream it was the same thing controlling both of you?"

"Yes..." she said, slowly, trying to make sense of her memories. Now that she thought about it, that was odd. But it had seemed perfectly natural at the time. But then, dreams often didn't make sense, did they? "Yes, in the dream, there was one thing controlling both of us. Just one... I don't know. I didn't dream what it was, just what it was doing."

"Please continue. You went to the University?"

"Yes, we were looking for somebody. Someone I met when I was a student at Greenwich last year. Marcus Freeman, he was studying astronomy back then, and went on to study for a Master's. So, in the dream, we went to meet him at his new place."

"Do you remember why?"

"No, it wasn't that sort of dream. Things just happened, there didn't seem to be much of a reason. But dreams are like that, sometimes. Why?"

"Just curious. Did you find him?"

"Denzel drank some beer. To fit in, I think. But it made things strange. I remember feeling tipsy, even though I hadn't drunk anything. And then everything went crazy, people around us started acting odd, and I think... I think there might have been a fight. But I left then, following Marcus and a woman I didn't know. I think Denzel stayed behind, because he wasn't in the dream after that. I remember feeling... no, I remember it, the thing moving my body, not liking the alcohol, getting everything muddled up. But I still couldn't control what I did, and it soon passed."
