 Nod for my editor, and the tale goes on.

*****

Waking from a dream, I feel my reality is far more enjoyable. My throbbing manhood is cradled in the warm embrace of woman cleavage. The gentle sights of beauty lying all around me, I smile. Cross is spooned around Clue on my right, Blank snuggled on my left, and Tempis nestled down over my thighs, her wings draped over the women at my sides. 

Nix leans lazily against one of the trees watching Stacy cuddle deeper into Oasis's embrace. She looks over giving me a smile and wink. I sigh and caress Cross's ear, and grope Blank's firm bottom. Blank moans and sets the others to stirring. Tempis lifts her wings but presses herself more forcefully over my captive member, as if guarding her prize.

I get a kiss from Blank before she rolls to the side to stretch. Cross licks my ear before scooping Clue in her arms, and allowing Tempis time with me. Tempis looks up at me, a coy and shy look in her eyes. She leans up bringing both hands to hold my throbbing hardness. She scans the other women to see if they will stop her. When she sees Nix smile and nod, Tempis wiggles her way up my body.

She positions herself lowering her molten passage on my shaft. She grunts when less than half of me is inside her. She bobs her ass, and little by little I get forced deeper into her tight velvet passage. She rocks forward kissing me tenderly before raising up and dropping her full weight onto my lap, fully impaling herself on my pleasure spike.

Her delighted squeal sets the birds in the trees above fleeing, and waking the rest. Cross flips around, eyes wide. I understand quickly the dangers which I am now cock deep in. I pull Tempis close and gently pull her lips to mine. My other hand slides up her leg to rest over her lower back. Keeping my lips to hers, I start thrusting up into her.

Her siren cry quelled, I pound her feverishly. Her arching body and pulsing depths bear testimony to her raging orgasm. Digging my heels in the soft ground, I thrust upward, driving deep my eruption of seed in her clenching cunny. I hold her closely as her body bucks, and tears stream from her eyes.

"Never has it felt like that. You made me come over and over. I can see why you need many. I want you again in my nest where I can sing," she says in panting breaths.

"It will happen one day," I say, and kiss her tear streaked cheek. "May I get up now?"

"No," she giggles. "Cause I can't get up myself. I can't feel my legs."

"I see," I say grabbing her ass, and sliding her up off my waning erection. 

Her body quivers as I slide out of her pulsing passage. I nuzzle at her breast before I try lifting her to the side. I inhale deeply amid her cleavage, feeling my cock sucked down into a hungry mouth. Tempis scoots to the side, watching Cross aggressively attend my sticky manhood. 

My cock surges achingly back to hardness. I moan and grunt, trying to will a surge of seed into the girl's throat. Mind is willing but my body is unable. Oasis, seeing my plight or just feeling a naughty urge of her own, kneels behind Cross. She shoves her clitty-dick in Cross' burning snatch, and starts pounding feverishly. Cross opens her mouth releasing my tortured member. Oasis twitches, and juice starts flooding from Cross's pussy. Cross moans and bucks as more juices gush from her pounded love hole.

Stacy and Blank moan, each petting themselves while watching the scene before them. Clue grins, hugging Nix. I breath deeply, grasp desperately at a water skin. I drink down its contents, and reach for another. Tempis hands me one of the skins I left with her. I guzzle the mixed berry juice. It quenches my thirst pleasantly..

"So, Master, what is the plan for the day?" Clue asks.

"We have to get things over to the island. I brought spells and wands to put a lovely cottage down there for us to hide away in."

Tempis hops forward, nudging Cross out of the way. She nestles down, and starts cleaning my manhood with little gentle licks. Nix grins as I sigh. We all freshen up in the lake, and have a bite to eat. I mark off the foundation for a stable and gate house. 

The day rolls by with the women doing the little tasks I set for them. Their jokes and laughter take the drudgery out of the repetitive tasks. By the day's close, there is a bridge between the island and the cliff wall. The stairs from the bridge to the surface have a comfortable climb, and the stone moved became the foundation of the stables.. After completing this undertaking, we gather for the evening meal.

"It's crazy how much we got done today," Clue comments.

"Your construction techniques are rather unorthodox," Cross adds.

"I dreamt about building with magic for years now. The spell transmute was made for it, turning rock to mud and back again. I can't think of rational uses for it, otherwise. Wait til you see what I do with the glass," I ramble excitedly.

"How are you going to make glass?" Blank asks.

"We brought it with us in that case over there," I say pointing.

"That's the beakers and vials I got from down stairs," Clue says sceptically.

"Yeah, glass roof over the bridge, glass walls on two of the floors facing the ocean, and glass walls around the wash chamber to watch you lovelies get all sudsy," I say smiling.

"Yeah, well, we want to see you give it to Oasis. See if she squirts more if she has a hard man buried in her girl parts," Cross says.

"Before she goes back to all girl," adds Clue.

"I have wondered how different it will feel," Oasis mentions. "Compared to the last time."

"I want to see it work," Tempis mumbles. 

Blank and Stacy say nothing but the giggles and grins between them, answers my question.

"I don't know if I can do that," I admit.

"I don't want to see you go down on it or anything like that, just give her a nice deep thrusting and see if she squirts," Cross explains.

"I'm the same woman, and your magic gave me this," Oasis says holding her girl-cock.

"I know, it's, lets just say, a reminder of a really bad memory."

"You?" Stacy asks in understanding and disbelief.

"I was nine and kinda pretty for a boy. Couple of the less picky types dragged me behind the smith's coal bins. It wasn't pleasant. I have no aversion to doing you. It may have other plans," gesturing at my still limp cock.

"What if we cheer you on with our show and play, while doing it from behind, where you wouldn't see it?" Blank says, leaning back and running a finger between the folds of her womanhood.

"It would turn me on," Oasis whispers.

"That explains things somewhat," Nix says as she plops next to Blank and starts fingering herself.

Soon all save Oasis are lewdly displaying their personal pleasuring. I am standing at full staff. Oasis wags her ass at me as she squeezes her tits for the others to see. I step behind her, and push my girth deep in her sopping canal. She moans pressing herself back. Her legs tremble and she grabs hand holds in the ceiling.

Three hard pumps later, she is squirting like a fountain all over the other women. I grab Oasis before she face plants on the stone floor. Clue rushes to help lower her gently given my awkward position and hard cock still rammed balls deep into quivering depths. Oasis shudders and squirts again as I slide out of her.

Looking over, Stacy's jaw dropped as a puddle forms under her. Nix wipes a few drops from her skin with a finger then sucks them off with delight. The other women diddle their twats to an orgasmic finish save Cross. Her eyes are fixed on my cock almost drooling in want.

"You got me into this and I ain't done yet," I say stalking over and grabbing Cross.

She tries to lean down but I pull her out to the middle of the floor and force her to her knees. Before she gets her mouth around my cock, I step to the side pushing her to all fours. She groans and as I kneel behind her she pushes her ass at me.

"You behave or I'll ram my cock up your ass," I growl. 

She freezes in place, the flow of her juice down her thighs gain volume. I push deep into her. Her gripping cunny gushing over me. I pound her through half dozen climaxes, slapping her ass as I feel her ebbing. She whimpers as tears stream down her cheeks, begging me to never stop.

"I think you've had enough," I say slapping her ass again.

"You can have my ass, just don't stop, please," she pleads.

I push her face down on the floor, sliding out of her dripping pussy and dropping my body weight, pushing the head of my cock into her ass. She claws at the floor, moaning and gushing loudly. Keeping her pressed under me I rock my hips sliding deeper and deeper. Once I am buried all the way, I pull out to my head and shove in hard. She moans louder squirting again and again. 

Her tight ass squeezing even tighter brings me quickly to the heights of release. I pull out as I rock back onto my knees, spurting cum over her ass and back. Stacy gasps and adds to the pool of her juices in three gushing surges. Clue squirts in wide eyed astonishment, her middle finger pushed deep in her tight pucker.

"Keep mouthing off and I'll chain you to the wall next time," I say wiping a gob of cum from her ass with two fingers then shove the spunked digits in her gaping asshole. 

Her muttering in feral is untranslatable. Her wagging bottom trying to get more of my fingers into her is proof enough she liked what she got. Pulling them out I grab her ass roughly to get to my feet. Looking around, everyone seems sated for now. I turn and leap from the ledge into the waters of the cove below. 

Lounging against the smooth rock, I give myself a brisk rub off. Such a dirty act does need a proper degree of hygiene. The indigo of the horizon meeting the dark depths mirrors my inner balance. I sigh heavily and search out the stars of my birth constellation. Jal'nighsin, holder of the secret sign, is just coming into view as the sunlight yields to the coming night.

"You are alone, my Consort?" Caldoria asks.

"I just two hole fucked a half demon girl into a puddle of submissive goo. I needed a cleaning and a breather."

"Is that common for you when you are away?" she asks shyly.

"No, first time. Not that she hasn't been a playmate. Just not the sole target of my aggressions before.."

"Would that be something I might enjoy?"

"In time perhaps, demon sex play is rough, rude, and at times uncomfortable to other races. Some of those acts I won't inflict on a woman for fear of damaging them, not just hurting."

"That sounds strange, an act of sex that could damage a woman. Is there an example you could describe that would help me understand but not impart nightmares?"

"You have asked, I will advise. The act of fisting, a woman has the hand of her partner forced into her, vaginally or anally, to be pumped in and out of her in the manner a finger or cock would be. I have heard that some human women of a certain type like to have it done to them."

"You mean?" she asks holding her fist out.

"Yes."

"I see now. So what did you do?"

"Pounded her from behind then stuck my greasy man shaft in her backside. Two hole fucking."

"She liked that?"

"Very much so."

"Did you and Nix?"

"Yes, and yes, something weird happened. She emerged as her mother informed us. She is able to maintain a larger stature out of the water now. It's closer to an Elf than the halfling stature she had before."

"You have many women, do you love them?"

"Yes and no, I guess."

"That seems flippant."

"You feel that you love me?"

"Yes, I am also a Mermaid with a more pragmatic view of things."

"I was your first; for some of the women in my company, I was their first, too. They feel they love me. I gave them pleasure, and received the gift of their ultimate trust. I cherish those feelings, and give them a place in my affections. But to say I love them in the way you are asking, my answer is no."

"Would you miss them?"

"As you would me, if I were to marry someone, and give up my place as your consort. I am here for them, and they for me. Should they find real love with someone who loves them in return, I will gift them with my happiness that they love for the rest of their lives."

"That is love.. You just have open love for them, not singular. You treat them the same but have one thing you give to each that is hers alone."

"That's exactly how I feel."

"Am I to have something special all my own?"

"A few things."

"Could you love me singularly?"

"It is possible, only time will tell," I say leaning to give her a kiss. "It wouldn't be wrong to love a few singularly, would it?"

She giggles, shaking her head. We sit watching the stars for a while. Then she swims back out to the clan, and I climb back up to the bevy of women that I call my harem, finding the women have cleaned up and put together a spacious sleeping area. They greet me with bright eyes and dainty smiles.

Blank points over at Oasis and Cross holding on to each other murmuring softly. Nix pats a soft place next to her. I lower myself down next to her, and Clue presses herself at my back, giggling in my ear. Stacy ventures closer, blushing brightly. Tempis coos as she snuggles deeper into her nest with all the new pillows in it.

"You have a nice talk with Caldoria?" Nix asks.

"Mostly, I think she's a little wary of me having so many girl-toys. I got the feeling she wants more of what she will never be able to have."

"A freighter of tit swelling orgasms?" Clue asks, pressing her perky breasts up towards my neck.

"In a way," I answer. "She isn't going to have many lasting relationships. She's the Queen. I see her side of it. As her Consort, it is like she is already married to me."

"She was asking about love?"

"Mmm-hmm and doing a good job at it. It got me thinking about you ladies. Blank, I am your first, do you want me to be the only man you ever have? Oasis doesn't count."

"I want to try it with others. Not right now but some day," Blank answers.

"Clue, you want me as your first, you think you are ever going to..."

"You fix me, I'll fuck you for days, but I got a list of sex waiting for me. So you better be as good with me as you are with them," she says before trying to give me a hickey.

"I'll sex with other males but I'll do special lovey mate things with you. I like you watching I feel..." Tempis says cooing, "I would lick you and do like Cross did. Not for any other man."

"Sounds like someone is twitterpated," Clue observes.

"I think that is a good thing. To have one person who you can be uninhibited with to find out what you really want," Blank offers. "Before meeting you, I was afraid of even being touched and well..."

"I don't want any of you to be hurt. We are all in this. I don't want any of you feeling that I care more about one of you than the rest. I care about all of you and want us all to be rewarded in our little social circle of pleasure and sex. I also hope you, as a group, don't kill me."

"We've talked about that once or twice ourselves," Nix half whispers, with giggles in accompaniment.

"Yeah well, I want to be opened so you can stuff me," Clue says shaking me by the shoulders.

"Well, we need sleep to get a bunch more things fixed up all snazzy," I say lying down. "Who's climbing in with me?"

Blank and Nix snuggle to my sides before Clue snuggles down over me. Cross gives me a hand sign of her feelings on the subject, namely flipping me the bird. Stacy crawls a little closer, and settles beside Blank. Tempis tilts her head giving me a contented smile before tucking into her wings for the night.

Morning came, and we all talked and exchanged kisses before getting on with the day's hoped-for progress. Aerial servants were called forth, glass set up and wands recharged. The glass roof on the bridge was the hardest to construct with no bracing or scaffolding to assist in lining up the enlarged pieces. 

Putting glass dome windows over Tempis's nest and greenhouse were child's play. By early evening, all the glass is in place, and gaining quite the interest from the Mer-clan. From the ocean side, this little island has transformed into a columned Grecian shore manor very temple like in appearance.

As the ladies gather up all the extra pieces and prepare an evening feast, I set the cleats and rings into walls or ceilings. Tomorrow is open to locate a large supply of white marble. It will also give us a chance to shop in Cholesta. I hope it is a much friendlier city.

Everyone is amazed at the place, and how much we have accomplished. I pass out having overtaxed my magic again. When morning comes, I find I am not the only one having a hard time getting going. But we hitch up the horses, and hug Tempis before setting out for Cholesta. The ride is much faster than I had expected.

Cresting a hill, this city has a much more organized layout than Meridous, with main roads and side walks, an aqueduct system, and a nicely docked harbor. Entering the city, we are greeted with a wave or two from passersby. The sounds of boastful conversation and laughter from a number of groups going about their business fill me with a yerning to see my homeland again. 

Stopping a local stable, we shelter the horses to have them groomed, and park the wagon on their guard attended lot. I don't see as many leers in my direction for a change. The ladies in my company are getting the lion's share of looks and winks. Clue says she'll wrangle us up a guide and mingles into the crowd.

A mention of 'Nameless' draws my attention. A few others we pass commenting that that little twerp couldn't be the Nameless that routed the vile rogues of the north road. I smirk and continue to follow the trail of disbelief to a gangly male in ranger type of gear spouting off about his prowess with a bow. I hold the ladies back from speaking against this impostor. I wanted sport of the man myself first.

"So you are Nameless then?" I say, stepping to the front of the gathered crowd.

"Indeed I am. Master of the Bow and dispencer of justice," he says proudly.

"The stories paint you as a mage. But you wield a bow, is it magicked?"

"I've no need of magic. This is all that is needed to thwart the wicked and cruel. Do you, good sir, have need of my service?"

"I saw the men you were said to have slain. Their bodies charred with visages of abject fear etched on them even in death. A simple bow could not do such a thing. And if you've no need of magic, I have no need of you. Good luck selling these falsehoods," I say turning my back to the man.

"You have a big mouth, sir." a wiry man says at my side, staring me down.

"You doubt me, sir, shall I prove myself to you and those gathered here?"

"That would be a good trick, how shall you do this then?" I ask, looking back towards the man.

"I will bull every arrow in my quiver."

"That would prove you a marksman, not Nameless." 

A groan and Cross steps to my side as the wiry man slinks out of her reach.

"Then what test would you have me perform to prove my words?"

"Tell us what you did with the reward for your deeds that has you hawking in this town square."

"Yes, the reward, I have given it to the temple."

"And kept none for your needs of food and shelter. Your lack of foresight to these needs paints less than a person of cunning and more one of a fool," the crowd snickers at this.

"I need not stand here and be mocked by some patchwork outfitted foreigner," he says, stomping off into the crowd.

"If you remember who you really are, look for me on the north road. Just find the little crag of an island off the cliff."

The jeers and laughter of the crowd as it dissolves bring a smile to my face. A few shaking my hand with comments of, you showed him, and, way to go. Blank steps up and flashes me her sketches of 'nameless' and the wiry man. I nod and we all walk toward the more expensive end of the market. Cross notes we are being shadowed by a few people. Nix whispers their intent to rob us in my ear.
