 Author's Note: Hi, again! This is the third story in my series about Lena the modern-day witch. Her tale started in "An Ill-Advised Kiss," which I posted back in 2013 and for which I received a lot of kind and helpful feedback (thank you!). Real-life then got in the way of fun and I left Lena and friends alone until 2018, when I posted "Cruel and Unusual Magic" which picked up soon after "An Ill-Advised Kiss." Another year has passed (two in Lena's world), and Lena has returned; as with the previous stories, "Inveterate Womanizer" was rattling around in my head after waking from a deep and dream-filled sleep. You don't need to read the first two -- they each can stand alone -- but I'd love it if you do!

Please note: one of the themes covered is non-consensual sex.

* * * * * * * *

For scientists, there are four fundamental forces that keep the universe from dissolving into chaos and entropy; from strongest to weakest they are: nuclear, electromagnetic, nuclear decay, and gravity. These forces govern the behavior of the physical world, and confidence in these forces is what helps physicists sleep at night.

What all but the most open-minded and enlightened scientists don't recognize, however, is that there is a force far more powerful than the four fundamental forces that keeps the universe -- physically and spiritually -- in order and without which life itself would be in constant peril: magic.

Nature constructs her own safeguards. Magic is a force for good and as such it is far easier for those gifted with the ability to wield magic to use it for good purposes. That's not to say it can't be used for evil or selfish purposes -- it simply means that it is more difficult to do so, and evil magic is far less powerful. In the long run, good magic will prevail, and bad magic will be contained. But there will always be instances where bad magic does damage.

Lena had witnessed bad magic. The generations of witches in her family had passed down to her a moral code as immutable as her magic was powerful. But, as powerful and benevolent a witch as she was, there is no way she could anticipate and prevent evil people from misusing magic. Sadly, she carried the burden of a horrible misuse of her own magic, due in small part to her carelessness and in large part to the depraved desires of two evil men. By coincidence, or perhaps by design or influence of magic itself, the victim of the magical abuse -- Mariel, Lena's former housekeeper -- was saved by Lena and in the process, Mariel's own ability to wield magic, previously unknown to her having grown up an orphan with her sisters, was awakened. With her help, Lena saw that justice was served on the two men who hurt Mariel.

Lena took Mariel under wing, lovingly teaching her about her power and the responsibility that goes with it. Lena insisted that Mariel quit her job as a housekeeper-for-hire and come work at Lena's jewelry shop, where she would learn both magic and jewelry-making as Lena's apprentice. Mariel continued her studies at the college in town and between her unfaltering work ethic and obvious sincerity with customers, she earned enough at the store to move her sisters and her into a more comfortable apartment, provide them with nicer -- but not fancy -- clothing, and enjoy the occasional splurge on dinners out or long drives to the beach for a weekend.

Lena was delighted with how Mariel had blossomed in the two years since her magical awakening. She was quite comfortable leaving the store in Mariel's hands so she could run errands or steal away for lunch with her devoted husband Brad. Brad was the only one who knew of Lena's powers, and with Mariel's permission, Lena informed him that Mariel was serving as a witchcraft, in addition to jewelry-craft, apprentice. Brad was delighted that Lena had someone else with which to share her secret, and since they had no children of their own, Mariel gave Lena the opportunity to express some of her maternal instincts.

And so, on a fine Thursday afternoon in spring, Lena left Mariel to mind the store and headed home to have lunch with Brad, with a promise of retuning later to focus on training in some new and important magic.

Neither Lena nor Brad were hungry, for lunch at least.

"This was a great idea," Brad panted.

"Mmmm-hmmm," Lena grunted in the affirmative.

"No really, it's amazing."

"Mmmm-hmmm."

"Are you enjoying it?"

"Mmmm-hmmm."

"How can we have never thought of this before?"

"Hey!" Lena snapped, releasing Brad's cock from deep within her mouth. "Less talk, more lick."

"Sorry," Brad replied sheepishly before resuming an enthusiastic tongue bath of Lena's pussy, as she slowly and sensuously devoured his cock while lightly tapping her fingertips below his balls. They were currently magically floating three feet above their bed, sixty-nining in a way they never could before. Brad was much taller than Lena so whenever they performed simultaneous oral on the bed (couch, floor, dining table ...), Lena was stretched to her limit and Brad craned his neck to make up for the difference in their torso lengths -- still pleasurable but slightly uncomfortable. Unencumbered by gravity, Brad could curve his back providing easy access to Lena's luscious mound while she, without the aid of magic, made his cock completely disappear in her throat -- no small feat given Brad's impressive size.

It had been Brad's idea. Ever the pragmatist, and a huge fan of sixty-nine, Brad was daydreaming about the position that afternoon when the idea hit him. He couldn't wait to try it. Lena had graciously recreated the Lover's Gift that she had given him once; the Lover's Gift is a charm that enables the bearer who is not a witch to perform simple harmless magic on others. It was the Lover's Gift that had accidentally fallen into the hands of the two deviants who violated young Mariel. Having learned her lesson, Lena imbued the Gift with safeguards that would prevent any further disasters. For the loving couple, it was the ultimate sex toy.

They didn't use the Lover's Gift often. Ordinarily, conventional -- well, at least not magically enhanced -- sex was more than enough. They reveled in their time together and it was the closeness as much as the act itself that gave them both pleasure. On those occasions when one or both of them was feeling a little creative or kinky, the Gift came in handy.

"Honey, slow down, I'm going to cum and I want to do it together."

Lena ignored Brad's plea. Cumming at the same time is fun, but she loved the sensation of him unloading in her throat, feeling any stress or tension drain into her to be swallowed and forgotten. Plus, she'd much rather then sit back and let Brad continue his expert oral with no distractions. A gentle push on his perineum worked every time. She felt his glans flare, then his whole cock throbbed and the first gush of his seed hit her throat. She was sad she didn't get to taste him, but he loved the feeling of pulsing while she held him deep. She did too.

She suckled the head and gently massaged his balls, coaxing every drop she could, and with a self-satisfied sigh, declared, "You may continue now." Her violet eyes rolled back in her head as she gave herself over to Brad's enthusiastic tongue.

Brad chuckled, "With pleasure." He licked, nibbled her clit, and probed her pussy with his tongue for thirty more minutes and three orgasms. Since it was his wish on the Gift that had brought them to their weightless state, he also had to end it. Lena was basking in post-orgasmic bliss when she heard Brad ask, "Ready?"

"For wha ..." was all she got out before gravity took over and she landed in a heap sprawled across Brad's chest. He was laughing convulsively. "Nice," she said. "At least you were on the bottom. You might have killed me if you'd been on top." Lena turned around and nestled into Brad's chest, her long black hair draped over his arm, where they lay for twenty minutes before the phone ringing disturbed their cuddle time.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Lena. Sorry to interrupt your, uh, lunch with Brad, but I was wondering if you could come back to the store. A bunch of people all showed up at once." A year ago, Mariel would have been panicked, but now she sounded composed, asking her boss for help, nothing more.

"Of course. I'll get there ASAP." She gave Brad a hug and said, "I'll be a little late tonight. Mariel is staying behind and we're starting her more advanced training."

Brad remained flat on his back, a blissful smile on his face. "No problem, hon. I'm just happy she has a wise and devoted teacher like you."

* * * * * * * *

Unlike Lena, Carla had not had a wise and devoted teacher from which to learn about her powers. She did not have the benefit of generations of witches in her family tree, carefully and lovingly passing along their knowledge of magic and the respect it deserves. Carla's education was tragically incomplete.

Generations ago, Carla's ancestors were benevolent witches, the same as Lena's. Somewhere along the way, unbeknownst and unknowable to Carla, tragedy struck her family, wiping out their skilled witches, leaving two uninitiated adolescents on their own, with vague memories of overheard stories about magic, and a box containing a thin wand of gnarled wood and a stack of ancient looking texts, whose secrets were almost impenetrable. Almost.

The two young girls, cousins on their mother's side, compared memories and scrounged for knowledge about their mothers. They soon pieced together the tiniest shred of understanding of their magical heritage and, without the family's centuries of experience to guide them, became enamored with the possibilities for personal gain that magic presented, without understanding its power or purpose. Their latent abilities and unharnessed yearning to learn led the cousins down a dark path. Through trial and error, they learned crude and basic spells by decrypting the runes and pictographs in the texts. They meditated, hoping the secrets of the books and their gifts lay somewhere in their subconscious, waiting to be unlocked. They learned nothing of the role magic played in maintaining balance in the universe. For them, it was a puzzle to be solved and, hopefully, an instrument for them to use.

At first, the magic they learned was used for their own amusement. Pictures in several of the texts depicted a witch holding a wand, so they adopted the practice of holding the wand when they cast their magic, passing it back and forth so each could practice. They decoded spells that enabled them to conjure simple things from thin air: a piece of fruit, or a lavish garment they'd seen at the market. Their appetites whetted, they began to long for less simple things and became frustrated and bitter when they could not harness the magic required. Frustration led to competitiveness, which led to trouble.

The elder of the two cousins stumbled on a spell -- a relatively simple one, but a major breakthrough for them -- by mispronouncing part of a spell they'd used often. The new spell could transform the shape and appearance of things. They tried the spell out first on inanimate objects, then on small animals. They successfully changed a piglet into a full-grown hog and changed a rooster to a hen. They would never want for food again.

The younger cousin was the more daring of the two. She was the first to try the transformation spell on herself. She carefully uttered the words and waved the wand over her head. She watched in the mirror as her hair grew long and lustrous, her breasts swelled, and her legs lengthened. She became a 14-year-old girl in the body of beautiful 20-year-old woman. When her cousin saw what she had done, she wanted to try the spell on herself. With a wave of the wand, the elder cousin morphed into an even more beautiful woman.

The young cousin was consumed with rage and jealousy. She had been the brave one, trying the spell on herself. Now her cousin came along, stole the idea, and the result was even better than her own. She snatched the wand and waved it over her cousin's head. Slowly, the elder cousin shrank, a thick coat of hair enveloping her body. Where once stood a beautiful woman now stood a tiny rat. While the young cousin admired her handiwork, the elder was stunned at the cruelty of her transformation. That is, until a cat, spying a snack, snatched the rat and whisked it away to what was, for the elder cousin, a horrifying and painful death.

Without her cousin to continue her exploration, the young cousin's skills stagnated. She had mastered the spell of transformation, but nothing more. She moved away, transformed herself into an even more beautiful woman, and married a rich and foolish man, who she terrorized with threats of horrific changes, growing ever more contemptuous of her husband at first, and eventually of those who did not have her powers, which was basically everyone. They had a daughter, who was taught the spell and inherited the wand upon her mother's death. The mastery of the transformation spell, the wand, and the contempt for weakness were passed generation to generation until Carla's mother passed them to her.

And Carla loved to use her power. By age 19, Carla had left a swath of scorched earth in her path, destroying lives without a thought. She left home at 16, convinced that her power and her smarts would enable her to live the life of her dreams away from her over-bearing mother, who had made the mistake of teaching young Carla the spell far earlier than she should have and, having carelessly left the wand unguarded, had been transformed into a 700-pound shut-in. Carla moved from town to town and state to state, using and magically abusing people to get what she wanted, and when her situation became untenable, moved along.

As a child and teenager, Carla's looks were unremarkable. Neither dazzling nor homely, Carla was a perfectly average young girl. As she matured, she believed, with no real evidence, that nice girls got trampled and pretty girls got everything. Not surprisingly, she started using her spell to augment her looks and, where possible, mistreat nice girls. If she saw a woman who she thought was prettier or was getting more attention, she'd adjust her appearance, adding whatever positive trait she thought she saw. Even her mother would not recognize her.

Eventually, she found herself in the town where Lena lived, in the gymnasium of the college where Mariel attended school, toying with her latest unwitting victim. Carla had assumed the appearance of a tall thin redhead, with the palest of freckles and a smile that could melt hearts. Her curves were alluring but not exaggerated. Best not to arouse suspicion, she thought, just another college hotty catching the eye of the basketball team. She watched and waited during practice until the boys wandered back to the locker room. She knew at least one of them would linger behind, hoping to strike up a conversation with her. Sure enough, the tallest cockiest player walked over and introduced himself; he was a senior, 6'8" tall, with deep black skin and rippling muscles, and was clearly used to women drooling for him. Carla set the trap, coyly introducing herself, flirting overtly but not aggressively -- there was no need to be aggressive. She had him.

He had introduced himself as Jesse, but she wouldn't bother remembering his name. It wouldn't matter soon. She casually laid her hand on the young man's arm. "Such huge muscles. You're just so ... big." She licked her lips invitingly, then leaned up and kissed him, quickly but firmly, on the lips. "Come with me," she whispered, and then grabbed her bag and headed toward the area behind the bleachers, out of sight. Jesse followed, quickly and confidently.

When they were alone behind the stands, she faced him with her hands behind her back. She was holding her wand. "Are you that big, everywhere," she asked coyly. He took that as an invitation and proceeded to push his basketball shorts down to his ankles. Even soft, his cock was over six inches. "Well that answers that," Carla cooed. "May I?" she asked and not waiting for an answer she took his cock in her hand and stroked it very slowly. A predatory grin crossed his lips and he moaned in satisfaction. "Wow, look at it grow." His cock swelled in her hands and when it was rock hard and throbbing it was just north of eleven inches. Carla knew it would be. She had overheard gossip from the girls around town about all of the basketball players and she was delighted that it was Jesse who took the bait.

"Does that feel good?" she asked innocently. Jesse grunted in the affirmative. "Hmmm. That's a shame. You see, I have a secret: I prefer girls." With her other hand, Carla reached up and waved the wand slowly over Jesse's head and quickly spoke the words to her spell. She released Jesse's cock and took a step back, her own predatory grin spreading across her face.

"Hey, what do you mean? Why did you stop, you fucking tease!" Jesse tried to step forward but found his feet were stuck to the ground. Other than his mouth, he was completely paralyzed. "What the ..."

"Shhh." Carla put a finger to his lips and his voice went mute. "Like I said, I like girls."

The transformation began slowly, which was how Carla liked it. She loved watching a man, especially a strong cocky one, morph into her plaything. It was painless for the man, but oh so pleasurable for Carla. She had been wet the whole time watching the basketball team, hoping it was Jesse who would hit on her. She imagined the woman she would turn him into -- firm body, like Jesse, but with womanly curves. She'd have copper hair, that reached down to her butt in a long straight braid. Lips, full and soft. And a long strong flexible tongue.

Now she was watching her sex-toy molded into shape before her eyes. She slipped her skirt off and unabashedly began to rub her clit, feeling the wetness ooze from her pussy, making her fingertip slick. Nearly a foot of cock receded into his body as his hips and butt flared into exaggerated orbs. Firm pectorals swelled into equally firm breasts that strained to pop out over the basketball jersey which shimmered for a moment before disappearing.

The rush of her power was intoxicating, and it never got old. She'd lost count of how many playthings she'd created and discarded; how many unsuspecting men had their bodies and lives changed because of Carla's twisted desires. She had transformed strong men, like Jesse, because exerting her power over them was even more thrilling than the sexual pleasures she would force them to provide her. But it wasn't just strong men she'd target. Sometimes, on a whim, she'd select a perfectly innocent man and wipe him from existence for the sheer fun of it. She'd watched an earnest young man propose marriage at a restaurant one evening and the thought of utterly destroying their happiness with a wave of her wand had her squirming on her barstool. She followed him into the men's room and before he could react, she had her wand over his head and she murmured the spell that had been passed down generation after generation. She didn't even bother making him service her; Carla watched as the man at the urinal became a naked frightened woman, and then walked out, her face flushed with arousal and satisfaction. The groom-to-be was gone.

The spell was easily reversible. Carla could have her fun and then change her victims back. She never did, but it was the promise of restoration of their literal manhood that always convinced them to submit to her will. Once Jesse had transformed into an amazon, huge luscious breasts and bubble butt redefining her still 6'8" frame, Carla explained, "I have made you a woman. Only I can change you back, but you must do exactly as I say. Otherwise, this is the new you." Jesse, unfrozen now that the transformation had completed, started to lunge at Carla, but she held up her wand and said "Careful. You saw what I can do. I could change you into something far less pleasant. Now, kneel."
