 Mr. Williams' History Class was one of the slowest classes I had Senior Year of High School. The only thing that kept me awake was Adrienne White. Adrienne was a beautiful girl about 5' 5" and very skinny with, I dunno, I guess C cup breasts (very perky). She had a great chest, but most of the guys knew her for her ass. She was in gymnastics and volleyball and was pretty much tight all over. But her ass was the best part of her, and all the guys would do anything for her just to watch her walk away. She wore pants that showed it off quite well, too. Those stretchy pants that wrapped around every curve. She had long shiny brown hair that went down to about the middle of her back. Even her VOICE was cute.

I had a perfect view of Adrienne in History Class from my seat. I entered late one day and saw her bending down getting books from under desk when I entered. Today she was looking SO incredible I couldn't keep my eyes off her as I made my way to my normal seat. She was wearing black stretchy pants and some sort of pink strappy shirt that really pressed her breasts together. I honestly think that gravity works upside down on Adrienne's breasts. My friend John sits next to me in that class.

"Man, John, she looks amazing today!" I said.

"Dude, you missed it! When she first got in, she was taking off her sweater over her head and her shirt lifted so far up," John said, "that you could see her bra."

"ARE YOU KIDDING ME??" I groaned under my breath.

"Nope, man. It was black. Oh it was THE moment of the year," John said, grinning.

"Oh man," I muttered. Mr. Williams entered and we all shushed up and sat up straight.  Class went on as usual for about 10 minutes when I had to go to the bathroom. Mr. Williams doesn't even notice if you don't come BACK from a bathroom break, so I planned to take my time. He let me go without a problem, and I started roaming the hallways until I got to a bathroom. I used it real quick then started to wash my hands, with the image of Adrienne's breasts squished together in that pink shirt.

Looking in the mirror, I half-jokingly said, "God, you know I'm never going to get a chance to be with Adrienne White, she's so far out of my league. But please let me see her naked somehow? Or, I dunno, semi-naked? A nipple? Something? ...Please? ...No?" 

I laughed at myself and dryed my hands. I exited the bathroom. Not paying attention, and looking behind me, I accidentally bumped into Ms. George, knocking her over. 

"I'm so sorry, Ms. George!" I said as I bent down to help her pick up her papers. 

"...Who said that? Who's there??" Ms. George looked around nervously. She was old. Was her vision failing her this badly?

"I'm right here, Ms. George. In front of you!" I spoke up louder. She seemed to be looking right at me, but was reaching out with her hand to feel for me. I looked down to where my feet would be and saw nothing! I raised my hand up and... I had no hand!

Well, to cut the boring part of the story short, I freaked our for a good 5 minutes, realizing I had somehow become invisible! My clothes, my skin, everything! Invisible! I went to different people and waved my arms in their face and doing weird little dances and jigs. Not one person could see me! It turned out people could HEAR me though, so I just had to be silent and remember not to talk outloud to myself, as I tend to do. 

Well, after coming to terms with my new problem, I thought of things that I could do with my new power. Of course, the first thing that came to mind was Adrienne White. I didn't know WHAT I could do, but I made my way back to the classroom. I quietly opened the door and let it slide shut. A few kids looked in my direction, but since noone saw me, the dismissed it and went back to note passing and doodling.

I slowly walked past my normal seat next to John and continued to the row where Adrienne was sitting. I crouched down behind her and watched her for a little bit. She was very tired I could see as her eyelids kept drooping down and then jerking them back up. Looking at her back, I could see her black pants and around her waist the hint of a purple thong underneath. Holding my breath, I slowly pinched the purple thong and began to lift it up, showing more of it. I stopped when she reached around and pulled her pants back up over it with girl instinct.

I stayed there crouched for a minute and her arm fell to her side. I had an idea. I took both hands and wrapped them around her so each hand was a few inches from her breasts. With two fingers, I started lightly tracing little circles where her nipples would be under her shirt. She moved her head up a little more stiffly. She had obviously woken up from her daydreaming. I continued doing it with my fingers until I felt her nipples starting to get hard. Within a minute, I could now see them poking out from under her shirt. 

I took a glance at her face and it was completely obvious she had no idea what was happenening but that she liked it. I checked around the room to make sure noone else was watching in suspicion. They weren't. Most were in their own little world.

With my left hand still playing with her nipple, I decided to move my right hand down her stomach, tracing a small slight line down her until I reached her hips. She uncrossed her legs, almost expecting whatever she was feeling to want them to be open. She was right, I did. I used my hand to form a cup and slowly reached from behind her and cupped her crotch area. I gently started moving my hand up and down, applying a bit more pressure with my middle finger. I could feel her hips starting to move a little bit along with my hand's movements.

I couldn't help but smile to my invisble self. Any guy in this room would DIE to be making Adrienne White wet. And I could feel in my right hand a dampness begining to form. She was half asleep, I wondered if she simply was thinking she was imagining these things or not? I took a risk and took a piece of her ear in my mouth. This seemed to be the last straw. She jerked up straight and asked Mr. Williams to go to the bathroom. 

"Sure," he muttered, and got back to writing notes on the blackboard. He hadn't even noticed I hadn't come back from MY bathroom break yet! Well, anyways. She jumped up and quickly ran for the door. I had to bounce up and follow quickly, squeezing myself through the closing door behind her. I followed her as she made her way to the girl's lav. She was obviously flustered and was pushing her hair back and straightening her shirt.

I entered the bathroom with her and she went to a stall. It bounced as it shut closed behind her. I ran in and pressed myself against the interior of the stall wall when it bounced the second time. She just sat on the lid of the toilet, taking deep breaths. She seemed to be composing herself.

I watched her for a minute before she stood up and took one last deep breath. She muttered, "What WAS that..."

I took a chance and placed my hands on her hips and took a hold of her pants and started to push them down. She looked down in utter shock at what was happening. She probably let me continue out of sheer curiosity. I made sure not to say a thing, in case she recognized my voice from class. 

Her pants were on the floor now as she looked down at them in such complete disbelief. She looked better than anything I could have imagined. Her legs were tan and long and very fit. I reached behind her and grabbed her butt, pulling her closer to me. This was kind of a mistake. 

I was wearing Athletic swooshy pants, and my cock was rock hard. I pushed her so close, she must have felt the bulge of a hard rod shaped object. Immediately, she had the look of recognition of her face and I realized she knew either 1- she was being played with by an invisble man, or 2- she was being played with by a friendly ghost. Whichever one she believed, it was obvious she didnt care. She got on her knees and felt around until she pulled down my pants and my cock flopped out. She reached around for it until she found it and a smile appeared on her face. She put it in her mouth and began sucking it on furiously.

Taking it out and looking up at the vague direction of my head, she said, "You like this, don't you?" 

To signal an obvious YES, I put my hands through her hair and held her closer.  She continued sucking me off until I couldn't hold it any longer and lifted her up. I took her by the waist and backed out of the stall to the sinks. I quickly took the straps of her shirt and slid them down her shoulders as she helped with her arms, taking them out of the restrains of the shirt. I lifted the rest of the shirt down until her breasts fell out and the shirt was wrapped around her waist. Her boobs were almost as perfect as I imagined. Her nipples were hard and just the right size. I doubt a girl in our part of town would have BREAST IMPLANTS, but these were some of the most perfect I had ever seen. They were just begging to be sucked. That's exactly what I did. She still hadn't let go of my penis and was slowly jerking me off. She threw her head back and was silently moaning by now. 

She now moved her other hand down and was cupping my balls and runing her nails along them as I continued to suck away on her nipples. After a few minutes of this, I grabbed her firm ass and lifted her up in the air. I felt around her thong, and moved it aside, and then slide her pussy right into my cock. She was holding me around my neck and I bounced her up and down in the air. Looking into the mirror in front of me, all I could see was Adrienne White floating in mid air, bouncing up and down, sweating, with her head thrown back and held back moans coming from her. Her breasts were bouncing up and down furiously. 

She was now whispering in pleasure, "I want your fucking cum, give it to me.. now. Please."  I allowed myself one grunt to acknoledge. After a few more minutes, I'm happy to say I came in her. We then collapsed on the floor. 

"Oh God. Whoever you are... do this to me again sometime... please. Oh fuck." I got up and pulled my pants up.  Adrienne still lay panting on the floor, covered in sweat. I had to get back to class to see her expression after I had screwed her.

"School may not be so bad after all," I thought to myself. With one last glace back and Adrienne sprawled on the floor, I left the bathroom. Hell, maybe I could use these powers at home, too. 

I walked back to class, in disbelief that I had just fucked Ms. Adrienne White.