 Hi, I'm Luke! I'm a senior in high school, and just recently got powers of invisibility. I got them in class, and lead one of the hottest girls in our school, Adrienne White, to the bathroom, where I proceeded to fuck her... my DREAM come true!

Well, it's been a few days since I screwed Adrienne, and I was ready to do it again, already! Unfortunately, the only classes I had with Adrienne was History and Gym. It's really hard to get over to her desk in History class, the way the room is positioned, so I figured I'll try my luck in Gym. 

The past few days in class, Adrienne seemed to be acting weird. Like, she's been looking around more, and she's been wearing these OUT OF THIS WORLD clothes. I didn't think she could look hotter than she usually did, but, oh, she did! Of course, in Gym class, we all have to wear school colors and gym shorts and stuff. Adrienne's outfit is just a white T-shirt with short blue pants. I always admired her fantastic chest when it was colder out and her nipples were visible through her shirt. Of course, now I KNOW what they look like from the other day.

Anyways, I figured while I could turn myself invisibile.. why not conquer ANOTHER of my fantasies (and every other guy's fantasy), and sneak into the girl's locker room?

I did this after class.. it wasn't too hard. I turned invisible and snuck in when we all went back to our locker rooms. The locker room was NOT like most guys dream of it to be. There's not naked teasing and kissing or much nudity at all. A few girls didn't wear underwear here and there, but they weren't too hot anyways, and they dressed quickly. But it doesn't matter. Half the girls were hotties anyways, and I had a hard-on within 1 minute of walking in there.

I found my way to Adrienne right away, who was with her friends. She was still in her gym clothes, though. I needed a way to get her away from them! I weaved my way around the other girls to her. My dick was pointing straight out from under my gym shorts. Out of my boxers and everything. I walked over to her, and from behind, I just put my arms around her waist and slowly pushed my dick under her butt, pushing into her shorts, between her legs. I took it out quickly.

Initially, she turned around really quick, freaked out. But I think she realized it was me within a few seconds, cuz she smirked. After that, she kinda pushed her butt out a little, continuing talking to her friends, with that faint, cute smile still on her face. I pushed my cock into her butt again, giving her a little wedgy, and I ran my hands up her back... I could feel goosebumps on her neck. I stopped again, though. She told her friends she'd catch up with them later, and took her time getting undressed. 

Eventually, there were only a few girls left in the room, so I walked back over to Adrienne, who was half dressed now. She was wearing yellow panties with little monkeys on them, and her upper-half was clothed with a low cut pink shirt, and she had a black bra underneath. 

I grabbed her around the waist and pulled her into the showers (which were dry, since they're never used during classes), my cock bouncing up and down during the walk over. I pushed her against the inside corner of the shower section, so the few remaining girls wouldn't see us. She lifted my invisible shirt off, looking happy but confused, since she couldn't SEE what she was lifting off.

She rubbed her hands up and down my chest, laughing and smiling, saying "Oh, whoever you are, GOD, you're hot!" She ran her hands through my hair, around my back, on my chest, all over! She got down to my cock and started holding it, and twisting it around a little in her hands. She was smiling and giggling and her body was starting to do little convulsions against the wall. I peaked down at her panties and saw a little damp spot between her legs. Just the THOUGHT of doing me again got her all wet! YES!

"Ssh, there's still a few girls left in here," she said. "They're whores too, they'll spread this around the school in NO time." 

She then grabbed my cock again and pushed it between her legs, so she was sitting on it like strattling a bench or a pole. She held onto my waist and started pushing me back and forth until I got the idea. Just foreplay. Rub my cock against her pussy without being inside first. She took her shirt and bra off in, like, record time. Her tits flopped out, nipples not yet hard. I knew I had to take care of that right away. 

I started licking her nipples, then pinching them and twisting them until they stuck straight out. Adrienne was moaning so hard, but in a whispering voice. I thought i was gonna cum in her undies right then.

"Take my panties off.. hurry, please!" she said, as her hands moved to take the place of mine one her breasts, as she began rubbing her own nipples. I squatted down and pulled her panties around her ankles, and she stepped out of them and kicked them against the wall. My dick was flopping in front of me as I stood back up.

"Lay on the floor!" she whispered at me, as her hands moved down to her pussy (which, by the way, she shaved) It looked delicious!

I layed down, kinda trembling out of giddyness and because the floor was so cold. I knew where this was going, and it couldn't get there quick enough!

She strattled me, and held my cock in place as she lowered it onto her pussy. She started riding me fast and with circular girations that made me just go numb. Fuck, it felt soo good. I grabbed her pefect tits and just held on for the ride. I didn't know if any of the girls were still left in the locker room, but I didn't care, and I don't think she did, because just our naked bodies sliding around on the floor was making enough noise for someone to hear us.

Still bouncing her ass up and down, she lowered herself so her tits were against my chest, and her face was buried in my neck. She let out the longest moan I've ever heard right in my ear. I could feel her hard nipples burying into my chest. As we climaxed, she started sucking on my ear.. which felt great. I came, and I assume she came too, because her grip loosened, and she just layed on top of me for a minute, breathing hard. 

"God, we have to do this outside of school. You need to come over my house sometime," she whispered between breaths. She then told me her address... I knew right where it was, no problem! She then lifted her self off of me, and went to get up. Before she did, she reached her hand back down to my cock and gripped it again.

"Tsk, there's alot of cum left all over your cock... ssh, I'll just get rid of that for you real quick." I layed on the floor panting, not believing she wasn't done JUST yet.

She put her head over my cock and took a big mouthful, sucking the cum off my cock. She wasn't exactly blowing me, mind you, she was literally just sucking the cum off my cock and swallowing it. She was literally licking me clean. She then blew on it a little bit (to dry it, I guess!), then got up and quickly fumbled for her clothes, got dressed, and left (another class WAS coming in soon!) I enjoyed the sight of her ass walking away as I layed on the floor. It really was the best ass I've ever layed eyes upon (AND have grabbed!)

I layed there, panting and sweating, with the image of Adrienne moaning on top of me, bouncing up and down and all around with such fury. I could masturbate about that alone for a month straight.

I couldn't stop thinking... what else could I do with these powers?!