 **Story set in high school, but all sex participants are at least seniors over 18. Story takes place in the same universe and overlaps with my other story 'Perverted Shapeshifter'. ** 

The lights dimmed and trailers started playing. Stephen had told me, "Happy Birthday," before paying my way into the movie. I wanted to think it was because he liked me as much as I liked him, but that seemed unlikely as he hadn't made a move before or since. His red hair and freckles were incredibly cute. He didn't have much muscle, but that was OK, since it only added to his nerdish charm. Unfortunately, both him and Mike seemed to just see me as their friend to hang out with, and not as a girl who craved sex just as much as them. 

Them not noticing might be partially my fault, since I enjoyed the feeling of baggy clothes much more than tight clothes. While my breasts weren't very big, they might as well have been nonexistent in my shirt. However, my baggy clothes do let me get away with almost never wearing a bra or panties.

The rugged hero in the movie finally seduced the hot, blonde character. The boys shared a knowing look as the sex scene was well advertised and probably half the reason they chose this movie. The other half was that I was the last one to turn 18 and this was our first R rated movie together. 

The blonde character pulled up her skintight lavender top to expose a pair of luscious D-cup tits. I wanted to suck on her nipples, and judging from the bulges forming in Stephen and Mike's pants, so did they. My imagination painted Stephen's dick as large and veiny like in the pornos. As a virgin, I had never seen or touched a dick in real life, and I so desperately wished for my first to be Stephen's. Mike's wouldn't be too bad either. He wasn't as cute as Stephen, and his fashion sense was atrocious with red rimmed glasses that took up half his face and today he wore blue suspenders. His body was very skinny though, giving him slightly more tone than Stephen. My pussy started getting wet at the thought of having both of them, and the moans from the movie's sex scene were making me even hornier. The rugged hero grabbed his long, hard cock to guide into her, and I practically wanted to rub myself right then. His dick was huge. 

The popcorn I was holding started to just float in front of me. I could still feel it in my hand, so I pulled it closer and ate it. After pulling my hand back, a butter and salt silhouette of my hand hovered in front of me. It lasted just long enough for my hand to fade back into view. Everybody was too busy staring at the actress's titties to notice my invisible hand. 

The rest of the movie felt like forever. Not because of bad pacing, but because half of me wanted to rush home and see what this invisibility thing was all about. The other half of me wanted to touch me or for me to reach over and grab Stephen's cock, which I could tell was still hard. Finally, the lights brightened and we all made our way out of the theater.

"Damn, that chick was hot," Stephen said.

"Oh yeah, I'd fuck her till dawn," Mike said. "She has nice melons on her."

"How about that guy's dick?" I held out my hand considerably far apart. "It was like this long!"

"Gross."

"I thought you were bisexual, Laura?" said Stephen.

"I am, but I like to see you guys squirm."

"Well stop it," said Mike. "Talk about her tits or something."

I laughed. "Fine. I wanted to suck of those perfect, D-cup breasts and twirl my tongue around her nipples."

"Now, that's more like it."

"Bet you guys would like to watch that, huh?" I asked. They just nervously chuckled as we headed to my car, since I was the only one who actually saved up for one. I dropped off Mike first. He shook hands with Stephen before leaving. Not me though, since I just didn't do handshakes like the other two did. 

Stephen was next. 

"Have fun masturbating," I said as he opened the car door. 

"What?" Stephen asked in a stunned voice. 

Even I couldn't believe I had just said that, but time to roll with it. "Well, that's what you're gonna do isn't it?" When he made no reply, I finished with, "I'm going to, that sex scene was fucking hot."

Stephen nervously chuckled. "Um, yes. I will masturbate."

"Cool. Me too. Have fun."

Stephen nodded before shutting the door and I giggled to myself. Boys' heads were so easy to mess with. 

#

I stood in front of my bedroom mirror and tried to recreate the invisible thing I did in the theater. Let's see, I was horny. Maybe horniness causes invisibility. Even if not, I was halfway there, and this was a good excuse as any to play with myself.

The image of Stephen lying in bed naked came to my mind. His cock standing large and proud against his belly with his manly hands wrapped around it. My pussy started getting wet, but I was still very visible. 

I unbuckled by belt and slid my pants off, leaving me naked from the waist down since I didn't wear panties. My fingers ran over the smooth skin above my moist crevice, and lightly touched the clit. Stephen's image grew more vivid in my mind as I pictured him stroking his cock faster. A moan escaped my lips and my fingers went inside my pussy. 

I would walk in on Stephen masturbating without a stitch of clothing on me. Instead of covering himself, he would keep stroking it as I got closer. He would reach up with his free hand to touch my petite breasts. I rubbed my own breasts and imagined it was him. After kissing a trail down his chest, my mouth would be at his dick and my mouth salivated at the thought. It would be hard and hot inside my mouth as my lips slid up and down it. My tongue would swirl around the head before I made my way down his shaft. I'd make sure to play with his balls too, I've read boys like that. Finally, his cum would shoot into my mouth and I'd swallow his sweet, salty fluid. Pleasure exploded through my pussy and I sighed with pleasure. 

It was nice to get some relief, but unfortunately, I was still very visible. I pictured myself turning invisible. A tingle went through my body, and sure enough, I had no body when I looked down. My heart jumped into my throat and I stood up to look in the mirror. There was just a t-shirt and a pair of glasses floating in the middle of the room. Even with all my concentration, the shirt and glasses wouldn't turn invisible. My eyesight wasn't that bad, so I took them both off. I wanted to hit myself at how easy it was to turn invisible. I walked out of my room and into the living room where my dad was watching television. He had no reaction when I stepped in front of the television. He had no idea his daughter was standing naked in front of him naked. This would be so sexy if it was anybody but my dad, so I had an idea. After stuffing the remote between the couch cushions, I went back to my room and turned visible again. Never before did I have an exhibition fetish, but then, I had never had invisibility before. I got dressed and grabbed my keys. My dad didn't mind me going out again, despite it being late. I stopped at a 24 hour superstore. 

The parking lot was sparse since it was almost midnight, so I parked pretty close. First, I took off my shirt to expose my tits. Nobody was around to see them unfortunately. I kicked off my shoes, and unbuckled my belt. My pants slid off, and I left them on the floor. 

It felt exhilarating to be naked in a car where just anybody could see me. Anybody could see my perky tits or puffy nipples. If they were really nosy, they could see my shaved pussy. The fabric of the car seat felt good against my bare skin. I sat there naked for several long minutes until finally a man walked right past the car without noticing. He was too busy minding his own business. The thought crossed my mind to yell and get his attention, but I wasn't quite ready for that kind of attention. It was time to exit though. 

The cold night air was exhilarating on my naked body, and my nipples perked up as soon as it hit them. I ran my fingers through my hair. I'd be a natural blonde, but I like to dye it dark black. Finally, a couple people noticed me. A man carrying groceries stopped dead in his tracks to stare at me. The woman he was with punched him in the arm and forced him to keep moving. He nearly broke his neck to keep staring, so I gave him a wink and a wave before disappearing. 

It was like somebody hit the play button after pause. They all went to their cars after the show was over. Most of them did anyway, there were a few that kept looking in my direction, hoping I'd reappear. I entered the store. 

The automatic doors opened for me, and the confused door greeter looked at the doors that opened for nobody. He was probably in his late eighties. I bent over in front of him and rubbed my pussy. What a show he was missing. I stroked his earlobe and he looked around, startled. 

People were few and far between in the store at midnight, and most of them were workers. Tired, lazy workers if their speed was anything to judge by. One woman working in frozen food was carrying a heavy box. She looked barely older than me, with bright blonde hair that she held in a ponytail. Her breasts were of decent size, though they were hidden behind a blue vest, and her tight khaki pants clung to her ass nicely. I pinched her tight ass. She yelled before looking around and seeing nobody. I got brave and ran my hand through the front between her legs. She closed her eyes for a moment, then looked around. 

A female customer was shopping nearby, and the cold made it very apparent she wasn't wearing a bra. She looked about my age, though her tits were huge and soft, though her nipples could cut glass like mine. Her head darted left and right when I touched her. I chanced another rub though, this time circling her nipples. She seemed to be enjoying it. 

After a nudge, she stepped closer to where the worker was, and I kept guiding her there until she was close enough for me to touch both. The worker, whose name tag read 'Susan', had gotten back to stocking, figuring that she wouldn't have another phantom grope. With my left hand, I ran my fingers between her legs, and she stopped working again. She breathed in sharply and looked at the customer whose tits I continued to knead. Both of them seemed to silently blame the other, but neither one looked terribly upset. 

My finger traced around the customer's nipple and I pulled on it. Her breathing sped up just like the worker's did until her pink lips separated. As I looked at her face more, I quickly realized the customer was Amanda, a girl from school that Stephen had a major crush on. He'd talk about her and her large tits all the time. When he wasn't, he was talking about her ass. Now I was doing what he undoubtedly wished he could do. 

A group of guys approached the stock worker and stood there for several seconds. They watched the two women stare each other down for no apparent reason to them until finally one of them cleared his throat. Both women jumped, but Susan finally seemed to come to her senses. "C-can I help you," she breathed. The hand on Amanda slowly slid down her torso until my fingers passed the hem of her skirt. She started to back away for a second, but I knelt down for a better vantage point to peer up her skirt. There was a triangular patch of hair above a pussy unobstructed by panties of any kind. 

"Yeah, where's the ketchup?" one of the guys asked. He had pink hair in a Mohawk with a silver earring on both ears. 

I rubbed Susan's pussy faster and harder until she could barely form a sentence. She stuttered for a few seconds until the guy repeated his question, but louder. "It's on aisle three," she screamed. 

My other hand slowly went up Amanda's thigh. She made no effort to stop me when I got closer to her lower lips. Her eyes closed when I finally made contact with her clitoris, and I could feel her starting to get wet. A soft moan escaped her lips. 

"What the hell is going on with her?" a guy asked. He had long flowing green hair and a tattoo on his neck that continued into his shirt. 

"She looks happy, maybe she stuck a vibrator in her pussy," the pink haired guy said with a smirk. 

"I think this worker is enjoying herself too," said the bald one. He glanced at her left breast where the nametag hung. "Are you enjoying yourself, Susan?"

Susan shook her head, but used a stack of boxes to balance when I rubbed her harder. She tried to suppress a moan and was clearly embarrassed. 

"I think she is," said the bald one with a smile that exposed a gold tooth. 

I kept one finger on Amanda's clit while the others went back and forth across her entrance. She got wetter so I decided to slip a couple in. All sense of subtlety was dropped when she let out a loud moan and reached up to grab her own tits. I looked up at her and she was thoroughly enjoying it. The guys were dead silent I picked the skirt up to expose her to their wanting eyes. Amanda made no attempts to cover up, even after looking down and seeing what was happening. "You like?" she asked all of them. 

They responded in unison with a quick, "Yes." Amanda smiled and pulled up her shirt to show off her big tits. It took me a second to realize I could hold up her skirt with my forearm and stand, since I wasn't obstructing the show. Her big nipples were appealing to me, so I leaned closer. She squealed when I put her nipple in my mouth and sucked hard. It stiffened in front of everybody, and my saliva gave it an unexplainable sheen. 

"Harder! More!" Amanda cried out, and her inner thighs started to twitch. 

"Ug, me too," said Susan. Her fingers worked quickly with her vest and she threw it to the side so she could lift her shirt. Her breasts were still hidden behind a white, silk bra. She unzipped the top of her pants and grabbed my invisible arm to guide it in. A thin line of hair lead me to her clit, which I rubbed, eliciting screams of ecstasy from the formerly shy Susan. 

All four of the guys had pulled out their camera phones to record the two women too lost in their pleasure to care. The bulges in their pants was very obvious. My mouth left Amanda's breast so I could give Susan some love. I pulled her bra down with my teeth to expose her small, pink nipple that I started to nibble on. All this moaning and screaming was making me wet, and I wished there was somebody to rub me. 

"Don't stop," Amanda pleaded. 

"Almost there!" Susan reached over to grab Amanda's breast, who quickly reciprocated. I moved out of the way so they wouldn't accidentally touch me, though I kept my hands on both their pussies. Both of them started to twitch, and they moaned together louder than ever. They stiffened and writhed in the orgasm, and Amanda nearly fell over. 

After withdrawing my hand, I had their juices giving my hands a slight silhouette. Nobody seemed to notice so I ran to a paper towel dispenser to wipe off. When I had turned around, the four guys put their phones away. Both Susan and Amanda had gotten their clothes back on, and had guys flirting with them. I got closer to one of the unoccupied guys, the one with blue hair that hadn't spoken the entire time, and let my hand brush against the big bulge in the front of his pants. His eyes grew wide, but he frowned when he realized I wasn't going to finish him. 

I figured that was enough fun for one night, and I made my way out of the store. The eighty year old door greeter was still standing there, trying not to fall asleep in the pre-dawn hours. I smirked and let myself go visible. He instantly straightened up and gasped. He did little but stare as I turned around and bent over. I touched my pussy and blew him a kiss before turning invisible again. 

#

Anti-magic hate groups were a very real presence here, and killed anybody who practiced magic, even if it was an innate ability. The more I thought about it, my adventure in the supermarket was quite reckless. Fortunately, nothing came of it, and I went to school Monday without incident. I didn't even tell Stephen or Mike. It was very difficult not to say something to Amanda when I saw her in class though. When I asked her about her weekend, she just shrugged and said she did nothing. I could not stop the smirk on my face. 

Boys and girls took PE separately. We did volleyball today, and the coach said we'll be doing that all week. I was benchwarmer, like usual during things like this. However, the boys ran laps. Their bodies were covered in sweat, and I nearly drooled when they walked in. Stephen and Mike looked like they were about to pass out. Both coaches dismissed the students for 15 minutes of showers. My heart raced at what I was about to do. 

I went to the girl's locker room like normal and stripped by my locker. After my clothes were locked away, I checked to see if anybody was looking and vanished. It was a thrill to walk outside on school grounds butt naked, but the hot sidewalk burned the soles of my feet as I walked to the boy's locker room and pushed the door. Fortunately, nobody was around to see the door open itself. Many hard muscled guys were in various states of dress. My pussy became wet almost instantly, and I wanted to fondle them for a repeat of the supermarket. However, I was here to see a very specific person. 

Stephen had just pulled his boxers off when I found him and my heart jumped in my throat. His dick hung from a mass of orange, curly hair and his circumcised dick showed his pinkish tip. If he only knew what was in front of him. I reached out to touch it, but he turned away towards the showers at the last second. His left and right ass cheeks tensed as he walked away. 

I turned around just in time to see Mike's dark, naked body. He was covered in sweat and his dick was even bigger than Stephen's. His body had the slightest hint of muscle, though he was very skinny. I had to move out of the way for him too as he made his way to the showers. The thought occurred to me to give one or both of them a stealthy hand job, but then I've heard what happens to boys who get boners in the locker room. 

I took one last tour around the locker room, checking out the chiseled abs and rock hard bodies in front of me. So many dicks, and it was so tempting to touch them. Their asses were nice too. I left and went back to the girl's locker room before I made trouble. 

#

The last class went by relatively quickly. Both Mike and Stephen were in that class. Similar with Amanda, it was difficult to see Stephen and Mike the same way after I saw them naked. They had no idea I had seen them without their clothes though. The bell rang and we went to where Stephen parked his bike before we split up for the day. 

"You guys hear about that idiot cheerleader that walked into the boy's restroom?" Mike asked. 

"Um, no, why don't you tell us," Stephen stuttered. Unconsciously, I eyed him up and down. I remembered his beautiful nudity perfectly, and he might as well not have been wearing clothes in front of me. 

"How did you not hear about that?" I asked him. Even I had heard about Nikki stumbling into the restroom. She even tried to deny that it happened. 

Mike laughed and explained the situation. "She even had on guy clothes from what I heard." 

Stephen just shrugged and avoided eye contact. "Sounds funny. Wish I had been there."

"Well, you going to the chess tournament?" asked Mike. 

Damn, I had forgotten about that. Guess I'll have to wait till afterwards to rub myself to what I saw today. 

Stephen shook his head. "I'm not feeling well today." 

What kind of cheap cop out was that?! "Don't be a vagina, Stephen!"

"I've really got to get home and lie down for a bit," he said. 

I shook my head at him. He looked fine to me, though he was strangely nervous when Mike told the cheerleader story. 
