 Many thx to all of you following this epic and a way to go to my editor.

*****

Pulled from the depths of sleep by the throbbing of orgasmic release, my eyes open to the splendor of Blank's bouncy titties, with her body covered in a sheen of perspiration while she cums on my twitching cock. A gentle moan escapes her lips as she continues rhythmically moving her hips over my morning wood.

"If I woke up to this every morning, I would die a happy man," I say reaching to caress her lovely breasts. 

"It was standing there so beautiful, I couldn't help getting on and getting it off," Blank, the scribe, says, leaning down and kissing me. "It felt so good, I came so much, I almost had to stop."

"Thanks for holding out til I had one, too," kissing her in return.

"Good morning, Master, we are expected at the morning meal," Nix, the nixie, says, coyly rubbing Blank's ass.

Blank's cunny squeezes around my member then squirts it out as she moans.

"That was so erotic to see," Clue, the halfling, says, leaning to where I can see her behind Blank.

A moan and grunt from Cross, the half demon, puts her in the onlookers as well. We dress and gather before heading down to the morning meal. As we descend the stairs, Vinissa's tones could be begging or complaining. Her father, Lord Helzury's laugh does nothing to solve this mystery. Her Ladyship, Pamilla, waves us to the main table with Pepper, her maid, sitting at her side. Looking around the room I don't see Lily, Vinissa's maid.

"Good morning, Master Nameless and harem. Is that appropriate to say?" Pamilla asks.

"We are not offended," Nix answers.

"The two of you look resplendent this morning, it was enjoyable for all it seems," I say taking a seat.

"Is that a polite way of saying fucked giddy?" Pepper asks.

"Thank you, Nameless, Lord Helzury will be with us shortly."

"So I hear," I reply. "This is for you and him as well. It should help in future suitor interviews," handing her the report Blank compiled. 

She picks it up and starts reading, "Oh my!" and "Really?" her voiced opinion of the report. She hands it to Pepper and smiles to us with a nod asking nothing. Pepper nods and raises an eyebrow a couple of times but remains silent.

"You will not force me into anything just because. It will be discussed by your mother and I. Perhaps you get an answer over dinner but only if you stop with this begging and act your age," Lord Helzury says to Vinissa as they approach the table. "Morning to all, Pamila, Pepper, Nameless and company."

"Nameless has given us this, dear," Pamilla says, handing him the report.

He reads it through quickly. "Well, um, you'll be heading out soon then, Nameless?"

"Yes, we have much to do and I would like to return to the bookstore tomorrow."

"You have other duties before that, Master," Nix reminds me.

"I have... right, thank you, Nix. We'll discuss that on the road."

"For someone who parades around naked, you seem to have a lot of secrets," Vinissa snidely comments.

"A lesson you should keep in mind regardless of how a person is dressed," I retort.

"All of you will have to come back for the midsummer festival," Pamilla says to change the tone of the conversation.

"Indeed you must. Say you will, Nameless, Jack and Jill will be here."

"I can't say that would interest me, but I do love a good festival. I will try. Blank, please make note of our invitation. Should we have the chance we will try to attend, even with the threat of Jack and Jill."

Lord Helzury laughs and we all settle in to eat. The wagon is brought around and we begin to load up. The lord shakes my hand and thanks me repeatedly for changing his life as well as saving it. Pamilla and Pepper offer hugs and Vinissa waves then dashes back inside.

"NAMELESS!!" Nix shouts.

"What is YYEEAAAHH!!" I scream looking down to see an arrow jutting from my thigh.

Cross is gone in a blur. I grab the wagon for support as Blank and Clue reach out to keep me upright. The stabbing pain eases allowing me to think. Its fury dulled, I check the direction from whence it came. A riderless horse is trying to regain its feet and Cross has the offender pinned to the wall in all her horn bared glory.

"Cross, I want him!" I call to her. "Alive!"

She turns, hurling the man towards me. He tumbles in the air before hitting the ground. She grabs him up, tossing him to the ground at my feet before he even comes to a stop. I pull the water spear and switch it to its trident form before staking the man's leg to the lawn with it.

"You think you are me? Your pathetic ravings in the market weren't enough? Or has your addled mind taken money to do me harm?" I ask, voice dripping with venom.

In this lanky bow wielder cries of pain he may not have heard me but I didn't care. Once the guards were close enough, I pulled the trident and staggered into Cross's arms. Lord Helzury barked orders to his men as my harem converged on me. The world spun in my vision and faded to black.

A hand at my cheek quivered as something cool and smooth rested on my lips. Mumbling and echoes washed all meaning from the sounds around me. The pain in my leg sharply snapped my eyes open.

"Nameless, we have to take the arrow out. We have a potion at the ready. Can you use it or should we call a surgon?" Nix asks ... I think.

"I can ... potion," I say through gritted teeth.

White hot pain tears at my leg again, quickly followed by the splash of liquid in my mouth, I swallow the bitter cherry chalky swill. The surge within me carries relief to the pain. The wound tingles almost to the point of tickling, then recedes leaving only a memory of the ache.

"How fare you, Nameless?" Lord Helzury asks, still clutching the bloody arrow.

"I am well, my Lord. I would thank you to burn that," I answer. "Quickly," looking over at Cross.

The lord, seeing my gaze, steps quickly to the mantle and throws the projectile into the flames.

"Nix, how is everyone else doing?"

"Stacy is catatonic, the rest of us are fine."

"Don't apologize, you gave as much warning as you could."

"You sure you're not empathic? You always know what to say."

"I know how those I care about would feel if I were in their place. Makes me a good lover."

"Yeah, he's good, get him to his feet, got to walk it off, Master," Clue adds.

"She isn't..." Lord Helzury starts to ask.

"Lake issue, Lord, drop it. You saw as I did. Make your men understand."

I meet the man's gaze as I see his understanding register. Stacy comes to in a storm of tears, holding on to me as she scolds me with insults and a demand of 'never do it again'! Snickers from Oasis and Blank make me realize they wanted to cuss me and say something like that as well.

It is well into afternoon before we set out. The trip is not long but feels like hours. After unpacking the wagon and settling the horses, we all sit down to an early evening meal. Nix reminds me of the days and I decide the ladies will head back to the Vale without me. They start to protest but it dies when Caldoria walks in to say hello to everyone.

I feel out of place at times with these women with their quick understanding and acceptance of my relationships with them and others outside of the harem. Cross is the only one sternly refusing to return without me. I pull her to the side and tell her I want her to guard the rest. Only after a promise of not returning her to Valkyrie for one full night after my return, she relents. 

I give kisses and gropes all around before following Caldoria down to the cove. We enter the water and swim to her private chamber out in the gorge. Many give greetings in passing, even a wink from a younger maid. We come up in her cavern and I am surprised that it is carpeted and out of the water.

She is quivering in need. The briefness of our first encounter, pleasurable as it was, only added to her yearnings. She is frantic getting my clothes off and eager at getting me deep inside of her. She lays me back climbing onto my cock to ride herself to orgasm repeatedly. She moans over and over trying desperately to feel that full body release that she felt before.

I roll her over, pounding her tight needy cunny into a squishy puddle of throbbing release. Her body shakes as she paws at my body before going limp in my arms. I hold her to me gently. Her eyes focus on my face and she smiles sweetly. 

"Would you do that again, like five or six more times before you go?"

"With a little rest, I can make it feel even better. Pillows would help. Care to try it up in my place when the others are gone?"

"It can feel better? Will I survive?" she asks playfully.

"I hope so, the clan would not let me live if I fucked you to death."

"Is that possible?" she asks in a less playful tone.

"Not with you and me," I say with a wink.

"Good, we'll go back to your temple and you can have me on your altar."

I smile, since it does look like a temple from this side. We swim back and wander up to the one bed still here. Tempis coos but leaves without talking. Once in the bed we are at it again. She is a limp rag of orgasm in half the time. I take some time to have a little food and a drink, before jumping on her and making her gush. I caress her thighs going in again but she holds me off.

I get her food and drink. She quivers just trying to sit up right. Before long she is asleep. Tempis bounces over with a silly smile still not saying any thing, just looking at my cock. I am not sure what this siren is thinking and have my worries. The sound of heavy boots walking down the stairs sends her scratching across the floor to her nest. I feel for how many times I have send missile memorized.

"So you would be Nameless?" an icy rasp of a voice asks.

"What's it matter to you?" I retort, trying to hold my bravado.

A heavy armored boot comes into view, followed by the slickest horn bearing demon I can truly say I have ever seen. She's fucking amazonian, back turned horns and tits the size of a man's head. She levels her gaze at me as she steps closer. Her eyes go wide in surprise at my nudity.

"Well, fuck me three times over," she spits, throwing her hands in the air.

"Was that a request, order, or statement?"

"It was, what? Look, you tamed a half demon outside her contract, you sex it with a member of mer-royalty, and carry the boon of a Goddess. Touching you would be a death sentence for me. No , I'd be lucky if I were allowed death for touching you."

"What have I done to bring one of your nature against me in the first place?" I ask.

"The Council called me forth. Word of you breathing has reached them. I am bound to end you, however the higher laws forbid me this at the same time," she drones harshly.

"I don't understand these higher laws you speak of. Can I offer you a drink?"

"You would give your blood to me?"

"Whoa, a drink. Here, wine." I say holding the last unopened bottle of white wine from the pantry.

She takes the offered bottle and cuts the top open with her thumb nail. Turning it up she gulps down better than half the bottle. She looks at it then back at me before tilting her head back and downing the rest of it.

"You are bound to this plane until you kill me?"

"Yes, end you," she says in a clearer sultry tone.

"There are ways to 'end me' that are not killing," I say reasonably.

"What do you mean? Ending you would need to be irrefutable."

"Did they demand proof?"

"They do not dare question me," she says proudly, "Their puny offerings for this task barely cover it as it stands."

"Then can I put forth an offer to you, as to how I will be ended?"

"DON'T! Just dive into the ocean where she can't chase you," Tempis hisses, a kitchen knife in each hand.

"You have no authority to threaten a member of Fhyian Court, demon," Caldoria says, my trident in hand.

"Both of you stop, Hellina is welcome here and offers no threat to me," I say looking at them both.

"You would name me?" the demoness asked tilting her head.

"I would not ask you for your true name without proper reason and tribute," I say stepping closer to Caldoria and relieving her of my trident. "And as a guest, calling you demon, is in bad taste or just plain rude."

"She is not to be trusted," Tempis squawks.

"I'm sure the humans that ended your sisters said those same words," I bark at Tempis.

"I ... but..." Tempis says dropping the knives to the floor.

"Tempis, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you that way," I say bowing my head.

"You were right though. I'm sorry," she says before scurrying away to hide in her nest.

"I see why they fear you," the demoness says.

"What is this council of which she speaks?"

"The Hermetic Council," I answer. "Will you allow me to call you Hellina while you are a guest on this island, Dark Huntress?"

"I will allow this. One such as you has impressed me. Far more then those that called upon me to end you. I will listen to your offer. Could I have more wine, honored host?" Hellina asks.

"I can get more, if you can wait for a short time." 

"I can wait. We can talk when you return," Hellina says.

"Caldoria, please await me in the bed chamber. Tempis, I will bring you something tasty to make up for my harsh words. Did you want anything in the way of spirits to go with it?"

"I will partake of some wine, thank you, Nameless." Tempis answers.

"Hellina, this is Queen Caldoria of the Mer-clan. Accord her proper courtesy as a guest in my home."

"I shall do so," Hellina says with a bow.

Dressing quickly, I gather some money and a means to carry things back with me. I nodded farewell to the ladies as I dove into the sea. I swam against the current south to Cholesta. I speed up and shoot out of the water to step lightly onto the end of an empty pier. From here the wine merchant's shop is visible. I quickly make my way to it. Stepping through the door the proprietor gives me a glance only to turn up his nose. 

"Good sir, might I acquire sweet red and white wine here? In magnum size bottles? I have coin and will not require it delivered, I will carry it off myself," I state my piece.

"You would have coin enough to shop here? You look it not and reek of the sea."

"Would three platinum coins cover five bottles and make up for the unpleasantness?"

"It would. May I see them?"

I hold out my hand with five of the coins in it.

"Yes, it does very much indeed make up for the unfortunate state I am forced to endure while we do business. Sweet red and white. In large bottles?" 

"Three red, two white. That would be much appreciated."

"Vintage?"

"A younger blend would be better, the priestesses would find older wine less tasteful."

"That does answer much, good sir."

Bottles are gathered, and coins change hand. Wand in hand, the bottles fit neatly in the messenger bag I brought with me. A nod and request of continued business are accorded me as I leave. Quickly I return to the pier and dive once more into the sea. Swimming with the current the cove rapidly comes into view. A number of mer-folk watching me tilt their heads questioningly at my presence.

Climbing from the cove, I make my way up to find the three of them sitting at the table naked. Hellina looks as if she has just come in out of the rain, her armor and weapons setting to the side of the stairs she came down. I set the bag down.

"It appears my worries of the three of you being alone together were far greater then the truth seems to warrant. Would you all care for red or white?"

"Like I had before, that was white, wasn't it?" Hellina asks, looking to Caldoria.

"It was white. Mixing wine, though, isn't harmful as it is with other alcohols," Caldoria answers.

"I would rather the red, please," Tempis says sweetly.

"I shall try it," Hellina says.

I pull the bottles and return them to their full size. Choosing a red, I chill it with a spell and pour glasses for all. Setting them on the table, Hellina and Caldoria follow my rear with their eyes like competing cat house girls. Tempis bounces and holds out her hands. 

"What else did you get me?"

I stop in my tracks. In my haste to get back with the wine, I neglected to get her something tasty to go with it. I look at her sadly. She smiles, putting her hands down. Caldoria giggles.

"They both agreed you would forget," Hellina says.

"I will make us something to eat," I say dashing back down to the cove. Calling out to the guard I ask them to bring me two 'for eating' tuna.

It only takes a few minutes for them to hand over the requested fish. I carry them back up and set myself to work. I skin and cut the fish laying it out over plates in a pleasing display. I take out the olive oil and herbs to blend up a dressing for the raw fish flesh. I set plates to the table with eyes even more intently following my every move. 

Tempis leans to lick the fish where as Caldoria dips her finger in the dressing before bringing it to her lips. Hellina looks at the plate in curious disbelief. In turn all try the filets of tuna and smile at the delightful taste of it. I pick up a flank and enjoy. 

"How is it I find this flesh delicious? I would never have eaten such a thing by choice. As this is your home and you partake of the same meat, I could hardly refrain."

"It is the flesh of a fish called tuna. I have had it prepared in this way in the orient. The flavor is hearty yet tame, and the herbs in the oil help with the sometimes gamy aftertaste."

"It goes well with the sweet in the red wine. It makes me feel sated with the promise of other salty treats," Caldoria says, wiggling like a horny school girl.

"This is very good, thank you. But you spoke of ending you without you dying. I am intrigued with what you have in mind."

"I am curious too," Tempis adds.

"Well, they want you to end me, so how did they word it exactly," I ask.

"You are to end the Mage Ryktis, he has used the name Nameless. See that he is ended at your hand."

"By that wording, you could jerk me off and fulfill the obligations of that agreement," I say. "As would feeding me a plate of food. You have brought me to an end by your own hand."

"Arch-demons should fear trying to make a deal with you. These examples hold the ring of completion to my contracted ear. And the thought of touching you that way is most alluring," she purrs.

"If you do, I want to catch the offering with my tongue. Wasting his essence needlessly would be unforgivable. It's sweeter then the wine," Tenpis coos.

"Then, Ryktis, prepare to be ended by my hand," Hellina says as she stands.

"Be not too hasty, Hellina, his other skills are worth sampling before jumping to the end. Are you in such a rush to return to the plains of hell? The tuna and wine are but a taste of the numerous wonders my Consort could introduce you to. Your company is welcome, so take your time," Caldoria suggests.

"Would that I could, Queen Caldoria, but a fulfillment of my contract has been voiced. The longer I spend here, the more likely they will scry to see my progress. If I complete it before the day's end, they have nothing to look for through me," Hellina says. "I would give you my true name if you asked it of me, Nameless. Never have I been in the company of one such as you. I would like to return."

"I would be honored to know your true name and will hold it secret for all of my days," I say.

She steps around the table and wraps her hand around my shaft. Looking in my eyes she strokes slowly up and down. Leaning in she purrs 'Vis Eckta Melflaxis' which translates to divider of the symbol of man, or Dick Splitter, with that mix of fear in knowing her name as she purrs and tugs at my manhood. She sees in my eyes I know what her name means and she sniffs at me licking her lips with a forked tongue.

"You are truly unique, Master Nameless. I end you now by my own hand," she purrs.
