 CHAPTER 2 

TRAINING AND PREPARATIONS FOR A DANGEROUS MISSION

She awoke to varying degrees. She was overly warm and in unfamiliar bedding material. Ioana blinked to bring the world into focus to find she was wrapped in a cocoon of blankets on a couch somewhere. Ioana wrestled against her own weight to unpin herself.

"Morning sunshine." Kyle stept into view as she got an arm free and sat up. The arm with her watch was still under blankets. "You look a lot better now. Want some coffee?" He asked. She nodded. "Max is going to talk to you before you leave. But that's all he'll do. The decision is ultimately yours, and while this case is important to us we're not in the habit of murdering elderly aunts or scaring the life out of innocent managers to get what we want. No matter how the TV portrays us." He quirked a grin revealing that gorgeous dimple again.

"I know-now." She admitted, relieved now that she had shared his mind, now that she knew his intentions and concerns. And how desperate they were for help. The NSA had been trying to disband a dark international ring of human sexual slavery within the black market, and gotten nowhere. They've lost both leads and agents, and found hope within the elegant Russian immigrant with unusual, unnatural gifts. Gifts she had lived her life in fear to use.

"When your ready there's a shower through that door, with no cameras or listening devices, and Sarah was kind enough to lend a change of clothes. She's a little shorter so I hope what she picked fits." He handed her a mug then moved to leave.

"Kyle?" She asked sipping slowly. He paused, watching her tongue flick out over her lips. "Do you think I can do this?"

"Yes. I do."

"I'm not so sure."

"You have an easy confidence when you work that comes from inner strength, and whether you believe me or not it doesn't matter. You're stronger than you know. And I think you should have more faith in yourself. You have more reasons to be confident than just at work." He smiled casually, carrying his muscular frame with an inner confidence she could only envy. He knew who he was, what he was capable of, and was comfortable within his own skin. She wasn't.

"And more reasons to worry." She fluffed her hair, grimacing at the dirty texture.

"I'd like to think humanity has come a long way from its barbaric human experimentation. But at least your safe with us."

-

"Feeling better Ioana?" Max asked.

"A bit." She said, walking out of the office with the mug in hand to take a seat on the long table with lots of plans and information spread out across it. Kyle was right, Sarah's clothes didn't quite fit well. She had rolled the jeans up to capri length as they were too short for full length pants. They were a little too snug about her waist, but naturally her hips would be wider than the petite agents. The shirt fit pretty well, as t-shirts generally fit everyone, draping casually over her curves. She had washed out her clothes as best as possible, then wrung them out and hung them to dry for when she would leave. Her hair was still damp so she had tied it into a bun, but a few wet wisps had fallen down so she tucked those behind her ears. She had no idea how cute a picture she made, still moving with that inherent artful grace despite wearing hand-me-down attire.

Once everyone had arrive Max introduced the other agents, and explained most of what she had already learned from merging with Kyle and sharing his mind. She didn't interrupt. Max reiterated how difficult it had been to infiltrate the organization and how they had already lost a few agents who had simply disappeared. The organization had been taking a variety of Americans with little familial ties as well as some more elite of it's citizens and a lot of immigrants who weren't as familiar with how to help themselves in America. Especially Russians. Another reason she would fit in so well, as long as she brushed up on her Russian.

In terms of her safety as long as she was conscious she could not be bound against her will, since she could simply merge with the material, using its characteristics against itself and break the bond. They would also teach her how to handle the mental challenges of going undercover as well as how to fight so that she could defend herself without giving away her abilities until she had to. They had to investigate their Manhattan lead further, searching for an entrance into the organization, looking for a method of operation, something they could exploit as an entry point. Max went over all the complexities of the case in detail before he turned to her.

"Any questions?"

"How did you find out about me?" She asked without hesitation.

"I could tell ya, but then I'd have to kill ya." He teased. She merely frowned.

"How many others know?"

"Currently me, the director, a handful of high clearance personnel, and the team in front of you has a vague idea that you have abilities, but not in detail." He stated. "Excluding the team, maybe ten people tops."

"If I help you with this, prior to any agreement I want to meet with each one of those people and have them sign non-disclosure waivers as to my abilities, as well as a release form from any further non-willful involvement."

"Getting a hold of some of them-" Max started. The Big Brother brush off. She wasn't having any of it.

"For you it's a clearance matter. Some head big wigs. For me, this is my life. I've lived in fear of being taken advantage of for my abilities, shunned by society, misused by those in power. I understand the mission clearly and am willing to help but only if I'm given the freedom from my fears for the rest of my life. No one else is to know, and no one is to approach me with another mission again. Ever. If they aren't willing to meet me in person and sign, than they never should have told you about me to begin with. I'm sure they'll have me sign similar non-disclosure forms. Fair's fair."

"I'll see what I can do."

"And my non-disclosure is contingent upon meeting each one of those individuals and their non-disclosure. If they keep my secret I will forever keep all of yours. Breech of contract on their side will immediately nullify any contract on my part."

"I'll have it written up that way. We'll protect your interests." Max agreed. "Any questions about the mission?"

"You don't have one planned out yet."

"We're working on that. Once we have more details we'll sit down again and go through each bit step by step."

"So until then, I don't have any questions you can answer."

"You're willing to help?"

"For my freedom as well as all those other women, and only as long as I get my stipulations first, yes."

"Then we'll begin your training tomorrow morning. You'll be given some space to live here and you'll stay here until the assignments over. You can go pick up some stuff tonight. Agreed?"

"Agreed."

"And I'm assuming you wont sign a non-disclosure form about what you've just learned before you head out that door."

"Nope. Not until I get mine, but my lips are sealed. I'll make excuses as I need to. If I could have a ride home?"

"Kyle." Max nodded towards him. "He'll be your shadow until this is over." Ioana nodded. 

-

"So this is where you live?" Kyle asked as he pulled up to a large brownstone. She handed him the keys as she unfolded herself from the front seat and directed him to the loft apartment. It was quite spacious by New York's standards but that's because it was barely livable when she had bought it, and spent years renovating it.

"I've made it home." He noted the tone in her voice as she said it. It was quite comfortable, reflecting a lady with contemporary tastes mixed with a lot of eclectic variety. Overall it had a homey charm as each piece had been carefully selected according to her tastes and personality, bringing out different sides of the leggy blonde. She pulled out a duffel bag from the closet and loaded in sneakers, jeans, various t-shirts, a couple of sweaters, and a jacket.

Most of her clothing was for business, professional attire which wouldn't be appropriate for the mission. She grabbed assorted bathroom accessories then watered the plants. She grabbed her cell phone charger, routed her house calls to her cell, then called the landlord to tell him she was going on an extended vacation and to hold her mail until she contacted him again.

"That's it?"

"That's all I'll need isn't it? I'll call Miquel on the ride back."

"Is your boss really like the rumors say?"

"If you don't work for him or gain his respect yes. Otherwise he's completely professional."

"And you?"

"If he really was like the rumors say, do you think I would work for him?"

"If the money's right people will put up with anything."

"I didn't say people. I said me."

"No I don't. I don't think you would put up with much that doesn't suit you." He said. She didn't know quite how to take that comment so she simply picked up her phone as she tossed her bag into the backseat.

-

"What's so funny?" She asked.

"I'm sorry. Nothing." But he was still grinning ear to ear.

"Nothing is funny?" She frowned at him but continued the exercise. He failed again to 

control his laughter. So she stopped, dropping the boxing gloves to her waist in an exasperated pose. She looked adorable. "Explain." She demanded.

"You swing like a girl." He chuckled.

"And how does a girl swing?" She raised an eyebrow.

"With grace as opposed to power."

"If you'll excuse me I'm not rippling muscle like you." She blew hair out of her face and move forward to continue to punch at his mitted hands again, frowning as she regarded his handsome face, the pale green eyes, the dark spiked hair, the charming smile. The smile she didn't appreciate at the moment.

"Thank you, but that's not quite what I meant. Every movement you make you make with unconscious grace. I didn't think it could translate to fighting, but apparently it does."

"Are you trying to tick me off?'

"Maybe."

"Looks like someone else broke your nose a long time ago, by chance a woman too?" She asked sweetly.

He grunted, turning serious once more. "No, an old friend. I used to roughhouse as a kid too much."

"I can imagine."

"After this we're moving to weights, get some muscle in those arms."

"Sure why not." She said nonchalantly, continuing to focus on the punches.

Little by little she got stronger and faster over the course of the next few days. She was relentless, never complaining, stopping periodically for some water, then continuing in whatever exercise they planned. She was particularly good at martial arts as she easily mastered the flexibility and dexterity so key to martial arts training. More than once Kyle accused her of merging with her hair elastic. But as she didn't tire out quickly he knew that wasn't true as her gifts drained her. Sometimes she would get lazier, but he would tease her until she got angrier and picked up the pace.

In between fighting they gave her regular boot camp classes, teaching her to be mentally prepared for what rigors might be in store during the mission, and how to handle them with a clear head. Slowly she got more comfortable with the situation and herself. She had a mission and she could not fail, no matter what the personal cost. Hundreds if not thousands of lives were at stake. Her determination grew, she could do this.

-

"Well?" She asked, repeating the punching exercise, this time advancing on him.

"Well what?"

"How's a gal hit now?"

"Pretty damn hard. How's it feel to be such a good student?"

"Pretty damn good." She said cheekily. But he had seen her confidence grow as well as her energy levels and her skill. He had taken more than pride in her growth, but carefully schooled his emotions from her as well as the rest of the team. For her survival he couldn't afford to lose his objectivity.

"Do you need to train your abilities, or do they simply come to you?" He had questioned her abilities and she had responded but never shown him.

"I just think about it and I can do it."

"How did you get your abilities?"

"I was born with them. My father was a botanical research scientist. In a freak radiation accident he mutated, impregnating my mom with mutated sperm. Both of them died but as a result I have an unusual ability to merge with my surroundings at will. Anything will do, from stone and wood and air to people. I can take on the characteristics of that item and it won't harm me. It only takes a half second to merge and while you can still barely make out my outline, I'm nearly invisible. All I have to do is touch it."

"How do you know what you can do?"

"I feel it subconsciously. I know what I'm touching automatically, what it's made of, it's properties, and I can just kind of become it or a part of it, suck it into me, or me into it depending on size, or use it against itself. We kind of merge."

"So for example your watch right now could be-"

"Leather, plastic, glue, metal, glass."

"You can merge into cows leather?"

"Why not if I could merge into you?"

"Good point. Frankly I find it amazing you were born with such a gift and haven't taken advantage of it."

"Every time I use my gift I'm taking a chance on being discovered for it. That's how Miquel found out. I used the glue off my purse to heal a nasty cut and didn't notice him watching. He nearly swallowed his own tongue. I kind of had to explain that one."

"Which is why you still don't use it now with us, even though you've gotten your forms and met your big shots, and briefed the team." 

"Me stating I can merge with living and non-living objects counts as me briefing the team?"

"They're kind of puzzled about the details but yeah." He grunted when she swung particularly hard, her breasts swaying in the loose shirt as she countered for another hit. She didn't notice as she was focused on the exercise.

"I've never been in the habit of using my gift unless I needed to. It's not easily passable. And I get so tired."

"Maybe with training you could better control how much energy you use."

"I doubt it."

"Why?"

"Because nothing seems to lesson the pain, nothing seems to minimize how draining it is. I don't see how training it would help." She met his eyes then, noting his eyes were a deeper shade of green. But nothing in his actions or words indicated what was making him emotional.

"Does it hurt every time you merge?"

"It's like a dull pain, the shock right after you get hit real hard. Then everything else is varying sizes of needles or nails."

"When you were within me I felt that you had pain, but personally I felt none." He stated. She just shrugged. "Can you really get out of any bond or lock?"

"If I want to I can merge with fire. What really do you think could stop me?"

"I'm not quite getting it. If you're wearing metal handcuffs, how can merging with metal allow you to break them?"

"Watch." She held out her gloved hands. He ran over to his pack and pulled out a pair of handcuffs then returned and removed her gloves to place them on her wrists.

She twisted them in front of his face so he could see her skin right under the handcuffs. Her skin turned into metal just under the handcuffs. Then she just pulled her wrists apart and the handcuffs shattered.

"But if you're made of the same material you're using how can you be stronger?" He asked, fascinated as he gently rubbed circles on her wrists, noting the change from warm skin to cool metal.

"I don't use the imperfections in the metal itself. If it's pretty refined my wrists are just thicker, therefore stronger. Or I could transform the handcuffs into more of one of its more brittle elements in the compound, weakening it and my wrists into a stronger version. Or I can simply merge with air and slip out like a ghostly breeze. I have options."

"So you could technically turn into any food your eating."

"Well. Yeah. But why the hell would I?" She picked her boxing gloves out of his hands while he tried to piece together an understanding.

"So if you were eating a snickers bar, and were still hungry, you could turn yourself into a chocolate bar and eat yourself, then since chocolate is melty mushy, re-distribute the chocolate to make up for whatever organ you ate and end up normal in the end?"

"Well no."

"Why not?"

"Because if I did something like that I wouldn't be normal to begin with." She said, quirking a smile. He grinned. For the rest of that week she got used to using her gift more and more in tune with her fighting and other actions, adjusting for the weakness and pain, getting used to the other agents reactions in seeing her, or not seeing her. Realizing how adept she was at hiding herself, but that she wasn't completely invisible Kyle also taught her stealth techniques that would be less tiresome than maneuvering across the ceiling. He didn't find it particularly funny when she suggested a game of hide and seek.

Over the week as she grew stronger physically she also grew emotionally. He watched her bloom as she should have long ago, from the inside out instead of as an actress slash manager and only skin deep. He felt proud of her when she was able to fight off other agents without using her powers, and chat with them about her abilities, even if she still somehow fought with a lady-like grace. He found himself getting attached despite his mind telling him not to, so he hid it and didn't tell her anything . He was just glad the lily that wore stilettos running down stairs would not so easily fade away again, he was sure what she was learning she would continue to use for her lifetime, even if it was without him around to see it. Or so he kept telling himself.

-

She was the last to join the table, having just finished a sparring match against another agent named Peter, while Kyle had a meeting with Max. She sat down as Max began.

"They've been a few kidnapping complaints brought in from the lower Manhattan area last night so it's just beginning. We have to act quickly before tonight, when they flood in."

"Flood in?" Ioana interrupted.

"The big strike. They've testing the waters yesterday. Once they've gotten a taste for what police response is, they flood the city the next night with agents looking for potential victims, picking their marks, and kidnap almost a hundred at once from a really wide area. By the time the police are getting the first calls, they've disappeared." Kyle explained. Ioana's jaw dropped.

"We haven't advertised any of the kidnapping to the public yet. According to the street there's one guy and two girls missing. The guy's a bartender at a dive and the girls are hookers. This was in one night off one block. We're going to focus on this alley here as it has the least visibility from the street and is behind both that bar and the Endicott Restaurant. Now the Endicott's a pretty fancy joint, but there's no security in the back, it's cramped and dark with a lot of good hiding places while still being easily accessible to the street. Since you're not much of an actress we're going for more of an escort, or a courtesan. I think you can pull that off more easily than street hooker." Max stated. Ioana blushed.

"Kyle will take you wherever you need to go to get appropriate attire for the part and he will be with you at point of entry as your date. He'll lead you to the back alleyway. You need to attract enough attention within the restaurant so that people notice you through dinner and especially when you guys head out for 'dessert'. We have the best chance of them striking there again tonight. These are the layouts for the restaurant. Getting through the side door to the alleyway is fairly easy. Here's where we think they'll take you for preliminary screening with any other kidnappees."

"Preliminary screening?"
