 "Where is she?" Kyle asked quietly into his mouthpiece.

"Flirting with the Host." Ioana stated. She was as nervous as she had been on her first date. Of course it was her first mission. The dress was too thin for a brooch, so her mic was hidden in a garnet pendant necklace just above the draping sweetheart cowled neckline. She had handed the coat off to the attendant, receiving a bit of attention before she took off the coat, and quite a bit more after. The host nearly tripped as he left his stand to open the secondary glass doors for her.

"Good evening Miss. How may I be of service to you this evening?" His gaze devoured her curves.

"I'm looking for my date." Ioana emphasized her Russian accent. "He's tall, dark, and handsome."

"I'm afraid I'll need a little more information before I can ascertain specifically which man has the pleasure of your company this evening." The tall stocky man shifted, emphasizing his broad shoulders, trying to suck in his gut as he captured her attention.

"His names Kyle, and he's probably ticked that I took so long to get ready." She tapped her fingernails against her hip. His smile grew.

"Ah my dear, I'm sure he will forgive you in light of the efforts you have put forth on his behalf, and let me be the first to say you look absolutely stunning. Follow me please." She did, sauntering past each table with a slightly exaggerated sway to her hips in long strides. The silk molded to her curves as she walked, thin as a breath, teasing with the shape but not the view-well not enough of the view.

Kyle looked up, seeing the broad-shouldered host meander through the tables. And as the host progressed each table behind him turned to watch the slip of a girl following him. Woman grew jealous as their dates followed her progression with outright lust in their eyes. Kyle stood up in wait. He was curious as all he could see were brief glimpses of black silk periodically behind the host. The host finally turned to the side and she stept around him. Kyle's jaw dropped right before she stept into his arms, kissing him hello, her arms steeling around his neck as his wrapped around her back. After a startled moment from the patrons, conversations continued again. She broke the kiss, but stood in the circle of his arms, her body tight against his. The host walked back to his stand, fanning himself with the menu he had forgotten to give to her.

"Wow." Was all Kyle could get out.

"Be forewarned if you're going to talk to my chest during dinner I will hit you." She teased softly, her eyes sparkling and her lips grinning in a delicate smile that hinted at secrets.

"If you didn't want me looking you shouldn't have picked out that dress."

"You said something that would catch their attention." She said innocently, the curve of her lips hinting at mischief.

"That's more negligee than a dress even if its long and opaque, it's damn hot."

"Thank you, and it is."

"Is what?"

"Negligee." She admitted. He froze for a second and stept back so he could look her up and down once more. He raised her hand, spinning her in a circle for him, which she did gracefully. The dress was two long black silk panels, pooling low over her breasts then cascading smoothly down her body, held together with silk strings on the sides tying the two panels together. But not tightly enough so that four inches of bare skin showed clearly through the ties on both sides of her body. The entire length of both sides of her body. She was wearing strappy stilettos to make her legs seem even longer than the bare skin did. He pulled her back against him for one more quick but hard kiss.

"Honey if I had shades on, you'd have fogged them up." He sat her down before taking his seat.

"Not a bad start to dinner then after all." She raised an eyebrow in suggestion. He gulped, feeling out of his league as he wondered about her playful mood. He hadn't thought she could act. She was acting-wasn't she?

All through dinner they made conversation, teasing each other. Males would hazard their date's wrath to peek at her, watch the light play across her shoulders, down the bare skin of her sides, her hips, and the long legs emphasized by the high slits as she crossed her legs. She had scooted her chair closer to his so they sat more side by side than across from each other. The entire meal seemed like foreplay, and he had to keep reminding himself they were on a mission. He couldn't take her back to his place and ravish her as he pleased. But the alleyway would do. They didn't make it to dessert.

He pointed to her lip as if she had food on it. Her tongue slid slowly across the top of her lip before retreating back inside. He shook his head, cupping her cheek and bringing her face to his he kissed her thoroughly, bordering crass. He called for the check, paid and escorted her to the front. He helped her into her coat and gently led her outside. She waved for a cab but he pulled her back against him. The cabbie honked that he was ready but Kyle waved him away as then returned his hand to her hair as he tilted her back, opening her for him.

"Did I mention how sexy you look?"

"Mmm-hmm." She confirmed against his lips. The doorman coughed. Ioana laughed but didn't look over and didn't blush. Kyle grinned and pulled her giggling into the alleyway. For a few minutes he forgot about the Russian males in the restaurant, how keen their interest had been in her, as well as a few other girls in the restaurant, but their eyes always trailed back to her. So had everyone else's.

Kyle pushed her against the brick wall of the bar next door and opened her coat before using the two ends to pull her against himself, pinning her to the wall with his body. She raised a leg against the wall, her foot flat against it, giving him access to stroke the bare skin that had been tormenting him all evening. He was kissing her like he was a starving man and she was his first meal and she was loving every minute of it. One hand reached up to gently knead her breast through the thin fabric. She murmured approval and rewarded him by rubbing herself against him, her nipples pearling beneath his hands.

Despite the weather being slightly cool the coat was more for a surprise effect than warmth, and she radiated warmth. He ran his fingers across her thigh, up towards her belly, her kisses becoming more consuming as his fingers teased her, going lower. He had known she wasn't wearing underclothes, every man in the restaurant had known, but it gave him great satisfaction to feel for himself.

"Oh." She groaned when he cupped her nether curls, just holding her as if she belonged to him, then started to tease her gently with his fingers. She moved to nibble down his neck, softly at first, then licked up to his ear and began to gently suck on his lobe. He moaned against her shoulder, holding himself up with one arm against the wall, the other arm holding her leg up against his waist. He ground his lower body against hers through the thin skirt and his pants. She melted, holding onto him. It took him a moment to realize they were no longer alone in the alley. He pretended not to have noticed, kissing her again and under the guise of running his fingers through her hair he pulled out her pins, letting the curls fall loose then he popped out her earpiece. She didn't even notice she was so focused on the feelings he was creating.

"What have we here?" A guy said menacingly. Ioana froze against Kyle, blinking a few times to regain her perspective. Kyle looked up, still holding her but not moving.

"The girl's taken, so if you don't mind-" Kyle said pointedly.

"Oh we do." Another said as they circled the couple. Ioana gave a small cry. This is what they had been waiting for, but now that it was here she was a little scared. Kyle squeezed her hand in comfort, but it made her all the more afraid. The men pulled out guns and trained them on the two of them. "Face the wall with your hands up." Ioana did so slowly. Kyle paused a long moment before doing the same.

"Check them." Ioana didn't know Kyle had already crushed and tossed both his and her earpiece, so all that remained were the two mics; her necklace and his tie clip. And her internal tracking monitor. Ioana knew she had to be careful not to use her unusual gifts just yet so that she could be captured, so that she could complete the mission. Once she was inside, she could use them to defend herself as she chose to.

One of the henchmen came up and picking on Kyle first, started to check them for weapons. Ioana felt the butt of a gun press against her back while she watched Kyle. When the guy went to tie his wrists up Kyle pushed off the wall, trying to knock the guy off balance. The guy moved, expecting it and spun Kyle to the ground. Kyle jumped up to hit the guy, and the guy ducked, slamming the butt of his gun down across Kyle's temple knocking him out cold. Ioana had cried out but the henchman holding the gun to her back had pulled her off the wall and into his arms, one hand blocking her mouth. She writhed, trying to twist away, crying as Kyle lay so still.

"Take them both." One of the guys said.

"You sure?"

"He's a prime specimen, and her-she's the catch of the day. Hurry up we have a lot more packages to pick up" Ioana struggled more, he wasn't supposed to be captured, only she was. But the hand closed over her nose too, and pushed her against the wall, pinning her arms and legs between the wall and himself. She twisted trying to breathe, struggling until she finally passed out too.

-

Ioana felt pain first, a soreness from being in a cramped position too long. But she had been resting in blackness and felt no desire for light. The numbing tingle persisted and she opened her eyes, blinking as all she saw was concrete. She was hauled to her feet and slapped across the cheek, waking her up fully. Her arms ached from being pinned under her, and her legs stung but she stood up. Her coat was missing as well as her necklace. She looked around, apparently they had collected jewelry and watches off everyone else too because she was sure in this group of women she couldn't have been the only one wearing jewelry.

"Welcome to the party, little one." A heavy set man said in a cold thick Russian accent before turning to the rest of the group. Ioana looked around. She was in a long line of women on one side of the room and across from her was another line. Kyle was by the far end of the line across from her. His jacket and tie had been removed, his shirt ripped open halfway down his chest. She caught his gaze for a moment before looking away, not wanting to draw attention to him. The man turned to his line as he spoke.

"You are now property. You will speak only when allowed, eat when told, sleep when told, and sleep with who you are told. You have no rights. You're nothing more than a slave, failing that a carcass. We are going to sort you, decide your worth, and your future. Many of you will be shipped out to wherever we dictate. Wherever you go the rules are the same. The only difference is the customer paying. If you plan on having a future you will submit without hesitation. None of you are to move until you are told. None of you are to respond unless you are asked a question."

As he spoke more henchmen filed into the room, some with guns, most with big bags. As they laid them out on the tables Ioana noticed lots of vials of narcotics. She wasn't sure what they were for, but it couldn't have been good. There were various needles, some gags, tons of rags, some unusual measuring equipment, a bag full of zip ties, some black markers and some other contraptions.

There were guards with large guns standing in various places on the floor. The warehouse size room had no windows, and a few doors. The tables were in between the two lines. Ioana noticed Kyle was the only male in this group. The male bartender that had been kidnapped the previous night must have already been shipped out. The extra henchmen that had come in moved in groups, and began to assess their prizes. They moved to the first girl in line, closest to Kyle and cut her shirt open.

"Nice rack, great legs, no butt." The first man said. "How many men have you slept with?"

"F-Four." She stuttered as two henchmen felt her up.

"How many dicks have you sucked?"

"Same." She gasped when one shoved his fingers under her skirt and presumably into her. She cried out 'No' and got slapped hard enough to knock her down. They dragged her up again and continued.

"Do not speak unless you are spoken to, slave." The man growled. She was shaking, blood trickled from a cut on her lip. Kyle looked angry.

"How many times up the ass?"

"Once."

"How many girls have you had?"

"None." She answered, tears leaving trails down her cheeks as one breast popped out of her bra due to the rough grabbing and pinching she received.

"She's a little loose, but has a good grip." The man between her legs said, pulling back his fingers.

"Send her to Chicago." The first man said, writing something on her wrist with marker before turning her to other henchmen. She was yanked almost off her feet and spun around to one of the doors behind her. She struggled to stand up and they used plastic zip ties to bind her wrists behind her before shoving her through the door, closing it again.

They used the various measuring tools on some of the women, depending on what questions were asked, measuring their depth or width internally. Questions were asked as to whether they had anal or oral sex. Two claimed to be virgins, their hymens tested, and sent into the last door. Most were partially stripped and all were roughly handled. Those that broke down in hysterical tears were drugged before being shoved off. Then he got to Kyle whose hands were already bound behind him.

The guy landed a sucker punch right in Kyle's stomach and he doubled over. Then the man grabbed Kyle's hair and pulled back roughly. Kyle cried out for a moment then clamped the cry down, gritting his teeth and glaring. The Russian laughed cruelly.

"Cage him. He stays here for now for further review. Don't worry, we'll get you some company soon enough." The Russian moved on as Kyle was yanked out of the room, through the open doorway the henchman had originally come in. When they got to Ioana the guy went to rip the front of her dress but she pushed him back, speaking in her exaggerated Russian accent.

"I slave for no man, let alone a dog like you." She said full of disgust as she looked him up and down.

"You bitch! You will learn to heel and love it." He moved to slap her and she ducked easily.

"I'll heel when I'm dead and not a moment sooner."

"So be it." A man spoke up who had been sitting on a table with a gun in hand, watching the proceedings without interjecting, but his air showed that here-he was in charge. He raised his gun and shot her, the silencer making a strange sound in the room. The girls gasped and a few ducked but most froze. Ioana fell back a few paces, looking down at the hole in her dress. It wasn't meant to be a fatal wound unless it went untreated. But little did they know what she was capable of. She covertly sucked the bullet, liquefying it and her body around it, spread the liquid around until she healed herself, then moved the bullet to her mouth.

She chewed thoughtfully, then spat the bullet out at his feet. "I will be no man's toy, especially as I see no real men before me." She looked directly at the man who shot her. "And you'll have to aim much better than that to stop me." She challenged. He smiled, but didn't shoot again. He hopped off the table.

"Everybody down on the floor!" He ordered, his voice booming off the cinderblock walls. The remaining women scrambled down, but they watched as Ioana stayed standing. She actually stept forward towards him. "Your name?" He asked calmly.

"Ioana Musca. Yours?"

"Gregory Voscherro. You don't believe I will kill you?" He asked calmly, stepping right up to her, tracing her neckline with the cold tip of the silencer barrel.

"I would rather die quick than suffer for you."

"There are those that find pleasure in being a slave."

"There are some who may be desperate enough, yes."

"You do not think I could pleasure you?" He asked. "How many men have you had?"

"Not many." She admitted. "Only those that I choose."

"You will find every act of defiance brings a consequence, some worse than others, and sometimes pain can turn into pleasure." He stept back a bit, his gaze traveling down her length as if she was wearing nothing at all, "And your body was made for pleasure." He turned to his men. "I like her spirit. I'll break her myself. Hold her for me." He sat back down on the table to watch his men handle her. She put her fists up, taking a defensive stance as they circled her, some having knives, some just their fists, and one had a short whip.

"I'll never give up!" She warned as they moved to attack. She fluidly dodged their attacks, twisting and twirling in flexible grace and incredible speed. But she wasn't quite quick enough and there were too many. A few slashes appeared in her dress, revealing even more skin and a few thin bloody lines. Her eyes darkened and she stared at Gregory angrily before they charged her again.

She dove headfirst into the man ahead of her, ducking below his fist, and knocking him backwards onto the floor. She landed on his stomach and broke his nose before trying to get up. He spun around grabbing her across the waist and held tight while the others grabbed her limbs. She cried out, screaming threats until a hand closed over her mouth only to be replaced with a balled rag they stuffed into her mouth and tied around her head muffling all sounds from her. A zip tie was used to bind her wrists behind her back, thrusting her breasts forward and she was hauled up in front of Gregory for his inspection.

"Continue with the others." He said to his men, not taking his eyes off her. Two men held her in place against the table, their legs blocking hers, holding them apart and behind theirs so she couldn't kick out at Greg. "Let's see just how many men you've had, shall we?" He stuck a tool to measure width up under her dress, just inside her puss entrance. "Relax or this will hurt." She glared at him and after a moment did so he could get a reading. "Now tighten-as hard as you can. She did, imagining she could rip him off with her inner muscles if he was inside her.

"Very tight, and very strong. Quite an unusual prize indeed." He felt her breasts through her thin dress, despite her attempt to use her body weight to buck him off, which only bounced her breasts in his face. He chuckled pulling her hair back he kissed her on top of the gag as he pinched a nipple-hard. She cried out into the gag and he grinned. "She'll do nicely. A bonus to the man who caught her." He ripped off the gag as she glared at him.

He ran his hands up her thighs, testing the resilience of her flesh, watching the disgust run across her face, but she said nothing. The other girls were standing again and the guards continued. There were too many people for her to use her gifts to escape. But she could try and weaken his mind enough to gain entrance. It was tricky to force someone's subconscious to submit so that she could probe his mind without his notice while keeping her thoughts protected. It wasn't something she had tried before, but she was sure she would break into him one way or the other. She had too, too many lives depended on it.

She stood there, trembling as he had bunched part of her dress out of the way, revealing her nether curls to the two hungry guards that held her tightly between them. Since he had claimed her as his, he allowed her to keep the dress on so that only he would know the full fruits of her body.

He leaned forward, capturing her mouth beneath his. Startled out of her concentration she jerked but his hands kept her from turning to the side as his lips caught hers trembling beneath them. His manner gentled, she was a rare prize, he could take his time training her to please him. First he would win her with pleasure, until she craved more, begged for it, then he would make her work for it, pleasing him as he had pleased her.
