 Chapter Eleven

"Now what?" Clue asks looking up at me. "It's raining and all I want is a good fuck."

"Tsk tsk, It's your first time and you have waited so long, I want it to be special." I say.

"Your tall, hung, and magic. How is this not already special?"

"You'll see. Come on." I say flipping my cloak up and dashing into the rain.

She follows her bare feet squishing though the puddles behind me. Once to the other side of the street we head down the block. Twice I grab her up to cross muddy alleyways. We get to the dress shop and I open the door for her. She gives me a sideways glance before giggling and stepping inside.

The seamstress is amazed we would brave weather like this to see her. I point out a lovely gown and tell the seamstress I want it to fit Clue. They both look at me with raised eyebrows cause it's a corset style strapless style. I take it off the hanger and show the seamstress how to pull the lining and restring the cords so it can be sized smaller. I look at Clue telling her she won't have to wear anything under it. The seamstress lets it go unnoticed.

I step to the door and tell them I will be back in twenty minutes leaving money on the counter. I pull the door and step back out. I pull the cloak and search up the dagger shop as quick as I can. It isn't where it used to be so running through the rain I go. Finding it the shop keep calls me a fool. I just agree and ask for a set of silk strap dagger sheaths and a set of sexy red pummeled stillette styled daggers. He asks a couple of normal shoptalk questions. I just say their a gift to a girl.

Those tucked away I skip over to the jewelery place. I trade an uncut ruby for a ruby teardrop necklace and matching earrings with a box of course. He makes some comment about being worth what I'm shelling out. I just nod and step out. I make one last stop at the armorer and grab the set of black braided cord gauntlets and leggings. The guy shakes his head wonder who's kid I'm dressing for spook's night.

I gather myself and wade trough the sheets of rain back to the dress shop. Opening the door the seamstress gets all flustered that Clue is standing there in only her panties. Clue tells her to calm it down I've seen her naked and I am really nice on the eyes when I'm naked. The seamstress looks me over before turning beet red. 

"It's true she thinks I'm yummy." I say setting things still wrapped on a side table.

"Yeah this better be worth it." Clue says.

"Oh you are so going to remember this day and whats later for a long time." 

"You make it sound like I wouldn't otherwise. I know that isn't possible for you."

"Here put this on." I say as I toss a black cord guarder belt at her.

"Ain't no way I'm wearing stockings" Clue protests.

"Put it on or I'll go home with out you."

"Gee your dick is showing and not the one I want to see." she says as she fumbles with the belt.

"Shall I help?"

"You doing all this. Why not just dress me yourself."

"I will, thank you. Arms up." Smacking her tushie.

I adjust the belt and hold it around her waist. I gage the straps and adjust them. Setting it aside I let the seamstress fit the dress to her. I point out a couple of other alterations that will have to be made. The seamstress giving me a awed look, like I am a closet garment god or something.

I put the belt on her after the dress comes back off. Clue fidgets and gives me that I just want to fuck look for the hundredth time. I Fish the leggings out and put then on her. She stops being so impish. Making putting the gauntlets easier. I take the jewelery box out and put the teardrop necklace on her. The wet spot forming between her legs darkening her panties visibly.

I tilt her head to one side and put one earing on. She turns and kisses me fiercely before I get a chance to put on the second. She takes it from my hand and does it herself. She starts posing like a princess in the mirror. I drop the daggers in their sheaths between her feet. She has a little orgasm at that point. She scoots to the water closet. 

She hops back up sans panties. I tie the daggers to her legs and hear the seamstress moan, her hands shaking. I take the dress from her to let her sit down. Which she does then hiking up her dress to rub her wet panties. Clue giggles and holds her arms out so I can put the dress on her. I tighten the cords and adjust her perky boobs give a good tug before tying it. She huffs then giggles.

"Ta-dah, Sexy bad ass. Let them your to little to be in the bar now. You can stomp there balls and cut their purse stings." I say.

"I super sexy. I didn't know I could look this hot." Clue says.

"You got more going on the most of them dippy waitresses. This is proof. Ready for more date now?"

"Oh hell yes. Did you get all this for me?" Clue asks shyly.

"Yeah, cause it's going to be special. She's going to wear this out." holding her cloak for her.

We step to the street and the rain has slowed to a steady drizzle. I grab her up and make a mad dash to the North Lane Tea Room. I throw the door open her giggling under my arm. The staff looks at me like I'm crazy but I ask for a table for two and menu anyway. Setting her down I take her cloak and the two halfling bus boys slam into each other. She just wags her finger at them.

We are seated and the only one's in the place. I take the menu and order up tea and blueberry parfaits. Her eyes dance from wonder to lust and back. The tea makes it to the table with the parfaits and she almost dives into it before I finish pouring the tea.

"So what do you think so far?" I ask.

"I just wanted a slap and tickle. You got me to have three and haven't done any real groping yet."

"Special." I nod.

She giggles and we have tea. By the time we finish our tea the rain has stopped for the minute. I pick up our cloaks and offer her my arm. She laughs but takes it. We walk to the new bar, Sundowners, a few people stepping out to ooh and ah at her dress. She tugs my arm and stands a little closer trying to hide her turning red.

Once in the bar the hoots and hubba of the men in there has her trying to pull me back out. I just smile and order a full bottle of three berry brandy with two flukes. I pick a table and help her to her seat. Minutes later Valkyrie is at the bar standing with her mouth dropped open like it could fall off any second. I point she waves turning pinkish red again.

"Go over there and brag about what your date got you." I say poking her side.

"I don't think I can. It feels weird." she says.

"Why is it weird?" 

"Cause right now I just want to get under this table and suck your brains out thru your pecker."

"You try it and I won't fuck you tonight."

"But, you .. fucking evil fuck."

"Hey, barkeep, get the gawking elf chic her usual then give a push in this direction. The drinks on me and send a menu over." I call to the guy behind the bar as the few guys in here snicker at Val.

"What are you doing!!?" she hisses.

"Making the elf hottie that gets your nipples hard, jealous of you for the night. She might even want a little snuggle and petting to tell her how it was for you." I say.

Clue trembles and moans.

"Special."

The bartender take Val by the arm and walks her to the table. Hands me the menu before helping her sit. He returns to the bar grabs a fluke of wine and a shot and sets them in front of Val.

"Give us a minute, I'll let you know when we're ready." I say to him pointing at the menu.

"Sure thing Nameless." he says and backs away.

"You keep this up and the only thing your going to fuck tonight is my still warm corpse. At the rate your going my brain is gonna melt and dribble out my twat."

"Liz you're so pretty." Val says.

"He had the dress tailored for me, got me cute accessories, and a little bling." Clue points at the ruby on her chest. 

"She on the market, I figured she'd want to show off the package."

"You bought a dress and jewelery? Are you proposing?"

"Are men here that tight fisted on the purse cause this is a lavish date yes, but not that uncommon a thing where I'm from. And as this is so special a night the gifts are hardly a pennies next to the gift of her company. And don't go messing up my mojo asking about costs, I'm still hoping to get lucky tonight."

"You could be getting lucky right now if you weren't being so evil." Clue hisses.

"How you feel about ribs. Sucking all that juicy meat off of those hard bones? Tangy or Spicy?"

"You are evil." Val says downing the shot.

"You get me any juicier, I going to fall through and hang myself."

"So House Baby Back, full rack. Tea we need a pitcher of sweet tea. You lovely ladies chat, I'll go put the order in." I say leaning over and kissing Clue neck. She moans.

I stand up and walk over to the bar. I order ribs. Baby backs for the table and two full racks to go over to the book store. I ask the barkeep which of his deserts is most popular with halflings. Him and two other guys say pudding. I ask what flavor they say any. I have him put two chocolate on the order. Then return to the table. 

"So has the conversation been good?" I ask.

"You told her to lose the panties?" Val leers at me.

"I suggested it, easier to stay comfy that way. And if we get all hot and bother, less in the way to for a quickie." 

"Evil evil evil mage." Clue says.

"But in the end it's gonna be like nothing else."

"Could it really be like anything else?" Clue asks.

"I'll let you get to your date." Val says picking up her glass and running for the bar.

"So is she jealous?"

"Yeah, and it's making me even wetter you bastard."

"Um barkeep," I wave him over, "My lovely date is worried about her dress, do you have a private dinning area, so she could take it off?" 

"Not really sir, we can make you order to go." he says.

"Well, we can eat here and dance or take the food home." I say leaning towards Clue.

"Home!" she yelps.

He flinches,"I'll get that set up for you sir. Wow your pretty." he comments to Clue.

"Thank you!"

I get the food, even the full ones for the shop and we head back. She dashes to the sidewalk out of the drizzle. I follow as fast as I can. We take everything upstairs and the others help. They tell how nice she looks, wink at her when she flashes the new daggers. She giggles and turns towards me. I smile and open my arms which she jumps into. 

The others discreetly wounder down stairs leaving Clue and I alone. I pull her towards the bed, she tries jumping in but I stop her. I hold her still and sit on the bed. I pull her close and kiss her. She starts shaking like a leaf. I pull my shirt off and toss it aside. I kiss the side of her neck and turn her away from me. I continue kissing her neck and shoulders as I undo the back of her dress. 

She steps out of the dress and I stand give her a nod to jump in.. She climbs up in the bed as I carefully hang the dress over the back of a chair. I undo my slack and let them slide down my legs. I step out of them as I face the bed. She is all shy, legs tightly together, arms folded over her breasts.

"We don't have to do this." I say.

"I want it so bad, after all this time. I'm scared. But your so good at it. All of them say you are best ever over the top great at it. And two of those are otherworld. I was here when you had Bland. She is so into you but you knew that would happen and helped her."

"Lay back, stop thinking."

"How do I stop thinking?"

"I have chocolate pudding for after."

"Oh my." she says falling back on the bed.

I reach over and caress her leg, She wriggles then opens them. I kiss my way upthe inside of her thighs to her puffy love pot. Kissing her well trim patch she moans. I delve in with a long gentle sweep of my tongue. She reaches for the back of my head and bucks her twat at my lips. Tucking my arms under her legs I wrap then over her abdomen and grab her bouncy titties. She moans louder then goes quiet when I flat lick her pussy rapidly a half dozen times. Then a little tongue tickle on her clit and she boxes my ears with her thighs. 

Leaning back I lit her legs and scoot forward on my knees. I Scoop her up and hold her to my chest. Her eyes are wild and eager. I rub myself at the opening of her passage. She moans and wriggles nodding yes. I lower her onto me. I lift and lower a bit more. She moans and paws at me, after the fifth time I am as deep as I dare go. She puts her arms around my neck and bounces herself on my shaft. A slow deep grind over mine raging hardness.

"Is it like taller women?" she asks in my ear before trying to give my neck a hickie.

"Feels lovely, just as hot and wet. Your tight body is amazing in and out of bed." I reply.

She bare down hard, grinding her pulsing love hole over my shaft. She pants and gasps. Her eyes looking in mine. She bucks herself against me desperately trying to make me cum. She riases up and squirts in my lap. She grunts and holds me tight then squirts again. She wobbles but I hold her and moan, her legs twitch as she sequels before squirting a third time. 

She pushes away and I let her go. She scrambles around and wiggles her twat at me. I push my cock back in. Give her a nice easy plugging. In deep, out most of the way back in deep. She moans and grunts. She pulls of and bucks wildly before gushing hard. Then wiggles back on to my meat. 

"Oh you evil mage cum, oh please cum." She pleads.

I grab her hips in response. Start giving her a rapid fucking but not slamming deep just with the top half. She wriggles and cums a few dozen times then I throb and spray her hot quivering hole full of cum. She screams and wails body bucking wildly. I let go of her and she curls her arms around herself wrapping into a ball of quivering muscles. 

I reach out and pet her tushie then caress my hand up the length of her spin. Leaning close I kiss her shoulder and lick the her earlobe. She moans and relaxes some. I coax her open again with kisses and caresses. She is flat on the back breathing deeply before long.

"Are you alright, I went easy."

"I know you did. I just wanted it harder. But your to big for that kinda thing." 

"I'm sure you could tear those bus boys up and still have a lot of fun."

"I could do that, maybe in a couple of days thou."

"I got something else." I say before retieving a little bottle of potion. "Hold your legs to your chest."

She pulls her legs up, I drizzle potion along her throbbing labia. She sighs and I pour some into her gapping cunny bringing on a bigger sigh and moan. "That stuff won't make me a virgin again?"

"I don't think so." I say eying the bottle.

"If it does you gotta do me again, your taking my virginity. As many times as it takes. Can I haz pudding now?"

"Sure, I'll bring it right over." I say sliding off the bed. "It's safe." I call down the steps. 

Blank is up in a flash and right to the bedside. Her and Clue chatter back and forth as I unwrap her pudding. Nix and Oasis come up looking at me questioningly. I nod towards the bed, Nix sighs. Stacy doesn't come back up right away. I give Clue her pudding and grab some ribs on a plate. I go down with the plate.

"You ok Stacy? She was kinda vocal, but didn't do anything she didn't ask for." 

"I know, she wanted you even if it split her in half. I couldn't help seeing Ella when they tore off her cloths and jammed her the first time. She cried out and screamed. Not like that but it came flooding into me head anyway."

"Ribs?"

"Thanks, and the multiple book piles are on these shelves."

"Thank you, guess we did get something done today. I'm such a lazy slacker."

"Yeah ya kind of are." she giggles, "Nameless, would you be willing to do that with me, when I'm ready. The ring with Cross felt unbelievable. Just pure pleasure. One day I'll need help allowing a man close in that way."

"I can be, I wasn't lying. If the three of you were so wounded and lost that death would have been your only comfort I would have given it. So to be here to help you find pleasure and one day another man who loves you. I will be here."

"Thank you." she says kissing my cheek and darting upstairs.

"I think you will kill me one day, Nameless." Cross says from the shadows. 

"That is why you need to learn to control you." I say looking up the steps.

"That girl, you freed her and became a better person, not just a better man. But you have killed and not just in revenge or rage."

"Will keep that between us. I'm not proud of it, nor do I brag about it."

"That which makes us what we are right." Cross says.

"Or what we are will to loose to survive, something you better learn to hold on to or fall to your demon nature and pay for eternity."

"Your such a smart ass, but I'll listen and learn. And let you fuck me like a bitch to shut that side up."

"Well I'm going to eat some of those ribs, you coming?"

"Help me up the stairs, I came a dozen times hearing Clue wail and beg."

"She got you beat, four or five times over." I say taking her arm.

"I would hope so, all that bottled up horny busting out on your magic manhood."

We climb the steps and all enjoy some ribs. After that day we all found a rhythm to being together. Nix stayed laid back as a counter to the up and downs of the other women. But when we went to visit Tempis, she was wild and passionate. I emerged three of other six much to her mothers confusion. I guessed that thou they said half elf, they were quarter or second generation half elf. She would look into it. 

The summer festival was a week away. We made plans and gathered our things. Cholesta was not far from everyones conversations for more then a week now, I was looking forward to the time away from the lunacy that was the Vale. I think back and still want to slap Valkyrie for not listening to me sooner. The book store had made us a lot of money as a group we had a large couch built. With all manner of special options built it. Stacy liked driving, so it worked out, being a novice and some of the others know a lot less then me.

"Nameless, when are you all going to be back?" Valkyrie says just kind of appearing beside the wagon.

"I haven't decided yet, I mean thanks for the money and the sex starved demon. But woman if your going to fuck me. Do it in the flesh."

"I'm still thinking about it. Is the teaching job to hard or does it not pay enough?" she asks.

"I have been telling you for weeks how this place is stepping all over itself. Too many redundancies. How you got it laid out in the hand book works, how it is for real is a cluster fuck in the orgy farm." I say.

"So how do I fix it? Rogue is ready to ditch the place. Spade rarely leaves the bar. Neither one of them will talk to me cause you got Cross and they didn't." 

"1.Cross chooses to stay with me 2. Rogue is part of the problem 3." I start.

"What do you .." she interupts.

"3! your letting yourself get all turned around over little shit while big issues just get bigger."

"What if I add..." Val interupts again.

"Stop! You want a fast fix?" I ask.

"Yeah." She admits.

"Don't use real money on this side of the gate."

"What?" She asks.

"Control the money all the other problems will work themselves out. Do this and I'll teach a magic class. Don't do it and we'll back back for the rest of our stuff at some point." 

"How do I go about doing that?" She asks further.

"Really read the two books I sent over three weeks ago. Looking swishy Clue. Those boyfriends still able to walk?"

"Don't know, they were still out cold when I left." Clue answers.

"And you call me evil." I say.

"Yeah well you pumped me full of it. I'm trying to work it back out." Clue jest in reply.

"Wow, so mouthy today. You must want pudding." Blank says.

"Shush it Blank." Clue snipes back.

"Look Valkyrie, this place could be off the charts amazing, read the books. Talk to Spade, let Rogue.. Rogue, I'll see you in a few weeks. Will talk more then. Everybody good to go?"
