 Quick pronunciations: 

"Caela" = Ki – la, ('i' as in 'pie'); from the Latin word for sky 

"Muna" = Moo – na 

Hope you enjoy! 



      CHAPTER TWO: TRAINING

After rinsing my body of the sweat and blood that still lingered from the day, I exited the small wash room and went back into the main bedchamber. I had only been occupied for a few moments, but both Muna and Caela had gone already.

The priestess would sleep well that night, as would I. 

Crossing to the bed, I removed the top sheet, still stained with the evidence of our coupling, and climbed in. The fire was starting to die down, and I stretched, relieving tight muscles and settling deeper into the soft mattress. It felt a little guilty lying in the magistrate's overly luxurious bed while my men slept on crude cots. But after reminding myself that I had a right as their leader to the greatest spoils of war, I began to drift off to sleep.

As consciousness slowly faded, I thought of the priestess and what a fine prize she had proven to be. But of course she was just the first of many; my campaign was to be long, and there were plenty of women from here to the King's city. And not all would be as reluctant to share my bed as Caela had been.

And with that comforting thought, I finally fell into a deep sleep. 

/*----------------------------------------------*/

I awoke early the next morning, quickly got dressed, and exited the house before most of my officers had even roused. 

Outside, I moved swiftly through the brisk morning air to the back of the villa, where an open field ran down the opposite side of the hill as the town. The grass was pale with dew and morning light, and soaked my pants as I walked downhill toward a large red shape near the bottom of the rise.

As I neared to my destination, I noticed splotches of red blood staining the grass as well as a few large bones strewn about. 

"Talon!" I said loudly when I reached the shape, which revealed itself to be quite large and breathing, "Wake up." 

With a growl and a crackling of joints, the shape began to uncurl itself from the ball it was in, becoming a very sleepy, sluggish dragon; the secret to my victory. 

"What is it?" the beast grumbled through large teeth, blinking its large yellow eyes blearily as it stretched its long, scaly neck. 

I took a step back as Talon spread his wings and red leather with intricate black patterns briefly shaded me from the weak morning sun. 

"I wanted to talk to you," I said as he finished and stood up fully on large, low legs, "We didn't have a chance to last night." 

Well over fifteen feet tall while standing, Talon had to look down to address me, "Talk about what?" he asked flatly, tilting his head.

I rolled my eyes at him, "Just talk, Talon. After the battle I lost track of you. Nice timing on the magistrate's dragon by the way," I added, referring to his expertly placed kill of the town's previous owner's beast. 

"Sorry it took so long," Talon apologized, misunderstanding my statement, "He had a field-runner. They can't fly but they slink along the ground faster than I can, so it took a while to catch him." 

"Most towns in this region favor them for their herding abilities," I nodded, "But thank you for your tenacity." 

"Why must you hold to that old tradition anyway?" Talon asked, "I thought the old order was exactly what you were fighting against." 

"Killing your rival ruler's dragon predates any order I'm fighting against," I said solemnly, "And if I am to wear the mark of a tamer, then I should hold their rules sacred." I was referring to the tattoo of a dragon that wrapped around my right bicep, placed there soon after I had found Talon as an egg in the desert. 

Talon sniffed, "Well I think it's silly." 

Very young by dragon standards, Talon's attitudes were understandable. And while he had matured physically into a magnificently fierce creature, he had much to learn about human-dragon relationships. 

"I saw you got plenty to eat," I said, changing the subject and looking around at what I assumed was the magistrate's dragon's bones. 

"I am still quite full, yes," Talon said, "But I saw some sheep off in the distance if I get hungry again." 

I nodded my approval, "So what do you have planned today?" I asked. 

"Sleep," Talon rumbled, "I have not gotten enough of it since we left the desert and these chilly mornings leave me lethargic." 

"It will only get colder from here on out," I warned, "Work on your fire-breathing in the meantime. Once a flame burns within you, you won't be cold any longer." 

"Easy for you to say," Talon sulked, and then began walking around in small circles, "Now if you don't mind, I'd like to get back to sleep." 

"Nice talking with you," I said as he flopped to the earth, "I will be back later; first I have some business to conduct." 

"Have fun," Talon yawned, and I turned and walked away, leaving him to his morning activities. 

/*----------------------------------------------*/

Back at the house, I was pleased to find my officers had all risen and had their servants making breakfast. A large table had been set up in the main foyer, and I took my seat at its head while I waited for the meal to be served. 

Nobody bothered me until the priestess, Muna, slipped into the seat to my right. With long, shiny black hair that framed a strong face and large, green eyes, Muna was the most beautiful woman I had ever known. A priestess of the earth, she obeyed an entirely less savory set of rules than Caela, who was a priestess of the sky. 

I did not care much for religion, but Muna's skills in magic and medicine made her invaluable to me. And the men loved her as well, many of them having already found themselves worshiping with her late into the night since the march from the desert started a little over a month ago. 

"How is our new friend?" I asked her when she sat down. 

Muna smiled slightly, "Sore, as you can expect, and beginning to show defiance again, but I believe I'll have her ready for ritual by the end of tomorrow." 

"Perfect," I said, "Because I think we will march the day after that. It will give the men something to remember between this town and the next." 

"I cannot train every woman you fancy from here to the city," Muna said, "It takes a lot of effort just to do one." 

"Do not worry about that," I said dismissively, "I just thought you'd like to have some fun on the side. And...converting...a sky priestess seemed like something you'd enjoy." 

"Very much," she agreed with a little malicious grin. 

"So what is she doing now?" I asked as a large plate of sausage was placed in front of me. 

Picking up her fork and grabbing a few pieces of the meat, Muna replied, "Right now she's in the basement, blindfolded and hanging from the ceiling. She said that your cock had not made her wet when I asked her if it had, so I hoisted her up, feet dangling and shoved one of my instruments up her cunt and left her. So when I go back down after breakfast and she has cum running all down her legs and dripping on the floor, I'll have the proof I need to know she's lying."

I couldn't help but laugh at Muna's blunt tone and nearly choked on the sausage I was currently trying to swallow. "I'd like to come and watch a bit of your training later if that's ok," I said, regaining control of myself. 

The priestess nodded, "Of course, some things are sacred and to be seen by only myself and my goddess, but I will let you participate later if you'd like." 

I nodded my thanks and then proceeded to eat my breakfast.

Muna left soon after that, and I listened to the talk of my officers for a while. They were understandably excited about our recent victory, although it had not been too difficult to achieve, and were anxious about my next move. 

Of course, they did not address me directly on these matters; they would know my plan when I told them it. 

"Aaron," I said to my general, who was seated at my left, "I'd like to speak with you all now." 

Holding up one fist, Aaron shouted, "Quit!" in his booming voice and the room fell silent almost at once. 

"Thank you," I said and then looked down the table at my two dozen or so officers, "Congratulations are in order for our stunning victory," I began, "Our casualties were few and you carried out your orders with precision. Thank you."

I paused for a second to allow the compliment to settle before moving on. 

"We will stay in this town until the morning after tomorrow. Aaron and I will talk further logistics later, but for now all you need to know is that I plan to march north and then west along the Via Draconis toward the King's city. We will meet opposition along the way, but I have every confidence in you and your men," I took a breath, "In addition; to celebrate our victory, I have arranged for the anointing of a new earth goddess to be held tomorrow night." 

Despite their discipline, a murmur of excitement passed around the table at this news until a sharp look from Aaron silenced the officers. 

"Most of you, included myself, have never participated in this ritual," I said, "But we all know what it entails, so prepare yourselves well." 

I smiled, letting my subordinates know it was alright to be happy with this circumstance. Some of the youngest officers looked a little confused, but most were understandably revved up and looked at each other with knowing smiles. 

"So unless there are any other points to make," I stood, "I will retire." 

The officers stood at their seats and snapped to attention until I strode off, at which point I could hear excited chatter immediately spring up again. 

I had never personally participated in the initiation of an earth priestess, but I knew almost everything it entailed and was rather looking forward to it myself. But Caela had a lot of training to endure between now and then, and I was going to help out the best I could. 

/*--------------------------------------------*/

After checking in on Talon one more time, and expressing to him my joy that he was working on breathing fire, I walked into the town's center and found the fires had all but burned out. Blood caked the stone where the multiple executions had taken place, and I was sure a mass grave had been dug outside the town; a warning to any who approached. 

The statue I had intended on destroying was lying next to its pedestal. Although not completely dismantled, the bottom was twisted and misshapen where the fires had melted it, making it look much less regal than before. 

To me, a statue was just another way for haughty kings to spread their image and I would not have cared if it stayed or burned. But to my men, destroying the statue was a symbol and a sign that their years of meager living were soon to come to an end. And the more they believed that, the harder they would fight for me. 

Satisfied, next I inspected the town's walls, making sure that the soldiers had properly refortified them and were keeping watch on the surrounding countryside. Many were groggy and sluggish from too much partying the night before, but they were all doing a satisfactory job. 

Confident in the knowledge that the town was secure, I walked quickly back to the house and immediately made my way to the cellar, where Muna said she was keeping Caela. 

Upon descending the stairs, the first thing I noticed was how much warmer it was getting near the bottom and when I opened the door to the main cellar, I discovered why. 

The room was not a large one, and most of it was crowded with stores of food. There were no windows to speak of, and the only ventilation was a small hole in one wall that opened to the outside via an unseen shaft. 

So when I walked in and found a panting and sweaty Caela, I immediately surmised that she was the source of the heat.

At some point, Muna had propped a short wooden table up against one wall and had secured the priestess to it by the wrists and ankles with ropes, leaving her spread eagle and naked. Sweat poured from her chest and ran down her stomach, where it joined the moisture between her thighs where Muna was eagerly pumping a long, thick stone rod into and out of her vagina. 

"Resist," Muna was saying over Ceala's increasingly loud moans, "Control your orgasm or I will punish you again." 

"I-I'm trying," the redhead cried, her breasts heaving with effort. 

"Ten more seconds," Muna promised, "And then you may release." 

I stood back near the door and counted down the seconds, secretly hoping that Caela would pass the test. For if she was already this far into her training, then she would definitely be ready for ritual by tomorrow. 

After reaching the end of my countdown, I heard Muna say, "Now," and then Caela thrust her hips out from the table, screaming loudly as her orgasm slammed through her. How long she had been holding it in, I did not know, but it lasted for over a minute, and by the time it was over, Muna's stone rod was dripping with cum. 

She removed it from Caela's cunt with a loud *pop* and turned to address me while the other priestess continued to twitch her hips in orgasmic aftershocks. 

"I see she's coming along well," I mused. 

Muna nodded, "Much better than I anticipated, actually. We already blew by ejaculation and vaginal control and are making wonderful progress in orgasm control." 

I walked passed Muna to the prone Caela, whose eyes were open and looking at me almost longingly. "Enjoying your new life so far?" I asked her, reaching up to grab a pink nipple and giving a squeeze between my fingers. 

"Yes, my Lord," Caela nodded, arching her chest into my grasp. 

Raising one eyebrow at her surprising response, I leaned forward, opening my mouth to hers. She tilted her own head and accepted my kiss eagerly, sucking on my tongue and biting my lips aggressively until I pulled away, out of her reach. 

"What have you done to her?" I laughed, "I hardly recognize this wanton creature." 

"She was born for this life," Muna smiled, "But she has much to learn still." 

"What do you have in mind now?" I asked, eager to join in. 

Muna began untying Ceala from the table, releasing her ankles and then her wrists. The priestess slid down from her perch and stood perfectly still, awaiting her next order. 

"We've progressed about as far as we can with vaginal sex," Muna said, "I thought we'd explore other...options." 

Nodding my complete understanding, I bent and removed my boots and then pants until I stood entirely naked, my cock already roused from the sight I had just witnessed. 

"Come here," I told Caela and she came, without hesitation, to stand a foot in front of me. "On your knees." 

Again she obeyed, sitting back on her legs and looking up at me with expectant blue eyes. 

Breaking her gaze, I looked up at Muna, who was slipping out of her own black dress. "I thought I'd show her how to start properly," she said, dropping the material to the floor and walking forward on black sandals with leather straps that ran up her calves to directly below her knees. 

I gazed at her body; tall and slender, with small breasts that ended in tiny red, perfect nipples. Her sex was shaved bare, like Caela's, and black tattoos of arcane symbols ran up and down her body, covering her sides and stomach. I could just make out the small metal stud that pierced her clitoris. 

Kneeling in front of me and next to Caela, Muna reached out to cup my balls, using the other hand to stroke my shaft slowly. 

"Touch it," she said to the other priestess. 

Slowly, Caela reached out and brushed her fingertips along my now fully erect cock, sending delightful tingles down its shaft. 

"That's it," Muna urged, removing her own hand, "Now stroke it in your fist." 

With a little more confidence, Caela wrapped her tiny hand around me, barely encircling my cock and began to stroke it slowly. Moaning at her enticing naivety, I pushed my hips forward and into her hand. 

"Faster," I said, and she obeyed. 

"See that," Muna said, pointing at the bead of pre-cum that had spilled out of my cockhead and was threatening to fall to the floor, "Use it for lubrication." 

Nodding, Caela rubbed her palm over the tip of my cock, coating it with the pre-cum and then continued to stroke my shaft, aided now by the fluid. 

"She's a quick learner," I said to Muna, who stood and walked behind me. 

"She has a good subject to practice on," Muna whispered into my ear, wrapping her arms around my midsection and molding the front of her body to mine. I could feel her breasts against my back and her fingers as they ran along my skin, tracing my abs before moving back up to tweak my nipples lightly. 

I turned my head and accepted Muna's waiting kiss. She was nearly as tall as I and I could feel the heat of her sex pressing against my butt as I leaned back into her. 

Breaking the kiss after a moment, Muna looked down at Caela, who was still stroking my cock lovingly. "Place it in your mouth," she said, "And use only your tongue and lips. No teeth." 

Muna resumed kissing me and I moaned into her mouth as I felt warm lips begin to slide down my shaft, coating it with saliva. Caela's tongue worked along the underside of my cock, adding to the sensation as she continued down its length, stopping halfway when it reached the back of her throat. 

"Fuck," I moaned and tore myself away from Muna to watch the naïve priestess pull her head back, leaving my cock glistening before her. 

"That's right," Muna sighed, moving from behind me back to my side, "Slow at first, but then faster." 

I could feel cool air against the wet spot Muna's pussy had left on my skin and took a moment to reflect on how truly lucky I was before I felt my balls encased in warm, wet heat and realized that Muna had just gently sucked them into her mouth from between my legs. 

"Sneaky," I groaned and closed my eyes, savoring the duo's efforts and feeling my orgasm begin to approach. 

Caela sped up and I opened my eyes to see her plunging two fingers into her cunt. She began to moan around my cock and it was all I could take. 

Reaching out, I grabbed the top of Caela's head and held it still. Then, with Muna still ravishing my balls, I began to thrust my cock in and out of Caela's mouth, setting a fast pace and hitting the back of her throat with each stroke. 

She gagged a little at first from my intrusion, but continued to frig herself as I had my way with her. And then, at last, my orgasm arrived and I pulled out of her mouth completely, aiming my shaft at her face just as thick white ropes of cum began erupting from the tip. They splattered along her chin and lips, coating them with viscous goo. 

Muna removed herself from my balls and approached Caela on her hands and knees. She then proceeded to lick and suck cum off the other woman's face, swallowing it all quickly and leaving her clean in only a few moments. 

"Tie her up," I told Muna, pointing to the thin chain that hung from the ceiling a little to the left, "Hands above her head, feet on the floor. It's time she completed her basic education." 

Muna moved quickly. My recent orgasm had not abated my lust at all and had in fact inflamed it, as evidenced by my still-hard cock. 

Getting off the floor, she assisted Caela to her feet and then led the sky priestess over to the chains. 

"Arms up," she commanded and Caela rose them to allow Muna to shackle them together. Then, crossing the room, she pulled on the other end of the chain, running it through a crude pulley system and hoisting Caela up so that her body was stretched out, her feet flat on the floor of the cellar. 

I approached the secured woman and immediately plunged two fingers into her cunt. She was soaking wet and her insides scorched my digits with inflamed heat. When I pulled them from her, I held them up to her face to show her how wet she was. 
