 "Nameless?" A shapeless voice calls.

"Nameless!?!" It calls again, male tones added.

"What? Majesty??" I ask opening my eyes.

"I called you a number of times. I was trying to get your attention without disturbing her." He says pointing at Cladoria. "What are they doing?"

"I have no idea."

"What are you doing?"

"Like you I didn't want to interrupt. I must have slipped into meditation, only now my ass is asleep. Help me up." I answer holding my hand out.

"How do you do it?" he asks pulling me to my feet.

"Close my eyes and focus..."

"No, all these women?" he says cutting me off.

"I can't say."

"Keeping that secret huh?" he asks tapping me with his elbow.

"No, it's more about them then me. I give them pleasure and attention. They have worked out how that works as a group. I'm just the one blessed with all their company."

"Is that why you won't have my daughter?" he asks then reddens in shame.

"You didn't just ask that. Adella is a lovely girl, she doesn't need more sex. Not even if it's amazing. She needs context, romance, and longing. She needs to hear other girls talk about wanting it or how it felt when they got it. To put back the mystery that the training washed away."

"You hardly know her. How could you know so much in so little a time?"

"The way she sneered and scoffed at her mother. That was obviously a stab at Cathy for something that Cathy had once said to her. She knows something is wrong with her when it comes to sex. She just doesn't know what and blames her mother. I don't know if she holds it against you. Like you said I just met her."

"I see why Lord Helzury speaks so highly of you. That man was a compete prude yet he told my in rather graphic detail your council and activities. Half of what he said I thought he would have died of embarrassment speaking aloud." Fredderich says with a chuckle. 

"I would hardly call him a prude. Exceedingly reserved about himself publicly when it comes to talk about sex in anyway. But that shows integrity, I would never mock those with it."

"Thou you were rather cross about him having spoken to us about it."

"I was. He assumed I would not mind. He was right but asking me would have been common courtesy. I see he holds you in very high regard to have openly talked to you." I say seeing Caldoria watching us with a warm smile.

"I hadn't thought of it that way. Your right of course."

"Well Majesty if you'd rather a less formal introduction." I wave my hand toward Caldoria.

"I could do with out all the pomp and formality." he says.

"Then King Fredderich D'Loerian Ulmagoust may I introduce Queen Caldoria of the Mer-clan. My Queen, King Ulmagoust. In other words, Fred this is Cali, Cali Fred. I'll let you two talk, it sounds like I am needed up stairs." I say as yelling echoes from the stairwell.

I bolt up the steps to find Cross pinning the princess to the back wall, horns bared. Blank and Oasis holding a enraged Clue at the other side of the room with Stacy holding Cathy on the stairs. I can't make out what Clue is saying in halfling but it's tone is quite cursing. Cross stares down at Adella almost drooling.

"Enough!" I yell. 

Clue freezes in place between the other women and Cross drops the girl on the floor.

"Cross, walk it off. Talk to Nix, or something. Stay away from the guards. I'd hate having to kill them all for harming you out of fright. YOU!" pointing at Clue, "What is your problem?" 

"She slapped her mother, calling you a deviant child molesting pervert. She also tried taking one of your wands to do away with all of us sleazy cock whores before we infect her parents with our filth."

"Is that why Cross had hold of her?" I ask.

"Yeah, she grabbed a lightning wand." Blank answered,

"Put her down. Clue is what she said true?"

"No but.." Clue answers.

"Is anyone here going to believe a thing that comes out of her prissy, up tight, close minded mouth?"

"Well no." Clue answers again.

"Your older then her, act like it." I say then turn on the princess. "You have lost your privilege of clothing. You have two choices, leave my island or strip. Now!"

The girl scurries to her feet and runs up the stairs towards the bridge. The Queen chases after giving me a worried glance. I plop myself into the desk chair looking at the wands knocked out of the sheaths. The rest of the women come to stand in front of the desk. Blank, Oasis, Stacy, followed warily by Tempis who looks on the verge of tears. Nix is quick to come to my side.

"That could have been handled better. But I don't think any of you did anything wrong. The mistakes were mine. Please don't feel bad for all you had to do. If the King has a problem he can take it up with me."

"But you didn't.." Blank starts.

"I didn't is right. I didn't realize the princess was angry to the degree of violence. I forgot halflings are furred when they defend their loved ones or children. I allowed this to happen by underestimating things that should have been obvious." I say.

Nix smacks the back of my head, "Calm it down, the princess snapped, she didn't know she was that angry, so how could you. I do think you need to give Cross an apology. She didn't bare her horns in anger, she called up her magic to turn the wand off. Her horns show any time she uses magic."

"I will, could all of you get supper started, please. Clue, thank you for caring about me that much." I say before standing and searching out Cross. 

I reach the large bedroom on the top floor. Cross's cloths are tossed all over the floor and she lying arms and legs spread face down on the bed. Hearing my footsteps she turns her head and watches me in the wall mirror. I step to the foot of the bed. She raises her ass and wiggles it at me. 

"I'm not mad." she says. 

"Neither am I, you did look it thou." I say back.

"So your not going to punish me?" she whimpers.

"If I only had the time." I admit.

"Just shove it in and pound me. It won't take long. You can even yell at me." she begs.

"I still owe you for that stunt last night." I say edging anger in my voice.

Before she can say another word I grab her thighs and drag her to the edge of the bed. A quick pull at my belt and shove at the hem of my pants my rapid growing erection is free. Grabbing it I slap it on her wet drippy pussy. She moans and push back towards me. With little coaxing I shove it in her hot quivering depths and pound her pulsing hole with reckless abandon. 

I hiss at her about touching that prissy princess before me. Grab her hair growling about her letting someone touch my wands. Shove her hard down into the bed grunting that if she showed her horns again I'd chain her to the wall and fuck her five times a day for a week if she did it again. That little demon started cumming in waterfalls. I blast her with seed and pull out spurting some on her trembling ass cheeks. I slap her ass with my slimy pecker to shake the last of my cum off, then pull up my pants.

I do a little fresh spell on myself but, leave her lying there with a drunk smile on her face. I pass Oasis on the stairs when I head back down. Once on the main floor Cathy is standing there somewhat upset. Blank sets serving dishes on the table. Fred isn't here. Stacy points towards the bridge stairs.

"Is there something you want to ask Cathy?" I ask sitting at the table.

"Were you serious about her clothing." she asks.

"Absolutely. In fact thank you for the reminder. Ladies get comfortable. We have been courteous as far as I can stomach." I say. Stacy, Blank, and Nix loose their coverings instantly. 

"You keep them naked?" she asks worridly.

"Me, no. They set the house dress code." I confess.

"Please stand, Master, your wearing to much. As your harem we want to enjoy you all the time." Nix says as she and Stacy take my clothing from me. Cathy turns bright red and staggers to the side. Blank guides her to a chair before she falls on the floor.

"This is a clothing optional household, it's our option if you get to keep your cloths." Nix says stepping next to her chair. "Stand please, we'll help you hand them over."

"Any other questions Cathy?" I ask reaching out and taking a warn dinner roll.

"Nameless I have..." Fred starts to say, "When in Rome?" He asks seeing Cathy being stripped by Nix and Stacy. 

"If you plan on eating at this table, yes." I answer.

"Need help with that belt kingy?" Clue says in all her amazonian nude glory asks.

"I think I can do this myself." he replies before pulling his shirt up over his head.

"Oasis didn't come back down?" Blank asks.

"No, put some stuff together for her and Cross. I don't think they will join us for dinner." I say. 

"You go easy on Cross like I said." Nix ask sitting next to me.

"Yes, she took it hard anyway, Oasis is helping her work out the rest of her issues." I say.

Clue starts cackling like an imp,falling over on the floor. Cathy and Fred look at her in total confusion.

"Translated, Nameless and Cross fucked and Oasis is taking liberties with her." Nix says bringing more laughter form the Clue. 

"Something like that, yes." I admit.

Fred one leg already out of his pants looks at Cathy questioningly. "Adella?"

"I'll get her." Cathy says strolling naked across the room and taking the stairs.

"This isn't an Emperor's cloths thing is it?" Fred asks.

"You want to walk back in to the capital baring your scepter and royal jewels, thats on you." I say.

The ladies giggle and gather around the table. Fred tries in vain to not look at the many boobs wiggling to and fro as the ladies take their seats at the table. Cathy brings Adelle in with her. Both go wide eyed at Fred and his standing rod. I tap the table and wave at Adella to lose her covers as well. She does, bright red the whole time. The three of them sit at the table in silence. 

"Now, Fred, how did your talk with Caldoria go?" I ask.

"She's offering a lot, but what she's asking for might be a little beyond my control." he says. 

"How so, I wasn't privy to the extent of her requests?" I ask.

"I command many ships, yes, but not control of the shipping that crosses the waters of the sea. I can't insure the safety of every Mermaid in the sea." Fred says sadly.

"You may have misunderstood. I know she wants all the mer-folk of her clan protected, extending that to other clans isn't realistic and I am sure she knows that." I explain.

"And the issues with the aquatic elves?" he asks.

"We'll have to go back down to ask her for answers about that."

"How can you sit here and talk like this eating in the nude?" Adella asks.

"What's it matter what we wear?" I ask her looking her in the eyes.

"There are things that are supposed to happen one way and only that way!" she argued. 

"Not true. There are many ways of doing anything." I say.

"Talking politics while eating naked is wrong." she whines.

"Do you bath clothed?"

"No, that wouldn't be bathing."

"Do you use a knife every time you eat?" I ask.

"Yes."

"You use a knife to eat pudding? This I have to see. Blank is there puddling?"

"No pudding." Blank answers.

"What does that even mean?" Adella asks.

"That regardless of what you think you know, there are many other cultures and peoples that don't do it like you think they should or shouldn't. Would you like to dine with Queen Caldoria?" I ask.

"It would be better then sitting here with you naked people." she rationalizes.

"Ok, I'll get you the ring of water breathing and you can swim after your dinner with her and her royal court. When you catch it, give it's head a good snap, it's easier to eat when it's dead. FYI they don't wear clothing in the sea. Not a stitch. Still want to go? Or are you going to stop trying to think you are the judge of how the world should be. Now shut up, and eat your dinner." I rant.

"Thats disgusting." she whines.

"Sitting here naked eating cooked food doesn't seem so bad." I say.

"You're such an evil pervert." she sneers.

"Only for special people." I say.

"Like me." Clue chirps.

"You're kinda evil with Cross." Nix says.

"She needs it that way." I say.

"I would have screamed bloody murder if you pushed your slimy cock in my ass like that?" Blank comments, "But she cums like a slut when you do it to her." 

Cathy goes white as a ghost and Fred nearly chokes to death. "Any questions Adella?" I ask.

"You put your penis in her ass?!?!" Adella asks.

"If you're a good girl, maybe he'll let you watch." Nix says, "You two are welcome I'm sure."

"You do what and we can watch? I don't know what to say about that. Cathy what do you think?" Fred asks, "Cathy? Are you listening?"

"Mother are you breathing?" Adella asks.

"She's lost between wanting to watch and how it would feel to have her tushy plugged." Nix says.

I bust out laughing, Fred turns red and I laugh harder. 

"I think they broke him." Oasis says. 

"I'll double check." Clue says scooting under the table.

"Clue did you eat all your good food?" Nix asks.

"Yes?" Clue says from under the table.

"Ok, enjoy." Nix says then leans closer to Cathy, "Once she starts she just don't stop until she gets the pupping. Kind of a halfling thing from what we can tell." 

"Oh my! Clue .. OH hooo. What were we talking about?" I say gripping the side od the table.

"She isn't really!?" Adella asks.

"Why else would she be under the table?" Stacy asks, "One day I'm going to try it."

"You haven't ever? But your in his harem?" Adelle asks confused. 

"No not since...Nameless hasn't done anything or demanded anything." Stacy confirms. "Even the other girls have been kind and respectful of my personal space."

"But but he's a freakish womanizing pervert." Adelle rationalizes.

"And the most honorable, honest, and mind melting fuck any woman could hope to have." Blank says. "Which is why I gave him my virginity. He was so gentle and unbelievably amazing." 

"Now that was yummy." Clue says licking her lips as she crawls from under the table.

"Wait you had one already?" Fred asks.

"She's really is dedicated to the task at hand." I say. "Yowzah. Blank water please."

"Cathy, he is good to go if you want to get some too." Clue says at Cathy's arm pointing a thumb over at Fred. "Might want to think about it before he wastes it on the underside of the table."

I gulp down some water as most of the ladies snicker.

"Cathy? If your not going to eat it, can I have it." Tempis asks politely.

Fred trembles in orgasm at the request. Cathy stares wide eyed as her husband experiences sexual release without even being touched by any of my harem. She stands helping him to his feet and takes him up to their guest room. Adelle sits blankly staring into her water goblet. Stacy and Blank help her to her room. Clue gives me a kiss on the cheek before dashing away.

"This is going to upset the apple cart, Nameless." Nix comments.

"I'd agree but they'll be out of here by noon." I reply.

I sleep in the bed with some of my women. The rest fine with where they cuddle up. In the early morning still I slip out of bed and head down to the main floor. Caldoria and Fred are sitting at the table talking. Fred is taking down notes quickly as Caldoria tells the location and strength of two pirate ships and raiders from supposed allies. I listen for a moment before making my way down to the cove.

"Nameless, is not my daughter with you?" Former Queen Talantia asks.

"She and the King are still in discussions. I wanted to speak to you anyway, lady." I say.

"Is this about last night?" she asks.

"Very much so. I have a way of getting to the island. I would have to travel alone and I don't see that sitting well with the ladies or your daughter. Plus will you help with the Gorgon when I bring her back?" I ask.

"You'd bring her here? Why?" she asks harshly.

"Would you send a youth into sea-devil water, even armed. Same thing. Freeing her from the island would just put her in danger. If she came here, she could aid the clan and us. Has Tempis done anything to endanger the clan?" I ask.

"No. Her song has also aided in herding in mating schools." she admits.

"I think this Gorgon could be as valuable. And someone you could confide and debate things with, as a friend. You were Queen, not many of the clan just chat with you anymore."

"You are insightful. I do want friends. Tempis is young and flighty, having a conversation with her feels more like instructing a child. Someone of equal intellect would be enjoyed. I see the merit in this, I will give my aid." she says.

"Thank you. Please tell me all you know of this Gorgon."

She tells me what she knows. This Gorgon is younger then Talantis herself. Was sent to the island by priestesses of Hellios. Then the sea devil migration claimed the island. She has been on the island for twenty years since then. The rumors tell of her fondness of flowers and berries. They also describe her as bloodthirsty. Talantia returns to the waters leaving me to my thoughts.

"You don't have enough? Need to fish more out of the sea to sate your depravities?" Adelle snides.

"You need to mind your tongue. That is the Queen's mother and adviser. She and I talk often about needs of the Queen, clan, and matters of the sea." I say.

"But your standing there oogling her?" she accuses.

"I look upon her body, mermaids find it reassuring when they are admired. I have no sexual interest in the mother of my Caldoria with whom I very much exchange pleasures. I notice you have not turned your eyes from my cock during this little chat." I say. 

"I am not." she says looking away.

"What is it then?" I ask flat out.

"Your not normal. What is so different about you that my mom and dad are blind to all this nudity?"

"Their not blind to it. They just don't see it the way you do." I say.

"Why are you doing this?" she whines.

"They asked me to. You don't like sex do you?" I ask.

"Not really. It feels ok but it's not like I'm married and ready to have children." she says.

"And nudity offends you, more to the point it excites you doesn't it?" I ask taking a step to the side so she can get a real good look of my body and attributes.

"Yes it offends me. I don't understand how anyone wouldn't be offend."

"Tempis isn't offended. Neither is Queen Caldoria. Nix never wears cloths, she cloaks herself in the illusion of clothing. That said I do think there are people that should not be allowed on the streets fully clothed with bags on their heads because their still just that ugly." I say rubbing my chin nodding.

Adella starts laughing. 

I continue, "If you want to be offended and complain. Be my guest. I don't care. I will never wear those stupid frilly dog collar outfits those human nobles prance around in. I also agree that corsets are a fashion torture device for women, thou if a lady wears one and noting else it is rather erotic, in my opinion." 

"You think clothing is unnecessary?" she asks.

"I think clothing is given to much importance. A person is in fine clothing, well groomed and, when they speak it's a high pitched squeak asking nothing but sexual questions about their dress. Will this dress make him want me. IS this suit going to make her want me. How hard is it going to be to get those off of you in the cloak room to stick it to you. Nobles dress just to be even more pompous and arrogant." I say.

"That isn't true." she snips.

"Really, perhaps for you it isn't. Do you know a noble girl your age that doesn't talk about what they will wear to a ball or party that is still months away?"

"I... There's..." she says.

"I find it complete fucking tits up stupid some little bimbo with not a thought in her head would wear a butt ugly green gown that cost 2,500 gold coins for only half a night just to let some fat smelly drunk noble tear it off her and pump her pussy full of his seed. Not even trying to get impregnated, which might have been smart."
