 Sorry for the delay, I hope you like this next installment. Trying some new tings in this one. As always please vote and comment and tell me what you think. 

Part 12

The Sentinel Trees

"...fuck me like we were going to die tomorrow..."

Mary was a great kisser and her desperate hunger for attention was more and more obvious as she pinned my back against the wall and undid my shirt one button at a time. She took a break from devouring my tongue to plant light kisses down my neck across my chest and onto my left nipple.

"There are a few things you should know about me Nick," she said between licking and nipping at my hard nipple. "I am a simple country girl from Innis Ireland, and I do enjoy sex a lot but there are things that I just don't do."

"Like what," I asked as she began to unbuckle my belt.

"I don't put things in my mouth, I don't do any crazy sex positions, I don't like guys spraying cum all over me, I most definitely do not swallow and under no circumstances do I do anal."

"MMMMM, that doesn't leave a lot except me bending you over a chair and fucking you until you beg me to stop, now does it?"

"MMMMMMMM, but I can do this," she purred as she freed my aching cock and began to stroke it. "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM and I can do this," she growled as she dropped her skirt and slid her soaked pussy over the length of me alternating between her hand and her sex now.

"MMMM that does feel nice," I told her as I unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it to the floor. "I guess I can do this," I said tugging down one of the cups of her black lace bra and licking and teasing her nipple. "MMMMMM and I suppose I could do this," I said unhooking the front clasp and cupping her tits and squeezing and suckling her flesh.

"UNNNNNNNNNNNNN yes Nick," she was moaning loud and long now. "That feels wonderful."

"MMMMMM be a dear and take my shoes off so I can get out of these pants," I purred in her ear.

I watched her as she smiled, nodded and dropped to her knees. I saw her eye my cock that was so close to her lips it was just begging for her attention. One shoe then the next was off and she was helping me out of my pants.

"MMMMMMMMM you know if I close my eyes anyone could sneak up and do some naughty things and I wouldn't know who really did it," I offered then.

"That they could," she said licking her lips and I could see the flare of lust in her face just before I closed my eyes.

I felt her hand on my shaft and I was so aroused it twitched in her grasp. She slowly stroked it and I thought I felt her breath on the tip for just a moment. Was that a tentative lick of a tongue on the tip tasting my precum? I heard her moan and a soft whisper of her 'I will be a good girl' mantra just before her lips wrapped around the head of my cock. The deep moan of pleasure/hunger being fulfilled shot through me like an electric current. 

"OH MY GOD..." I cried out and that was the straw that broke Mary's resolve.

I felt her tongue swirl around the tip and inch by agonizing inch slipped deeper and deeper until I was lodged in her throat. Not only did this woman suck cock but she was one of the best if not the best I had ever been with. I felt her head move forward and back and her tongue work its magic along the length without a single use of her hands! Mary made love to my cock and when she could take it no longer she stood up wrapped her arms around my neck and jumped up. I caught her just as her precise movement impaled her on my hardness and her cry rang in my ears.

"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS," she sang. "Fuck ME Nick," then her lips were on mine again and it was now HER back against the wall and HER pussy being pounded hard and fast and HER legs wrapped around my waist as I stood there and hammered into her wet tightness like a man possessed. I felt her nails dig into the top of my back and when her first orgasm tore through her down they went like white hot lines of fire drawing blood as they went. Instead of hurting me it spurred me on to continue slamming my cock into her even as her body shook in complete surrender to her climax. I took a step away from the wall and began to lift and drop her on my cock now and I could see her eyes roll up in her head as the waves of pleasure were once more building up in her.

"MMMMMMMMMMMM," she let out a guttural sound that might have been language but if it was I didn't speak the tongue. "In... In... INNNNNNNNNNNNNN the next room... there is the perfect couch to get me on my hands and knees... lover...."

I walked us over passed the open doors into the living room which looked more like a Greco-Roman parlor than something that belonged in a Midwestern home. My eyes found the couch she was speaking of and it was a lovely serpentine shaped thing that one could easily imagine Cleopatra and Mark Anthony making love on. I bent my knees and lowered her down until her feet touched the floor and then she slowly walked over to the couch and lowered her body onto it belly down, ass up. She tucked her knees beneath her belly and provided a very submissive posture to me. The couch was not very wide and it was easy for me to straddle it and move behind her and ease my cock back into her tight wet depths.

"MMMMMMMMYESSSSSSSSSSSSSS," she whimpered as I began to move slowly now in and out of her as she did things with her pussy muscles I have never experienced before. It was like an undulating motion that rippled along the shaft of my cock.

"What the fuck," I moaned.

"You like," she purred.

"NO, I love..." but I was now lost in the sensation and my desire to fill her pussy with cum.

I grabbed her hips for leverage and began hammering into her again and felt the first stirrings of my orgasm and so did Mary.

"Be a love and don't... UNNNNNNNNN... don't get stains on the couch..." she moaned over her shoulder.

As I felt my climax get closer and closer I knew there was only one thing to do. As my cock swelled and stretched her even more I pulled out and the little minx rolled over offering me her tits and face for a target. I let her stroke me to completion and with a guttural cry I shot all over her lovely breasts and face. I was beginning to see a pattern here. She licked what cum she could then grabbed me by the wrist and led me to her bedroom and shower.

Her bathroom was massive and surprisingly similar to mine at home except the bath tub was sunk into the floor. She started a shower to wash my fluids from her face, hair and chest as I slipped into the hot water of the perpetually filled tub. I watched her intently as she wet her hair and soaped up her entire body and the lather fell from her freckled skin in foamy landslides down... down... down to the drain. I saw her take a razor and touch up her thin strip of scarlet pubic hair and with a smile she was pleased with it once more. Then she washed her hair and I was rock hard and ready for her when she stepped out. I think it was time to test my theory as she slunk over like some sex starved succubus. As she slipped a foot into the tub I shook my head.

"What do you mean no," she smiled.

"There is a price to bathe in this tub," I told her standing up and revealing my iron hard flesh.

"MMMMMMMMMMM," she licked her lips. "And what is the fee for bathing today good sir?"

"Oh... I think you know," I said moving to sit on the far side of the tub.

She slipped into the hot water and walked over until she was eye to eye with my erection. She took it in hand and sensuously began to stroke it.

"That's not the fee and you know it," I told her.

"But I don't..." she began in her coy voice.

"You already have now unless you want me to leave..."

"NOOOOOO," she said smiling wickedly and tilting her head to the side. "I guess I could just this once..."

She held her hair with one hand and once more managed in one long fluid motion take every last inch of me down her throat. I slipped my fingers into her wet hair and held it for her and she focused her entire attention on me. 

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM," I moaned as she brought her formidable cock sucking skills to bear. "HOLY SHIT," I exclaimed as she looked up at me and I could feel her hunger and knew that she wouldn't stop until I shot down her impatient throat.

We never broke eye contact as she made love to me with her mouth and tongue and lips. Her hunger infected me and I began to push and pull her head up and down my length and her purrs and moans of pleasure grew and grew. She began to fondle and caress my balls as her lips brushed against the base of my cock's shaft. I was in lust! Mary never needed to say a word her desires were mine and I fucked her throat while she pleasured me with her tongue and teeth and hands. The wonderful sensation of her teeth lightly raking along the sensitive flesh of the shaft and head of my dick was pushing me towards that inevitable moment. Without warning she wrapped her fist around the shaft of my cock and began stroking it slowly at first but then faster and faster. Leisurely she pulled her head up and away until only her lips were left wrapped around the head and as I swelled in her grip her eyes smiled wickedly. I was too busy fighting off a powerful orgasm to wonder what the minx had planned until I was panting and gasping for breath as my climax was mere seconds away and as my orgasm hit she slid in long index finger deep into my rectum doubling my pleasure in that single mutinous act. I cried out in surprise as much as pleasure and she greedily drank me dry. After she had stroked every last drop of cum from me she eased her finger out of my ass and smiled demonically.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMM," she purred, "how was that lover?"

"Fucking amazing," I admitted.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMM good...," she said batting her eyes at me and biting her lower lip. "...my turn?"

I slipped into the water and pulled her to me and into a deep hungry kiss and felt her body mold to mine instinctually. How long we stood like that I don't know but I grudgingly broke away and saw the longing that had been in her eyes was burning at a whole new level. Without a single word uttered I reached below the water and gripped her by her waist and lifted up and out of the water setting her ass right on the edge of the tub. Mary lay down and placed one leg over each of my shoulders and shivered in anticipation. I lowered my face between her legs and lightly blew on her clit and watched her arch her back just a bit in response. Then I turned my head and planted light kisses on her inner thigh stopping just before I reached her glistening sex. I heard a low grumble of disappointment but she never spoke out. I turned my head and repeated the process with her left inner thigh but this time my last kiss was planted on her hooded clit. This had the desired reaction. Mary cried out and her ass left the floor as she pressed her sex against my mouth.

"MMMMMMMMMMMM," she groaned.

I cupped her ass cheeks in my hands and began to lap away at her sex from bottom to top. My tongue sliding between her pussy lips and ending with a flourish as it lazily rubbed her sensitive button of flesh. There was another growl and pleas for more so I began at the bottom again and teased first one of her labia then the other and so it had begun. After a few minutes of this I focused on her clit by flickering my tongue over it and feeling the vibrations running through Mary's body as the stimulus raced through her and drove her wild. Then just for fun I would suckle her clit ever so slightly before returning to tonguing her entire sex in long exaggerated movements of head and tongue. I lost track of time I was enjoying myself so much and she was beyond words the entire time. I knew that she had finally cum when her hips lifted up higher than before and a single piercing cry cut through the room and echoed off its excellent acoustical walls and ceiling. Then Mary was laying prone on the floor panting and her legs still shaking. I gently took an index finger and lightly rubbed her clit and saw her entire body spasm and I suspected she had just climaxed again. 

'HMMM,' I thought. 'This could be fun.'

I eased two fingers into her pussy and began to thrust them slowly in and out of her and she weakly tried to stop me but her eyes rolled up and she was grinding against my digits in no time. I lowered my head and very lightly lapped at her clit while my fingers did their work and climax followed climax until she begged me stop.

"PPPPPlease lover... my pussy can't take it any more..." she panted.

I removed my fingers from her and she sighed contentedly until I left the tub and showed her the erection she had inspired.

"Dear me," she said in her Irish Brogue, "what the devil are we going to do about THAT?"

I just smiled at her and she returned it and without another word rolled onto her belly and from there onto her hands and knees. I knelt behind her and eased my cock into her pussy and thrust into her very slowly but when I tried to ease a finger into her ass she just said...

"Why waste valuable time lover... just slide that fine cock of yours into me and have your way with me..." she moaned in final surrender to her desires.

I took my erection now slick with her pussy juices and eased it slowly into her tight ass and she just relaxed and took it with little or no pain. 

"UNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN," she moaned. "I tried to be a good girl... I really did. Now fuck my ass Nick and don't be delicate. Show me what a real man does with a cock in so fine an ass as mine!"

So I did. I rammed it home and heard her growl of approval and attacked her tight hole like a man on a mission. My mission was to make her cum at least one more time and for me to fill it to overflowing. I dug my nails into her ass cheeks and began to hammer away slow steady but with quick hard jabs of my hips.

"MMMMMMMMMMM," she moaned. "That's it lover fuck that ass... make love to it... hell brutalize the damn thing for all I care. Just make me cum!"

I built up the speed slowly savoring the pleasure she was giving me and her colored commentary was all the more appealing and fell somewhere between a lover and a drill instructor. 

"Fuck that ASS Nick... NNNNNNNNNNNNN Yessssss lover that's it..."

She was thrusting back as hard as she could meeting each of my forward thrusts. I felt the first tingling of my climax and was hoping I didn't cum before she did. But by the way she was panting I felt we would come at nearly the same time. 

"MMMMMM Deeper I need you deeper Nick," she said lowering her body until she was on her belly and then rolled onto her side and placed her upper leg over my shoulder. "MMMMM that's it now move closer... yes like that now.... UNNNNNNNNNNNNN fuck that's it!"

I thrust into her and another two inches of my cock slipped into her tight depths and damn it felt amazing. I thrust harder now and I watched as her eyes slowly closed and her body stiffened and her climax hit her full on. I kept hammering away at her ass and knew I was just seconds away. She opened her eyes and smiled cupping her tits and teasing her nipples.

"Shoot all over me Nick... spray my tits and face like the dirty little whore I am..." gone was the Irish accent and her entire demeanor seemed changed but eh what the hell.

When I could stand it no longer I yanked my cock free of her ass and aimed a torrent of cum that arced onto her tits and throat not quite making her face. Pity. Mary rubbed the cum in like it was suntan lotion and smiled almost demonically now.

"Pity I missed the majority of the show," she said and then I knew who and what I was dealing with. 

There was no other girl in the hot air balloon, Mary suffered from multiple personality disorder and I had just met the third girl living in Mary's skull.

"What's your name whore," I asked.

"MMMMMMMMMMM you can call me Caitlyn, and you must be Nick." She said moving to a sitting position.

"Yes indeed, I've met Mary but I am not sure who that was in the balloon..."

"Oh that was that simpering simpleton Sarah," Caitlyn spat out in disgust.

"I take it you two don't get along," I asked slipping back into the hot water of the tub to wash up. She followed my lead and dropped down below the water to clean the random bit of cum from her hair. Caitlyn rose out of the water in front of me and pressed herself against me and she was wearing her pouty face.

"It's not fair," she mourned. "I wake up with a nice fat cock in my ass and Mary get's all the attention."

"You are a dirty little whore; do you even deserve my attention?" I asked pushing her most obvious button. "I mean Mary is a very talented sucker of the cock... eh..."

"Are you saying even suggesting that I don't know my way around giving head," she roared.

"I'm not saying that, I'm just saying that once a girl deep throats the monster between my legs it leaves a lasting impression you know," I replied calmly.

"Trust me honey," she said showing her nails, "I know how to leave a lasting impression."

The sun had set long ago and I had lost count of my orgasms and left a sleeping sociopathic redhead dreaming deep and pleasantly satisfied... I hoped. What sane man marries a woman with eight different personalities? I mean really how fucking nuts do you have to be to want to come home to who knows what type of woman waiting for you. From the saintly and virginal Amy to the completely amoral and fit to tied and I do mean that literally, Chasey she ran the sexual as well as moral gambit. It's like playing Russian roulette with your cock. So after an afternoon of being sucked and fucked as well as clawed and scratched I was ready for a break. I borrowed one of her husband's robes and walked the quarter mile to the edge of the grove that held the Sentinel Trees. There were nine trees in all consisting of a ring of eight younger trees around a central beast of a tree that had to be three hundred feet tall. But to my surprise these monolithic beasts were not redwoods they were something else entirely. They were ash and the younger trees were massive on their own scale topping out at around two hundred feet. On the northern side of the grove between the central tree and its children was a stream fed pool that was shaped like a tear drop and due to the running water was not frozen over. When I stood at the far end of the pool and looked upstream at the path of the water it was amazingly straight for a natural formation if natural it was. 

"Amazing isn't it," a deep baritone voice said catching me completely off guard.

"Shit," I exclaimed, "you scared the piss out of me!"

"Sorry son, I forget how quiet it is up here."

I turned to see a man who appeared for all intents and purposes to have stepped out of the civil war era in his gray uniform and he even had his officer's hat in hand. He was a little taller than me and despite his white hair and eye patch which was heavily weathered leather he stood tall and unbent by his obvious years. 

"Sorry I snapped but like I said you startled me," I said. "My name's Nick Shaw."

"Nice to meet you Nick," he said offering his hand, "they call me Gadda Doin."

"A pleasure," I said and found he had a grip like iron. "Strong handshake you got there Gadda."

"You too Nick, so what brings you up to the trees so late," he asked.

"I would have been here earlier but I was distracted."

"That happens at the Stone Farm a lot these days," he said smiling. "I hope she didn't hurt ya."

"Nah, I'm tougher than I look." I told him and he nodded. "So you work at the Stone Farm?"

"Oh no, I have a cabin that borders the western edge of the property. Mary doesn't mind my visits to the trees and the memorial."

"Memorial," I said. "What memorial is that?"

Gadda Doin walked over to the other side of the circle opposite the pool and there was a simple yet lovingly crafted table weathered and ancient but in decent condition considering. It was an unusual table as it had five sides instead of four and carved deep into the wood were words. I had to get much closer to see that they were in fact names; five girl's names were etched into the wood and the same date. One of the last names was Stone and the date 1917.
