 Another installment as our story nears its climax. Please vote and comment so i know how well you are enjoying things. Suggestions are always welcome. I have added a list of major characters at the beginning to try and help keep things clearer.

*

Dramatis Personae: I hope this helps clear up any confusion 

Nick Shaw: Entrepreneur and Member of the 'Order'

Kat Shaw: Nick's Stepsister and Manager of Numenor Technology Arkham Mass.

Petra Shaw: 'Deceased' Stepmother 

Jesse: Computer Genius and Nick's Close Friend

Terry: Software Genius and Nick's Close Friend

William Bell Jr: Close Friend of Nick's and Avatar of the Eternal Master

Akira Kusanagi: Nephilim and Majestrix of the Sisterhood

Sora: Member of the Sisterhood and Kat's bodyguard

Mary Stone: Nephilim and Bakaret (Soul Thief)

Oswald Sebastian Kane or 'Oz': Nephilim (Via Professor Griffin's Serum) and general rogue

Quincy Morris or 'Quinn': Nephilim (Via the Bloodstone Ring) owner of Quinn's Emporium

Augustus Eisermann: Mayor of Hammerton Mo.

Celeste Eisermann: Daughter of Augustus Eisermann and Cyan Michaels

Cyan Michaels: Billionaire and Philanthropist 

Gadda Doin: Farmer/Recluse whose property borders Mary Stone's

Marie Dubois: Cajun and Member of the Sisterhood

Hermetic Order of the Silver Twilight: Secret Organization headed by the Eternal Master

Silent Shadows or the 'Sisterhood': female arm of the 'Order' who answer only to Nick

Nephilim: Hybrid offshoot of Humans and the Old Ones 

Old Ones: Ancient Race of Humanoids who origins date back to the Hyperbornean Age

*

The Observations of Marie Dubois:

Marie Dubois watched him as he practiced on the helipad. Sword in hand and naked from the waist up he was as handsome as the night she had discovered him tied to his bed and blindfolded for good measure. MMMMMMMMM that had been a night to remember and it still got her soaked thinking about his thick cock moving in and out of her. Oh she didn't know who he was at the time it wasn't until afterwards that she discovered his real identity and that surprised her. Marie thought he was one of Akira's many playthings whom she snuck on board from time to time to sate her darker needs. Marie knew the legends of the Revenants and their need for the blood of the living but she never guessed their hunger crossed to other vital fluids partners could provide. She learned it was the combination of the two that Lady Akira required to maintain herself and a mixture of blood and cum was her sole dietary requirement. She could eat and drink as others do but it was only for the experience not the nutrition it could provide. But Marie didn't question the Majestrix or her needs no matter how 'unique'. Besides who was she to judge? Marie had her own desires and there were deep, primal and at the moment bubbling up to the surface. She looked up and saw the light sheen of sweat on his body and a soft moan escaped her lips before she could stop it and he glanced over at her and smiled. Marie melted inside wanting another night of passion with the Master but she dare not approach him that would be unseemly and dangerous. He was after all spending most of his nights lately with the Lady Akira and when she slept he was ever so busy with the war in Iran. 

"Good, better... best," the Master said again and again.

She watched him stop in the middle of a sequence and make subtle adjustments then begin all over and perform the altered sequence with blistering speed. He spent hours perfecting his form and she suspected he was preparing for combat with an enemy that he would face alone. She worried about him and would eagerly lay her life down in his service for everything he and his predecessors had done for her family over the long years. 

"Marie is it," suddenly he had stopped and was winded from his long exercise. "Be a love and get me a couple towels and run me a shower."

"Yes Master," she said smiling.

She had the towels in his hands in less than a minute and raced down to his rooms to begin his shower. Marie waited until the temperature was just right. She was turning to leave when he arrived in the doorway and smiled at her.

"I don't suppose you'd like to scrub my back for me," he asked grinning.

"Anything that Master requires I am more than willing to help him with," she said blushing feverishly and feeling the heat between her legs rise.

"Good," he smiled mischievously and continued. "MMMMMM I don't suppose you can help me out of my ghi pants?"

"Oh of course Master," Marie slowly walked over and dropped to her knees and untied the cotton ties that acted as a belt and with some tugging loosened them enough for them to fall around his ankles.

His iron hard cock was there right in her face but she wasn't supposed to act unless instructed to do so. She wasn't supposed to lick her lips and do what she knew he was craving as much as she was. 

"Oh fuck it," Marie muttered as she reached up leisurely and wrapped her small hand around the shaft of his cock and squeezed and stroked him every so slowly. His soft moan set her on fire and she stroked him a little faster now as her tongue flickers over the tip tasting his precum. His moan now a growl of desire spurs her on towards deeper measures and inch by inch she lets his length slide down her throat. Marie feels his hands on either side of her head and he is thrusting his hips now fucking her throat in earnest. Her eyes close as she embraces the moment and he moans louder and louder as her licking and sucking begin to take their toll. 

"It appears Marie that this problem runs 'deeper' than I thought," He moaned as he eased his cock from her throat.

"How can I help sugah," she practically growled with need.

"Follow me," he said stepping into the shower and her behind him.

He spun on her and lifted her by her hips and even as her back hit the wall of the shower his cock slid inside of her.

"UNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN YESSSSSS lover... fuck me!" Marie howled.

He did he slammed his cock into her like a machine hammering, pounding taking his pleasure from her. Even as her eyes slipped shut her legs went around his waist as her arms went around his neck as her lips sought his. Marie nearly bit his lip when her first orgasm came crashing down over her and he never slowed his assault upon her pussy with his cock and she adored him all the more for it. When she could breathe again he lowered her down so she could be spun around and fucked from behind. With tits pressed hard against the cold wall he rammed his cock into her in hard slow thrusts of his hips. Her grunts coincided with each and every thrust and even as his cock began to swell inside of her signaling his own orgasm Lady Akira appeared out of nowhere and watched as he fucked Marie rotten.

"You seem stressed Master," Lady Akira said observing the intensity of his love making.

"A bit," he said through clenched teeth as his climax got closer and closer.

"I am sorry I was unavailable, you know how crazy busy things have been since the prison thing and now the war with Iran."

"MMMMMMHMMMMMMMMM," the Master said as he thrust hard enough to lift Marie off her feet.

"I think she's about to cum again," the Lady observed. "Are you going to fill her pussy with your cum Kouryou?"

"UNNNNNNHUH," he moaned.

"Is her pussy tight and snug around your fat cock," she asked slipping off her top revealing hard nipples.

"YESSSSSSSS," he growled so very close to coming.

"MMMMMMMMMMM," the Lady purred in his ear. "Are you going to fuck her ass after this?" her slacks hit the bathroom floor with a soft sound.

"MMMMMMMMMMaybe," he grunted as his hips moved faster and harder now.

"Come on baby fill her pussy," the Lady purred in his ear her body so close to Marie's now.

Akira cupped Marie's tits and began to play with her nipples and the soft moans that drifted up passed the slapping sound of the bodies meeting over and over were barely audible.

"Fuck her lover," Akira groaned. "Make her scream when you shoot inside of her."

"Almost there... almost there... UNNNNNNNNNNNNN YESSSSSSSSSSSS," the Master howled as he drove his hips into Marie one last time and his sperm pulsed inside of her and Marie's own scream was swallowed up by his.

"MMMMMMMMM damn Kouryou that was fucking hot," Akira purred.

Marie's knees almost buckled as the pleasure from this last orgasm nearly robbed her of what little strength that remained. Once his hardness left her Marie did slide to the floor of the shower and to her surprise the Master and Lady Akira sat down next to her one on either side. They both planted butterfly kisses over her sensitive flesh and made her moan despite her weakened state. 

"I think she needs to rest lover," Akira offered.

"MMMMMMM good, I hope you enjoyed our little visit Marie," he asked her.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMM oh you bet I did sweetie," Marie Dubois managed to whisper.

"Is that the proper way of thanking the Master," Akira asked smiling.

Marie thought about it for a long moment before shifting her position so that her head was in Nick's lap and began cleaning every last drop of cum and her pussy juices from his cock.

"How is that sugah," Marie asked.

"Nice touch, now get some sleep I will need your lips around my cock for my wakeup call tomorrow morning," he said matter of factly.

"MMMMMMM yes lover, what time shall I wake you?"

"I believe seven o'clock will be fine," he moaned in her ear.

"I will be there will bells on," Marie said rising on unsteady feet and leaving the pair alone on the shower's floor.

Marie arrived promptly at two minutes before seven the next morning her nipples painfully hard and her sex so slick juices were running down her inner thigh. She opened the door as quietly as she could and closed it just as silently behind her. Marie crept into his bedroom and there he lay under a single silken sheet and the tent his hard flesh was making was profound indeed. She slipped out of the robe she was wearing and gingerly pulled the sheet from his body until his cock was accessible. The she mounted the bed from the foot and slowly climbed up his body until her mouth was over his iron hard cock. Marie wrapped her fist around it and lowered her mouth to the tip and began her wake up call. Immediately the Master was moaning and groaning as her tongue teased his sensitive tip. As she began to stroke him there appeared in the air above them a gleaming figure with mirror bright skin.

"Master Nick... oh my... I am so sorry to interrupt," it began but the Master's eyes snapped open and he smiled up at his avatar.

"No problem Surfer, I'd like you to meet Marie Dubois she is playing the role of my alarm clock this morning aren't you Marie?"

"You bet I am sugah," she said after letting his cock pop out of her mouth.

"You have a report Surfer," the Master asked even as he gently tapped Marie's lips and cheeks with the tip of his penis.

"UMMMM Yes Milord," he said distracted.

"Something wrong Surfer?"

"Ever since my latest update and migrating to the new crystal I have had these strange dreams and desires and I just don't understand them." He said concerned.

"What kind of dreams Surfer," the Master asked.

"Well, in a word erotic ones Master," Surfer explained embarrassed.

"OH," the Master said surprised. "Heterosexual ones I assume?"

"Oh yes, very..." he said licking his lips seeing Marie's sex so easily accessible. "Is that an error in my programming?"

"No Surfer just an upgrade tell you what why don't you just give it a whirl," the Master said grinning wider now.

"Milord," the Surfer said confused.

"Is your cock hard Surfer watching Marie here suck me off?"

"Yes Sir it is," he admitted.

"Then do what comes natural," the Master advised.

"If you think that it would okay," the gleaming avatar said unsure.

"Marie here would love a nice hard cock inside of her see how wet she is."

"She appears quite ready for intercourse," Surfer said moving behind Marie. "I will try."

With no more warning than that the Surfer removed his loin cloth exposing his gleaming manhood and slowly eased into Marie from behind. They both moaned as he stretched her and filled her as well if not just a bit more than the Master.

"So?"

"OH MILORD, this is like nothing I have ever dreamed of," Surfer moaned as he began to slowly move his hips.

Marie was moaning loudly and deep throating her Master while the gleaming god of silvery sex fucked her from behind. He moved ever so slowly at first taking in every subtle nuance of her body as his cock pierced her again and again.

"I see why people enjoy sex so much Master," Surfer moaned.

"You have a report to give Surfer," the Master asked and despite the detailed information he was giving her lover never missed a single thrust and he seemed able to sense when to drive his cock deeper or move his hips faster. Marie was in lust!

"In a nut shell we have found a strange magnetic anomaly in the deep desert and the probe cannot enter for fear of malfunctioning. The strange thing is that the perimeter of the anomaly does not show up on satellite imagery. Whatever lies in that two mile area is neither visible from the ground nor the air," Surfer explained.

"Really," the Master moaned as his climax began to tickle his toes. "God damn the girl knows how to suck a dick. Sorry do you still have the coordinates where the Numenor lost GPS?"

"Yes Master... UNNNNNN she is squeezing me with her sex Sir!"

"HEHE, okay send the probe to that location I think it's time we meet face to face."

"Meet Milord meet who," Surfer asked not missing a beat with the thrusts of his hips.

"Why the Eternal Master Surfer," Nick explained.

"Shall I leave Master," Surfer asked.

"UMMMMM let me asked this delicately, have you finished yet Surfer?"

"Not yet no Milord," he said with a wry little grin.

"Well we wouldn't want your first sexual encounter incomplete now would we? Why don't you see how loud you can make her scream eh," the Master offered.

The cool metallic hands of the avatar settled onto Marie's hips and he began fucking her with his undivided attention and his cock found all the sweet spots with unerring precision. He was most definitely rubbing her the right way. Marie drove her hips back against her partner while she continued to deep throat her Master who was close to climaxing by the way his cock was swelling in her throat. She pulled her head up and jacked him off as fast as her fist could move while she lovingly wrapped her lips around the head of his magnificent cock. Somewhere her world went all wonky as three things happened at the exact same moment. First her Master cried out and a torrent of delicious cum hit the back of her throat. Second her silvery lover drove his hips into her and she felt another load of cum sprayed her insides. Lastly her own climax had snuck up on her and with body shaking force Marie climaxed like nothing she had experienced in a very long time. Mutual climaxes were unusual but three people at the very same moment it was nothing short of miraculous to Marie Dubois. Of course to Surfer it was all numbers. He was able to read both the Master and Marie and time his thrusts to maximize efficiency to the utmost so that everyone achieved orgasm at the same moment and thus everyone was happy and he could move on to his next task fulfilled in a way he never dreamed of.

Poof the iron hard cock was gone from her pussy and Marie was a little disappointed at that but Nick was more than a little eager to fill that void for her. But the strange conversation still left her confused but not for long Master's cock drove those thoughts away quickly enough.

A few days later a helicopter arrived and Marie was summoned to off load the contents to a modified cabin on the first floor of the Numenor. It was clear to anyone that Master Nick was arming the yacht for war. There were lockers installed and weapon racks to hold both rifle and pistols, enough to arm the entire crew a couple of times over. As the crates were opened Marie stared at the rifles and pistols with great curiosity. She had learned how to shoot from an early age and it was one of her edges over some of the other girls who were very skilled at hand to hand combat she was equal to any military marksman and probably exceeded many out of sheer talent. But in all her years she had never seen a weapon like the rifle she lifted from the crate. It was incredibly light made of some composite of ceramic and alloy. But it was the queer circular thingy just above and in front of the trigger assembly that baffled her. Then she looked closer at the barrel and saw the unique rectangular shape that was perhaps half an inch high and two inches wide. 

"Master Nick, what the fuck is this?"

"You are holding in your hands a Numenor Technology Shuriken Rifle," he said grinning. "I knew you notice it before anyone else did."

"No disrespect Sugah but that didn't answer my question... what the fuck is this?"

"It's a personal rail gun," he smiled even broader. "It fires a ceramic alloy round at about twice the velocity as an M-16."

"Get the fuck out," she said smiling. "The Navy has been researching these bad boys for like a decade or more and they never did figure out how to make them smaller than a anti-aircraft piece."

"How about we do some target practice topside and you show me how good a shot you are?" He offered and Marie shouldered the rifle and grabbed what she assumed was a couple of clips full of ammunition.

The pair stood on the smaller helipad and near the outer edge was a clay target thrower. Marie took the rifle into her hands and looked it over with a keen eye and nodded to herself before she turned to Nick and raised her eyebrow. 

"Okay quit the teasing Sugah show me how this bad boy works," she said with her head cocked to the side and a brilliant smile.

"Here we go," Nick said moving to stand next to her. "This is the safety; once you initiate this the weapon goes hot." He said shifting it to on position and the weapon let out a low whine and it vibrated softly in her hands.

"Whoa, what the fuck was that?" She half moaned.

"That would be the power plant coming online and the magnetic coils warming up," Nick said softly.

"Power plant, magnetic coils... okay not a redneck's weapon of choice but I follow you. Where's the power source?" She asked caressing the stock.

"You just ran your hand over it; the tiny generator is hidden in the stock and cannot engage until a clip is in the weapon. The clip completes the circuit and makes it ready to fire. Now try and fire it."

"Try, I will more than try Sugah," she said grinning as Nick walked over and prepared to launch a clay target when she was ready. "Pull."

The target flew into the air and Marie tracked the clay disc and when she was ready squeezed the trigger but nothing happened.

"What the hell," she cursed.

"That's what happens when someone not authorized to handle one of those handles one of those bad boys." He said as she walked over and laid his hand on the stock and there was a soft beep. "Authorize new user," Nick said clearly and that was followed by a double beep. "Okay she's all yours. Let's try that again shall we?"

He returned to stand next to the thrower and waited for her command.

"Pull," she said and once again a clay disc soared through the air but this time when she pulled the trigger there was a slight vibration that shook the weapon but hardly noticeable to anything she would have described as kick. The projectile nicked the disc but didn't do any real damage. "Okay I was leading the target too much... pull."

This time the target, as the hypersonic projectile made contact with it, disintegrated pulverized by the massive amount of kinetic energy that passed through its fragile structure. Marie whooped and hollered at the results.
