 Sorry for the delay but gathering up loose ends with the storyline. Hope you enjoy. Please vote and comment so I can see how well you like or dislike the storyline. I have added dates to the story this time to keep some continuity. Hope it helps. 




Lost But Not Forgotten:
September 1, 2012

Akira Kusanagi stood behind her Master and took the ceremonial mask from his head as he sat down after meeting with one of the temporal masters who was an elder member of the Saudi royal family. She lovingly ran a finger over the features of the ebony mask and let out a heavy sigh. Nick Shaw, the Hidden Master, turned and looked at her with a look that was part concern and part trepidation. 

"Master," Akira said her voice trembling. "Have I displeased you these last few weeks? Have I somehow driven a wedge between us?" Her voice cracked and she dropped to her knees and began to sob. "What can I do to fix this rift between us?"

Nick was suddenly kneeling beside her and taking her into his arms he had moved so very fast she had barely registered it. But all that really mattered was that his strong arms were around her and his lips were by her ear.

"SHHHHH," he said so soothingly. "It's going to be okay, it's not you Akira it's me. I am not myself. Just give me another week and everything will be back to the way it was... I hope."

"You don't sound so sure of yourself Kouryou," she whispered. "What's wrong, you have gotten into this terrible habit of shutting me out. I am your sword arm, I am your confidant and I can't help if I don't know what's going on."

"We are here to recover the Iram stone Akira," Nick explained. "The rest will work itself out I am sure. No, more than that, I know they will settle down and things will be better than before."

"I trust you Kouryou," she said kissing his neck and hearing the soft moan escape his lips. "I knew it you still hunger for me! Take me lover it has been so very long..."

Then Nick did the strangest thing he moved away enough to be able to look Akira straight in the eye and said these words.

"If we make love will you forgive me later," he asked.

"Why would you need forgiving Kouryou," she responded as if slapped in the face.

"If you tell me that you will forgive me anything I would tear down the pillars of heaven and level the gates of hell for you." Her kiss was answer enough.

As her arms slipped around his neck he slid his fingers into her hair and made a gentle fist. She moaned into his mouth as his free hand tore open her blouse sending buttons flying everywhere. Her hands joined his as she untied the silken sash that held his ceremonial robe closed and she pushed it off his shoulders and onto the floor. With a loving shove she pushed Nick onto his back as she pressed her nipples against his chest as her fingers diligently worked at the knot that stood between her and ecstasy. 

"Don't move a muscle let me do everything," Akira moaned and he nodded and lay back.

The stubborn knot finally yielded to her persistence and she tugged the silken pants off of him and gazed down then licked her lips. 'All mine' she mouthed before lowering her lips to worship his hardened flesh with hands, mouth and tits. She deepthroated him in one smooth action loving the feel of him as he popped into her throat; Akira's head bobbed up and down on him her almond shaped eyes so dark and hungry never leaving his. He could almost hear her thoughts screaming 'look at me as I make love to your cock'. When the shaft was slick enough she wrapped her firm tits around him and rocked up and down letting them give him pleasure wanting him to cum and spray her tits and face. It had been so long she wanted to do everything for him and to him. As his cock slid between her breasts she would flicker her tongue over the sensitive head when it poked out and watched as Nick shivered with delight at this simple yet intimate pleasure. Akira now cupped her tits and rubbed them independently around and over his cock watching her Master and lover begin to pant and moan as his climax got closer by the second. Her eyes grew bright with lust as she took him in hand and jacked him off his cock aimed at her face. Faster her hand went and his moans got louder and louder until with a guttural cry pulses of hot cum splashed against her cheeks and open mouth. She licked and sucked him clean before taking care of her own. Akira watched Nick's chest rise and fall as he slowly caught his breath and was ready to feel him inside of her. She tugged at his ankles making him lay flat now and slowly climbed up his body serpentine like rubbing her entire body against his as she went. By the time she was in position is cock was raging hard again and eager to pierce her to the core. Akira took Nick in her hand and slowly stroked him from base to tip as her other hand teased her clit and pussy. She was already soaked and her body more than ready to receive him but she wanted to make them wait. Anticipation is the core of great sex and she wanted him to remember this night for a very long time. As her hand moved up and down on him she saw precum ooze from the tip and she took a finger slick with her own juices and scooped it up and slid it between her lips and tasted their essence. She never said a word she only rose up and aimed him between her pussy lips and lowered ever so slowly. Nick's cock was buried deep in her and she just sat there reveling in their joining. Akira began to undulate her hips driving him in and out of her in small motions letting her pussy caress and pleasure him. He made soft pleading noises but she ignored him she was lost in her own moment and was taking her own delight as she fucked him. Slowly Akira adjusted the length of her movements allowing most of him to slide in and out of her. She was panting alongside of Nick as they were both getting close to coming. When he was very close she began squeezing him with her pussy and his eyes lit up at the new level of sensation she gave him and it wasn't long before she felt his cock swelling inside of her. Akira's own climax was only moments away and she wanted to time it just right. She was unaware of her own noises she was making as she got closer and closer to her orgasm but Nick didn't miss it. Just as she was squeezing him he began flexing his cock when it was deep inside of her and the combination of the two was just enough to push them both over the edge at the exact same moment. The single cry that rose up from the pair was both harmonious and a thing of pure primal lust. Akira lay on top of Nick both of them breathing hard and covered in a light layer of sweat. 

"That was a good beginning but I am nowhere near done with you my love," she moaned in his ear.

"MMMMMMMMM," he purred back. "I can hardly wait."

September 5, 2012

The caravan of vehicles arrived at the location and the blasted area looked like something out of Dante's Inferno where the souls of the damned were made to wander some endless featureless wasteland. The doors to the lead vehicle opened and both driver and passenger stepped down and out of the large truck. Nick and Akira now wearing protective clothing from the unrelenting sun checked the GPS coordinates. 

"Damn it's hot," Nick cursed.

"Not as hot as me," Akira purred.

"That's true, but this is more of a dry heat," Nick said smiling from ear to ear. "According to the probe the city of Iram should be that direction. Let's see if one of the vehicles can enter without dying otherwise this is going to be a whole lot more difficult than I planned."

Akira got on her radio and informed the caravan that her and Nick were going to attempt to enter the area of disturbance and if all went well the others could follow. The pair climbed back into their truck and moved forward at a slow pace just in case. After a thousand yards and only losing their GPS signal they decided it was safe for the rest of the vehicles to follow. Akira radioed the others and soon their caravan was once more a cohesive unit and they were on their way to what they hoped was the lost city. 

"Kouryou, does the royal family have any idea what you are going to remove once we reach our destination," she asked Nick.

"Nope, well at least I hope not. I was given all the paperwork to remove the artifact from their soil. Let's just hope they don't change their mind."

"Do you know what is waiting for us," she asked a hint of caution in her voice.

"Legend says that King Solomon summoned an army of Djinn and forced them to build the most beautiful city they could. But the Djinn chose the spot and it rested over the remains of a prehuman city that contained a slumbering evil. Once the city was complete and the people moved in the evil awoke and corrupted many before it was abandoned to the fury of the desert."

"Sounds like we might have our hands full, um Kouryou what's a Djinn?"

"It's another word for genie or demon of the air depending upon who you ask," Nick said smiling. "The Nephilim ever run into anything like that?"

"I've never heard of demons of the air being real but slumbering evils that could be a lot of things. If they ran into an antediluvian Nephilim that would definitely fall under that description," Akira said quite seriously.

"But I thought they were all dead," Nick said.

"They are supposed to be all dead, supposed to and being are two different animals."

"I look forward to seeing what surprises await us," he said with a brave smile.

They drove on for another half hour or so Nick driving and trying his best to keep a straight heading while Akira played navigator and attempted to see landmarks that looked promising.

"So why did you bring this Professor Nichols along for if you don't mind my asking," Akira asked after a very long silence.

"We need an actual archaeologist to verify the dig site and someone has to take credit for finding it. We are here for the obelisk that's all. She can have all the glory and think of how happy the royal family will be if we do find the city. The national treasure it will become."

"It's because she's a redhead isn't it," Akira asked.

"What," Nick replied.

"Or is it her young firm tits," Akira continued.

"Or maybe it's the fact that she is only twenty five and has multiple doctorates in her field?"

"It's her ass isn't it, so nice and round and perfect for smacking while you're behind her..."

"Jeez Akira does everything break down to sex with you," he asked laughing hard now.

"No, but for you it does."

"Okay, it's the trifecta... plus she's really fucking cute."

"I knew it, so have you fucked her yet," Akira purred in his ear.

"No," he smiled. "Not yet."

Another forty five minutes later and the flat mostly featureless desert began to slowly alter and what had to have been an ancient road took form off to the left and a little ways after that the ground raised slowly but steadily. They went on for another mile or two and topped a rise marked on either side by two enormous pillars of weathered stone. Beyond the pillars was the city of Iram and it didn't take much imagination to envision what it would have looked like newly built. Hundreds of pillars lay about in the bowl shaped depression. Some were still standing most lay like fallen titans victims to wind and sand and sun. 

"Holy shit we found it," Akira said and Nick could only nod a sense of dread filling him almost immediately.

"Alright lets head on in and find our prize," Nick said his mood muted and he could imagine some primeval presence slumbering beneath rock and dune. "Radio the others and tell them we do this by the numbers and no running off."

"Yes Master," Akira said her smile undiminished.

The motorized caravan entered the lost city and their presence did not go unnoticed. Carefully they weaved their way through the cyclopean stones that lay fallen and shattered and it was near sunset before they arrived at the center of the city and the massive temple half buried in sand that was their destination. Everyone disembarked from the vehicles and Professor Nichols was absolutely bubbling at the remarkable condition of the city.

"This is amazing," she was saying over and over again. "I have never seen this type of stone work in my life. There are no books or even hints that the people of this city were this gifted at quarrying, cutting and raising such massive pillars."

"Unless you believe that the Djinn were the ones responsible," Nick offered.

"Nonsense you don't believe in monsters do you Mr. Shaw," she asked.

"Call me Nick and I will tell you this there are stranger things out there than you know."

The woman looked at him and saw the seriousness of his expression and didn't laugh as she was want to do she just nodded and kept her silence.

"Mr. Shaw Sir," one of the native workmen pointed at the horizon and the queer cloudlike formation that seemed to be blotting out the setting sun. "Sandstorm and a bad one, we should get back to the vehicles before it hits. We can dig out in the morning after it passes."

"You heard him, everyone back in the trucks and hunker down for the night," Nick shouted over the ever growing wind.

"Um Nick," Professor Nichols said laying a hand on his arm. "Can I bunk in your truck tonight? I'd like to pick your brain about how you knew this city was here?"

"Sure there is room for three," Nick said as he headed for the lead vehicle missing her look of disappointment.

"Mr. Shaw perhaps I should double check provisions in the back of the truck and make sure everything is tied down." Akira said not bothering to hide her smile.

"Well it looks like it's just us," Nick said.

The storm hit much quicker than anyone expected and soon there was only the perpetual keening of the wind and the sound of sand blasting across every surface of the vehicles. Nick and the Professor were huddled together as he held her.

"I hate loud noises, I survived a tornado when I was a kid and this sort of thing just slips right passed my defenses," she admitted to Nick.

"You have nothing to worry about nothing is going to happen to you," he promised.

"I believe you Nick," she said smiling weakly before a particularly loud gust sent her deeper into his embrace.

"Why don't you ask me some of those questions that are burning away in that fine mind of yours?"

"Okay, I did my research on you after you contacted me and I would like to know how men as young as you are managed to rewrite the entire book on computer technology."

"I get that question a lot," Nick said. "You want the truth?"

"Of course," she said smiling.

"My friend Jesse in his freshmen year at the Bastille found a crystal that was thousands of years old. Inside of that crystal was a digital intelligence that helped us develop this ground breaking technology."

"Seriously now," she said but then looked at him and thought he just might be telling her the truth. "How could ancient man develop crystal technology? Supposing that what you are telling me is true."

"I never said it was humans who created that crystal," Nick said. "How old is our planet?"

"Four and a half billion years give or take."

"Okay and how many extinction level events have there been? Now before you answer that just think about this. What if a race managed to survive just one of those events? What if that race was more or less human in appearance? Now imagine that they weren't driven by territory or lust for power or general stupidity. What might a race like that accomplish?"

"I can't tell if you are serious or just messing with me," she said.

"I am just offering a possible scenario for a history of a people who built this city that has so enthralled you."

"There is one thing that is bothering me, how did you know this place was here? I mean it doesn't show up on satellite imagery, I know I checked."

"Do you know why the GPS quit working once we got close?"

"No idea," she admitted.

"Meteor strike, a big enough strike would leave a large magnetic field that distorts not only the earth in the surrounding region but I suspect it is also responsible for the lack of aerial photography."

"Hmm some sort of optical distortion field but covering so large an area that's just crazy."

"And yet here we are," Nick said smiling.

"Is it true that you built all those plants at below cost," she asked out of the blue.

"You mean the desalinization plants?"

"Yeah those," she said.

"Yep, water is a serious problem and will only get worse. Someone needed to do something."

"All those jobs, and all those people you are helping and not a cent of profit ever."

"There are some things more important than money," Nick said seriously.

"Is that why you went into the arms business, so you could protect those plants from people that would try and take them over?"

"How very insightful," he said looking at her with renewed wonder. "That is exactly why I did what I did. I am not a warmonger but the world is an ugly place and there are people out there that would try and take control of those plants for their own reasons that have nothing to do with a humanitarian cause."

"And you are still single," she said with an evil smile on her kissable lips.

"Yep, not ready to settle down just quite yet," Nick admitted.

"You must have women throwing themselves at you all the time," she pouted.

"Oh yes hundreds maybe thousands there have been so many," he joked. "No with running a company and with everything else on my plate way too busy for..."

He never finished his statement as she leaned up and stole his words away with a single kiss. But the hunger and passion behind it ignited the sensual powder keg that had been building up tension since she sat down next to him. She shifted so that she was straddling him and began to unbutton his shirt as he did the same with her. Soon her front hook bra was undone and his hands were full of her luscious breasts which he weighed in his hands before caressing and teasing them. She broke the kiss and looked down at him as she reached up to take her glasses off so they wouldn't get broken in the upcoming sexual melee.

"You like my tits," she moaned as Nick leaned down and began to kiss and suckle them. "MMMMMMMMMM yes lover I love it when a man makes love to them!"

She reached between them and undid his belt and pants and eventually freed his iron hard flesh. 

"Oh MY, what a monster you've got there Nick... I don't know if I can get all of that down my throat... but I'll give it the old college try!"

The Professor moved back to her seat and finished undressing while Nick did the same and soon she was kneeling on her seat with her head between Nicks's legs licking and sucking him as if she hadn't been laid in years. Nick freed her long auburn locks and began to play with her hair as she slowly eased more and more of him down her talented throat. Wanting to see what sort of lover she liked he slid his fingers into her mane and made a fist and began to slowly tighten it until she let out a long low moan. 

"Excellent, I love a woman who needs a firm hand," Nick moaned as her mouth and tongue pleasured him. "Speaking of firm hand," he said as he reached over and took a handful of ass flesh and began kneading it and then gave her a healthy swat on the ass.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM," she moaned as he continued to tease her ass.

After a little while Nick found her soaked pussy lips and slid two fingers into her and began to slowly return the pleasure she was giving him.

"UNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN," her mouth left his cock for a moment. "If you keep doing that I am going to..." but Nick still having a firm grip on her head pushed her back down on his cock as he continued fingering her. "MMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNNNNN"

She moaned as her hips bucked and her orgasm came crashing down over her. Once she was recovered she pulled her head up and looked Nick in the eye.
