 Here's the current installment I hope you enjoy.

As always please vote and comment and tell me how you like the storyline. Suggestions are always welcome.

*

October 6, 2012

Lost But Not Forgotten:

Nick followed the water upstream for miles until it reached the outermost ring of water. This lake was wide and deep and with no mode of transportation it appeared he might be swimming the distance unless he discovered another way. He decided to the leave the stream that cut arrow straight to the center to see if there were any piers or boats beached somewhere else along this side of the lake. Nick had to admit that at least the weather was nice and no tropical storms or adverse conditions were threatening the island. 

He was alone with his thoughts and they were turning to the outside world and impact of Project Aries. Nick wondered how high the death toll would reach before people realized what was happening. It was true the original project had been stumbled upon by James but it was Nick's foresight and problem solving that allowed it to reach fruition. The government hadn't used it because they hadn't been able to control it with the creation of a vaccine. But with the help of the avatars and an unlikely ally, the Old Ones, a better more controllable virus had been developed along with a vaccine. The catch was that you had to be given the vaccine first otherwise it was ineffective. Nick and the trusted few had been inoculated and then before leaving the ship he had checked his watch and saw that the deadline had passed and the canisters containing Project Aries had been triggered worldwide. Oh the nano-virus wouldn't kill everyone but it had the potential to and that was the staggering power of the solution that Nick had created. He hoped that after his meeting with the Eternal Master that he had shoulders wide enough to accept the responsibility and perhaps even the blame should someone discovers what he had done. 

As he walked the circuit around the lake every thousand feet or so he passed a decorative stone pillar done in similar fashion to the black obelisks but carved from local volcanic stone. The obsidian pillars were polished to a glass like finish and etched with curious Egyptian like hieroglyphics. After the fourth pillar had been passed Nick was no longer alone. 

"Really are you going to walk by every means of crossing this lake until you return to your starting point," Lilith asked.

Nick turned and saw his favorite female avatar matching him stride for stride. She was much changed from the typical sultry form he was accustomed to. She was nearly as tall as he was and sporting shiny black horns that poked out from her blonde hair. Gone were her normal colored eyes they were now a molten gold with black sclera. Lilith was as buxom as he remembered but the piercings and skull heads adorning her nipples were new. As was the blood red skirt that covered her pubic region and the crack of her ass, the sides were open and did little to keep him from peeking. The last and most drastic alteration to her form were the massive bat wings and cloven hooves; which were the color of a night sky.

"What's with the new look," Nick asked.

"Actually it's an old look," she replied. "Since my last visit didn't go shall we say splendid; I was commanded by the Master of the Isle that if ever I should set foot here this is how I should appear."

"You look like a succubus," he said admiring her ruddy colored skin.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMM I see that you like it so I shan't be upset then."

"So you know who the Eternal Master is," Nick asked raising an eyebrow.

"Oh no you don't," she waggled a finger in his face. "Don't give me 'that' look. Even I have my limits on what I might share with a new master."

"Okay," Nick smiled. "Can you help me across this lake?"

"That I can do," she said stopping and heading back towards the nearest pillar.

Nick followed her enjoying the view as she wiggled and sauntered her way down the beach.

"I always knew you were an ass man Master," she said over her shoulder.

"You will get no argument from me," Nick said licking his lips.

It was a short walk to the pillar and she did a strange thing she laid her hand upon one side of it and said...

"I require a Navigator."

The top of the pillar lit up and a man who appeared to be in his sixties or so dressed in a Romanesque toga bowed and greeted them.

"I am Gaius Octavia and how may I be of service?"

"We require transportation to the inner circle we are expected," Lilith replied.

"The young Master is most assuredly expected but YOU, hehe, I do not think HE will want to see YOU."

"She belongs to me," Nick said.

"Oh my most sincere apologies young Master," Gaius bowed low and appeared genuinely sorrowful. "Had I known that she was your property I would not have spoken out of turn, please forgive."

"No apologies are needed but my feet are getting sore and standing around here is not doing my mood any good."

"Yes... of course... let me summon transportation." Gaius turned to face the lake and let out a ruby whistle and an ancient boat that reminded Nick of the story of Charon and the River Styx came to mind. 

"Do we pay the ferryman," Nick asked.

"No, but I do see the similarity Master," Lilith mused.

"Oh good I am glad it's not just me," he said feeling a bit of his tension fade.

The skiff pulled up to the shore and Nick and Lilith stepped aboard and with no one at the helm it turned around and headed for the stream that Nick had first discovered. 

"We are heading for that stream I found," Nick told Lilith.

"It is called the Grand Canal and is the quickest way from the outermost part of the island to the center." Lilith explained.

"So who built this place," Nick asked looking at the hints of buildings that the jungle had grown up over.

"That is a very long story Master," Lilith. "It spans millions of years since this island was formed by a massive meteor strike that cleaved the ocean floor and the resulting tidal wave did so much damage. Then the Titans of the Deep rose from their fiery lair and formed and shaped the island as you see it today."

"Titans of the Deep," Nick asked.

"We do not often speak of them. There are forces that sleep Master, forces so ancient and alien that to even think upon them is to rouse their unwavering attention. You are to them as a gnat and with an unconscious effort they could end you."

"So 'they' formed the island, you mean the concentric rings?"

"Yes 'they' are fond of geometric shapes. When the isle had cooled and had become stable the Old Ones and a few others came here and made it a sanctuary and a school. Here in the Long Years they shared their wisdom with humans and the like."

"Long Years, Abaxxa used that term," Nick commented.

"Abraxxa, she is a servant of the Titans and not to be trusted Master," Lilith said adamantly. "The Long Years is a term for a time so vast that it is difficult to calculate."

"Got it, please continue."

"The brightest and those showing the most potential were brought here to live learn and master their talents. Whether it was Math, Science, Music or even Meditation if there was a child who showed a gift here it was nurtured until..."

"Until what," Nick asked.

"Until the day that the Master of the Isle broke faith and aided the enemy of all living things," Lilith whispered.

"The Nephilim," he said.

"That is what we call them now but in those days they were the Akhkharu. Those abominations created by the Promethean in a moment of weakness. They have been a bane to Old Ones, Humanity and others alike."

"Others," Nick asked.

"If we survive this I will share more about the others but that is not important now. The Old Ones rose up a flood and drowned the Akhkharu to the last or so it was thought. At least one managed to survive and she was mother of nightmares. The Master of the Isle found her washed up upon these very shores and instead of finishing what the Old Ones started her beauty bewitched him and he nurtured her back to health and worse fathered those that haunt the cities and dark places of the world. It was his seed that stabilized the race made them reasoning creatures and oh so more dangerous. They departed the Isle never to return but in a moment of clarity and reason the Master sealed the Last in a silver sarcophagus for all time so that her terror would never spread again."

"And what about the Bloodstone Ring," Nick asked.

"That, which was the Eternal Master's first ring he ever wore. It was what allowed him to survive the long centuries before he secured the Obelisk."

"So he is a Nephilim," he asked.

"No longer he cured himself of that by an ancient purification rite and trod the path of blood no more. When the Old Ones learned what he had done the Isle was abandoned and for his hubris the Master was scorned by the wise and left to his own devices unless he somehow made penance and killed the Dark Mother."

"I take it he hasn't done that," Nick said.

"No and he never will, if you wish to become Master of the Isle she must perish Master."

"I never said that was my goal, I came here to confront him and learn why he did all that he did."

"Good luck on that front his mind is nearly as complex as..."

"STOP the skiff," Nick hollered.

Lilith gestured at the rear of the boat and it stopped but continued to move along the current backwards now.

"I want to get up there," Nick said pointing to the top of a heavily overgrown bluff.

"Okay... why," Lilith asked.

"I can see something glinting through the trees I want to investigate."

"Alright, shall I stay here and guard the skiff?"

"Do what you want," Nick said as he untied his silk sash and tied off his katana so he could wear it over his shoulder. 

Lilith directed the boat to a spot close to one of the largest roots and there it would stay until Nick's return. He leapt from the boat and grabbed a large root that was hanging from the side of the bluff and using it like a rope he began to make his way upwards. Lilith simply sat in the skiff and watched her Master being unpredictable as always. He covered the thirty feet in good time and was soon waving from the top of the bluff and then disappearing from her line of sight. Nick weaved his way through the overgrown jungle to the glittering edifice that was a building in bygone days. Even though the structure had been abandoned thousands of years ago what was visible appeared untouched by time and weather unlike the Lost City of Iram. There was an open doorway illuminated by the slanted rays of sunlight that managed to penetrate the dense foliage. Nick entered cautiously his gaze taking in every detail of the amazing architecture. The interior was without a single crossbeam or strut or any sign of bracing to keep the free standing walls from collapsing. He slowly moved to the center of the only floor and when he finally looked down he gasped at the intricate design cut into the glass like substance. There were eight curved lines that met in the center of the floor and between these main lines were thousands of tiny laser-thin lines forming an amazing geometric symmetry. 

"How can I be of help Sir," the voice was heard scant seconds before the holographic figure appeared.

"What is this place," Nick asked and again sound preceded the movement of his lips.

"It is whatever you require Sir," the avatar explained. "I am sorry my holographic matrix seems to be a little out of sync."

"Can you please explain what you mean by whatever I require?"

"Ah, this structure is polymorphic in nature and so its use is dictated by those that enter."

"So if I needed a dojo you could create one for me," Nick asked.

"Exactly Sir," the avatar was finally speaking in time with his image.

"Can you create a place to perform music?"

"Oh YES Sir," the holographic features shifted into a beaming smile. "Please stand back and observe."

Nick moved to the entrance and once he was ready there came a very familiar thrum of power from the floor and the geometric pieces that formed the clear mosaic began to vibrate and then flew into the air. The clinking sound of ten thousand pieces of transparent material filled the air and where they touched they became one piece of glass. Larger and larger pieces formed until a geodesic dome like structure formed above Nick and he was all smiles. What seemed to have taken forever were just a few minutes and the hologram waved him over and each footstep was like a symphony of music. Then he looked down once more and saw that each piece of crystal-like flooring lit up and gave off a perfect tone. 

"Amazing," Nick gasped and his voice seemed to hang in the air for long moments.

"Thank you Sir," the avatar said bowing low.

"Can you teach me how to sing," Nick asked.

"Sir," the hologram asked blushing. "You would grant me that great honor?"

"If you think you can manage with the raw material you have to work with," Nick said.

"But Sir has a fine voice it would take little to improve upon it," the avatar announced.

"Can you teach me to break glass with my voice," Nick asked with a sly grin.

"That kind of control would take time but I don't see why not."

"Master," sang a choir that could only be Lilith. "It is nearly dusk we should seek a place of shelter for the night before it becomes too dark to see."

"Of course," Nick replied unsure of why she wished him to leave but was wise enough to take the hint. "I will return if I can." Nick told the avatar before turning to leave.

The odd pair left the glass structure and headed back towards the cliff edge and found a spot large enough to start a fire but far enough away not to burn down the jungle. Nick sought kindling and enough dead wood for the night and built a nice cozy fire to keep away any animals that might come upon them in the dark. 

"Why did you want me to leave that building Lilith," Nick asked watching as she lay on her back staring up at the sky.

"It isn't good to get their hopes up Master," she said appearing almost lost in thought.

"Explain yourself," Nick said a little irked by her statement.

"Every building here has at least one avatar residing in it. They have been sleeping away the millennia quite peacefully. When they are awakened they are hoping that the city will once more be what it was. A place where they will be useful again," she finished.

"I understand," he said nodding. "And do you feel useful Lilith? Have I made your existence a worthwhile one?"

"Between changing the world as we know it and the amazing sex I have absolutely no complaints Master," she said smiling suddenly.

"I'm glad," Nick said as he yawned. "Can I get a morning wakeup call?"

"I will get you UP at first light Master," Lilith said with an evil grin.

Nick took his Kimono jacket and made a pillow of it and settled down for the night. He closed his eyes and let his mind drift where it would and found thoughts of the Lost City painting his dreamscape. But it wasn't the city as he saw it but in its full glory newly carved from the desert rock. He saw those ancient people going about their daily business walking among the thousand pillars and they were happy. Water flowed and there was life in that godless region of the world. They were not Old Ones or even Nephilim they were human beings who challenged nature and won at least in the beginning. But it was the darkness beneath the earth that rose up and consumed them. It was the discovery of the first city, the older city that led to their ruination. There were no monsters or survivors as such it was the magic that lay dormant for so many eons left untouched until that day when they dug for a new well and found something more precious than water. They found the machines that the Titans of the Deep had left there. Mere playthings to their creators but to the humans it was nothing short of magic. Only a few could use them only a few could harness their terrible power. There arose a sect of magician priests who used them wisely at first but as with all power of such magnitude it corrupted even the most devout holy man in the end. It wasn't the sun and wind that tore down the pillars of Iram it was a battle between the priests over control of the city. In the end most lay dead and the city had to be deserted else there would be none left to tell the tale. The survivors buried or sealed away the magic and fled the evil spot never to return. Until Nick had come and taken his spoils for his own and he was unafraid of the machines for he knew they were not magic but Organic Technology. They were a tool like any other that could be used to create or misused to destroy. All this his dream showed him until it all faded away and Nick lay in his perfect darkness with its immutable silence and he was safe.

Nick had not come to the island unarmed. He had brought the very obvious weapon the Orichalcum Katana that Petra, Kat and his Father had given him. But he also carried a not so obvious weapon the Scepter of Iram and its formidable powers. It was the sentience within the scepter that had been whispering to him in his dreams and showing him the history of the Lost City. As it whispered to him it saw a more proper form to take to better serve its new Master. It slowly altered its form and slithered from its hiding place at the small of his back beneath the kimono to his naked right wrist. It changed the shape of the blue diamond from a perfect smooth sphere to a gorgeous faceted round cut stone. It was around this gem that the metal that was not metal was spun into an ebony gauntlet with the ruby resting in the palm of his hand and the blue diamond on the back of his hand. The fingers were left bare and when finished the machine now covered at least one half the length of his lower arm in a comfortable metallic mesh. It purred to him in an almost sensual way now and they were bound one to the other. 

October 7, 2012

Lilith true to her word got onto her hands and knees and crawled over to her sleeping Master as the first hints of true day were coloring the sky. With deft fingers she untied his kimono pants and freed his morning wood. He must have been having some very naughty dreams she thought as she lowered her mouth to him. She flickers her tongue over the sensitive head and heard his soft moan. Lilith wrapped her slender fingers around the shaft and began to stroke him as her tongue and mouth engulfed the first few inches of his cock. His moans got progressively louder until he awoke with a start as his cum splashed down Lilith's throat. Before he could move she straddled him and lowered her soaked sex around him and rode him slowly.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM Morning Master," she purred.

"Damn Lilith hell of a wakeup call," he moaned.

"NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN I hope Master is pleased," she cooed.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM," was all he managed as he lowered his head back down and enjoyed the pleasure she was giving him.

Lilith twisted around with him still buried in her and his cock flexed inside of her sending her over the edge. Panting and moaning she leaned forward and lifted and dropped her shapely ass faster and faster squeezing him now and again to push him towards his second climax. Soon enough he had shoved her onto her hands and knees and was behind her thrusting hard and fast into her. She pushed back against him as he pounded her pussy harder and harder now. Lilith urged him on and was squeezing each time his cock slid into her pussy and his breath was coming in harsh gasps now.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM come for me Master... fill my pussy with your cum."

His only reply was a firmer grip on her ass cheeks and even harder thrusts of his hips. Then came the tell tale swelling of his generous cock and soon she knew she would feel those delicious pulses of cum shooting into her. 
