 Since there is a desire for the story to continue i am going to keep writing starting with the aftermath of Project Aries and the rebuilding process. 

As always please vote and comment and suggestions are always welcome.

I hope you enjoy this installment.



Cities on Flame:

October 10: Oslo Norway

Glittering like a fiery diamond the Radisson Blu looms over the city of Oslo as the multiple fires burn into the night. On the roof of the modern hotel two men stand and watch the conflagration one is smiling the other bitter that he is playing errand boy for the former.

"Really Fen why such a sour expression on your handsome features," Loki asked.

"Father I am a great warrior and here we are lugging these things up to the roof for what?" Fen glared at his father's back.

"Because dear boy if you were to leap into the melee you would perish before your first blow fell. This wonderfully devious virus affects both mortal and immortal alike."

"If that is so there can be no Ragnarok the prophecy is made invalid." Fen fumed at his inability to lash out.

"No my son there will be a reckoning but it is simply delayed. We will use this to our advantage and be thankful for this offering to our cause." Loki smiled as he took up his instrument. "Is the amp plugged in and the speaker?"

"All is prepared but why?"

"Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Give your dear old dad the chance to play while Oslo blazes!" Loki said priming the electric guitar for his solo while the ancient city was cremated for out of the ashes a black phoenix would rise!

The music rose and filled the air combining with the crackling sound of the fires and the wail of the sirens of the many emergency vehicles. The symphony of destruction was taken up by the injured and the dying as Loki played on. The melody called for anger and battle and murder of the innocent. If people were going to perish the champion of chaos would push the body count so that heaven itself would weep. 

International Space Station:

High above the world in the untainted atmosphere of the International Space Station the astronauts gazed down and where once the electric lights showed the vast population centers of the earth's cities now it was the flickering flames of uncounted fires set or caused by the unchecked destruction inspired by Project Aries. Their tears floated free in the weightless environment and they held each other not knowing what would become of them. 

"Who would do this," the young air force pilot whispered to no one in particular.

"I think you are asking the wrong question who could do this," the Russian cosmonaut corrected him. "This is way passed a simple terrorist threat this is a global apocalypse."

"So what do we do," the German engineer and winner of a prestigious scholarship that had led to his appointment to the space station. 

"We do our jobs and survive. They haven't forgotten about us someone will come for us." The Russian assured everyone.

"The worst is over with I hear," a young American said. "The internet says that rebuilding has already begun."

"Don't trust everything you read but hope is a good thing." The commander of the mission said patting him on the back.

"So many fires it's like the world is burning," the engineer said softly.

Moscow Russia:

Sebastian Shaw stood staring up at the gated building and pressed the intercom button. There was a loud buzz and a creaking sound of metal on metal as the gate swung inward. He stepped into the courtyard and was escorted to the front door by armed guards. He didn't fear them with the virus at its height they had more to fear from him than the other way around. The mansion had seen better days but compared to the rest of the city it was a sparkling oasis in the sea of shit. He was led to what had been a billiard room but now it doubled as an office and meeting room for Ivan Petranov the bastard son of the former leader of the Iron Rain. 

"You have very large balls coming in here Mr. Silver Twilight," Ivan said his English was passable.

"I had nothing to do with what happened to the Iron Rain," Sebastian Shaw said calmly to the young man of sixteen.

"I know I still have eyes and ears in your organization but then that is why you are here is it not?"

"There are opportunities," Sebastian said smoothly. "Chaos breeds change and change is good for business."

"So tell me of this opportunity," the young man turned and he looked far older than his sixteen years. Life on the streets of Moscow had hardened him and sharpened his survival skills to a razor's edge.

"The Order even as weakened as it is, is everywhere and many are hungry to redistribute the power base if you get my meaning."

"I understand and you need my help to restructure your Silver Twilight?"

"Exactly," the serpentine smile on the elder Shaw's face bordered on the demonic.

"What about the Three," Ivan asked.

"We find them and we kill them starting with the Grandmaster," Sebastian said with a voice so cold it made the younger man shiver.

"That has been tried old man," Ivan countered. "And with the virus how do you plan on killing anyone without perishing yourself?"

"There are means of killing that don't involve pulling a trigger."

"Go on," Ivan said leaning closer.

The Black Pyramid:

Nick sat in the very top chamber of the pyramid and looked at the empty seats of the council chamber and let out a breath to try and relieve the ever present stress. Even the necklace Augustus had given him wasn't quite up to the challenge of keeping his Chi perfectly clean. He looked over at Jesse's pyramid moved from the Numenor to a place of honor at the center of the great table. The he glanced down at the two artifacts he had taken from the lost city, the scepter and Abraxxa's crystal and wondered at their apparent loyalty. Nick had to admit to himself that the security he felt when he wore the scepter in its myriad shapes from gauntlet, to arm band, torc and even facsimile of his watch. The power it granted gave him a sense of control over the chaos that his life had become. 

'Master,' whispered the scepter. 'I have a new form to try if you'd like.'

"What's that," Nick asked curious as to what shape it could take.

'I can mimic a tattoo quite easily and change on a whim as it suits you.'

"I have just the thing," he said extending his hand and the scepter took on an almost liquid form and slither up his arm and onto his back.

As Nick admired his new tattoo the small pyramid flared to life and Jesse appeared suddenly.

"Hello Nick," he greeted him. "Nice tattoo."

"Thanks what brings you away from your crystal paradise?"

"Osirins," Jesse said.

"I don't understand Jesse what about Osirins?"

"What are they like?"

"They are like people if that's what you mean except a bit more passionate in their mood swings."

"I have read up all about them but I guess I am curious how the written record compares to the real thing."

"Well the males are built like line backers averaging six foot four and taller and the females are tall too some as tall as six foot. They are all athletically built and very physically fit possessing strength, agility and stamina that I guess I would call superhuman. But it's the animal traits that are the most interesting. It's like looking at the Egyptian gods walking on the earth with their bestial heads and characteristics."

"Have you made friends with any of the girls yet?" this was Jesse's nice way of asking if I had slept with a female Osirin yet.

"Yes there is one. She's a Bast or cat headed priestess who has a very wild side when aroused."

"So they do go by their progenitor's names then?" Jesse asked.

"Yes the Anubis has the jackal head, the Bast a cat's, the Horu-tet a falcon's and so on."

"Have you met any of the Others yet?"

"No but Fire Heart, the Bast, has told me about some of them. I would like to meet a Shifter they sound very interesting. They can literally take any shape human, animal and even inorganic."

"How do you know that one hasn't already hidden among your crew?" Jesse asked eyes bright with curiosity.

"Whoa I hadn't even thought about that! Maybe one has and I don't even know it."

"I'll see what I can find out and I'll get back to you."

"Thanks and Jesse it was good to see you." Nick said feeling much relieved after speaking with his friend.

"It is good to see you too Nick."

"I need some fresh air."

Nick stood outside and stared out from the edge of the bluff that overlooked the island. The Numenor was now anchored near the dock of the center ring of water and his crew was carefully exploring the city. The shadowcat that had befriended Nick was rubbing against his thigh as if it were a domestic kitten instead of the apex predator of the island. He absently scratched behind her ears and the purr that resulted was loud and comforting. 

"What do I do now... I just realized you need a name," Nick said and the massive head of the cat looked up and coughed.

"Her name is Night Wind," Fire Heart said from behind him.

Nick turned and smiled seeing the High Priestess moving to stand behind him. Her slender arms moved around his waist and her bare breasts pressed hard against his naked skin.

"You speak shadowcat," Nick mused.

"Among other things," she purred. "Your connection to Night Wind is seen as a good omen by the others."

"The Bast you mean."

"Yes. The Anubis and the others are not sure about you yet," she admitted.

"What can I do to change their minds?" Nick asked seeking her wisdom.

"Trial by combat but seeing as all the sentients are infected by your virus perhaps a wrestling match would be suitable."

"Umm the shortest one is well over six foot and built like a freaking tank," he said.

"That is true but perhaps you could impress them in another way," she said with a smile.

"What are you suggesting?"

"A test of stamina," her feral grin lit her eyes with a very animalistic gleam. "It is how the former Master proved his worth."

"Do I want to ask," Nick said with a cautious air just before she leaned forward and whispered in his ear. "OH... oh... well if I lose it won't be for lack of trying or enthusiasm."

"I knew you were a dog deep down inside," she purred.

The Numenor:

Akira Kusanagi coordinated the exploration of the island and so far there were some very interesting results she was eager for Nick's return so she could inform him of their discoveries. But he was still spending most of his time in the Black Pyramid consolidating his title as Eternal Master. It had been three days since Project Aries had been unleashed and the reports she had received via drone were nothing short of cataclysmic but all people of great import including family members were all safe and accounted for. The U.S. Government was trying to reach Nick but he had more important things to do. Operation Damocles was being finished and set into motion in five days time. Once that had been initiated then and only then would Nick leave the island and make his presence known. But Nick had made some serious decisions in the restructuring of the Order since Aries and the proof sat on her ring finger. He had chosen her to take up the title of Hidden Master under the condition she would still report to him. As if she would do anything else. She had to choose a new Majestrix to rule over the Sisterhood but until then she would perform double duty. Akira was pondering elevating Sora to that lofty position but that would complicate things between her and Kat. The only other candidate that she knew very well was Marie Dubois. Perhaps she should delegate a few tasks and see how she handled them.

"Send for Marie and tell her to meet me in the command center," Akira said to her bodyguard.

One of the larger bedroom suites had been converted for the purposes of a communication / command center. There were two avatars active and monitoring drones all over the world. The world was going to hell but surprisingly humanity was adapting faster than anticipated. It would be a few years and things would be turning the corner for what Nick believed to be a brighter future. Akira made her way to meet with Marie and hoped she was making the right decision. 

The command center looked more like something out of a military bunker than something on a luxury yacht. There were holographic smart boards hovering in midair and Surfer was taking his shift as the nexus for coordinating avatar interface. Each and every avatar that Nick had handed out or sold via tablet computer or via military contracts reported to the Numenor at least once a day. Most of the information shared was simply death tolls or the shifting of resources to deal with the crisis. Surfer turned and greeted the Lady Akira.

"Everything is proceeding as expected and the holographic virus has done its work seeking out the worst of society and eliminating it."

"What is the estimated body count at this time," Akira asked.

"Four point five billion and leveling off," he said with a pained look in his eye.

"How long until complete avatar interface is achieved?"

"We shall reach one hundred percent in approximately two hours."

"That is far ahead of expected timeline," She remarked.

"Master Nick allowed the theft of several shipments of crystal motherboards last month in the hopes that would speed up interface." Surfer explained.

"That man is always ahead of the game," Akira said with a smile.

"However I have some troubling news Lady Akira and it involves Master Nick's father."

"Oh, should I summon Nick?"

"Perhaps I should tell you first it is a matter of Order security and it involves the Iron Rain," Surfer said with a frown.

"No..." her head dropped and she sat down hard. "...tell me Surfer and don't spare the details."

Marie Dubois arrived at the command center and found a steely eyed Lady Akira who turned and it looked to her that the Majestrix had been crying.

"I have a black ops mission for you," Akira said all emotion stripped from her voice. "No one besides you and I will ever know what happened understand?"

"Yes Majestrix!" Marie said and took the manila folder and opened it. "There must be a mistake this is..."

"There is no mistake. Read and memorize the file right now then I will destroy it."

The young Cajun girl read the file and she was biting her lip and all the color ran from her face after she was finished.

"I will go to the armory and take one of the new Shuriken Rifles and make it as painless as possible. What of the other traitors?"

"They will be dealt with."

"Yes Majestrix I will leave immediately."

"Nick I am so sorry," Akira muttered after Marie had left and the tears flowed anew.

Temple of the Sun:

His name is Anu and he is the eldest of the Twelve. His temple lies covered in undergrowth long forgotten by his children and mortal worshippers alike. He greets every dawn atop the roof of his ziggurat before he goes and hunts in the surrounding jungle. Anu is unaware of the happenings in the outer world and cares even less. His world for the last thousands of years has been this calm oasis of tree, root and river. But it to his temple that his children seek him out for there are few save his loyal Praetor Tammuz who knows where he dwells.

"Father Sun your child seeks your wisdom," Tammuz calls up through the vines and thick limbs for permission to approach the Eldest.

"Tammuz old friend come to me and tell what transpires in the outer world," Anu calls down.

"I cannot my Lord for if I do I might contaminate you with the very thing that threatens your children."

"Speak plainly my Praetor," Anu says annoyed.

"Someone has spread a plague that infects mortal and immortal alike. Any act of aggression is fatal to the infected. Your children cannot hunt."

"Why have you come to me then Tammuz?"

"Your children are without leadership and our only course of action is to form a pact that would allow us feeding rights among the human cattle."

"Will my children survive with these feeding rights?" Anu asked.

"Well yes but..." Tammuz tried to seek another option.

"...but nothing Tammuz agree to the accord and come here nevermore."

"Yes father," he said and he left the Eldest a far more troubled man than the former god he once was. 

"It is as I dreamed," Anu whispered to himself. "Our time is coming to an end and a return to the old days is thrust upon us. Damn you mother!"

Antwerp Belgium: 

Marie Dubois armed and dressed for her mission arrived at the portal in the lower decks of the Numenor and she was one of six who were trained in its use. According to her mission specs Sebastian Shaw was in flight and heading for the Antwerp Lodge House and there she would be waiting for him. She turned the corner and there were five other Silent Shadows dressed identically to her awaiting her arrival.

"What is the meaning of this," Marie asked.

"We are at your disposal for the assignment in Antwerp," Said one of the masked Sisters.

"I was not informed of this," Marie stated even as the one who spoke handed her a tablet with the mission specs. "We are to eliminate Antwerp House then... very well. His will be done!"

"His will be done!" the other five sounded off.

Marie activated the portal system and set the destination for Antwerp and the six women stepped through from the Numenor to the other side of the world and silently noted the portal's location on this side of things. Having memorized the layout of the building they broke up into three two women teams. Silencers were not required for there was no quieting a hypersonic round once it broke the sound barrier. So to keep things under control they coordinated their attacks by timing. One team would take out the main power once the last of the traitors had arrived and then they would unleash hell.

Council Chambers: Castle Eisermann

It had been seventy one years since a full council had been assembled and then it was a matter of world war. Representatives from the Old Ones and the various races of the Others sat around the great table and awaited the arrival of the head of the council Augustus Eisermann. Celeste sat next to the empty seat at the head of the table and wondered what was taking her father so long to arrive. There were soft murmurs around the table as the various representatives discussed the aftermath of the virus. Finally a full hour late Augustus appeared and looked haggard and as if he hadn't slept in many nights. Everyone stood and when he nodded they all sat as one.

"It is obvious to all the shocking events that have taken place and we all know who is responsible. The matter before this council is what do we do now?"

Thorn, the zeitgeist rose to her feet and addressed those assembled.

"The Old Ones have met and decided to let the matter stand and support the Shaw in the reopening of the School of the Isle." Her voice was level clear and without emotion.

"Reopening, but how can that be there was a certain stipulation before the school could be or would be sanctioned. Has he done as was decreed? Has the Dark Mother been slain?" asked the Nephilim representative.

"Yes, the Shaw used Forbidden technology to hold her in place while satellites overhead beamed down reflected sunlight upon the entire island. Then he took her head." Thorn said as dispassionately as if she were reading a grocery list.

"You said Forbidden Technology, how can the Old Ones side with him then?" the Osirin delegate asked. "If he is tainted then how can they allow this to happen?"

"He is not tainted," Thorn said. "He has managed to master the device somehow. It serves him willingly and before you ask, no we don't know how he managed it."

"Augustus it is rumored that the Shaw has claimed and moved the Iram Stone is this true?" Stomper asked his face a mask of concern.
