 Landing turned out to more tricky to get a handle on than any other part of flying. But after several botched ones where I flipped ass over tea kettle, I figured it out. Staying away from major population areas and densely forested areas the flat-topped mountains that Tempis called home were finally in view. From what she had said her and her sisters nested on the smallest at the northern end of the chain.

I made it there and was surprised. The nest was spacious and well made. Even without tending for this long nothing looked weathered or wind-tossed. Looking around I find a pile of clothes, backpacks, sling and saddle bags. I small fortune in coin and powder. I gather up a single backpack with as much of the loot it will hold. Looking over the nests I can tell which one belongs to Tempis. Like the one on the island, it has a nook where she tucks away special things.

I look into it and see a small golden box. I reach in and take it. Pulling the movers wand I shrink the backpack warp the box in silk from her nest and put both in the sling bag on my shoulder. Looking out towards the sunset, the island of the Gorgon is plainly visible. By the look of it, I have about two hours before the sun drops below the horizon and flight to that island of less than twenty minutes.

I pull some jerky from my bag and take one more walk around the nests. I feel like I should be looking for something more meaningful to take back to Tempis. I shake my head and take to the air. I drop quickly wanting to get closer to the water's surface before getting to the island. Its shores are jagged and littered with the broken hulls of many ships. Landing just on the shore, that is the first flat space available, I look for signs that anyone has been here. I start walking towards I flowered glade many yards farther from the shore.

Many kinds of flowers are planted in their own beds, others potted, and all separated by worn paths. I call out from this garden to see if she will call back. I get no response. The dark of evening starts to settle. From a distance, the glow of torches flicker along a rock wall a quarter mile ahead. The breeze carries the iron taint of blood on it. I lift off the ground and move as quick as I can.

I pass the torches to see they are held by men turned to stone, anger frozen on their faces. The further I travel along the path the more evidence she was fighting for survival becomes. The bloodiest is where I first see her, still clutched by the throat of her petrified attacker. The serpents of her hair hardly twitched when I landed close by. Her legs hug limp toes inches from the ground. I gently wrapped my hand around her ankle. The pulse of life was still in her.

I found a heavy slab of rock and bashed the shoulder of the statued villain. It took a couple of strikes to break the arm away. She fell to the ground in a heap. I leaned forward grabbed the fingers of the frozen hand and broke them. I lifted her in my arms and searched. If she was fleeing up this path I reasoned.

I carried her to the top of the path. A courtyard of statues stood sentinel before an arched doorway. Taking her through the doors a large bed surrounded by many treasures were all that was in the room. Laying her in it I rifle the chests and piles. I find a vile of pearlescent liquid. A quick sniff to confirm it is a healing potion. I don't try getting her to drink it. I drip drops of it into her wounds. The slash from shoulder to hip needs more and am liberal with the potion here but not wasteful.

The last of the wounds healed. I get a pitcher of cool water and a goblet. Set them to the on a tray at her side on the bed with the rest of the potion in its vial. I blindfold myself and try waking her. She does not awaken. Lifting the blindfold I pour a splash of water into the goblet and three drops of potion. I lift her head and tilt the water to her lips. She sips. I close my eyes and tilt a little more. I feel her muscles react with the hand supporting her neck.

I wince as the fangs from two of her serpent braids dig into my arms. She takes the goblet and pulls away from me. I stay kneeling feeling the venom run up my arm. I hear the dripping of water on to the bedding then the pop of a cork followed quickly by glass breaking on one of the walls.

"You exchanged your life for my thou you hunted to kill me. Such a fool you are. Why not open your eyes and die quick?" she says in distaste and bitterness.

"I sought you yes, Tempis speaks of you kindly," I say.

"What do you know of the siren? Where are they now?" she asks as a blade cool edge touches my throat.

"She is on an island on the other coast, I saved her from those that killed her sisters, she stays with me until her feathers regrow. The vile men bladed her wings." I say.

"You speak truth, my venom would cause you great pain should you lie," she says not pressing the blade as forcefully.

"Would your venom make ill of me in other ways? I would like to free you of this island and bring you to mine with Tempis. Not easily done if I am dead. A state that would upset a great number of women and the current ruler of the Mer-clan, I am her Consort." I spill all I can in hopes it will get me answers about the poison coursing through me.

"Would you suckle the tit of a Gorgon?"

"You have a lovely form, to partake such an intimate act. I would be pleased to do so."

The blade at my throat goes away, a hand grabs at the back of my neck as a mound of yielding flesh is pushed to my mouth. I nuzzle and lick seeking a nipple on which to suck. The play of muscle beneath the skin tells me this is not her tit. I bite gently then clap my lips and suck hard in the hopes of leaving a hickey on her perky ass.

It's pulled away with a pop of my lips. Her hand changes position and another mound of yielding flesh is pressed to my mouth. The stiff nip pressing at my lips. I part the licking it a few times quickly then suck like I'm going to give it a hickey as well. I am rewarded with a tickle of her sweet milk. I suck three tasty sips from the perky breast before I whirl into sticky sweet blackness.

I bring my hand to my face, the blindfold is gone, and the rest of my clothes. My head throbbed like the morning after a three-day binge of dwarven mead. I listen hearing only silence. I open my eyes and find the Gorgon laying beside me. Her serpentine hair lazily bobbing in the morning sun.

Looking down her body the discoloring of the slash is still visible as is a bright hickey on her left ass cheek. I look around for my things and don't see them. I leaned too far and a groan escapes me.

"Will you trust me?" she asks in soft tones.

"I was told that I could, so I will," I answer hoarsely.

"You have tasted of me. My gaze will have no effect on you for at least a full day. I will look at you now." she says rolling over. 

I flinch but watch with open eyes. She opens her violet eyes and looks into mine. She gives a rye smile to me then backs away. 

"Why would you bring this?" she asks holding the iron flask to me.

"To carry you away from this island in it. I flew there by a spell from the nests of Tempis and her sisters. I gathered her treasure box and human money from there for her. I brought what we call a mover's wand to bring items from this island you want to take with you." I explain.

"You brought no weapon on your journey. What would you do against those that would harm you unarmed as you are?" she asks.

"I am a mage. I have the spells in my mind where they can't be taken. The movers' wand doesn't work on living things. Useless if turned against me. The flask is locked so that only I can open it." 

"You want me for my vision. How have you learned of it?"

"The Goddess of the Far Seas told me of you. Tempis then told me a lot more. I offer freedom and friendship. The sanctuary of the Mer-clan and amnesty of King Ulmugoust." I say.

"You knew I pressed your face to my ass and yet you didn't pull away?" she asks.

"Not the first time I have pleasurable kissed a lovely woman's ass," I reply.

"Would you offer me more than kisses?" she asks. "Doing this would proof you from my gaze."

"Would you let me hear your name?" I ask.

"Did Tempis not tell you?" she tilts her head.

"In all her whimsical stories she may have, but I did not press her for it. I would rather hear it from you, I am Ryktis, also known as the Mage Nameless." I say.

"I am Medlikys. Crys to those I have a fondness for. I would like for you to call me this."

"Crys would you allow me the pleasures of your company and body?" I ask.

"Please the yearnings of my womanly needs." she purrs.

"Would you like to feel them as other women or in an impassioned frenzy?"

"You would lay with me as you would a normal woman?" she ask a shiver rolling the length of her form.

"I have pleased the Mer-Queen, a number of Nixie, Tempis has invited me to her nest and I have quelled the out of control passions of a half demon in heat. You are far from normal, yet are as deserving of pleasure as any of them or any other." I say placing a gentle hand on her arm.

"How many have given themselves over to you having known no other?" She asks.

"A handful. I would think this true for you, others would have been too afraid to show you these pleasures. And why I ask how you would like to experience them your first time." I say looking into her eyes and running my finger along the edge of her jaw.

"Show me pleasure in a way that will last as long as I can take it," she begs.

"I will show you pleasure Crys," I say leaning in and kissing the side of her neck.

I explore her with kisses. Her murmurs and sighs filling the chamber, growing in depth as I near the damp cleft in her thighs. I move to open her legs her eyes hungrily assess the girth of my erection brought on by the sound of her moans. Parting her legs I delve my tongue into her inflamed crevice. Her sharp inhale and legs clamping my head signal her first real rush of orgasm.

I reach under her legs and clap my palms over her breasts. I lick her gently through two more before locking my lips over her clit sucking her through two more. Her eyes are hazy and her moans sound sated. I slide up her body wrapping one arm under her lower back and the other between her shoulder blades to support her neck.

She yields her body to my touch. I pull her over my aching shaft. Her moan is long and thunderous. Any discomfort of that first thrust washed away in the throes of multiple orgasms. I hold her body to mine giving resistance to her wild gyrations. As they subside I start rocking my hips, she humps back. I find her rhythm and match her taking her once more over the edge of orgasm.

"Do you want to feel my seed in your depths or savory me as I have you?" I ask looking into her eyes.

Just the question has her velvet passage quivering over me once again. Her body humps at me harder. Her arms paw at me beggingly as she tries to get her legs around me. Her nods and moan the only reply she seems able to offer. I grab her nips and pound her soppy gash in thigh-slapping thrust. As I reach my peak I squeeze her hips hard enough to stop her moaning and still her body. Pushing in deep and holding it, my steaming jets of seed pouring into her.

Her eyes lock with mine as she opens her mouth gasping for air. The avalanche of this orgasm has her writhing under me. All of her trying to feel more of me in her orgasm. I lower myself on to her petting her trembling body and kissing the side of her neck. She hugs and kisses me in return panting.

"Is that as other women feel at your colossal pleasures." she breathes.

"You have had it just as they had. Your body has felt as theirs has and responded in pleasure."

"Your voice will forever be a pleasure for me. I will hear it and feel a want of your touch. I will have it as the others. I am going to have a place in your bed, Consort Ryktis. If this is the only time take me until I can stand it no more." she coos petting my face.

"The others, who say they are my harem, invite you to be as their sister in the harem of Nameless. So this is far from the last time. I must remove my manhood from you. Pleasurable as your depths feel the other call of nature is pressing for relief. And thou there are weird humans I hardly think peeing in you is an erotic or pleasurable act." I say and slide from her.

"Now that I have calmed I am of like thinking. The place I do that is off that way. Help me up, I'll help you. May I?"

We get to our feet and wobble out to her lieu. Once there, she holds my member to point it. I can't hold it and the rush jet's out of the head. She moans and wiggles herself to tinkle as well. The feel of her trembling hand and sound of her moan causes my member to buck in her fingers. She watches in fascination.

"Does it always rise like that when relieving yourself?" she asks.

"No usually. I have never had someone hold it doing this either." I reply.

"So in an odd way, I am one of your firsts. I like that thought," she says.

"Then what would you like to take from here when you leave?" I ask.

"I don't take anything out of the potty," she says with her nose crinkled.

"I meant from the island."

"I have never thought about it. How long can I take to think about it?" she asks. 

"A full day, which gives me a day to pack what you want to take before asking you to go in the bottle for the trip. It also would give us a chance to be together again as a way of telling this island goodbye."

"Could I take all my flowers?" she asks.

"I couldn't do that, not all at one time, but if you have seed from them I can build you new gardens to tend and enjoy," I say.

"I will gather my gardening things. They are spread around the island and what of my treasure?"

"It is yours I will find something to pack as much of it as I can like I did for Tempis."

For the remainder of the day we talked and I found a large set of standing cabinets in the wreckage of one of the shored vessels. It made gathering her treasure into one place easy. The few statues she wanted to take made me feel uneasy. But making them small proved they were no longer living. Where I would put them when I got back was another story. 

As evening approached once more we eat and cleaned up before laying down. I hold her to me, caressing her back. She timidly kisses my neck but, before long is lowering her wetness onto my shaft. Giving her reign to the pace, she takes it slowly. From her movements on me to the caresses and kisses she imparts. We have each other this way for what feels like hours. A nip at my ear pushes me over the orgasmic threshold after such prolonged gentle simulation. Feeling this drags her over the edge and rails her into a frantic cascade of release. She paws and gropes at me, gasping for air. I hold her gently as she body calms and her breathing calms.

Caressing her once again I feel the drip of a warm tear on my skin. I look down finding her already seeking my eyes. Her expression is a mixture of sad and longing. I bring my lips to hers in a passionate kiss. She melts into my arms tightly hold on as if letting go she would slide off into oblivion. The earth moves for us then shakes violently loudly opening a fissure in the wall beside us.

"I'm sorry, this is my fault." she cries.

"I don't care, but I won't leave here without you," I reply grabbing the iron flask. "Do you trust me?"

"It's more, I love you, take me I'm yours now and forever." she proclaims.

The island heaves in response. I open the flask and trap her within it. Fixing the stopper, I grab the sling bags in a frantic dash out of the cavern. The ground itself seems to refuse to stay under my feet. I turn to look for my clothes only to watch the floor split. A jet of superheated air blow me off my feet and out of the cavern completely. I pull the ring's power up and take flight. Gaining altitude it becomes clear this island is not long for this world.

I see large ravines opening from the island edge towards its center. Roars of seawater flowing into them, the surface of the island heaves like a boil and explodes. I am deafened before the concussive shockwave gathers me up. I tumble through the air trying to hold my distance from the ground. A moment later I crash through branches and fall to the forest floor.

Lying there I roll onto my back gasping for air. Lashed and burned the first breath is an icy torment in my lungs. The trees above me bow in a howling wind I can't hear. The ground beneath me rumbles, I jump to the air in fear. I clear the tops of the tree only to see the flat top mountain of Tempis's nest, break and fall into the sea. I turn away clutching the bags on my shoulders and fly.

I grit my teeth to push through the pain of my skin and sting in my eyes. My only solace was the cool evening air. I push myself faster for fear I couldn't hear the screech of a great bird of prey on an attack. I see the coast on the horizon bringing a small relief to me. Landing at the top of the stairs I reach for the railing to hold myself up. Nix is there, she speaks to me but I can't hear.

I make it to the main floor and drop to my knees. Nix looks into my eyes tears rolling from hers. I try to smile but it hurts. I nod pulling the flask from the bag. I whisper the release and open it. The brush of wind as the magic surges is the last of me, pain turning to numb oblivion.

"Ryktis?" a cool soothing voice invades the darkness.

I remember Scelene.

"Yes, it is I. Try to stay calm and not move around too much," it says gently.

Like I could, every part of me ached and a sharp throbbing pain from my left hand gnawed at me.

"Yes, I can regrow your finger," Scelene admitted.

"What?!?!" I tried to scream.

"Be still or I will force you back to sleep," Scelene warned. "Your burns are extensive. I have you floating in a pool of healing waters and trolls blood. Your Nixie cut off your finger to get the ring off. If she hadn't we would not be talking right now. You were on the verge of death for many hours."

"How much will it scar me?" I ask.

"Very little if you just relax and heal. And the finger will grow back. I feel you are more worried about what your harem will think of you more than vanity. You are an amazing creature, Mage Ryktis."

"How is the Gorgon, did I get her released before collapsing?" I ask.

"Oh yes, she stands shoulder to shoulder with your half-demon in plotting injuries and degradations to put upon me should I fail in your healing. Quite a devoted harem you have amassed. I might consider joining it one day." Scelene muses with what feels like a giggle.

An odd thought but, one that lowers me back into sleep and unpained dreams.

The feel of soft bedding below me offers a sense of relief. The air is cool on my skin and I open my eyes slowly. The Mind-Flayer Scelene stands next to the bed it's all white eyes held in my direction. The lack of pupils stirring an uneasiness to the already squid-like facial features.

"Kinder than most when looking at my visage," Scelene says with the twitch of facial tendrils.

"I meant no offense." I apologize.

"I am not offended. I merely mused out loud. Like you I have learned my features are not the norm, even of my own kind. You ignore the looks given you for your pointed, not pointed enough, ears. You no longer feel offense, nor do I." Scelene explains. "You must rise and work out your muscles. Five days you have been under my care. And as a personal matter, speak to your women, their nerves are wearing thin with my advisements." Gesturing toward the stairs.

I look myself over. I am pale but in a healthy shade. Looking at my hands, each has four fingers and a thumb in their proper places. Sliding to the side of the bed as my feet touch the floor I see my penis. I look to have more to it. Not a massive change, just one that has me looking up at Scelene questioningly.
