 Chapter 4

The Best Laid Plans...

P.W. 2148

Carn gathered all the Sergeants as ordered. The first seven all had nothing to report and he was beginning to worry that he was going to have nothing to report to Madar.

"Sgt. Galt, Report!" Carn snapped nervously. This was his last chance to find what it was Madar was looking for. He dreaded to think what would happen if he came back empty handed.

"Sir! I had a few strange occurrences on my train sir!" Galt stood at attention, waiting for his superior to tell him how to proceed.

"At ease Sergeant! Tell me of what occurred." Carn felt his pulse speeding up, hoping this is what he had waited for.

"Sir, One of my officers, an Officer Pax, reported that an other officer, one Officer Tulane," the contempt in his voice was clear as he said the name, "stopped a citizen from attacking him. This caught my attention as none of the passengers have ever dared to attack one of the officers under my watch. Also curious was that it was Tulane that came to his rescue. Tulane is a lay about who does nothing to help keep the citizens moral where it should be, and has even been known to defend citizens against his fellow officers. Needless to say this report came as a surprise to me, but I sent Pax on his way to complete his rounds." Galt paused there as if gathering himself for a fight, and Carn felt his heart race more. "One of the other officers found Officer Pax unconscious approximately half an hour later in the same compartment as he had reported the attack from earlier. He had suffered a blow to the temple witch had dropped him before he could see who it was that had swung at him. When asked what he had been doing before he was attacked he stated that he had gone to finish his rounds and had spotted a passenger he hadn't seen board the train. When he went to question her she had started fighting him, so he pinned her down and tried to subdue and humble her." He paused with a smirk on his face remembering exactly how he tried to humble her, "That's when he was hit. He has a large bruise over his temple and a black eye.

"The girl had disappeared. No one could find a trace of her. The train came to a stop as I was once again going over Pax's story, and Tulane came forward with a passenger he had caught trying to steal supplies from the store room. No one took much notice, he is usually back there anyway, staying out of sight so he doesn't have to do his work, and had caught others before, so we let him disembark with the woman in tow. I watched for a woman that matched Pax's description to exit the train but none fit. After everyone had gone we searched the train and found nothing. You called me in before I could officially file the report, Sir."

Carn paused and considered all he had just heard, and came to a decision. "Sgt. Galt, bring Officer Pax to me, the rest of you may return to your duties." Carn was very happy with how this was turning out. With any luck, Madar would be pleased with his work and give him a treat. Maybe one of the new Annoms that came in today....

@@@@

Iskara was stunned by all that was in this place that Tulane had brought her to. After her "talking" with his father, he had invited her to stay. Not wanting to sleep on the streets where she might be accosted at any time, she had accepted. Vash had left to run some errands and Tulane decided to take her on a tour of his childhood home. He showed her the kitchen with the brick oven, and the stove with cast iron pots and pans hanging around it. Cooking indoors was a marvel to her. She had spent most of her time living outside amongst the ruins of old buildings or under the open sky. In the settlements she had seen they had patched up the ruins to make one or two room shacks, but they had always cooked outdoors as a community. Afraid as they were of each other it was still easier to provide food for the village when everyone pitched in a little. Dwellings were only used as resting and storage areas. 

He then led her around to a set of stairs that lead up to the second floor (another first). The second floor contained two bedrooms and a bathing room. Capital was the one area in all the settlements that had indoor plumbing. The bathtub was connected directly to pipes that ran hot and cold water into it and it drained out to a small garden in the back, allowing for the best use of this precious resource. Tulane showed her his mothers toiletries and showed her how to work the faucets and plug. She started undressing before he left the room, obviously not minded to maintain any modesty. He hurried out, trying to maintain control over his body.

Iskara watched him go with a mix of curiosity, amusement and regret. It was obvious he was struggling with himself about seeing her naked, but she was used to changing without any cover. With Dask she had not always had the luxury of changing in private, so she didn't think twice about disrobing in front of others. Obviously, Tulane did, and it was slightly confusing to her. She shrugged her shoulders and stepped into the tub of water. She pulled back almost immediately and gasped. The water was hot! She had only ever bathed in cold to air-warm streams and springs. She almost called to Tulane, but remembering the look on his face and his actions as she had gotten undressed, she decided to make the best of it and just make it a quick bath. She eased herself in slowly. To her surprise the hot water eased the tension of her muscles and allowed her to relax for the first time in a very long time.

After soaking for a time she decided to finish up. She looked at the soaps Tulane had left for her, picked out one and washed her hair and body with it. She then pulled the plug as Tulane had shown her and pushed the water off of her body with her hands. She rung out her hair next, then quickly dressed in some new cloths Tulane had set out for her. They were a little short on her, belonging as they did to Tulane's mother, but she decided they would do, and stepped out of the bathing room.

Tulane had just come to the top of the stairs to call her for dinner when she emerged. His breath caught in his throat at the sight of her. Her hair was still wet, and trailing down in damp ringlets the color of cooling embers. His mothers dress was tight across her chest having been made for a much smaller woman of lesser proportions. She moved with a grace at odds with her height, an unconscious ease to her movements.

She glanced up and saw him. She was startled for a moment, then recalled herself and smiled at him. He shook himself out of his trance, reminding himself it was rude to stare, and managed to stammer out that dinner was ready downstairs. She looked a little confused about this but followed him willingly enough.

In the kitchen was a table with four seats. Already seated were Tulane's father, Vash, and a woman she hadn't met yet. Tulane made the introductions, naming his mother Mari. She rose from her seat and shook hands with Iskara.

"Welcome, my dear! Vash has told me all about you. Come sit and join us. It is not often we get to meet new people and I am very interested to hear news of what is happening outside of capital."

Iskara sat uneasily on the chair Tulane pulled out for her and watched as the food was removed from the pots and pans and placed on flat slabs that sat at each place. She had never seen plates before, and was curious as to why they used them. She watched Tulane closely and mimicked him, picking up on the basics of how to eat at a table.

After they had finished dinner, Vash led them back to the front room to discuss in more detail what they could do to get at Madar.

"It will not be easy, he has guards posted around him day and night. No one gets near him without his consent, and there are very few people he will allow near him."

"What about if you make yourself out to be one of his guards?" Tulane asked hopefully, "Like you did on the train."

"I can only change my appearance slightly, not all together. I can make people see me as shorter than I am or with a different hair color, or a different cast of features, but I can not change my whole appearance. I can not convincingly become a man, and I have never seen any female guards around Madar."

"What about that trick you used to keep me from seeing you?" Tulane countered.

"That only works if I'm standing still, and I will have to move to get near him." Iskara said with her head hanging. The day had taken its toll on her, she was barely able to form a complete sentence. Mari noticed this and scolded the men for their thoughtlessness.

"All you two can think of is how to get to Madar while this poor girl is asleep on her feet! Enough for tonight! We will talk more tomorrow. Tulane, why don't you show Iskara to your room and you can sleep on the floor down here tonight? The poor thing needs a good nights sleep." Mari smiled warmly at Iskara, and shooed her toward the stairs. Iskara climbed to the top landing and waited for Tulane to show her where she was to sleep.

"You know, you don't have to sleep on the floor, I'm used to it." She said nervously as she followed him.

"Its fine, Ill sleep on the floor. I do it on the train anyway, so it's no great hardship." He said with a nervous smile. He walked down the hall to a door and pushed it open, ushering her into his room with a small bow. Her eyes wandered curiously about the room, falling on small wooden soldiers and other toys obviously leftover from his childhood, and numerous other sculptures of animals and plants found around the settlements. Her eyes settled on one of a dog that was so lifelike she almost thought it would dart away at the touch of her eyes.

"These are wonderful!" She said as she reached for the little dog.

"Thank you. I am glad you like them. I make them in my spare time on the train, helps eat up the time and keeps me out of the others way." Tulane said sheepishly, not looking her in the face. A blush was crawling up his cheeks and his eyes were bright with her praise. He felt awkward at having her in his room, handling his things and commenting on his art. "I shouldn't be staying here, Tulane. This is your bed, your room. I will go and sleep downstairs, I have never known another way than sleeping on the ground anyway." Iskara said, looking at him pleadingly. Tulane saw a glint of fear in her eyes and suddenly his protective side went into overdrive. He gathered her in his arms and held her securely, trying to calm the fear he felt building in her.

"What's your real reason for not wanting to sleep here Iskara? Its not wanting me to be in my own bed, so what is making you scared?" The concern in his voice reached out to her and she started trembling, thinking how foolish he must think she was. She mumbled something under her breath that he didn't catch. "I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. What did you say?"

She took a deep breath and repeated herself, feeling very foolish as she did. "I am afraid of sleeping inside by myself" she said. "I have never been inside a building at night, and I don't feel comfortable." She went to turn away from him but he stopped her and raised her chin slightly so she was meeting his eyes. 

"Would you like me to stay here with you?" he asked with a catch in his throat, wondering if he could stand being that close to her all night and still keep himself inline.

"Would you? I mean, you make me feel safe, but I don't want to make you do anything you don't want to do." She said earnestly, looking into his eyes. She had felt his body tense and remembered his abrupt departure from the bathing room earlier. Maybe he didn't want to be with her.

Tulane chuckled under his breath, shaking his head in bemusement. "It's not that I don't want to stay here with you its that I want to too much. I am worried that I wont be able to keep my hands to myself." He said with a twinkle of amusement in his eye. 

She wasn't sure that she understood what he meant, but his words caused her body to tingle and a flush to climb her tanned cheeks. "If I'm going to trouble you I will just go downstairs. I'm sorry I caused you trouble." She tried to turn away again but his arms wouldn't release her. She looked back at him again, her eyes swimming with confusion and hurt. He couldn't hold himself back anymore, he bent in to kiss her. He had only meant it to be a short, chaste kiss, but the moment his lips met hers he knew he was lost. A jolt of desire shot through them, and a moan escaped her. Her hands crept up and circled his neck, bringing him in closer. She pressed tighter to him, trying to meld them into one person. He felt his control slipping and knew he had to stop before it went to far. With a great effort he gently pulled himself away. He rested his forehead against hers and tried to calm himself. Her eyes were glassy and dazed, and her breath was coming in short gasps.

"How about this," Tulane said after he caught his breath, "You can sleep on the bed and I will camp out on the floor right here next to you so you wont be alone tonight."

"I would like that, thank you." She said with a soft smile. He hugged her gently then went to get himself pillows and a blanket. 

@@@@

Madar smiled evilly at the men in front of him. "Describe this girl to me, Officer Pax." The twinkle in his eyes was unnerving.

"Tall, red hair like a fire, green eyes that seemed to glow. She was quite lovely, and a wild, unbroken spirit. Man she was putting up a fight! Haven't had one fight me like that in a long time!" He said with a lecherous smirk marring his face. Madar considered this information a moment. If it was the girl he was thinking of, she must have a way of concealing herself. That could make things more difficult for him.

"You are sure she didn't leave the train?"

"Yes, sir! I wanted to finish my business with that one, I did. No way she could have gotten past me."

"What of this woman Officer Tulane escorted off the train? What did she look like?"

"She was older than him, hair was a blonde going grey, walked with a limp."

"What about her eyes, what color were her eyes?" Madar was getting edgy, the longer this girl was out there the more likely it was she would try and come after him. She could ruin everything for him by just showing herself.

"Green I believe, but a dull green, like looking through a screen." Pax responded, "I got a good look cause she looked at me on her way through and seemed pleased that my face was bruised." He finished in an angry grumble.

Madar's face lit with an evil gleam and he turned to his Chief of Security. "Carn, I want you to go down to the courthouse and see if Officer Tulane has dropped off any prisoners and where they are being kept. Report back when you have the information."

"Yes, sir!" Carn saluted, turned on his heal, and left the room. 

"Officer Pax, you have my gratitude! We have a new batch of Annoms that just came in this morning, you may go and have your pick of them. Here is the pass you will need to hand the guards. Be back here tomorrow for reassignment. You are going to move up in the world, my boy!" The smile on Madar's face was truly terrifying now, so Pax just thanked him, took the proffered card and hurried out of the room as fast as his legs would carry him. Much as he would enjoy breaking an Annom, something about Madar scared him.

@@@@

Madar settled back in his chair for a moment, thinking on how sweet it was going to be to finally get his hands on this runaway. He decided to make a trip to the holding cell where his mind reader was residing. Looking into the cell, he had to smile. The man was strung up by his wrists on the wall, feet inches from the floor. He looked to be in pain, with blood dripping down his arms from the cuffs cutting into his wrists. His chest was bare, and there were whip marks marring it, red welts and cuts turning the dark tan to a red burn. His head hung from his shoulders limply, only the rise and fall of his chest revealing that he yet lived. Madar turned to the guard.

"Has he talked yet?"

"No, Sir, Wouldn't even tell us his name. He is a tough one, Sir. You should enjoy breaking him." The guard said with a smile.

"Have him brought to my interrogation chamber and strapped down to the Cross. Make sure I have stimulants handy, I don't want him passing out on me." 

"Yes, Sir!" The guard responded, immediately fishing out his keys and going for the cell door. Madar walked away to prepare himself for his nights entertainment.

@@@@

Dask came to as he felt someone near him. He groaned and lifted his head to watch as the guard unlocked his shackles. The feeling had long since deserted his hands, and he was light headed from blood loss. When the first manacle was undone his arm fell his side and he almost screamed at the return of pain to his hand. the second followed shortly after and he fell in a heap on the floor, unable to even brace his arms to keep his face from the filthy floor of the cell.

The guard didn't allow him any time to recuperate, just hauled him to his feet and half dragged half carried Dask down a clean hall to a new room. Dask swallowed hard as his eyes took in the room. He knew it, and knew it well. This was one of the rooms that Iskara frequented in her visions, and nothing good had ever happened here.

The center of the room was occupied by a large hydraulic table in the shape of an X with straps at each end to tie hands and feet down and prevent movement. The cabinets around the room held a range of things from medical equipment to whips and chains. Many an Annom had been tortured in this room by Madar himself, and now Dask knew he was going to be next.

The guard struggled to move him forward and got him into position. Before Dask had fully assimilated his surroundings he was bound to the table. The guard pulled a smaller table up to his side. This table had all sorts of syringes with various colored fluids inside. The guard then went to a space on the wall and opened a door he hadn't noticed before. A blast of hot air brushed his skin as he looked into a brick lined oven with a very hot fire in the center of it. Sticking out of the fire were a number of metal rods. Dask broke out in a sweat thinking how this was going to play out. 

Madar stood in the doorway watching his prisoner with delight in his eyes. This man knew all the right places to look. "How do you like my entertainment room? I tried to make sure there is something for everyone in here. Most Annoms talk freely shortly after I start playing. I'm sure you will too." Madar's smile was terrifying to behold. Dask, looking at his eyes, started to believe this man wasn't just evil, he was mad. Madar reached over to the tray at Dask's side and picked up a syringe. The fluid inside was a sickly green color. "This is to make your senses more acute, you know, hearing, taste, smell, sight, and especially touch. You will feel everything I do magnified by at least ten times. Really a very handy little medicine." Madar said as he injected the fluid under Dask's skin. Dask felt a burn running down his arm, following his veins toward his heart. His heart rate increased, his breathing became erratic and he could feel every nick on his body as if they were on fire.

"Now, I will give you a chance now to answer my questions, if you don't answer to my satisfaction, I will start with the scalpels and work my way up to bigger and rougher toys. What is your name?" Madar leaned over so he was looking into Dask's eyes. Dask felt someone trying to breach his mental block and gasped.

"You! You're an Annom?" Dask couldn't wrap his mind around the fact that the person who had been trying to wipe out his kind was an Annom himself. Why would he do such a thing?

"I am. I seem to have a unique set of gifts, and I find them quite handy when it comes to my life. You haven't answered my question however, and I cant seem to make it past your shield, so I am going to have to break it down to get anywhere with you. Don't worry, I will thoroughly enjoy myself." Madar's smile widened as he saw the look on Dask's face. He picked up the scalpel and rested it above Dask's shoulder and pushed it in, drawing it down toward the center of his chest at an angle to start the Y incision commonly used in autopsies. Dask's screams quickly filled the room.
