 Sorry this took so long, My comp crashed and it took the work of many friends to retrieve what I had lost. I hope you enjoy this chapter, and I promise the next one will be longer.

~Sin

*

Chapter 5

End of Innocence

P.W. 2148

Iskara's scream pierced the quiet night. She sat bolt upright in the bed, her eyes unseeing, the terror flooding the room. Tulane sprang off the floor, her emotions sending his adrenaline glands into over-drive as his body tried to react to the threat. He spun around, looking for her attacker, while her scream still hung in the air. Slowly his mind caught up with his body and he came fully awake. He looked over to the bed and saw her sitting up, panting, sweat beaded on her brow as her mind replayed her latest vision. He slowly walked up to the bed and sat down on the edge, resting his hand on her arm.

Iskara flinched back from the touch on her arm. Her mind was vehemently fighting the information she had just received. She shook her head, negating Madar's words as she started chanting "No, no, no, no, NO!!!" she sobbed. Her body was shaking harder with each denial until he was afraid that she would fly apart right in front of him.

"What is it Iskara? what did you see?" Tulane pleaded with her, lowering her hands from her face and holding her wrists.

"Madar. He has Dask. He....." she shuddered as the images of Dask's torture ran through her head again, "he tortured him for information about me.... He killed him, because he knew of ME!" Her body shook, fighting the last bit of information to come through. She started to tell him that Madar was her father when she hiccupped, tears forming a river down her face. Tulane gathered her in his arms, rocking her gently, murmuring condolences and reassurances in her ears. He kissed her temple as she wrapped her arms around his neck, sobbing her hurt out on his bare shoulder.

Slowly she started to calm. She raised her head to tell him more of what she had found out as he was lowering his to kiss her temple again. Their lips met in an accidental kiss. At first both were too stunned by the sudden contact to move away, then the spark between them flared to life and they couldn't help taking it deeper. He increased pressure on her lips, then parted his, letting his tongue trace the seam of her lips. She started to pull back to ask what he was doing, but when her mouth opened his tongue slid inside and tangled with hers. Her half formed question ended in a groan as heat washed through her body. Her nipples, already straining the tight fabric of his mothers tunic, hardened against his chest. She pulled herself in closer to him and his hands wandered down her back to cup her ass. One of her hands wandered up the back of his neck and into his hair, sending a shiver down his spine and a moan to erupt from his throat. Thus encouraged, her other hand went to his chest, groping at his pecks and playing with his nipples.

His hands found their way beneath the hem of her tunic and started to pull it up and off of her. His hands grazed her skin, sending electric shocks through her. The sensations caused her back to arch and her pelvic bone to grind into his already hard member. His head fell back, breaking the kiss, as he groaned at the stimulation to his cock. All coherent thoughts left his head as his instincts took over. He ripped her tunic down the middle and pushed it back off of her shoulders, baring her breasts to his eyes. Her breath was coming in short pants, her eyes hazed over with lust as his mouth watered in anticipation of the feast before him. His hands slowly rose up her sides and cupped her breasts, one in each hand. He ran his thumbs over her taught nipples, causing a pleading sound to break from her throat. Her head fell back as his mouth closed over her right nipple, her lungs filling with desperately needed air as she gasped her appreciation of the feelings he was causing in her. He nipped and sucked at first one then the other as his hand found its way to her pants.

He fumbled with the laces a moment before finally loosening her drawstring. His lips never leaving her nipple, he picked her up and turned then laid her gently down on the bed. He slowly pulled away and let his eyes drink in the sight of her, then put his hands to the waistband of her pants and slowly pulled them off of her. His breath caught in his throat at the sight of her naked on his bed. Her hair was spread in a fiery halo around her head, her breasts large and firm with pink nipples begging for his attention. Her stomach was flat, her hips nicely rounded and the flare of red hair at the junction of her thighs had his heart racing. Her long legs completed the picture and he couldn't wait to feel them wrapped around him as he moved into her.

He stepped back just long enough to remove the shorts that he had worn to bed and then was right back with her, kissing her lips as his hands pinched and twisted her nipples. She arched into him trying to get the relief she needed so badly that her body was saying only he could give. She had never felt this empty before, and she wanted him to fix it.

He moved down her body again, spending time paying attention to each nipple before kissing his way down her stomach to the flaming bush at the top of her thighs. He took in her scent as he slowly spread her lips apart, revealing her inner self to his eyes. Her clit was engorged and begging for attention, her lips puffy and bright with glistening juices. Her smell was overwhelming his senses as he leaned in to sample the taste of her at her core. Her flavor exploded on his tongue and he knew he was addicted. He cleaned all of her folds off before going for her clit. His tongue touching her bundle of nerves sent her over the edge into her first orgasm. She screamed as she came, gripping the sheets on the bed and arching, her whole body involved as her orgasm raced through her nerves and he continued to suckle on her clit. When at last her orgasm dissipated she felt him rise up and come over her as she tried to reconnect her mind and body. He leaned in close to her ear and whispered, "You taste delicious" and then kissed her hard full on the mouth. Her mind was so occupied with his kiss she didn't notice him pushing her knees wider. His finger found her still sensitive node and worked it as he positioned himself at her untried entrance. Her back arched in response to his finger and buried him partly inside of her. He groaned and thrust forward fast and hard, breaking her barrier and seating himself deep inside her.

She screamed again, this time in pain, as her barrier was breached. He caught her scream in his mouth as his finger worked franticly at her clit to restore the pleasure that little bit of pain had erased. Soon she was writhing beneath him, wanting him to move in her. He removed his hand and propped himself up on his elbows to watch her as he started moving. He pulled almost all the way out before plunging back in fast, burying himself completely into her. Not seeing any sign of pain on her face he started in on a slow pace, slowly speeding up as her hips rose to meet him and her small gasps of pleasure start encouraging him to go faster and harder. Soon he is pounding into her full force with his head rolled back on his shoulders, fighting to control himself, not to come before she did. Feeling himself on the edge, he reached between them and massaged her node with his finger. Within seconds he sent her over the edge into her second orgasm of the night, and this time, he came with her. As her scream died down his arms began to shake from the pressure of holding him up. He collapsed on top of her, rolling over to his side and cuddling her to him. As she drifted off to sleep he softly whispered in her ear "I love you, Iskara." before he followed her into oblivion.

@@@@@

The psychic energy from Iskara's orgasm reverberated in Madar's head, causing him to loose focus until the feelings had entirely dissipated. Once his head was clear once more a cruel smile spread across his lips. She was close, very, very close for him to have received her emotions like that. Tomorrow he would search her out, and finally he would be able to rest easy knowing that she was no longer a threat to his reign. He went to his bed to dream of torture and destruction he would be able to wreak with his secret safe for all eternity.