 I have written adult stories before, but it's been a long time. This is just my fantasy, nothing more, nothing less. Please let me know what you think.



People who come here from the mainland are shocked. We wear very little. Until we are eighteen, we wear nothing. When we turn eighteen we become adults and don skirts made of a very light cotton or a loin cloth, depending on whether we are male or female. What we do wear are lots of flowers. Many think that we are loose, having sex with anyone with as little as we wear, and that is and isn't true.

We are not allowed to have sex before eighteen. That is when we are considered mature enough to marry. The flipside of that is that women are not considered eligible to marry until they have their first child. On our eighteenth birthdays, we are dressed in a beautiful skirt and flowers, as much as we can wear, all over our bodies. I have a tight body, small waist, womanly hips, and long legs. My breasts are full but not overly heavy. I have a twin sister who looks almost exactly alike. The difference ends at the face, I'm considered very plain. I'm not ugly, but my nose is a little too long, my eyes are a little too close together, and my mouth is a little too small. My hair is a light brown and my eyes are a dark brown. My sister has black hair and eyes, her facial proportions are perfect, she is beautiful, but something went wrong when she was born. I was born first and came out screaming. My name is Callie. My sister, Fina, wasn't breathing, and it took a little while for them to get her breathing. She is considered simple, she understands what the significance of today is, but all she thinks is that she's going to have a baby after today. Well, that could happen.

The night of our birthday our parents presented us with our skirts and rings of flowers. The skirt our father tied around our waists as our mother wound the flowers around our head, wrists, ankles, waist, and other places. Earlier that day oil had been rubbed into our skin and one of our brothers rubbed a sweet tasting substance on our breasts. They grinned at us as they pushed us out the door. We met up with friends of ours who would be joining us on our adventure and grinned at us. Fina tentatively smiled back as young men from our village watched as parade through the center of town to the gardens. This was where unattached youth from our village met up to have sex. I blushed as I was appraised for the very first time both by young men and their mothers. I wandered these streets butt naked for almost eighteen years, and no one thought anything about me until I get a skirt!

We reach the garden and Fina and I kissed each other's cheeks and found cells where we hung our skirts. Cells are individual hedgerows that form a kind of room for a measure of privacy. I could all ready hear cries of passion all around me. It was a little mesmerizing that my voice could be added to them soon. I wasn't that confident, my sister should be snapped up faster than I. Inside I found a few pillows and blankets stacked against a wall. I pulled down a pillow and light blanket and snuggled down and waited. The evening deepened into night as the crickets lulled me into sleep.

I woke with the feel of a hand between my legs. I opened my eyes slowly to find one of the village boys lying beside me, his mouth latched onto my nipple as he spread my legs. I lay back and closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensations that his hand was generating. He moved down and started licking my clit. My hands went to my breasts and I started fondling my nipples. Finally, my body seized up as my first orgasm tore through my body. The boy, Stephen as it turned out, grinned at me and stretched up to kiss me. My first kiss opened my mouth as his tongue found its way inside. My eyes widened as his cock found the entrance to my pussy. I tried to relax, my mother had warned me that the first time would hurt. He didn't let go of the kiss as he surged forward and tore through my maidenhead. I screamed into his mouth as the pain was intense. He didn't stop, he kept moving. The pain became more and more intense as the friction built up.

Then, suddenly, the pain became less and something else started building. It was a heat that was as intense as the orgasm that he caused with his hands and his mouth. He kept pounding over and over as I lay there gasping until finally he pushed my body over the edge, my body seized up again and clamped down on his cock and he joined me, pouring himself deep inside my womanhood. He collapsed on top of me. Our breathing calmed down as he rolled off me and pulled me to him. I snuggled next to him and he kissed my forehead. Stephen soon left me and I reached between legs and touched my pussy. I looked at my hand and was startled to find blood. I left the blanket to the side and rolled over onto my side, wondering what else the night would bring.