 I am out of bed and dressed before the sun even rises. Val, Cross, and Oasis sleep soundly across the bed. I gather up my gear, leaving the Consort weapons here. I sip tea as I read into memory a dozen spells. Daggers, wands, and a heap of pissed off, I slip downstairs and out the back door. I take two aerial servants with me and have them scout around for anyone watching the bookstore.

Hoping it would be easy by finding them stalking around outside doesn't happen. I make my way over to Downer's, Rogue still laying on the ground snoring loudly. I step inside a find a dozen people standing therein heated argument. One of those people being Reaper.

Reaper is cussing out the bartender and a guard from the gate about his shit being fucked with. The guard makes some crass comment and Reaper lays him out in one punch. The bartender backs away as two others grab Reaper. Reaper shakes them off but puts his hands up when a black haired elf points at him as tells him to calm it down.

"What's gone missing? A bundle of knock out and poison incense perhaps?" I ask as I walk up.

"Those hemlock can kill the user quick as the target. Kids don't need that shit. I had it locked in a box with the gate guard and this fuck laughs it off cause my stuffs went missing." Reaper says trying to kick the guard again. 

"Well someone dumped a lit bundle of it in the mail slot over at the bookshop last night. Anyone got a guess as to why?" I ask.

"How much?" Reaper asks.

"You think they were after Val, Nameless?" Strike asks.

"About 20. Yeah, Strike I think they were after her. She came over talking about the economy folio I worked up and halfway through the conversation, Cross takes a nose dive on the table. I love my magic. I vented the fumes out the chimney. Tossed the stinks in a bucket of mop water." I blurt.

"She said she was headed over there after giving me the folio. Your plans are amazing and could be put to use by weeks end. Who was here when she left?" Strike asks the barkeep.

"You, Logan, Hecter, a couple of halflings. Reaper and Blade were up on the snooker table. Tim, John and me running drinks Paul cooking in the kitchen. I can't think of anyone else that was here when she left. I mean Cross already clocked Rogue, and that twerp Lorrie and her Loletta's left before she did."

"Of those people, who knew Repear's gear was in a lock box at the gate?" I ask Strike.

"Blade and myself. Stan here. Why?" he asks. 

"Well there isn't anyone dead from miss handling the incense so they have to be someone who would know how things get done. Like Reaper locking up his poisons before coming all the way into the Vale." I answer putting the logic of my thinking on the table. 

"Right, and if it wasn't someone from here..." Strike says.

"They weren't after Val, she just happened to be there. Good for Val, bad for Oasis or me or Cross." I say.

"Wait Denven, he's been pining for Oasis for weeks now. He was on duty when Reaper came in the day before yesterday." the barkeep says.

"Let's go talk to Denven the gate guard." Strike says pointing at the doors.

Well, we find Denven in the infirmary suffering from hemlock poisoning. What we don't have is who put it in the bookshop. Denven had been in there since early afternoon. It wasn't put in the bookshop mail slot until after sundown. Strike said he'd look into it and that I should let Val know what the facts were up to this point. I agreed and went back to the shop.

As I get to the back door it opens with a barely dressed Val holding the rest of her things. I step in pushing her back inside. Taking her back upstairs I see Oasis start coffee still half asleep. Cross stretches in the bed and not feeling anyone bolts upright.

"Why am I the last one up?" Cross asks.

"Cause Nameless is weird and Val is embarrassed about waking up with cuddly girls," Oasis says.

"Some guard stole Reapers stuff handed it off to someone else. He's laid up in the infirmary half poisoned in a comma. Val, they know you were here but Oasis either you or myself is the target of this person. He was in the infirmary before the stuff was dropped here."

"Did you say anything about what I did last night?" Val asks red-faced.

"I said we were discussing the economics and Cross took a nosedive in the middle of a sentence."

"Nothing else?" Val asks.

"Your kidding right, Nameless kiss and tell, he couldn't. It goes against his 'himness'." Oasis says pouring coffee.

"I might have said something if they were all other women," I say getting a friendly slap from Oasis.

"Yeah, for you that would be advertising not bragging. Horndog." Cross says with a giggle.

"Look, Val, you want to say something, I'll admit to it. You want to tell them you came on to me and I got all wigged out and fainted. Be my guest. I don't think the ones you're worried about knowing would buy it, but it's up to you." I say.

"Your evil." Val hisses over her coffee.

"Clue could have told you that," Oasis says.

"You didn't notice after catching us in the stockroom?" Cross asks.

Val spit laughs into her coffee.

"Well the day is young and we have an attempted murderer to track down. Oasis you think you can handle being bait?" I ask.

"I think so. You won't let me die?" Oasis asks.

After coffee, Val looking little more together heads out to her place. We get a bite to eat and work up a plan for finding the culprit. Word gets all over the Vale about the folio plan and the poisoned guard. There is no talk about Val or the bookshop save how it relates to me and my economic plan. 

Oasis goes about her usual activities, not drawing undue attention. By mid-afternoon Denven is lucid enough to answer questions. He describes a young woman in an exaggerated way that does nothing to narrow our list of possible suspects. Meaning we were no closer to an answer of which of us was the target or reason for the attempt. Clue met up with me as I walked the roads getting a look at the available shops and services.

"Hi, there hot stud. What ya thinking?" Clue asks falling in to step with me.

"That Denven was whammied somehow. I know most guys get dumber seeing boobs but his recounting of events where to detailed for just dick-blinded forgetfulness. What have you been hearing? Anything odd, not bad per-say, just the sounds odd wouldn't have thought that kinda way?"

"Just that your some kind of genius and it almost has Val forgetting you're a half-blood." Clue winks saying. "Other than that I ain't heard of anything odd. Just the normal dumb for this place."

I look at her tilting my head, "Like what? Who's crushing who or who's seeing this one and thinks no one knows?" I ask half not wanting a real answer.

"That kid stuff will happen anywhere boys and girls spend more than three minutes together. I'm talking about the candy guilds, baby gangs, and the clicks. Like the Loletta's or Hollows. Groups forming in the school in a shady thieves way." she says matter of factly.

"Which ones have been around longest?" I ask.

"Well, those two and the 505. Hollows are smuggle it for you where the Lola are snuggle it for you," she says.

"And the 505?" I ask.

She busts out laughing. "I'm 505, halflings. Didn't you, wait you're a mage. 505 in scholar numbers, DV, as in Digga-Vine. The ask a halfling for the truth kinda thing." she says with a smile. 

I laugh myself, "That's clever, your idea to call it that?"

'No, darn it, it was Vals." she'll admit. "It's why many dirty guilds say 50, or LC, Local Constables."

"So I would drop a coin on the DV to get the skinny on the LC with a BA about HM with BD?"

"I got the bad attitude part but HM with BD?" she asks.

"Hot mages with big dicks," I answer flatly. 

She starts laughing so hard I carry her back to the bookshop. She is still laughing as I get upstairs and get looks from Oasis and Cross both. I tell them only to be the odd one out as all laugh together.

"So how does one attract a Lola?" I ask.

"Really, why?"

"I need an inside bitch. With the way Denven is messed up, magic or potion was used. It wasn't a halfling or a male, so that leaves Lolas. And if I know girls, one is running things and three others want to be her." I say.

"You think all... never mind we are," Oasis says. "Us girls is evil bitches."

"Ask Tammy at the tea room, she is one of the appointment setters." Clue says. "Why else would a boy go in a tea room other then get the nob polished?"

"I don't do that stuff. I mean other than you, Nameless." Oasis says.

"I know, I trust you," I say to her. "So, Tammy, Tea Room."

"Get a booth and ask about the hotties specials" Clue says.

"I have a sudden taste for tea and scones," I say heading for the stairs.

"I think they are going to know who you are," Cross says.

"I'm counting on it," I say from halfway down the stairs.

I make my way over to the tea room and find the place crowded with people. I ask one of the halflings what's going on. He says it's like this two or three days every other week. I look in the window and see Loretta sitting at a table with a group of girls. Tammy drops a slip of paper on the table as she passes it. A waitress other than Tammy stops and refills tea cups.

Looking at the booths, two have only one guy sitting in them while the others have a full group sitting in them. A girl gets up from Loretta's table and another takes her place. The one that stood walks over to one of the single occupant tables and sits across from him. I make my way inside, shake a hand or two, answer a question, letting the crowd hinder me.

Tammy drops a slip and Loretta nods at a girl nodding at a booth. The girl stands and before another girl takes the chair I park my ass in it. Loretta looks at me coldly, one of the others starts mouthing off about this being their table.

"Shut up slut, my business is with the madam. Now we can talk nicely or I can get evil and put you out of the Vale. Still, want me to leave?" I ask, not taking my eyes off Loretta.

"Sally could we get a fresh cup for Nameless, please. What business did you want to talk about?" she asks holding up a hand to quiet the other girls.

"Yours. How I can help you make more money, offer more specials without any fear of getting knocked up and giving you a chance to join me." I say flat out.

"Why would I need to join you? I have a good thing going. The girls and I are making plenty of money." she says softly.

"Well, you can be my partner or my competition. I will be opening a brothel here in the Vale. I am giving you a chance to stay in business." I say.

"Valkyrie would never agree to that. Your lying." She hisses.

"Believe me or not. But you pull another stunt like that incense one, not only will we not have a deal. I'll shove a wine bottle into your cunt and turn you into a pussycat. You have until sunset to make up your mind. I'll be in the bookshop." I say then stand and leave the table.

She doesn't ask anything. Just watches me walk out of the tea room. I think about it and maybe I could have been more diplomatic. But one of them had the nastiest smelling perfume. I was about to gack on the table. Turning the corner I notice a girl trying to not be noticed following me. I get to the middle of the street in front of the bookshop and wave her out of the shadows and point at the door.

She half looks like she is going to bolt but scoots across the road and ducks into the bookstore. I close the door after following her in. Oasis tilts her head looking at me and then back at the girl.

"Can I help you?" Oasis asks the girl.

"I'm here to... I know why they tried to poison all of you." the girl says timidly.

"Let's talk upstairs," I say. "Oasis keep an eye out and let me know the moment Loretta shows up."

"I... but it was her, I should go before they see me," she says backing towards the door.

"I know it was her. Tell me why?" I ask.

"She wants the bookshop. She has been talking about this place since she got here. Then Oasis came back and well she thought if she died in it, no one would want it. That way she could con someone and get it." 

"And she didn't care who died?" I ask.

"I don't think so. She has girls thinking she is their friend by getting them in on the blow for dough game. She is setting them up for some outsider. She never does any of it herself. It's weird how some of them started working with her. The 'I'd nevers' joining up with her in a snap. And it's always the plain pretty ones." she rambles.

"I see, take this book. Oasis let her out the back." I say. "Study that and come back in a few days."

She looks at the book skeptically but tucks in under her arm and follows Oasis to the back door.

"What did you give her?" Oasis asks.

"A study guide of Illusion magic," I say. "Keep watch for Loretta. I think I have to change my game plan. Cross! You're going to really enjoy this."

Once upstairs I get Cross in the silver collar and some nice bondage to the four post bed. I put on the slaver's ring. Give her some nice teasing, even let Oasis have a little fun with her. Cross is moaning and begging. I can't help but get half a stiffy from listening to all her slutty pleas. It isn't long before Loretta is walking towards the door. I muzzle Cross and pet her little patch then head downstairs. 

"I'm here to talk, so talk," Loretta says snotting as can be.

"Is that how you want to make this? I can deal with that." I say.

"Don't try any of your shit mage. I got protection from your tricks." she sneers.

"You really think some trinket will stop all of my spells?" I ask.

"I can null anything you throw." she says arrogantly.

"Null this bitch!" Oasis barks punching Loretta in the face. Before she can recover Oasis decks her again.

Loretta hits the floor like a ton of bricks. I step over her, turn the open sign to closed and lock the door. Lifting Loretta from the floor Oasis takes her legs so we can haul her upstairs. Cross cusses through the gag. Putting the girl on the floor I take it off her.

"What the fuck? Aren't you going to ravage me?" Cross asks.

I pick up the receiver rings. "Like never before. And I'm going to make this little bitch watch and feel every bit of it with an extra level of evil for good measure." I say. "Oasis, strip her, bind her wrists to her ankles, and then her elbows together. Put one of these on each of her hands."

"I think I'm going to cum just thinking about it." Cross admits humping her hips at me.

"You horn demon better keep those horns hidden. Not a joke this time. Understand me?"

"Yes, Master." I get from both women. 

Cross is writhing with anticipation. Oasis has the girl stripped and bond as instructed. I strip out of my clothes and tell Oasis to go get Valkyrie quickly by using the back door. I use the ring to put the slaver's mark on her chest giving me control of her. I get a wide mouth pitcher down and a bottle of wine. Cross watches asking what I am going to do with all the things I gathered.

I look over the table at the buggy whip and cleavers wondering if this is taking it too far. When Val gets there I set her a spot to watch from out of the girls sight. Get her a glass of wine and offer similar services for her should she need them at a later date. I turn my back on Loretta and slap Crosses pussy loudly. Cross moans and Loretta yelps.

"Where am I? What do you thin..." Loretta starts to say as I push three fingers into Cross's drippy twat.

"Shut up, you will speak only when asked a question." I command with the ring.

Her eyes go wide with fear when she can't force words from her mouth. 

"Oasis put her on her knees over some drop cloths. I don't want her pissing on the floor. The smell of virgin piss would get bothersome after a day or two."

"With pleasure, Master." She answers, Val squirming in her seat. 

"You little bitch are going to get fucked until you can't cry anymore," I say pulling the finger out of Cross. "And I am going to make you watch every second. Doesn't that sound nice?"

"NO!" she screams bucking around trying vainly to say more.

"You going to tell me who you work for?" I ask.

"Myself!" she says start to snivel.

"Well, we will get a real answer from you soon enough. Oasis put a chamber pot under her. I was wondering when I could try this." I say taking the wide mouth pitcher from the table. Once the pot is under her I turn to Cross. I step close and hold the pitcher to her pussy. 

"You've up here all morning waiting for me to play with you. I bet you have to pee. Piss in the pitcher and I'll lick you after you finish." I say to Cross licking her cheek.

Standing is not a normal position for a woman to relieve herself but Cross moans and a stream of urine flow from her into the pitcher. The sound of liquid pouring into an empty pot starts behind me. Cross pants and quivers looking into my eyes and seeing the sneer on my face.

I move the pitcher and take a knee. I flatten my tongue and lick her wetly from base to clit. Cross goes ridged in the restrains letting out a deep moan. I stand back up, take a step to the table pushing a chair closer to the girl, and take a wine glass from the table.

"I think this will take a while, so here is the deal," I say filling the glass from the pitcher. "Until you empty this pitcher, the only thing you will eat will be my cock. Understand?"

"Disgusting." she squeals. Val also seems unnerved at the statement. I set the glass on the chair in front of her.

"Well if you get thirsty," I say setting the pitcher next to the glass.

Oasis steps in front of the girl lifting the pot from between her legs. "You need to pee more?" she asks.

"No." Loretta whimpers.

"Who do you work for?" I ask again taking up the buggy whip.

"Myself." Loretta whines.

"You came on my tongue. I didn't tell you to cum." I say to Cross as I grab one of her breasts and smack her nipple with the buggy whip. Cross moans, Loretta screams bloody murder and breaking down in tears. I give the other a smack as well.

I hold two fingers to her snatch. "Hump my finger until you cum," I say to Cross. 

She twerks her hips grinding her clit on my fingers as much as she can. She grunts and hisses through clenched teeth. I watch Loretta squirms at the sensations, her cunny dripping juices in a steady interval. A sigh escapes Cross as a flow of hot liquid pours over my fingers. Loretta cries as her body squirts in release. 

I feel really sadistic. I start patting Cross's labia in an easy rhythm then a nice loud slap. Once more Cross groans and squirts, Loretta whimpers as squirts. I scrape my mails up her sides before giving her nipples a pinch and tug. I turn my back to Cross for a minute.

"You snotty little prude. How do you get the other girls to suck those dicks for you?" I ask Loretta.

"Hypno-charm." she freely speaks.

"You know for her this is just foreplay. She loves it dirty and rough. Think you can take it?" I ask.

"No." She sobs.

"Did you even think about who you would kill with that incense?" I ask.

"No." with more tears.

"Why do you want this building?" I ask.

"It's mine!" she yells the fire back in her voice.

"Sleep!" I say. Loretta falls to the side.

""What you do that for she was talking?" Val says jumping up out of her chair.

"But the anger wasn't natural. She went from weepy to bloodlust in one question. Something is in this girls head that isn't hers. She said she used a hypno-charm. Not something you just pop over to a shop and haggle a deal for. Like this slaver's ring, not an item you can buy even in a good market."

"Want me to see if Scelene will road trip?" Oasis asks.

"Yes, like ASAP. If this is what or who I suspect, I am glad we are taking it slow on getting your sister." I say looking at Oasis. 

"Vilkirk's bitch in arms?" Valkyrie asks.
