 Getting a little Sci-fi here. Why not?

*

Sailors and marines stood at attention for their Captain. This peculiar planet needed explaining to these young men and women, especially those who had never been there.

"First, nudity is accepted here. You are expected to be professional, but, what you do down there with or without your clothes, is none of my business. There are a few rules you need to keep in mind. You do not touch anyone under the age of eighteen. If they're not wearing clothes in public they're under eighteen! What I mean by clothes is this: loincloths for men, skirts for women. It's pretty hot down there, so don't be afraid to adapt to their customs if you wish. If you're approached by someone, have fun, but don't force yourself on anyone.

"When you get down there, you will be shown both the gardens and the red light district," she paused as snickers erupted from around the room. "You will find pleasures at either location to fit your needs. In the gardens it's pretty simple, if there's a skirt at the door, there's a girl inside, and a boy with a loincloth. Just make sure that they're amenable to your advances if they're the same sex. We can get you out of many troubles you might encounter down there, but if you kill someone, molest a minor, or rape someone, you are on your own. Happy shore leave! Dismissed!" 

As one the audience saluted and relaxed. "There are some incredible places down there that you can live out your fantasies, legally!" Jennie, an engineer with an ass and tits to die for exclaimed. "If you're into D/S or S/M, or just fantasies in general, this is the place!"

James, one of the navigators, sighed. This was Imperial Space Navy. In fact, the Emperor lived on this planet. A mostly water world, large islands dotted the seas along the equator. The largest island housed the imperial palace. This was his first trip to the homeworld, as it was referred to, and he was looking forward to it. He was scheduled on the first shuttles out for shore leave. A week down and back to the ship so the next shift could get down world. He was good looking, tall, dark brown hair and striking green eyes, he'd never had trouble luring anyone, man or woman, into his bed.

James picked up his bag and headed for a shuttle. The quick trip to the surface allowed him to fantacize what he would like to do. Honestly, he wanted to find a Master and maybe train to become a Dom, and he'd been told if he could manage that, his service would be transferred worldside. It was funny, the islanders considered "space" as the mainland and the islands as home. Jennie had been specific about how he became a "submissive" as they called it. He simply had to "attack" a dominant. "They're the ones carrying collars and leashes, or leading other submissives. Attack them, give a good fight and allow them to overpower you and have sex with you and collar you." Somehow, James didn't think it was that easy.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

I was currently learning how to perform a blowjob with a willing friend, Casey, I suddenly realized that we were not alone. I looked with my eyes and found Fina sitting in the corner crying. I couldn't for the life of me understand why she was sitting there crying. I brought my mouth to the head of Casey's cock and started to lightly suck on it. That was it, he groaned and I plunged his moderately sized penis down my throat and allowed his cum to pour inside. I didn't particularly care for the taste of it, but she swallowed it down. His manhood softened as I looked up at Fina, "What's wrong, Sweetheart?" Casey asked softly.

"N...nobody will touch me. They've looked in and just gone on!" she announced sobbing. The trouble was we ran a dominant/submissive/fantasy house. Our family was so respected that royalty and the gentry came to us to learn the "trade". Fina was destined for a family nearby as a submissive, or sub, herself. She just had to lose her virginity. Fina may be lacking in intelligence, but my family had made sure she knew what would happen to her tonight. She had even seen it performed in the house, inevitable considering the business. The home and the business were two sides of the house. You had to physically leave one side of the house and go to the other side of the next building to get into the other.

You might ask if we were being forced to do this. No, there are those in our society who choose to put off this act, or not to do it at all. There is no stigma to either decision, but Fina had fallen in love with a son in the other family, and this was her way to his side. She had many skills, she was the best cook in the house, and we would miss that, but she deserved to be able to make that decision. Casey gave her a gentle smile and patted the ground beside him, hope flared as she scooted over and I backed off. "You can say no at any time," Casey said gravely. Fina nodded and laid back as he grasped her full breasts. I watched as he suckled on her breasts and fondled her pussy. I leaned back and started to rub my clit, her moans spurring me on. I made circular motions on my breasts and continued to play with my womanhood, soon plunging my fingers into my canal.

It was Fina's scream of pain that caused me to crawl over and start wiping her tears away. I knew the pain would end and my hands seemed to comfort her as he continued to pump into her. Finally, I heard her groans become sharp gasps as she built to her own climax. "Oh, Goddess!!!" she finally cried as her body spasmed below Casey. Casey moaned as he released his own load deep within her. He withdrew and rolled over onto his back, and I realized with a grin, that he was still hard. I straddled him and slowly sank down on his willing manhood. My walls clenched around him as I shifted into a pleasurable angle and started moving up and down. Casey reached up and fondled my breasts as we both built to a climax. The heat was incredible as the pleasure kept building. Suddenly, I felt him release inside me and I collapsed on top of him as I went over the edge. I slipped off him and cuddled next to him, Fina joined me on his other side. All three of us fell asleep.

The next morning we walked out of the cell and found three collars and leashes in my family's colors beside my skirt. Today was my first test. All three of us would walk through town carrying our first clothes. Fina would be attacked by Sonny, put up a little bit of a struggle, and submit and be collared. Casey might be, but it was more likely he would be marking a girl for a likely wife for future courtship. Me, if it came today, it would to be either to make me a sub, or make them my sub. I grabbed the leashes and my skirt and waited as they grabbed their clothes and we made our way out of the garden and into town.

We had just crossed the square when Sonny struck. Fina gave a good fight, although, neither was actually hurt in the process, he turned her over his knee and spanked her before taking her from behind. I watched as she stared up at him with worshipful eyes as he snapped the collar around her neck. He turned to look at me and I nodded my head. I bent down and kissed her on the cheek. Her contract had been negotiated weeks ago, she would be taken care of. Casey slung a companionable arm around my shoulder as I started to cry. My sister was gone.

We were almost home when I was attacked. I was so surprised that I almost let go of the collars in my hand, I fought, wondering who it was. I kicked, but didn't scream, this was my first test. Somehow, although my attacker was considerably larger than I, I got the upper hand and found my hands full of clothing. This was a mainlander, specifically, military. I shook my head as I managed to get his large frame to the ground. My brothers had taught me well as I sat on top of him and looked down at him. His hair was black and his eyes were green and I lifted an eyebrow. He would make a striking addition to our home. I reached down and started pulling off his clothes. They ripped easily under my grasping fingers and all that was left were his shoes. His cock was impressive, but the very act of making him submit had made me wet, so I rode him, and rode him hard.

As I collared him I asked him his name. We needed to send to the palace to make sure he didn't go AWOL. James, he said. I had him stand up. "Put your hands behind your head and walk in front of me. Don't worry, I won't let you get lost. I grasped his leash and found Casey behind us, admiring my new catch, I knew Casey would be coming around, this was an exotic, and Casey was gentry, he could afford him. I immediately took him into the shop and found my brother, Luke, at the desk. His eyes widened as he saw my catch. He took him into the back for measurements and room assignment. I followed them upstairs to find him put in a room with five other men.

"We'll have a contract drawn up for you tonight, James. This will spell out the terms of your stay with us. Including safe words, dos and don'ts, that sort of thing. The palace is getting word today of your transfer of duty. Don't want you hanged for desertion." James just nodded, his twenty-three years had never prepared him for this, but this never felt more right.