 We learn more about the biology of the people of the islands and the oceans. I realize that some of this is probably impossible, but this is fantasy, definitely NOT reality. lol



James lay on his back, his hands behind his head and staring up at the ceiling. He tried to keep his mind off what was happening with his cock. A girl, one of the fantasy workers, knelt beside him teasing his cock into an erect position with her hands and some lotion. He wasn't sure what purpose this served, but it took every ounce of his self-control not to cum in her hand.

"There," she announced. He glanced down to find his soldier standing fully at attention. She pulled out a leather piece that he couldn't quite grasp the use of. He saw her wrap it around his manhood and lace it up. This placed his cock in a permanently upright position. He watched as the girl, Sabrina by name, walked over the sink and washed her hands clear of the lotion. "You have any questions before Sebastian gets here? I'm free to answer them, unlike the Subs."

"Why are you a fantasy girl?" he asked, suddenly curious.

"You've noticed that there are two properties? One is the family residence, the other is the 'shop'. You live in the 'shop'. Well, so do I, but not all the fantasy people live here. We get paid to allow people to live out their fantasies. Subs can also do this to earn some money, but it's up to you and your Dom." He watched as she pulled on her skirt, something denied Subs, and grinned at him, "You'd be popular if you chose to do that. Ah, hello Sebastian," she said with a smile for the elderly gentleman who entered the room. Sebastian grinned at Sabrina and reached out to pinch a breast. She laughed fondly and said, "You know you have to pay for that!" 

"You don't blame an old man for trying!" he replied with a chuckle. James stared, Sebastian was gray haired, what little hair he had, and blue eyed, but that wasn't his most striking feature. He wore a gray, pin-striped suit. It was also made of a light-weight linen. He also carried a briefcase. "You must be James Monroe," he said, holding out his hand.

James sat up and shook the man's hand. The other end of James' leash was attached to a line about midway down the wall. These were stretched throughout the shop, giving each Sub freedom of movement, while showing them their limits. They were expected to move around on their hands and knees. James steadfastly looked at Sebastian, "You're a lawyer."

Sebastian reached forward and rubbed the head of James' penis with a practiced hand. James groaned, pre-cum came out at the old man's coaxing. "Don't worry, I won't tell Callie, you're her first Sub, you know." He opened the briefcase and extracted paperwork. "This is a preliminary contract for you to approve. I'll have a full one for you tomorrow. The first part of the contract has to do with your service in the Interstellar Navy, or whatever they call it. You'll be required to spend two weeks each year serving the palace in a Naval Guard capacity, not hard considering this planet is mostly water. Just initial here to acknowledge this, it's just a slight change in the contract you signed when you joined the services." 

James read it and signed. The rest of the contract James read through, and occasionally asked questions, "What is a safe word?"

"It is a word you can utter when you feel you feel that you've been pushed too far. It'll let your Dom know that you need a break. I've dealt with these contracts before, they don't want to break you, just train you well, for a future in such places as the palace itself." Sebastian watched as he wrote down a word, "Mayalla". "Curious, I didn't know you were from Sigada. Interesting you'd use their word for 'mother' for your safe word. I will see you tomorrow at the palace so you can sign this in front of Naval Witnesses."

James watched with fascination as the old man exited the room. He watched as he patted the occasional bottom. Soon, another girl crawled in the room. She approached him and sat back on her heels. She was the most beautiful creature he had ever met. Her hair and eyes had a faint, silvery sheen. Her skin was a dusky rose color and while her breasts were generous, they weren't overly voluptuous. When she reached her hands around to the back of her neck he noticed pronounced webbing between her fingers. "My name is Calliope. I have been tasked with showing you around."

James slipped off the bed and onto his knees, she grinned at him, "You learn quickly, follow me." She lead him down a hall to a room on the right, "This is where we eat when we are in residence." She said as she stood. "Come on, in these rooms we are free to be ourselves. Stand up, talk freely, bathe. The only thing we cannot do is sexual activity, that is reserved for your Dom. Let me be more specific, you'll service many Doms here, but you'll have one main trainer, that's the one who collared you. You can even remove your collar here, just remember to replace it before you leave, or you'll be punished."

They entered a dressing room. Dressers and mirrors stood everywhere. They approached one with his name on it. Razors, shaving cream and all sorts of lotions decorated its top. It was obvious that he was expected to remain stubble free. A note sat on top, "I just require that you do not grow a beard or mustache. I do not want you to have no body hair, like a man with hair I can run my hands through." Callie.

"You must be the newest acquisition," they turned to find an older lady standing behind them. She wore a simple brown skirt and her grey streaked brown hair was held up in a bun. "I am Elista, the matron of this establishment. If you have any problems, come to me." They followed her into the next room which held a large bathing pool, several young men and women all lounged inside. Many greeted them as they passed through, on the other side a lounge filled with cushions on the floor, Calliope immediately went in and sank down on the cushions with a sigh. She patted a pillow beside her.

"Where are you from?" he asked, curiously.

"The ocean," Calliope replied. "I am what many civilizations would refer to as a mermaid. Our tails disappear when they dry after we turn eighteen. Your own Dom, everyone who's turned eighteen, also can go to the sea."

"They grow a tail?" he asked, curiously.

"Sort of, maybe the Mistress will let you see."

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

I stood on the seashore with my friends, even my sister Fiona. Sonny sat nearby to see what would happen. We are a semi-aquatic species. When we reach maturity, we become able to breathe underwater as well as above it. This was our first chance to try it. I let my skirt flutter to the ground and could see a pod of our mermaid cousins awaiting our presence to join them. They sang to us in their peculiar language as we took our first tentative steps into the sea. I could feel my legs begin to transform as I dove into the surf, not wanting to fall.

I turned to look at my new shape. It wasn't a true tail. My legs joined to my knees where it split off to two fins. I shrugged, and moved them as a single tail. It felt strange, I was so used to kicking with two feet. I drew my first breath of water and found myself fighting the feeling of drowning. I did not black out and found myself exhaling. I soon adjusted to the new sensations as I opened my eyes underwater. I saw a fish. I reached out a finger and touched it. It darted away, much like a bird. I swam further out and met the pod who had come to greet us. Silver haired and silver eyed, they had tails and were just as bare as I was. I grinned and approached them.

They beckoned us to join them. We swam with them occasionally jumping over the surface, flying above it and spinning and flipping. Each fantastic twist and turn more dizzying than the last. It seemed like hours before we turned back for the shore. I noticed one of the mermen following me. I hauled myself back onto the beach and started coughing up the water in my lungs. It was a scene that others were playing around me as I could feel my legs returning. I finally crawled up to where my skirt lay crumpled and found the merman following me.

He flipped over onto his back and allowed his body to dry. In the water he had introduced himself as Skya, and the number of pearl strands decorating his body indicated that he was of high rank, maybe even a Prince. I rolled over onto my left side to allow him to make the first move if he so chose. His webbed hands felt curiously soft on my breasts. His caresses were soft and gentle leaving me with a tingling sensation as he turned me over onto my back. Skya locked eyes with me and suddenly I couldn't move or even resist. I didn't want to resist, the sensations coursing through my body made last night's fun seem like child's play. He lowered his head to my nipple and began to suck. It felt like tiny electrical impulses erupted from the contact point as his hand spread my legs apart and began to play. The webbing on his hands seemed to mean that he was able to be in contact with every single sensitive part of my pussy at once.

I moaned as his hand continued in tiny circles down at my womanhood. I was not prepared when three of his fingers entered my vagina. I didn't fight, scream, or try to get away from him, I surrendered. I closed my eyes and rode his caressing fingers as the tension built up. Finally, I could hold it back no more as I burst all over his hand. He smiled as he took the fluid and spread it over his impressive manhood. It looked to be about eight inches in length and impressive in diameter. I was a little nervous, the first time a land dweller was taken was in the back, not the front. I was suddenly nervous about my ass. I was able to reach out and grasp my skirt as he rolled me back onto my side. 

I felt his fingers spread my buttocks and something cold and wet being smeared in and around my crack. The sudden pressure against my rectum made me gasp and I hugged my skirt even tighter to me as he slowly pushed his way in. Once the head was in he stopped to let me get adjusted to the feeling of it. "Hang on," he said, brushing my hair from my neck, "this will get easier." I wasn't so sure about that, but used my hands to receive all the tension in my body, willing my other muscles to relax. I could tell when they relaxed, he started pushing his way into my rectum once again. It seemed like hours as his manhood stretched my ass in ways I never thought possible. My eyes were tightly closed when I realized he was fully inside me. I opened them and curiously saw the setting sun as began to move inside me. It was very uncomfortable. He moved slowly, not wanting to hurt me, but I could tell he wouldn't be able to keep that pace forever. I started to think of other things than what was happening to me right now, my mother, kittens and puppy dogs, and Casey last night came immediately to mind. Last night's activities must have done the trick because it soon no longer hurt as much and started to feel good. 

"Good," I heard him mutter as he picked up the pace. The hand not occupied with my hips reached around to fondle my clit once more. I groaned and started to buck against him. "Very good," he said again. I couldn't believe I came with him up my backside. He stopped as the rush of his hands and his dick overwhelmed my senses. I came around to find myself pressed against another chest and my topmost let being lifted accommodatingly. I barely had time to register another male of Skya's clan penetrating me from the front before I was overwhelmed. The assault on my senses from both front and back was too much. I'd heard double penetration was intense, but this was something I was completely unprepared for and was suddenly just along for the ride. And what a ride this was. Nothing was left to chance as the only thing that was left untouched were my toes. Skya's clan mate, Resde I would soon learn, leaned in to kiss me. This sent me over the edge once more as I locked up around both men. This drew them over the edge as well as I could feel unloading themselves deep inside me.

I lay there sandwiched between two male bodies and became aware of the quiet of the beach around me. Fiona was sandwiched between Sonny and another merman. There were several others, men and women, around me, but the rest seemed to have single partners. The sun had set, so I snuggled up to Resde's chest for a nap, Skya rested his head against my bare back as we all fell into a deep slumber.

The next morning I awoke even more sore than the morning before. All of us went for a swim and when I went home, Skya came with me on a leash. It seems his family had contracted him out to mine six months before, and this was a good time for him to leave with me. He and Resde embraced, apparently they had been lovers and this was as sweet a parting as I'd seen. Resde kissed Skya gently before turning back to the surf and diving in. The flick of his tail said he was gone as Skya trudged in front of me, his hands behind his head. Since he wasn't a conquest, any Dom could take him. I delivered him to the shop and went back to the residence where I collapsed on my bed. I felt hands on my body as someone massaged lotion into my abused muscles.

"How was it?" my brother, Luke, asked.

"Wonderful," I said as I sank into sleep under his caressing hands