 Just a word of warning, there is bisexual activity in this chapter. M/M and M/F. I would appreciate some input, if anyone wouldn't mind. My appreciation goes out to Chuck, who has been kind enough to help me out, and keep me out of occasional trouble! lol

*

Skya and James stood in the middle of the dressing room with their arms stretched out straight. They were being decorated for their presentation to the royal court. They had both been to the palace earlier to sign the contracts and formalize their positions. Now, they would be presented to the King, Queen and their family and courtiers. A new collar and leash, made of gold and studded with pearls and emeralds, decorated their necks. The leather thongs around their penises had strings of flowers and gold chains hanging from it. A red cloth was positioned behind their balls and tied back and around their waists.

Flowers seemed to be a favorite decoration. They encircled his wrists, head and ankles. They also dripped from his shoulders, elbows and wrists. When his hands were clasped behind neck, James would look like he was wearing a cape of flowers. Ellista was giving them instructions, "Mistress Callie will be taking you to court, this is her debut as well, so be careful. She will be carried from the front door here all the way to the palace. Her feet are not to touch the floor until after court is over. We have experienced subs who will show you how this is done. If you stay behind with your dom, you will have sex with members of the royal family, be prepared for the fact that you may be taken by the male members of the family. We do not expect you to crawl all the way there, or trip because your eyes were always on the ground, but, your hands must remain behind your heads. Follow the lead of the more experienced subs, what they do, follow."

"Yes, Ma'am," they responded.

"Good, you do have manners. Do not respond unless you are being addressed. You'll do all right," the fantasy girls finished their tasks with a deep bronze lotion rubbed all over their bodies, paying special attention to their buttocks. She slapped his ass forcing his legs open. He became apprehensive as lotion was forced into his ass, he took a deep breath and tried to force his anal muscles to relax as something long and thin intruded itself into it. 

She took it with a slow, practiced hand, "Relax, when it's done, I'll turn it on, and you'll enjoy. Don't worry about it getting lost, there's a top with a loop that will wind around your waist." He thought about other things, even the beautiful woman behind him while he was being violated. Suddenly, it was done, and she was tying it around his waist. She waited about a moment while he regained control of his breathing. "Ready?" she asked. He didn't trust himself and simply nodded his head. He felt her twist something on the back of the item up his ass and it started to vibrate. He closed his eyes against the sudden surge of pleasure against the uncomfortable intrusion. He grew accustomed to it and hazarded a glance at Skya whose face looked ecstatic.

"I know this is uncomfortable, but this will get you accustomed to this for future encounters, maybe even today. Make us proud," she left the room and lead them downstairs where six other men waited with a woman who was clothed from head to toe. She wore a light scarf over her hair held in place with a thin beaten banc of gold, veil covered her face, leaving only her eyes exposed. In fact, that was the only thing exposed on her entire body. She wore a loose blouse that covered her to her wrists, thin gloves covered her hands. Pantaloons ballooned out around her legs, binding at the waist and ankles. Cloth shoes covered her feet. All this was a simple rose color. One of the other men bent down and picked her up and placed her on his left shoulder. He carried her to a golden pavilion set on a raised dais where she pulled her legs in and closed the golden curtains.

Four of the men shouldered the pavilion, the other two motioned them to precede them and reminded them where to put their hands and they proceeded down the road to the palace. They weren't the only ones as four other pavilions fell in before and after them. James kept his eyes firmly ahead. The short journey ended at another dais where the first pavilion was deposited and a man slid from it and into a chair where four of his attendants lifted it and carried it up the steps. Two female subs, one looking a lot like his own dom, followed him. This was followed by his own pavilion as she slid onto the shoulder of the waiting attendant and he followed them up to the steps. This was repeated until five doms and eleven subs stood on the steps with their respective attendants.

An older gentleman wearing a gold loincloth greeted them. He called himself Makow, he lead them into the palace and down grand corridors of marble and into a throne room. Each dom stopped in front of the King and Queen and James followed the examples around him and knelt before them. He kept his eyes firmly on the floor in front of him. He was aware of a throng of people around them wearing a colorful array of skirts and loincloths. He saw the feet of the monarchs as they approached them. One by one, they all stood and endured inspection. He heard moans and realized some of the inspections became personal. Soon, he was pulled to his feet and a hand raised his chin to make his eyes meet those of the queen. She smiled as she saw his eyes. She didn't pause as she pushed him toward two others who waited off to the side of the line. Three others, Skya included, joined them. Three doms joined them as the monarchs declared the audience over and left the room. He followed them. The subs were lead into a separate room where all their decorations, except the vibrating one up their asses, from their bodies.

They were lead into another room where, with a start, he realized his dom was, stripped of all her clothes, lounging on cushions next to one of the princes. She laughed at a joke before she noticed their return. She waved Skya and James over, "This is James. He attacked me on the day after my eighteenth birthday, and submitted rather quickly. I've already had requests for him in the fantasy shop. Skya, of course, joined me on the beach last night..." she smiled at both men. She motioned for them to kneel in front of them. The prince had them turn around as his hands roamed over his firm ass. He then nodded to a servant who removed the vibrator and leather thong. 

"Andrew, stop playing with him!" a sultry voice joined in. A beautiful woman joined them carrying a red drink in her hand. 

"If you want him, Lacy," he said with a glint in his eye. She sat next to them and reached out and caressed James' manhood. Instead of proceeding further, she sank into the cushions next to Andrew and Callie.

"How was last night," she asked Callie.

"I'm sore," Callie said with a laugh. "But, oh wow, I wouldn't have traded that for anything."

James listened to the conversation of the women until he was suddenly pushed onto his hands and knees. There was a brief lull in the conversation as both women noticed who was behind him. James kept his eyes locked on the floor under him. He felt hands spread his ass once again as something warm and alive invaded his rectum. He spread his legs even further, wanting nothing more than to show his submission to the royal family. This was his only chance, his family's only chance, at a better life.

He heard a laugh behind him, "It's as if he was desperate to do this!"

Callie looked up at Andrew who knelt behind James, with a raised eyebrow, "I haven't had a chance to hear his story, it might be interesting."

Andrew bottomed out in James' ass. James groaned as hands reached around to grasp his balls and caress it, "Don't be afraid of cumming here." James almost lost it there as Andrew, with long, practiced strokes, started pounding his ass. Both women stopped conversing to watch their reactions. James moaned and closed his eyes. He'd never actually had a man inside him, and had never imagined that it could feel like this. "Go ahead, play with yourself," the voice said behind him.

James reached down with one hand, still supporting himself with one hand and started stroking his manhood. His hand stroked up and down his shaft to match the strokes from behind. It was all he could do not to cum as wave after wave of pleasure poured through his body. Finally, as he heard cry out he let go, he allowed himself to let go. He saw out of the corner of his eye as Andrew returned to his spot beside the two women.

"Sit," Callie told him. She watched as he sat back on his bottom, returning his hands to the back of his neck. One of the servants came over to wash the Prince's cock with soap and water. "Do they get paid extra for that?"

The servant chuckled, "No, I volunteered. I like meeting the new subs. Sometimes, I even get to enjoy myself." She glanced over her shoulder, "I'm ripe, you see..."

Callie chuckled, "Go on, enjoy yourself." 

Andrew pouted as the girl practically pounced on James, "What about me?" Callie chuckled as she picked up the cloth and continued to clean the prince. Andrew pushed her onto her back, "I think you need a bit of cleaning yourself." Lacy laughed as she handed him a bowl of fruit juice. He drizzled its contents over her body.

Andrew started at her toes, delicately sucking at each toe. He licked his way up each calf. His breath tickled the hairs. When he got to the juncture between her thighs he moved up to her fingers. He put each between his teeth and gently running both teeth and tongue over each digit. His slowly moving tongue made her sigh in anticipation as he made his way over to a nipple. He ran his tongue over it before settling down to suckle. His left hand drifted over to her other nipple.

Andrew lifted his mouth from that nipple and ran his tongue across to the other nipple. He blew on her nipple, hardening it before attaching his mouth again. She moaned and her left hand drifted up to run through it. Slowly, yet again he worked his way back to the place between her breasts and licked his way down. He paused briefly to make sure her belly button was clean causing fluttery sensations through to her womb. He paused long enough to drench her pussy in the fruit juice. He proceeded to clean it with his tongue. He finally paid special attention to the aroused little nub, causing her to moan. He gently took it between his teeth and sucked, causing her to cry out. She felt his tongue playing with her and moaned. Soon, fingers entered her canal with expertise, moving in and out. She soon seized up around his fingers. Honey poured out of her vagina as he lapped it up. Andrew grinned up at her and then travelled upward far enough to look down at her, "You taste very sweet."

Callie laughed and reached up and caressed his cheek with her fingers. She gasped as with one swift move joined their bodies. She was suddenly experiencing the prowess of the Prince that James had, and moaned in appreciation. She glanced over to find the servant riding James like a bucking bronco. It turned her on as she built to her first climax. He brushed over her most sensitive parts with abandon. The heat built up between them causing her hips to rise up to meet him. The pace picked up as they raced toward a climax. He groaned as she seized up around him. He allowed himself to lose himself inside her. He rarely came inside women, he didn't want children.

Andrew lay down beside her and looked up at the ceiling, "You'll come back, right?" She sat up and punched him in the shoulder. He grabbed her hand and pulled her roughly to him, "I haven't tried your other sub, you'll be back."

Callie chuckled, "So I'm worth my weight in exotic subs?"

"So, James, what made you leave Sigada for the navy, or even here?" Callie heard the Queen ask.

No, going to save this tale for the next chapter. Hope you're not too disappointed.