 So, now we learn more about James, and where he comes from.

On Sigada, like many other planets, winter turns to spring and a young man's mind turns to thoughts of love, or sex, most likely sex. Sigada is more restrictive about sex. It was not supposed to happen until the young people married. The craziest part is, like here, no offer is made until a woman has successfully born a child. So, mothers tend to look the other way, unless they disapprove of the boy between their daughter's legs. 

Abigail's peasant blouse yielded to James' insistent hands and revealed alabaster orbs topped with dusty pink peaks. She pulled her arms out of the blouse and wrapped her hands around his head as he pushed her against the barn door. The only place they could find out of sight of the house was behind the barn, and she was determined to lose her virginity. James was an all too willing accomplice as one hand encircled a breast, his mouth lowered to suckle, and the other hand traveled up her skirts to a bare slit. Girls tended to wear nothing beneath their clothes as the weather became warmer. Pantaloons and corsets abandoned for comfort or a quickie. Abigail gasped and spread her legs as he found her sweet spot and she reached around to pull his cock out of his pants. "Hurry! My mother is probably looking for me all ready."

James grinned, "Cover your mouth, this will hurt." He moved her skirts out of the way and cupped her buttocks with his hands and picked her up. He settled the tip of his manhood at her entrance as he whispered in her ear, "Ready?" She nodded, clamping a hand over her mouth as he thrust his way into her. He barely heard the noise as she wrapped her arms around his neck. He grinned at the doorway, he had taken her sister, Jane, in the meadow three weeks ago. Abigail's mother was likely in the house, ignoring what was going on behind her barn, but he played along, it was the danger of the thing. He continued thrusting into the girl and listened to her grunts grow from pained sounds to being lost in the ecstasy of her first time.

James felt her pussy tighten around his cock knew that he needed to go with her, her mother might notice if she was gone too much longer, "That's it, Abby, cum for me. Let's do this together," he whispered into her ear. He was afraid the pounding against the barn door would attract attention as well. Finally, he watched as her eyes rolled into the back of her head and her body bucked in his hands. He let go of his own load. Their breathing calmed down a bit as he set her back on her feet. He kissed her deeply and she giggled, trying to get her blouse and skirts back into some semblance of order.

"ABIGAIL!! WHERE ARE YOU?! IF YOU'RE BEHIND THE BARN WITH SOME BOY!!!" the threat was left hanging as James stuffed his cock back into his pants, swatted her behind with a hand, and made a show of dashing out the gate.

James quickly made his way out of town, avoiding his family's villa, and into the countryside. There was a particular meadow where eligible young people met up outside of parental supervision. One of the advantages of being the scion of a local lord, lots of time, and willing girls/mothers willing to look the other way. James grinned as he spied Jane, Abby's sister, leaning against a tree, her bare skin gleaming in the sunlight. He stripped out of his clothes and joined her, "So, did you pop my sister's cherry?" 

James laughed at her bluntness as he leaned back against the tree. "Your mother was kind enough to start bellowing after we were done."

"All right, bend over," she commanded, pulling out the wooden paddle. "Are you sure you want to do this?"

James sighed, "Lady Calarone, in the next valley, is threatening our borders. What if I have to flee and make a plea to the royal family." This was the crux of the problem. Lady Calarone was a powerful Countess who had been conquering Sigada, valley by valley, for the last decade. She killed local lords and ladies and their families and subjected the other inhabitants to acts unthinkable even illegal. James shifted onto his hands and knees, trying not to tense. He's subjected himself to this for two years now, right after he turned eighteen. He'd even done recklessly bad things so his parents would have to spank him. It was well known that if he subjected himself on the Islands, he would be presented to the royal family, and maybe have his case heard.

"You're lucky you have family on another continent. Your mother sent your younger sisters there," she said this as she rested the paddle on his buttocks.

"Briana is still here. Granted, she's an adult too, and it was her decision to stay," he grunted as the paddle made its first impact. They both knew it wasn't how hard it was swung as to how many he could stand. They had been doing this for weeks, red welts covered his ass where the multiple impacts had occurred. He moaned and writhed under the impact of her blows. However much this hurt, it would be nothing compared to what his family and people would endure if the invasion occurred. This time, her arm tired, barely, before he cried stop. James deliberately laid on his back in the cool green grass. Jane curled up next to him.

"I'm pregnant," she whispered. James looked at her, head resting on his chest, red hair caressing the air around him.

"Does your mother know that I'm the father?"

"Yes, she won't say anything. My pregnancy will spare me from the invaders only if it's not known who the father is."

James knew of two other girls who might carry his children. There were friends who would claim the children if need be, he hoped not. His family's survival was paramount in his mind. Jane got up and started putting on her clothes. "Look, eventually, the person sucking your dick will be a man. If you're going to go through with this, you'll have to get used to it." She dropped a tube of lubrication onto his chest, "This'll make things go easier."

James closed his eyes as she walked out of the meadow. James sighed as he drifted into sleep. His attention was suddenly diverted from dream land as he felt a hand wrap around his cock. He remained relaxed as the hand played with the tip, teasing it, making it stand up with the rest of his manhood. He felt lips wrap around it. It felt different somehow, from what he was used to. He opened his eyes a slit and found himself looking at Dan kneeling between his legs. Blonde haired and blue eyed, Dan had the typical chiseled, farm boy look. He was also hung like a horse. James remembered Jane's words as he picked up a hand and ran it through Dan's short hair. Dan never paused in his technique as he looked up and smiled at James. James allowed himself a moan of pleasure as Dan played with his anus. He felt the tip of his finger slide just inside, wiggle around, and move back out. As Dan's mouth moved faster and faster, his finger went in deeper and faster. James quickly lost his load, and Dan's face bottomed out at the base of his shaft, allowing the cum to pour down his throat.

Dan moved up James' body and kissed him, just a light kiss, more of a tease than anything. He reached down and fondled James' cock. He then lay next to him, facing away. James pulled out the tube and lathered his cock with it. He parted Dan's buttocks and pushed some of it inside his anus. "I've never done this before," James whispered.

"You're doing fine, I've done this a lot, I'm a pro, so I shouldn't hurt you. Don't worry, I'll let you know if I need you to stop or slow down," Dan said with a grin.

James pushed him slightly over onto his stomach as he spread Dan's buttocks even further. Then he placed the head of his cock at his entrance. He took a deep breath and started to push his way in. Dan's only noise was a grunt as his sphincter muscle opened willingly to the sudden intruder. Dan moved his arms up so he could rest his head on them. James rubbed Dan's back lightly as he pushed his way deeper. It became obvious with the ease of the intrusion that the boy had done this many times before. They both grunted as he finished entering his backside and James readjusted his position for a more comfortable thrusting position. Dan let his breath out in a light trill as James started moving. James couldn't help but compare the feeling of Dan's ass to Jane's pussy. Dan's ass was more ridged and had more texture inside. It didn't feel any better or worse, it was just different.

"You can go faster," Dan whispered. His voice startled James so much he stopped moving. Then he picked up the pace again as Dan's muscles started squeezing him, and Dan encouraged him as he picked up his pace. Dan's breath started coming faster and faster as he reached down and started playing with his own cock. Nothing existed in the world at this moment other than this man beneath him, he decided he could learn to like farm boys as well as farm girls. All too soon they both came, Dan's seed spilling out onto the grass in front of him.

James lay down and turned onto his right side, ready to accept Dan's own experience as Jane came running into the meadow, "James! James! They're here! Lady Calarone's troops are here and your manor is in flames!" Both men looked up and saw black smoke rising from where James' home once stood. Jane thrust clothes into his arms, "Put these on. You won't do them any good if your clothes mark you for death."

James put on the coarse trousers and shirt that comprised the clothing of a peasant. They hurried down back to the town. Jane slung James' arm around Dan's shoulders as she casually strolled beside them, "They're not going to believe that this family raised a boy-lover," Jane muttered. Dan played into it by winding his arm around James waist and whispering gibberish into his ear. As they reached the manor, James' heart dropped as he watched his family's home burn. "Move along, boys, nothing to see here," one of the soldier's said, leering at Jane.

"Watch it, boys, she's preggers!" a voice sounded behind them. Their faces fell as a captain strode out beside them. James managed to keep a passive face as he watched his sister, Briana, being dragged out of one of the side houses and into the yard. Her clothes torn from her body as the man behind her pulled her to him and thrust his erect manhood into her cunt. She screamed and kept screaming while the soldier laughed. Jane's face grew set as she dragged the men with her.

"You won't do her any good if you're dead," she muttered. She gave him a coin purse, "There's enough here to get you to the Northern continent. Join the Navy, appeal to the Queen. This has to be stopped!"

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

"I managed to get to the Northern Continent and join the Navy. Now I'm here, and you've heard my story..." his voice trailed off as his voice choked up. His sister's body and voice screaming still haunted him.

The Queen looked at him shrewdly, "Lanya," she said, motioning to one of the women standing along the wall, "Send in one of your people. See what you can find out. We're going to stop this before more innocents get hurt."