 It seems every planet has its own legends of merfolk. Our own is one of the few that actually has them. I stepped off the shuttle into the tropical belt of Sigada. I would be heading into the mountains where I would seek to help rectify his horrible situation later. My first goals involved meeting with local lords and ladies as well as exploring the seas. I wore my native skirt and looked around the spaceport. There was a fuss down near the water, which was going to be my first stop. I was told testing the waters was simple, if the tail appeared, the water was okay to breathe. 

I got to the edge of the dock only to find a group of sixteen girls staring down at the blue ocean. They were actually shaking. Sixteen inner tubes bobbed on the surface below. I was confused, could they not swim? They were also unclothed. I pulled off my skirt and prepared to dive in when one of the girls stopped me, "Don't go in there, you could drown!"

I stared at her, she clearly didn't know me, "I can swim." I simply showed her my point by jumping in. My tail promptly appeared and I breathed a sigh of relief. I looked up at the girl as I surfaced. The girl who greeted me took a deep breath and followed me. As I suspected, no tail appeared, and she swam, or thrashed, toward the inner tubes. I helped her over as she threaded her arms through the middle. One by one, the other girls joined us, except one.

"We're being sacrificed to the ocean," one of the girls muttered. "Well, we go out and spend the day out there. We'll be towed back at sunset."

"What happens out there?" I asked, curiously.

"We don't know, some come back pregnant."

That got my attention, I volunteered to take the last girl's place. I threaded my own arms through another tube just before a boat came to pull us slowly to our destination. We stayed in a secluded location near an island in a beautiful lagoon with a tempting waterfall nearby. I slip through the center and cool off in the water, the sun was very hot. The girls giggled nervously as the day wore on. I was about to swim off and explore until I noticed one girl shudder and pass out. Soon, she and her tube moved off. One by one, all the girls all performed this action until I was left alone. I was about to slip back below the surface and found out what was going on when something caressed my right flipper and I passed out.

I awoke underwater, in a hammock anchored to two walls in a crystal room. A merman hovered over me. I smiled, he smiled back, "You're one of us." His words were clear. I smiled and sat up.

"I come from another planet where we live on the land and in the sea. I'm a mostly land dweller."

His smile was intoxicating as he caressed my cheek, he pressed my back into the hammock and joined me. I snuggled next to him, noticing his more pronounced tail, it joined at the ankles, a dorsal ridge, more pronounced webbing between his fingers and his gold eyes and green hair. He rolled over on top of me and ran his fingers through my hair. "Don't tell them about us, they'll try to kill us."

I was frankly shocked, but I nodded my agreement. He put his hands to the back of my head, gathering my long hair in them, and roughly pulled me to him for a kiss. I wasn't entirely sure what would happen, with no outward signs of genitalia. His upper body pressed close to me. He reached up and caressed my breasts. His touch was electric and I gasped. He lifted himself up a bit and ran another hand down my belly. He searched for something that I couldn't understand. He found it, a slit near where my legs would have started if I had been on land. He gently inserted a finger and swirled it around. He explored and found my clit rather quickly. I lay back and let him figure things out. He reached in further and found what would be my womanhood. He nodded and pressed back against me.

"If we're successful," he whispered in my ear, "we could be joined the rest of the day. Don't worry, you'll rejoin your friends."

"I'd rather swim in your oceans," I whispered back. This appeared to excite him because he pressed back against me and kissed me. I gasped as I felt something pop into my slit. It was hard and round and I assumed, long. It did have a long way to go. He slowly pressed his way forward. We weren't even sure we were biologically compatible, so this was an adventure for both of us.

"How do your people mate?" he asked. His manhood had finally found my entrance.

"On land," I replied as he started to push his way in. He had almost completed his maneuver when the door to the room banged open. He groaned as what appeared to be his mother came in. I gulped as a younger woman peeked around her. He finished and glared at the woman.

"Mother, please learn to knock!"

She stared at us and started to examine me from the top. She pulled at my flippers and prodded my ears. My host slowly rotated us over. Her hands roamed over my shoulders and my tail. She found another slit where my butt would have joined. She reached down and held my breasts, weighing them in her hands. She even opened my mouth and looked down my throat. She hurrumped as she swam back to the other side of the room to watch the proceedings. I shrugged and started moving against him. He stopped me with his hands and started rocking himself. I could feel his manhood moving in and out, but couldn't quite figure out how he was doing it.

I arched my back both toward and away from him. The movements caused tiny electric currents through my most secret place and I simultaneously wanted to swim away from him and take him deeper. "Just relax. You'll learn to enjoy, the landers do." I wondered how they survived this in the water. They obviously did if they came back pregnant. I wiggled and I tried to crawl, and I also tried to relax. Then I felt my muscles clamp down and he poured himself into my crevice. I also realized I wasn't letting go after he was finished. He nodded, "We're compatible. The females of our species do that too down here. I'm Annan." He moved to the side and looked at his Mother, "We'll be here awhile Mother."

"How long will we be like this?" I asked apprehensively. I did have work to do. Maybe I should have put this off until after it was done.

Annan shrugged, "Could be hours, could be days. We'll send a message with one of the Landers in our language. Your people should be able to interpret it. What did you say your name was?"

"Callie," I replied. I closed my eyes. This was my fault, I volunteered. All I could do at this point was stay put.

He wrapped an arm around my waist as he extracted us from the hammock and we swam through the door. I wasn't embarrassed, I'd had sex in public before, I just hadn't done it while moving through a palace before. We entered another room and discovered the Landers in there. They had bubbles over their heads containing oxygen. They appeared to be resting, and several turned their heads looked at us enter. "You've killed her!" one of them screeched. Then she saw my tail. She looked very confused, "But, you had legs."

"It happens on land," I replied brusquely. They were strapped down to the beds around their waist. There really wasn't any fear of them unstrapping themselves and trying to get away. He settled us down and strapped us in. I laid my head on his chest and waited. It seemed like hours later when I felt my womanhood unclench and start massaging his manhood again. Instead of pulling out, he resumed his assault on my willing person. "How will...you know...when we're...done....oooooohhhhhh," I gasped out, ending on a loan moan.

"Your muscles won't clench up after we're done," he said. I realized I was finally beginning to relax. I couldn't help myself. I started screaming, not in pain, in pure and intense pleasure. "That's it," he murmured. The electric currents overwhelmed my senses as he kept pushing. I felt the other girls looking at me, some with fear, others with curiosity, but most with pure envy. I went over the edge with him once again. I felt, yet again, my muscles clench tight around him. He pulled me close, cupping my buttocks.

"My Lady?" I heard a voice behind us. We turned to find Annan's mother floating behind us. There's a man named Skya down here. He says he wants to see you." 

I nodded my head, "He's one of the aquatics on our world."

Skya swam in and looked around, nodding his head, "Well, I can tell them you're well. How long will you be?"

Annan looked up at him, "Check back daily, we really don't know." Annan looked curiously at the collar and leash around Skya's neck. This led to an explanation of our lifestyles. He looked back at Skya, "Bring another one when you come back. Had an old seer tell me that you'd come, and I'd go back with you." I nodded as once again my muscles started their magic motions.

It took three days for my body's excitement to finally let go. When I realized that Annan had slipped out of me I cried, and slept for another day. I had never spent this long underwater and was looking forward to seeing the sun. Annan and I swam to the surface and looked across the lagoon where I had been left with the other girls. They had gone days ago and we were reveling in the freedom of the open ocean. We swam, we leaped above the waves and watched the fish and other marine life below. He finally led me to the shoreline where we pulled ourselves out and emptied our lungs of water. Skya and several villagers awaited us. The village consisted of Aquatics and Landers who knew how to keep their mouths closed.

Skya handed me the collar and leash while Annan looked over the contract that had been negotiated. He signed and I collared him. "Your green hair and gold eyes will attract people," I said with a smile. He looked down between his legs curiously. His cock was long, but not extraordinarily long, or big. I'd have to try it without the benefit of water soon. We were soon greeted by the local lady and lord. For the first time I was putting on underclothes, chemise and pantaloons. A bodice, which was laced tight, went over that and two skirts went on after that. They gave me shoes and a cloak after that.

"James' valley is in the mountains, where it is cold. I've confirmed what he told you about the takeover. With the exception of that one sister, every member of the family at the chateau was killed. We've been trying to buy the girl, but haven't had any success."

"I made a bid on a bunch of girls two weeks ago and apparently won. I'm going to 'collect' my prizes. I'll set them free, of course, once we're well away from the valley, but I'm worried. Some of those girls looked underage. How do you walk in this?" I asked exasperatedly. "And how Is anyone supposed to know that you're available?"

The lord and lady laughed. They soon escorted us to our vehicle that would take us to the mountains. I could only hope that Brianna was among the lot she'd purchased. Slaves, that's what it amounted to. No contracts, no buyouts, no safe words, these girls were my property. Tomorrow, we would head for the mountains.