 Author's Note: Depending on how well this is received, I might do more. 

*****

Kiyo woke up to a blinding light shining in his eyes. He tried moving his hand over his face, but found that his arms were restrained. His whole was spread out on a smooth surface. He soon realized that he was also completely naked as his bare skin made contact with the cold metal surface.

"What is it?" asked a female voice. It was gentle, almost sweet, filled with curiosity and wonder. 

"A demon from the outside, no doubt." It was another female voice, this one cold and stern. The light moved away from Kiyo's face and was replaced with a woman looking down at him. She had fierce eyes that seemed to own him. Her short jet-black hair spiked up at several places. She, like Kiyo, was naked as well. Kiyo noticed her exposed breasts and his body reacted, his cock twitching a little despite the fear and confusion that filled him. 

"Oh! Master look! It moved! What... is that?" asked the girl with the soft voice. Kiyo tried turning to see her, but noticed his neck was restrained as well. The cold woman's face was all he could see. 

"Pay no attention to its filthy body! Demons from the outside are nasty creatures." The cold woman's face contorted to disgust as she noticed Kiyo reacting to her naked body. She moved from his sights, allowing Kiyo the first proper view of where he was at. 

Kiyo was in what looked like an operating room. Only, the instruments looked more for dissection than anything else. There were white walls all around him with a steel door directly in front. A series of lights hovered above him, making the walls blindly bright. The floor looked like a smooth green surface. Kiyo tried to speak, but the restraints on his neck prevent any words from coming out.

"That's right demon! You won't be casting any spells here!" snarled the black haired woman. "We've completely embolized you."

Kiyo was curious why they kept calling him a demon. He looked like any other young man his age... he was also curious how they knew he was able to use magic. 

A new face entered his line of vision, a much gentler looking one. It was the soft-spoken girl. She had long red hair and emerald green eyes. They looked kind,,, almost as if she didn't know whether to take pity on him or be fascinated. 

"it doesn't look so filthy," she said, "It actually looks kind of cute." The girl's skin looked warm... flush and filled with life. Her breasts looked younger, more perkier as well. Kiyo couldn't help but smile up at her as he felt calm just staring at her. His cock seemed to like her as well as it twitched more so for her than the cold looking woman. "Look, look! It's doing it again!" She smiled. "It looks happy... Almost like it's... human."

"That's enough!" snapped the cold woman, "Any creature that comes from the lands beyond the wall of water is nothing more than a demonic monster! It doesn't deserve the title of human! Have you forgotten the ancient wars?" 

"N... No. I'm sorry master. I've just... never seen anything like this before," said the girl. 

"Well, look at it while you can. Tomorrow, we will dissect it and learn the secrets of its magic powers. The elders have said that all demons beyond the wall of water hold great power. It is fortunate that we found it passed out on the beach and were able to bring it here for examination." 

Kiyo's mind searched for the last memory he had before passing out. He remembered he was on his ship approaching a large whirlpool that shot up from the sea. It looked like it surrounded something, an island perhaps. Before he could steer his ship to safety, he was sucked into the vortex. The next thing he remembered was laying on a beach, his ship destroyed, and then... there was nothing.

"Come, I have other errands for you to attend to before the day is over," said the black-haired woman. She grabbed the redhaired girl by the wrist and led her out of the room, leaving Kiyo alone. 

As Kiyo lay strapped down on the table, he thought of what his own master would think of him at a time like this... completely helpless in an unknown world facing the prospect of death in such a short time. He had just finished his magical training at the prestigious Baltose Academy and was tasked in going out to search for lost scrolls in far off lands. So far, he'd only managed in getting himself capture. 

Later that day, the door opened and the redheaded girl walked in. She carried a bowl of water and what looked like sponge... she was still very much naked.

"I'm going to wash you so you'll be clean for tomorrow," she said, laying the bowl down on the table next to him and dipping the sponge inside of it, "i... don't want any trouble now. My master said your kind are dangerous." She pressed the warm sponge over Kiyo's chest and slowly began scrubbing away. Kiyo closed his eyes and smiled as he felt the warm water drip from his chest as the girl gently worked over his body. She kept this up for a few more minutes, working up and down his body, over his legs, his arms, his abdomen. Kiyo noticed she had a gentle touch, so sensual, as if she only wanted to make him feel comfortable. 

"I've never seen anything like you before. You look like me... but are also different. You don't have breasts and," she moved the sponge to his genitals, "I don't even know what this is." She slid the sponge up his length, causing droplets of warm water to drip down to his sac. Kiyo bit his bottom lip and moaned, yet no sounds came out.

"Oh?" she giggled, "you seem to enjoy it when I touch it... how strange," she continued slowly moving the sponge along his cock, massaging it while occasionally running it along his ball sac. Kiyo was in heaven. His whole body twitched and jerked as he opened his mouth to release silent moans and gasps. 

"Ah! It's... it's growing!" exlaimed the girl. Her eyes widened in shock as she saw Kiyo's cock becoming hard before her eyes. "Do you... enjoy this? Does it... feel good?" she asked while hovering the sponge against his fully erect cock.

Kiyo smiled in response, unable to nod. The girl giggled, understanding his response.

"Hehe, in that case... have some more then," she said as she dipped the sponge back in the warm water and began thoroughly washing his cock and balls. She held his base with one hand and worked the sponge over his length with the other. Kiyo's smile spread across his face as he was totally at peace. 

"You're not such a dangerous creature, are you," said the girl, "I think you're kind of cute even. My name's Fira. I suppose I'll have to give you a name," she said as she continued stroking his cock with the sponge. After about a minute of this, Kiyo's cock began to release a small amount of precum.

"What's this?" said Fira. She gently rubbed the sponge over his tip to wash away the precum... only to find that more was leaking from his cock. "How strange... I wonder... what is this substance?" Fira placed the sponge back in the bowl and this time used her hands to work Kiyo's cock. She held his member with her left hand while her right was moving closer to his tip. Her fingers smeared his precum around his tip, causing him to almost cum.

"How very strange," said Fira as she brought her cum covered fingertips closer to examine them. "I wonder what it tastes like," before she could find out, the black haired woman's voice broke Kiyo's pleasant mood.

"What are you doing!!?" shouted the black-haired woman. She grabbed Fira by her long hair and pulled her away from Kiyo, "Never touch a demon in that way! You'll awaken its full power!" She took a pair of metal clamps with a wire attached to them and clamped them on the tip of Kiyo's cock. She then turned a knob which caused electricity to shoot from the wire, shocking his tip along with his entire body. If Kiyo could, the walls would have echoed with his screams of agony.

"Stop it! You're hurting it! Leave it alone!" shouted Fira as she watched in horror as Kiyo's body twitched with pain. 

"This is a demon's weak spot. See how it goes limp after introducing pain to it," said the black haired woman, indicating Kiyo's cock. "He's no longer a threat... for now," she said as she removed the metal clamps from his cock. "Come! Tomorrow we'll begin dissecting it! You are forbidden from having any contact with the demon until our operation tomorrow!"

Fira took a quick glance at Kiyo as if to say, "I'm so sorry!" before she was led out of the room, leaving Kiyo alone once more.

During what felt like night, Kiyo couldn't sleep. He thought of any way possible in breaking his restraints and escaping. As long as the collar was around his throat, he was unable to summon any of his magic. Occasionally, his mind did drift to images of Fira. She was very kind... and very beautiful.. 

Suddenly, the door crept open as Fira stepped forward, quickly closing the door behind her. 

"I'm so sorry about what happened earlier today," she said, walking over to him and wrapping her fingers around his cock. Apparently, this was the only way she knew on how to comfort him... Kiyo wasn't complaining though. 

"Even if you're a demon... you didn't deserve that. Crow can be so cruel sometimes," said Fira. Her soft fingers kept stroking up and down his cock, making him erect once again. "I thought I could make you feel good before tomorrow's operation," she said. Her other hand went to stroke him as well while she held onto his base. 

Kiyo fixed his eyes on her, half in fear of the black-haired woman's return and half in pleasure from Fira's gentle touch. It wasn't long before his tip dripped precum once more.

"Ah! There's that liquid substance from before. I... have been wondering all day what it must taste like," said Fira. She lowered her lips close to his tip. "I feel this strange urge to lick you... even suck on you like you were candy. You probably think I'm silly."

Kiyo answered her with a smile. His tongue stuck out a little to lick his bottom lip. Fira noticed this and giggled in return.

"You seem to want me to lick you there. Well... ok, here goes." Fira pressed her lips against Kiyo's tip and tentatively slid her tongue out to lick his precum. Her tongue slid along his head like she was enjoying her favorite flavored ice cream. Each flick of her tongue sent shivers through Kiyo's body as his balls filled up with more and more cum.

"It tastes... Sweet and salty at the same time... I like it," she said as she started licking more eagerly. 

Kiyo felt his cock throbbing from her soft touches. His balls were aching, on the verge of releasing his cum all over her face. Fira was oblivious to the inevitable outcome that was fast approaching. 

"I wonder... what the whole thing tastes like," said Fira. She parted her lips and took his entire cock in her mouth. Kiyo could feel her tongue swirling around the tip as she shucked him. This was too much. He came hard into her mouth, which caused Fira's eyes to open wide with shock. She moaned over his cock in surprise, which only added to Kiyo's pleasure. Still, Fira didn't back down. She licked and sucked all the cum that shot from his cock, clearly enjoying the taste. Finally, when Kiyo was at last licked clean, she moved her mouth away and smiled at him.

"Oh my! That tasted really good!" She looked at him, noticing his eyes roll back and his silent panting as he was coming down from his orgasm. "You look like you want to say something. I... suppose it would be ok to remove your collar. You don't seem all that dangerous to me." Fira reached over and started removing his collar form around his throat. Her breasts lightly brushing against his chest as she leaned forward. She took the collar off him and placed it on the table. "Now, what do you want to say."

Kiyo looked at her and smirked, "If you think that was good... just wait until it's inside you," he said.