 Fira gasped when she heard Kiyo speak. She put her hand to her mouth in surprise and looked down at Kiyo with fascination... and fear.

"You... you can talk?" she said. Her body trembled a little from this new discovery.

"Of course I can talk. I can do much more than that once I'm free." Kiyo looked at his restraints and was about to cast a spell to break them before Fira placed her hand over his mouth to silence him.

"No, no! you can't talk! If my master finds out, she'll force you to work in the mines deep under the island." 

Kiyo slid out his tongue and slowly licked the palm of Fira's hand, making small circles against her soft skin. Fira pulled back in surprise from this sudden sensation. 

"If I stay here and do nothing then I'll be killed," said Kiyo as he looked down at his restraints. His eyes narrowed as he focused on them. His lips moved and Fira could hear him uttering strange words that sounded impossible for anyone to pronounce. Just then, Kiyo's restraints were broken free. Fira pressed her body against him, trying to hold him back. Instead of pushing her away, Kiyo wrapped his arms around her and kissed her soft trembling lips.

"Mmm, I know you want to play with me some more, but I have to get out of here," he said as he slowly ran his hands up and down FIra's body. Fira quickly pulled back, her face blushed with embarrassment as she looked down at him.

"No please! You can't leave! My master will punish me if you escape," Fira gripped Kiyo's wrists and held him down as best she could. Kiyo smirked, knowing he could easily over-power her. Instead, he took the opportunity to play with her body some more as he lifted his legs up and wrapped them around her waist. He squeezed her tightly to his body, almost grinding against her as he kissed her neck and flicked his tongue out against her soft skin. Fira blushed... almost giving in to this new sensation that filled her innocent body. 

"N... no please! I... don't know what you're doing, but I cannot allow you to leave," said Fira. It was no good though. Kiyo had distracted her enough for her to let go of his wrists. He gently pushed Fira off him and got up from his chair.

"Why don't you come with me then? You're going to be in trouble anyway because there's no way I'm staying here. Your master is nuts!" Kiyo offered Fira his hand to help pull her up. Fira looked up at him. His naked body looked so enticing... but for the life of her she couldn't figure out why. Also, there was that strange power he had. Just what kind of a demon was he? Or, was he a demon at all? Surely a demon couldn't provide such comfort as he had given her. 

"Yes, you're right. I'll help you escape," said Fira as she took his hand and allowed him to pull her up. 

She led him outside into a long corridor with nothing but plain white walls on either side. The entire area looked sterile and untouched. As Kiyo followed Fira down this strange place, he noticed flashing green lights running along the floor and ceiling. As they continued walking, some doors were open revealing rooms with even more strange looking devices similar to the room he was in. 

"Fira, what kind of place is this? Everything looks so... cold." It was the best word he could use to describe it. It was such a lifeless place filled with only instruments of pain and hard metal to hold back any hope of escaping. 

"This is our research facility. It is a gift from our God, the one who watches over our island and protects us from outside forces. This is why you are such a mystery to use since we rarely find anyone on our island from beyond the Wall of Water. Our God has told us that any creature beyond our island wall is a dangerous demon who only wants to devour us." 

Kiyo smiled. He did want to devour her... just not in the way she was probably thinking. As they turned the corner, five women carrying rods with electric sparks shooting at the end blocked their path. 

"Stop! Why is the demon out of its holding room!" called one of the women. She raised her electric rod, ready to charge at Kiyo at a moment's notice.

"I was bored. I figured I'd walk around and see what was going on," said Kiyo as he stepped in front of Fira. 

The women looked horrified as they heard Kiyo speak, but quickly regained their confidence and charged at him. Kiyo raised his left hand and muttered those unpronounceable words once more. A blue beam of light shot from his hand, knocking down the women with great force. 

"Come on! Let's go!" shouted Kiyo as he grabbed Fira's arm and ran with her down the hallway. Three more women were waiting from him as he reached around the next corner. Their electric rods at the ready. Kiyo quickly used his magic once more and ran passed them. By this time the alarm had sounded as the sound of footsteps were heard quickly gaining on them. Kiyo was running low on energy and knew he wouldn't be able to fight all of them off.

"Quick! In here!" said Kiyo as he spotted an empty room up ahead. He pulled Fira inside and closed the door. It was a dark small room, most likely a storage area. Kiyo could feel Fira's body press against his. He reached his hands around her waist and held her shaking body, hoping that would calm her down. 

"Goodness! I can't believe what I'm doing," said Fira as she stood there shaking in Kiyo's arms, "If we're caught, they'll punish me for sure! I can only imagine what they'd do to you," she said. 

Kiyo placed a finger over her lips to shush her, "Then, let's not get caught." He slowly ran his finger over her lips and pressed his chest against her back. His other hand went to her thigh and ran up and down the length of her hip, examining her curves. Fira sighed, not knowing exactly why. All she knew was that this was very pleasurable... and it was something completely foregin to her. She turned her head to look at him.

"W... why are you touching me like that?" she asked. Her eyes glittered with new found excitement and wonder. 

"Should I stop?"

"No!" exclaimed Fira. She was surprised at how quickly and forcefully she protested, "I just... don't understand why you're touching me." 

"Well, I'm touching you like this because your body feels good to touch. Your skin is very soft, and you feel so warm against my own body. It comforts me to touch you," he said. Fira listened, trying to understand how anyone could get comfort out of touching another person's body. "It's the same as when you touched me earlier. didn't you enjoy that?" 

"I... did, but I don't know why," admitted Fira.

"Does it really matter why? All that matters is that it feels good when we touch, and right now I think both of us need to feel good after all the stress we're under," he said as he kissed her neck and ran his fingers up along her thigh, getting ever so close to her most sensitive area. Fira buckled from the pleasure.

"Oh... oh goodness! That does feel very nice," she said. She reached her own hand down and wrapped it around his erect cock, slowly stroking him. "Does... this feel good to you as well?" 

Kiyo kissed her shoulder and hugged her even more as he felt Fira play with his cock. "Yes, indeed it does." His hands began fondling Fira's firm breasts, circling around her erect nipples. 

"Mmphm! That part of me is every sensitive," she said while using her thumb to stroke the tip of Kiyo's cock. 

"That part of me is sensitive as well," said Kiyo as he gritted his teeth from the pleasure. He then slid his left hand down her body and began stroking her pussy lips. His finger tips gently caressed them more and more as he could feel her body becoming moist. 

"Oh! What... what's going on with me?" said Fira as she pulled away a little from fear. "My body it's... leaking some type of fluid." She reached her own hand down between her legs to examine for herself. When she touched her moist pussy with her fingers, her body lurched forward with the strong sensation of touching her most sensitive area. "Is this... your doing?" asked Fira as she looked at Kiyo with fascination. 

"Your body did it by itself. I just helped it get started. Something similar happens with me when my own sensitive area is stimulated, see?" he held his cock in his hand which was now leaking a small amount of precum. 

"Oh! Just like before," said Fire as she eagerly got on her knees. "I know what to do when it's like that." She sounded proud of herself as if she mastered a new skill and wanted to demonstrate her newly acquired knowledge. Her mouth engulfed Kiyo's cock and began sucking. She went much faster than Kiyo had expected as he felt her warm mouth almost milking the cum out of him. Fira looked up at him as if asking if she was doing it correctly.

"Fira..." Kiyo's voice was heavy and filled with desire as he placed his hands on her shoulders. It wasn't long until he came into her mouth. Fira gagged a little as she felt his cum shooting down her throat. She didn't pull away though. Instead, she only sucked more vigorously, wanting every last drop of his cum to be swallowed. When she had finally licked him clean, she pulled back and stood up. 

"That does taste very nice! I wonder if... my own juices taste similar." 

"I can't wait to find out, but we should probably focus on getting out of here. I don't think those guards are around anymore," said Kiyo as he took her hand again and prepared to venture outside the storage room. 

Fira nodded, remembering the task at hand. Her curiosity on Kiyo had only increased after experiencing such a strong surge of pleasure caused by him. She followed Kiyo outside into the empty hallway. 

"Let's go," said Kiyo as he ran with Fira down the hallway. There were two passages up ahead and Kiyo quickly took the one on the right.

"N... no! not that way!" called Fira as she pulled Kiyo towards the opposite passage. "This way leads outside," she said as she guided him down the passage towards a large door. Fira extended her arm and pushed the door open as they both stepped out of the building.

Kiyo was awe struck as he saw the island properly for the first time. It looked nothing like what he'd imagined. A lush tropical forest spread out before him. Sunbeams broke through the tall treetops casting small sparks of light on the dark forest floor. In the distance, Kiyo could see an active volcano spurring smoke out that billowed across the sky. 

"Come on! We can hide in the forest," said Kiyo as he stepped forward. Suddenly, a fierce shockwave ran through his entire body as he stepped outside. It completely caught him off guard, causing him to collapse on the forest floor at Fira's feet. Guards suddenly appeared with their electric rods and shocked Kiyo several times making sure he was no longer a threat. Kiyo managed to look up at Fira... his eyes filled with confusion.

"Please forgive me Kiyo! I'm so sorry! I... I just can't let you escape. My people can't pass up an opportunity to study a creature such as yourself."

Before Kiyo could speak, a collar was placed on his neck and he was being dragged off into the forest. He needed no words to show his feelings of betrayal towards Fira. His eyes said enough.