 Time seemed to stand still, Merrick held his sword in one hand and the symbol of the Circle of Life in the other. He repeated his sacred prayers to fend off the demoness. Her beauty combined with her magic were the weapons he prepared to protect himself against. "No need for that sweet Merrick," her voice was as perfect as her form. "You and I were destined to be together," she walked towards him clothed in a white dress that hugged her body. "It shall not be through magic that you come to be by my side," her lips curled into a smile that only served to enhance her beauty as if it was even possible for her to be more lovely.

"Your words fall on deaf ears spawn of hell," Merrick fortified his mind further reciting his prayers.

"Oh Merrick," she cooed," you know how much you desire me," her hands traced over her hips drawing his eyes to them. "I desire you just the same. I have transcended my former plane. I belong here now and you belong with me," Merrick kept repeating his mantras trying to maintain his focus. He was waiting for her to strike first.

"Merrick...oh Merrick you love to hear me say your name don't you?"

Merrick had to stop the word yes from escaping her lips. Beauty and lust were the weapons she was bringing to bear," I don't need magic to have the man I want Merrick. You are brave and strong and that is what I desire," suddenly Merrick's surroundings shifted and he found himself sitting in a bed stripped bare. He was sitting with his hands behind his back fastened securely. His legs were free but ropes were tied around his knees and ankles. He felt he had to be dreaming yet the ropes felt real, the coolness of the air raised goose bumps on his arms and legs, and the sheets on the bed felt dry and coarse. Before him stood Isslan still clothed in the white dress. She moved slowly and sat down next to him and caressed his face while planting a soft, wet kiss on his lips. Merrick tried to tell himself it did not feel good but it was only a lie.

"Oh Merrick...no magic between you and me," she said softly as her hand reached down taking his hardening cock in her hand. She slowly began to run her hand up and down its length," you I shall show pleasure upon pleasure and soon all your desire will be for me. I will train your cock until I alone control it and through it I will control you my love." Merrick tried to ignore the movement of her hand on him but his body shook slightly from her touch," oh yessss that's right love, you feel it don't you? Your cock controls you and I shall control your cock," her hand rubbed a little faster," mmmm yes lover this is wonderful."

The pleasure was getting too much for Merrick. No pray seemed able to stop what was building inside him. "Have you ever cum from a woman's touch?" she asked slowing the motion of her hand on him. Merrick did not answer only turned his head away from her. "Oh Merrick don't be shy this will be so much fun for us both. My hand is going to make you cum and it is going to feel wonderful. After a time Merrick you are going to find yourself aching to have your cock inside me so my hot sex will bring you to climax rather than my cool hand." Merrick heard a moan escape his lips and cursed himself for his own weakness.

"That's so good isn't it lover?" she cooed. "I can have any man I want Merrick and that man is you." Her hand began to quicken again. "There's no reason to fight Merrick. You want to feel good and I want to make you feel good so just enjoy the pleasure only I can give you," Merrick tried to twist his body to free himself from her grip but found it too difficult to move. Even with his prayers and mantras a part of him was begging for her to finish. "Oh Merrick your giving in...just let it go and know just a small taste of the pleasure I am capable of bestowing on you."

Merrick felt the damn break as waves of pleasure racked his body. His hips were thrusting, every motion by them screaming in a desire for more. All mantras and prayers were forgotten in the pure bliss of his sexual release.

He pushed himself up in his bed and found only a small light coming through the crack under the door from the outer hallway of the abbey. "A dream," he said softly. He moved his hand down to find his stomach and pelvis covered in what he could only believe had to be his own semen. Dream or no dream Merrick had just had his first ejaculation.

He sat up in his bed and felt for the striker and tender. He used them to get a flame on the tender and by its light make his way over to the wall hook where he lit the oil lamp that was placed there. He was not sure what time of night it was and the lack of noise coming through the door only suggested to him it was still late.

Using the wash basin in his room he cleaned himself and dressed in clean garments before going to the door to walk the halls in an effort to clear his mind. He stepped into the hall and noticed immediately that some of the lamps that lined the walls had gone out. The fact that they were out seemed a bit odd to him considering how orderly and well run the place appeared to him upon his arrival. His first thought would be to check on brother Mchearn's as it was closest to his.

As he arrived at the door he listened and heard nothing coming from inside. He knocked and the sound echoed through the hallway," brother McHearn, " he said. Waiting a couple of moments he knocked again repeating the borther's name and still heard nothing. He turned the latch finding the door open. He pushed the door back peering in to see the room empty and the bed unmade. Other than his bed being unmade the room was in fairly good order. A small desk was situated in one corner of the room and some papers were stacked upon it.

Merrick walked over to the desk and glanced over some over the papers seeing his name written in the log for visiting members and another paper underneath which simply had the name 'Merik' scrawled on it. The paper was wrinkled as if someone had stowed it in their pocket for a period of time. It seemed a bit odd that the brother would have his name down aside from the books for lodging but Merrick was not sure how he kept his records. 

Merrick did not want to seem to be snooping so decided to make his way out to the courtyard of the abbey to see if anyone on watch knew where brother McHearn had gone. The front door to the abbey creaked open and torches provided some light but at first glance Merrick saw no sentries on duty at the gate and saw none walking the outer walls. The hair on the back of his neck began to stand up. Something was amiss and his first thought was to his sword and armor which were back in his room.

He turned quickly back inside and halfway down the hall saw brother Ferrell walking towards him," brother Ferrell," he called hurrying up to the man. "What happened to the sentries? And where is brother McHearn?"

Ferrell's eyebrows shot up and he looked past Merrick towards the door of the keep as if to confirm what he had just heard," well I can't say as I can answer either of those questions. For some reason I woke in a start and could not get back to sleep so I came out for a check on things just to reassure myself."

"I experienced...um something similar myself," Merrick decided not to get too detailed about what woke him.

"Well let's see what we can find..." footsteps from behind caused them both to look and they saw two brothers-in-arms coming down the hall. "Ah brothers, some help if you would."

"Perhaps I should at least arm myself," Merrick said.

"Ah well...if you must," Ferrell replied. "Brothers have you seen brother McHearn?"

Merrick quickly went into his room and found his sword not waiting for the men-at-arms' reply to Ferrell. When he returned to the hall he caught the trail end of," said he had business outside the keep and would be back soon," the man-at-arms finished.  

Ferrell turned to Merrick upon his approach," ah it would seem McHearn has left the abbey Sir Merrick. These men do not know why but they are going to get some of their brethren to find out why the sentries are not on duty and await the return of brother McHearn."

"This all seems odd to me brother...I wouldn't think anyone would be so derelict of duty especially this far out on the frontier," Merrick stated.

"Well I assure you it is not Sir Merrick. If you would like perhaps you can help me think of suitable measures to make sure this does not happen in the future?"

"Should I not help the men-at-arms?"

"They have their duty and I would sincerely appreciate your help."

"Very well," Merrick conceded. With a nod at the men-at-arms and then Merrick, Ferrell turned and started walking back towards his office. "This is most troubling," Ferrell said. "No sentries on duty?" he shook his head. "Well nothing like the help of a renowned paladin to help eh?" he smirked at Merrick.

Merrick could only nod finding this all too strange. Perhaps Ferrell did not have the experience needed to run the abbey so far out. Over the years the order had become complacent. Too much peace time did that.

They entered Ferrell's office and he moved behind his desk to sit. He opened one of the drawers to his desk as he motioned with his free hand for Merrick to sit in one of the chairs that sat in front of it. "Let's see ah here we go," he said pulling a bottle and tow cups out of the drawer. "Something to get shake off the sleep," he poured a cup handing it to Merrick before pouring one for himself. Merrick to the cup and caught the smell of spirits and not sure which took a sip. He was holy but not that holy.

"Well what protocols can we instill to prevent this Sir Merrick?" he asked.

"I think if we had a better understanding of what was going on it would help brother Ferrell," he said half incredulously before gulping down the rest of his drink. How could this man know what to do when he did not know what happened?

The door behind him burst open loudly and a voice said," you were suppose to bind him while he slept you fool," the voice registered in Merrick's mind as brother McHearn. Reflex took over and Merrick jumped to his feet sword in hand as the chair he was sitting him was knocked over in the process.

"What is going on here McHearn?" he asked.

"Brother McHearn is merely concerned that you were not restrained Sir Merrick," said Ferrell.

Merrick spun back to look at Ferrell and found his weight falling towards the wall of Ferrell's office almost losing his feet.

"Not so steady on your feet brave paladin?" Ferrell said with a sneer.

"What...what is going on here?" Merrick said trying to maintain his feet.

"Why our mistress has business with you Sir Merrick," said McHearn as Merrick lost his feet and fell to the floor. Merrick felt his head crack against the floor as his whole world went black.