 "Now there's something you don't see often," Aqua says stepping to my side.

"Did they just make me their boss?" I ask.

"More like an owner or household god," Aqua says with a giggle.

I look at her in fear, "That doesn't break any laws of nature or anything does it?" 

"Not up here. Asking them how it would play in a dark court might be a good idea," she says.

"So ... Did you want something?" I ask.

"Nope, just came to see if your heart stopped being a demon house god. Looks like you got balls and stamina. You're going to need those. See you around Nameless." she says as she fades into the wind.

"What now Nameless?" Crys asks.

"Were you wanting to slow your roll on collecting more women?" Scelene asks. 

"That was the plan." I blurt nervously. "You three want to get off the floor and explain this to me?"

"I tricked you." Splitter said. "My sisters and I are free of our former Masters. We were being pursued by arch-demons to hold in their house, as trophies. We would rather serve you then be their trophy."

"We like that it will piss off the arch-demon lords." one says.

"Us half-bloods should stick together. And with your endowment, serving you is going to feel so much better than those skinny dick demons too." the other rambles.

"By having the three of us you would be bestowed with feral powers as well." Splitter says.

"Nameless I think you should really think about doing this," Scelene says.

"Whoa slow the horn family wagon up," I say looking at the three demonesses kneeing in front of me.

"What Nameless, would you so quickly abandon us after taking in a Gorgon and befriending a Flayer?" Splitter asks. 

"What do you mean by have and what kinda feral powers are you talking about? Am I going to sprout horns?"

"You are already sporting a real sexy one as it is, no need for anymore." the second sister says.

"No, auric control, etheric vision, proof against all feral bewitchment or beguiling and three powerful dimension crossing huntresses at your command." Splitter rattles off.

"Worth even your soul for the life you could lead," Scelene says.

The first sister purrs. "Have us means just that. You must mingle your aura with ours and be bathed in its gifts as we reach climax. Thus transcribing our auric aptitude into yours."

'And you must name us in that moment, one that would be only for you and each of us as is the pact of the feral covenant." Splitter adds.

"Doing so also would allow us to hide ourselves in an elven visage, hiding all trace of our feral nature."

The first sister says. "Waiting longer only dilutes the strength of the gift we impart."

"Bedroom now! Before I change my mind." I order. 

All three dash for the stairs. I look at Scelene with a 'don't even think about peeking' look and follow them up the stairs. I run thru translations for random candy in my head. I choose three sweets each translated into a different language as their pact name. I don't ask just grab Splitter first. I push her face down on the bed grab her hips and shove it in. She grunts bucking back at me. Grabbing her wings at their base and grinding deeply is all it takes to have her bucking and bathing me in her auric gift. I pull her hair and whisper her name in her ear which causes her to cum harder. 

I pull out of her and grab the first sister by the neck and back her to the wall. I lift her leg and shove into her. I pound her standing that way. I can feel her wanting to cum for me. Her eyes beg, lean forward and lick her face. She moans as orgasm grips her flesh. I turn her head, whisper her name, and bite her earlobe. Her muscle control falters. I pull out and let her slide to the floor.

I turn to the last sister. Her eyes go wide locked on my big slimy erection. I pull her to the mirror tell her to put her hands on it so she can watch it go in her. I can feel her vibrating under her skin. I rub my hot meat between her drippy lips but don't put it in. I take it in my hand and smack those drippy lips with it until her leg muscles quake then with little warning plunge in and out of her hole a dozen times before shoving it in and staying there. She explodes in juicy orgasm. I whisper her name to her and yank my dick out. She drops to the floor cumming over and over again.

I walk back over to Splitter. "Your elven visage must have black hair," I say and give her a few thrust of hard cock. I do the same to each of them requesting a different hair color for each. Red, white, and black of course. 

"Put on your elven visages and get a taste of my cum my Huntresses," I command.

Their wings vanish and their bodies become lither save generous breasts. They all have a masterful form of elven beauty as they kneel close and lean forward opening their mouths and extending their tongues. I cum in rapid spurts at the scene they make. Each getting at least two gobs of my plentiful semen. They lick each other's faces to get any stray droplets of seed that didn't find it's mark on one of their tongues.

"I'll give you public names after I wash up and get some food. Use the bed if you wish." I say as I walk to the stairs. "You all were really sweet to fuck. I look forward to taking more time with each of you next time." All three squirt on the floor and fall into a pile moaning. Demons, go figure.

"Tempis sweetie, could you get a nice big tuna?" I ask.

"Oh, yes. You going to make those yummy flanks?" she asks bouncing excitedly.

"Of course," I reply.

"Sure thing," she says taking two bouncing hops before taking to wing.

"As for you, Scelene. Give me a chance to get some food and wash the other girls off and we might have a little fun ourselves." I say.

"I can feel my willingness to accept that proposition." she purrs.

I wipe the thick layer off with a wash rag. Pull down the mortar and pestle tossing in herbs to grind finely. I draw a bottle of oil and the herbs. Shake it vigorously then set it to the table to age. Walking into the water closet I put the lever and revel in the cool fresh water as it relieves my tight skin of the extra salts left by the sea waters. 

Stepping out to the main area Tempis looks a little shy, her hands folded behind her back. I walk over to see the whale of a tune she brought back. Even missing its tail it's as long as my full arm.

"Sorry I couldn't get a bigger one. They were just so heavy." she apologizes.

"You're kidding me right? This wasn't a big one?" I ask. 

"It as a third smaller than the biggest ones," she admits.

"When I ask this size is more than enough," I assure her.

I get to work doing up the fish at plating fish for five, as I finish I ask Scelene to get the pact members to come down and eat. Once the fish is drizzled with the oil I serve the five of them at the table. I slice the rest into a big bowl and pour a brew of spiced soy over the fish. I take the bowl and find my way to a roman lounge overlooking the sea.

"What are you having on your fish?" Splitter asks.

"A blend of herbs to keep those tastes of me plentiful, in a broth of soybean juice and vinegar. Which I don't think any of you would find agreeable on your stomachs." I answer. "How will I know the gifts are available to me?"

"You should have them now, just will your vision, hold in your mind what you want your aura to project and the other is just there," Blondie says. 

Of those willing, my vision seems safest. I look at them and willfully shift my vision to the etheric spectrum. I see their true forms, even Scelene's behind the rings transformation. I can read the ring's enchantment type, sphere of affinity, and the strength of enchantment. Something, if I had done with regular magical sight, would have left a wide margin of error. 

I finish the whole bowl of tuna. I look over at the table and try to think of names for them all that will help me remember their pact names. The blond I call Jezabell, the redhead Chareese, and Splitter I rename Prizum. Having done that I give them a set of tasks. Each is to find two skilled fighters as their soldiers and lovers. They must outfit themselves as War maidens of the north country. Lastly, they must provide me a way of communicating with them I can carry on my person. They can do this separately or as a group but two way to each of them privately is required. 

"You want us to take lovers?" Jezabell asks.

"I am one man, counting the three of you, I have a harem of eight. As you are my Huntress being away from me will leave you wanting, so having lovers on hand is ideal." I explain. "Something to keep in mind is that when you see me to make a report, I get you to myself, no jealous jerks."

"Why War Maiden from the north?" Prizum asks.

"Your fucking gorgeous and can backhand most men out of their shoes. Easier for you to avoid dip shits if you look like you can stomp their balls without having to speak to them." I say.

Chareese looks at her sisters, "How long do we have to do all this?"

"By the close of the calendar year. Just under three full moons." I answer. "You will come here and Crys will let me know. I will be here no later than the following day unless I leave you word otherwise. I will let Crys tell you what we are hunting and why. I appear to have a visitor."

Out in the cove, Slypheria bobs in the water with her guard. I walk out to the landing and beckon her to come closer. The guards chitter and I cuss myself for not grabbing the water spear. She snaps them to silence and swims to the shore extending a hand for assistance out of the water. I lift her easily to the ledge her surprise at my strength clear to see on her face. 

"Greetings Envoy, to what can I assist you?" I ask.

"Consort, my mother speaks of you in mixed opinion. You are a dweller yet have a title in the seas. Your affiliation's in the dweller Kings court in speaking for your Queen. The Envoy of that court sees many changes in the dweller king and you 'Nameless' are spoke of as the adviser of these new understandings in his Majesty. How have you come to such pearls of wisdom with few years to you? And knowing not the politics of the sea realm?" she asks scrutinizing my every moment as if searching for a sign.

"It's a matter of common sense, Envoy. Years and old wisdom are a hindrance to what changes the sea kingdoms must choose from. The changes in the current after the dark water island eruption are just one of a multitude that nature and dealing with the dweller are going to have to be reckoned by the sea kingdom. Sooner or later. My Queen chose to act now than be forced to react later. A gift of following a Queen of open-mindedness, her mother, passing a strong clan to my Queen."

"You speak as more ruler then adviser," she remarks.

"It is the mantle of my Queens convictions. Her concerns reach beyond the ocean waters and I am the arm that she has chosen. Nothing more."

"I see you have many women. How does your Queen see these indulgences?" 

"I am her Consort, not her husband. She and I have little time in which to exchange such intimacies. I know of her suitors and she of my harem. We are not so callous as to hold each other to some addled sense of morality. We live with love of each other as we are. Beings of realms the can be but moments for each other and know that they are fulfilled by others who hold for them a similar love." 

"You would hold a woman of no station in the same fashion as your sovereign Queen?" 

"I have held a pleasant tongue with you. Test my resolve in this manner further at your own peril." 

"You think you can threaten me?"

"You were warned," I say as Tempis skates across the smooth stone to stand nose to nose with this Envoy.

"You think him less for holding me in his heart as he does his Queen?" Tempis hisses as an edge of her true 'voice' seeps into her words.

"I did not say that," Slypheria replies.

"But you implied it rather strongly, did you not," Crys says walking to my shoulder.

"Tempis calm, she was taught these things and knows no other way," I say trying to cool her anger.

Tempis turns to me, "Then you should fuck some sense into her." then huffs before walking away.

"You're... ah...ah." the Envoy steamers.

"A Gorgon." Crys finishes Slyperia's accusation. "And I am of Master Nameless's harem. Mind your tongue or join my collection." Then she too walks away.

"I will leave you," she says.

"That would be advisable. Until next time, Envoy Slypheria." I bow and watch her dive into the water to swim at speed away from my island.

Walking back inside, Scelene says, "What a priss. And she is very warm on your form."

"No, she just wants human cock sans the human. Shit like this has happened to me before." I say.

"Don't she know it won't work if it's not attached?" Tempis asks.

Pfffah, "Not what I meant, but funny. Thanks, Tempis." I say.

"Master, this dark power? You want to stop others from getting it? Why not just claim it?" Jezabell asks rapid in a matter-of-fact tone.

"You want to get more of what you got earlier?" I ask her flatly.

"Yeah, for a lot longer next time too." she purrs.

"Then I can't claim that kind of power," I state picking up the empty bowl and putting it in the wash basin.

"That doesn't make sense, Lord," Prizum says.

"The level of that power and the corruption it could do to me. If I claimed the power, it is very likely I would be changed into something far worse then the Arch-Demons you detest serving." 

"So you would pit yourself against those that would take that risk?" Prizum asks further.

"Knowing what could become of the world if I stood by and did nothing. I'd do so even without the boon of a Goddess." I say.

"And that is why you have it," Aqua says from behind me. "You chose their service I see."

"You just tossed a jibe and wisped away. So what brings you back. A good ribbing cause I made a bad choice?" I say sarcastically.

"Hahaha. That's what I like about you Ryktis. No sniveling, just in your face truth." Aqua says looking over the Huntresses. "You three know what I am yet are not repelled by My presence. You carry his favor of shielding I gave to him. That would not be so if he were not here. You are still demons."

"Yes, Goddess, we understand," Prizum says bowing her head.

"Don't you all start sniveling in his place. I bring amulets of favor for the three of you as his named servants. They will negate all banishment by a follower of any of my faithful. It will assist when those of another faith try doing so as well. Would you wear such a thing given to you by a Goddess, to better serve your Lord and Master?" 

"We accept your gift in order to better serve our Lord Master Nameless." the three of them say taking a knee with heads bowed.

"I'll give you these, Ryktis. I can't touch them and they can't touch me. Speak their pacted name to the amulet before handing it to each one. Wouldn't want just any demon having such protections." She says handing me the amulets. "Crys my dear, how are you?"

"I do well. Goddess." Crys replies.

"Have there been any new visions? Or are you still adjusting to the new location and company?"

"No new visions and perhaps for a little of both reasons, Goddess." Crys answers.

"Nameless, maybe you can find a book of meditations to help our lovely Crys," Aqua suggests.

"You seem to be offering gifts and advise, so what of your wisdom shall I be imparted, Goddess?" Scelene asks stepping to my shoulder.

"Moxie, I don't give your kind enough credit. I advise using circlets or tiaras for you little girlies. Keep them from forgetting and saving you a lot of hassle in mental upkeep. He has plenty out there to choose from and their shiny." Aqua says nodding her eyebrows raised.

"Thank you for your wisdom, Goddess," Scelene says respectfully.

"Would you ask a question of me, Ryktis?" Aqua asks.

"When you say it like that... What is the deal with that Envoy? Her mother is one of yours. Has she been filling her daughters head with wild tales and lies?" I ask.

"Something like that. Think of it as a backup plan if you need underwater help in numbers. Drop my name and poof she will listen to you. Don't abuse it." Aqua says.

"Like I need any more of that," I say waving my hand towards the harem.

"Don't blame me for that. You made this bed yourself. Are you really complaining?" she asks.

"No, finding all new juggling skills," I answer.

"You clever man, keep this up and I might seek you out for your wiles and passion for myself," she says shimmering into the wind with light laughter dancing in the breeze.

"Lord, you have given us tasks and a time in which to do it. Please place on us the gift she granted that we may set to duties we are to complete." Prizum requests.

I take each aside and give them a named amulet. They each give me a kiss before shimmering on to another plane. Once gone ahead over to sit next Scelene in the lounge. Crys sits next to me on the other side. They cuddle up on my shoulders and start kissing my neck. They push me back on the lounge so they can wrap their legs over mine.

"Is there a reason for the forward approach?" I ask.

"You need this," Scelene says. "And I want it."

"If you don't get a handle on your aura you'll tip us into insanity," Crys says.

"Wait. Am I that bad? What am I going to do?" I panic.

"Calm down. It hasn't changed your ability to hold your emotions from others. But the control you have keeping inner fears and turmoils in check is bleeding from your aura. It feels like deception and insecurity. You need to will your aura to be calm." Scelene explain.

"Then what has the two of you so affectionate?" I ask wiggling between them.

"Goddess Aqua was flirting with you. We felt her arousal and it's like girl nip to other women." Crys says as grinds her excited cunny against my thigh.

"I can't help but act on these new flesh driven impulses. My body reacting outside the direct control of my will. It's intoxicating." Scelene says mirroring Crys in humping my other thigh. "And I know what you did to the Huntress was hardly satisfying for you." 

"I told you no peeking," I say.

"I didn't. Your body language said it all for you." Scelene says gripping my towering erection. "Would this small amount of petting bring such a reaction if you had been sat-tis-fied?" stroking me as she monosyllables the last word.

"Climb on him and let your body decide, Scelene. I'll get the love oil." Crys says before sliding off the lounge and scooting off.

Scelene swings her leg over putting her body over mine. Her smooth cool skin pressed to mine as her breast billow out to the sides of their confinement against my chest. She draws her knees up to my sides as she places her hands on my shoulders. As she lifts herself on all fours she looks into my eyes. 

"I will endeavor to makes this good for you as well. It will feel good but alien cause I'm cold-blooded."

Before I can reply her tight cool slippery passage surrounds my manhood. It does feel good. Like a slimy cool stream hand-job only more engulfing. She holds her eyes to mine as she arches her back. Her rhythm is long slow trips up and down my shaft. The pleasure I feel is more from her than physical stimulation. I feel the roll of four orgasms pleasure my senses yet don't physically have one.

Her eyes still locked with mine start to sparkle. The dancing flickers form glyphs and equations then descends into a swirling cloud of pleasurable sensation. Every muscle in my body goes placid. She drops to my chest panting in mathematics. She slides to the side and Crys kisses my lips gently as she impales herself onto my still standing man flesh. The heat of her, by comparison, rails my senses into a new realm of intimacies. 

She holds my eyes and rolls her hips in passionate circles. It holds me for what feels like an eternity. Grabbing her hips I flood her with my rain of seed. Her eyes flash in an otherworldly light that splits my skull with a wave of pain, my eyes burn, and I scream. Yet my orgasm rolls on. I come to and there is a blindfold wrapped around my head covering my eyes but I can still see. 
