 Rosco was having a dream, a wonderful dream, when something woke him up.

He didn't want to be awake, in his dream there was Traci with her pair of big soft bare breasts pressed against his face, her hand had ahold of his burgeoning erection, wafts of pleasure was flooding his entire body.

This time it looked like she was actually going to let him....

He opened his eyes and the vision was gone. He closed them again, trying desperately to be back there, to remember but like so many other dreams, it faded, then was gone from his memory.

Rosco hated it when that happened.

He lay there listening, there was no sound. Once more opening his eyes, the bedroom ceiling was visible, barely, in the bright October moonlight.

It was very quiet, too damned quiet in fact. Rosco rolled upright, his feet feeling the coolness of the floor. A quick glance at the clock on the little stand beside his bed showed that it was 3:57 AM.

Once more he closed his eyes and tried to remember the dream, but it just would not come. He knew it had been wonderful, if he could only get the vision back, he was so close.

Traci had never actually let him fuck her, but she sure knew how to get him to blast off into the air. Plus several times now she had let him suck on her big soft titties, he loved to do that. Her resistance was fading, sooner or later he would get those panties down and off and....

Rosco let out a long sigh, no way was he going to be able to get back to his dream.

His erection was fading, too. Then it hit him that he needed to take a piss. Of course the bathroom was downstairs, and the house was cool. With his mind still invested in sleep, and struggling with trying to get back into the lovely dream, he simply didn't want to get up.

Rosco finally got up and went over to the window, sliding it upwards carefully so as not to make any noise. He knew he shouldn't, his Mom was already griping about the brown leaves on her Rose Bushes down below, but what the hell.

Reaching down with his thumb, he tugged the waistband of his briefs down enough that his now soft dick would reach over the top of them.

Sliding back his foreskin, he prepared to let fly.

That is when looked up and saw it.

Far across the moonlit fields was a large long cylinder shaped object, it appeared to be hovering over the slough out there. The moonlight was bright enough that he know that was no shadow, whatever in the hell that was, was real.

Startled, Rosco clamped down, stopping the stream just as it started. He felt a couple of droplets of moisture fall on his bare foot. He gave his pecker a couple of shakes, tucked it back away and reached for his field glasses that sat on the table by his bed.

Those were a damned good pair, 40 power, he normally used them to look over at the house next door in the evenings. That house sat back a bit, but by leaning out slightly he sometimes could catch one or both of the couple that lived there in various stages of undress.

Once he had even seen the old man give his wife Kay a pretty good hosing in the downstairs living room. She was a solid fifty pounds overweight, with huge sagging breasts, but man could she use her butt. That time she had been down on her hands and knees as John, her old man stuck what looked to be about 5 inches in her from behind.

Her big old boobs had been swinging back and forth that time, it was something to watch. She had turned enough that Rosco had almost been able to see Kay's snatch, he did manage a glimpse of a mass of black hair. 

He had been trying ever since to catch them at it again, but so far all he had managed was to see Kay in her underwear, and once with just her panties on. She had a giant fat set of boobs with great big nipples, they pointed almost straight down.

Watching her wandering around like that was kinda fun, although it did make him wonder if his girlfriend Traci's tits would look like that in a few years.

Rosco shook his head at that thought, the fog of sleep had completely left him and he looked back out across the field.

That thing, whatever it was, was still there! For a moment, he had thought it was part of his dream but now he knew damn good and well he was fully awake. He rolled the adjustment on the binoculars back and forth until it was perfectly clear, no doubt at all it was something just hovering there.

It was big, it had to be at least 100 feet long, 30 feet around, maybe more. It looked like a long dark colored piece of pipe. It was hovering in the air above the water, there were no wings, no fins, nothing. Rosco felt a sudden vision in his mind that they were getting water.

They? He shook his head, that vision was powerful.

As he watched through the binoculars, it began to show a faint deep purple glow, and the glow was moving around the outside of it like a wisp of vapor of some kind.

Then a tiny light blinked on, it flashed in his eyes. Startled, he almost dropped the glasses, reaching up to rub his eyes. It was a very thin beam of white light, and it seemed to come right at him, blinding him for a moment.

The cylinder began to move upwards, slowly at first but then building speed at a motion hard to follow, it was gone. He saw no flash of rockets, there was no noise at all. A jumble of characters that were nonsense flooded into his mind, confusing him for a few seconds.

The faint purple haze hung there in the air where it had been for just a moment, swirling, then it was gone.

Rosco watched for quite a long time, nothing. Finally he put down the glasses, went downstairs and relieved himself. For some reason he really didn't want to stick his pecker out the window right then.

He looked out again when he got back to his room, there was nothing there. He just went back to bed, the cool sheets tugged up tightly around himself.

Then he woke up. He tried to move but could not, he was in one of those moments between sleep and awake where nothing in his body would move. He tried to open his mouth to call out, but nothing happened. There was a flash of panic, then he managed to calm himself.

This had happened to him before, he knew that if he could just relax, concentrate on moving one finger, sensation and movement would flood across him again.

He was lying on his side, there was a sudden scurrying motion, he saw a glimpse of the Cat as it darted across the room and then it was gone.

Next he heard a tiny sound. Something, someone was on the stairs. Rosco desperately tried to move to no avail. He listened carefully, heard the soft scuffle of something just outside his door. His body felt cold, fear overtook him.

If he could just more his little finger.....

The door opened slowly. There was a shadow in the room, it was large. Then another shadow joined the first one. Rosco tried with everything in his mind to move, there was nothing.

The shadows crossed the room. He felt the voices in his mind, it wasn't really like voices, it was more like pictures? Almost like watching TV with the sound off?

Almost.

In his mind he saw a glint of light that came from his own house. He realized that had been the reflection of his own binoculars in the moonlight. He saw them reach down and turn on their own, sending a thin beam back. He saw his own hands come up to cover his face, then darkness as the light went out.

That was crazy, for a moment it was like he was them looking at himself. 

"This is the one." He felt that it in his thoughts.

"Yes, this one."

"What do we do?"

"Take the creature, we must test anyway."

"How do we know if it is fertile?"

"We must start somewhere."

"We will test."

"Yes, test it."

Rosco felt himself being picked up effortlessly, his body felt rigid but he still could not move. He tried to open his mouth to scream but nothing happened.

The shock, the fear was too much, his mind went blank. He began to dream.

{She smiled sweetly at him as he lay there on the bed, completely naked. She glanced down at his massive erection, as she lifted the nightgown over her head. Her breasts were huge, the nipples soft and rounded, the gentle sag of each of them a delight.

He looked down at her loins, hidden barely behind the wisp of black pubic...

***

Rosco held his foreskin back as he let the stream of piss go out the window. He knew his Mom was going to be mad about her Roses but he would just deny....

***

Her hand wrapped around his erection, she was still staring at it, delighted in it's size. She gripped and slid her hand down over it, the large plum shaped head popped out.

"There it is!" She said, a catch in her.....

***

Pissing. Rosco felt himself pissing, it just seemed to go on and on...}

_________________________________________

He opened his eyes. His blood ran cold at what he saw. The monster peered down at him as he lay there. He looked quickly away, this could not be happening. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying desperately to move, get out of this nightmare.

He felt something, looked down as best as he could. He was lying on his back, on some kind of platform. One of the creatures reached down with what seemed to be a hand, except it had just three fingers, each was webbed partway, and he saw the fingers were very long with 4 pronounced joints.

The hand touched his leg, he saw the fingers bent either forwards or backwards, they seemed to be inspecting his leg. The hand came up, grasped his testicles, sliding around until each one was held in one of it's hands. Another of the creatures was lifting his legs upwards, holding them spread wide.

The other creature leaned down and peered at him.

"Waste orifice." The vision was almost words combined with a..view? It seemed strange but Rosco understood. They were looking at his asshole, trying to figure out what is was for.

"Yes, waste orifice."

"This creature feeds and then wastes."

"Yes, a very poor wasteful animal."

"That was what it was doing when it saw us, wasting."

"Yes, wasting." All of that was a jumble, a blur of visions overlapping each other. It was ..noisy, with no sound?

The face leaned over Rosco's, peered down. It's eyes were black, at the very center he could see a small purple circle. It was so close it was almost touching him.

He opened his mouth to scream, and he actually managed one. It was very loud. The creature jerked back quickly, it's hands came up to cover the sides of it's neck. The face suddenly developed wrinkles, it seemed to feel pain.

He felt something just like pain in his own mind, then he fell silent.

"It uses vibrations, how wasteful." That vision with...words? It came again.

"Yes, wasteful." Then there was a flood of visions, symbols, characters, none of it made sense. Rosco felt himself becoming ill, the thoughts were too much.

He turned his head to retch. One of them stepped forward with a container.

"This energy did not process?" It said.

"Wasteful, how odd."

"Yes, odd."

"Should we refeed this to it? Does it need energy? Perhaps can just return this energy back into....?"

Rosco got a vision of them stuffing his own vomit back into his mouth, he threw up again.

Two of them leaned in close to him, watching him carefully.

"Is it just sorting out certain portions of the energy? That would explain this wasteful process?" Rosco felt himself understanding somehow.

"I do not agree, the animal is in upset."

"Very well. Attach the probes."

There was a flurry of activity, thick bands of what seemed to be hair were spread on his chest, his arms, his legs. They placed some over his loins. Rosco could feel all of that, his body was becoming awake. His skin began to crawl as the hairlike stuff they dropped on him spread out, poking into him everywhere

"It is moving, I cannot hold it." That one sounded extremely concerned. But none of them were touching him, they were trying to control him with their minds. Concentrating, Rosco felt his fingers begin to move, as sensation flooded his body.

He sat up. The creatures all stood there, staring at him. The dark eyes increased in size.

"I cannot hold it!" It was like they all thought that at once. He resisted the wild urge to lay back down, swung his feet over the edge of the platform.

"What in the hell are you things?" He demanded out loud. Every one of them reached up and grasped their neck, he noticed they all had what looked like a row of gills there. They acted very upset, their eyes closed to tiny little dots.

"Bring the teacher!" Flooded into his mind, the vision was of a larger creature with great respect.

Teacher?

The door panel slid aside, another one of them walked into the room. This one was taller, and had what looked like a row of breasts low on it's chest.

"What in the hell is going....?" Was as far as he got, he felt his body go rigid.

"Goddammit!" He managed to exclaim aloud, then he was down and could not move again.

Rosco was no longer frightened, now he was pissed off.

"It is in resist mode." The new one said.

"It is dangerous when like that." Another one answered.

"Yes, dangerous." That came as a jumble from several directions.

They were afraid of him, he realized, getting a small satisfaction from that.

"Finish the tests, I am here." The new arrival fed into his mind. That one was not afraid of him at all. 

Rosco realized it was not talking to him, it was talking to them, it was like he was getting the overflow somehow. The visions were becoming..words?

"It has intelligence." One of them said. That vision sounded surprised.

"Yes, very backwards and primitive."

Rosco got that part, it pissed him off even more.

"I am not backwards, you mother fuckers!" He thought angrily.

***

Instantly there was a vision of his Mom, naked and down on her hands and knees, He felt himself approach...

Rosco felt himself surrounded by confusion.

"This creature breeds with it's parent?" Popped into his head.

"No, it is insulting us." The teacher thought.

"Interesting, for such a backwards animal."

"I am not a fucking backwards animal!" Rosco thought at them.

***

His mind flooded with the vision of his Cat, it's tail end up as he approached...

"You dirty sons of bitches!" He thought at them with as much anger as he could muster.

There was only a jumbled series of what looked like bits and pieces of..something, he had no clue what that was, information?

Rosco cleared his mind by letting it go blank, he began to understand that everything he thought came though to them as a vision was of what he was thinking. Everything they thought came to him in the same way, and any sound was uncomfortable for them. Somehow thoughts related to words, some kind of sub-conscious thing?

He felt his mind being blended into the one they called the teacher, it had gotten that part, and realized that he knew. It was like they were both thinking with each other, almost like two record players going at once.

He tried to move again, to no avail.

"Stay calm, we will not harm you. We just need to know what you are." That came from the teacher, it was somehow personal, the rest were not all jumbled in there.

Rosco decided to try to communicate with it.

"What are you, what are you doing to me?"

It stepped forward, looked down at him. He could see it clearly. It was about five and a half feet tall, it had gray skin that looked shiny. Rosco looked closely, he could see no sign of a suit or clothing of any kind. Then the dark eyes blinked. There was a small opening low on it's face, it could be a nose, perhaps a mouth? It was round, the size of a quarter. He glanced down, low on it's chest were four small bumps, at the end of each was what looked like a nipple. The arms, the fingers all seemed to be double jointed, like they could go both backwards and forwards and grasp in any direction.

The creature gazed at him curiously, then held up one hand and moved the fingers. Next it reached down and lifted one of the small breasts so he could look.

It flashed into his mind that this was a female, the others were all males. Perhaps like Ants, this was the queen, the leader, the rest were all workers?

The creature stared at him for a very long time. It was like it was trying to digest his thoughts. Rosco resisted at first, his mind as blank as he could make it, but then he felt it open and there was nothing he could do about it.

He could see the row of breasts, he was now sure that was what those were, but he could not see it's lower body. He wondered what they had down there.

The creature stood fully erect, then one of it's overly long legs came up onto the platform he was lying on. It stepped up and stood over him. Looking down, it opened it's legs, what appeared similar to a pelvis oddly swung out sideways.

Rosco realized it had seen his thoughts and was showing him it's vagina, it's opening. It looked like a human rectum, looking closer he saw there was no rectum.

"We do not waste." She thought at him.

So it had now become a she in his mind. He was beginning to get control over understanding how they were communicating, and he could do it himself. He felt himself relax, they really did not mean to harm him. The teacher stepped down from the platform easily. Then Rosco realized he could move. His hands and arms were free, he wiggled his fingers but lay still.

The workers scurried around and in no time had him covered with the hairlike netting again. He felt the stuff creep around his body. Lights appeared on the walls of the room, there was a very quiet whirring sound, that didn't seem to bother them.

Then they stopped, and they all gathered in a line at the foot of the platform. The teacher reached down and lifted his legs high. She inserted something into his rectum, then withdrew that. Next she felt his testicles in a curious manner. The other creatures all leaned in to peer at him.

The sensations of her touch caused him to begin to erect. He really didn't want to but he couldn't stop it. She leaned forward when that happened, peering from inches away. Somehow that was erotic, his erection swelled even more.

There was a sudden confusing jumble of thought in his head, then it was like a shadow swept over his mind, the thoughts were just hers again.

"You also...?" Rosco had a sudden vision of two of them appearing to rub their arms, their legs folding strangely around each other. Next he saw a cluster of tiny white egg like looking things, something poured into it, wrapped in what looked like wet cloth and placed into a case.

He realized he had just seen how they bred, he felt his mind slide into the memory of when he was with Traci, the pretty young lady that he had been dating. She wouldn't put out but she did other things.

The creature just stared at him when he thought that. He tried to reach her thoughts but it was like a door was closed.

He could not stop his own thoughts.

***

{Traci reached down and grasped his erection, sliding her hand up and down in fascination. She gasped and let out a little shudder as his foreskin slid back, in short order her manipulations caused...}

***

The teacher reached down and grasped his erection, the long fingers encircled it not once but twice. The fingers separated, going opposite directions as she stroked, Rosco was now at his full 6 inches and solid as a rock.

It was only seconds before he shuddered and blasted off into the air. He felt surprise flood into his mind from everywhere at once, then the other's thoughts settled down again.

"Waste?" One of them thought, but it was instantly silenced again.

She reached down and scooped up a gob of his sperm, looked at it, rubbed it between the long fingers. Then she held it up to her face, like she was sniffing it.

She stuck it into the round opening in her face, the opening closed for a moment.
