 I groan awake with a pounding in my head. I open my eyes timidly. They really do care about me, the blinds are drawn. Nix is lying in the bed with me and Oasis is quietly moving around in front of the stove. Nix locks eyes with me, a questioning look in her eyes. Leaning back I grown wincing from the herd of mammoths stomping the inside of my skull.

"Was it worth all this?" Nix whispers.

"I haven't even gotten started yet," I say rolling to the side.

"You planning on making alcohol a staple?" Nix asks.

"No, not that. I need to sit down with all of you and have the chat." I say.

"Which chat?" Nix says crawling closer to him.

"You know more than the rest. Time for everyone to be on the same page. If I have a goddess dropping in on me just for kicks, what else is on the horizon?" I say rifling my nightstand for a morning after potion. "Being a Lord to a Demon House is not a common occurrence for a mortal."

"Scelene pushed you to do it," Nix says shirking back.

"I'm not blaming her or pointing any fingers. Unless you summoned up that goddess." I say leaning over and kissing her cheek. "A chat is needed none the less. Get everyone gathered up while I go get Crys."

"I will," Nix says with a frightened look on her face.

I grab clothes and gather up gear. I don the ring of flight and grab the Iron Flask from the shelf. Walking past Oasis I grope a nice handful of her ass before going down the steps. Reaching the ground floor I hear Val mouthing at Cross again. I sneak behind her. Cross sees me but says nothing. I shove my hands up her shirt and grope me some elf boobs.

"What do you think you are doing?" Val yells at me.

"Grabbing the titties of some uptight elf chic with a loud mouth and lack of moral restraint," I say.

"Let me go." She growls.

"Sure," I say giving her hard nipples a good tug before letting go.

"You evil fuck." She says swing at my head.

"You haven't seen anything yet," I admit catching her fist in my palm. I pull her lips to mine. 

She struggles for a second then returns it passionately. I step back from it, "Later bitch." I say.

Her astonished expression as I stepped back almost made me laugh. 

"What did you say?"

"I said, later bitch," I say as I step out the door. I take a step and jump into the air.

"Nameless! You fucking asshole!" She screams as I fly off. "When I catch you..." She goes silent mid-sentence.

I am over the rim of the canyon seconds later. I turn in the direction of No Name. I put a little altitude under me and fly with as much speed as I can muster. Seven minutes later I am seeing the ocean on the horizon. No Name comes in to view. A dozen riders milled of the roadway at the entrance of my villa.

I drop low and get a closer look at them. They are wearing matching gear and colors. I don't recognize the insignia. They are carrying tether bows and mirrored shields.

I shoot out of the tree line and grab the bossiest looking one out of his saddle. The guy goes limp, trying to act as dead weight in my grip. I get over water and drop him as I intended.

The yelling of the other riders rises from behind me. Dropping down behind the villa I see Crys gearing up with her bow. She spins in my direction bringing her bow to bare. As I land she turns the bow away from me. Tempis bounces out of her nest throwing her arms around me.

"They rode in an hour ago. The wards on the bridge are holding." Crys says.

"They want me." Tempis whimpers.

"You're not property to be claimed so they can go fuck themselves," I say,

"Nameless?" A male voice calls from down by the water.

"Crys keep doing whatever it is you're planning on, Tempis stay out of sight, and I'll go talk with the Mer-guard about our prisoner," I say as I turn for the stairs.

Reaching the water's edge I see two guards holding the rider I dumped between them. Slightdi sits on the ledge, his tail still in the water. I gesture for the guards to bring the prisoner closer to the shore. The man has no weapons or armor. The Mer-guard stripped him of his gear in less than thirty seconds after he hit the water.

"We have casters at the ready if you wish it Consort," Slightdi says formally.

"Don't get all official on me, Sid. They aren't after the clan. They are hunting Tempis. Who are you working for?" I ask the prisoner.

"What makes you ..." He starts to say but the guards dunk him at my signal.

"I think he still thinks he has some power over whether he lives or dies," I say nonchalantly. "Who do you answer to?"

Cough. Cough. "Lord Ethneldis of Del' Krourt, of the northern province." He chokes.

"Your group is armed for Gorgon and Siren. Why?" I ask.

"The Lord wants them both for crimes against the city." He answers.

"That has got to be the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. Dump him on a beach, breathing if possible. Sid tell Caldoria this is my domain and not political. Give her a nice two-hand groping from me privately. Keep the guard out of what happens next." I say giving him a gentleman's nod.

"Sure thing Rik," Sid says before sliding into the water.

I just grin as I walk up the steps. 

Once back upstairs I wave Crys back from doing anything reckless. Grabbing out a chain-lightning wand I head for the bridge. A half-dozen guys are standing at the other end of the bridge, swords drawn. Four others knock arrows in my direction.

"Unless you plan on dying today, put the weapons down," I say loudly.

"Where is Hobart?" The lead bow wielder demands.

"He's alive and being dumped on a beach. If you're nice and speak aquatic you might be able to find out which one." I answer. "As for the rest of you, time to mount your horses and leave."

"You have no authority to order us to leave." The bowman says taking better aim at me.

"I beg to differ. I am Lord Nameless of No Name. Sage of the Nameless Isle in Unnamed Cove. I am the Mayor of the town and Lord of this Province. I have every right to order you from my lands." I state with every bit of arrogance I can muster. "And if that isn't enough, Consort of the Court of Caldoria Queen of the Mer-clan. I could kill you all and no one would ever find your remains to scry from."

"You think your magic is the ultimate weapon. You're wrong." He says before loosing his arrow.

I step to the side but am grazed by the projectile anyway. The pain melts my restraint and my eyes burn as I turn this guy to stone. Two others never get the chance as Tempis's squeal robs them of their consciousness. Even the horses stagger as they are affected as well. She catches the bowman before he shatters on the ground.

"Nameless!" Crys hollers as she runs across the bridge.

"It's not bad. Bring a potion though. Please." I call over my shoulder back at her.

"I have one here." She says.

"What about stonified butt-munch?" Tempis asks.

"Crys, did I kill him?" I ask not sure if I want to know the answer.

"He lives, not sure for how long." She answers.

"Temy put him gently against the wall. Then we gather ... OWW!" I yelp as the potion stings in the wound across my shoulder. "Take all their weapons then wake them. I'll take it from there."

Tempis bounces from one sleeping rider to another gathering up weapons as she does. I ready myself for putting on a real sideshow. Crys and Tempis look at the pile of weapons then back at me. It's a sizable number, it takes three trips to take it all to the island. Tempis sings a line of a song and most of the riders roll or scramble to their feet seeking out weapons.

"Stop!" I yell.

Most of them do, two reach for other weapons on their horses.

"You were warned," I say as I hurl magic missiles to knock them off their feet. 

"If everyone would care to note that your boss is a statue. Yes over here, petrified. You have been relieved of your weapons and commander. I could have killed you all. Instead, I want you all to take a message back to Lord Ethneldis. If he wants to charge a Siren and Gorgon with criminal acts he must first name them citizens of the Empire. I would be more than happy to second such an act." I rattle off.

"You killed him!" One yells as he charges at me.

"Not quite," I answer as I missile him off his feet as well. 

"Now the longer you fight and argue, the more likely he will die before I can reverse the magic. Tell your Lord if he tries something like this again and I will pay his house a visit to do a little hunting of my own."

"You can't stop us all. Let's get him!" a shorter rider says hurling a rock at me.

The arrow strikes the center of his forehead snapping his head back with enough force to take him off his feet. I grab the rock out of the air before his body even hits the ground. I drop it to the ground looking at the rest of the riders coldly. They hold up hands in surrender.

"He must have forgotten that I am not alone," I say turning toward their petrified commander. 

"You will report what I told you to your commander and leave my province."

My eyes flare and the commander falls to the ground restored to his flesh state. Looking over my shoulder at the riders, I walk back across the bridge. Two of them rush forward to their commander. Tempis is waiting for me at the other end.

"You're just going to let them go?" Tempis asks.

"I came to get you and Crys. Dealing with these jackasses wasn't on the schedule." I answer.

"We going somewhere?" Tempis asks.

"Little trip to the Vale, with Crys and you. We are having a group chat." I say.

"And why are we doing this today of all days?" Crys asks laying her bow on the table.

"A lot of things are starting to focus on us, well, me specifically. I need to tell all of you the truth about a number of things. It will be simpler to tell all of you at the same time. The sooner the better." I say holding the Iron Flask towards Crys.

"We're going to the Vale! Yeah! You're going to like it a lot Crys. We can even shop." Tempis says.

"You want me to go with you?" Crys asks astonished. "You'd leave the island empty?"

"I will tell Sid to guard it, but I do want you to come along." Answering both questions before I look over the pile of weapons we took from the riders. "Prizum, Chareese, Jezabell, come to me."

"You summoned, Lord?" Jezabell asks stepping from the ether.

"I did. You and your sisters can claim any of this equipment you want. Let your sisters know when they arrive. Crys convey to them I want to talk to them directly before they leave." I say walking to the stairs.

"Yes, of course." She replies.

I quickly descend the stairs. Walking to the waters edge my mind races with how much I should tell Sid. Telling him would be the same as telling Caldoria herself. That may not be the best thing to do either. A guard surfaces and I signal that I want Sid. He retreats with a positive indication of understanding my request. 

Only a few minutes later, "What is it Nameless?"

"The villa will be empty for a few days." I start.

"Completely? What about Crys?" He asks.

"I am taking both of them with me. After this hunting party thing, I want them with me for a day or two. If you could keep a closer watch of the villa I would appreciate it." I say.

"I'll double the watch. You going to talk to the halflings? They weren't hurt by the riders or anything were they?" He asks.

"Thanks for the verbal slap in the face. I need to go check on everyone." I say as a wave of panic runs up my spine.

"I'll be here. Come back down before you leave." He insists.

I nod as I climb the stairs. Moving quickly over the bridge to the group of houses just past the Inn. The halflings give me a mixed reaction. Some smile brightly where the others give me that 'it's about time' gaze. No one is badly hurt. A few got tossed around by the riders but no more than any other night a big group passes through No Name.

"Gee Nameless, why'd you go so easy on those blow-hards?" Tikal jibes.

"If I killed them I get a visit from His High Ass. You want one of those?" I ask.

"His nose is too big. For one of those monarchies." Tikal mumbles as a few others giggle.

"I know that and agree wholeheartedly. The villa is going to be empty for a couple of days. Everyone be safe and if things get weird call Sid. Right?" I ask.

"Okay, Nameless. We hear ya. Have a good trip. Make sure miss birdie comes home." Tikal says just before get whopped by a few of the halfling ladies. 

"You had that one coming young man," I say before shaking a hand or two.

After seeing that everyone is no worse for wear from the riders I cross back over the bridge. Tempis bounces to my side with her usual impish smile. I pat her bottom and point her back towards Crys before going back down to the cove.

"Sid!" I call over the water's surface.

"I am here Rik," Sid says from the shallows at the seawall.

"Everyone is fine up on the cliff top," I say sitting down on the wall.

"You didn't even know they were here, did you?" He asks.

"No, I didn't know. I saw them as I flew over the Mist Ridge. A dozen armed horseman trampling the main street of No Name isn't what I expected to see. Armed to hurt Crys and Tempis almost pushed me over the edge." I admit.

"That why you grabbed one and dropped him on us?" He asks.

"I thought he was their leader," I say.

"You got answers from him anyway." He says.

"Yes. Just not the kind of answers I was prepared for. Lord Ethneldis wants them for crimes against his city. That seems petty. Why not just charge the rain with trespassing. I'd like to demand a list of these charges in person but doubt I would even get through the gate without a fight." I rant.

"And why Crys? How could they even know her name?" Sid muses.

"Sid you're a genius. Who is he really after? Who whispered in his ear?" I start rambling out loud.

"Rik! What do I tell Caldoria? Those riders bring a threat against friends, sisters of the clan. She is not going to be so willing to just let this go unanswered." He says.

"I know. This, however, is a move by a dweller Lord against another. Until evidence is found, that is all any others are going to see. I don't want the clan being roped into dweller politics. This feels like baiting of some trap. Tell her not to react to these dweller petty attempts." I say giving him a cautioning stare.

"I understand, Consort," Caldoria says as she approaches the two of us.

"Highness." Sid and I say in unison.

"I would tell you to walk softly. Since your chat with the envoy, she has been very polite. She has also been less than forthcoming with information from her council. If this is an attempt to circumvent the agreement with Ulmagust, as my rep, he must be informed." She says. "Travel well, Riktys."

"I understand, Caldoria. Thank you, my Queen. Sid watch over her as always my brother." I say.

"As is my honor, brother," Sid replies with a smile and wink.

I nodded and scurried for the stairs. 

Crys was giggling as I reached the landing. I just wag my finger at her and continue up the steps. Tempis hands me a bag before tying her dress closed. I chant the incantation and unstop the flask to scoop up Crys.

"Jezabell, after you and your sisters claim gear, Come to the Vale," I say making sure the flask is sealed.

Once Crys is secure in the bottle Tempis and I take flight back to the Vale. Keeping up with Tempis is not difficult. The low hanging cloud cover is a different story. Three times on the trip back I have to catch Tempis to turn her in the right direction. She hums as she flies, so by the time we reach the Vale, we have a flock of three hundred with us. She laughs landing on the clock tower framework in the center of town. I come down in front of the bookstore.

Oasis opens the door waving me away from the building. I jump into the air just as Val steps out barking about calling her the second I get back to the bookstore. I glide down the street to the brothel. No foul if I don't go to the bookstore, right? I land on a balcony on the second floor and whistle for Tempis. She darts down plowing into me, knocking us both to the floor.

"You called?" She giggles.

"Making enough noise out here?" Scelene asks from the balcony door.

"Hi, Lene." Tempis chirps.

"Can we come in? Tempis you're crushing my importants." I grunt.

"Ooo, I'll check that," Tempis says.

"No, not now." I protest hold her at bay. "Can we come in?"

"Get in here before the guards spot your butts from the wall," Scelene says.

"Is that going to be an operational issue?" I ask half dragging myself through the door.

"I don't think so. To be honest, it will increase revenue opportunities." Scelene says with a wink.

"Mistress, Master Strike is downstairs." A cute girl says. "He's looking for Nameless."

"Dang-it! I thought he didn't see me." Tempis complains.

"Bring him up," I say climbing to my feet.

"You'd talk to him and not Valkyrie?" Scelene asks.

"It's a guy thing. Besides I am still not so sure about Val. She plays things a little too close to the vest. I gave her info and I get more questions. I don't know where she stands sometimes. Strike however is straight with me." I say dusting myself off and sitting on the end of the couch.

"This about the sneakiest teacher in thief school. Wonders never cease." Scelene says shaking her head.

"You need to come up to the patrol post," Strike says as he enters the room. "Larry wants to talk to you."

"If you're here it must be serious," I say. "Lead on Strike."

"So what you do to Val this time?" Strike asks.

"I called her a bitch after stealing a kiss from her," I admit.

We cross over to the guard road and head up the carved stairwell the cliff top. It's been months since I even saw the Lizard-man Shaman. I follow Strike up the trail to the petrol station. I ponder what Larry has to discuss with me. Animating a fallen person to get them home. Some potion or spell he needs but can't get himself. We round a curve in the trail and there Larry stands. He has two bodies at his feet.

"Nameless, you need take these. I no have anything to fix dem." He says waving his hand over the bodies then turning and walking away before I can even give a greeting.

I pull the cover back and see two nude green-skinned women. They are breathing, eyes open but not focused and flawless skin head to toe. They aren't bound. I check their heart rates, both are strong. Outwardly there isn't any reason for them to just be laying here. I look at Strike who just shrugs.

I take one and he the other. We carry them down to the brothel. Surely Scelene will be able to see into their minds to find an answer about them and what happened to put them in such a state.

When we get back to the brothel, Scelene is waiting with the doors open. She points at a couple of tables she has set up for us to lay them on. She goes over them one after the other. She links with me. Instantly I hear the garbled speak of these mix blood girls. Both were driven from their clan for being too ugly. The 'green curse' at work again.

The Green curse is a rumor from an ancient war. A powerful group was cursed for their crimes against the world. They were struck stupid and only wanting homely mates. If something looked too pretty it was discarded. The mark of the curse was the corruption of the blood making it green. The half-bloods of the green blood races are their attempt to spread the curse to others races.

"These two are very intelligent. With a little training, they'll make good staff for the brothel." Scelene says.

"Why are they like this?" I ask.

"Poison. I will wear off in another half day or so. Plenty of time for me to teach them what they need to know. Will you serve the master as I do?" Scelene asks.

Both acknowledge their place with a grunted something but Scelene's link translates to 'yes please'.

"I will get them cleaned up," Scelene says.
