 Chapter Four: Office Hours

"So I should... mmmhhhh... warn you... oooh... that I might be... unh... suffering from... sexual addiction," Monica finished with a sigh. She straddled my lap on the bed, fully naked and indulgently riding my cock. I sat propped up by a pile of pillows to provide her with a welcoming perch. Her arms lay around my shoulders in a loose embrace. This wasn't about passion or urgency. This felt nothing short of decadent.

Granted, it would've been more decadent with Stacy there, too, but she had to head back to work before the day was out. Monica had things to do, too, but she had a little more freedom to remain with me until the evening. Amazingly, both of them plainly had the desire.

Friday night through Tuesday afternoon, having hardly separated and having indulged in every sexual urge, the three of us were perfectly content to go on. As I might've mentioned, it was the best long weekend I had ever had.

"You, too?" I grinned. "At least you and Stacy can control yourselves. I mean if you said to stop, I'd stop, but it'd make me nuts."

"Nah," she murmured. "you'll learn. And we'll keep seeing each other. Keep enjoying this. You. Mmmh."

My hands were on her ass, squeezing it selfishly while helping her lift and lower herself on my cock. We'd been at it for awhile, never increasing the pace, and enjoying one another's orgasms as they occurred. The bed beneath me was more than a little damp, but I hardly cared. Hell, if it had been a point of conversation, I might've confessed to being a little proud. I'd gotten Monica off more times than she had gotten me.

The affection in her eyes made it even better. She drew in for a long, sweet kiss, the kind two people can easily lose themselves in.

And then the bedroom door opened. "Oh!"

Our eyes snapped open. Alyssa stood there in a loose white garment somewhere between a kimono and a toga, with her long brown hair hanging over one shoulder. Her big brown eyes were as wide as they'd ever been. One hand swept up to cover her open mouth.

I about had a heart attack. I froze stiff. Alyssa blurted out, "Ohmygosh I'm sorry!" and shut the door.

There was a heartbeat of utter shock. Monica remained in my lap, with me sheathed inside her, and I heard Alyssa say on the other side of the door, "You guys, I am so sorry, just—I'm home, okay?"

I blinked, and couldn't form words. Monica laughed.

"I'm sorry!" I heard again. The series of thumps on the door that followed could only have been Alyssa's head. Monica just kept laughing, holding my head close to her chest as she did so as I stared at the door with wide, mortified eyes. I have to presume that was just to help her keep her balance. I mean, she clearly appreciated how much I loved her breasts, but the moment just didn't seem to be about that.

"Oooooh God," Alyssa moaned, "Kyle, I'm sooo sorry. You guys just. Um. I'm gonna go downstairs and put some headphones on and you come down whenever you're ready, okay? Just don't rush anything or... I mean... um... just finish on your own time, and, uh. Um. Okay, I'm gonna just walk away now!"

I grasped for words to say. Nothing came to mind. Monica spoke for both of us. "Welcome home, hon!" she called back, and then turned her attention to me. "Well, she's home early," my partner grinned.

"I can't believe that just happened," I said.

"I can't believe you've got it in you to be embarrassed after all that's been going on," Monica replied. "You're kinda red right now."

"I'm not sleeping with Alyssa," I argued, my voice dropping.

Whatever her first reply was, she thought better of it. "You two have a lot to work out," Monica said.

"Yeah," I nodded. "Maybe we'd better just...?"

Monica reached around me to pull several of the pillows away and pushed me onto my back. She deliberately ground her hips into mine, indulging my cock with a squeeze and roll within her that left her cooing with delight, too. "You've always had a thing for her," Monica said, laying out on top of me. Her hands caressed my shoulders as her breasts pushed up against my chest. She felt every bit as amazing now as she had our first time. Familiarity and repetition didn't reduce sensation one bit.

I groaned with appreciation for her body and all it did for me. "Yeah," I said, having admitted at least that much already this weekend. "Yeah, I always did. Didn't prevent me from being interested in others."

Monica smiled and kissed me. "I'm not afraid of this. You shouldn't be, either."

"I'm not afraid."

"You are. You've never laid it all out on the table with her. Never made a move. You're afraid it'll change everything, aren't you?"

"Yeah," I conceded. "She means the world to me. I don't want to make things weird or lose her."

"You think she doesn't know?" Monica's grinding never stopped. She was using me as a lover should use another even while discussing my other interests. Monica never stopped blowing me away with her confidence. She knew damn well that whatever I might say or feel about someone else was no reflection on how I felt about her.

"All these years you've been close. Everything you've done for her. You think she doesn't at least suspect? And after everything she's given you—and think about what all that is and how much trust it involves—you think she's not willing to take that risk?"

I didn't respond right away. My hands just moved up and down her sides and her back as she slowly fucked me. "She's family."

"She's the family you chose, not the one you were born with," Monica said. "Different rules for that. And really different rules when you start mixing in the aliens and the biological adjustments and stuff. She knows damn well what they did to you.

"I'm not saying you should or shouldn't do anything. Maybe deep down you prefer things the way they are between you two. I'm just saying you shouldn't be afraid. Alyssa's a stronger girl than anyone I know.

"But I am sayin'," she grinned, rolling her hips around on me again, "that you'd better finish me off good, and yourself, too. Don't go down there to talk to her still feelin' horny and anxious. And don't forget that whatever goes on with you two, there's still you and I." Her grin turned a little more wicked. "And Stacy."

Her mouth came down on mine once more. We grew passionate. I slipped one hand up to the back of her neck and hooked my other arm around her waist. Instinct and lust took over. I thrust into her hard, and then again and again. Monica's mouth came off of mine so she could gasp and grunt freely as I fucked her harder and faster. I kept her down close to me with that arm around her waist and thought about absolutely nothing other than how good it felt to lie beneath this sexual beauty and pound her from below.

Monica stopped trying to be sensuous or even a participant. She was just along for the ride now, just the beneficiary of my animal lust. She couldn't have said anything even if she wanted, overwhelmed as she was by all the sensation. Monica let me have her and loved it.

I came hard and didn't stop fucking. It didn't matter how good it felt to have all of that fluid pump through me and into her. It didn't matter how audibly she appreciated it. I had her and needed more, and fucked her well through my orgasm, and then through hers, ignoring the wet sounds of our relentless joining until I finally reached a second, more violent climax.

"Wow," Monica breathed as she relaxed on me. "You're just... wow." She showered my head and neck with kisses, weak and trembling with pleasure but overwhelmed with affection. "My guy."

"Yeah?" I huffed.

"I hope so. We'll have to see how it plays out. But wow. You keep getting better. I ain't always gonna want it like that, or even often, but... yeah. You're worth all the complications."

"So're you," I told her. "Thank you. For this. For everything."

"My pleasure. Obviously," she grinned. "We should get you cleaned up. And I gotta get out of here or I'll never leave."

"I'm not asking you to."

"Tempting," Monica said, "but let's not rush things. C'mon. I'll help you get cleaned up."

I couldn't say no to that. I'd only showered alone once all weekend, having quickly learned that my playmates were almost as much fun in the shower as they were in bed. Monica led me by the hand into the bathroom, got the water running... and then got to cleaning me up with soap, shampoo, a sponge, and her very satisfying mouth.

* * *

Alyssa sat on the couch, game controller in hand and noise-cancelling headphones covering her ears. The electronic streets of Miami ran red with blood as her game character galavanted along in a wild rampage. She didn't look particularly invested in whatever was going on, and I knew that was likely the case. Alyssa was a gamer through and through, and had always been a bit of a geek (which was how we first bonded), but for the most part games like this were about turning her brain off for awhile.

The pensive frown on her face had nothing to do with the difficulty of shooting her opponents.

I sat down beside her, freshly showered and dressed in cargo pants and a clean shirt. Sensing me coming even before I reached her, Alyssa paused her game, turned the television off with the remote and pulled off the headphones.

"Hey," I said, leaving some space between us on the couch.

"Hi," she said, and grumbled, "I'm so sorry. I really didn't mean to do that. I didn't hear anyone up there, and... ugh."

"Don't worry about it," I told her with a shake of my head. "That's just the risk of living together. I—we know it wasn't deliberate. Monica just left, by the way. Said for you to call her."

She gave a long, accepting "it's cool, bro" nod and played with her hands for a moment. "So, you and Monica, huh?"

"You set that up," I pointed out.

"Yeah. I knew you would hit it off. I was hoping you'd have a good time together," she said, grinning and blushing somewhat. The arch of her eyebrows and the naturally mischievous curves of her lovely face made it clear that she'd hoped for pretty much exactly what happened. "Um, did Stacy...?"

"Yes," I said, and now it was my turn to blush. "Her, too. All weekend. Had to go into work today for a little bit. We're all, uh... we're all open to seeing more of each other."

Alyssa's smile broadened. "That's great," she declared. "Kyle, you have no idea how hard it is for them to find a good guy. It's all douchebags who want trophy girlfriends or guys who don't know the difference between being confident and being jerks."

"Yeah, well, apparently I meet some other desired qualifications now, too, thanks to you," I noted.

She bit her lip. "Are you mad? I mean I know you had a good time, but I did a lot without your permission or knowledge."

"You did," I agreed calmly.

"I won't anymore. Promise. I just wasn't really sure how else to arrange the, um... the first disclosure? I mean I didn't know how to make it all real unless I introduced you to one of the Konlogath, and they don't really make a habit of coming to Earth except for specific reasons." She played nervously with a lock of hair and then tucked it nervously back behind her ear. "I mean I could've just asked for it as a favor or a payment or whatever, but that just seemed..." Her voice trailed off. "Are you mad?"

"No."

"You're sure?"

I took a deep breath. "Alyssa, I'm not mad," I told her. "I'm a little annoyed at how everything has gone down, and I'm... thrown for a loop, I guess? I'm really thrown. But you haven't lied to me or hidden anything out of malice right? Right. And the whole thing about your job is just, uh... well, it's been in the back of my mind all weekend, obviously. Monica and Stacy didn't want to talk a whole lot about what they knew because they felt like that was your job. But ultimately I guess it's just not really my business who you go out with? Or have sex with. Any of that."

"Except I'm making it your business," she ventured tentatively. "Explicitly. Literally."

"Yeah. Well. There's all that. It's a hell of a lot to absorb, even now," I told her, "but anyway, I might have mixed emotions about all this, but it's not like I'm mad." I looked her in the eyes and said, "You mean everything to me. You always have."

Her eyes had become a little watery in all this. Her lower lip was still somewhat pinned by her teeth until she said, "Can I have a hug?"

"Always," I said, reaching out to put my arms around her. She held me tightly, burying her face in my shoulder. Alyssa's slender body felt wonderful in my arms. She smelled wonderful. She always did. Now more than ever.

She also held onto me longer than she usually did. Maybe not as long as when I finally got off the plane at SeaTac to come home for good, but still. She held me tight, rubbing my back with her hands, and I had no reason to let go of her until she cleared her throat and pulled back a bit. Her eyes went over my arms and my chest curiously as she withdrew to her original spot a couple of feet away from me on the couch, but honestly, I thought nothing of it at the time.

"Um. So, I know we've got a lot to talk about," Alyssa said, "but, uh... what happened to my coffee table?" She gestured to the very obvious empty space in front of the couch. I'd gotten rid of the wreckage three days earlier.

"Yeah, so," I grunted, "there's some stuff I need to tell you, too. About this weekend. I mean I've got way more questions for you, but in case this is more urgent than getting me caught up, I figure I better tell you about some things that happened while you were gone."

Her brow furrowed. She looked worried. "Okay?"

"We had some visitors. Couple officers showed up from the Air Force on Saturday morning wanting to talk to you and I about 'unauthorized flights' in the neighborhood and wouldn't come right out and say it was aliens. I stonewalled. They left their card."

Alyssa's eyes went wide. "You're shitting me," she said. "That's never happened! Kruune and his people are so careful! I mean they've been coming and getting me and then dropping me off at home again for years."

"Yeah, I figured that might be the case, but—" then it was my turn to furrow my brow thoughtfully. "Is it always Kruune? Or his people?"

"Usually," Alyssa nodded. "Sometimes it's others, but I've generally made it part of the deal that transport is arranged through his house. They know what they're doing and they are always sensitive to my concerns. The Konlogath have this policy... it's not exactly the Prime Directive or anything, but it's close. They don't want to fuck up my planet. I mean that's why I can't just give 'em an invoice and tell them to pay it off by curing AIDS or showing up at the UN and explaining how to address climate change."

I'd wondered that. "Fair enough. Well, it probably wasn't Kruune's ship that got spotted. We, uh, had some other visitors on Friday night a few hours after you left."

Once again, Alyssa's eyes went wide. "Who? What happened?"

"Prince Orrtraan of Artrulth mean anything to you?" I asked.

She gasped a little with obvious excitement. "Ohmygod he's ador—uh. I mean. Yeah?" she corrected.

"Nice save," I smirked.

Alyssa sighed. "Kyle, there's so much—God dammit, there's so much we need to talk about and I don't want to hide anything from you, alright? Yes, I've heard of him and he's adorable. He seems like a really nice guy. Is he?"

"I guess? I don't know what the standard is with these guys. He seemed like a straight-shooter to me, just young. He showed up with his mom of all things."

"They do that," she snorted. "So what happened?"

At that, I told her pretty much everything, on up into the appearance of Gravlith. Alyssa made a face. "I've been dodging that guy," she said.

"Yeah, I kinda figured, but I didn't come right out and say it. Is it bad form to straight up deny these guys?"

"Well, yes and no," Alyssa said. "I mean, I try to be tactful about it is all. It's like anything else. Some people take it well, others don't. To be honest, most of them are just fine, but sometimes you just don't want to create any tension, y'know? And his house is largely kind of, um... douchey."

"Uh. Well. On that note," I grumbled on, "I should probably explain why there's new glass in the living room window."

Alyssa listened with awe as I told her the other story about Friday night's escapades in interstellar prostitution negotiations. "Oh you are shitting me," she blurted. "You punched him?"

"Kinda more than that," I shrugged sheepishly. "Window? Remember, like I just said?"

She buried her face in her hands and groaned loudly. "Oh god that's gonna be a thing."

"Look, he pulled a sword on Orrtraan, and then it was just on, y'know?"

"No, no, I get that," she grumbled, dropping her hands. "I just... this isn't gonna be forgotten about is all. Gravlith's probably gonna make a real stink about this, if he hasn't already. I'm not mad at you, Kyle. You didn't know any better. Hell, I'm not even unhappy that you did it, I just know there's gonna be blowback from it."

"Orrtraan left his, uh, bracer thingie or whatever to contact us. Said it was kind of time-sensitive."

Alyssa nodded. "Yeah, I know the calendar out there. We've got a few days, but we should make a decision soon."

That brought us to the real discussion, then. I frowned a bit, wondering if we were ready for that or if it needed to be put off for any reason. "So none of the rest of that needs to be dealt with immediately?" I asked. "Nothing needs to be done?"

"Well, I dunno what to do about the Air Force knocking on the door other than tell Kruune about it and have his liege put his foot up some asses about coming out here," she shrugged. "They shouldn't be doing that. Odds are it was Gravlith's ship that got spotted and not Orrtraan's, especially since he did the whole jackass herald and honor guard bullshit. But the rest is just..." she thought for a minute, then shrugged again and looked me in the eyes. "Business."

"Yeah," I grunted. "Okay. So."

"So."

"Business," I said. She nodded, looking at me pensively and waiting for me to speak. "I'm not... I'm not really sure where to begin with all this. I imagine you've thought a lot about how to tell me?"

"For years," she nodded. "And I still haven't really figured out how. I'm sorry. I'm just so... nervous. I don't want you to freak out or be mad or think I'm nuts or filthy or just... bad. And I know it looks that way."

"I'm not gonna judge," I said. "I already decided that. If this is what makes you happy, then that's what matters. It's just a lot to wrap my head around. I suppose I should ask how this all got started, but I just—I'm still trying to wrap my head around all this. I mean you never struck me as the materialistic type, right? So it can't be about the money."

Alyssa shook her head. "It's not that at all. I mean you're always told that you should find a way to support yourself by doing something you enjoy, right? So yeah, that's kind of part of it. But if I didn't love what I do, I wouldn't do it. I do this because it makes me happy." 

"How did all this even start?"

"I volunteered for a study in college," Alyssa deadpanned. I waited. She didn't elaborate. Apparently that was supposed to just answer everything.

"Seriously?"

She let out a sigh. "Back when you were still supporting me, I looked for anything I could do to stand on my own. So yeah, I did some research studies at the U. I mean some of them were just dorky and a couple of them weren't exactly well-designed experiments, but it's not like I was taking experimental drugs or anything.

"I'd been dating guys at the time. I mean once I hit college, I started to get the clue that guys find me attractive."

"You didn't figure that out in high school?" I smirked.

"Not the same. Not remotely. High school guys are dorks and they change their minds at the drop of a hat. Anyway, I dated a little, but every guy I was with got all possessive on me right away and I found that really frustrating. I liked exploring things. I liked flirting and you know what? Yes, I liked sex. A lot. But I didn't want to get tied down."
