 I woke up and opened my eyes ... and immediately regretted it. My vision swam as my unfocused eyes stared up at the ceiling. A sharp pain grew just behind my eyes until it spread into a dull thudding in my entire head.

"Ughhh..." I moaned out.

After a few moments, my spinning vision cleared and the relentless drum beating in my skull dropped away to a faint ringing in the ears. I pushed myself to a half sitting position and realized I was on the floor. My bed was right next to me.

I scolded myself, "Damn, way too much to drink last night." I didn't even remember making my way back to the dorm last night. I'd been out partying last night at one of those stupid frat parties, hitting on Becky Walsworth. Well, trying and failing to hit on blond-haired Becky.

Pulling myself up off the floor, I managed to drop unceremoniously into my bed. And that was where the first odd thing of the day happened. Lying in bed, I noticed it wasn't my bed. On my bed, I had an old blue-green comforter that dad had given me when I went away to college. Now this bed had a pale peach blanket on it. Strange...

Looking around, I began to realize I wasn't in my dorm room. I had the last room on the 2nd floor Anderson Hall. The building was designed to have 24 dorm rooms to a floor. The university, ever budget conscious, had managed to slip one extra room on the floor. At less than a third the space of a regular dorm room, I paid the full price for my little suite. But then again I got the room all to myself and that was fine with me.

As I examined the room, I was struck by a very odd feeling. It was both my room and not. The same old crack in the wall, the same small window looking out to the tall maple trees and the parking lot beyond. But my laptop was missing from the small desk on the other side of the room. Replacing it was a set of books and papers. In the one corner atop the ancient dresser sat an old tube TV, one of those TVs with the long metal rabbit ears projecting from the top of the box.

I blinked a few times ... nope nothing changed.

"Okay..." I breathed out and got off the bed. Clearly I couldn't be in my room. As far as I knew the other floors in the hall had the same layout as mine. So it was reasonable to assume in a drunken stupor I managed to get myself into the wrong room last night.

Odd that I hadn't bothered the room's current resident when I must have barged in here and passed out last night. A quick examination in the room led me to believe that current resident was a woman. Some very feminine underwear lay in a small heap on the floor. Looking down at the black lace panties, I decided it would be a good idea to get out of here before the owner showed up.

I turned to leave when the door to the room opened. I stopped short as the figure entering the room froze in the doorway like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming semi-truck. I assumed as she stood there in nothing but her bathrobe she would either yell or run for help at my invasion of her room. But she just stood there and blinked a few times.

"Ummm," I began as I tried to shift my mind into gear and failed badly. It wasn't easy as her bathrobe wasn't hiding her body very well. Her long red hair was still wet from her shower. It was combed back and lay cascading down her back. Her skin was pale with a scattering of freckles on the bridge of her nose with wide green eyes on her narrow face. I could easily see the swell of her breasts against the thin fabric and the entire robe didn't even go halfway to her knees. My eyes linger way too long on her slender creamy white legs. She was very pretty.

In a faint and nervous voice she asked, "Did Cindy send you?"

She didn't wait for me to answer. Not that I had any idea who the hell Cindy was. As fast as I could snap my fingers she was through the door, closed it and covered the distance in the tiny space of the room to me.

"I don't normally do this," she said while trying to manage a small smile. "But this month it's been really bad. I have a paper due and I can't even focus for a minute."

"Ummm. I'm sorry?" I managed to say as she reduced the space between us to a few inches. I could smell her now. A fragrant scent of bath soaps and shampoos but also something else, something almost spicy filled my senses.

In a low husky voice, she whispered, "I've been so wet ... I used the shower head to get myself off twice, but it hasn't helped a bit."

What small part of my brain functioning properly told me something very odd was going on and I should try to get some sort of explanation. But attractive red-heads who show up and talk about being so horny they can't think straight had a great deal of my blood supply heading south. What I did manage to say was this -- "What can I do?"

"This," she said with a faint grin as she undid the skinny rope holding her robe on. She shrugged her shoulders and the thin bathrobe pooled on to the floor.

I looked her over and decided my previous estimate of her being pretty was an understatement. She was gorgeous and very naked. Her breast weren't necessarily large, a decent C cup, but they were firm and didn't sag at all. Her small pink nipples stood erect. My gaze lowered across her flat stomach and then to the small patch of red curls between her legs.

"Are you just going to stare?" she asked with a huff.

"I'm Jason," I said in a way of an introduction, which I realized was pretty stupid at this point.

But she smiled warmly and pressed her nude form to my body. Whatever questions I had about what the hell was going on were quickly tossed to the back of my mind. "Nice to meet you Jason, I'm Abby. If you don't mind, please screw my brains out."

I needed no encouragement. I reached out and wrapped my arms around her waist. I felt the swell of her tits press against my chest as she in turn wrapped her arms around my neck. I slid my hands down her backside and squeezed her ass. I was rewarded with a soft moan from Abby and she began kiss and lick my jaw and then on to my neck.

My clothes were becoming quite a bother for poor Abby and she began to tug on my shirt. I let go of her long enough to let her pull my shirt over my head and then I pulled her back to me. Her breasts were warm and soft against my chest. Her little nipples had grown even stiffer and she began rubbing her chest back and forth in faint motions against my chest. Those nipples of hers grew even harder and longer and she let a deep moan.

Somehow we managed to get back to her bed. She laid down on the twin mattress and ran her hands down her tummy, past those delightful little red curls, and began to stroke her pussy. She hadn't been exaggerating when she said she was wet. Her pussy lips were swollen and her honeyed juices were already beginning to drip.

As I worked to pull off my jeans, I leaned down and hovered over her very damp cunt. I had never been great at eating a woman out. Most of my experiences ordinarily left with me with a sore neck and my date reasonably pleasured. But I could usually tell they were hoping for more. I wasn't sure where anyone learned how to eat pussy other than watching porn or just a lot of experience. But I sure the hell wasn't going to waste this opportunity.

As soon as I bent forward and my breath tickled those moist red curls sitting above her wet little slit she let out a warm sigh and said, "Oh, you do that? Thank God ... Suck me..."

I dove in, quite literally head first. That spicy aroma I had smelled before on her was centered from her pretty pink pussy and I began to lick and suck on her puffy lips of her vagina. She tasted different from any woman I had been with and licked every point on her sweet hole in hunt for that spicy taste.

For my labors, Abby moaned and bucked in the bed. I felt her hands on the top of my head and she pushed me in towards her center. As I licked and sucked away I reached up with my right hand and began to caressed her thigh, working towards her pussy. When I reached her hole, I pressed the tip of my index finger into her. I got no farther than half an inch into that hot little tightness when Abby came.

And holy hell did she cum. Her whole body went rigid as steel, but it lasted only a second as her legs began to shake and then her whole body started to quake. Thrashing back and forth in the bed she let out a high hoarse moan and then let out a string of whimpers and gasps as her orgasm rocked her.

She nearly knocked me off the bed with her shaking, but I held on until her body began to calm. Abby's eyes were tightly shut as I looked up from her still quivering body to her face. Her pale skin had gone a dark red color to match her hair. Letting out a pent-up breath she exhaled slowly and her original color returned. She opened her eyes. Those green emerald eyes were full of lust and desire as she looked me up and down. I was down to just my briefs. She smiled at the tent pole in my underwear and beckoned me forward with a single finger curling towards her.

I knew I should ask about condoms or birth control, but I was so far past any of those practical concerns that I just yanked the last of my clothing off and pulled myself on top of her. We twisted and shifted in bed until she found a point where she was comfortable. Then I could lay between those smooth pale white legs, my dick rock hard as it pressed on the soft skin of her inside thigh. I balanced on my hands as I gazed down at Abby and a crooked smile grew on her rosy lips. "I should have done this sooner if I knew you were available."

As much as I wanted to say something suave and charming all I really managed was an awkward, "You're welcome."

But Abby didn't mind at all. She only gave me a heartwarming smile and spread her legs enough to let me press forward. I lowered myself into her slowly. My dick pressed into her soft wet tunnel and we both let out groan of satisfaction. She was tight, but not extremely. She certainly wasn't a virgin and I slowly sank into her until I was into the hilt. It felt glorious. Every little move Abby made sent tremors through her pussy to my stiff cock.

I made few gentle strokes in and out of her and I thought I was going to cum right then and there. Abby's face was right under mine, her eyes half closed and her lips parted as she softly whimpered. I really had no idea what type of relationship this woman wanted from this very strange booty call. But this was undoubtedly some of the best sex I had ever had. I leaned in and kissed those red lips of hers. Her mouth opened, partly in surprise, partly in desire. For a few seconds, she roughly kissed me back, our tongues twirling around each other. I pushed into her deeply and her body began to tremble.

But suddenly Abby was pushing back against me with her hands. She twisted away from our shared kiss with a frustrated groan. "No..." she cried "You'll make me Bond ... I can't..." I froze, not understanding what had happened or her words. Abby looked back up at me and tried to smile. "Can't we just fuck? Please, just fuck me. I don't need all the head games if you push me to Bond with you."

The small voice in the back of my head that said this was all really damn weird jumped to the front of the line. That gorgeous red-heads just didn't pop into existence and want to have sex with me. It was some rule of the universe and I was going to get into a lot of trouble if I broke it. That voice warred with the larger part of me who wanted to continue on with dear Abby. The logical and smarter part of my brain won out and I resolved to ask Abby what she meant -- after we were done.

"I'm sorry," I said apologetically. "I just got carried away."

Abby took my apology well as she brought her legs up and wrapped them around my back. This new position let me press up against her pubic bone as I thrust again into her. After several deep thrusts we were both moaning with passion, my earlier blunder forgotten.

I pushed back with my hands on the bed and Abby met my strokes with thrusts of her own. We were both quickly reaching the point of no return. I wasn't some highly skilled lover, but I managed to get a steady rhythm of pressing on the hood of her clit with my body as I drove in and out of her. I could feel her body tighten each time I stroked the top of her vagina.

I must have hit the sweet spot just right because Abby began to stiffen and let out the same hoarse moan when she last came. I held there and began to make tight thrusts in and out of her, all the while relentless stimulating the taut little tip of her clit. In four short strokes, she started cumming. I kept at it and I could feel the interior of her pussy tightening around my cock.

"Ohhh ... Ohhhh ... Ohhhh..." gasped out Abby as her orgasm took over.

I found I was completely unable to stop myself. I kept thrusting as deep as I could and she just kept on cumming. One orgasm led to another and Abby was wildly thrashing about on the bed, I along for the ride.

"MMMMMmmmm ... Ahhhhhh ... Sooo Good!" cried out Abby as her third orgasm sprang from her last.

It was impossible for me to keep this up. The incredible pulsing pleasure riding through her pussy dragged me over and I unloaded a gush of cum deep within her. I let out a deep long cry of my own and Abby shuddered her way to her fourth climax. We both rocked back and forth in the narrow little bed as we continued to cum.

Finally, the spasms of pleasure began to fade away and we collapsed into a heap on the bed. Slowly we went from panting gasps to deep even breaths. We laid there in her bed for a while, just breathing in and out. Some sense of the rest of the world began to intrude and I pulled myself from the post-orgasmic haze I found myself. We were both lying in a pool of our shared perspiration and other ... juices.

"Mmm," purred Abby as she pulled some of the pale peach blanket around us. "That was really nice."

I let out an exhale and said as smoothly as it was possible when you were soaked with sweat and naked, "I try. You were fantastic."

Abby's grin was cordial. "Flattery might get you back into my pants again, Jason." But then she looked away and said in a flat voice. "But I don't like to Bond with someone I just met, okay?" She looked back to me with a measured look on her face.

"Umm, Bond? Bonding?" I asked hesitantly. Still very confused by what she meant or why my kissing her would cause such a thing to happen.

Abby just blew out a breath and then pulled back the blanket. I was treated to her very nice looking back side as she got out of bed. She walked over to the dusty old dresser and pulled some clothes out. I watched her the entire time, enjoying the view of both her back with her tight ass and her lovely front. She gave me a cheeky pose as she began to dress myself. I sighed and reached for my clothes as well. It seemed she didn't want to talk about whatever "Bonding" meant.

"Look," she said earnestly as she pulled on her bra and covered her lovely breasts. "Jason, you seem nice. So ... I mean I'm not looking for anything really serious. If you want to pretend we both didn't nearly Bond together back on the bed then that's okay."

Abby had misinterpreted my question as a denial of the event and I grew even more confused. She didn't have an accent so I didn't think she was foreign with some strange taboo about kissing. Maybe she was from some hick town where fucking your brains out was fine but kissing was a big no-no. Hell, did she think I was proposing or something?

I supposed she was right; this peculiar hook up wasn't mine to criticize. Abby had initiated this little sex session and if she didn't want me to kiss her then that was fine by me. "Yeah, look, its fine," I said as I stood up and began looking for my shoes.

I found them under her bed and pulled them on. Abby was now fully dressed in jeans and a somewhat frumpy old sweater. She appraised me again and said sincerely, "I need to get this paper finished. But when I'm done you should stop by. We can ... talk." Her look implied that we would do a lot more than just talk. Even after all the strangeness I couldn't help but smile at this red-haired beauty.

She led me to the door and after a moment of hesitation she kissed me on the cheek. "Thanks," she said as she opened the door. "I can finally think straight."

"Uhh ... right," I replied as the earlier strangeness came right on back. I walked out the door and she promptly closed it. I stood there feeling a growing unease. Everything since I had woken up today just seemed ... off. And I didn't mean the fantastic sex with Abby.

Turning around, I noticed the door to Abby's dorm room was labeled 225. I looked around quickly, down the hallway and then back. This was Anderson Hall. This was the second floor. Room 225 was my room.

"What the hell is going on!?"