 I don't know how we made it back to Abby's room. We both got a few sly glances as we left the food court hand in hand. Hell, we'd basically been groping each other in full view of everyone. But as I was learning these types of displays weren't uncommon and was basically accepted as normal. Three times on the way back to her room we stopped and I pulled her to me. Our breaths came in ragged pants as we kissed and nibbled at each other. Each time Abby forced me to go on. I would have taken her right on one of the benches on our path if she had let me.

We ran up the flight of stairs to the second floor and then to her room. I was in a parallel Earth with a woman I had only met six hours ago. She was in the biological equivalent of being in heat. Excreting who knows what types of pheromones that had an unknown effect on me. At this point I was just rolling with the insanity.

As we opened the door to her room, she pressed her lovely body against mine. Even through her sweater I could feel how hard Abby's nipples were. I ran my hands down her back and cupped her ass. Abby wriggled against me in the most delicious way possible. We kissed slowly; our mouths open as our tongues caressed each other.

Abby broke our kiss and pulled back. She looked into my eyes and said in a low but clear voice, "Jason, I'm still a little worried...We don't know how this will go for us. If..."

I interrupted her with another kiss. I felt her arms tighten around me. I withdrew from our kiss but still held her close. "If it feels wrong at any part we'll stop."

With a plea in her voice, she asked, "Are you sure?"

I wanted Abby in the worst way. Yes, her incredible intoxicating scent of her desire was very likely manipulating me. Yes, she was in heat like an alley cat. But I wasn't going to force myself on her. If she wanted to quit, I would stop. I would then likely need to take a shower in liquid nitrogen to cool myself down, but I would do it. I told her as much and she sighed happily. We crossed into her room and Abby had pulled her sweater off before I even closed the door. As she undressed, I watched her and I hoped to God she didn't want to stop.

"Jason," said Abby in a mildly annoyed tone as she pulled off her bra, "you are wearing far too many clothes." She unbuttoned her jeans and began to pull them off. I could see her level of arousal, her panties were thoroughly soaked. Seeing that I was watching her undress, Abby stopped and said pointedly, "Mister, I'm not taking any more clothes off until you undress."

"Yes, ma'am," I said firmly as I pulled off my t-shirt. I sat down on the edge of Abby's bed and began to remove my shoes and socks. I was just about ready to start on my pants when a knock came at Abby's door. I froze in an instant with my hands on the button on my fly and shot a look over to Abby. She was also in the last stages of undress, her hands hooked on the elastic band of her very damp panties.

There was an audible snap when Abby let go of her underwear. With more than a little annoyance in her voice she asked, "Yes? Who is it?"

"It's Cindy," announced the voice from the other side. "Abby girl, we need to talk."

"Just a sec," replied Abby with an exasperated sigh. She picked up her discarded shirt and pulled it back on. Beyond that, she didn't try to redress. The sweater covered her top up but left her slender milky white legs exposed. I stopped attempting to remove my pants and bent down to retrieve my shirt. I wasn't sure how my presence would be taken by Cindy or anyone else on this floor.

Abby opened up her door just a crack and leaned in, apparently with the intention of keeping some privacy between herself and Cindy. This was not Cindy's plan, because before Abby had the door even half an inch open, Cindy was already pushing on the door from her side. Abby really didn't put up much of a fight with her on the door. She only let out a tired groan and then let Cindy through. Only when the small blond woman with a pixie haircut was through the doorway into the dorm did Abby push the door close. She then leaned against the door in an apparent attempt to signify no one else was entering.

The woman, who I assumed was Cindy, studied me with a steady smirk on her face. With my state of undress I had a feeling I was being appraised like a butcher studying a side of beef, looking for the choice cuts of meat. More than a little irritated at being interrupted I returned the examination. Cindy's body was easy to examine as well, her tight fitting jeans and white turtleneck sweater hugged every inch of her body. She was short, her legs not the long, graceful kind like Abby's. Her legs and body were more compact and muscular. But she wasn't thickset or fat by any means. She had a district curviness to her body and her breast large, bigger than Abby's. Cindy might not quite be a Playboy centerfold, but was still cute in a very alluring way.

"Well, well," said Cindy haughtily when she was done looking me over and turned back to Abby. Her smirk hadn't wavered for a second. "It's about time you found yourself someone to help you through the rough patches."

Abby's shoulders slumped, and she looked like she was going to slide down the door in defeat. "Cindy...Now isn't the best time."

Cindy's knowing grin finally dropped a little, and she said in a more sympathetic tone, "I know Abby, I'll let you two get back to things."

"But," she began and then stopped as she drew closer to me, "I had to meet the fella that made my friend moan loud enough to hear down the hallway." Her friendly leering smile was back. "It's been a while since she'd done that."

From the corner of my eye, I could see Abby flush red as a tomato. "My name's Jason," I said a little awkwardly as she hovered above me while I remained sitting on the bed.

"Hi, Jason," said Cindy cheerfully as she leaned in and kissed me.

I was so surprised by her forwardness that I stiffened as our lips meet. It was not a deep kiss, not like the kisses Abby and I had just exchanged. But it was much more than a friendly peck on the lips. Cindy lingered with her kiss and then pulled away. She took a deep inhaling breath while her eyes fluttered close. Looking like she was savoring a pleasant smell she leaned back and opened her eyes.

"Cindy!" snapped Abby. She had pulled herself up from the door and in the tiny room covered the distance to her friend. Cindy didn't pay her any attention and instead plopped herself down next to me in bed. She gave me another appraising look, but this time it wasn't the same self-satisfied leer. It was a more curious and a slightly confused look.

"Hmm," said Cindy as she evaluated me. "You're different...But you must be doing something right."

Shooting daggers at Cindy with her eyes, Abby shoved in between us on the bed. There wasn't much room on the bed for the three of us. I and Abby ended up pressed close together while Cindy was forced to re-seat herself at the end of the narrow bed. But I wasn't complaining, as being close to Abby was exactly what my body was demanding to do.

"Cindy, don't be so rude," snapped Abby she continued to glare at her friend.

For her part, Cindy just smiled and shook her head at Abby. "Hon, I'm just looking out for you." She gave me another inquisitive look and asked, "Where are you from Jason?"

I wasn't sure how to answer that question. I was beginning to think it might not be the best idea to advertise my theory of alternative universes to just anyone. Apparently Abby thought the same thing for she responded before I could open my mount.

"He's visiting from out of town," replied Abby coolly.

"Ah," replied Cindy as she stole another curious look my way, "An old friend of Abby's?"

"Yeah, basically," I responded after figuring Abby's lie was the best cover story I had right now.

"You've been holding out on me, Abby," said Cindy giving her friend a meaningful look that caused Abby to blush again. Cindy then launched into several more questions for Abby on how I was in bed and some of my techniques. I did my best not to gape at the blond with my mouth hanging open. I had no idea how to gauge Cindy or her brazen attitude. I decided I would just chalk it up to the strangeness of this world.

With Abby's bare legs pressed close to me, I could feel her fidget from Cindy's questions. Apparently she was also a bit uncomfortable with her friend's questions. Finally, she interrupted Cindy's interrogation with a pleading gesture. "Cindy, please can we talk about this later?"

Cindy just shook her head again with a tired sigh. "Alright, alright, sorry for interrupting," said Cindy apologetically. Abby continued with her sour look and Cindy relented with a slightly bashful apology to me. "And sorry, Jason, for tasting you without your permission."

I wasn't sure how one responded to being tasted without giving one's permission, so I just shrugged it off. The blond didn't seem to be bothered by my response. She rose up from the bed and addressed Abby solemnly. "Abby, I'm not complaining. He'll be good for you. I've been saying since you broke it off with Brad you needed to relax and find someone. Just have a good time."

Abby's glowering at her friend faded, and she said with a rueful smile, "Jason sort of fell into my lap today." She gave me a friendly glance and then turned back to Cindy. "It's been an unusual day."

"I'll bet," said Cindy playfully. She gave me one more measured look and said, "Jason, you treat my friend right. You'll find I can be so bitchy when I want to."

Still not quite sure what to make of Cindy I bit back a laugh and said, "I plan to take excellent care of Abby." And then giving her a meaningful look of my own I added, "As soon as you get out of here."

"Oh, okay lover boy," snickered Cindy. Turning to exit the room she said to Abby, "Stop by later, we'll all do dinner or something."

"Sure," replied Abby with the same tired sigh as before.

When Cindy was gone, Abby flopped down on the bed beside me and covered her face with hands. I studied the red haired beauty. Her sweater and ridden up and I could see the smooth fair skin of her stomach. Her black lace underwear was just down enough I could see the edge of those tight little red curls. I sighed as well and lay down next to her.

"So that was Cindy," I said casually.

"Oh Jason, I'm so sorry," replied Abby as she let out a groan. Dropping her hands to her side she gave me a small smile when she saw my sympathetic look on my face. "Cindy can be...a bit much at times." Abby reflected on her friend and then said with a bit of chagrin, "She means well, but she can be a little over-protective."

"She tasted me?" I asked as I laid my hand on her uncovered hip.

"Oh, right...I keep forgetting," said Abby as she closed her eyes as I began to slowly stroke her bare legs. With a small sigh of contentment she answered, "She kissed you to get a taste of your desires...your pheromones."

"Which I don't produce," I replied as I tried to fathom what Cindy would be able to learn from picking up on my nonexistent pheromones. I continued running my hand up and down her legs as I worked towards her lovely round bottom.

Abby opened her eyes and pulled herself closer. She laid her head on my bare shoulder and said with a smile in her voice, "You certainly produce something. I don't know what it is exactly...but it does get me worked up very quickly."

While I was very willing to get back to things with Abby before we were rudely interrupted, I did want to understand what Cindy was attempting to do by kissing me. "What exactly does 'tasting' do?"

Abby paused, and I could see she was trying to think how to explain the concept to me. She shivered as I caressed her thigh. I stopped rubbing her legs as I could tell it was distracting her. She pulled her head from my shoulder and plopped over onto her pillow. After staring at the ceiling for a moment, she began to describe the process.

"Okay, think of it like this. When we, and by we I mean people of this Earth, kiss we're exchanging a set of pheromones that's kind of like a handshake. It's a way to tell if two people are compatible with each other."

I frowned at this comment, "Compatible?"

"Biologically speaking," replied Abby. "It means both partners are ready for copulating and possible become a Bond mate. It's a very complicated biochemical process that we still don't understand completely."

"So Cindy wanted to have sex with me?" I asked more than a little confused.

Abby sighed again and gave me a bemused look. "No, she wanted to see how good of a fit you would be for me." With a shake of her head she continued on with a hint of indignation in her voice. "She was very forward, people don't just don't go running around and tasting each other without permission."

I felt myself inwardly cringe, and I asked hesitantly, "Kind of like when I kissed you the first time?"

Abby's smile was congenial. "Yes, that was a bit presumptuous of you." She traced a loose pattern on my chest with her hand and added, "But I know you didn't understand what it meant."

I returned to running my hand lightly down Abby's legs. Tasting, Bonding, pheromones, all of it was just so strange. Leaning in closer to Abby I left a series of kisses along her neck, and she let out a little moan. We were both quickly getting over Cindy's interruption.

Before we got lost in too much lust, I managed to ask another question. "Abby, what does all this feel like to you?"

Abby didn't answer right away. Instead, her hand slid down my stomach, marching inevitably towards the bulge in my pants. My jeans were becoming far too constricting, and Abby apparently wanted to correct that problem. Unbuttoning my fly she then played with my zipper for a second before managing to pull it down. Her hand immediately went for my cock that was rapidly stiffening under her attention. Now it was my turn to shiver.

"It's hard to explain," said Abby as she stroked my cock slowly. "I guess I've never thought about how to describe to someone who doesn't pick up the pheromones." She paused in thought but continued to lovingly stroke my hard-on. My muscles in my stomach tightened as she worked. Giving me a playful smile as she saw her effect she continued her explanation. "It's like smelling something fragrant and floral. But everyone's scent is a little different and everyone's reaction to the aroma is varied.

Restraining a groan at Abby's touch, I managed to say, "Sort of like people liking the smell of roses over say lilacs."

"Kind of," replied Abby, "but it's a lot more subtle, it works almost on a subconscious level...." She trailed off as I brought my hand up from her shapely legs and began to trace the outer contours of her labia through her panties.

"Turnabout is fair play," I said with a grin of my own. Her panties' growing dampness highlighted my effect as I gently stroked her. Abby countered by running the edge of her finger of the very tip of my dick. My skin went gooseflesh at her feather light touch on my most sensitive of glands. With a little yelp I then said, "And...I'm...different?

"With...you..." stammered Abby as I ran my finger along the spot where her clit was hidden by her underwear. "With you...It's like my scent is reflected back at me. The stronger my desires grow...the stronger it's echoed back to me." She was panting now as my strokes grew bolder.

"...L...l...longer I'mmm...around you...the more." She let out a moan as I moved my index finger under her panties and began to stroke her pussy directly. Her hand came away from caressing my dick and reached up to pull herself to me.

"...I want you," she succeeded in panting out just before our lips met. Our mouths opened, and our tongues wrestled with each other as our kiss deepened. The little conversation on the nuances of tasting and pheromones was at an end and our bodies took over. We quickly shed our remaining clothing as I pulled off her soaking wet panties and Abby yanking off my jeans faster than I thought possible. She quickly discarded her sweater as I pulled off my underwear. Soon it was just the incredible feeling of her skin on mine as our hands seemed to stroke and caress every inch of each other's bodies.

Abby let out a muffled squeal as I kissed a spot on her neck right below her ear, and then whispered into my ear. "Jason, I need you in me..." I smiled to myself but continued kissing past her neck and down her chest towards the swell of her breast. "Please..." begged Abby but cut off as my mouth closed around her right breast's pert pink nipple. With a kiss and a gentle suckle of my mouth, I could feel her nipple stiffen and grow longer.

"Ohhhhhh!" wailed Abby as I sucked on her tit, and I felt a strong shudder run through her body. Her hips began to buck up and down pressing against my abdomen as she sought my dick. Her jostling caused me to nip her nipple with my teeth, and she went rigid as a board. She was cumming! Her whole body shook, and I wrapped my arms around Abby to keep her steady as her orgasm washed over her.

When she calmed I let go of her, expecting her to need a few moments to recover. But when I pulled away I saw Abby was in a near frenzy. Her pale skin now was deeply flushed while her eyes were wild with lust and desire. She nearly tackled me as she roughly pushed me down on the bed. Straddling my hips she growled out, "I said I need you in me!"

Abby was not interested in anymore foreplay, without any hesitation she took my rock hard cock in her hand and began sliding it back and forth on her very wet slit. She only had to do this twice before it became coated with her juices. Her fiery scent was coming off her in waves, and this fantastic feeling of my dick being caressed by her pussy lips had my eyes rolling back in my head.

Then Abby gave me a truly breathtaking smile and slowly lowered herself onto my erection. She didn't pause for even a second as she took me into her, and she let out a small satisfied groan when I was all the way into her. I think I let out something unintelligible as well as I felt myself enter her sopping wet hole. She was so hot and wet that even as her muscles in her cunt tighten around my dick I could still thrust in and out of her with my hips.

I did this a few times and Abby let out another hoarse moan of please as her body rocked through an orgasm. With her eyes closed she let out another delightful cry as it ended. Watching her naked body move above me, with her taut breasts swaying, and soft snow white skin becoming slick with sweat I was struck by her beauty. I had never been with anyone as sensual or as sexy as this wonderful woman.

"Abby you are most magnificent woman I've ever met," I breathed as we started slowly rocking again.

Abby's eyes snapped open, and I could swear they had gone from a light emerald color to a darkened deep forest-green. She searched my face carefully and then let out tremulous breath and said in a whisper, "It's time."

I was sure I knew what she meant. This time she did want to Bond. I wasn't sure what exactly that would mean for me but at this point I would do anything for this woman. I just nodded and watched as she began running a finger through the nest of red curls atop her pussy. She stroked the hood of her clit a few times, and I could feel a tremor run through her body as she did. Squeezing her thighs tight and leaning forward, I felt her hand trace the base of my cock. The interior contours of her vagina tightened around me, and I gave an involuntary twitch. I was nearly ready to explode.

Abby saw the expression on my face and said with a smile, "Not yet, Jason." She reached forward with her hand that had fondled me, coated with her sweet honey. I didn't hesitate at all as she pressed her two dampest fingers against my lips. I licked and suckled away as I tasted her spicy flavor. It was even stronger than when I went down on her the first time. Abby let out a burst of giggles as I tickled her fingers with my tongue.
