 "You sure about this?" I asked Abby as I stood outside the doorway.

From inside the washroom I heard Abby's reply. "That you need a shower? Yes, Jason, you're a stinky sweaty mess." I could practically feel her amused smile.

"Gee, thanks," I replied drolly as I once again scanned the dorm's hallway. No one was about, it seemed everyone on the floor was out for the night. But I was feeling more than a little self-conscious and I restlessly searched for anyone who might be listening to me and Abby.

There was a rustling from inside the bathroom, I knew from the sound Abby was undressing. I could feel the effects of the Bond beginning to pull my attention away from other concerns. I stopped looking for possible interfering busybodies and refocusing on my cute red head's body. Her voice replied as she stripped, "Well I'm not any better. We both need a shower."

She was right, of course. After today's 'activities,' both Abby and I were quite messy from a combination of dried sweat and other bodily fluids. Since I was without any of my toiletries, I would have to make do with Abby's shampoo and soaps. This had lead Abby to suggest we could save time and shower together before we went in search of some dinner. She had said this while languidly stretched out naked on her bed and I, of course, thought this was a fantastic idea.

But now as I stood outside the door to the showers I was having some second thoughts. Shower sex sounded nice in theory, but even on this world the dorms frowned on the practice. Earlier in the day I had been ready stripped Abby down and take her on a park bench. At the time I had been under the effects of Abby's pheromones and frankly was hornier than a porn star on a load of Viagra and Ecstasy. Having spent the better part of the afternoon frolicking with my sweet Abby, I was finally thinking a bit straighter and was feeling a little reluctant to try sex in public. I took one more look around the dorm hallway. A couple doors stood open, their occupants either inside or nearby, but no one seemed to be paying me any attention.

"Com'on," came Abby's impatient reply.

I sighed to myself and walked into the women's bathroom. Earlier in the semester Ben Hartford and his girlfriend had been caught in my Earth's version of these bathrooms. Beyond the embarrassment of being caught and ridiculed by every female on the floor, he hadn't suffered much for his transgression. But I wasn't sure how big of a deal it was for me to be here. The attitude towards sex and relationships on this parallel Earth continued to mystify me.

Walking into the tiled room, there were a total of six sinks on the left side and four stalls on the right, pretty close to the way it was in my world. Pass the sinks, the room bent to the left and around the corner, contained two rows of small shower stalls. Each shower alcove separated by a thin partition running from knee height to chest level, providing a modest amount of privacy. I found Abby standing near the entrance to the showers, stripped down to her underwear, rummaging through a bag of various bottles and bodily hygiene products.

Looking up from her pack, Abby noticed my unease. "Jason, I don't understand why you're worried. I think we've seen each other nude quite a lot today." She paused with a small frown as she considered for a moment. "Is this some type of hang up on your world? Two people showering together?"

"No, it's not that," I replied as I pulled my shirt off. I began to unbuckle my belt as I explained. "You said sex in the dorm rooms was acceptable, but in public it was looked down upon. I just didn't want to get us into trouble."

"You know, Jason," said Abby a wry smile on her face, "we don't have to fuck in the shower. We can just clean ourselves like two mature adults."

I felt my face grow red from her comment. Perhaps I had read a bit much into Abby's suggestion. But we had been having sex at the drop of a hat, any hat, so I felt justified in my assumption. I took in the sight of Abby's porcelain white skin and her bare gracefully long legs. As I eyed her, I could feel the heat between us grow again. "What are the chances of that not happening?" I asked in a low murmur.

"Well," replied Abby as she glanced around the empty showers, "While I'm not entirely opposed to the idea, sex in the shower really isn't that practical or comfortable." I wondered briefly if she spoke from experience. Abby's eyes lowered and she ran her hand over the spot between her navel and the top of her panties. She spoke with a hint of awkwardness in her voice, "Besides I kind of need a break. I'm a little sore...down there."

I felt a growing annoyance with myself for continuing to press Abby for sex. We had done more this afternoon than I had with any other woman. I hung my head and said apologetically, "Abby, I'm sorry, I didn't realize."

Apparently Abby was feeling generous for she replied to my apology with a laugh. "Jason, at risk of inflating your male ego you're a very...umm...enthusiastic partner."

For a moment, I wasn't sure how to respond to Abby's comment. I felt my cheeks warm as I said quietly, "Uh, thanks."

Abby stepped closer to me, and I could see her eyes flutter as she looked over my bare chest. I never considered myself to be some prime male specimen, but I was reasonably fit. I was not overweight, and my teenaged acne had given away to decent complexion. But I had never turned heads when I entered a room so I was still not used to the way Abby would gaze adoringly at me. Like before we both felt an inevitable pull driving us together.

Stroking my face softly with her hand, Abby said, "Jason, were Bonded. For the next few days we'll be naturally drawn to each other." She grinned playfully as spoke, "We'll want to and will have sex many times. But we're not going to be some mindless rutting animals."

"Aww, you say that like it's a bad thing," I replied with a grin of my own.

Abby rolled her eyes, but her playful expression remained. "Alright, man from beyond the stars, get naked and let's get clean." She pulled off her remaining undergarments and stepped into the nearest stall. I stared at her bare backside as she worked the controls of the shower. Her figure was smooth and shapely from her neck down to her tight little behind. Only a few dark birthmarks stood out on her nearly flawless pale skin.

My gaze lingered on her bare body and after a few moments she noticed me staring. Her head turned and she asked, "What?"

"You're gorgeous," I whispered.

Abby turned back in the shower while her white skin began to shade a diffuse red color at my stare. The shower head started with a sound of a short clank and a second later water sprayed out over the stunning beauty.

As the water worked to dampen her red hair, she spoke so softly I could barely hear over the running water. "You really mean that, don't you?"

From the tone of her voice, I could tell Abby couldn't quite seem to make herself believe me. Again I couldn't see why Abby would be so disapproving of her appearance. "Yes, Abby. I really think you're beautiful. Why don't you think so?"

She turned around in the shower I got a full view of her front side. Her wet well-rounded breasts stood out on her chest. The patch of tight little red curls between her legs was damp from the streamlets of water running down her naked body. Abby stood studying me a few moments before answering. "I guess what passes for beautiful would be different for you."

"What do you mean?" I asked as I worked on removing my belt.

Abby looked down at her arms with a critical eye. "It's my skin."

I looked at her ivory skin, but that didn't make any sense to me. "What's wrong with your skin?"

Abby sighed and began to explain. "We called the sickness the Pale Plague because almost everyone who got sick, had their skin turn a chalky white color before dying. So pale skin became synonymous with being diseased or sickly."

"But you're not sick," I blurted out.

With a newfound bitterness in her voice, Abby replied, "No, but try telling that to a bunch of kids when you're seven and starting a new school. Children that call you infected and don't want to sit near you because even nearly eighty years later we're still terrified of the plague coming back."

I gaped at Abby as I suddenly understood. I pictured a world where someone growing up with Abigail McGillen's skin tone would be shunned and ridiculed by other children and even by some adults. How such mocking would lead her to have a very negative self-image about her body. "Oh Abby, I'm so sorry," I said in a rush.

Giving a weak shrug of her shoulders, Abby watched me silently for a few moments and said softly, "Jason, It's not your fault. I've got on with my life and don't worry about what others think."

I held her gaze for a few seconds more and then turned back to stripping down the remained of my clothes. Folding my clothes I lay them next to Abby's and stepped into her shower stall. The stall was barely large enough for one person, let alone two, and there was less than an inch between us.

Blinking in surprise at my closeness, Abby looked at me and then the rest of the empty shower stalls. "Really, Jason? All the other stalls weren't any good?"

Now I shrugged and replied directly, "None of the other showers have you." Abby's eyes widened as they wandered over my body. "You said we can just shower like adults, right?" I added playfully as the continuing stream of hot water began to turn the air misty.

She just gave me an exasperated look in reply, but it was still good natured. Turning her back to me, she leaned into the spray of water to give me more room in the shower. We took turns switching positions in the shower so we were both fully covered. Soon we were both sopping wet under our shared shower.

The plumbing in my Anderson Hall had been fitted in somewhere around the 1960s and hadn't seen much in the way of an upgrade since then. Showers were often either way too hot or far too cold. It seemed this version was largely the same. As we both showered, I could feel the temperature of the water move from a pleasant heat to nearly scalding on its own. I had to lean myself away from the steaming hot water before I boiled my skin off.

"Too hot for you?" asked Abby as she took the position under the blistering hot downpour.

"Just a bit," I answered as felt my skin cool down to a more manageable level in the still steamy air.

As close as she was Abby was beginning to become hazy in the increasingly foggy showers. Turning in the stall towards me, I enjoyed seeing the soapy suds on the swell of her breasts. "I love it like this," she said as she gracefully pivoted her body around in the spray of the shower. "The hot water beating on my skin, running down my body, while the air is hot and humid."

Even after the afternoon of sex with Abby I could feel myself stirring as I watched in her move in the shower. Being this close to her was intoxicating even if she had been fully clothed and doing nothing more mundane than reading a book. I was beginning to wonder how anyone in this world got anything done when they were in the thrall of one of these Bonds.

Abby rinsed the last of the shampoo from her auburn locks and opened her eyes as soap washed from her body. Seeing my aroused state she gave me a knowing grin. "Down boy."

I leaned into her, enduring her scalding hot shower water, and gave her a kiss. "Sorry, hon, you have this effect on me."

She surprised me as she returned the kiss. I thought she might be annoyed with my antics about sharing the shower, but it seemed Abby was enjoying our bathing arrangements as much as I was. Pressing up against her naked body I wrapped my arms around her waist while she encircled her arms around my neck.

Our mouths slipped open as we kissed and our tongues found each other with easy. It was that old natural rhythm we had established back in Abby's dorm and both our bodies gave in without a fight. I pressed in against Abby and pinned her to the wall of the shower with my body.

The kiss ended as a ragged moan escaped Abby and her arms tightened around me. I lifted her left leg and she wrapped it around my thigh, drawing me even tighter against her. My cock pressed against her outer labia and my nostrils flared as Abby's spicy scent hit me like a tidal wave.

"I want you," I growled.

Abby made a weak, pitiful noise in the back of her throat. Her voice a mix of intense desire and pain. "Please make it fast..."

I suddenly felt like the biggest asshole on the planet, hers or mine. With a concerted effort, I pulled away from Abby and stepped out of the shower alcove. She had told me she was sore from our repeated fucking and here I was forcing myself on her. I took two deep breaths to steady myself and look back to see Abby staring at me in surprise.

"Abby," I choked out, "I'm sorry. You said you weren't up to another round. That you needed a break. I shouldn't have done that."

Taking a couple deep breaths of her own Abby finally replied. "I'm surprised you could stop, Jason. Believe me I wanted to go, even if it did hurt."

"Jesus, those pheromones of yours really have a way taking control," I spat out as felt my body begin to cool down.

Abby nodded with a tired smile. "Trust me, I know. As much as they can be a lot of fun, it can be a real pain in the ass. Wanting to fuck all afternoon sounds good in theory, but the reality has some unforeseen consequences."

"Sorry," I said what felt like the tenth time.

"Don't be," responded Abby as she cleaned the last of the soap from her body. "I understand this is your first Bond and you're a little over eager."

I checked myself, still partially covered with soap and then looked to a nearby empty shower stall. "Maybe I should just finish in the next booth."

"Now what type of Bond mate would I be if I left my partner running around with one of those," said Abby as she pointed to my still stiff erection. The sly grin was back on her face.

"Oh, just what is your solution?" I asked as I inched back towards the occupied shower.

"Come here and see," said Abby as she beckoned me forward with a curling finger towards her nude body.

As I reentered the little alcove, the spray of water hit me in my chest. It wasn't as scalding hot as before, Abby must have lowered the temperature. Abby crossed her legs as she sat down on the floor of the shower. She looked up at me with a devilish grin and then gently, but firmly wrapped her hand around my swollen gland.

I admit I was hoping this was the 'solution' Abby was planning. But even I was unprepared when she leaned forward and tentatively opened her mouth. She took only the head of my cock into her mouth, but the jolt of pleasure I felt had me grabbing the shower's partition walls to steady myself.

Abby's tongue smoothly slipped around the head of my cock and then with a little pressure she let it swirl around the underside. She repeated the process, all the while providing a steady level of suction. I was letting out a steady stream of groans and gasps as she relaxed her mouth and let my dick slip out of her mouth.

From her sitting position bellow me she looked up and purred, "You like?"

"Oh God, yes!" I exclaimed.

Abby's devilish grin reappeared for a second time, only to disappear as she opened her mouth to take my cock. This time she pulled in more than just the head, sucking in a fair portion of my shaft. Another groan of pleasure escaped my lips as she began to bob her head slowly back and forth. All the while running her wickedly soft tongue up and down my dick. It was glorious.

My legs felt like they were going to fold and I had to keep hold of the shower's wall to remain standing as Abby worked away on me. Her pace was steadily increasing and I felt another moan escaping my throat. The sight of Abby sitting with her wet red mane plastered to her nude body, giving me a fantastic blowjob was too much. I shut my eyes tight, try to ward off this exquisite image and the building pressure in my testicles.

I'm not sure just how long we went on like this, Abby sucking away, and I fighting to keep myself standing and not explode in her mouth. But suddenly I heard a quiet gasp and then a muffled squeal. It wasn't from me and I was pretty sure it wasn't from Abby. My eyes shot open and looked around. The air in the room was misty and made the rest of the room indistinct, but I could just see another person in a nearby shower stall.

I would have cried out, startled by our mystery guest, if not for Abby giving me an especially hard slurp with her tongue at the same time. My cry of alarm instead came as higher pitched "Heyahhhh..."

The person at the other shower turned towards us and let out a snicker. I could see now our intruder was a woman. She was grinning at Abby and me as her white teeth stood out in contrast to her light caramel colored skin. She was petite with raven dark hair and I could just make out the dark areola on her modest-sized breasts.

Being this was the women's shower it wasn't so surprising another woman was using it. However, I would have thought the sight of an unknown guy getting sucked off by one of the dorm's residents would have raised a few red flags. But she seemed fine with our activities.

I soon realized she was more than fine with what we were doing. She was apparently watching us, her back pressed against the shower head's wall, her darks eyes turned towards me. From where I was standing I couldn't see all of her, part of her half high walls obscured my view. But I could see her legs were astride while her right hand was busy moving rhythmically on her shaved muff.

At realizing our guest was busy masturbating as she watched us, I let out another moan and felt my cock twitch in Abby's mouth. From her spot on the floor there was no way for Abby to tell what was happening, but she must have taken my spams as a good sign for she increased her tempo. In the steam filled room, I could tell our watching friend smiled wider and then increased the pace of her hand.

Only a jumble of thoughts bounced around my head as I was quickly reaching the point of no return. A brief thought entered my head, when I first met Abby today she had just returned from the showers. How she had just gotten herself off in these very showers.

I was suddenly struck by a vision of my Abby showering here with her own legs spread as she thrust her fingers into her tight snatch, working herself to orgasm. The image has too much for me and the muscles in my groin began to tighten. I managed a half-strangled warning to Abby when I erupted in her mouth.

The first spurt of my cum went down Abby's throat. She managed to pull away with a gagging cough as another, larger, spurt burst from dick. It caught her on the chin, a big splat of my seed running down her neck and to her breasts. I managed out two more spurts while letting out a bellowing groan. I don't think I had ever had an orgasm that strong before. My grip on the shower walls finally failed me and I slid down in a heap next to Abby.

Abby coughed a few more times and then cupped her hand under the falling water. Using her collected water she washed her mouth out. Looking a little sheepish, she stuttered, "I've...uhh...Never done something like that before. I wasn't expecting..." She trailed off, her eyes distant.

"You...you could...have fooled me," I breathed out as I sat catching my breath. "You were amazing." I took her hands in mine and gently squeezed them.

She leaned forward and her lips brushed mine. I could still make out the salty taste of my semen on her lips. "Glad I could help," Abby said as a broad smile grew on her face.

"We've got company," I whispered back to her. Her eye's widened and she scooted around. From on the floor we could only see the shower's other occupant's lower legs. Both tan legs were still spread wide. As I watched, I could see her legs were just beginning to quiver.
