 Still chuckling to myself as I read the daily announcement sheets. The sight of Val stumbling over herself trying to pick up her cloths as she scampered out this morning crossed my mind again. I shake my head. I can't be sure if she is going to want to try that again or find a less intense partner. If it's the latter, I should give Strike the nod.

"Room service." Oasis says carrying a tray with coffee and sweet rolls.

"Did she say anything to you on her way out this morning?" I ask her.

"I am impressed she could still walk. Speech may have been a little too complex a task." Oasis giggles.

"Where did the others run off to? Did they tell you?" I ask.

"The island. Nix is stopping to see family, but heading to the island after that as well." Oasis says.

"Well that leaves what to do about me, doesn't it?" I ask myself.

I pull down spells books and catch up on some neglected study. Head over to Downers for lunch to get an ear full from Rogue. The rumors run wildly despite Val's discretion. By dinner time she just admits publicly that she spent the evening with me. And just like that the chatter stopped, much to her surprise. For someone as smart as she is, sometimes she misses the obvious.

Sitting down with a spot of brandy, I try to work out a schedule. I don't even make it through the brandy before abandoning the idea. It was easier when they were doing the chasing. All I had to do was stop running. Now they are waiting and I have to decide. My brain is getting used to the idea that a half-blood like me is so wanted. 

"Hey, jackass." Strike says as he tops the stairs.

"Hey, dip-shit." I reply.

"You want to get out of here?" Strike asks.

"What do you mean?" I ask knocking back the rest of the brandy.

"I got a job." Strike says.

"So you mean out of the Vale." I mutter.

"Yeah. Out of the Vale. You hang around here to long and Valkyrie might expect you to date her." Strike says pulling a chair to the other side of the table.

"I kinda made it clear. I ain't the dating kind." I say flatly.

"So. She is more about public opinion than what we say or think. Have you not been paying attention to what goes on around here." Strike says shaking his head. 

"But the brothel." I try making the accuse.

"Get over it. Scelene has that under control. Val won't go against a mind-eater she owes favors to." Strike says, "Or are there other reasons you don't want to see the outside?"

"My dealings in the country, so far, have been unusual to say the least." I'll admit.

"Yeah, I get that. You married a mermaid. Caroused with a pool on Nixie. Seduced away a half-demon. Hooked a Lord and his wife up with a lady in wanting... Need I go on?" Strike says.

"Where did you hear all that?" I ask staring him down.

"Nix told me." Strike says.

"Why?" I ask in disbelief. 

"I have been her friend for years. She talks to me and I her. I know how to keep a secret unlike other pointed eared residents in this town." Strike says.

"What's the job?" I ask holding off on blaming him or Nix for doing anything wrong.

"Lord Ethneldis of Del' Krourt, I think you know the name, has taken nearly sixty maidens hostage. Guess what he is asking for their return." Strike says.

"Crys and Tempis?" I ask not needed an answer.

"The guilds of the northern province have all been hit by this. The leaders of a few of them sent me word. If an attack to get them out is going to be made, it had to be done by someone outside all of their guilds they could agree upon. Soon as my name came up, all the masters were on board. I have seven days to gather up a small team and get the women out. I'm coming to you for a number of reasons. Not saying protecting your ladies isn't high on your list of concerns." Strike rattles out.

"Look you have my attention. What I haven't heard is what my part is." I ask. "I could go in there and lay waist to the entire city, but that's not the goal here. What do you want from me?" 

"I have two others in mind to help us. I need you to get one of them. He was turned to stone. I know he is alive, but he is in a Dryads glade." Strike says.

"And the other?" I ask.

"She'd follow me into hell. I keep your secrets you keep mine. I won't say anymore about that right now. Look I need to know if you're in. If you're not I am heading out tonight. If you are coming, we'll leave in the morning. I need to get another flying ring." Strike says.

"I'm going. I may have an extra flying ring as well." I say.

"I have two. I need a third for Stone." Strike says.

"Is that his name or code?" I ask.

"Code, but after this I will call him that just so he never lives it down." Strike says.

"There is a story there, you going to share?" I ask.

Strike gives me a grimace, "Not here."

"Fair enough." I say standing up and going over to the ring case. 

"I know you got your fare share of baubles but traveling in the wilds, lighter is better." Strike says. 

"I have done this before. If you can't carry it all day, don't carry it. Right?" I say tossing the ring to him.

"I guess you have." Strike says standing up and checking the ring.

"You said seven days. If you want to head out tonight, give me an hour and we can hit the sky." I say.

"Here I thought you were timid."Strike says.

"Not timid. Just not good at winging it when I don't have a goal." I admit.

"Fine. Don't get crazy on the magic stuff. Don't need you sticking out light a beckon in the dark. I'll be back in an hour. When done is done I'll give you the ring back or pay for it." Strike says heading for the stairs.

I give him a wave and start planing on what I want in my gear. Strike is right, I'll have to limit how much magic I'm carrying. Flight ring is on the list. A book of spells to relearn any I cast during the day. I dig through and find the casters wand. It is the same as a spell book only better. 

It holds a web spell twice, leaving room for six to nine more spells. I think about whats in my head at the moment. I put the missile spells in the wand, all three of them. I grab the other wands and transfer two lightning bolts and two fireballs in to it as well. Leaving only room to catch a low level spell. Not as easy as it sounds with only a one in six chance of it working, and those odds are if the wand wasn't holding spells.

"Oasis." I call downstairs.

"Where you going?" She asks when she sees everything out on the table.

"Strike has a job. He asked me to tag along. We have any potions at the moment?" I ask.

"Three healing and a few other random ones. Not sure what they are." She answers.

"Bring the odd balls and a healing potion. And could you cut me some meat and cheese for the road?" I ask picking up the sling bag with the money pocket.

"What are going to do about armor?" She asks opening the cabinet.

"Enhanced leather... I will cast spells if I am going into anything heavy." I say tapping my temple.

She nods slicing meats and cheeses. "Carry a sword."

"What? Why?" I ask stopping to look at her.

"If you don't it'll give you away as a mage." She says laying meats on to wax paper.

"I don't have a sword." I say looking around.

"You should stop out at the island. There are plenty of extras out there." She suggests.

"Where are we stopping?" Strike asks as he tops the stairs again.

"I'd ask how you got in but why bother." I say.

"I picked the lock." Strike chirps. "No one answered when I knocked."

"Yeah. Let me get my armor on and we'll be ready to go. I need to stop by the island to grab a sword. I don't have any on hand." I say.

"We can grab you one out of the my stash. The island is in the wrong direction." Strike says, "Unless there are other things you need to pick up." 

"I don't think I need anything else. It will keep Cross and the others from trying to jump on the hunting party as well." I admit tying the last of the armor straps.

"Yeah, small team. An army of hot powerful women might give us away." Strike says.

"Oasis, tell them where we went if you don't here from us in, um, eight days, you think?" I ask looking at Strike.

"Sure, tell me where your going." Oasis says.

"Northern Province." Strike says. "Don't ask anything else."

She puts her hands up.

"If you're ready?" Strike asks.

"Lead on." I say.

Once out the back door we are airborne. He doesn't say anything during the first leg of the flight. We land twenty or so miles from the Vale. He pulls a small disc from his pocket. He flips the disc like a coin with his thumb. It sings in the silence of the night. Strikes grabs it out of the air lightning fast. 

The hum of the singing metal hangs in the air. "Nightshade, I'm coming in, plus one."

"That is a different kind of magic." I say.

"It cost quite a bit to have it made." Strike says. "No shut it and follow." 

Rising in the air a few feet, we travel along the ground for a mile. We reach a spike topped wall ten feet tall. Blades and spears jut from the wall like porcupine quills. Strike holds his hands up and rises over the height of the wall. He signals me to do the same. 

"You're an ass." An accented female voice says.

"Sorry, honey. But he can bring your brother home as something other than a statue." Strike says.

"Honey?" I ask.

"Funny. What else have you been saying?" She asks.

"Nameless, this is Vorpal Stilette. My wife. Honey, this is Nameless. The Nameless." Strike introduces.

"Fine, both of you may enter." She says. 

Strike puts his hands down and floats forward. I follow. Once over the wall I see the garden of carnivorous plants. A rather vicious breed that will only answer to a single tender. Strike's wife is turning into one interesting cookie. She is also quite stunning. Slender, porcelain features, an etheric beauty. Strike grunts. 

"You think to warn him, dear?" She asks.

"Yes, the two of you could possible kill each other." Strike says.

"Am I missing something?" I ask very confused.

"What do you need Strike?" She asks.

"You and your brother with us when we raid Lord Ethneldis Keep." Strike says.

"I'll get my gear. You got another one of those rings? You know I can't walk out of here." She says turning away from them.

"What's that about?" I ask not really expecting an answer.

"Ethneldis stole part of her soul. That's why she can't leave here for long periods of time." Strike starts, "Stilla was part of an elven guild. She was sent to retrieve an item stolen from a dark sect. Something else you might find of interest. It was a stone said to have belonged to House Lexus." 

"I take it Nix didn't leave much out of her talks." I say facepalming.

"If she had a secret to keep for you, she kept it. Asking about the nature of House Lexus and the troubles dealing with them could cause you. That she did out of her concern for you. I have never seen her so earnest in regards to a male before." Strike says.

"So my holding Lordship of House Lexus?" I asks.

A blur and blade at my throat in Stilla's hand are there before Strike can even answer. 

"Killing him won't help you. As Lord of Lexus, he can order the devil Omneu to return your soul." Strike says. "It also make him immune to all the devils spells."

"How do you hold the Lordship of a Demon House?" She hisses in my ear.

"The lead Huntress was tasked to kill me. A Goddess boon trumped the offering made for my life. An altercation in the dark freed the Huntress. She fled the underworld with her sisters. They offered themselves to me rather than be shelved by some other demon house as toys." I say.

"Who's boon do you hold?" she asks.

"Aqua. Lady of the Nine Sea's" I say.

"Let him go Erika." Aqua says.

The knife flies from her hand. Aqua catches it between to fingers. Strike is standing still as a corps. Aqua flips the blade and throws it back. It stops an inch from her skin, hanging in the air. Stilla steps back but the blade follows her, remaining one inch from her skin. 

"Are you going to put that away or let it chase you all night?" Aqua asks. "Hi, Ryktis."

"Evening Lady Aqua." I say in greeting.

"He's the one I'm waiting for?" Stilla asks, "You're kidding? He's a half-blood. I refuse."

"Mortals, so literal. Ryk puts your soul back, your yummy hubby becomes jumpable again. Sometimes I wonder want keeps you mortals from just falling over dead." Aqua says.

"That's a bit harsh, don't you think?" I ask. 

"Maybe. Keep those Huntress of yours in mind when trying to deal with the devil." Aqua says fading away.

"You know her well enough to talk back to her?" Stilla asks.

"You could see that." I answer.

"You can tell me that story over a camp fire." She says strutting back inside completely nude.

"Your wife's nice." I say to Strike.

"She's a psychotic fem-fatal. Think I'd marry anything less?" Strike asks.

"You have a point." I admit.

Stilla finishes dressing and walks over to Strike. She holds her hand out to him and he places her wedding band on her finger. With his magickal sight he sees a band of magic connect the to of the together. He realizes Strike is sharing his soul with her. If he were to die they would both die. 

"The price we pay to stay together." Strike says.

"How long have you been trapped here?" I ask.

"Too long. If you don't get that devil to give me my soul back, I'll kill you." Stilla says staring me down.

"I guess that's a fair deal." I admit.

"Don't go back on that. I'll kill you." Strike says.

"This explains so much." I say.

Once gathered we take to the air to get the last member of our little raiding party. I can't make heads or tails of their conversation. A half dozen times she looks back at me with a weird look. We sit down just outside of a small elven city. Strike points to the north.

"Out there is a the glade of the Dryad. She has a name, only no one that has ever heard it said is still breathing." Strike says,

"And you just wanted me to come along. There better be hazard pay on this job." I say.

"Why do we need him anyway?" Stilla asks.

"I with the Misses on this one." I add.

"A blood relative is needed. If Omneu just hands your soul over and can't or won't put it back in your body. Your bother can, with the ritual I got a few years back." Strike says. "Add to that he knows the Northern Keep better than anyone alive. He rangered there when it was being built."

"Tell me you married him for more than his brains." I say to Stilla.

She giggles, "Yeah, it was the body." 

"Funny, just go in and get her brother. That shouldn't be hard. Just don't take her challenge." Strike says holding his hands out. 

"What? So her brother took her challenge and ended up a statue. What is her challenge?" I ask.

"So far I have heard of three. Get her drunk, get her off, and make her laugh." Strike says.

"Sounds like she wants a good date." I mumble.

"Isn't that one every girl wants?" Stilla says.

"The smart ones. So what's in it for the person? I mean, why take the challenge in the first place?" I ask. 

"Forbidden fruit." Strike says. "It's an ingredient in immortality potion."

"This whole city is here because of her." Stilla says.

"Right." I say.

With that we walk into town. Part of me wants to slap the taste out of Strikes mouth with a brick. But thinking about it, how far would I go for any of the ladies in my harem. To think I married one or more of them. How much further would I go then. I think about this challenge of the dryad again. 

There seems something familiar about it. They walk holding hands like teens in puppy love. It however keeps people from looking at me to closely. Elven sensibility's. Weaving through the crowd we make it to the gates of the dryads grove. Strike waves towards the gate.

"Who the heck am I looking for?" I ask.

"Her, only male. You have been looking at her enough, shouldn't be that hard." Strike says.

"How did I get into this." I mumble to myself and open the get.

The glade is over grown and full of weeds. A dozen statues of men on there backs with their petrified penises pointing at the sky lay littered the ground. I find Stilla's brother among these. I look at him and start to call up my powers. A blade slides along my neck.

"You can't have that one. Take any of the others you wish. That one is mine." I husky elven voice says.

"What can I do to have this one?" I ask.

"You're not Meadir? But you smell Meadir?" She asks stepping back quickly.

"I love a Gorgon. She has given me her gift. As a male I can reverse petrification. If you want the rest of them removed, I will do so. I need this one. What can I get for you to take this one too?" I ask.

"Get rid of the rest before night fall and I will think about it. Touch that one and you won't leave here." She says sliding into the trunk of the oak at the center of the glade.

"How did I know it wasn't going to be easy." I mumble again.

I walk back out of the glade and punch Strike in the stomach. Stilla hits me with a right but I don't even feel it. I just give her a glare. She steps back behind Strike. He coughs a couple of times before standing back up straight.

"What the hell was that for?" He wheezes.

"She won't give him up." I say. 

"What? She hasn't stopped other's from removing challengers before." Strike says.

"Oh, she'll let me empty the entire glade. Just not him." I say.

"What the fuck. Nameless, I didn't know. Hand to the Gods." Strike says stepping back.

"This town is here because of her. Get me someone that can give me names of who is in her glad right now. Elves write everything down. So find someone. I have until sunset. I have never pushed using this power beyond a single person or one statue. If this kills me, think about who is going to hunt you." I rant as I pace in a circle in front of the gate.

"I don't understand." Strike says.

"If I want her brother. I have to clear all the others from her glade then she will talk about what it will take to get her brother. I get why you want him. I would do the same for a woman I love. Something about this bitch pisses me off." I say.

"It's the Gorgon curse." Stilla says.

"What?" Strike and I asks on top of each other.

"Dryad were favored by the Goddess that first cast the curse on them." Stilla says.

"She's as smart as she is beautiful, you're a lucky man Strike." I say. "I am going to need that list and coffee. This is going to get nasty."

"I'll get the list. Honey, could you get our friend some coffee?" Strike asks kissing her cheek.

I sit down on a bench outside the glade. Stilla brings coffee and a selection of small cakes. She stands off to the side watching me. I sip coffee and have a couple of the cakes. Strike comes back with a taller elven man in green robes carrying a cobbled book. Strike gestures at the bench. The Elf takes one look at me sneers before trying to turn and walk away.

"Think I'm a half-blood? Pitiful Elf. Don't even know a Meadir when you meet one. Typical." I play it up to get this arrogant elf's attention. 

"You aren't Meadir. They we're killed of by the Council two hundred years ago." he says.

"Give me a name and location in the glade. I bring them out, you stay and tell me what I need to know. I don't you can walk away and I grope around blindly." I say. "I will just walk in the glade and awaken everyone in there. Loose them on this city. They will owe me their lives. Help me and they will owe you their lives. Am I clear in my meaning."

"Tollian Poe, three meters from the gate. Pained expression. Still wearing a cloak and shirt." The Elf says. "Bring him out alive, you have my assistance."

"Poe. Tollian Poe. Don't go far." I say as I stalk into the glade.

I find the statue of Poe and use my anger to make the elf flesh again. Poe chokes and coughs. I grab him by the arm and pull him out of the glade. I am a little less forceful after I am out of the gate.
