 Groggily I opened my eyes to the off-white plaster ceiling of my dorm room. The gray light coming through the bedroom's narrow window let me know it was still before dawn. I blinked a few times to get the sleep out of my eyes. Shifting in bed I found myself surrounded by an oh so soft warmness. It was pleasant and I really did not want wake further. It was very tempting to roll over and go back to sleep. The only thing preventing me from doing just that was Abby and the narrowness of the bed. 

'That's right' I told myself after forcing my brain out of first gear. Bits and pieces of yesterday's events came back to me. Waking on the hard floor very confused. Meeting Abby and having some truly fantastic sex with said red-head. Then our shared realization that I was in some type of alternate Earth. And, of course, reading dad's bizarre email last night. All of it spun through my head, rudely forcing me to complete wakefulness. 

I lay still in the bed as I replayed the memory of dad's confession that he was also from another Earth. Quite possibly from this world. Somehow his revelation still did not feel real to me. As if a part of my mind were simply rejecting all the massive strangeness my life had become. Better to remain with my sexy redhead than deal with something straight out of the Twilight Zone. 

"Mmmm," came a throaty moan near my ear. It sent a shiver of goosebumps down my spine. The room's single bed was a tight fit for two people and my still foggy senses were finally registering that Abby's right arm and leg were draped across my body. That soft warmness I woke to was Abby's body snuggled against mine. 

"Ahh," mumbled out Abby as she rose through layers of sleep. Her eyelids fluttered open and I gazed into those dark emerald eyes of hers. 

As she focused on me, she said in an almost inaudible whisper, "You're still here." 

"I wasn't planning on going anywhere," I whispered back. 

"I thought," her voice drifted for a moment while she shifted on our shared bed. "Maybe you'd disappear back to your home...world, universe, or whatever." 

In truth, I had also wondered if that would happen when I went to bed last night. "Guess not," I replied as I worked my body to give Abby a little more room on the mattress. As I did, my thigh shifted across a damp spot on the bed sheet. At the same time my nose began to twitch as I picked up Abby's cloying scent. 

"Oh," groaned out Abby. I looked back at her to see her face turning red with embarrassment and mild displeasure. She sucked in a breath and exhaled irritably, "I'm such a mess..." 

I pulled up the sheet and looked down the length of the bed. Abby lay on her side in nothing more than a t-shirt and panties. Even in the dull early morning light I could see Abby's inner thighs were slick with her desire and there was a large damp spot on her underwear. 

"Is that...umm because of me?" I asked with a confusing mix of male smugness at Abby's intense arousal and concern for her well being. 

"Most likely," she said with a faint frown. "Half the time being around you makes me feel all quivery inside. Spending the entire night sleeping next to you..." 

"Has gotten you a bit wound up?" I broached. The aroma of Abby pheromones continued to tickle my nose while I felt my heart begin to race. 

Abby nodded slowly. After reading Dad's email last night, we had talked late into the night. Both our minds were spinning with ideas about the shocking contents of his message. Combined with our earlier amorous activities we both ended up falling into an exhausted sleep. Now our proximity to each other seemed to be feeding our previously subdued Bond. 

"I thought last night it had faded some," faltered Abby. She was running her hand along the top of her underwear. Her plain pink panties were soggy with her juices from her sex. Abby's hand seemed poised between ripping off her drenched undergarment or wrapping the bed sheets around her as some sort of shield. 

Quietly, I asked,"If I got out of the room and headed for the showers, would that help?" I was willing to leave, but if I were even remotely honest with myself I really wanted to yank Abby's panties off and suck away on her clit till she was screaming my name. 

Abby's hesitant hand lost the battle and she pushed two fingers under the seam of her pantie's elastic band. A hiss of pleasure escaped her lips as she began to stroke her pussy. Wisps of her fiery aroma came from her body. "Temporary fix," she hummed, "our Bond will ultimately drive us crazy until we...get a release." 

My erection was quickly growing, driven on by my Abby's intoxicating scent. Not to mention the fantastic view of her fingers moving underneath her drenched underwear. Knowing they were sliding in and out of her sopping wet hole caused a throb of excitement to run through my body. All my other concerns were quickly being pushed aside as I watched Abby go. 

"You don't have to do that," I said pointedly at her masturbation. With a cheeky smile, I added, "What type of Bond mate would I be if I let you do all the work?", reminding Abby of her more than pleasant gift last night in the shower. 

Eyes downcast Abby's reply was subdued with ever-rising desire. "It's just...kind of embarrassing to lose control." Her breath hitched and started coming faster as her hand worked. "Even when I was Bonded with Brad it wasn't like this..." 

I sighed to myself. I was the oddball in this world. It seemed while she was in heat and around me, Abby was going to be completely at the mercy of her increased libido. Last night Abby had formed some theories as to how I could affect her so much. And to be honest, she had the exact same effect on me. We were moths to the flame. 

At the risk of throwing gasoline on said flame, I decided my sweet Abby needed my help even if she were not going to ask. I reached out and took hold of her panties. I worked to pull them off even as my lovely redhead continued to thrust her fingers into her pussy. She seemed lost in her own pleasure, her eyes half closed as a faint whine began to build in the back of her throat. With a final yank, I pulled the wet fabric free from her legs. 

Abby's eyes opened and her hand slowed as I laid my head on her flat stomach. Her skin was warm on my cheek. I could feel her pulse racing just under her skin. Arching an auburn eyebrow at me she asked, "And just what are you doing?" 

"I'm going to lick you clean," I said honestly. 

I was rewarded with the sight of Abby visibly gulping, her eyes going wide. "Jason, Y...You don't have to...", she stammered. 

But I was already moving, tilting my head down on her pale skin stomach. I kissed a spot right above her belly button and then began to work my way slowly down, leaving a trail of soft kisses on her skin. By the time I got to her tight red curls of pubic hair, Abby's breathing was coming in hard, unsteady pants. 

Running my hand along her thighs I gently but firmly parted Abby's legs. Moving from her springy fiery muff I started kissing along the inner side of her right thigh. A gasping moan escaped Abby as I worked closer to her drenched, pink as a rose pussy, nibbling and sucking as I went. Just before I reached her outer labia, I switched to her left leg. 

Abby cried out, "Ohhh...don't tease...me..." 

"Just being through," I replied as I began licking her other inner thigh. Upon reaching the spot just before the top of her leg, Abby's whole body was trembling something fierce. 

"Jason...Pleaseeee," came a whimpering groan from the top of the bed. 

I decided I had enough fun at Abby's expense. I moved to her center and down to business. Leaning forward, I drew her lips apart with my hands to get direct access. Her entire vaginal area was incredibly wet with secretions from her pussy. I could practically feel the heat coming from her sodden slit. Her tangy honeyed odor swelled around me. I breathed it all in, heavenly. Then I exhaled, blowing on Abby's burning core and she erupted. 

"Ohhhhh!" let out Abby with a hoarse moan. I was stunned that I was able to get her off with nothing more than my breath on her hot clit. Holding on to her shaking legs I could feel the muscles in her abdomen roll and flex. Her pussy twitched and constricted right in front of me as more of her honey fluid poured out. 

Abby's initial orgasm was short lived and it did nothing to abate her desires. Hands curled tightly into my hair and forced me into her still spasming love box. I had absolutely no problems with her hair pulling and began to suck and lick away. It took me less than a minute to send her into her next orgasm. 

"I...ooooohhhhh...sooooo...goood!" cried out Abby even louder than before. 

No longer able to hold on to my head, Abby's hands were madly clawing at the mattress as her whole body went into a convulsion. I gave her a minute or two to calm down and then dove back in. Running my tongue around her throbbing clit I then slipped a finger into her boiling tunnel. The wet tightness of her pussy wrapped around my exposed digit as I began to rub on the top of her vagina. The soft, spongy spot of her g-spot slipped back and forth on my finger. I could not hold contact for very long as Abby continued to bounce around on the bed. But my work did not go unappreciated. 

"AHHH! OH GOD! OH...FFFFUCK!" screamed Abby as she was launched into another body shaking orgasm. She managed to grab hold of her pillow and shove it into her face. Her frenzy of pleasure went on for more than a minute and I was beginning to wonder just how long she could continue. All the while she wailed into the cushion. But eventually her howls subsided and she lay still on the bed. Abby's t-shirt was damp with sweat and it clung to her bosom, rising and falling as she labored to get hold of her breath. 

On our narrow bed, I was positioned on the end, precariously balanced as Abby had gone through her wild orgasms. Now as she calmed down I moved languidly down the bed so I lay next to her. Running my hands over her hot sweaty skin elicited a soft purr of contentment from Abby. 

Pulling the pillow away revealed Abby's brightly red-hued face. She took a couple of deep gulps of air and opened her eyes. Her emerald eyes blinked back a few tears as she gazed up at me. 

I was right back to where I was the first time Abby and I Bonded, so worked up I could not think straight. All I could smell was Abby's poignant scent. Every breath I took pulled more of it into my body. My blood was burning for the red-haired goddess. Practically ripping off my remaining clothes I was naked before Abby in a few beats of my pounding heart. 

"Jason," whimpered Abby, "I'm in heat..." She was pulling off her t-shirt even as I reached out and began to stroke her body. At my touch, she gasped out, "Take me...Fuck me raw...Please..." 

There was no need for her to tell me. Every cell in my body demanded I bend Abby over the bed and fuck her like the bitch in heat she was. I pulled her to me and her arms wrapped around me like steel. I was ready to thrust away at her like a machine, but that's not what happened. Rather I found myself crossing my legs, Indian-style and then gently positioning Abby's wondrous body above my erection. I had never felt this hard and swear I was longer than I had ever been. Her entrance was so thoroughly soaked that when she thrust down I buried my dick completely inside. 

The sensations were so great that my addled brain could only make thoughts like - "Hot! Wet! Tight!" 

As Abby spread her legs so I could shift my body and push deeper into her, she leaned in and moaned into my ear. "Ohhhh...so deep. God, so good..." 

And then we began to move. It was not wild fucking. We did not pump back and forth in some animalistic rutting. Instead, it was long slow strokes as my arms reached around Abby to pull her to me in a gentle embrace. I could feel her breasts push into my chest, their nipples growing ever harder and longer. Both our bodies so damp with perspiration that we practically slid back and forth effortlessly as we ground together. 

Every inch of me seemed to be in contact with every inch of Abby. Each move we made drove ourselves to an ever higher state of bliss. It did not take long and Abby was brought to another orgasm. Her pussy clenched and throbbed around my cock. A spasm later and Abby soaked my crotch with her juices. 

Her racy scent was perfumed through the air around us as I thrust deep into her and Abby began to shudder again. "Oh, Jason," she sobbed. "Don't stop...please don't stop...I..." 

"Never!" I shouted and my mouth found hers. Our kiss was deep, our tongues licking, sucking, caressing each other. We only stopped when we needed to come up for air. 

By Abby's third peak, I was quickly approaching mine. She was sobbing and laughing at the same time as the orgasm washed through her body. I could not help it any longer and started increasing my pace. Thrusting again and again into her slick hole I could feel my own body begin to tense. Abby must have sensed this as well as she tightened her leg around me. 

"I love this...I loved this..." she chanted. Our eyes locked as we moved. Her green to my blue, both dark with lust. 

"Almost there," I grunted out. 

I felt the muscles deep inside Abby begin to twitch. "Cum inside me, my Jason. I wanna feel it..." 

Then with no warning at all I came. Harder than at any time before with Abby. My hands were on her hips, pulling her back and forth against me. My grip tightened so hard it must have been painful, but any discomfort Abby could have felt was buried under a wall of gluttonous orgasmic bliss. 

Abby let out a long high pitch scream and my voice joined her in a bellow of indescribable electric spasm of joy. We remained clenched together even as our bodies trembled and shook. 

"I love you..." came a weeping whimper from Abby as our gasping breaths lessened. Her eyes were tightly shut and her face was absolutely coated in sweat from our excursion, but I could tell not all of the moisture was from her pores. Tears were leaking out of her shut eyes and running down her cheeks. 

"Abby," I whispered as I got enough control of my body back to gently cup her face. Her eyes opened slowly and more tears came. 

"I can't..." she breathed out. "I can't control it...The Bond's too strong...I can't control myself...I love you Jason..." 

My mind was reeling from Abby's words. I was not in the best state of mind and I answered her declaration of love with an "It's okay." I knew right away it was not an appropriate answer. She stiffened and pulled away from me. Utterly sated, my erection had already softened and Abby broke our physical connection. We sat naked and soaked in sweat across from each other. Abby had repeatedly said that a Bond could be very pleasurable and emotionally satisfying and yet it was not considered love. It was entirely possible her words came out from our shared orgasm. A wild sort of punch-drunk love. However, her words had burned into my brain with startling power. And what we had just performed did not feel like fucking, it felt like making love. 

Reaching across and wiping a few stray tears from Abby's face I tried again. "Abby, I'm sorry, that was a stupid thing to say. This is all really new to me and moving fast. But please don't think I don't care about you." 

A little smile played out on the edges of Abby's lips. Wrapping her arms around herself and drawing her legs in close to her chest she said softly. "Jason I know, but I'm scared. Our Bond just gets stronger...I feel like I'm losing myself to it." 

Trying my best to comfort Abby in this situation I still did not fully comprehend I answered with a weak smile. "But this bond of ours will fade when you go out of heat. Then you'll get control of your emotions." 

Abby was silent for a while and I almost got out of bed to start dressing when she said in nearly a whisper, "What if I don't?" 

She had curled up in a little ball and lay on her side with a sad little frown on her face. I laid back down so our faces were only a few inches apart. "What do you mean?" 

"Jason," she began slowly as she gazed at me. "You're not like any other men I've been with." She shifted slowly in bed to rest her head on her much-abused pillow. "I think if you were an ordinary man from your world who had never been through the change, I would not respond to you at all. I mean, how could I? There would be no pheromones from you for me to interact with." 

I lay still on the bed and just nodded my head in agreement as Abby continued. We had talked about this last night, Abby had theories about why I could sense her pheromones. "But you do exude some sort of pheromone. It's...powerful." She hesitated for a second. "And after what your father's message said, we know he came from here originally." 

"We don't know that for sure. I can't even sure he send it." I lamely replied. I was still having trouble accepting my Dad's revelation. 

With a shake of her head, Abby responded gently but firmly, "Think about it Jason. Your father would have had the genetic change. Most likely your mother was from your world. It makes you a type of hybrid. You would never have noticed it in your world for there are no women who go into heat." 

Letting out a tired sigh I asked, "Okay, so I'm a genetic freak. How does that make you stay in heat?" 

"I don't know," said Abby miserably. "It's not like I'm an expert. But I've read about rare instances where women go into heat and then never stops. Their hormone levels stay at increased levels for the rest of their lives. What if you're producing a different type of pheromone that keeps me in heat?" 

Abby looked so sad and scared I tried to bring a little humor to our talk. With a grin, I joked, "Going through life horny and sex crazed would be so bad?" 

But my humor did not help at all. Abby's face turned into a scowl. "Don't laugh! Think about it, Jason...Of being permanently in heat. Never being able to concentrate on anything other than getting someone, anyone to fuck you. Do you have any idea of the suicide rate for those women!?" 

I was trying my best to cheer Abby up. I had not meant to be serious and she nearly bit my head off. "Fine! Sorry! I didn't mean to turn you into a sex addict." 

Abby flinched at the heat in my words. "It's not your fault Jason. You're not trying to do this me on purpose. But...I need some time." 

Biting back some of my anger I asked, "What do you want me to do?" 

"We need some time apart. Away from each other for a little while. So we have time to...clear our heads I guess," answered Abby. She pushed herself up to a sitting position on the bed. Her irritation with me had already faded, but her lost look of despair remained. It made me feel incredibly sad. 

Taking a few moments to compose herself, Abby grabbed a glass of water off the nearby nightstand. She drank the entire amount in one long swig, she must have been very thirsty. I could not blame her, between the two of us it looked like someone had dumped a bucket full of water on the bed. 

"Look Jason," began Abby, "you wanted to go to the library to do some searching for your dad's family. I have a chemistry lab I need to work on today. How about we stay apart until later this afternoon and see how we both feel?" 

Abby did not present this as a choice, it was much more like an ultimatum. But given my current situation I was hardly in a place to argue. Abby could easily kick me out of her dorm and I would have little ability to stop her. Without a usable ID or money, I would quickly be in serious trouble in this world. 

Stretching and then standing I began to retrieve my rumpled clothes from the floor. Turning back to Abby I nodded solemnly, "Abby, you're right. Let's get cleaned up and give ourselves some space." 
