 I collapsed onto the bed, my head falling into the untidy heap of pillows and blankets. Sucking in air as I struggled to get my racing heart under control. Besides me, Cindy was doing the same. Her breaths coming out in hard pants. It made her ample breasts heave up down in the most enticing way. I looked away, trying to get a hold of myself. I shifted my gaze back to the bed, but all that accomplished was getting a view of the curves of Cindy's legs were her dress had ridden up.

Closing my eyes, I focused on getting myself under control. I was pretty sure Cindy was doing the same. Our minds a confusing mess of astonishment to what should not be possible. The only coherent thought I could make as was, 'Wow! That sure wasn't how I expected it to go.'

---

Cindy had been naturally skeptical of my story. I mean, who wouldn't be? I was basically asking her to believe, with not much proof beyond my iPhone, I was from a parallel time line. However, my father was from this world. And he was caught up in some type of inter-dimensional conflict. Which, apparently, was why I was here. I explained all this to Cindy, starting with how I woke up on the floor of this dorm room. Then meeting Abby and how we quickly realized something very odd was going on. I did not go into a huge amount of detail about our sexual exploits, which did consume most of yesterday. Cindy already knew what was going on and I felt she did not need a play-by-play. Nor did I try to explain Abby's worries about becoming permanently in heat. I had rounded out my summary by showing her the email from my dad on my iPhone and my search in the library.

I had hoped Abby would return while I explained all this to Cindy. The doubtful expression on the blonde's face had only grown more dominant as I ran through my explanation. Abby would have been very helpful it backing my claims up. But my redhead had remained absent and this only added to my worries. She should have been returned from her chem lab.

As I had drawn my account of the last two days to a close, Cindy had then crossed her arms and stared at me silently. Outright incredulity caused her head to shake slowly back and forth. "That has got to be the stupidest thing anyone has ever tried to tell me."

I had slumped back against my makeshift backrest made of pillows. At the time I still felt like reheated dogshit. "Look," I had said with a heavy sigh, "I know it sounds crazy. Hell, it is crazy. But it's also the truth."

Cindy had replied with a sarcastic chuckle. "I'm sure all insane people believe what they say."

"So crazy people just happen to have advanced computer technology that fits in their pocket," I had challenged as I then waved my cell phone in front Cindy.

We had continued to argue back and forth, with Cindy stubbornly not budging. She really had a talent for getting me irritated. Thinking my iPhone was some type of top secret technology she had accused me of stealing it from the military. I countered that military technology does not usually play video games. Finally she had thrown her hands up in the air in exaggerated exasperation. It seemed we both frustrated each other. "How did you ever convince Abby of this nonsense? I mean she can be a little naïve, but even she wouldn't fall for this."

In hindsight, I should have just stopped trying to convince Cindy. Instead, focus on finding Abby and try making my case later. But Cindy's stubbornness had gotten me angry and I was determined to convince her. In my building irritation, I went and blurted out, "When we were together. Abby said I felt different from other men. Made her feel all 'quivery.'"

Cindy's eyes had narrowed in agitated suspicion. "What the hell is that supposed to mean? What did you do to her?"

I had remembered what Cindy had told me when we first met. How she had 'tasted' me. The supposed handshake of exchanging pheromones. I guess the whole process of tasting made a sort of twisted logic when you considered how closely the sense of smell and taste were to each other. I reminded Cindy how she had said I tasted different. Surprisingly, my comment had caused her to blush and then stammer out how she did not know what I was talking about.

"Besides even if you actually do produce some 'super' pheromone shouldn't I react to it?" she had said, trying to prove her point.

"Like I said," I explained with rapidly fading patience, "as far as I can tell my supposed magic only works on women in heat."

"Well, even if your flavor was odd, it doesn't prove your insane story," she had shot back without thinking.

I seized on her apparent admission. "So you admit something is different about me!"

Her face had flushed, tinting in what I had thought was anger. "You do not!" she yelled back.

Believing I had caught Cindy in her own lie, I pushed off from my resting place on the bed. Closing the distance to her, I was eager to prove I was right. At that point, I should have known something was up. Without realizing it, my earlier feelings of nausea had faded away. Enthusiastically I challenged her to repeat her tasting. I wanted to prove I was right. She had let out a little gasp of surprise with my sudden bold move. Then with my lips only inches from hers, she kissed me.

At first, our kiss was merely a repeat of yesterday. Just a simple tasting, at least what I had assumed was normal. But as our lips pressed together it progressed into something...more. Soon it had deepened and I found myself running the tip of my tongue across Cindy's mouth. Her whole body had shivered from my caress and I felt her hands clutch onto me. Her tongue darted in. It was lightning quick, almost as if she was daring herself. But it was not long before we both were Frenching for all we were worth. I could not seem to help myself. A surging fierceness had taken hold of me and I pulled the blonde onto my lap.

Then we were no longer just kissing. We had started pulling and tugging at each other's clothes, both of us caught up in the growing frenzy. Cindy's hands went under my shirt and in one swift motion upward she pulled it free. Her nails raked across my skin while I had a hand snaking up under her skirt. The smooth, soft skin of her legs under my palm.

Cindy's body was all curves and her shorter size had allowed her to fit tidily onto my lap. She lithely curled against me, her bosom pressing into my chest. My hand had then come to rest on the sheer silk of her underwear. I tried to send my hand down lower, to stroke the area around her pussy, but Cindy's position on my lap made it difficult. I settled for tracing along her upper thighs and even this had brought a soft moan from Cindy.

She had then managed to pull her tongue out of my throat long enough to gasp out, "W-What are y-you doing to me?"

By then, I was lost. My mind a blur of lust and surging libido. I felt great, my earlier illness nothing but a distant memory. Cindy was on my lap, squirming in the most delightfully against my body. She was pressing her twin mounds into my bare chest. Even through the fabric I had felt the stiffness of her nipples. Heart pounding and my hard on pressing painfully in my jeans I leaned into her. With my lips just above her ear I had whispered, "This" and I pulled her sweater up and over her head.

Her black bra seemed to just barely contain the swell of her breasts. I didn't bother trying to unhook the undergarment, I had pulled on the dark lacy material until I freed one of her tits. Cindy was defiantly in the Double D range for breast sizes. A large, dark areola with a thick nipple at its center had hovered just inches away from my face. At the time, I did the most logical thing I could think of and opened my mouth and began to suck away.

"Ohhhh," Cindy had moaned as I worked my tongue around her rapidly stiffening nipple.

She sucked in air through her teeth and then hissed it out. No longer squirming about in my lap, she had pulled me tight against her body as I sucked and licked. It made for easier access with my hand up her skirt. I pressed my fingers against the thin fabric of her panties and felt the beginnings of a warming dampness.

"Y-Your m-making me wet," Cindy had shuddered out between gasps. Her breath had become increasingly unsteady, panting and moaning. "I... I s-shouldn't be...N-Not for a-another week..."

So it seemed I could affect any woman on this parallel Earth after all. Whether they were in heat or not. Luck me! I wasn't sure why I hadn't caused her to react before. But I was quickly getting past the point of caring. And so was Cindy.

"Mmmmffffttt..." she had gasped out as I edged one finger under her rapidly dampening underwear. With my fingers pressed against her moist folds, Cindy had clenched and my exposed digit was literally sucked into her.

"Oh yeah!" Cindy groaned, then she had shifted back, pulling her weight off my lap and giving me easier access to her pussy. She was hot, wet, and very willing. Even so, she was very tight and I had not been able to get more than one finger in her. Working away, thrusting in and out, I had steadily drove deeper. Her inner muscles squeezing and pulsing around my finger.

Then I had leaned into her, nipping at her earlobe and probing deeper with my tongue. I was rewarded with a deep shiver traveling through her body. Cindy's arms tightened around me and louder moan escaped her lips.

"Believe me now?" I had whispered into her ear.

"Y-Y-Yes," she gasped out as shuddered against me.

I should have stopped. Whatever point I had been trying to make I had done ten times over. But an all too familiar scent was twitching at my nose. With Cindy situated half-dressed on my lap and moaning in heat, I was out of my mind with lust. It was like when I had bonded with Abby.

I pulled at Cindy's panties while I had kissed and licked a spot under her ear. "You want me," I had told her.

Cindy whimpered, "I-I do...Oh fuck...I've never..."

Arching my finger inside her had caused her hands to clenched, hard enough to leave marks in my skin. "Never what?" I asked as I relentlessly finger fucked her towards orgasm.

"No guy has ever...made me...OHHH!"

Increasing my tempo, my finger had worked away at the upper wall of her vagina. "What? No guy has ever fingered you before?"

"N-No..." Cindy had managed to get out. "...You shouldn't..."

I did not let her finish. I twisted my hand and with a push, finally managed to squeeze a second digit into her tight pussy. I had only got three more strokes in before sending Cindy right over the edge. Her whole body had tensed, going stiff as stone and then moaning a muffled sob into my shoulder as her climax washed over her.

---

We pulled our messy inter-tangling of limbs apart as we lay on the bed. Awkwardly I realized then my hand was still up Cindy's skirt and it was beginning to cramp. Extracting my hand, I found it soaking with her arousal. Stomach-turning nausea I had earlier was in full retreat as I smell her growing lust. My erection was painful tight in my jeans.

Cindy shot me a wide-eyed look, filled with surprise but also a good deal of desire. She almost immediately looked away. Her voice unsteady, she asked, "H-How did you do that? I think...you started my cycle."

All I could think about was pulling Cindy to me, yanking that damn skirt off, and sucking on her pussy till she was screaming my name. I squeezed my eyes shut and forced my thoughts away from anything sexual.

Taking a few calming breaths of my own, I replied to Cindy's question. "The working theory is my father was from this Earth and my mother was from my Earth. One parent carrying the genetic change from the Pale Plague and the other one not. I end being some type of hybrid with a funky pheromone stink which apparently can drive any woman on this world into heat."

I opened my eyes again to see Cindy staring at me steadily. Her breathing at finally started to calm down. "It doesn't make sense," she said. "I tasted you before and I didn't react."

"I don't know. Maybe it's a length of time thing. The longer you're around me or something." I grinned and tried to not be too lecherous about it as I added, "Soaking up my special scent."

"You're bare-chested and a big sickly looking, sweaty mess," huffed Cindy. "It's got to be something you're producing because it's not your appearance getting me all worked up."

I wanted to retort to her put down, but looking at her bare legs, midriff, and her exposed chest drove such thoughts away. And as Cindy had said, she was worked quite worked up. Her face flush, nipples stiff and erect, and the all too familiar fragrance of female pheromones in the air. We both tried to look away, and we both failed.

"Look," I said hesitantly, "I know this is screwed up."

"Yeah," replied Cindy in a hushed whisper, "it is."

There was still a small part of me warning to put the brakes on, but that little voice kept getting pushed to the back of my mind. I placed my hand on Cindy's hip. Her skin warm against mine. I started to say, "I'm not sure how..."

"I've never Bonded before," blurted out Cindy.

I frowned, "Huh?"

The flush on Cindy's face turned an even deeper shade of red in embarrassment. "I...I just can't..."

My frown twisted into outright bewilderment. "You're a virgin?"

"What! No!" snapped Cindy with a scowl. She shook her head with an exasperated roll of her eyes. "I mean I've tasted more guys than I can count. Went to bed with more than a few. Just never...connected."

I thought about what I knew about Bonding. The intense emotional and physical connection between two partners. From what I had been learning about this Earth there was a certain dogmatic view on how relations were supposed to be. It was expected women would want this type of relationship. Being unable to achieve it must make a woman miserable, lonely and isolated.

Cindy confirmed this to me as she continued to talk. "Guys would always act like it's my fault. Like I was doing something wrong. Said I didn't have any flavor." She hung her head. "Call me sapphic or a freak."

"Hey," I murmured, "You're not a freak. I'm the one screw up here." I gazed over her very tempting body. "You've got nothing to be ashamed of."

"You mean that, don't you?" said Cindy as she raised her head and looked at me steadily.

I reached out and gave her a quick kiss, replicating what she had done yesterday. Kissing to let us sample each other's pheromones. Cindy's eyes fluttered as our lips meet. I pushed my senses for every sensation, so I could have the full impact of 'Tasting.'

"Now," I said after we broke apart a few seconds later, "I felt warmth and the scent of flowers coming from you. That's your flavor. Any guy who can't pick up that must have a busted nose, or however one senses these pheromones."

Cindy's eyes were wide now. Those blue orbs of hers heavy with desire. Her voice unsteady. "You...not like anything...I've ever...had."

"And you want me," I told her as I lay back on the bed.

She took a deep, shuddering breath and then lay her head on my chest and whispered, "You're right Jason, this is seven ways of screwed up, but goddamn it..." Cindy bit her lip, working up some bit of courage and finally got out, "I do want you."

I ran my hand up her back until I felt the back of her bra. With a little fiddling, I unhooked it and lacy garment pulled free. Her chest, now fully exposed, was really quite magnificent. There was a just bit of sag to her massive twin mammaries, but I wasn't going to complain.

The rest of our clothes soon followed. Now nude, I gazed over Cindy's body. She looked a bit like a younger Drew Barrymore, but with a larger chest and slightly wider hips. Sitting there on the edge of the bed, her skin was a warm golden shade of pink.

Cindy gave me a weak little smile like she couldn't believe this was happening. She was embarrassed and aroused at the same time. My eyes trailed down to her crotch. A narrow patch of hair, darker than her pixie hairdo was above her sex. I wanted her in the worst way.

I reached out and coaxed her legs apart. She was certainly stirred up, as I could see the puffy lips of her labia were practically dripping with her desire. Her pheromone scent was more floral than spicy, but it drove me just as crazy.

My hands moved over Cindy's body. Up her legs, cupping her ass, then raising to her smooth back. Eventually, my wanderings led to her well-endowed chest. Her breathing hitched as I caressed her breasts. They fit nicely in my palms. Warm and so soft. As much as I wanted to throw her down and thrust in to her, I wanted to savor this. I wanted to take her slowly and make her mine.

"You have a beautiful body," I told her.

"T-T-Thanks," stuttered Cindy.

She was so shy now. Before she had been boisterous and seemingly uninhibited. But I was beginning to realize at least some of her bravado was a cover for her own insecurities. Being unable to Bond with a partner must have made her feel very isolated.

Dropping my hands from her body, I suggested, "Do you want to lay down? We could lay next to each other, let you get used to me,"

"No," she said with a slow shake of her head. "I want to do this, but I think it would be best to just jump in. No kiddie pool for me."

"I mean..." I began.

"Jason," said Cindy and some of her old smile crept back onto her face, "Some guys have gotten me off before." She made a face as if remembering. "Even the most uncoordinated male specimen can make it feel good if they try."

"I'm hoping I do better than that."

Her grin widened. "I think you will. You've been far more understanding with me."

She trailed off and I saw she was staring at my erection. It was as if the room's temperature had been turned up and a sheen of sweat had formed on my skin. My own pheromone mixture was working away at Cindy, relentlessly pushing her libido.

I put my arms around Cindy and drew her to me. She grabbed my behind and gave a playful squeeze. The feel of her breasts against me was heavenly and I felt her nipples harden as she was pressed against me. Our mouths quickly found each other again and soon she was probing my mouth with her tongue.

My cock ached something awful as it pressed against the soft skin of her thigh. Cindy was really pumping out her own delicious scent and I was being pushed past any form of control. I was about to push her down and get down to business when she yanked me forward and onto the bed. In a surprising show of speed and dexterity, Cindy had me lying flat on my back as she straddled my hips.

She began wiggling her hips back and forth, lightly teasing the warm wet flesh of her sex against my cock. I fought to keep down a moan and failed. Her old smile was back as she saw the effect she was having on me.

Leaning forward she kissed me lightly on my lips. "You like?"

I answered my giving a tentative thrust of my hips. With Cindy on top of me, it was most certainly a case of shooting from the hip. I narrowly missed my target as I felt the tip of my dick press against her labia.

"Mmm," giggled Cindy. "Down boy...I'm still getting used to the idea of you getting me worked up like this."

She was about to say more, but I was game for trying again. I gave another gentle push up with my hips. This time I connected with her hot wet center.

"Ohhh!" she moaned out as I pushed maybe an inch into her pussy. I felt muscles deep within her twitch and contract.

I really didn't want to, but I dropped my hips and pulled free. I managed to grunt out, "You like?"

She laughed. "Point well made. No more screwing around. We both need this." With that, she leaned back and pressed herself down against my groin.

Even as wet and willing as she was, Cindy was still very tight. I knew I didn't have any record sized dick and had a pretty average girth, but with her snug little snatch, Cindy made me feel like I was sliding a 12-inch monster cock into her.
