 I eventually got to the showers.

First Cindy and I had gone back to her dorm room. The original idea was for me to borrow something new to wear. Cindy's roommate, a willowy brunet named Sarah, had a boyfriend who had left some clothes in their room. Cindy thought they would be a good fit for me.

It was a great idea, but it was hampered by Cindy's pheromones kicking into high gear. Sarah had taken one look at the two of us and saw how we could barely keep our hands off each other. She quickly made an excuse about some forgotten homework and left. Once we were alone, I did what my body had been screaming at me to do- I hiked up Cindy's skirt, pulled down her soaked panties, and knelt down and began to lick away at her sweet pussy. I probe with my tongue across her sensitive muff until her whole body was quivering. I got her off twice before she forcefully yanked me up and demanded I fuck her.

Cindy was just as tight as the first time, and I did not last long. She felt so good as I slid into her snug sopping wet cunt. Her pussy twitching and throbbing around me as thrust into her. Like before, she forced me to stop and then sucked me off. She did this while furiously rubbing her clit to another orgasm.

When we were done, Cindy gave me a breathless smile and said, "Alright, goddamn it, this time we're showing."

Unlike Abby, Cindy was quite adamant we shower in our own bathrooms. I wasn't going to argue. I was walking on a very narrow path. What was happening to me and by extension any woman around me was really getting out of hand. There was far too much of this world I did not understand. And I was only now starting to realize how much it affected me.

As I washed up, I considered my earlier illness when I crashed in Abby's dorm room. When I was with Cindy my stomach twisting pain had vanished. And I felt fine now. In fact, better than fine. Just like yesterday afternoon with Abby, I felt like I was ready to fuck all day and night.

It was becoming readily apparent to me that as much as I affected women in this world, they, in turn, affected me. I had been with Abby almost continually the day before. We had started off with having sex, and at the time Abby had treated it as something casual. But that had not lasted long. By lunch time we were all over each other and stayed that way the entire afternoon.

So feeling sick to my stomach was what...withdrawal? Possibly. Having sex with Cindy had relieved my symptoms. Would I need to be around Cindy or Abby at all times, or I would get sick? I could see any number of problems with that, even if those two were willing.

And Abby? Where was she? She should have been back long ago. Worry was again creeping in on what had happened to her. Not that I was looking forward to telling her what had happened with Cindy. They were best friends, and I had royally screwed them both. I steered away from going down a very lewd lane of thought about having both Cindy and Abby bonded to me. I felt like this was a recipe for disaster, not a chance at a threesome.

Shaking my head as the downpour of hot water cascaded over me, I tried to get a grip on my situation. At the very least, Cindy's information about this Professor Williams and Lawrence did shed some light on who might be responsible for me being on this world. Then there was the letter from my mysterious benefactor. They'd help me find my dad's article in the archives. But who were they and what did they want from me? More unanswered questions.

As I scrubbed away at my body with some soap, I resolved it was time to come up with a plan. I needed to know more about my situation and who the players were. First one on the list would be Lawrence. He had obviously been playing dumb when Abby and I ran into yesterday. What exactly did he know? Was he assigned to spy on me? How was he connected to this Professor Williams? A plan slowly started to form in my mind.

By the time I was done showering and was toweling off, I had worked out the basics. I needed to get Lawrence out of his room. In my world, and my version of Lawrence, he used a little address book to store names, numbers, and other things of importance. He found it faster and more convenient than a smartphone. Obstinately telling anyone who asked that he never needed to charge his address book. I hoped the Lawrence of this world would be the same. If he had one, and I could find it, maybe I could discover something of use.

I was putting on my borrowed clothes when someone walked into the bathroom. The newcomer gave me a brief nod and then turned to use one of the urinals. He was not anyone I knew, just one of the residents of Anderson Hall. I was still trying to run with a low profile and wasn't in the mood to be friendly in the men's room. But the new guy apparently did.

"So," he said after he had finished zipping up, "you got together with our resident pale gal." Giving me a little non-committal shrug he added, "Just saying. Hard to not hear you two."

I felt my face flush. Yet I wasn't quite sure why I was embarrassed. Hook-ups happened here and likely any other parallel world. The thin walls of the dorms being what they were, sometimes it got loud. Perhaps it had more to do with his slang of 'pale gal' for Abby.

"Yeah," I admitted, unsure of what else to say.

His brow furrowed. "You go to school here? Haven't seen you around."

"No, I'm visiting. Used live in Abigail's hometown," I said, falling back on my original cover I had worked out with Abby.

"Ahh," said my over-curious bathroom visitor. Coming up to the row of sinks, he chose one and began washing his hands. "I'm Jake, by the way. Really I just was curious. Seeing as I just saw you come out of Cindy's and Sarah's room." Jake fixed me with an intense look. "You really do get around."

"It's not like that," I shot back.

"Oh? How is it then?"

"I don't...know," I admitted out loud. It was true. I had no idea what to call Cindy and me. And if I was honest with myself, it was the same for Abby. Girlfriend? Fuck buddy? Biochemical pheromone mate?

A short laugh came from Jake. "I'll bet. Early bonds are always confusing." He leaned closer. "Just make sure you don't let either one of them pull you around by the dick. Those two have some pretty odd notions."

"Like what?" I asked. Although I had a feeling I knew where this conversation was headed.

"You know, shut down the MHS, equal employment opportunities, stuff like that. Trying to upend a lot of traditions."

"Right," I said with an audible sigh, "Got to keep them barefoot and pregnant."

"Hah! Hadn't heard that one before," laughed Jake, completely missing my sarcasm.

I made up an excuse and quickly exited the bathroom, not wanting to continue the conversation. I wondered how many guys here were like Jake, wanting their women sexually subservient to them. Disliking the idea women would be treated fairly. The MHS demonstration I had seen earlier today with Cindy gave me the impression most students did not care for the organization. But I knew enough that how people acted in public was not always the way they privately felt.

Pushing my thoughts away from things I had even less control over, I instead tried to focus on the few things I could. Walking back to Cindy's dorm room, I found her and Mandy Persaud deep in discussion. Cindy's short hair was still damp and a bit frizzy. She had changed into blue jeans and another one of those tight sweaters that showed off her chest so well. Mandy was still dressed in the same clothes I had seen earlier and was sitting cross-legged on the bed. As I entered the room and shut the door Cindy's eyes immediately brightened. Jumping off the bed, she rushed over to me.

Pulling me into a quick hug, Cindy pressed her body against mine. Soft and warm. Her amble bosom pushed into me, and I worried I was still affecting her desires. But she quickly put my concern to rest when she cried, "Oh, Jason, it's Abby! She's in the hospital!"

I felt a stab of panic hit me. "What? What happened?"

Cindy pulled back from our embrace and gestured towards Mandy. The dark haired Indian beauty sat silently on the bed giving both of us a perplexed stare. "Mandy," explained Cindy, "heard from one of her friends that Abby started feeling ill during her lab. Stomach pains and nausea. Fever started up and then she passed out."

"Kinda how you were this afternoon," said Mandy. With a critical eye, she looked me up and down and added, "But you seem fine now."

Cindy also gave me a close examination. "You are fine, aren't you? You seemed pretty sick...before." A faint blush spread on her cheeks. I was still holding her close, and my hands were resting on Cindy's shapely hips. I could smell the fragrance of her shampoo. But I didn't pick up her previous sultry scent. And for once my mind wasn't on her body.

If I could have some type of withdrawal symptoms, then it stood to reason Abby could have them as well. But I had found a fix for my particular itch with Cindy. Abby had not. And now she was in the hospital. Because of me.

Near my ear, Cindy whispered, "Did you cause her to get sick?"

"Maybe...I don't know for sure," I whispered back. I hesitated, uncertain how to tell Cindy my theory. "It just...I mean...I think I was going through some sort of withdraw and when...we..." I trailed off, not wanting to spell it out for Cindy.

"Oh..." said Cindy in a small voice as caught on. Then her eyes widened in realization. "Does that mean I'll get sick too?"

I felt a guilty punch to the gut. "I don't know," I lamented.

From the bed, Mandy had watched our hushed conversation. Now she broke in. "What exactly is going on? What's with you two? And Abby?"

Cindy sighed and pulled away from me. "I don't know how to begin to explain," she told Mandy. "It's some future-fiction sounding bullshit to be sure. But," and she glanced at me and then back to Mandy, "I think Jason isn't from this planet."

"What!?" cried Mandy. It was hard to tell if she was amused or angry at Cindy's explanation.

I let out my own sigh and began digging out my iPhone from my pocket. Might as well get this over with. Switching it on, and then unlocking it, I held my phone out for Mandy to see. She took it, almost gingerly, from my hand to examine my state of the art Apple smartphone.

Mandy quizzically studied my iPhone. She turned it over twice and then ran her finger across the screen. "Is this resistive or capacitive touch sensitive?" she asked after she made a few more experiential tries with the screen.

"Capacitive," I replied, a bit surprised she would know of such technology.

"I mean I've read about the theory of reactive sensors from electric fields. But I never thought I would see an actual working device." She turned the iPhone over again. "And it's so small. What powers it?"

"A lithium-ion battery."

Mandy's eyes bulged. "Seriously? How do you keep the chemical matrix stable..." She stopped herself and shook her head. She refocused on Cindy and waved my iPhone at her. "What the hell? This is like next, next, generation technology. Are seriously trying to tell me he's an alien or from the future?"

"He says he's from a parallel world," explained Cindy. She sat back down on the bed, directly facing Mandy. "I believe him." She hesitated, and with a growing looking embarrassment she added, "and not just because of his phone..."

"What does that mean?" asked Mandy.

Cindy explained it all. What I had told her about waking up here, my father, Professor Williams, and Lawrence's apparent involvement. While not going into explicate detail, she made it pretty clear to Mandy what we'd been up to for the last hour or so. How I was essentially able to jump start her estrous cycle. I had never listened to women talk to each other about their experiences with sex. Locker room talk with guys is about the mechanics. It's all conquest and bragging. Cindy spoke more to the emotional side of things. How she felt. The intensity of our first time. I blushed when she told Mandy it felt like liquid fire when I was in her.

Mandy's eyes were like saucers when Cindy finished. Turning to me, her voice took on a note of incredulity. "That what I felt this afternoon when we ran into each other. You told me to stay away. But then you went and bonded with Cindy. Even when you were already with Abby!"

"I know! I know! It's screwed up," I defended. "I'm not used to having women throw themselves at me. As much as these pheromones can mess with your mind, you can mess with me just as badly."

"This is crazy," said Mandy with another shake of her head.

"Yeah," replied Cindy as she gave me a sad smile, "welcome to our world."

I wasn't sure how great of an idea it was to remain in the room with both Cindy and Mandy. I knew for a fact Mandy was in heat, and I had artificially sent Cindy into hers. While Cindy had been recapping our time together, I had caught a familiar whiff. With the two of them here it was too much of a temptation. But I needed to know if my "shower" theory was correct.

"How do you feel?" I questioned Cindy. "Did the shower help?"

She made a helpless gesture with her hands. "I don't know...It's not like how I felt earlier. Not nearly as intense. But is that because of washing away your sweat, or because I've got other things on my mind with Abby in the hospital?"

I looked to Mandy. Tentatively I asked, "And you? Before you seemed like you were about to jump me on the stairs."

Cindy cocked an eyebrow towards Mandy. "Really?"

"Umm...Yeah..." admitted Mandy while looking down at the floor. "He just smelled so good."

"I was really sweating then. And, at least in theory, that's how I'm 'transmitted' my altered pheromones."

Mandy uncrossed her legs and got off the bed. She took a deep breath and closed the distance to me. Exhaling, she shut her eyes and took a few tentative sniffs, and then a longer one. Her eyes snapped open, and she moved to within a few inches of me. Watching me with her wide brown eyes, she made another sizeable inhale.

Looking a little disappointed, Mandy said after another moment, "No, I don't think Jason smells like before."

It was not even remotely the same for me.

"Uhh..." I gulped. With a nervous swallow, I pushed away from Mandy, moving back until I ran into the dorm room door. Standing next to her I had been inundated in her scent. A peppery, warm aroma of wet female heat that caused my heart to start pounding in my chest. With my pulse picking up, I could feel an immediate tightening in my pants.

Mandy blinked in surprise at my reaction. She shook her head. "We didn't even try a tasting. Maybe we should, just to be sure."

Both Cindy and I yelled at the same time - "Bad idea!"

"Okay, okay," muttered Mandy as she retreated to the bed. I forced myself to think of rotting fish to force away certain ideas I had suddenly started entertaining about Mandy, Cindy, and the bed. Too tempting indeed.

Cindy was still giving Mandy a reproachful glare as I got myself under control. She eventually let out a frustrated sigh and said, "Well, Jason, seems like your theory is confirmed. You're not affecting us too much. But with it being Mandy's time of the month, she can still affect you."

Looking thoughtful, Mandy added, "Which causes a biological reaction in Jason. Getting him hot under the collar, so to speak. Then he starts sweating and in turn increases my libido. And then I start..." She trailed off and then exclaimed in sudden realization, "It's like a feedback loop! Goes around and around until...well...until we're all naked and in bed."

"Not helping," I groaned.

"Right," put in Cindy. "Let's get back on track. We need to help Abby. Jason, can you undo what you did to her?"

I made a helpless shrug with my shoulders. "I have no idea if I can or not."

"This person you're supposed to meet at six, would they know?" asked Mandy.

With the news about Abby, I had nearly forgotten about my upcoming meeting. A quick check of the time showed it be 5:21. There was no way I could go to the Mathis Building and get to the hospital. As much as I wanted to find out more about my situation I was beginning to feel an almost instinctual need to be near Abby.

"I don't know. But if Abby needs me, then I'm not going to be able to make the meeting."

Cindy shook her head. "I think you need to go."

"But..." I began, still worried about my redhead.

Cindy again shook her head. "No," she said firmly. "We need to know what's going on. We're still just making a lot of guesses about what's happening. We need some solid facts."

"Cindy, you can go to the hospital, and I can go with Jason," put in Mandy.

"Oh no you don't," said Cindy disapprovingly. "Putting you two together is a recipe for disaster. I'll go with Jason, and you can check on Abby."

Mandy scowled. "You said he started your cycle early. That you basically Bonded. You two will be an even bigger mess together."

A deep red burst its way onto Cindy's face. "I will not. The effect is lot weaker now. I can keep my head."

"So can I," shot back Mandy. "We just need to keep Jason from perspiring."

I felt my forehead and quickly broke into their argument. "Which I'm starting to do. It's too much, the two of you. You're both in heat, and we're all too close to each other in a confined space."

Cindy blanched and then forcefully shook herself. "Damn it, I was beginning to slip into it again."

"Right," I sighed. "Look, you two both go see Abby. I'll go by myself. It's probably for the best anyway. Whoever this is, they seem to be keeping a low profile. They may not want me bringing guests along."

Both women did not seem happy with my idea, but they did agree. I was almost ready to open the door when I remembered my plans for the floor's RA. I stopped and asked, "Before we go, can you run a little distraction on Lawrence for me?"

--

Cindy really was an expert at being hard to ignore.

It took her only a few minutes of talking to some of her neighbors before there was a small crowd outside Lawrence's door demanding a whole floor meeting. Apparently under the guise of unfair laundry practices. My own experiences at college had shown me if you wanted to start an argument quickly, blame someone for not removing their wet clothes from a washing machine. Her little get-together had everyone that was available down in the Anderson Hall's lounge, leaving the 2nd floor deserted.

Except for me. I had hidden in Cindy's room while she had led her little mob down to the RA's dorm room. Cindy had been throwing out enough manufactured outrage to force poor Lawrence to scramble in reaction. Hopefully leaving his room, and any clues, easily accessible.

Coming out of my hiding spot, I sprinted down to his door. I let out a shaky sigh as I stopped before his room. If it were locked, my little expedition would be over very quickly. But I was in luck. The door easily opened.

Going inside, I found myself in a rather messy dorm suite. This world's Lawrence was just as messy as mine. This boded well that he would also use an address book. But it also made things really hard to find.

Lawrence's room was a regular sized suite for Anderson Hall. But it was just for him, and he had filled the extra space with a bigger bed and larger roll top desk. I spent a good five minutes shuffling through the contents of his desk with no luck. He had plenty of books and papers for school, some photos that I assumed were of his family, and one poorly hidden spot of some weed. There was nothing out of the ordinarily and no address book.

I did not have much time. Cindy could only run her distraction for so long, and I still needed to make my six o'clock appointment with my mysterious benefactor. After making a quick check through Lawrence's bed, I was about to give up when I saw it.
