 Janine signed up for an experiment in the effect of weather conditions on the human body. She was guided to an empty room and told to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to conditions of the test. The screen lit up when she touched it and after asking for her personal identification number and gender, it displayed specific information about the conditions of the experiment. Mainly that she would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes she would have to be unclothed and there were safe guards and that she would never be in any danger. Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.' She clicked agree, and read that the exit door would lead her to the options room and from there she would select what environment to test. Her clothing would be on other side and then she would fill out a short survey about her experience. She opened the door seeing the a wide range of doors in front of her. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. Janine looked over what choices were left and finally touched the door that had J: Jungle on it in red letters. The neutral computer voice intoned, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

Janine entered the lush jungle environment and she took a deep breath. Her eyes were closed and she could hear all the sounds of the jungle. She carefully stepped forward sticking to a path through the dense vegetation. She wondered how much it had cost to build this environment and what else it was used for. She felt as if she were being watched and her body responded to the illicit thought. She heard running water and found a small clearing with a clear pond and waterfall. She let her hands run along her body and decided to take advantage of her lush surroundings. 

The water was warm as she waded into the waist deep water. She still felt like she was being observed and wondered who it was. She noticed a rustling in the bushes and she felt brazen as she caressed her breasts. She slowly walked out of water and laid down on the pristine shore and flaunted her body. Janine felt liberated as her fingers slide down between her legs, and sooner than she expected her body was tingling. She stretched out, the display had only made her more horny as she looked around for something to sate her desire with. 

Janine blinked as she felt a shadow move over her and then there he was. She swallowed as her eyes ran over his body, noticing the unkempt hair and primitive garment. It hid nothing from her eyes as she looked up seeing him more than half hard. She wondered who he was and what he was doing here. Was he part of the experiment? Or part of the environment? 

He offered his hand to her and let his eyes enjoy a closer view of her as she took it and stood before him. When he had submitted his fantasy he had never expected it to be fulfilled and never in his wildest dreams by such a beauty. Jonathan forced himself to obey the rules as he smiled at her.

Janine was unsteady as she stood and found herself leaning against him. Her damp skin pressing against his warm flesh. She felt his arms supporting her as she managed to straighten up. She felt like she had just met a real life Tarzan, and considering the setting she wondered if that was part of the deal. Her friend had recommended the experiment and said she met her current lover through it. She blushed at the thought, even as her hands slide down his sides.

Jonathan felt her small wet hands slide down his body and took a deep breath in as she stepped back. He let his eyes drift over her golden blonde hair, green eyes, full lips, and perfect breasts. His gaze slipped down further seeing the silky blonde hair that her fingers had so recently been entangled in. He knew the rules, he could not speak, and she must vocally consent to sexual activity. He let his hands run from her waist up to cup her breasts. 

She wanted to shift away but instead moved into his hands, enjoying the feel of his callused fingers on her tender flesh. Janine let out a deep breath as he began toying with her nipples. Whoever he was she thought he was a force to be reckoned with. She took a closer look at him, he was tall, lanky brown hair, tan, with dangerously innocent brown eyes. 

He let the feeling of being Tarzan flow over him, and he found that it made his touch tender. Jonathan felt as if he were touching a woman for the very first time as he played with her breasts. He grunted wishing he could communicate with her.

Janine was lost in his touch, hearing his grunt made her look him in the eyes. In that moment of weakness she whispered, "Yes."

He grunted happily as he swept her up in his arms and laid her down on a soft mossy patch. Jonathan was grinning from ear to ear as his lips ventured from her forehead all the way down to her toes. 

All Janine could say was yes, over and over again as the man kissed and licked her all over her body. He spent most of his time between her legs and she called out, "Yes, oh yes." It was as if words escaped her, when he grew quiet she looked at him and wondered why he had stopped between soft questioning kisses. She felt him take her hand and lead it to his cock and she knew the question. She wanted to try something different and stood up. 

Jonathan was confused as she stood up and he rose to follow her. He watched her lithe body move towards the environment wall that was camouflaged as stone. She beckoned him to follow and he lumbered behind her. 

Janine leaned against the wall and waited for him to approach her. She kissed him as she lifted one leg to slide around his waist. She dug her fingers into his butt and felt him catch on as he pressed her against the wall and held her as her other leg wrapped around him. She felt a primal need as her hand slid down and found he needed little guiding to fit inside her. She was grunting and groaning along with him as they fucked like animals, both needing the other to feel complete. Her nails clawed his back and she bit his shoulder as pleasure rippled through her stronger and more intense than earlier. She felt his body clenching as he filled her. 

"Ugh," Jonathan moaned before his lips wandered down to suck on her breast. 

"I know," Janine purred her eyes closed. He moved carrying her with him, the loping pace providing numerous ripples of desire to pass through her. Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore he laid her down and disappeared. She glanced up and noticed that a door with an red neon EXIT above it was in front of her.

She was exhilarated and confused as she walked through the door and heard, "Thank you for participating. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

Janine slowly dressed and looked at the screen. Then she tapped the next button. She wanted to know who had played the part of Tarzan as the first question flashed across the screen.

'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' She selected, 'I want to do it again.'

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. Janine picked yes, after all it was how she got involved.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for her to type her response. She knew right away that it had been the primitive jungle man and his grunting and took a moment to put it into words that she could type. "The jungle man."

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed. He enjoyed the experience."

"Yes," she said all too quickly. A door opened and he entered wearing normal clothes. His hair was neatly groomed and he looked almost better than he had in the jungle. Her jaw dropped and she managed to speak, "Hello." Janine wasn't sure what else to say, after all they had fucked without words and here he was and she was clueless.

"My name is Jonathan," he felt awkward as he held out his hand. She had enjoyed the experience in the jungle but would she enjoy the real him? 

"Janine," she huskily said taking his hand, her knees feeling weak.

He grabbed her before she collapsed and felt his body responding again as she pressed against him. Jonathan wasn't sure what to say and found he didn't have to as their lips met. 

She held onto him as their lips met and more information than could be conveyed by words alone passed between them. Their eyes met and he said, "Dinner, my place, now?"

"Yes," she said with a smile. 

He let the nervousness drop away and when she didn't move he picked her up again. He heard her laugh and he chuckled as he carried her out of the building.