 *All characters who have sex in this story are over 18*

***

Jack was pissed off. It was the middle of summer and he was supposed to be at Lyla Banks's house maybe getting laid for the first time but instead he was off to see his boring as hell step-sister. 

"What's wrong, honey?" Asked his mother.

"Why do I have to do this? Jill is so boring and I'm gonna waste the last week of school holidays at her stupid farm," complained Jack.

"Your step-sister never gets to see you, Jack. She just wanted to have you for the week I'm sure she's got tons of things planned".

Jack doubted it. His sister had always been a boring as hell kind of person. Every time she visited the house she seemed bored as hell. She was constantly looking out the window as if waiting for the right time to leave. 

"Ah, we're here," said Jack's Mum.

The car pulled up to the farm and Jill came walking out in a bathrobe and a coffee.

"Hey bro what's up?" She asked, yawning.

"Alright Jill it was nice to see you but I need to get to work pronto. Ill be back in a week so please take good care of Jackie" she said, leaning in and giving Jack an embarrassing kiss on the cheek.

"Ugh Mum!! I'm 18 now can you please stop doing that?!" Complained Jack, wiping his cheek.

Jill and his Mother both laughed. His Mother then got in her car and drove off.

"Alright. Why don't you go put your stuff down in your room and meet me in the barn? I have something cool to show you," she said, smiling.

"But you tell me never to go in there while I'm here".

"This time I'll make an exception," she said, smiling and walking off.

"Whatever" said Jack. 

He went inside and upstairs and put his suitcase down on the bed. He then checked his phone and saw a snapchat message from his friend Todd. He opened it and for 10 seconds he was greeted with a picture of Lyla Banks making out with Micheal from school. It was captioned "missed out bro".

Jack was so furious he slammed the phone against the wall and walked out the door. He made his way down to the barn and walked inside to a strange sight.

Jill was at a computer that was wired up to a metallic chamber that looked like the thing from that movie "The Fly" with Jeff Goldblum. She noticed him as he walked in and stood up.

"Welcome brother, I give you Homer!!" She said in a showman's tone.

"What is it?" He asked.

"Something I've been working on the past 2 years. It's a machine that has perfected travel between parallel worlds."

"That's ridiculous".

"No seriously this is why I brought you here I have an amazing world to show you. Let's go," she said, excited.

She then did something very unexpected. She took off her bathrobe revealing her full naked body to Jack. She then picked up a small bag and her phone and put it in the bag.

"Uhh what the hell are you doing?" Asked Jack, averting his eyes and going red.

"Oh right. I haven't perfected travel without clothes so we have to go naked. All I can take is in this little bag. Take your clothes off and get in with me."

"You gotta be fucking kidding me. I'm going back to the house," he said, walking away. 

"So you're just gonna hang out in my house doing nothing for the next week instead of parallel universe hopping with me? I know it looks fuckin weird but I promise this will pay off."

Jack looked at her and sighed. He took off his clothes and stood there naked covering his junk with his hands. 

"Let's get this over with," he said.

She pressed a few things on the computer and stepped into the chamber. She motioned for Jack to join her. He got in and was embarrassed at how awkwardly small the chamber was. Him and Jills naked bodies were pressing up against each other. He slowly felt an erection rising and it pushed against her belly. She laughed.

"Im your sister bro, don't get too excited". She said.

"I could be at Lyla Bank's party right now making out with her but instead I'm naked in a tube with my asshole sister"

"I'm sure you'll regret saying that later," she said.

Just then there was a big flash and suddenly Jack and Jill found themselves naked in an unknown forest. Jack yelped and covered his junk with his hands. He shot his eyes around to see if anyone was watching.

"Relax, I got you covered," said Jill. She reached up into a tree and pulled out a duffel bag and unzipped it to reveal a large amount of clothes. Jack hurriedly got himself dressed while Jill seemed to take her time.

"So what's different about this world?" Asked Jack.

"Well most of it is a surprise but I'll tell you a few things. First off we don't exist so there's no chance we'll run into our parallel selves. Secondly, school is only two days a week and I'm driving you there straight after this. Thir-"

"I'm going to school?! Why would I want to do that? It's the middle of summer!" He shouted, angrily.

Jill smiled "I think you'll like School a hell of a lot more here than in your world. And Thirdly, everyone in this world has one of these".

"One of wha-" he was interrupted as Jill put a piercing gun to his wrist and pulled the trigger. It hurt a bit but she held his wrist in place. She then pulled out her phone and pressed a couple buttons. The spot where she'd shot him blinked red twice and then stopped.

"What the hell was that? And where are we?" He asked.

"A microchip I installed for two reasons. One so that I can keep track of you and two... it's another surprise. As for where we are, we are in the same place. It's just my house doesn't exist in this world "

"Then how do we get back?"

"You'll see"

Jack rolled his eyes and The two got into her car. Within half an hour they were at Jacks school as the first bell rang.

"Ok I enrolled you a couple of weeks ago and arranged that your locker is the same as your world and same with your classes. And if anyone asks if you were from 'one of those churches' you say yes," she said, before driving off.

Jack was stunned and had a world of questions but decided to just go to class and that is where he saw his first major difference. Susan and Kate, two girls from his class who, in his world, were both very fat and unattractive, were now thin and athletic looking. In fact, everyone in the class looked pretty thin and athletic.

Mr Hawkins came in and made everyone sit down. He looked different too. 

"Alright everyone id like to introduce you to our new student Jack. Go easy on him, he's from the church," he said.

The entire class ooed at that which was strange. Hawkin's then got him to sit down.

"Ok first up we have PE so if you could all make your way to the changing rooms and then out to the field," said Mr Hawkins.

"Finally we can get out of these stupid clothes," said Susan. Which was strange, as her outfit consisted of jeans and a pink camisole. Not a very embarrassing outfit at all.

The class left whilst Jack stayed behind to hear a rundown of the day from Hawkins. He barely listened as he knew everything he was saying. 

He looked for the mens change rooms but could only find one called "change room" so he went inside and his heart skipped a beat at what he saw.

At the side of the room, was Lyla Banks, completely naked and checking her phone. Her beautiful tan breasts where right there staring him in the face as well as her completely shaved vagina.

"Oh my god I'm so sorry," he said, covering his eyes.

"For what?" She asked, confused. "Oh hey you're that guy from the church".

Jack then felt his hands pulled away and he was greeted by Lyla Banks's nude body once again. She made no attempt to cover herself. Her hands then went around and took his shirt off. Jack was speechless. He didn't even notice her pulling his pants and underwear forcing his erection to spring out at her like a jack in the box. 

"It's ok. We're both naked now see. Nothing to be embarrassed about".

She then stared at his penis poking out like a stick of wood. She looked at it like she was considering something.

"What the hell, they won't miss us," she said, getting on her knees. 

She wrapped her lips around his penis and began to suck, massaging the shaft with her tongue. Jack was still a virgin and had never even kissed a girl before so his hormones were exploding with confusion. He felt the greatest pleasure of joy and his testicles felt as though they were ready to burst. She pulled her mouth away from it eventually with precum and saliva forming a sort of tightrope between her mouth and his cock. She lay back and spread her legs.

"Do you have a condom?" He asked, embarassed because he wasn't sure how to put one on.

"Haha what is this, the 70's? Anyways, not yet, use your tongue," she said, smiling.

He didn't really think about it and moved his mouth down and began kissing her there before sticking his tongue into it and feeling around. He had little idea what he was doing but she was moaning in pleasure so he figured he was doing ok.

"Just what the hell do you two think you're doing,"? 

Jack looked up from between Lyla's thighs to see Mrs Kay the PE teacher standing there also naked with her hands on her hips. Jack had no idea what to do.

"Aww cmon miss, we'll be out soon" Lyla moaned as she stretched to look back at her "he's from the church".

Ms Kay rolled her eyes "ok but finish up soon. And for this you're going to do double time Lyla," she said.

Lyla turned her head back to face Jack, "ok put it in me now," she said, turning over so that her ass faced him and he stuck it in her from behind and started thrusting. He thrust about 9 times and couldn't take it anymore and came. He felt his inexperience was showing.

"Wow already? You really haven't done this before have you?" She asked, smiling.

Jack could only nod.

"That's ok, You'll get better in no time". She got up and walked into the showers. Jack turned the corner to find her cleaning her Vagina in the water.

Jack was dumbfounded. He had just had sex for the first time with Lyla freaking Banks and he didn't know how. She just let him do it in a world where she didn't even know him. He had to go home in his free period and see Jill and ask her about this world once and for all.