 Chapter Nineteen

My legs were still sore from the marathon of fucking the night before. It was nearly Lunch when we happened open Omneu and the two orphans. I wasn't sure how much more of the bitchy succubus I could put up with. She fucked Stone almost into a coma. And I let her run at the local bar where she fucked two others cross eyed.

Unisilix was reserved but content with her lot. I was running on coffee and adrenalin. Strike had flown on ahead with his wife. I needed a calm place to think. The magical chains I now had control of were taxing me. I needed to take them off. But until I parked little Ms. Fuck-a-thon somewhere safe I was forced to push myself. 

Some how I had made it to the Vale. Scelene relieved me of the chains and tossed me into a bed. I only remember bits of a conversation, and not my side of it. It's dark when I wake up. My head feels like it's full of slush. Putting my feet to the floor I step on something sharp.

"Ow! Son of a bitch!" I yell.

"Meany. Why you gotta go and step on my tail?" The succubus whines. "You going to make it up to me by kissing it and making it feel better?" 

"Shut up, your charms won't work on me. I am Lord of the House that has claim to you." I say checking my foot for blood.

"About that, you tricked me. I should be released." She accuses.

"You're just mad I used my fingers instead of my cock." I snap.

"That's not true." She argues.

"Then why did you cum so hard on my fingers. You wanted to be controlled. It turns you on to no end that I tricked you in to my house and made you cum in the same moment." I snarl at her.

"You're a mortal, the scent of you shouldn't excite me this way." She says.

"Why are you at the foot of my bed?" I ask not seeing the chains on her.

"The others ordered me to guard you and only guard." She complains.

"Which others?" I ask not sure if I left any out standing orders I'd regret.

"The half-blood Huntress and the Mind-Eater." She chokes as if not wanting them to hear her.

Looking around the room, this has to be Scelene's chamber in the brothel. Bare walls and covered windows give this room a cool tranquil feeling. Standing up again I head for the door. It opens as I reach for the door knob.

"Get back in bed, Master." Scelene purrs. 

"You're on that band wagon too?" I ask.

A tingling runs up my spine and and explosion of erotic imagery floods my mind. Scelene steps forward catching me before I hit the floor. Her presence does little to abate the flood of sensation running through my body. Quite the opposite, it makes it even more palpable. Ramming deeply into a quivering cunt. The scent of female sex as it seeps over my throbbing member. It's to much to take all at once. I fall back as my body convulses in orgasm. Loosing my seed it jets into the empty air.

"You've only yourself to blame." Scelene whispers before I slip into deep sleep.

The eyes open and find Tempis gently riding me. Her warm depths gripping my shaft as she rolls her hips. Her head tilted back open mouthed. Her hands grasping her breast with her nipples pinched between her strained fingers. I grab her hips and she snaps her eyes to mine. I thrust into her, wanting of release. Her wings shutter as her cunny clenches feverishly at my pounding member.

Her moan of pleasure pushes that last button and I cum hard into her wanting love hole. She bucks trying to escape but I hold her fast. Causing her to orgasm hard thrice over. She falls to my chest cooing and licking the perspiration from the side of my neck. 

"Now you've done it." Imedes says.

"I did nothing." Tempis retorts innocently.

"I wasn't talking to you." Imedes says stepping close enough to grab my balls.

"What did I do?" I yelp.

"She tried backing away. But you had to be the man. You may have just knocked her up." Imedes says.

"But ..." I stammer only half realizing what she meant.

"It's okay, I'm ready for a baby." Tempis says coyly before nibbling me ear.

"How is this my fault, wait I um, what am I being blamed for?" I ask trying to follow pissed off Gorgon logic. "I barely understand the where I am and how thing."

"You're on the Nameless Ilse. Scelene brought you with the succubus and the sex chains. The rest on your demon House is here and I'm pregnant." Imedes says.

"I ... you're ... we ... Not to be rude but move." I say sliding Tempis to the side. "You have a child of mine? We are going to be parents! Oh happy day!"

I scoop a somewhat surprised Imedes into my arms and hug her tightly. Her body softens in my arms as she starts to sob. I sit back on the bed holding her. Tempis moves behind me putting her chin on my shoulder and wraps the three of us in her wings. 

"I thought you'd be angry." Imedes whimpers.

"Why? You all made it clear you wanted my children. I just didn't think it would be so quick. I can't be angry, I did very much the act of putting it there." I says trying to lighten the mood.

"It's also the reason I haven't had any useful visions." Imedes says.

"Hasn't stopped the world from throwing us more anyway. So don't worry about that stuff. I am fine that you are carrying a child of mine. Are you happy that you are having a child?" I ask.

"Is that why you were so snippy? You all but threatened me to jump him." Tempis offers.

"Yeah." Imedes admits putting her face in my chest to hide her eyes.

"When you're done crying, can he fuck me some more?" Tempis asks tickling her with a wing.

"He has a number of things to deal with. If he wants more with you I guess it's fine." Imedes says.

"The whole house is here?" I ask.

"Yes, and from the talking of the Huntress there are duties you need to attend to." Imedes says.

"Were are the chains?" I ask.

"Cross is wearing them. Scelene played hell after she gave the business with them to every girl in the brothel. Those girls are simpering puddles of fuck pudding. She didn't mean to do it, but with the succubus confined in them she needed something to feed the slut with. The brothel is closed for repairs." Imedes says.

"I don't know how to control those things. The Judge slapped them on me after the fight and I just ran with what worked. I didn't know what I was doing." I admit.

"Well you better figure it out before they drive another of your friends to insanity." Imedes says.

"Yeah, but first, what do you need my mother to be?" I ask.

"Lots of red bloody meat. And a fork." Imedes says flashing her teeth.

"Got it. I'll have some real soon." I say nudging Tempis to let us up.

"I'll need the fathers milk to sate my lustful urges." She purrs giving my balls a gentle squeeze.

"I won't withhold anything from the mother of one of my children." I say.

"Well, go rescue your half demon before she fucks herself stupid." Imedes says.

They let me up without protest and I head for the stairs. The scent of multiple women's rutting greet me before I have reached the last step to the main room. My eyes can hardly believe what I am seeing. Cross wearing the chains is using them to power fuck all three huntress and the succubus at the same time.

The succubus is just taking it, mewing and purring. The huntress seem to be locked in a struggle with the chains at the pussies. Trying to hold them or pull them out. All have obviously cum a couple of times. Their toned bodies glistening with sweat. Each growls in frustrated pleasure. Prizm sees me and pleads with her eyes for release.

"Cross enough, return my chains!" I order.

"She can't hear you. She to enthralled to even care about you." The succubus says icily before squirting at my feet.

I push past her to stand in Cross's face. "Who is your Master?" I ask with a slap of her cheek.

"I serve Nameless." She says eyes snapping open.

"Did I order you to fuck my Huntress?" I growl into her face locking her eye to eye with me.

"No." She whispers as the chains drop to the floor.

I grab her face with my left hand. "No what?" I demand.

"No my Lord." She says huskily.

"Release the chains." I says.

At the sound of them hitting the floor I push three fingers in her boiling snatch and kiss her deeply. She quakes in my clutches and cums twice in rapid gushes on to an already cum soaked floor. I lower her to the floor and grab up the chains. I will them into the smallest size they can hold. 

"Blood chain, I am your master. You will act only by my will. Act out on your own and I will melt you down. Perhaps you need proof of my rule over you. This is the blood of your lord." I say slamming on the floor opening a few cuts on my palms.

As my blood trickles over the chain a place in my mind forms with it's commands and functions. I stand holding the chains. Adding the skills of these chains to my growing arsenal once more gives rise to the questions of what I will be facing that would require this level of power. I push those thoughts aside for a moment. As with most things I have taken into my service, it needs a name.

"I name thee, Judgment!" I say clearly then slam them onto my back from over my head.

The huntress jump back. The chains unfold and work into my skin. It is an odd sensation but one of horror to watch for them. I step quickly towards the stairs and wave for them to follow.

"Bring them as well." I order pointing at Cross and the succubus.

I stalk down to the sea wall where the grelesk have taken to hiding. I call for Omneu and feel him as he steps from the ether of stand before me. The huntress stand as respectfully as they can while holding Cross and the squirmy slut.

"Grelesk, step out here and bare yourselves before your Lord!" I order.

Two quickly step forward and start removing their armor and coverings. The others follow as it is an order, though the look about them is one of distrust. I note it but show it no real interest beyond that. Stepping to face Omneu. He cowers back a little as I am still stark naked.

"Omneu, I will allow you to keep your name, under two conditions. First, all souls of your collection are to be explained for their value to the House of Lexus. Second, when collecting souls, they are to be shown to me and how they are of value to the House of Lexus must be explained. Can you and will you abide by these terms in my House?" I ask.

"I will give a full account my Lord." Omneu says.

"Then you will keep your name and hold rank as a Duke of Lexus." I say walking towards the huntress.

"But a devil has never ..." Omneu starts.

"And a mortal has never held the Lordship of a Demon house! The laws and rules be damned. I do however have a task for you." I say grabbing the succubus by one of her horns and pulling her to her feet. "You are mine, I name you Conium. Will you serve this house as I tell you to?" 

"If i refuse?" She snarls fire behind her eyes.

"Then I will chain you to the floor of my brothel and sell your pussy to every human dick with a coin." I say coldly. "You are ill kept and undisciplined. You can serve as I instruct or be used as a toy. I have little time to play with any that don't see the value in Lexus and what we can gain."

The grelesk stand more proudly. "I will serve you, I have been a toy for so long I know no other way." She replies. "Would you have me if I were 'better'?"

"You have the same chance of finding a place in my bed as the Huntress. Do for the House and I will give you sex, attention, affection, and many other things a demon's life has not revealed to you." I say. "Omneu, instruct her in etiquette. Show her the arts of subtlety. Teach her how to collect souls so they are still valuable to house Lexus."

"This is a dangerous thing you do, Lord." Omneu says.

"We standing on the ground are all of House Lexus. I have no place in the realms of hell. I am mortal. To gain what this house needs, souls need to be bartered. We have access to the mortal realm like no other house. I will make this House one to be respected and feared." I say.

"Are you willing to walk such a dark path?" Prizm asks.

"But that path need not be dark. We hunt the dark souls. Was collect those that demons have already tried to covet. Protect the innocent souls and trade them only to those that will treat them as the wonders they are." I say.

"And drawing the attention away from an unclaimed ..." Prizm starts.

"Silence, those subject are never spoken of. Put those thoughts aside. Grelesk! You will groom your features into one that is pleasing to the huntress. You bodies are theirs. If you wish to gain favor from your huntress, you must be worthy of it. Look upon your Lord. Take note of my featuring and coloration. Shape yourselves in my likeness. Your arms are a mark of your power, don't hide them. Huntress, Cross, choose a champion. My Lady Generals need a proper attending."

"But those you have us gathering?" Jezabell asks.

"Would not aid you in the underworld."I say.

"Why would we ..." Chareese starts to ask before her brain kicked back in. 

"I, your Lord, have sired a child. You will take up your duties in service of Lexus and the generations of Lexus that I will bring forth. I have the angel to deal with now. Bond as warriors and lovers if the grelesk have pleased you. Get yourselves armed and back to the duties I have assigned to you. Word of Lexus has already spread in the underworld. We have little time to prepare for what they may bring against the House to depose a mortal Lord. We will be ready." I say walking away from the collected minions. Even the Conium feeling the weight of what would happen to the all should I die.

Walking back toward the villa I see Caldoria wading in the water at the sea wall. "Consort."

"If you will still have me as such. I am Lord of a Demon House." I say.

"And the best land lover I will ever know. You were with me before any of that. You held me as a woman and taught me the tenderness of sexual pleasure. I know the even as the Lord of a Demon House, you will see to the safety of me and my clan. Imedes is with child?" She asks.

"I would never question a woman about knowing her own body. If she says she is with child, I doubt she would tell me if it were a lie." I say.

"Would you gift me with a child as well? When I am in season. You said you weren't ready. We all agreed to give you time. You didn't know, as none of us did that Imedes was already carrying. That she is makes me happy for you, and jealous. If she has a child I will love it as I do you. The clan would ask you to soon give me a child. I have held them at your word you weren't ready, seeing her will damage your honor in their eyes. That you held back with me and not another of your lovers." She says.

"I understand. And my feelings have changed. I would be honored to have you as a mother of one of my children. Make announcements if you need to. When you come into season, your consort will child you in love and happiness." I say.

"I will look forward to it my lover." She says.

"This child will have a part in the Demon House as well as the Mer-Crown. How that will work we can talk over later." I say.

"A new world you are creating Ryktis. I'm sure our child will follow her fathers path." She says.

I lean down and give her a passionate kiss. She is all kinds of blushing when she sinks back into the water. I can feel her coming. Aqua steps from the higher plain at my side. I give her a cold shoulder and walk into the villa. Scelene is huddled in a dark corner. I step over and take her in my arms. Her inner thoughts are clouded and disjointed. I hold my forehead to hers.

"I'm sorry, Scelene. I didn't understand what the chains were." I send to her.

Her body relaxes. "Come back to me, dark little secret." I whisper.

The feel of her mind reaching out for mine sparks as idea. I hold a place in my mind. I fill it with the lustful daydreams of having her in my bed. All the lustful groping I'd give her yearning body. The positions I would pleasure her body in. How deeply I would ram myself into her tepid snatch, how I would grind it in until her pussy was as molten warm blooded womans.

Her eye flutter open and hold mine as her body convulses in orgasm. Her heart races as the cloud of pleasure washes over her. I hold her passionately in my thoughts. She sighs as the shards of her thoughts reform into a more orderly configuration.

"Are you sure your not part Illithid?" She asks as she quivers in my arms again.

"Just a Demon Lord with a host of sexual tricks and fantasies." I say.

"The chains were your fault. I had control. I let myself get distracted. I never felt such a powerful libido before." She says.

"The Chains?" I ask.

"No, yours." She admits blushing. "How do you not rape us all daily?"

"You can't be serious." I say.

"I felt your raw power. It rolled pleasures untold through me and the chains still needed to impart more to any pussy it could make cum." She says huskily.

"We'll have to discuss that later. For now rest and meditate. I have to talk with the angel." I say.

"I guess I'm on the naughty list." Aqua says over my shoulder.

"We won't even talk about the list you are on." I snap back.

"You invoked my name in a church of some other God. After being awarded a victory in dark court. Good thing the Judge was already gone." She says trying to keep up with him.

I flip her a racey hand sign and walk away. "Just wait there." I say.

I rarely intrude into Imedes's personal space. Stepping past the curtain, the angel sits at a opening, feeling the sun of her face. The chain stirs and I quickly reign it in. She tilts her head as the curtain slides back in place.

"You are an unusual person. Lord or no." She says.

"I have been told that by many. I see no reason to refute it." I say.

"You don't shirk from my nudity." She says standing to face me.

"After being in the company of many ethericly beautiful women, you are stunning. I don't fear your beauty any more than your divinity." I say.

"You smell of rutting." She says.

"My morning was chaos. I have not eaten and have yet to make my way to a bath. I apologize. I fear that I have already endangered us all by taking this long to get here and conscious." I say.

"Has she told you?" The angel asks stepping closer holding a hand towards my face.

"Yes, I am to be a father. Would you join me for a meal and conversation. A Goddess has come. Perhaps a bargain can be made and your sight restored." I offer.

"My kind does not eat." She says.

"Fine, I will leave you be." I say holding back the want to slap the shit out of her.

I leave the room and stalk up the stairs to the main floor. Imedes sees the look on my face and scurries down the steps. Tempis bounces over and gives me a snuggly hug before dancing off to her nest. I step into the water closet and pull the lever. The water runs over my skin but burns off raising a huge cloud of steam to billow from the room.

"What the hell? I can't get pissed without bursting in flames now?" I complain,

I shut off the water and head for the balcony. I can feel the heat rise with every step. I throw myself over the railing. The rush of sea water cools me. I look into the chain space inside my head and can find no reason for the elevation in my body temperature. I break the surface of the water and see feet sending there. 

"Ready to talk to me now?" Aqua asks looking down at me. 

"You do this to me?" I accuse.

"No, you did. Amazing to see from a personal stand point." She says.

"What the hell is it?" I ask trying to not freak,

"Your demonic aura. You have inspired the members of your house. They have placed their faith in you. Like prayers to a God. It gives you power. As natural demon would take that energy and enhance themselves. Physically. Ethericly. Metaphysically. As a mortal you don't have those options. You need to find yourself a vessel for it." Aqua says.

