 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Jack woke the next morning to the smell of pancakes and made his way downstairs to find his sister cooking naked in the kitchen. She smiled as she saw him enter and sat two plates down at the table.

"So he's finally awake!! Dig in bro," she said, smiling.

Jack sat down and started eating the pancakes.

"So what's the plan for today?" She asked.

"Lyla invited me to hang out with her friends down the river," he answered.

"And to think. Yesterday you were angry that you wouldn't get to kiss Lyla and now you've kissed, fucked, and gotten a blowjob from her," said Jill, laughing.

"I already apologised for that," he said, rolling his eyes. "So what about you?"

"Ill be meeting Rita for lunch and a few other things," she said, mysteriously.

Jack finished his pancakes and got a message on his phone.

LYLA: hey church-boy I'll be around your place in 5.

Jack smiled and waited and sure enough Lyla pulled up in a red convertible with Kate, Susan, and Rachel who were all naked. Jack happily ran out and jumped in the back seat between Rachel and Kate. Rachel, an Asian girl who was morbidly obese in Jack's world but thin and sexy in this one, playfully tickled Jacks cock as he put on his seatbelt.

"Wow!! He has a hard on already," said Rachel.

"Well he did just have sex for the first time yesterday," said Lyla.

"Is he any good?" Asked Susan.

"He's a little choppy but otherwise great. But let's worry bout sex later. It's freaking boiling today. Let's get to the river," said Kate. 

They got to the river and immediately jumped in. The cool water went to every part of Jack's body and made him feel cool and refreshed. For one and a half hours the five of them splashed playfully in the water and jumped off the massive rock that overlooked the river. After that they went for a walk in the woods and ended up at the ice creamery.

Jack ordered a vanilla boysenberry swirl but in his carelessness he dropped a bit onto his semi erect penis.

"I'll take care of that," said Rachel, getting down and taking his cock in her mouth. She gave him one quick lick and suck which cleaned it completely and then pulled off and smiled at him.

"So you're back young lady?" Said the Clerk to Lyla.

"Huh?" She asked.

"Wasn't it you out back of my shop this morning?" He asked, squinting.

"No you must have me confused with somebody else mate," she said, confused.

"Well I swear it was. You took off running when I tried to talk to you," he said.

"Still not me..." 

He walked away and Lyla just looked confused as hell. Eventually the group forgot about it and left. They got back to the car and Lyla pulled out a pair of rollerskates before everyone else did. 

"Don't worry church-boy I didn't forget about you," she said, smiling and pulling out an extra pair.

The five of them rode their roller skates all over town. They swung by the movie theater, the pool, and the library. Feeling the wind on his crotch was one of the most liberating feelings Jack had ever felt. The three of them stopped at the milk bar to get lollies.

"There she is Mummy. The weird lady," said a young boy with his mother pointing to Lyla. Lyla simply glanced at them but kept skating anyway.

Lyla then pulled Jack aside to talk.

"Why is everyone talking to me like that?" She asked him.

"Like what?" Asked Jack.

"So freaking weirdly. The guy in the ice cream shop, those two. And even Mr Smith said something weird to me before when you weren't there," she said, looking a little worried.

"I don't know what to say," he said.

Lyla shook her head "never mind it's probably nothing. Cmon, sun's gettin low, let's get back to my place".

They all rode back and got into Lyla's car and drove to her house. Jack had been to Lyla's house in the other world and there were a few differences here. For starters they had a bigger tv and better looking furniture as well as all their family photos had them all naked in them. The biggest change, however, was outside.

Lyla had a pool which took up most of her backyard. It was beautiful and had a hot tub right next to it. Jack had noticed how cold it was getting as the sun went down and Lyla pressed the button that started warming it up.

"Oh hi kids".

"Hi mum, hi dad" said Lyla.

Jack turned around to see Lyla's parents standing there buck naked and instinctively covered his penis with his hands. This made Lyla's parents laugh.

"I assume this is the church-boy?" Asked her dad.

"Yeah it's him. He's still a little shy so we thought we'd take him home and fuck him a few times," she said, smiling.

"Language!! young lady," said her mother.

Lyla rolled her eyes "fine. We thought we'd bring him home and make love to him a few times," she said, annoyed.

"Better," said her mother "now have fun and keep it down after 9". Her parents walked off without a care in the world that their teenage daughter was about to have an orgy.

"Hey!! Jack!! Cmon join us".

Jack looked back to see that the four girls had gotten into the hot tub. Kate and Lyla were making out at the opposite end so Jack took a seat between Rachel and Susan. Rachel leaned in and started passionately kissing his neck whilst Susan moved his hand down between her legs and Jack started feeling around the hole between her legs as Rachel's hand slowly moved down and started jacking him off. After a while she climbed onto him and moved his penis inside her and started humping. Susan moaned and leaned over to make out with Jack. Rachel did the same and the three were then involved in a passionate three way kiss.

Jack felt pure ecstacy as he felt his nude body press against Rachels. It felt different in the water. It felt good. Eventually Jack climaxed and so did the other girls. They then just wrapped their arms around him and lay there peacefully.

"I've had better but you're not that bad church boy," she said.

"Is anyone ever going to stop calling me church boy?" He asked.

"Probably not," laughed Susan.

"So what do you think of sex Jack? How many times has it been now?" Asked Kate.

"I love it!! It's been maybe 5 times now,"

All four of the others laughed. Susan climbed on top of him and put his penis into her vagina. As he saw her boobs push into his face, he was reminded of a birthday party where she was dared to show all the guys her boobs and she did.

"Well how many times have you done it," he asked, interested.

"Gee that's not a nice question to ask a lady. But if you must know I was first in the class to turn 18 so I've had sex around 500 times," she answered, happily.

"350," said Kate.

"280," said Lyla.

"52," said Rachel, sadly.

"Oh cheer up Rachy. Just be thankful you're having sex at all,"

"What's the problem?" Asked Jack.

"Oh well you see Rachel is the youngest in the school year so she turned 18 long after any of us meaning she had to spend all of last year watching us fuck at each others 18th parties. On the bright side, everyone was old enough at her party so she fucked 20 of those 52 at her party last week," said Lyla.

"Doesn't that stretch out your vagina?" 

Everyone laughed again. Especially Rachel.

"No Jack it doesn't. The chip heals all pubic areas after sex. I could fuck around 1000 guys in the next hour and id still be as tight as a virgin," said Rachel.

Lyla stood up, letting the water drip off her beautiful naked body.

"Let's dry off and go inside hey?" She said. Everyone nodded and followed her in. 

Her mother and father were in the kitchen making tacos and smiled, handing each of them a plate.

"So how was it kids? Is he any good?" asked her mother.

"Yeah he's ok. Needs more practice with normal sex but is really good at oral," said Lyla.

The three other girls moaned because they hadn't gotten oral from Jack yet.

"I'll have to try him out after dinner," said Lyla's mum. Making Jack spit out his food.

"It's alright boy! In our society you can have sex with anybody!! In fact, Rachel? Susan? Kate? Do you want to show me what you've been learning at school?" Asked Lyla's dad.

"Sure thing," they all said happily.

All four of them stood up and walked over to the couch. Lyla's dad got on his back and Kate climbed on top of him and began humping. Jack looked at Lyla and her mother. Lyla seemed uneffected by the fact that her dad was making love to her three best friends over on the couch.

Lyla's mum stood up and walked over to the lounge chair, sat down, and spread her legs.

"Well? Are you ready Jack?" She asked.

Jack was reluctant at first but walked over and started eating her out. Being in her late 40's, Jack expected Mrs Banks to be loose down there however it appeared the chip kept her as tight as a teenager. It was still weird though. 

After a time she pushed his head away as a liquid seeped out of her genitals.

"Well now, I'll admit he's not bad but needs some practice," she said, panting. "Lyla why don't you get over here and suck his cock?"

Lyla smiled and got down on her knees. She gently wrapped her lips around his penis and began sucking. Jack was in heaven but was immediately thrust out when Mrs Banks pulled Lyla's head off of his penis.

"You call that fellatio? The boy himself is better than you and he hasn't even had a class yet! You need to massage the shaft with your tongue as you suck and NEVER touch it with your teeth!!" Said her mother.

"It's ok Mrs Banks!! Honestly, it felt really good," protested Jack.

Mrs Banks laughed. "I know you mean well, boy, but you don't know what good is. Let me show you," she said, taking Lyla's place. Lyla looked very embarrassed at this.

Jack was about to protest but when her mouth wrapped itself around his penis it felt amazing. She hit all the right spots and within 30 seconds Jack was cumming down her throat. Mrs Banks looked up at him, swallowed, and smiled.

"Pineapple? I prefer strawberry but that's ok. Cmon Dan!! Let's leave the kids to their fun," she said.

Mr Banks was still being ridden by Kate with Rachel sitting on his belly backwards and making out with Kate. Susan had sat her vagina on his mouth and Mr Banks was licking it eagerly. All three got off him at Mrs Banks request and she led him upstairs leaving the four girls to come to Jack smiling.

For the few hours, Jack made love to the four girls. The lounge became their sex den as the five sucked, licked, and screwed orgasm after orgasm from each other. After a while they became too tired and simply collapsed into each others arms and went to sleep.

A while had passed and Jack awoke. He desperately needed to pee and it just dawned on him that he hadn't needed to use the toilet since he got to this world. He slowly lifted the multiple naked bodies off of him and walked outside. He found a patch of grass near the gate and peed right there. He felt an overwhelming feeling of release as he let out two days worth of piss onto the ground and then immediately heard a noise of rustling leaves.

"Who is it?!" He asked at the bush it had come from.

"Ummm...close your eyes!!" Said a familiar female voice.

"I'm not closing anything now come out or I'm going back inside and getting my friends parents," he said, angrily.

"No no no!! Ok I'm coming out Jack just..keep your voice down," said the girl, walking out.

She walked out with one had clapped over her breasts and another clapped over her vagina. Her body was a little chubbier and from what he could see of them her breasts were less firm also her hair was a mess but he could tell who it was. He was looking at Lyla Banks.

He quickly looked in the glass door and saw Lyla sprawled out naked between Susan and Rachel on the floor. His eyes darted back between her and the one that now stood in front of him and the one inside.

"Wha? How?"

"I don't know what's going on!! Why don't I just start at the beginning?"

******

EARLIER THAT DAY

EARTH ONE

Lyla Banks drove down the country road that Jack's mother had told her that he lived on. She was angry and upset.

The night before, at her party, she was staying sober because she wanted to confess her feelings to Jack and remember everything. Then suddenly, Micheal Tanner had just walked up to her and stuck his tongue down her throat and began feeling her up. She was so angry that she'd bit his tongue.

Jack never showed up to the party and she found out that morning that Todd had sent a photo of them kissing to Jack and she panicked. First she sent him 30 messages which he didn't reply to and so she drove to his house but his mother said he was staying with his sister. She was, however, happy to tell her where Jack's sister lived.

She pulled up to the house and walked up to the door and knocked. 

No answer.

She walked around to the back and knocked.

No answer.

She put her hands on her hips and looked around. The car was still there so they couldn't have gone far. And that's when she noticed the barn with it's door open.

She walked inside expecting to find farming equipment, horses, or another car but was instead greeted by a very weird looking chamber with wires hooked up to several machines including a laptop. The chamber looked like it was from The Fly with Jeff Goldblum. A movie she'd watched with Jack once that freaked her out. She took a step towards the laptop but kicked something on the way. She looked down and saw a full set of Jack's clothes on the ground as well as a bathrobe next to it. 

"What the hell? Are they running around naked together!?"

She shook it off and looked at the laptop. It was a list with something selected called "the one where everyone has sex all the time" followed by some weirder entries.

-The one where there's only men.

-The one where there's only women.

-The one where everybody's the opposite sex.

-The one where aliens have turned humans into intergalactic sex slaves.

-The one where women are slaves

-The one where men are slaves

-The one where all men have 12 inch penises.

-The one where sex is an international sport.

-The one where firefly was never cancelled.

She cringed and just walked away over to the Chamber. It was emitting a buzzing noise and looked pretty warm. As a joke she stood inside to see what it was like but the door slammed behind her and a countdown began. She panicked and pounded at the door but suddenly there was a bright flash and she got the sensation that she was falling. 

She fell onto a patch of grass and immediately opened her eyes to see she was out of the barn. After a close look at everything, she realised she was still where she was but the farm hadn't been built.

She walked towards the road to get a better look around and realised the wind blowing on her body. She looked down and shrieked as she realised she was naked. It was at that point she also noticed her car was gone.

"What the hell is going on!?!" 

She clapped her hands over herself and decided to walk home. She hated the idea of sneaking through town naked but she had no choice. As she walked along the road, she ducked behind a tree quickly whenever she heard a car coming. After about 20 mins she made it into town.

She sighed in relief as it was still pretty early and not many people where around. She walked down the main street and ducked into an alley when a car turned the corner. She hid behind some bins out back of the ice creamery.

She took a moment to breathe and think about what was going on when all of a sudden the back door of the ice creamery opened.

"Hey what are you doing out here?"

Lyla didn't even look but screamed and ran across the road and jumped the fence into the park. She hid behind a bush.

"He definitely saw me!! Oh this isn't good he might call the cops and how will I explain this to mum?"

She was whimpering when a ball hit the ground and rolled behind the bush.

"Don't worry mummy I'll get it," a young boy's voice said.

Lyla panicked. A little boy was about to see her naked. She turned her back to him and covered her front in a panic.

"Oh hey lady, can I have my ball?" He asked.

"Uhh yeah sure just take it and go," she said.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah I'm fine".

"I'll go get my mummy".

"Wait!! No!!"

Lyla turned around to yell but was instead surprised. The boy was naked as well. He returned with his mother a moment later who was also naked. Lyla was bewildered.

"What's going on?" Asked the mother.

"Uhhh nothing!! I was just... enjoying myself behind this bush," she said, immediately cringing at her words once she heard them herself.

The woman noticed her covering herself still.

"You know masturbation's legal in this park right? Same with sex," she said

"Mummy what are those?" Asked the boy.

Much to Lyla's disgust, the mother began explaining to the boy what sex and masturbation was in explicit detail. Lyla simply turned and walked away but not before hearing the boy say something about her being weird.

She noticed soon enough that everyone in the park was naked. There was a group doing yoga on the grass and a group of guys from her school playing soccer and Lyla blushed and felt dizzy at the sight of all those penises bouncing around. She then saw a sight that brought her back to reality. Mr Smith's penis flopping up and down as he was on his morning jog.

She put her hand over her mouth and ran into the public toilet to throw up. After vomiting, she turned to see Mr Smith standing in front of her in the bathroom.

"Is something wrong Miss Banks?" He asked.

"Umm uhh noo," she tried but failed to get any words out but failed. She then noticed Mr Smith's penis growing more erect as she stood there.

"We could make love right now if that will make you feel better," he said, stroking his hand up and down his cock to get it ready.

Lyla screamed and ran outside and across the road. She stopped trying to hide her body right then as she was in so much shock.

"I- I have to get home!!" She thought to herself.

It took her a while to walk but she eventually made it just as the sun was going down and was amazed at how different the place looked. As she walked through the front door she cringed as she saw all her family photos. Both her parents were naked in all of them and she felt queasy as she looked at her favourite photo of her and her dad on holiday in Hawaii rollerskating except both of them were completely naked with her dads (now known to her to be) giant penis flopping between his legs. She then felt positively about to faint as she looked at the next photo. 

The next photo was a collage of her having sex. One of them showed her being fucked from behind by Sam. Another showed Kate and Susan sticking their fingers in Her pussy whilst all three smiled at the camera. Another showed five guys standing in a circle around her while she was taking turns sucking their penises. The rest were just more of the same and the border of the frame was covered in pink love hearts and a sign at the top that read "Lyla's first time".

She closed her eyes and backed away until she heard noises coming from the kitchen. She looked in to see her dad cumming all over mums face as she tried to catch it in her mouth. 

That was it. Lyla then ran outside and threw up. She wandered around the street wondering what to do. And then she saw the car pull up and her doppelganger get out of it naked. 

She was a bit thinner but the real difference was with Susan and Kate. Both used to be extremely fat but now very thin and attractive. Then she saw Jack and Rachel get out of the car. 

"Jack!!" She thought to herself. She knew instantly that Jack could help her out with wherever she was. She followed them into the backyard and hid behind some bushes. Other Lyla and Jack had an awkward conversation where she basically told her parents that they were going to have an orgy in the hot tub to which her mother nodded and the four then proceeded to fuck each other like crazy.
