 Once upon a time, there was young man called Jack. Jack lived with his mother in a small cottage and both he and his mother were very poor.

Unfortunately, not only were they poor, but Jack's mother was very bossy and rude to him. Jack didn't like the fact that his mother was very bossy and rude, but she was his mother, and she owned the owned the cottage and also the garden where she grew all their food.

So, Jack did as he was told, and tried to keep out of his mother's way the rest of the time.

One day, Jack's mother called him to her in the kitchen. He had been weeding the row of cabbages and so he had to climb to his feet, walk round to the front door, take off his muddy boots, and make his way to the kitchen at the back of the cottage.

There his mother was sitting in her rocking chair by the oven.

"So where have you been Jack?" His mother snapped at him. "Never mind," she waved her hand, "I have more important things to do than listen to your excuses."

"Our cow Millie has stopped producing enough milk, and we need to sell her so we can buy a new one. You will need to leave now to get to the market and sell her. And mind that you get a good price for her eh? Now, can trust you to do this one thing properly without losing the cow, or the money, or your way back home?"

Jack knew well enough not to say anything in his defence; he just nodded and said "I will be fine Mother dear," then he turned round, went outside, put on his boots and trudged over to the field where Millie was quietly cropping the grass."

Jack liked old Millie; she was never rude to him, and she didn't mind it when he told her just how awful it was living in poverty with a mother who spent her time being rude and bossy. Still, his mother had said sell her, so that is what he had to do. He took some rope from his pocket, made a halter, and lead Millie out of the field and down the road towards the market.

About 3 miles down the road, (and almost half way to the market), Jack met an old man sitting by the side of the road. He was a very strange old man, with a long white beard, a pointed colorful hat and a long patched cloak made of the same colorful material. Strangest of all, though, the man seemed, at the same time, to be poor and elderly, but also very wise and powerful.

Jack was about to walk past when the man called out to him.

"Young man, could you spare a minute for an old man?"

Jack was always polite to people, and he walked over to where the man was sitting.

"It is a hot day young man, and I am so very thirsty and my legs ache. Could you please go over to the stream at the far end of this field and fill up my water bottle?"

It was a very hot day, and Jack could do with a drink himself. So, he took the water bottle and walked to the stream, filled it up, had a long drink and made his way back to where the old man was sitting in the shade. Jack sat down, gave the man his water bottle and stared at the road.

"Many thanks young man...or rather...Jack?"

Jack started and turned to stare at the old man.

"Don't be surprised", the man said "I am a powerful wizard and I know all about you. I know that you are poor, and that you live in the small cottage down this road about 3 miles away. And I know that your mother is very rude and bossy to you."

Jack was so stunned at these words that he just sat and stared.

"However," the old man continued, "there are things I know which are a lot stranger. For instance, that cow that you have there? I bet you didn't know that that cow is really my long lost new bride who was stolen from me ten years ago. The thief was a rival wizard, and because she refused to sleep with him, he turned her into that cow. I have spent all this time looking for her, and now I have found her."

At that point, even Jack, who was a trusting person, felt that he was being told a very tall tale. He didn't even need to say anything; his expression of disbelief and doubt said it all.

The wizard didn't bother to say anything. He just climbed to his feet, walked over to the cow and touched it with one finger on its forehead. Jack was never able to describe what he saw next. It was as if a patch of the world turned into a piece of wavy metal, and then sprang back into normal view again. Except that where there had been a cow, there was now a beautiful naked young woman of about 28 years of age.

The wizard and the young woman didn't say a word, they just fell into each other's arms and wept.

Jack was too embarrassed to say anything, though he was surprised, (and rather jealous) of the fact that such an old man had such a young beautiful wife. Still, he thought that if he were a powerful wizard, then he could make any woman fall in love with him.

As if reading his mind, the wizard turned from his young bride and spoke again.

"Ahhh young man. This beautiful young woman doesn't love me because I make her. She loves me because I am me and love her in ways that you don't yet understand. However, because I see that you have a good heart and are willing to help others over yourself, I think I can help you to learn what I already know."

At this, the wizard reached into a deep pocket, and took out something hidden in his fist.

"Come here", he said.

Jack went over to the wizard, trying hard not to look at the naked girl who was smiling at him, (whilst also clinging to her wizard as tightly as the coloured robes he was wearing).

The wizard held out three strange beans. They were obviously beans because they looked like beans. But when he looked more closely to see what kind of beans they were, they shimmered like sunlight on water, or like the fire of an opal.

"Take these beans home and plant them, and when they grow, you will know what to do next."

Still stunned by what he had seen, (and somewhat distracted by the pert breasts and shapely thigh of the naked girl), Jack took the beans and stared at them. Whilst he was doing so, there was a sudden plop like a large frog jumping into a pond, and the wizard and his wife were no longer there.

Jack turned and ran back home, bubbling over with excitement over the adventures he had just had. He ran all the way up to the cottage gate, up the garden path, through the living room and into the kitchen where his mother was still in the chair, obviously startled out of a nap.

"Mother, mother", Jack blurted out. "I was taking Millie to the market when I met a strange old man in coloured robes who turned out to be a wizard and Millie turned out to be his long lost wife and she was really a naked girl, and the wizard promised me that I could learn what he had learnt and gave me these magic beans and told me to plant them and then I would know what to do next."

There was silence and Jacks mother stared at him.

"You what?" She said in that voice Jack knew always led to him getting a telling off?

"You let some con artist and his cheap floozie cheat you out of our valuable cow and gave you three painted beans and you think that's good news?"

Jack's mother flew out of the chair like a cat attacking a dog and snatched the beans from his hand.

"You think that these beans are going to help us get a new cow? You think these beans will help you learn anything? You haven't learnt enough to know when you are being fleeced like some simpleton at a magic show."

Jack's mother was shouting so loudly that even though he was over 6 foot to her 5 ft 2, he still cowered and felt like a little boy again.

His mother gave one loud scream of frustration and rage and then threw the beans out of the window into the garden. Before his mother could do anything more, Jack fled too, out of the house and into the small shed in the garden where they kept the dried apples. There he sat for the rest of the day, and all that night. He knew that his story was true, but what his mother had said really hurt, and by the very early morning he couldn't help thinking that maybe he had been tricked.

The next morning, he woke up, stiff from lying on some sacking on the earth floor. It seemed darker than normal and he wondered what time it was. Rubbing his eyes, he pushed open the door of the shed, walked towards the house, stepping round the giant bean stalk...and stopped dead.

He backed up three paces and stared at the three thick sets of bean stalk that rose out of the ground like great green tree trunks.

He looked at the stalks, and followed them up. And then he followed them up further. And then he fell backwards as he tried to look at where the stalks entered the clouds.

Now he understood the Wizard. Those three stalks where thick; but they had lots of thick leaves coming off them like a giant spiral staircase. It was as if there was a large sign on them saying "Climb Me".

So Jack did. He climbed because he believed the wizard. He climbed because he wanted to prove his mother wrong. He climbed because he knew deep down that this was going to be the start of an amazing adventure.

As he climbed at first, Jack would take time every now and then to look down and admire the view. After a while, though, he realized that he was making himself dizzy, and he worried how long he would fall if he should slip. So Jack carried on climbing higher and higher.

Eventually, he reached a place where the clouds gathered like a pavement and the leaves came to an end. He reached out and felt the clouds, feeling their softness, but also the fact that they were thick enough to hold him. So, trusting the wizard and his sense of adventure, he stepped off the stalks and onto the clouds, and walked towards what looked like a set of white hills.

Walking between those hills, he spied an amazing giant golden castle. It had towers and walls and flags and a large gate and a moat, all far bigger than a human king would need. He walked closer, but couldn't see any people. He walked up to the drawbridge over the moat, but no-body called out to him. He walked over the moat and into the courtyard, and stillhe could hear nothing. He walked across the courtyard and into a large hall with a very tall ceiling. In the centre of the hall there was a giant table with two huge benches, one on each side. He could see on the table that there was lots of food, all of it giant sized with mouth-watering smells. He remembered at that point that he hadn't eaten anything since yesterday morning before going the market with Millie.

With much effort, Jack climbed up to the table top, and once he was at the food, he started helping himself. He helped himself to tarragon chicken and bacon stuffing. He helped himself to mashed potatoes and succulent peas. He helped himself to sweet crusty bread and golden cheese, and he washed it down with excellent ale. And because the plates were so big and the helpings to large, what Jack took seemed like a mouse had been nibbling round the edge.

After a while, it seemed to Jack that he could hear someone quietly giggling. He looked around, and there, on the far side of the table (that was as big as a field), he saw a golden harp almost as big as him and where the frame looked like a young woman upright with her arms bent straight behind her.

He walked over to this harp and noticed two things as he got closer. Firstly, he saw that the girl was completely naked, and secondly he saw that she was able to turn her head and was looking at him, giggling.

Jack was somewhat shocked that naked girl should be laughing at him.

"What's your problem?" he said roughly, "Have you never seen a man before?"

"Oh dear," said the harp smiling, "I'm sorry sir. I have seen lots of men, but usually they are the dinner, not working their way round the plates eating it, and I couldn't help wondering what you would do when you saw me?"

Jack paused.

"What do mean, 'they are the dinner'?"

"I mean that there is a large angry giant who lives in this castle, and he likes to eat people. And not just people, but usually young girls, (he says they taste sweeter), but he will eat any person he can catch. If you were go down to his dungeon you would find quite a few girls kept in cages for when he is hungry and can't be bothered to go out and hunt and wants a special treat."

Jack looked around him nervously.

"And where is that giant at the moment?"

"He's asleep upstairs. He came home early this morning, very angry, and after eating from the food on this table, he went up stairs to bed. I don't think he will be down again for a few hours. You have plenty of time to run away and hide."

Something about the way the harp said that made Jack stand up taller and look fierce.

"I'm not going to run away and hide. I think that the giant should be made to pay for what he is doing. It's not right to eat people, especially young girls."

"That's all very well, said the girl, but how will you stop this giant. He's not just any giant...he's over twenty feet tall, and his voice is so loud it would deafen you if you were in the same room as him."

Jack looked thoughtful, his eyes flicking over the plates and kitchen ware on the table. As he did, a plan formed in his mind.

"What do I need to do to wake up the giant?" Jack demanded.

"Well," the harp asked coyly, "Is that information worth a kiss?"

Jack had never kissed a girl, especially not a naked girl who looked as if she was tied to the harp like some fiendish torture device. Jack wasn't sure why he did what he did next. Maybe it was the thought of fighting the giant. Maybe it was the fact that the girl was tied up and couldn't run away. Maybe it was because at last this was His adventure and no one else was there to tell him what to do.

He stepped in close and whispered.

"You mean a kiss like this?" and held her head in his hands and gave her a long slow passionate kiss.

The harp gasped in surprise when he pulled back.

"Ummm, yes, I think so, she stammered"

"Or maybe," Jack smiled. "like this."

This time, Jack put one hand on the back of her neck, and the other roamed down her body and cupped a full breast. The harp squeaked and tried to struggle. The more she struggled, the more he squeezed and twisted her little nipple until it was as stiff and hard as the tip of a tongue.

Feeling bolder, he felt lower down until he was at the V of her legs. By now the harp was struggling as much as she could, but with his mouth pressed to hers all her cries were muffled by his mouth. Jack pushed his fingers into her soft flesh, feeling the way that the folds parted like the gates to a magical land, and was amazed to feel how much wetness there was. Jack was also aware that his own sexual hunger was growing and that his cock was straining to be let out into the open. Focused entirely on the young bound girl in his arms, he undid the drawstrings to his trousers and pulled out his hardness. It was but the work of a moment to line himself up with her vulnerable and oh so welcoming cunt, and then he drove into hard like a knight storming a castle.

The poor harp screamed into his mouth, and then pushed herself against him. As if a fast cloud had uncovered the sun, she started to thrust as much as she could against him (though this was not much), and with the tightness of her pussy and the youth of his sex, it wasn't long before he was gushing his white juices into her as she clenched and shuddered to feel his possession of her.

Both spent, Jack stepped back, and looked at the flushed face of his magical victim.

"Thank you sir," she whispered. "You have partly broken the spell that bound me to the giant. Until you fucked me, I was bound by magic to lead you to your doom. Now, as you have made me yours, I can help you defeat the giant. However, be warned. I am still only a magic harp, and I can do nothing more than give you advice. You must kill that giant yourself."

"I have already worked out how to do that," said Jack as he rearranged his clothing. "All I need from you is the best way to wake up that giant."

"Stroke the strings of the harp, and I will have to sound the alarm, and my voice will wake him up and bring him here."

"In that case," said jack as he picked up a dagger big enough to be a broadsword in his hands, "that is what we will do. However, I won't be waiting round here as he would be able to trap me here and kill me in an instant. Instead, I am going to run to a place where I know I can fight him and win. I need you to persuade him to chase after me. Will you do that?"

"Yes," said the harp, "gladly. Only be safe, because if you die, I will die too from despair."

Jack leaned in and kissed her lips. "Don't fear; having found you and this castle, I will make an extra effort to stay alive to repeat my earlier pleasure."

The harp blushed, and smiled.

Then, wasting no time, Jack thrust the dagger/sword into his belt and plucked several of the strings.

At that, the harp gave an unearthly cry, its voice magically echoing through the castle. Over and over it repeated the same words.

"Alarm, alarm, we have a human loose and stealing. Alarm, alarm, we have a human loose and stealing."

Even as it gave the alarm, the harp winked at Jack, and turning on one heel he set off as fast as he could for the entrance of the castle.

Even as he reached the courtyard he could hear the loud thumping noises of the giant coming awake, and as he reached the far side of the moat he could make out the giant's war cry.

"Fee Fi Fo Fim, I will Tear that Human Limb from Limb."

As Jack sped towards the hills he had passed earlier on the way to the castle, there was a brief silence from the castle...and then a shuddering roar. Like a wave of sound he heard the giant.

"He Raped You? I will thrust a poker through him from top to bottom and roast him over a slow fire with his balls as stuffing in his throat!"

Jack realized that the harp had done an excellent job of enraging the giant and that he was now so angry he would easier to defeat.

Running as fast as he could, Jack reached the place where the beanstalk came up into the cloud land. Cutting some of the branches off with the dagger, he laid them over the hole so that it looked as if the plant were growing in the cloud.

Even as he did that he could feel the shuddering pounding of the giant as he ran towards Jack. Turning, Jack could see the head of the giant over the hills, and when the giant saw him he waved a large nasty looking axe and charged after him.

Jacked skipped round the leaves on the ground and taunted the giant as he rushed up. He stuck a finger up at the giant and said "I enjoyed your harp, and I bet she enjoyed me too. And when I have killed you, I am going to go back for more fun with that harp."

Jack waved his dagger at the giant, looking like he was ready for a fight. The giant was so angry that all he saw was a small Human with a food dagger, and he didn't look to see where he was putting his feet. So, when he stepped on the leaves, his leg went into the hole and fell forwards heavily, stunning himself as he hit the ground.

Jack didn't waste any time and leapt forwards, cutting off the giant's head.

Once that was done, Jack walked back to the castle. Once inside he climbed back onto the table and told the harp what had happened.

"In that case," smiled the harp, "this castle is now yours. I am only a magic harp at the moment, but I am really the spirit of the castle. The giant put an enchantment on me and bound my powers. As the person who defeated the giant, you now can command me as you wish.

"In that case," Jack decided, "I want you to no longer look like a harp but a proper woman, and for this castle to be a better size for me as a human."

In an instant, Jack's wishes came true. The harp turned into a proper human girl, (though still naked), and Jack and her found themselves standing on a proper human sized table.

After that, Jack became the lord of the castle. The harp showed him the dungeons where the girls were kept. As lord of the castle, Jack kept the prettiest as his play mates and let the others go. The harp was very pleased as she also liked pretty girls, and so she was very happy to serve Jack for the rest of his life and they lived happily ever after.
