 Jack Frost rode on the swift air currents above the frozen north pole tundra, giggling as he went. His translucent blue skin, like ice, glistening in the sun. If anyone happened to look up where he was, they would only see a light flare where the sun reflected off of his skin. He had been roaming around the north pole, during the warm seasons mostly, for a while now. He loved floating on the currents, watching the animals play in the snow. The only thing he hated more than warm weather was how lonely he was. No one ever saw Jack Frost. They only felt him. Though, he did enjoy fondling the people he passed by. He loved squeezing a woman's tit, feeling her nipples harden at his touch, and the shiver that ran through their bodies as he rubbed them.

The north pole was cold, but there was a lack of people. Santa's shop was close by, but all they had there was elves and reindeer. That was no fun for Jack Frost. Then, he thought of Mrs. Claus. She had been a tease to him since the day he first saw her. Most people think of Mrs. Claus as a fat grandmother type, because her husband, Santa Claus, was an old man. But, no. Mrs. Claus was a knockout, and Santa Claus was an old pervert. He kept his elves in line by using garland to tie them up and then fucking them in demeaning ways, but that's another story. Mrs. Claus was 5'5", slender in the waist, nice medium sized hips that melded into shapely long legs. Her breasts were perky, small perfect nipples on firm round 36 DD's. She was gorgeous. Jack grew hard just thinking about Mrs. Claus' perfect body. He had to see her.

Zipping through the air currents, it wasn't long until Jack came upon the large castle like structure that the Claus' called their home. A small distance away from there was the toy factory that the elves worked and lived at. It was close to dusk now, and the factory was done for the day. Most likely the elves were up in their living space. Jack floated over to Santa's house, and glanced in the windows, first the lower floor, and then the second. As he happened upon the master bedroom window, he saw Mrs. Claus on her knees, moving her head forward and back, and a hand holding her blonde hair back.

Jack moved further over to get a better view of Mrs. Claus. Her eyes were closed, her eye brows furrowed almost with a disgusted look as she sucked Santa's cock. Santa's hand was holding her hair back, the other was mashing her perfect tits. Mrs. Claus had one hand on her husband's fat thigh, and the other was massaging his massive swinging balls. Jack found his own hand on his large cock, rubbing as he watched Mrs. Claus expertly swirling her tongue around the tip of Santa's dick and sucking hard. She bobbed her head quickly, and deep throated her husband, as he pulled on his wife's nipples and rolled them between his fingers, thrusting deep into her throat. What a find, Jack thought, though Mrs. Claus didn't seem to be enjoying as much.

Watching, Jack pumped his own dick faster, as Santa pushed his wife back and turned her so that she was on all fours, her round plump ass raised towards her husband's dick. Santa grabbed her hips and thrust into her pussy hard causing Mrs. Claus to cry out in pain. Without any hesitation, Santa pounded into his wife at a frenzied pace. Mrs. Claus grimaced and dug her fingers into the floor, her eyes squeezed shut. after another short moment, Santa pulled out and spurts of thick cum squirted over Mrs. Claus' ass. At the same time, Jack emptied his own load down into the snow beneath him. With a smack to her ass, Santa disappeared form the room, leaving Mrs. Claus to clean herself up. Well that's no fair, Jack Frost thought to himself. Mrs. Claus didn't enjoy that. I shall come back tonight and show her. And with that, he was gone.

A few hours later, now cleaned up, Jack Frost returned to Santa's house. The lights were out and the house was quiet. Nothing stirred, not even a mouse. Jack tried the front door and found that it was unlocked. Giggling, he let himself inside.

They should really lock this, Jack thought, as he quietly entered the house.

Jack floated up the large staircase and navigated through the house, finally finding himself at the master bedroom. Inside, Santa and Mrs. Claus were sleeping on their large bed. Jack floated over making sure they were both sound asleep before he pulled down the covers over Mrs. Claus. Beneath the covers, much to Jack's delights, she was naked. Gleefully, Jack blew a small gust of wind down his own body, his icy clothes disappearing, his cock already rock hard. Then, he blew more softly over Mrs. Claus' body. She shivered slightly, her nipples starting to perk up. Another blow, and they were nice and erect.

Jack floated over towards Mrs. Claus head, pushing her hair off of her face. She seemed deep asleep, with slow soft breaths, and her mouth hanging slightly open. Grinning, Jack traced Mrs. Claus lips with his cock before gently pushing into her mouth. He sighed softly feeling her tongue brush across the sensitive skin as he slowly thrusted in and out of her supple mouth. Suddenly, Mrs. Claus began to suck on Jack's dick, making him quietly swallow a gasp. Not wanting to wake her, Jack didn't linger in her mouth, but instead pulled away letting Mrs. Claus fall back into a deeper sleep. Then, her moved to her chest and ran his tongue over one of her nipples, circling around it before sucking gently. With his other hand, he used his palm to rub circles over the nipple, causing it to become very hard. Using his thumb, he rubbed the nipple side to side while flicking her other nipple with his tongue. A small, satisfied sigh escaped Mrs. Claus' lips, and Jack happily lapped and sucked at her nipple. He felt her shift her body a bit, and Jack looked down as Mrs. Claus had spread her legs apart. He looked up, making sure she was still sleeping and then settled himself between her legs.

Mrs. Claus' pussy was shaved clean, and glistening from her excitement. Jack moaned softly running a finger down her slit and back up, then he licked his finger. She tasted like candy. He ran his finger down her slit once more, but this time he pushed slowly inside of her pussy until his whole finger was inside. Jack moved his finger in and out of Mrs. Claus slowly, feeling her wetness, spreading it around her clit, and then he pushed two fingers inside of her. Moving his fingers faster, he felt her tightness wrapped around them, clenching and un-clenching, and another moan escaped Mrs. Claus' lips. At that, Jack pushed a third finger inside of her dripping pussy, moving in and out of her quickly. Leaning forward, Jack swirled his tongue over her clit, flicking it up and down, side to side. Stroking her g-spot with his fingers, Jack sucked hard on her clit as Mrs. Claus tensed her whole body. A strong orgasm rocked through her, and her breathing was rapid, but Jack continued to fuck her with his fingers and sucking on her clit until she stopped shaking as much, letting her ride it out, and then he pulled his fingers free from her.

Jack then got on his knees, pulling Mrs. Claus' knees up a little and placed is 11' cock at the entrance to her pussy, rubbing it over her clit before starting to push into her. She was so tight and gave some resistance, but with a persistent push, Jack was deep inside of Mrs. Claus, who at that, sat up in fright.

"Who's there?" She whispered. Jack smiled, knowing she couldn't see him, and thrusted once inside of her. Mrs. Claus bit back a moan, her face shocked. "What's going on?" she asked more to herself. She glanced over at her husband, who was fast asleep and snoring loudly. Just as she reached over to wake him, Jack reached up and started flicking her nipple with his cold fingers. Mrs. Claus jumped and looked down at her tits, her nipple seeming to move by itself. "Oh...oh my..." she gasped and leaned back a bit. Jack thrusted into her again, and she closed her eyes. He thrusted again but kept going at a medium pace, rubbing her nipples and watching her moan and squirm beneath her "invisible" attacker.

"Oh...oh my gosh...uh...uh...oh yeah..." Mrs. Claus moaned turning her head side to side, her nails digging into the bed, and pinching and rubbing her other nipple, as Jack started ramming inside of her soaking wet pussy. Jack moved his hand away from her tit, steadying himself with one arm to keep thrusting, and used his other hand to rub her clit, matching his rapid thrusting.

"I'm going to cum...oh...yeah...oh please..." Mrs. Claus bit her lip hard, trying to cover her moan as she came, her body shaking. Jack pinched her clit, rolling it between his fingers sending her into another orgasm just as he emptied himself into her throbbing pussy. They both laid there for a moment, breathing heavily before Jack pulled his dick out of her. Floating up and towards the door, he turned and watched as Mrs. Claus sat up and looked down over her body, only to see a bit of snow on the bed between her legs and covering her pussy.

Giggling, Jack Frost left floating out on the air currents.