 *Author's note: All participants in this story are 19 and older.

This story has a slow start and looks into characters' backstories before sex scenes, so if you are looking for immediate action the first few chapters won't be for you.

Jewel

*

Hunched over and out of breath Jewel attempted to steady her heart rate, wiping the sweat from her brow she stood up and took in the sun setting over the bayou. Practicing earth magic never gave her the rush that Spirit magic did, she didn't lose track of time and experience the feeling of power coursing throughout her entire being. Jewel could literally use her essence to reach out to everything around her, Spirit magic was the only thing that made her feel alive in this hell hole she called home. Probably the reason why her coven forbid it, those stuck up holier than thou Ainud witches liked to ruin everything, 'The practice of Spiritus: FORBIDDEN, Baring skin above the knee and below the elbow: FORBIDDEN, The use of impure modern technology for pleasure: FORBIDDEN, and above all most importantly Never EVER miss the evening Rumination'. That above all else was forbidden, it was believed that her coven's evening gatherings were a way to meditate and remain calibrated with the Earth's energies, one's absence could only be excused by The Head Kah Elder... her grandfather. Despite all these things here Jewel stood in the middle of the marshy swamp letting the tingly remains of Spiritus leave her body, her long flowy skirt twisted and knotted up to her toned dark thighs, and all only a half hour before she was due at evening Rumination. And besides... She was pretty sure that the fancy laptop and 4K flat screen in her granddaddy's office was impure modern technology.

Taking one last look around at the purple and gold horizon Jewel took the scrunchie off her wrist and bunched her dark bra length braids into a messy bun and took off through the woods, if she ran fast enough she'd have enough time tidy up just before they shut the doors. Every day after lunch she would slip off and wander to the same spot just on the edge of the bayou, it was about two miles south of her coven's settlement. Spiritus had such a strong aura that it was a necessity for her to travel so far so that she wouldn't be detected, her grandfather would surely die if he found out his little Jewel was playing with the dark stuff. At least today she wouldn't be late; she'd make it on time. Jewel's young legs carried her swiftly down an overgrown path in between the trees that shielded her settlement from the outside world's prying eyes. As the gates of her settlement came into view she slowed down to a jog, untied her skirt smoothing out some wrinkles and shook out her braids.

Once she approached the front gates a handsome middle aged man... what was his name? ... Ahndre? Yea, Ahndre, the guy who just joined their coven. He was on sentry duty and he gave her a disapproving glance with his eyebrows raised. She returned this look with a sugary sweet smile that exposed a set of perfect white teeth and a set of dimples. Shaking his head with a chuckle he admired her retreating figure, a narrow waist, full hips, an ample bottom, and all supported on strong toned legs that he got a glimpse of when she thought nobody was watching her return from her runs through the woods. Man, Ahndre was gonna have to ask The Head Kah Elder about his granddaughter. He'd heard that she was a handful but he had a good pair of hands that were ready, she was about that age too, and how much trouble could the girl be she looked about 5'4. She'd make him a good wife, pretty and blood to powerful people? Oh yea, she'd do just fine. Moving out to Louisiana to join the Ainud turned out to be a good move.

Jewel splashed cold water on her face and studied her reflection through long wet lashes. Big dark soulful eyes looked back at her asking her the same question she asked them. What are you doing here? Do you want this? To be here? Where will you go? Who can offer you this freedom? All her questions were being reflected back at her all unanswered. Grabbing a towel she dabbed the droplets from her face and continued her appraisal. Her long dark braids framed her heart shaped face and complimented her mocha completion, she was pretty enough, beautiful even, but nothing like the fabled glory of the elven folk, but for a small settlement in Louisiana she was the belle of the ball. Full lips sat in a natural pout that would give way to a breath taking smile at a moments' notice, a round pert nose sat delicately between a set of expressive eyes that hid nothing and often displayed that she was up to no good. The icing on the cake were her dimples, if she flashed a smile at her granddaddy all her previous transgressions were forgiven and anything she could ask for in that moment would be hers. Unfortunately The Kah Elder caught on to her antics and would dismiss her as soon as she answered for her sins.

Glancing at the clock on the wall 5:56pm "Shit!" she'd got lost in thought and was gonna be late to Rumination, again. Bursting through the front door and rushing down the front steps Jewel sprinted as fast as her ankle length skirt would allow tripping on loose cobblestones here and there, racing uphill towards the sound of the large wooden temple doors closing she made a final mad dash that could have earned her a spot next to Allyson Felix, the closing doors came into view and Jewel went to lunge up the steps to grasp onto the iron handles. Instead the thong of her left sandal got caught on the lip of the first step and sent her careening face first onto the temple steps, throwing her arms out to protect her face Jewel was able to soften her landing but managed to scrape her palms and bloody her shin. Her inspection was interrupted by the sound out the great oak doors slamming in her face.

"Well, at least granddaddy can't call this a bullshit excuse."

Jewel dusted her hands off and looked around for her left sandal; it lay broken at the bottom of the steps. *sigh* She took off her right shoe, paired it with her left and chucked them into the bushes, shimmying her skirt so that it sat low on her hips covering her bare feet, perfect.

Deafening... that's the only way to properly describe the sound of the giant oak door opening in the middle of The Head Kah Elder's devotion, Jewel's stomach sank to the ground as literally hundreds of pairs of eyes turned to stare. The only ones that really had any impact were the old brown belonging to her granddaddy and they were sending rays of disappointment from behind the dais. Jewel muttered curses under her breath as she waited to be formally acknowledged by The Elder.

"Jewel Mynon, it's quite nice of you to grace us with your presence, please do have a seat amongst your Ainud brothers and sisters. Any seat that pleases you is fine."

And just like that she'd been dismissed, hundreds of head swiveled back around all except for one. Ahndre kept watching as Jewel sat on the very last pew to the right of the doors and as she sat her skirt slid up her shins revealing bare feet. As she looked around her eyes fell on him and he gave her a broad grin, she rewarded him a finger showing him how she felt. Oh most definitely. Ahndre knew he would be just the man to wrangle her in she just needed a firm hand, The Elder was many in years and probably lacked what it took to keep women like Jewel in line. But Ahndre was determined and tomorrow he would request an audience with The Head Kah Elder to ask for his granddaughter.

"Jewel I will ask you this only once and I want the truth. Why were you late to evening Rumination? This is something we do every day. When you were younger you used to love coming to the Temple and-...."

The Kah Elder sat at his shiny desk peering at Jewel over the rim of his glasses thrumming his fingers on the slick wood putting on a façade of impatience. Jewel knew that under her granddaddy's imposing exterior was a big ol softy, after all her momma had been his only girl and had a special spot in his heart, when her parents and family died years ago from the Plague that wiped out thousands of Magi folk Jewel became all the more precious to him. She was literally his last of kin and was the only one who could continue the Mynon line of Ainud witches and hopefully take his place as The Head Kah. Sure The Elder could probably take a new wife but he was an old man and didn't have time for bottles and burping, he just really needed Jewel to get it together.

"JEWEL YVONNE MYNON, PAY ATTENTION! My goodness child the least you can do is offer me an explanation and I don't want no damn excuses... got me all out of breath. You know I'm old child! Speak!"

Jewel was about to put on a performance that would have Viola Davis shook.

"Well, granddaddy the truth is... I was on my way but my stomach was feeling kinda funny. I ain't wanna be all embarrassed if I had an accident or ya know... so after I w-went to the bathroom I ran to the Temple but the doors had just closed."

Lowering her lashes, attempting to look ashamed, she waited for her dismissal.

"So why you got grass in ya hair girl? And where them sandals you been bothering me about? I spend good money on you and ya walk round here looking like a chicken. Got folks questioning me."

"I like chicken..."

"I ain't playing with you Jewel."

Okay time to get serious, she could hear his patience leaving his body with every breath.

"Alright, alright! I was running late, and I almost made it here except I feel and broke my sandal... and busted up my shin pretty bad."

Her grandfather's face immediately filled with concern.

"Lemme see. It can't be too bad since you standing here."

Jewel hiked her skirt up to expose her shapely calf marred by a shin that was covered in scabs and congealed bloody gouges.

"Dammit girl how'd you get to be so clumsy? That sho is ya daddy in you cus ya momma was so graceful. Go on and see the healer. I'll be home round 9 or so."

Jewel couldn't help but laugh at his jokes, and he claimed she was the smartass.

"Ok granddaddy, love ya." She turned to exit his heavily febreezed office.

"Now wait a second Jewel! Come round my desk for a second."

Oh lord... he could probably still feel the Spiritus clinging to her aura and is finally seeing through all her excuses, she timidly turned to peek over her shoulder "uh, yes?" crooking his index finger The Elder silently motioned her over. Jewel shuffled reluctantly to stand about an arm's length away she felt her heart pounding in her ears and watched as her granddaddy reached into his desk drawer.

"Here you go baby girl," he pulled out his wallet and produced some bills, "take this, go out and get ya 'self some new sandals tomorrow, I'll arrange for an escort into town... and don't worry bout Rumination. I'll ask The Head Kah Elder to pardon you." Finishing with a wink he motioned her towards the door.

Jewel waited until the office door was closed behind her before she looked down at the bills that he had pressed into her hand, a dozen faces of Benjamin Franklin's smug expression stared back at her. Tomorrow would be a great day, she could relax, she had a legitimate excuse to miss Rumination, and she could go into town! Sometimes being related to the most powerful man in your coven had its perks. Humming a happy tune, Jewel skipped to the healers lodge thinking of all the stores she wanted to stop by in the morning.

Ahndre

Ahndre zipped up his jacket and headed out the front door, he needed some fresh air to help him think. Ever since he joined the Ainud coven he'd constantly asked himself what he was doing there, yes he had a plan, but damn this place was boring. You couldn't do shit but breathe and blink, he had to smuggle his IPhone into the settlement and could barely use it due to all the damn trees. This was nothing like back home, but he would make it work, starting with Jewel, she was just what he needed, a little excitement.

"Well speak of the devil."

Just as he wondered what Jewel might be doing at this hour here she was sashaying down the street after dark in nothing but a thin white tank top, a bright yellow skirt, and to top it off she still didn't have on any shoes. It was the middle of September and the air was chilly, she didn't even look like the weather was bothering her, a huge grin plastered on her face and the deepest set of dimples showing. The only indication that the temperature had any effect on her were the twin buds poking proudly through her top, Ahndre could only imagine how they would feel in his hands, better yet his mouth. He could picture her ripe mocha handfuls being topped with dark chocolate kisses, sweet to the taste, sensitive to his touch, and in that moment Ahndre's walk led him to the settlement's business park. He looked up at the large glowing directory 'Mynon Ainud Business Plaza' and headed to building '4859 Leonard J. Mynon Offices', he had some business to attend to.

Leonard

Modern technology polluted the mind, dulled the senses, and therefore would tarnish the aura and weaken one's connection to the Earth's energies but Leonard needed his television, laptop, and smartphone. How else was the settlement supposed to stay updated on current events, be prepared during hurricane season, and stay in contact with neighboring covens? These things are essential to a man in his position, being The Head Kah Elder is no small task. Leonard logged off his computer grabbed his brief case and headed towards the door, it was getting late and he'd promised his granddaughter that he would be home by nine. What was he going to do with that child, he was getting too old to keep up with her shinanigans, she was nearly twenty and still running around like a pre-teen. Soon he would need someone to take his place, to keep up traditions, and to continue the powerful Mynon bloodline. First thing tomorrow Leonard planned to arrange an escort for his spoiled little pumpkin and to see about a nice young man to take her off of his hands and give him some great grandbabies; he wanted to be alive at least to see the first healing spell. Grabbing his Cardigan off of the coat rack he headed towards the door.

Just as Leonard opened the door he came crashing into a solid wall, well what could pass for a solid wall, by no means was he a small man but whoever this was gave him a run for his money. Looking up a few inches Leonard met the worried eyes of the newest member of their coven, Ahndre Simons. Ahndre had been a part of the coven for almost three months, he seemed like a pretty decent fellow, helpful when needed quiet and out of the way if not, and he seemed real popular amongst the coven, especially the young women. Only problem is what the hell does he want with The Head Kah Elder at such an hour? Hopefully he didn't still have any last minute paperwork from the Larommi coven that needed to be processed.

"G-Good evening K-Kah Elder, I didn't mean to bump into you! I just needed a moment of your time, it's very important and I think it would benefit you to hear me out."

Oh this better be good this ballsy motherfucker had the nerve to address The Head Kah Elder without requesting an audience,

"Well speak up, it better be good son."

Ahndre

This was his chance; he knew it was inappropriate to go before The Kah Elder without requesting an audience but this couldn't wait, putting on his game face he began to act.

"S-sir, it's about your granddaughter."

Immediately Leonard's face grew dark and serious.

"What is it boy? Is she in trouble? What'd she do now?"

"Jewel is fine and as far as the other guards on patrol are concerned she hasn't done anything... yet." The Kah Elder let visibly relaxed and let out a breath he probably didn't even know that he was holding.

"Oh, yes. I'm quite familiar with Jewel's shenanigans, but she means well. Just a little adventurous like her mother was. Well Ahndre, if she isn't in trouble, why are you here?"

"I wish to marry her."

Ahndre swore he heard the old man's heart stop and restart, this wasn't the reaction he expected but at least he wasn't being thrown out on his ass. This was a good sign, now if only the old fucker would say something instead of staring at him. What felt like eons was only a few moments.

"Is this something she has agreed too?"

"No Kah Elder, was haven't officially met, I've only seen her around the settlement and it's impossible not to sense her aura, it's nearly as strong as yours."

"So you mean to tell me... that you want to marry my Jewel... and she doesn't even know you..."

"Kah Elder, I ca-"

"Why should I allow you, an outsider, to taint my family's power with you outside magic? The Mynons have been a pure Earth magic Ainud coven for nearly three centuries! My great-great grandfather founded this coven, over the years we have made it successful, we have made it strong, we have created the very place that you've decided to flee to in order to escape the madness of the Larommi, and you stand here 'wishing' to marry my granddaughter? Keep wishing boy, because she doesn't even know of your existence."

"I understand your reluctance in the matter Kah Elder, but I can assure you I would be plenty capable of maintain- NO, expanding the settlement and the coven. The Mynons are not the only ones meant for greatness Elder."

"Do you truly believe that you are destined for greatness? Do you know who I am, are you aware of the things I have done and what I am capable of?"

The old man was right he was powerful, almost a living legend. But as they say 'all things go' and the old man was just as strong as he was weak. The great man was passed his prime and ready to go, if one really focused you could definitely sense his aura ebbing away. His influence didn't reach to the corners of the continent anymore, as soon as word spread to his homeland that The Ainud Kah Elder was ailing a mad scramble for power begin, hence the reason he joined the Ainud coven under the guise of a new found appreciation for earth magic. Earth magic was a joke, no one could possibly live up to their potential practicing the craft, but that would make it all the easier for Ahndre when he was ready to take over. How would anyone be able to stop him with their earth magic when he had mastered the dark art of Spiritus.