 The taste of an angels tear is said to hold damnation. To me it was only salty. I also needed a vessel. Something in which to pour my power that could not be taken, corrupted, or poisoned by the Lords of Hell whom would seek it. Aqua had started me on this path and by her tones of late, I am far beyond her ability to see the future of. 

Evelena retreats from the table to stand quivering at the opposite me. I ask Scelene if she is alright mentally but only get fluffy murmurs in reply. I find a clarifying point in my self awareness. I have been adapting to the women in my harem, I was now the one they would have to adapt too. I have come to a nexus in evolution very few if any have dared to travel. 

"Follow me, Evelena." I say turning and walking for the stairs.

I don't need to look back you know she is falling in step, I can feel them all. Cross, the Huntress, Omneu, Conium, Tempis and all the others, accept Crys. I can feel where she should be but she is protected from me. Being with child I understand and accept it. I make my way over to the smaller of the ships at the sea wall. 

"Unisilix?" I call as I step to the deck.

"Nameless? You have final come for me?" Unisilix asks.

""You are a child of the thrown?" I ask.

"I have said as much. Will you ransom me?" She asks cowering from the angel.

"Evelena hide your aura." I order. "I have questions." 

"About the Drow?" Unisilix asks.

"About Darksky, your enclave? What are their exports? What of the surface world would they find of most worth? Things of that nature. I don't ask you sell out your people, just act as a sells rep on their behalf. I will need dark goods and you need an alluring reason to be aloud to return. Do I understand your position correctly?" I ask.

"How do you come to such insights?" Unisilix asks trembling at my proximity.

"A logical assessment of the facts. Stop with the fear. Have I threatened you, do I bare weapons against you?" I ask.

Evelena snickers, "She is attracted to you. Greatly. Reason enough to fear any man."

"Silence, Fallen. Who are you to talk about attractions. Following yours has brought you to this servitude." Unisilix growls.

"Enough! Both of you will be silent." I bark. "I have some understanding of Drow Matriarchs. You're a Queens daughter, but will never see the thrown yourself unless you make one of your own. That takes power and money, even in the dark. You broke from your mother for your freedom to do just that. You can't use her name and can't be welcome back in the enclave without a great prize. Your mother would lose face if she just let you slink home." 

"How could you know such things?" Unisilix mumbles.

"I wasn't finished speaking!" I growl, "Evelena, she has a point. Your seeking pleasure from women is what brought about your capture. The demon house that held you both had the right idea but the lack of understanding a mortal pervert has. You two will be lovers." 

"Sacrilege!" Evelena barks.

"She is not touching me!" Unisilix rattles.

"But Unisilix, what if you had a think cock to punish her holy-ass with?" I ask.

Both go still and silent. 

"I could paint feral ruins on you that would allow you to have a thick male tool." I says extending a chain with dildo at it's end and slide it between her legs into position, "Look at her eyes now." 

Evelena is panting, visible aroused by the sight of a athletic female body with a male phallus.

"You'd suck her cock, wouldn't you Evelena?" I ask.

"Can I, please?" Evelena begs. 

"Unisilix, can she suck your cock?" 

"But I don't have a cock, that's just your chain-toy." Unisilix mutters.

"Evelena suck it!" I say.

Evelena quickly grabs Unisilix and swallows the phallus. Unisilix goes rigid as she starts panting. I take the dildo away and Evelena whimpers and starts kissing her way up Unisilix's body until she is lip locked with Unisilix. The drow quivers as her body reacts to the pleasures her mind envision. 

"Shall I ready that spell for you?" I asks in Unisilix ear.

Her only reply is a moan.

"You know where to find me when the two of you are done." I say walking out of the room.

Walking back to the villa I feel the hold of my new aura starting to slip. Anger is my enemy. I think of happier things as I seek to get a handle of this. Entering the villa, my Huntress stand battle ready with their Grelask at there shoulders. I ready my gear and follow them through the ether to the plains of hell. My aura holds the back the dark energies, preventing injury to my body. 

"Lord, I have found a few candidates for your consideration." Omneu says shimmering to my side.

"That was fast. I just got here." I say turning towards him. 

"I could feel you coming, Lord." Omneu says.

"Would that be noticeable by those not of my house?" I ask.

"Only if they cared to look." Omneu answers.

"You'll have to explain that to me later. In the mean time, what do you have for me?" I ask.

"A Balor, an alu-fiend and an Armanite." Omneu says.

"Balor? Armanite? These demons don't just pony up loyalty. Why would they even think of serving a human Lorded House?" I ask.

"Because I haven't told them." Omneu says. "Call it a test of your skills, Lord." 

"I will rip you to pieces for this." I say.

"No, you won't. Winning these minions will put fear in other houses. I am not doing this to challenge you for power, but for you to prove to the rest what I already know, Lord." Omneu says.

"Did you clear this with the Huntress?" I ask.

"Prizm agreed with my assessment." Omneu says.

"I can see I need to have a talk with her as well." I says, "Bring the Balor first."

Omneu brings the Balor demon over. The most obvious thing is that it is blind. The jagged scar running across it's face highlighted by the damaged horns. Fresh scars along his arms and legs telling the blindness is a recent affliction. The scowl that crosses his face when he catches scent of me isn't a promising sign. Seven foot tall wall of muscle demon vs. my 210 lbs. human self. Even blind this demon could kill me in less time than it would take me to realize I was dead. 

"He no lie, you human." The Balor says.

"I am, your kind are not prone to seeking a house. Why come to me, a human?" I ask.

"I sent out here to die. I one of most powerful of my kind. It took ten demons to do this to me. Only three of them survive their assault. I was made to be joke. You have Lexus. House is said to be joke. You no act like dirt sucking mage. You have plan. You want Lexus not be joke. You give me place, help me see, and not go back on word to make Lexus great house, I serve." The Balor says.

"They say Lexus is a joke? You will serve and help me make them eat those words?" I ask.

"They try make joke of me. I serve, help you rise above them. Make them regret thinking Lexus a joke and prove to everyone of them they mess with wrong demon. You stay true to house, you never have to question loyalty." The Balor says.

"You are a warrior. How will you judge my loyalty? I have no want to battle on the plains of hell. I have no want for anything of hell. My Huntress and their warriors will hunt souls in the living world. I will buy power from others. I will destroy those that bring battle to my doors but I will not seek it. As a warrior, can you live as a guard and gladiator of Lexus?" I ask.

"I will serve." The Balor says.

"Give me your name and I will name you again in the service of Lexus." I order.

Only a moment hesitation, but he speaks his true name.

"Truly a proud name. I name you Enigmus Gladiator of Lexus, will you serve?" I ask loudly.

"I Enigmus serve House Lexus as Gladiator!" He announces.

"Stay with me, Galiator, I have others to speak to. I would here your thoughts about letting them join the house you now defend." I say, "Omneu bring the Armanite."

Omneu bows and walks off. I stand with the Balor. He doesn't question or even seem to give me any thought at all. His visage unreadable but the feel from him is unsure, almost fearful keeping his attention on my movements. I stop facing the Balor.

"Gladiator, what is your favored weapon?" I ask.

"Great Axe, Lord." Enigmus answers.

"Prizm!" I yell causing the Balor to flinch and Omneu to stop in his tracks with the Armanite.

"Yes, Lord." She says appearing close by.

"You have overstepped your place in this house! A thing I can forgive, but you will preform a service to the house as punishment for your lack of trust." I say somewhat angrily.

"I understand, my Lord. I think only for the house. Do as you will with me." she says head bowed.

"I don't care if he has been slain in service to this house or stands victorious over the vanquished. The Gladiator of Lexus must always have an Axe in his hand. You will get our Galdiator a Great Axe and you will do it now. You will make yourself available for my bed this night as well. You will please me for what you have done. If you do not, I will have to rethink your place in my house and whether you are still worth of a place in my bed. Go now, to your task." I order in front of the rest of them.

"Lord, the Armanite." Omneu says after Prizm has faded from view.

"You are one of the Armored Centurion? You have no armor, carry no weapon, and hold no tribute to offer other than yourself? Why should Lexus take into it's house one such as you?" I ask.

"I can bring others to your house. Many in fact." It says.

"You were the short straw? How many would come?" I ask hostilely.

"A battalion." He answers.

"Go back to your commander. If he wishes to make an offer to House Lexus, he must do it himself. If he is to embarrassed to deal with us directly we have no need of his ilk. If he wishes to make tribute and join his command to my house, bring me succubus." I say, "We are done."

"I could not stand against a battalion, Lord." Enigmus says.

"You wouldn't stand alone if it came to that. The House would stand shoulder to shoulder with you." I say walking towards Omneu. "Bring the fiend over. I'm sure she has been listening in."

"Yes, Lord." Omneu says.

An alu is second generation succu-incubus. Not a full demon like the parent but still embodying the craving of sexual fulfillment. This one is battered and scared. Her goblin form is rather striking, even in this state. She steps forward keeping as much of herself covered as her tattered clothing can manage.

"Greetings, Lord of Lexus." She says with a bow.

"You come to me hiding what you are?" I ask.

"I have no house. I have been branded and marked as a pig or worse. None want me. I have much to offer a house, if any would give me a chance." She says.

"Stand forth. Leave the coverings behind. Show me what you are behind the shame placed on your skin. If you can do this, I may have a place for you." I say stepping towards her.

Everything about her body language changed. She threw away the tattered clothing and stepped fully nude in front of me. Her alluringly female body rivaling any in my harem. The brandings and scars were meant to make her unattractive. It worked, but not unrepairable. 

"Beyond your body, what do you offer Lexus?" I ask stepping close and feeling her up.

"The dark of the living world. But in a way that would inspire loyalty, not raise a horde of rabble." She says leaning into my touch. 

"What do you think Galdiator?" I ask.

"May I touch?" Engimus asks.

I hold her eyes and push her back into him. "Touch." 

He is gentle but very thorough. He feels the tone of her legs and arms. Runs his hands along the length of her body. He grunts approval as his hands encircle the roundness of her breasts. She holds my eyes but I can see the pleasure she is feeling from this groping by the Balor. I look away as Prizm comes in a scowl crossing my features.

"I return, Lord." Prizm says taking a knee in front of me.

"Hold, Enigmus. Your hands are empty." I say to Prizm.

"I could not carry all I have gathered. It is for the Champion to decide what he will wield, Lord." Prizm says. "Sisters bring forth my offerings." 

The other huntress come before me carrying two axes each. Each ax was obviously weighted and edged differently. Prizm takes one at a time to offer Enigmus. As a gladiator he steps through a number of attacks. Of the offered axes he wants three of them, the last he hurls into the distance. 

"Lord, I like the feel of these axes. I can't say they look like anything, but I am about my actions, so I will yield to you which looks better for your house Champion." Enigmus says. 

"Use them all. I will have proper ones forged based on those." I say. "Alu you have a place. You will stay with the House Gladiator for the time being. You will gain a name and place in this house if he feels you have been a proper companion for him in this time of transition. Enigmus, she is your page, not your toy. Treat her well and if she serves well speak it. If she is not don't hold back in the hopes of pleasurable company. I will give to those that think of the house, like my huntress. She put herself in a bad position with me to prove she is thinking for the house. She has gained favor for doing so. Stand against me for the house be rewarded, do so for your own position and I will make you wish you were the slave of some other house. Huntress we hunt. Omneu, if the Armanite grow balls enough to make an appearance they will have to wait." 

"Yes, Lord." Omneu answers with a bow.

I turn and stalk out into the plains of hell. More than just a small part of me is screaming in fear. I larger part of myself is hungry for something to kill. The Grelask take point as we range across the plains. A number of things look like they are going to square off with us. All of them punk out and run before we can even draw a weapon.

"It isn't hunting if the prey is to scared to even run." I say stepping to the edge of one of the razor ridges over looking the lava rivers. 

"You are to menacing for the denizens of the wild, Lord." Prizm says.

"Hence what we are here for. A vessel to house the extra power. Huntress, check the flows for a crystal formation. Spread out and search, my time here is waning." I say.

It takes longer than I would have liked. But they find a crystalline formation in one of the deeper flows. A wrangling of magic and I free it from the boiling river. Bringing all of us back the the prime plane is almost more than I can handle. I have burned through all of the feral energy they have given me and more.

Before anyone had to much of a chance to start asking questions I grab Prizm and head for the bedroom. I toss her around rather effortlessly. Strip her out of her armor and fuck her until she is dizzy. Not love making, rutting! A hold her down cunt slamming that leaves her panting and quivering. It does little to sate my hunger. Chareese and Jezabell get the same treatment. Again they are pleasured beyond the ability to stand and I am left wanting.

Part of me tries to think of another way but the rest of me is on a pussy hunt. Cross, Scelene, Nix, Unisilix, Evelena, the succubus Conium and the new Alu-fiend. I fuck them all into a girly panting puddles of orgasms and still hunger for more. Crys step out in front of me. Her eyes are wanting. But the curve of her abdomen gives me pause.

"Nameless, I need you." She whimpers.

"I don't want to hurt you." I reply.

"Then don't hurt me. You are stronger than your urges. Focus on your prize. Why did you do all of this? Wasn't there a reason? Have you forgotten?" She purrs as she drops to her knees in front of me.

"The vessel!?" I breath as she swallows my raging hard on in one gulp.

I let her suck at her own pace. All the wants or urges to take a hold of her I channel into enchanting the crystalline tree. I weave feral and traditional magics into it. Push all the extra feral energy from me form into it. That done the sensations of Crys cock worshiping become the only thing I can feel. The rush triggers a huge orgasm. I cum hard and in great quantity. She gobbles it down, in mewing satisfaction. 

"Thank you, my Lord. Remember your other duties." Crys purrs as she lick her lips and retreats from the room. 

"Ever the beautiful adviser, Lady Crys." I say.

"Would you love anything less?" Crys asks.

"None of you are things. But you're right." I say walking to the balcony.

I stand at the edge of three worlds, I hold a name in four courts, and will forge a path into the coming days by my own will. How much further do I dare? To what law or rule will I hold myself? Beyond the meddling of Gods, out of the reach of Demons, and untouchable to the pawing hands of any mortal. Aqua feared the rise of a dark power. I can feel what she feared and have become that power. But I am not dark nor am I light. I am Nameless, Lord of Lexus, Consort of the Mer-Queen, Lord of the Nameless Ilse and soon to be Father.

"Wow you look good. They warned me but it hardly seems they spoke clearly enough." Oasis says from behind me.

"What brings you here, Oasis?" I ask turning to look at her.

"Scelene called me. Said you needed the 'make a man of you' spell." Oasis says.

"Always one step ahead of me. I have a question." I say stepping closer to her.

"I am yours. Ask what ever you will of me." Oasis says fear edging into her eyes.

"If I asked, would you fuck a devil?" I ask looking her in the eyes.

"I would." She whispers.

"He is not unsightly. I think you would rather enjoy his enjoy his company. He will not harm your mind, body, or soul. Would you meet with him?" I ask.

"Yes." She answers a little less timidly.

"Omneu, come here please." I say clearly.

"I am summoned?" Omneu says appearing at my side. A small gasp from Oasis is all I needed to hear.

"Omneu, this is Oasis. She is mine. I will share her with you. Do not damage her in any way or impregnate her. From the look in her eyes she is willing to pleasure you. She enjoys a stern hand, gentle caress, and thick cock. Does she look acceptable for this purpose?" I ask.

"Acceptable? She is a lovely creature. I would be honored to take pleasure with one such as this. My Lord is very generous. Lady Oasis, will you have pleasure with me?" He asks holding his hand out.

"Take me." She breaths on the edge of orgasm.

I watch as they leave the room, each holding other anticipating whats going to happen. I take the spell and commit it to memory. It takes less time then I had figured on but perhaps that is because I have used it before. I also go through the tattoos I pulled off of the other women. I find a handful that look suitable for what I am going to do.

Tracking down the drow and angel isn't difficult. Seeing the looks of hatred passing between them is not what I had hoped for. I just let them seethe as I lay out the tattoos. Unisilix is the first to step over to see what I am doing. 

"Are you ready to become a proper cock wielder?" I ask.

"I still don't understand how that is gong to work. Especially if I am going to remain female and drow." Unisilix says looking skeptically at the tattoos.

"I'm a mage with a twisted sense of things. I think you'll get it and she'll be all over you again." I say pointing at Evelena. 

"She hates that she likes the taste of me. How is that going to change?" Uni says stepping away.

"That will change. But first I make you." I say.

"Make her? Make her what?" Evelena asks.

"Someone desirable to you that you won't feel ashamed to touch." I say putting the first tattoo on her.

Evelena watches as I lay tattoo and tattoo over Unisilix's skin. I arrange them in a aesthetically pleasing way. Once done I activate them, tuning each to be pleasing to Unisilix, and not blinding her to the sensations of others. She has a content smile as she looks up at me. Pawing at my crock to get me between her eager lips. 
