 ***

Sarkopheros Says:

If you read my last foreword, you know I wasn't sure if this story would be well-received. The people spoke, and you wanted more Jedi Jae! Plus, I wanted to write more. This story is funny to write. And sexy, of course.

Anyway, same tropes/kinks as before, but I ramped things up for this one. There is one sequence which I don't know how it will be received, but it involves all-the-way-through. Not in a gory way, more in a ... "living cocksleeve" way.

More notes at the end. Enjoy!

***

Whrrrrrrmmm. The turbolift descended toward the fray.

They could both hear the comm traffic. "Ooooohh! Bloody hell! I can't even— AAAAHHH!"

"Oh. Oh. Ooh. Oh no!" Then the nasty, liquid sound ... gloooooorch!

The guardswomen looked at each other.

"It sounds bad out there," commented Kenta. She was darker, shorter, and less braided than Estin.

More chatter. "Oh my fuck, it's coming right for me!"

Estin nodded in assent. "I don't understand how a Jedi even got onto the ship. It doesn't make sense."

"And I thought Jedi were chaste," said Kenta.

"Right now, we're the ones being chased," countered Estin, removing her goggles from their compartment.

Kenta continued. "How can such a Jedi even exist? How can the light side do this?"

The radio squawked again. "This is Captain Torvast. I know things are looking bad, ladies. I know that that thing is gigantic. But this is a Harrower-class dreadnought! The hammer of the Empire! So what if he's already fucked most of the crew?! He's just one puny Jedi with a puny plan!"

"Light side?" Estin repeated. She put on her goggles "Right now, I'd be more worried about your backside."

"Yeeaaaahh!" screamed a woman on the radio. Splooort, sploooort, came the gooey punctuation.

KCHUNK. The turbolift reached the deck the Jedi was currently assaulting.

Chik. Chik. The women readied their blasters. The door slid open. They were greeted by—

GLOOORSCH! A wall of torrid white slammed into them. Hot, goopy liquid swirled around their bodies. Their blasters were torn from their hands by the tsunami, their bodies flailing as they were carried out of the elevator. The goo filled their mouths, saturated their hair, seeped into their armor. The women gurgled and gargled sperm.

"Hrrkghhhrrrll!"

"Ghrrurgghll!"

And the taste! If an orgy could have a flavor, if male potency had a taste, this was surely it! Estin couldn't see anything, even with her goggles.

Abruptly, she broke the surface. She gasped for air. "Huuuugh!" The trooper wiped her lenses off. The sight that greeted her made her gasp in addition to the gasping she was already doing, making for some manner of bizarre double-gasp.

The devastation was incredible. She was floating at the surface of what must have been three or four meters of semen flooding the cargo bay. Semen was rolling down the walls, falling from the ceiling in massive globs. She barely registered it as one such glob splattered against her head.

Her fellow crewmates were also in there. There were dozens ... over a hundred! Who knew. Their groaning bodies littered the cargo hold. Each woman seemed to be laying atop a private island the same color as their—

Wait. No. Those were their bellies.

He'd filled them so full that their bellies lifted them above the spunk like ludicrous water beds.

Estin climbed up onto one of the women's stomachs. It wobbled in waves as she did so. The belly's owner arced her head back as well as she could to look at her.

"Hi," she said.

Estin nodded and said, "How are you?"

The woman grunted and laid her head down on her belly. "Oh, you know, filled with enough sperm to hydrate Tatooine."

"Flooding Tatooine with sperm would be an improvement," said Estin.

"I can't disagree."

Kenta appeared after a moment, gasping and slicking spunk-soaked hair from her face. "Hahh! Hahh!"

Sklorch. The belly's owner cooed as semen gushed in an arc from her blown-out cunt. She bit her lower lip. "Mmmhh!"

"Where is the Jedi?" asked Kenta.

"It looks like...," Estin looked at her. "He already came."

Kenta growled. "Dammit, Estin!"

"He's not the only one," grunted the swollen woman. She looked half-catatonic, her eyes glassy, her mouth slack, her toes curled. Her finger traced circles in the sea of semen.

Kenta swam towards them and climbed up onto the other side of the woman. The woman groaned at the added weight. More jizz gushed out of her gaping entrance. Kenta bit her lower lip as she eyed the hold. The think gunk just had such a strong, hot scent, one that was felt as a heavy heat filling both of them. Her cheeks were flushing, her breathing deepening. "W-we should go find the Jedi."

The swollen woman tried to look back as best as she could, belly rippling around. "Why are you two sitting on top of my belly?"

Estin looked at her and asked, "Because we don't have our own yet." She began slipping out of her armor. Once her pale body was exposed, she took off her helmet and scooped up the white pearliness. Lifting the helmet above her head, she began pouring the thick stuff into her mouth. Slimy spunk rolled over her face, drenched her body, and she gulped it down quite enthusiastically. "Gluck-gluck-gluck. Mmmmhh!

"It's good, isn't it?" asked their jiggling island.

"Estin, what are you doing?" asked Kenta.

"First. I need my energy. Second. We are going to have to swim, Kenta, and Imperial armor isn't exactly conducive to that," answered the braided woman, pouring the steaming seed all over her breasts and stomach. The white gunk blanketed her in thick sheets.

"Why are you covering yourself in cum?"

Estin rolled her eyes. "To mask my scent from the Jedi! They can smell your fear. You should probably do the same thing," she suggested, before starting to gulp down more semen. Liters of the hot, sloppy seed rolled down her throat, filling her belly and distending it. It grew rapidly as she drank, beginning to fill her lap. Still steaming-hot, yogurty, goopy thickness, filling her throat completely, coating her body in wonderful stickiness. Glistening sheets hung from her arms, thick tendrils of spunk stretched between her lips and the helmet.

Kenta sighed and began stripping. "Okay, fine, but we have to go. I doubt it will be hard to find the Jedi."

"But I bet...," Estin looked at Kenta. She smacked her lips.

"Estin, don't!"

She leaned in close. "...That he'll be hard when we find him."

Kenta shoved Estin off the stomach and into the jizz. SPLOOSCH!

That was when the PA system chimed, announcing an announcement.

"Attention, all hands. This is Captain Torvast. Everyone please report to Fore Hangar Bay 2 immediately for hot cakes and ice cream. We have a very special birthday to celebrate!"

Estin's helmet beeped at Kenta, amazingly functional despite the fact that she'd been using it as a sperm-dish. Kenta threw the helmet at Estin as she swam closer.

She caught it, let out a loud belch, and put it on. Squiilsch! It squeezed her cum-drenched hair and smeared it all over her face. Kenta likewise put her own helmet on.

The captain spoke. "Crewmember. If you are able, I need you to report to the main cargo bay adjoining Fore Hangar Bay 2 for a final assault on the Jedi. We must be honest. The situation is bad. The Jedi has fucked and inflated most of you. He's taken that giant cock and stretched you out into gibbering, slimy, orgasm-wracked, barely cognizant wretches, filled you with lakes worth of thick, gooey, gooey sperm!" Her breathing was becoming heavier as she spoke. "What was I saying?" A voice spoke to her. "Oh, yes, thank you. It's uncertain how many thousands of tonnes worth of semen have entered the ship, and we are having difficulty ejecting it into space," she explained.

The Harrower had dropped out of the twisting realm of hyperspace, and was now cruising towards the Samiya system. And, perhaps most oddly, it was trailing white ribbons that sparkled in the light.

Many airlocks had been opened, strategically-placed compartments closed, bulkheads lowered, ducts rerouted. The few remaining crewmembers were attempting to shut use the air pressure to shunt the Jedi's sexual leavings out of the ship. But it was not working as well as they would have hoped. The ship's gaping orifices were gushing semen from the sides, top, and bottom of the ship, but it wasn't enough. And perhaps even worse, the sperm was painting broad white stripes across the ship's hull.

Captain Torvast herself was making the announcement from a bridge she was having difficulty seeing out of because of all the thick white goo painting her windows.

She continued to speak. "Our Sith lords have organized themselves and will manage this final assault. We estimate a few hundred of you are left. Yes, the Jedi has fucked thousands of your sisters! I'm not even sure how he did it, considering he's been here for less than a day. He's dumped tonnes of jizz into each one, literally! He's left thousands of you as a shuddering, orgasmic, dripping-wet mess catatonic with ecstasy! But I know that you can defeat him. So far, he's only encountered a few dozen at a time. You will attack with at least two full companies. And the support of the Force, in the form of our Sith masters. I know you can do this. So if you can get to that cargo bay, do it now. Torvast out."

"Is the Jedi really going to show up for some cake?" asked Kenta.

Estin took off her helmet. "Well, Kenta." She fixed her gaze upon her. "He's already taken all the pie."

Kenta put her foot on Estin's head and shoved her under the jizz.

***

Jae looked up as he listened to the announcement. SMAK. SMAK. SMAK. The trooper's ass bounced off his abs as he pumped his arm, the Force serving the ultimate purpose: facilitating sex. She slipped up and down his six-meter phallus, screaming the whole way.

Then he heard the announcement. "Oh, hell yeah! Hey, it's been fun, girl, but I wanna go to that birthday party. I want some ice cream. Here, let me give you some cream."

That titanic cock began erupting. SKLOOOOORSCH. SKLOOOOORSCH! The woman's belly grew and grew, inflating around his cock like a condom. She howled, "AAAAAEEE!" The woman threw her head back, clenched her cunt, curled her toes, and grabbed handfuls of her own skin.

SPLOOORCH, SPLOOOORCH. His monstrous organ recoiled like a cannon, bathtubs worth of semen exploding intensely inside her, swirling and storming around his cock, putting pressure on her insides as she swelled up and up, her belly lifting her. After a long couple of minutes, her eyelids fluttered. White sprayed out around the Jedi's cock. The woman went limp.

Jae grunted as he felt the last few gallons of seed rolling from his tip. Then he sent a pulse of Force towards her. SMAK! Her ass and belly rippled as he pushed her away. SCHLOOORK-POP! The woman skidded across the jizz-flooded room, a broad wake of white spraying into the air as she slid towards the far wall. BLORM! She hit the groaning pile of women, dozens upon dozens of troopers piled up, forming a gaping, jizz-gushing pile of meters-wide bellies that reached the ceiling.

***

Kenta and Estin strode down the hallway. Every door and hall seemed to be flanked by a pair of Imperial banners. More Imperial logos were everywhere, every three meters, at least!

"Hey, why are there so many logos everywhere?" asked Kenta. "And if you make another pun...."

"I actually wasn't going to," Estin said. She shrugged. Slap-slap-slap. Her bare, sperm-frosted feet slapped the metal flooring. Her breasts jiggled atop her swollen, wobbling, sperm-swollen gut. Kenta could hear dozens of liters of semen sloshing rhythmically with their stride. Slorsch-slosh. Slorsch-slosch. "Branding is pretty important, I guess."

***

Vowrawn jabbed his finger at Marr and opened his mouth to speak, but no words came from the pureblood. Smoke plumed from his nostrils, trailing behind them as they walked down the metallic hallway.

Darth Marr stopped in his tracks and began to snicker. The snicker turned into a roaring, techno-distorted laugh through his mask. The Darth doubled over as Vowrawn kept blowing smoke out of his nose, passing him the blunt.

Marr kept laughing until Vowrawn walked into one of the ubiquitous Imperial banners and fell over. KLANG. His thrashing limbs tangled in the cloth. Then Marr sat on the floor and began dying. "Aaahhh! Ahahahah!" He kicked his legs in the air. "By the dark side! Good job, Vowrawn ... Vow ... rawn ... wait." He paused for a long moment. "Have you noticed that your name sounds like 'mow lawn?' "

Darth Vowrawn sat up, still entangled in the Imperial banner, and stared at Marr, his mouth slowly opening. "O-ho ... you're right! That must be why I have so much grass!"

Both Darths resumed their giggling.

Until Vowrawn yelled, "Oh dear, where have we wandered to?!"

Marr looked around. "Uh. I don't...." He spotted one of the banners. "Oh, look." He pointed at it.

"Oh," said Vowrawn. He got to his feet and started to walk again, forgetting he was dragging the banner. SKREEE. Its stand scraped against the tiles. Vowrawn put his foot on it and tore the banner away. Schriip! Then he draped it over his head, wrapped it around his torso, and said, "Maaaaarr! Now I look like you!"

"Emperor's breath, that's amazing!" Darth Marr stared at him for a long time. "Vowrawn. What is that gold thing on your nose for?"

The pureblood touched the piece of jewelry. "This thing keeps me from. Uh. Snoring," said Vowrawn. "How is it that you're smoking through that blasted mask?"

"Um. I don't know," said Marr. They began walking again. "Man, but, what if we...."

"Yeah?"

"Remember the experimental droids we're to receive this week?" asked Marr.

"The pizza-droids? What about them?"

Marr leaned in and whispered conspiratorially. "What if we blamed the project on Baras?"

Vowrawn slapped Marr's back. "Do-hohoho! Brilliant! His denial will only make him look more guilty!"

Marr's laughter stopped. "Wait, where are we?!"

Vowrawn looked around and pointed at one of the Imperial logos.

"Oh," said Marr.

They walked a few more yards before ... "Where did we go?" asked Vowrawn.

Marr pointed at the next banner.

"Oh."

Their feet clanked against the metal plating as they kept going.

***

It was the same in every room they'd passed on the way here—women swollen so big their backs touched the ceilings in some of the smaller rooms. Gaping cunts and gushing jizz. A reek like a brothel. Semen covering the walls and dripping from the ceilings. They must have walked half a klick through waist-deep semen. Whenever the air conditioning kicked on, the vents rattled, and GLOOORSCH, a blast of more steaming-hot spunk would gush out and drench one of them.

Kenta's heavy tits were now bouncing atop a swollen belly of her own. The whole ship was missing tea time thanks to the Jedi, and she'd gotten hungry. Temptation got the better of her. She'd stood under one of the vents, gulping down pint after pint of that delicious batter. It just felt right, sliding down her throat, swelling her belly, clinging to her tongue. White layers rolling down her tits. She didn't stop until she felt her stomach push through the layers of spunk on the wall and touch the metal.

Both women were caked in semen now, their complexions indistinguishable.

Finally, they came into the appointed room. In front of them were more or less two companies worth of women standing in neat rows, many already naked. While semen was pouring in from the vents and knee-deep in here, there weren't any massively swollen women. Granted, judging by a lot of those bellies, they had been gulping down all that spunk, too.

The three Sith Lords traveling on board were already here, standing atop a large metal crate.

Besides the human troopers, there was a large group of Sith Purebloods dressed in silver robes. The Dark Matrons. They sat atop more metal crates.

Atop the highest crate were Lord Zivarr, Lord Galik'ta, and Darth Magnaculus. The first was a small pureblood who was eating a cookie. The second was a chubby purple twi'lek with massive tits that her custom robe could just barely contain, albeit with epic cleavage. Darth Magnaculus's biggest feature was her monstrous, round ass, and ludicrous hips. Her robes were cut to show off those hips and thick thighs, and it was obvious she was proud of that huge derriere. Behind her was a gold-plated droid.

Zivarr spoke up. "Alright, now that you're all here! Wow, these cookies are surprisingly fresh. Anyone want a bite?" She held up the cookie. Lord Galik'ta shook her head and Darth Magnaculus leaned in and said something neither Kenta nor Estin heard, but judging by the gestures, it was something like "hurry the hell up."

"Here's what's going down. As you may or may not know, there's a Jedi in the next room. We've sealed him in there. Far as we can tell, his balls grow faster the more stimulation he has, and there's no one in there with him, so they should be at a minimal size. Then everyone's gonna wail on his ass!" declared Zivarr.

"My associate left out a few details," said Galik'ta. "Now then. First, the infantry will move in from both rooms adjoining the sides of the hangar, distracting the Jedi. After you sap his energy, we send in the Dark Matrons," she gestured at the purebloods in their grey robes. "These purebloods have volunteered to participate in a genetic program designed to strengthen our Empire. It is them who you are on this ship to protect."

"Yeah, that and some dumbass droids," grunted Zivarr.

"Shoosh, Zivarr." Galik'ta put her hands on her hips and walked back and forth on top of the crate. Her massive tits were each over half a meter in diameter and wobbled with every step. She looked at the Dark Matrons. "Ladies. I know this is not what you were trained for, but you are Sith, you are force users, and you are well-equipped."

"So is the Jedi," laughed Zivarr.

Estin laughed. Kenta glared at her.

Galik'ta swung around. BLOMPH. Her enormous tits sent Zivarr flying. SPLOOSH! The petite pureblood landed in the white muck.

She sat up, spitting cum out and wiping it out of her eyes. "Well, that was just impolite," she complained.

Galik'ta continued. "You will do your best to capitalize on the efforts of these brave troops."

They smelled hornier than brave, though. Zivarr, Kenta, Estin ... most of the women there could feel the heat in their bellies, the warmth between their thighs. Estin and Kenta could both feel trickling trails of nectar rolling down their inner legs and into the semen below. Thinking of going up against that cock, while standing in its fresh, liquid potency....

Galik'ta continued. "After he is worn out and tired, we will emerge, fresh and powerful, to neutralize him once and for all."

Darth Magnaculus addressed them last. The droid behind her began beatboxing. She spat some rhymes. "Ladies, surely we can't fail this. Jedi sperm fittin' ta make us all ship-less. Make us proud, fight his cock with. All your strength, and force-rockin' lady-Sith. These lightsabers got your back, yo. Now, bring down that heavy flak. Go."

***

Meanwhile, Jae looked around the hangar. He sat against his balls, in the middle of the vast room. It was strangely lacking any spacecraft. Maybe they'd moved them for the birthday party? But where was the cake? The ice cream?
