 ***

Sarkopheros says:

Don't want spoilers? Ignore the foreword.

While writing this entire trilogy, and especially during this finale, I asked myself for many scenes, "Is this too ridiculous?"

Then I did it anyway.

This story is more absurd than the last two, and it's also longer. 11,877 words. I didn't realize how long these stories would get. But as I said, I write a story as long as I think it needs to be, whether that's 50 or 50,000 words.

This story contains ludicrous virility, group sex, Force-usage, Force lightning, moderate emphasis on breast expansion and lactation, group sex, extreme stomach bulging and cum inflation, absurd ball-expansion, hyper cocks and balls, and a finale I'm not going to say anything about. I'm probably forgetting stuff, but you know roughly what to expect. A few canon characters have minor roles in this story.

All characters depicted herein are over 18. Just felt that bore mentioning since some people think "padawan" means "young kid."

I don't think there's anything else you should know. More author's commentary at the end. Enjoy!

***

"It's been about twenty minutes since the Dark Matrons entered the room," said Zivarr.

The little holographic Torvast nodded. "I see. What's going on in there?"

"That's actually a really good question," said Zivarr. "There was a lot of noise, and now it's quiet. Are the cameras still broken, Captain?"

Torvast nodded. "The cameras are thoroughly spermed-up, and the master surveillance console is full of semen. Do you think they've ended the threat?"

Lord Zivarr shrugged. "There was like, thirty of them? I don't know. Thirty against one's not good odds, though, and they're all, you know, Sith, not some trooper with a blaster. The Jedi's probably scrap by now."

***

The central cargo bay the Lords were gathered in was situated higher than the actual hangar, and there was a large mezzanine in front of the door inside the hangar. There was also a freight lift, currently submerged in the semen. The mezzanine itself was just barely clear of the white lake the Jedi had created. And on that mezzanine was a pile of silver robes.

"So what does a Dark Matron do, exactly, Lord Turuse?" asked Jae.

The pureblood chuckled and nestled against his side. While she wasn't the youngest in the group, she was certainly the curviest. She drew a circle through the thick coat of white muck on his chest. Her luscious scarlet skin was likewise coated in thick pearliness, though she'd wiped it from her face. "We were supposed to be some kind of ... almost like livestock. Breeding the next generation of powerful force users and so-on for Darth so-and-so. Honor of the Emperor and all that."

"Sounds like some Darths just wanted to get laid," said Jae.

"I thought the same thing," said Turuse. Her voice was low, sultry, intimate. She spoke to him from a few inches away. She put a hand on his monstrous cock. She was sitting half on it, half on his thigh. "I've never felt as much power as I feel coming from you and this ... monstrosity. I mean that in only the best way." She smiled up at him. "There's something odd about you."

"Yeah?"

"Something about you seems a bit familiar, but, you're definitely a Jedi. Ooh!" She yelped as his hand found its way to her ass. "Now, now, you can't have me until you do what I asked."

"Oh, fine," chuckled the Jedi. "You think your other Sith friends are gonna bust in here?"

"Eventually," she said, shrugging. She waggled a finger.

On the mezzanine were the rest of the purebloods. Jae was no longer up against the hangar doors, but almost at the back of the hangar, glans nearly touching the platform. One of the Sith hopped down onto it. She was young, athletic. Probably still an apprentice, 20 years old or so.

She smiled at Jae as she began to strut down the length of his cock, proudly rocking her hips. The thin shirt and panties she'd had on under her robe were soaked through with semen. It was all over her. The alien's black hair bounced, her smoldering orange eyes looked into his. Her feet stepped stickily on his monstrous organ's slick surface.

Reaching him, she twirled around, bent over, and shoved her ass into his face. "Pleased to meet you, Jedi scum."

Jae leaned in and gave that toned red rump a kiss before gently nipping at it. She yelped and jumped away. He winked. "Nice to meet you too, Imperial dog," he laughed.

She looked over her shoulder and flicked her hand, Force-flinging some of his own hot spunk in his face. Then she stuck out her tongue and walked back towards the mezzanine.

As she left, another of the purebloods approached, dressed in an identical thin shirt and panties, strutting her stuff. Squilsch-squilsch-squilsch went her feet. This one had short hair. She bent down, grabbing handfuls of Jae's hair as she jiggled her tits in his face, the mammaries slathered with his jizz. "I look forward to serving you, my lord."

" ' My lord'?" repeated the Jedi.

She winked and turned around.

"You have to understand, Jedi filth, we're used to different honorifics around here," chuckled Turuse. She had a round face, full, pouty lips, big, red eyes. She smiled at him. "Even Sith who do not hold the rank of Lord might still be referred to as such. And I think the ladies are much more enthralled of you than the men they would have been given to."

Jae chuckled. "I can't decide which one I want first."

"Well they all want you," said Turuse. "And we never know when my masters will burst into the room."

Another pureblood approached. Splat-splat-splat. "Lord Jedi, you'll protect and serve us, won't you?" she cooed.

"That's what a Jedi does," answered Jae, grinning up at the lady as she showed off her rear. He rubbed his hands over her hips and kissed the cheek. "We live to serve the people, girl, fulfill them the best we can." He winked at her. She strutted away as another one began to walk over his cock. It felt surprisingly good, having his dick used as a catwalk, and his nuts hadn't stopped growing yet. He turned to Turuse. "I gotta explain something, 'my lord'."

"And what's that?" asked Turuse.

"My cock, my balls, they respond differently to Force-users than normal people," he said, looking over at her, his rough hand rubbing up her soft tummy to grip one of her tits.

Turuse raised one of her eyebrow-ridges. "And what might that mean, master Jedi?"

He grinned. "I'd rather show you. It's definitely a good thing you opened those side-bays."

The Sith shook her head. "It was like a tidal wave when we opened them, ripped a lot of our robes right off. Just. Grrrsschh! We just saw this white wall coming towards us. 'Drowned in sperm.' Now there's an embarrassing epitaph," she chuckled. "Anyway. Then we saw our troops go rolling by," she chuckled. "Just gushing your sperm. You do realize we were the only ones who were supposed to get pregnant, right?"

Jae chuckled. "Sorry, girl, stuff just happens."

Turuse chuckled. She patted his cock. "I can see that. I bet you're Shan's favorite, aren't you? She seems like the type to harbor filthy little secrets."

The Jedi shrugged, grinning as another red ass was paraded in front of him. "Master Shan is incredible. I don't really know if she has 'filthy secrets.' But she's nice, she likes me, I guess. She always sends me to cool missions far away."

She narrowed her eyes. "Don't see Tython much?"

Jae nodded. "Well, nothing really happens there, so they don't call me there very often."

"Sounds like they don't like having you around," said Turuse.

"I don't think that's it. You're cool, don't do the whole 'let the hate flow through you' Sith thing, girl," Jae chuckled. "I just don't have much occasion to be there is all. I don't think they're trying to keep me away."

"Mmmh. Well, perhaps not hate, but we do have to get flowing, you're right," she said, smiling. "Now pay attention to the girls."

Dozens of purebloods shook their stuff for him, parading up and down his cock, the footsteps stimulating his nuts into slow, but sustained growth. As they swelled, they pushed more of the swollen, meters-wide lady-troopers into the neighboring rooms. They gurgled and gushed.

After all the girls were done, they lined up in front of him. All that Force energy, radiating from them. Feminine power, resonating in his cock, causing subtle vibrations in it, shifts in his sperm.

Turuse leaned in close to him and kissed his cheek. "Still can't pick?"

"They're all gorgeous," said Jae. He turned his finger in a circle. The ladies all turned around, dozens of round, delicious-looking red asses perked up at him, pussies trickling hot juices down their inner legs.

The Sith lord scooted over so she was sitting on top of his cock's base, shoulders against his chest. "Fine. Raphana, would you care to go first?"

A chubby pureblood stepped forward. She had a soft-looking tummy and heavy tits. "Why yes, I would care," she chuckled.

Jae grinned as his cock began to rise out of the jizz. Schliiiisch. White sheets of goo rolled off of it as it rose. Thick ropes of spunk stretched from it before snapping and falling back into the mass below. Liters of precum poured out of its tip, splattering into the thick semen below. Jae glanced behind him. Good, none of the bloated girls was between him and the blast doors. Nothing but deep, deep jizz. He was going to need space for what was coming.

Raphana turned around and put a hand on the tip of his cock. That glans was just so enormous! A big, rubbery dome of flesh. It was like petting a thranta or something. It was slick to the touch, the slimy pre squishing between her fingers. The heat coming off the organ was incredible! And that heat made itself felt in her belly. She moaned and backed up, rubbing her needy alien sex against the tip of the cock. Squirsch. The hot precum poured over her over-sensitized entrance, drawing a moan from her throat as it touched her. "Mmmhh! Ooh, this feels great," she cooed.

This was a bit different from any other cock she'd ridden which was bigger than she was—for one, this one was real. There was a strange humming, a sort of vibration when her slit touched the cock's tip. Like a charge of static electricity on a cold day.

It was like when you get on your speeder and you start it up and it shocks your ass cheek and makes you jump off and roll downhill through the grass while some jackass mercenary flies by laughing. It was like that, except very, very pleasant. She moaned throatily and bit her lower lip, tasting her black lipstick.

Raphana ground her slit up against that cock, feeling the fleshy meatus engulfing her swollen, needy mound. The buzzing, she realized, was the sheer virile power radiating through the thing, making waves in the Force. Fresh, boiling-hot precum flowed over her needy mound, rolled down her legs. Which moisture came from her and which was the Jedi's? It wasn't clear.

Looking over her shoulder, she saw Lord Turuse sitting in the Jedi's lap, smiling at her, looking awfully small on the other side of this monstrous thing. His balls were growing bigger behind him, rising up and up, each one towering meters above the spunk. Even at this distance, she could hear the rumbling inside them.

Some of the purebloods sat with their feet dangling into the spunk, others sat up on the railing of the platform. One of them was grinding against it, dripping wet. "Hurry up!" she whined.

"Oh, fine," said Raphana. She looked at the metal wall ahead of her and lifted her hands. "Hmph!" A pulse of energy blasted her backwards. SCHLRK! The giant glans stretched her out in a second. Her legs were forced to spread almost horizontal. It blasted past her cervix, swelled her womb, stretched her insides like rubber.

"Aw, fuck, yeah!" grunted Jae.

The pain and pleasure hit her at once and she screamed. "AAAAHHHHHEEEE! AAAUUGH!" She tried to wrap her arms around her own belly, stretched out in front of her like a great condom. Raphana's mouth hung open, her eyes wide, her cunt spazzing and seizing around the ludicrous amount of cock inside her. SKLLRRSSCH. She sprayed pureblood juice all over it.

Turuse grinned and waggled a finger. SCHLLRRRSCH. Raphana went careening backwards until her ass slammed into the older Sith's groin.

"Aaaurgh-ghurrgh-hnnrgghlll...," stuttered Raphana, gibbering through her ludicrous orgasm. She could feel all that power and energy inside her, resonating with her own. Pleasure flowed through her the way the Force did, and Jae could feel it too. The Sith's energy fed his own, the resonance making itself felt throughout his cock, deep in his nuts.

Jae grunted and looked at Turuse. "Ohmmm! This is what happens when I fuck a Force-user!"

"What—" The Sith looked behind her. Everything began to shake like a groundquake. GRRMMBBBLLL. His balls were rippling, their surfaces undulating. They began to expand outwards, rapidly swelling, the heat coming off of them increasing.

Turuse sensed it. The purebloods on the mezzanine fingering their dripping snatches sensed it. The Sith lords waiting in the next cargo bay sensed it. Raw, virile Force-potence vibrated against them, resonating, catalyzed by the power of the Sith he was fucking.

Like two magnets attracting each other but held far enough apart to remain in a constant, vibrating, high-energy state, their messy union causing waves of palpable power. These waves of sexual power slapped the Sith around Jae—it was like standing in the surf, with the waves of the sea hitting them. It tingled against their skin, their nerves.

If the purebloods weren't already red, they might have been physically blushing, their skin feeling hot. Their fingers moved faster and faster. Several of them doubled over as they began squirting all over themselves. Sklllrt! Sklllrt! Sith-juice rained down upon the seminal sea. A couple of the Sith sitting up on the railing toppled off into the jizz. Sploosch!

Hot slickness engulfed them, seeped into every crack, and they began cumming into the cum, heads bobbing above the surface, shoulders wiggling and sending out ripples as they finger-fucked themselves.

Jae grinned, but then growled and grunted through his teeth, making for a very strange-looking expression. He could feel it, too, but he was managing to maintain control at the moment. He wrapped his arms around Turuse's waist, grabbing Raphana's hips.

Poor Raphana was feeling it the worst. The raw power felt like she set her cunt down atop a broken electrical conduit. She kept twitching, gushing, squirting, her face twitching, her eyes unfocused, crossing and rolling back, uncrossing as she kept spraying Lord Turuse with her orgasms.

Jae began to pump his hips, groaning as his rough hands dug into the flesh of Raphana's ass. It slapped against Turuse's body as he pounded her, his red-condomed cock bouncing up and down, sending out rolling waves into the white gunk. The purebloods floating in it were engulfed, some going completely under, gulping down jizz as they moaned, gasping for musky, steamy air as they came up.

Some of the red Sith stumbled forward, onto Jae's cock. They couldn't wrap their arms around it, but they desperately rode it like a bucking beast, grinding cunts into the fat, pulsing veins outlined in Raphana's skin. Those veins were enormous and served as nice ridges, practically vibrating with energy. They had to grab handfuls of skin to keep from being thrown off the cock, because without solid ground under it, it was bouncing wildly.

Up on the platform, one Sith was down on all fours ... or threes, perhaps, because she was on her knees and face. Her cheek pressed against the metal as she reached back to finger herself, drooling as she watched the spectacle. Another of the Dark Matrons got down behind her and slipped her tongue into her sister's entrance, desperately lapping at the juices inside. They moaned, cooed, and gasped as a wave of jizz swept over them, cascading white sheets concealing red, dripping down over their bodies, covering them in decadent stickiness.

Nearby, another lay on her back, fingering herself as another Sith sat on her face, grinding her dripping mound into her smacking lips and licking tongue, howling at the wall as she, too, was bathed in Jedi seed.

Inside the cargo bay, Zivarr was biting her lower lip and rubbing her knees together, drumming her fingers on the crate. Gallik'ta's tits were struggling with her robe, spreading the halves farther apart as they swelled. The twi'lek frowned down at them. Magnaculus sighed, closing her eyes, meditating to maintain some control.

Jae's balls rose higher, higher, far above their heads. Their surfaces rumbled as they rose towards the ceiling, faster than before. They gave off incredible heat, each one at least nine meters in height, though much of their titanic bulk was still submerged. Turuse turned her head and locked lips with her enemy. Jae's slick tongue slipped into her mouth. He tasted himself as they sloppily tongue-wrestled, moaning, each closing their eyes. Turuse grabbed his cheeks, Jae grabbed her ass with one hand, using the other to grab Raphana.

Raphana, was, of course, largely vacant. The Force was more tangible than ever, a power vibrating from the core of that monster shaft. Every time her ass slapped Turuse, she grunted. "Mph! Muh! Mummmh!"

Jae moaned into Turuse's mouth. The pureblood leaned her head back on his shoulder and cried out at the ceiling. "I can feel that you're ready!"

"Fuck!" Jae closed his eyes. Holding back would be a mistake. He knew that his balls would grow far faster than he could empty them with all these lady-Sith around. So he had to unload as much sperm as possible.

GRRMMMBBBLLLL. His balls vibrated, once again shaking lights in the cargo bays, causing weapon systems to lose calibration. The vibrations caused the sperm-filled consoles on the bridge to register atmospheric turbulence.

GLLLLOOOOORSSSCH. That rushing tidal sound was back, a rumbling gushing that filled the chamber.

Raphana bit her lower lip. "Th-there is o-only passion!"

GLOOOOOOOORCH! Her belly exploded forward, his cock blasting with such force that the wad stretched a pocket of skin out in front of it. That spunk-filled belly-bump slammed one of the purebloods on the railing in the face and knock her off of it.

SPLOOOOOORCH. A column of jizz half a meter in width blasted into Raphana's belly. It began to grow in a split second. She howled at the top of her lungs, arched her back, and finally, she went limp, collapsing atop the Jedi's massive cock.

"Aauugh. F-fuck yeah! Mmmph! I love fucking Sith!" cried the Jedi. Implying that there was any attractive female (or in some cases, male) that he wouldn't enjoy fucking. This is a man who literally fucked an entire dreadnought full of women. No one told him to do that. Shan just wanted him to investigate. But no. Jae knows everything.

GLUUUURCH. GLUUUURCH. GLUUUURCH. His cock bounced like a cannon recoiling, throwing several of the Sith into the jizz. A few of them managed to keep their balance, but that vibrating fuck-field given off by the Jedi and his current cocksleeve was intensifying as he orgasmed.

The raw, sexual energy wasn't crashing over them in waves, now. It was over their heads, drowning them. The Force could convey emotion, power, potential, all manner of things—now it was conveying raw, unadulterated FUCK. It seized their minds, thundered in their loins. One by one, the lovely red aliens felt their pleasure reach the boiling point. They arched their backs, clutched their lips. SKLLLLRT! SKLLLRT! Hot juices blasted from between their fingers, bright, sparkling arts of Sith-spray flying through the air.
