 To say that Jake was surprised would be an understatement. 

He was flabbergasted. 

"EVA, did you modify the simulation's parameters?" 

"No." it stated. 

"How can she talk then?" 

"Unknown. But I detect a foreign element in the simulation." EVA responded. 

The beautiful girl just sat there, looking at him adoringly. 

"So, nothing changed in the simulation's parameters. The only thing that changed is me. Am I correct to assume that you're Siren?" he asked the girl. 

"Smart boy, that's right. The one and the same!" she exclaimed. 

"But you can talk! I thought we could only communicate through thoughts." 

"Oh, that's true. But in a simulation I have far more freedom." 

"Freedom to do what?" 

"Anything I want... Like this!" She said as she conjured a pair of mesmerizing wings. Colours raced along the fluffy edges in curvy waves and intricate patterns. 

"You like?" she asked slyly. 

He laughed. "My uncle would be jealous." 

"Pardon me?" 

"When I told him about what happened to me when I met your mother, he told me he could sprout wings out of his butt and fly." 

"Oh, is that so? I guess I hadn't settled in yet and missed that memory." 

He looked at her naked form expectedly. "So, I guess a quick relief is out of the question?" he asked reluctantly. 

"Oh you silly boy, you have a whole imaginary universe at your disposal and all you can think about is sex? Besides, you'll have to buy me a drink before you even think about any romantic involvement... Oh, right, I almost forgot." and poof, she was no longer naked. 

Now she was wearing a lovely, yellow summer dress that hugged her curves tightly, and somehow that made her look sexier. 

"You too!" and suddenly he was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. He felt his erect member straining against the fabric of his boxers. 

"That's more like it!" she giggled. 

"Okay, I give up. What do you want us to do?" he sounded disappointed. 

"I'm so excited! Let's go camping. I've always wanted to go camping!" she beamed. 

"What? You were just born. You didn't even know what camping was then." 

"Oh but now I do, and since you've always wanted to go camping, now I do, too." 

He was tempted. 

"EVA, let's set up a camp." 

The scene vanished and they were teleported to a clearing near the mountain's peak, where a tent and a warming fire appeared around them. 

"That's cheating!" 

"What? Do you want me to go hunting for firewood as well?" 

"Yes. I will help." 

"Fine. EVA, lose the fire. I'm keeping the tent though." 

"That's fair." 

"And you, lose your wings, no cheating for you either." 

Her wings disappeared as she shrugged them off. 

He rummaged through the tent and found a box with ice and some beer next to it. He also found two bags full of camping supplies. 

"You watch too much television, EVA." 

"It is one of my only sources of current information outside this ship." 

He sighed and collected a flash light, then went to find some branches to light the fire with. It wasn't too hard collecting branches with the lush canopy of trees surrounding them. 

She remained behind and started building a fire pit from some rocks she found. 

About thirty minutes later. They had a fire roaring. They cracked open two beers, and sat next to the fire, talking. He almost forgot that this was a simulation and that this beautiful girl was not real. He immersed himself in the experience and the flow of beer made him lose his inhibitions gradually as he talked with Siren. He'd never had any alcohol and it was a new experience for both of them. They discussed his life and his experiences, earth and the solar system. But veered away from the topic that haunted him the most: what happened to his parents. Gradually, he started regretting giving her that name. Maybe if he had been more thoughtful he would have given her a normal name befitting for a beautiful girl. 

The discussion was now focused on his life and ambitions. 

"So, I know how you stole it from the recreational section, but why did you modify this simulator to include sexual activities?" she asked in a slurred voice. 

"Well, it's not like you get a lot of choices abroad an industrial ship." he responded. 

"That's true, but you have a beautiful girl, who is as much lonely as you are; and willing to be loved so far that I've seen, why not go for it?" 

"Oh no, not you too!" 

"It's only natural." 

"If you can really read my mind, you wouldn't be talking to me about it. Besides, I have all that I want right here." He felt a little woozy as he leaned in to kiss her full on the lips. 

The kiss was sensual, and when his tongue touched her lips, it felt like a sticky trail of fire was connecting them together. He caressed her soft hair and inhaled the sweet fragrance of her body. He felt her breasts pushing against his chest, her hard nipples digging into his frame, and his heartbeat climbed. They kissed for what felt like hours. 

As the wind picked up and the air felt cooler, she pulled away. 

"I'm feeling cold, let's go inside the tent." she said, out of breath. 

He decided to follow her inside, where they found two sleeping bags ready for them. 

"I'm too cold, let's share." she said. 

"Is that the beer talking?" 

"Maybe, I also want to experience intimacy, all of those new feelings, you know." 

"Fine." 

"Just don't let your hands wander too much." She warned. 

They both undressed to their underwear and got into one of the sleeping bags, zipped it up, and talked some more, as their bodies warmed up. At one point she closed her eyes and drifted to sleep. He felt his eyes getting heavier and soon followed suit. 

He woke up in the middle of the night to find her spooning against him, with the small of her back tucked tightly against his groin, she was leaning against him slightly and he had his arms around her chest. It felt nice to be this close to someone. His raging hard-on eagerly concurred. 

"Mmm.." she purred as she ground her hips against his. 

"Don't you ever sleep?" 

"Only when you sleep, now hush." she whispered. 

She resumed her grinding motion, and his loins were on fire! He'd never felt this way before. 

"Why am I so turned on right now?" 

"Because I am turned on, you dummy." 

"Wait, so we like... share?" 

"Yes." 

He guided his free hand and traced the curves of her luscious body, while his other hand cupped a voluptuous breast. He was enjoying the feel of her warm flesh against his. 

She moaned as he reached the curve of her ass, and her grinding intensified. 

He dipped his hand over her crotch and cupped her mound enthusiastically, then started kissing the nape of her neck and she sighed deeply in response. He started massaging her mons, occasionally brushing his hand across her clitoris. 

She jerked every time his hand brushed against it. He could feel her pleasure and it was driving him insane. He dipped his hand inside her panties and felt the moistness down there. It was very hot and he wanted her even more. She shook violently as he slid a finger inside of her; then another. Wet with her juices, his hand moved faster in and out of her, finding a rhythm of its own, his other hand kept kneading her lovely breasts and pinching a nipple now and then. 

She closed her eyes and shuddered with tremors as she reached her tipping point, and his hand was suddenly drenched in her womanly juices, she settled in rapture, unable to move. 

"You know, I think you enjoyed this more than I did." he whispered in her ear. 

"I'll only admit it if you can quench my fire." she said, winded. 

He smiled and helped her remove her bra and panties. She reached behind her back, and her hand went for his raging erection. He felt her hand snake its way through his boxers as she started to jerk him off. 

He felt his pleasure mounting and had to do something about it. He couldn't help it any longer, he unzipped the sleeping bag and flipped her over so that she was laying with her face next to his, and he went in for the hottest kiss in his life. Her tongue darted about, trying to find his, and it succeeded. They gorged in it for what felt like hours. She started grinding again, and his stiff member slipped between her legs. Right past her clitoris and below her well lubricated tunnel. 

Her breasts pressed against him as she guided his oozing member inside of her. He thrashed around a bit until he got it right and slid past her inflamed lips and into the tight warmth that lay beyond. 

"Ooooh" she moaned as he thrust inside of her. 

He felt the pressure increase as he pushed further, and her hymn broke. 

She screamed, but he didn't falter. Far too consumed by lust, he pushed harder and shoved all of his length inside of her. He wasn't huge, that's for certain, he knew he was above average at best and his girth wasn't amazing, but that didn't deter him in the slightest. 

He rolled her on her back and started pounding her with animalistic fury. She was so dazed but involuntarily met his thrusts with her own gyrations. She started rambling incoherent words. 

He started kneading her breasts and she cooed. He pinched her nipples and felt her eager response. He put his arms at her sides to steady himself and focused on ploughing her like there was no tomorrow. She wrapped her arms around his neck like she was hanging for dear life and started kissing him again with fervour. 

He was feeling every touch, every sigh of pleasure. He was certain he felt the waves of passion overcoming them both simultaneously as they exploded in unison, her grunts and his transcending into a heated crescendo of unparalleled bliss as they found their release. 

Their eyes shined with a bright blue light. 

And everything was gone. 

*** 

Light shot from his eyes in a twirl as his body tensed and he woke up. 

He was still affixed to his immense pleasure, and yet he couldn't help but notice that the lighting in the compartment had changed to a bright blue. He closed his eyes and collapsed back into his recliner. 

When he opened his eyes again, the light was gone. But what he saw made him panic. Hannah. She was floating by the hatch with her mouth agape. Had she seen the light blasting out of his eyes? 

"Hannah... Oh, hi." 

She wasn't looking him in the eyes, her eyes were transfixed elsewhere. 

He followed her gaze and ended up looking down at his crotch, the tent there was quite large, larger than he would have expected. It didn't help that his overalls were cum-stained and wet with a copious amount of moisture. 

"I... I'm sorry. I... I think I got here at the wrong time." she couldn't avert her eyes away from his mast as she squealed the words. 

"Uh... It's okay. I think I was asleep." he lied. 

She jerked out of the hatch hurriedly. 

He wasn't too concerned. 

"See, EVA? I told you it would work!" 

"The unknown element in the simulation was also stabilising it." it stated. 

"She's called Siren." he responded. 

At the mention of her name, Siren stirred in his mind. 

"Thank you." Siren whispered. 

"For what?" 

"For making me feel all of that. That was... amazing." 

"I know, it was amazing for me too. It was never like that." 

"I'm sorry things will get awkward with Hannah." she said. 

"Oh, don't you worry about it. I've got one question though." 

"Ask away." 

"What was that blue light?" 

"Oh, that... That's a side effect of us being in complete synchronicity. Normally we don't see eye to eye on everything, but when we both utterly focus on something, this happens. I can't explain it, but the ancients believed it was the light of a pulsar incarnate. It's all superstition of course. Plus, we're treading uncharted grounds here. I'm the first of my kind to interact with humans. Your bodies are... different." 

"You've met other species?" he asked in bewilderment. 

"My ancestors did." 

"What were they like?" 

"Let's just say they were much different from your kind." 

"You must tell me all about them." 

"Get cleaned up first and we'll talk later." 

He unstrapped himself then paused. 

"So, whenever we're both focused on something, fireworks will appear?" 

"No, it'll only happen in moments of heightened mental activity." 

"Well, I for one, am looking forward to our next session of heightened mental activity." 

She did the mental equivalent of a blush. 

He sighed contentedly, changed quickly, and went to the common showers for a clean up. 

*** 

A shower was, of course, another ambiguous term used in space to describe the array of pods lined up against the compartment walls. 

He looked around as he stripped naked and got into a pod. Zero-gee showers weren't an easy luxury. Without the pods you'd have to clean your body using dry sponges which was never pleasant. He knew that first-hand, whenever they broke. 

He was in deep thought as he let the machinery cleanse him, he was both scared and elated; but he felt that things were moving in the right direction. He reflected on his session in the simulator and wondered how Siren knew what she was doing. How did she even know what the female perspective of sexual intercourse was like? 

"I found the anatomical and brain patterns I needed on your computer." she answered his unasked question. 

"You can do that?" 

"I can access it by touch or through the nano-transmitters in your head." 

As he got out of the shower and started getting dressed, he couldn't help but notice that his body felt different somehow. He felt more dexterous and agile, had more energy despite the exhausting session he had with Siren, and it felt like his muscles were less atrophied from living in space for so long. 

"Are you doing something to my body?" he asked. 

"Oh, it has been happening since we bonded. My pattern is mending yours constantly; repairing damage, invigorating your body, and honing your nervous system. Think of it as an ongoing bonus for having me around." 

"You can do that?" 

"It's not even happening at a conscious level." 

Okay, things were definitely going in the right direction. 

*** 

He was on his way back to his workshop when he got the call. 

"Jake, come to bridge, now." his uncle said with urgency. 

He quickly headed that way, dodging the various conduits and pipes jutting out of the walls. The Metanoia wasn't a new ship, but they kept it well in shape, as was evident from the amount of repairs he could see in the surrounding corridors. 

As he slid past the hatch and into the bridge, he found his uncle strapped in a chair next to the sensors console, he was staring intently at the screen. Hannah was focused on the communications console, trying her best not to look at him. 

"I think we have a situation, come take a look." his uncle said. 

He edged closer and peered over his uncle's shoulder to look at the console. 

"What's this?" he pointed at a large blip approaching them at a high velocity on the holographic display. 

"I think it's a ship, but it's not broadcasting any ID signals, do you know what that means?" his uncle asked in a worried voice. 

"Pirates." he spelled the word with contempt.