 James Hunt was a successful man. He made fought his way through the bramble of people calling themselves photographers and found his place in the world of fashion photography. At a mere 29 years old, he lived in a beautiful flat in North London, appointed with designer furniture and all things nice. He even had a small collection of reasonably impressive art adorning his walls.

However, James was sitting alone at a dimly lit bar not far from the Angel tube station. It was surprisingly quiet for a Friday night—only a quiet old man at the other end of the bar and a young couple languidly dancing to the overly produced music playing over the speakers. Being alone at a bar on a Friday night was a rarity for James. He usually found himself at a party or out and about with a large group of fashionable people. This night, though, his long-term girlfriend had run off on him earlier in the night at a gala they were both attending. So James was trying to get his mind off things with some quiet drinks alone.

James couldn't help but notice when someone new entered the bar—a woman of commanding presence. She wasn't tall, about 5'4" by James' guess, but she commanded the room as she entered. She had a close, asymmetrical cut on her dark crimson hair, lush green eyes, and a striking, angular face, and luscious lips covered in an almost black lipstick. She wore a shimmering black dress that hugged and showed off her delicate curves. Her dress had a long slit up the side, showing off her toned, stocking-clad legs, that ended in pumps of a crimson that matched her hair. James made a living photographing gorgeous women and didn't often find himself awestruck, but he could not take his eyes of this woman as she sashayed directly towards him.

"Are you James Hunt?" She said as she arrived in front of him. She spoke quietly, but confidently and with the slightest hint of a French accent—it could have been Swiss.

James raised his eyebrows, slightly surprised that this gorgeous woman knew who he was.

"Well yes, I am. And you are?" He said slowly extending his hand towards her.

"My name is Eleanora. I was at the gala this evening, and I was absolutely taken by your work. I felt I just needed to meet you. I tried desperately to find you there, but you left before I could. Someone told me I may be able to find you here."

James reluctantly withdrew his hand from hers, noticing the perfectly manicured, crimson nails as he did. He was intoxicated by the mysterious woman. James smirked to himself, there were only a few people that would know to find him at this particular bar, and even fewer that this stunning Eleanora would have had the chance to encounter. Quickly, James realized he was staring at this woman, dumbfounded. Regaining his wits, he added, "I am quite flattered that you would leave what was seemingly a lovely gala to come find me." He looked at her tremendously elegant black dress. "I can only assume you were at the gala..."

"Oh, of course I was, but I found myself uncontrollably bored after I couldn't find you," She glided towards him slightly. James' nostrils flared as he caught her scent, it was intoxicating—earthy, with a hint of citrus and flowers. 

James was completely overwhelmed by this vision named Eleanora in front of him. He felty like he never had in front of any woman, clothed, naked, fucking, or otherwise. Her look, her smell, her mere presence was intoxicating- much more so than the glass of cold gin in front of him that he had mostly forgotten about since she arrived. 

"James, my dear, this bar we're in," she looked around dismayed, "it's dreadful. Would you like to accompany me somewhere more...intimate?" Her deep green eyes locked with his. "Yes," was the only response which James could manage. 

She quickly turned and headed for the door. She strode effortlessly on very high heels. After watching her perfectly shaped ass glide up and down behind the silk of her dress, JAmes pulled out his wallet, threw a tenner on the bar, and quickly followed her out. 

The sun had long set, but the air outside the bar was still warm, and the predicted rain had held off. "Should I head up to the high street and find us a cab?" James offered. THe bar was in a bit of a back street, and a black cab was unlikely to be traversing here. 

"No need," Eleanora said casually as she walked around the hood of a deep red Ferrari and opened the driver's door. It was an old car, but in perfect condition, and very sexy. James thought it may be 250 California from the early 60's, but he couldn't tell for sure. He dropped low into the passenger seat as the engine roared to life, and Eleanora began them soaring through the small side streets of North London, winding their way south. Neither of them spoke along the ride, the open top and the twelve cylinder engine proved to be too loud. James savored the sensations of of the warm air whipping past, sitting next to this goddess of a woman driving. 

After about twenty minutes, by some miracle they had not encountered any traffic. It was 10 o'clock on a friday night, through the more happening parts of London, and they should have hit gridlock after gridlock. James was beginning to think there was something beyond normal about this woman, but he didn't care. Eleanora threw the car sharply around a corner, and down into an underground car park. She turned the engine off, hopped out of the car, and headed towards the elevator without a word. James tagged behind her again. The Elevator carried the two silently and quickly upwards. The doors opened into a sweeping flat—modern furniture and fine art graced its walls and floors, and massive windows provided sweeping views of the city. 

"Follow me, James." She said quietly, as she walked through the flat. She grabbed a low, armless chair made of dark steel and leather, turned it around, and gestured at it. "Sit, James." He was a bit taken aback by the quip of her command, but sat quickly. He didn't feel like he was being controlled, or hypnotized, but he just wanted to obey this woman. "I will be right back." She said as she strode out of the room. James sat patiently, not entirely sure what was going on with the whole situation, =but was content to wait and find out. He removed his blazer and loosened his tie, and waited.

After a few minutes, Eleanora returned to the room, her dress now gone. She stood before him, a metallic-looking, cupless bra encircled her perfectly shaped breasts. They were not large per-se, but their shape was what every man dreamed of. Black rings adorned both of her rosy nipples. James' eyes slowly continued down her body—her stomach was tight, with the slightest hint of a six-pack, and was crossed by a very fine lace garter belt. A perfect patch of dark crimson hair sat atop her sex, and her inner vulva were peeking out, swollen and red. Her luscious legs were clad in stockings, and she was still wearing the same pumps she was wearing earlier in the evening.

James was completely mesmerized. His mouth went dry, and his cock immediately grew rock hard in his trousers, straining for freedom. He wanted to reach out and touch her, but he couldn't seem to move.

Eleanora paused in front of him, smirked, and said, "It seems you like what you see. Good" She snapped her fingers, and JAmes' clothes were instantly off his body, and perfectly folded next to him. His cock stood straight up. James was no pornstar, but he had always been proud of his manhood. About seven inches long, it had a hefty girth, and a stainless steel barbell pierced the underside of the darkening head of his cock—and artifact from his time in art school— and the light glinted off of it. Eleanora gazed at his manhood, noticing his piercing, and thought, "I've made a good choice. He seems like fun."

Before James had a chance to react to any of the unbelievable events of the past few moments, Eleanora drew closer to his naked form, extended her hand towards his chest, and with her deep red fingernail, drew three concentric circles on his sternum. Her nail had extended to become sharp and claw-like, and several small trickles of blood ran down his chest. Instead of pain from having blood drawn, James felt only a warmth spreading through his body, followed by a pure, tingling pleasure. As Eleanora fined the third circle on his chest, James felt every muscle in his body tighten, and expand, and become more defined. His stomach showed his abs more than it ever had. He then felt his cok grow—not grow as in become harder, but physically grow. He looked down, and he guessed he was now about nine inches, and much thicker. Not grotesque, but he was very impressed by the growth. 

As James was still enchanted by what was happening with his body, Eleanora straddled him and plunged herself down on James' now quivering cock. He pussy was a torrent of wetness and warmth. And even though Eleanora lowered herself down the hilt of his cock in one swift motion, she was tighter than anything JAmes had ever experienced. Eleanora did not move her body at all, instead she began squeezing her sex. James didn't think she could have gotten any tighter, but he was wrong. She just kept squeezing and releasing James' quivering cock. He threw his head back and growled uncontrollably. It was pleasure like he had never know. He finally found the ability to move his arms, and grasped her perfectly formed breasts that were sitting directly in front of his face. 

Eleanora started grinding her hips while continuing to squeeze her pussy. She was moaning loudly and repeatedly. James could feel the juices running out of her, coating his balls that were rapidly tightening and nearing release, and running down over his asshole. As she continued grinding against him, she started squeezing his member with her sex faster and harder. She began morning louder and louder. James was losing control. He could feel the cum rising. Eleanor's grabbed the hair on the back of his head, and roughly pulled his head backwards. She leaned forward, and in a deep, breathy whisper in his ear, she said, "James, let go." He tried to hold on a little bit longer, savor in the intense feelings of her riding him while barely moving. She leaned back, looked him in the eyes with a fierce look, and shouted "CUM!"

James exploded. A torrent of some rushed from him. His whole body spasmed and shook as he continued to fill Eleanora. His eyes were rolling back as he growled and moaned uncontrollably. Eleanora threw her head back, screaming, as her own orgasm washed over her. She quivered with delight, the motions pulling the last drops of cum from James' cock.

He slumped back in his chair. He had never cum so hard, for so long, or ejaculated nearly as much in his entire life. His head was swimming with pleasure. Before James had a chance to start trying to comprehend everything that had just happened, Eleanora rose up off of James, his still rock-hard cock pulling out of her with an audible pop. 

"We're not done yet." She was standing in front of him with a devilish grin on her face. She looked down at her own crotch, and James followed her eyes. He couldn't believe what he was witnessing. Eleanora's clit began to swell and grow, and slowly extended into a perfectly formed cock, with her wet, glistening pussy lips wrapping around the base. James' mind began to race. This gorgeous woman standing in front of him now had a beautiful cock bobbing inches from his face. It wasn't as big as his now enhanced flesh, but perfectly straight, hard, and with visible veins running along its length. "Why do I think it's beautiful?" He thought to himself. James had always considered himself straight. He had experiment with a bit of prostate play here and there, but nothing much. But he couldn't take his eyes of the beautiful tool in front of him. 

"Bend over the back of that couch," she commanded. James stood and walked over to the couch without hesitation. He knew what she was planning, and was slightly terrified by the idea of getting fucked up the ass by this woman's clitoris had magically changed into a cock, but he couldn't help himself. He stood with his legs well beyond his shoulders, bent over, and braced his forearms against the back of the couch. 

As she slowly walked towards him, she reached down between her legs and dipped her fingers into her dripping pussy, then stroked her cock, coating with a mixture of her juices and James' cum. Eleanora placed her throbbing cock head against his waiting hole, and began to slowly push into him James was expecting some pain, but felt only the warmth he felt when she carved the circles into his just. He whimpered from the unbelievable feeling as she pushed the entire seven inches of her lady cock deep inside him. As she began to slowly push in and out, her cock grazed his prostate perfectly, and a steady stream of pre-cum started flowing out of his cock and started a small pool between his feet.

They both started moaning in unison as Eleanora began fucking him faster and faster. James' cock began to twitch furiously as he grew closer and closer to orgasm. Eleanora began smacking his ass as she fucked him.With each stroke that landed on James' ass, lightning bolts of pleasure shot through his body. Eleanora began to moan louder with each stroke, too, growing closer and closer to her own orgasm. With one final stroke, she buried herself all the way inside James' ass, dragging her nails across the entirety his back, and screaming like a banshee as she lost control. 

The pain and pleasure of Eleanora's fingers dragging across his back pushed James over the edge. He exploded in an orgasm even more powerful than the first. His cock flailed wildly as cum flew forth. He could feel Eleanora's lady cock twitching inside him, pulsing against his prostrate, forcing more and more cum out of him.

As both of their orgasms subsided, Eleanora pulled herself from James. As she did, the last drop of cum fell from James' finally softening cock, and his eyes closed and he passed out from the overwhelming pleasure he had just been given.