 The sun was setting in the desert sky. The intense heat that had greedily torn the sweat from my body turned to the sharp edged cold that pierced every pore and twisted itself downward until it infused itself into my bones. I cursed my cockiness; I had spent my last dinars on a couple of pints of flat stale ale instead of a jerry can of gas. My contact had assured me that the place I sought was only a three hour drive into the desert and my fuel gage had said I had over half a tank. If had I only known that sand had gotten into the gage and frozen it, I would have made a better deal and gotten at least another two pints into me before leaving the trader's camp. 

I was searching for someone, or something, called "Whore us". At first, when I was given the assignment, I assumed that my mission would take me to Thailand, but when I was given a ticket to Cairo, my hopes were dashed. My handler instructed me to go to this trader and he would give me the information that would lead me to the information that I needed to complete my mission. Damn confusing, but I had found all my jobs had been so why should this be any different? The jeep that the trader had lent me died an hour out and I decided to continue on foot rather than walking back. The trader had said that the company was leaving as soon as I was so going back would be moot. 

As the night became darker, my rationality started to follow suit. I would collapse soon from exhaustion and wouldn't be getting up again. I had climbed sand dune after sand dune hoping that I was still heading in the direction I was supposed to. I reached the apex of yet another dune when my legs failed me and I fell in an uncontrolled tumble down the other side. I had expected to stop my roll in the face of another dune but as luck would have it; my downward momentum was brought to a halt when my torso slammed into a slim metal pole. I groaned. Who the fuck would put a pole in the middle of nowhere? 

It took a few moments to catch my breath and for the lightning strikes that the jolt had created in my eyes to subside. I took a deep breath and slowly rose to my feet again. I studied the pole. It was about 3 feet high, maybe a 3" diameter and had a slim velvety rope tied to the bottom. I looked at the rope. It wasn't lying on the ground, it rose at an angle of about 45 degrees for about five feet and then simply disappeared; suspended by nothing in the air. My eyes had said that it wasn't there, but as I ran my hand along the top of the visible rope to where it supposedly ended, I felt that it didn't end. I used my hand to guide me a few more feet and I came to what felt like canvas though there was nothing there but another sand dune according to my eyes. 

The dune opened up and the biggest galoot I'd ever seen stepped out. I came up to the man's overly muscular chest. I stepped back so that I could look up to his eyes. He wore a simple off white tunic that seemed a little too small as it seemed to be stretched on him. His skin was dark, but whether it was because of the desert sun or natural I couldn't tell; his specific features except for the white of his eyes were skewed by the faint light that was behind him. His voice was deep as he rumbled, "What do you want?" 

I had nothing to lose, so I recited what the trader had written down for me; "I seek Fatima, oracle of the sea of sand and keeper of the nomad's light." In the faint light behind him, the smile that he cracked made his teeth seem all the more unearthly white. 

"She is here," he said with a ceremonious tone, "remove your attire and enter." What the fuck? Remove my attire? 

"Do you know how cold it is out here?" 

"Indeed I do," the man replied, "but the Oracle sees only those who prove they have nothing to hide." 

I mumbled that objects were actually quite larger than they appeared as I removed my pants, socks, shoes and shirt. I began toward the slit in the invisible canvas. With a slight "ahem" and a bored movement of his hand, my fedora flew off my head and onto my pile of clothes. He stepped aside and I entered. 

The inside was huge, it had to be at least fifty feet across with velvet red curtained area contained in the center of it. The place was light by large candles molded the shape of penis' in a variety of shapes and sizes. It was also warm even though, as I took a quick peek back, the flap was open and the man was watching me intently. I heard a voice call from with in the velvet red curtain; "Come close and ask your question." The voice was husky yet feminine. It was enough to make my manhood begin to awaken from its sleep. 

I walked up to the curtain and said, "I seek the whereabouts of Whore Us." 

"Enter and you shall receive what you desire," was the reply. I found where the curtains were divided and stepped in. The curtain surrounded a ten by ten foot area. Several phallic shaped candles were lit at the edges of a mattress that took up the majority of the space. I stood on the ground before the mattress and looked at the owner of the voice. She looked to be maybe her early forties, long black hair, dark hazel eyes. She wasn't slim yet she wasn't obese. She wore nothing but painted fingernails. Her breasts showed the perkiness of an eighteen year old and as my eyes surveyed her body, I could see that she had smooth bare legs and her pubic patch was a perfect triangle. My penis gave a twitch but I tried to ignore its questions. She was lying flat on her back, her head turned toward me. "Come closer, my wandering one," she cooed, "and tell Fatima your desire." 

I walked to the edge of the mattress and sunk down to my knees.

"Closer," she gently suggested, "and gain what you wish." 

I knelt beside Fatima at her chest. I leaned over and traced her pussy lips with my tongue. Her legs spread apart and her hand started to caress my cock, its semi limpness quickly disappearing under her touch. I rolled my tongue around her clit, letting my saliva drip from it, forming a pool around her swelling pleasure nub. My saliva soon filled and started its journey to wet her luscious pussy lips. I let my tongue swirl the wetness from her clit, flicking her clit and taking it into my mouth and gently nibbling it. A moan escaped her. My tight ball sac loosened and dropped from the heat my desire was producing with in my lust filled head. 

I took my hand and entered her moist hole with two and let my pinkie slide on her asshole. I could feel that her anticipation had made her juices freely flow and with each thrust of my fingers into her pussy made her asshole want the same treatment. 

Fatima took a firmer grasp of my cock and started stroking up and down in time with my thrusts into her pussy. My tongue still laid siege to her clit and my pinkie was now entering her asshole with movement of my hand. I began to pump her harder, more forcefully. She bucked her hips releasing my fingers and tongue from their task and closed her legs. 

Without a word and without letting go of my cock Fatima took her other hand and pulled me closer to her face by my buttocks. She turned to lie on her side, her leg still protecting her creamy holes from my touch. I smiled and said, "Something wrong? Didn't you like what I was doing?" 

"You're a naughty boy," she said, as she flicked her tongue on the tip of my shaft, "not letting me play, tsk tsk." And with that she swallowed all seven inches of my cock, lightly dragging her teeth along my shaft as she took it in. Her hand kept pressure on my ass, not letting me make a move. She slowly brought my cock out of her mouth and with her tongue traced my shaft to my balls. She took one testicle in and rolled it with her tongue and then did the same to the other. Then she began to come back up my shaft with soft kisses. I bent over and started to suck on her breast, taking her nipple into my mouth and nibbling on it. She moaned even louder. I straightened my back. 

I gently twisted my body so that while she was working on my cock I could lift her leg up and play with her clit. I couldn't tell what she enjoyed more; me playing with her clit or sucking me off. I increased the speed that I was rubbing her clit with my finger and she responded with a moan. She dug her nails into my ass cheek and made me face fuck her with the tempo of my rubs. My balls made a dull thudding sound on her chin as her saliva began soaking my pubic hair as much as her pussy juices were soaking hers. I wanted like those droplets of her juice of the tips of her pubic hair as the sparkled in the candle light but the pleasure of her lips on my shaft as her tongue danced with the tip of my cock and the firm grasp she had of my ass cheek made that desire to go unfulfilled. I could feel my excitement building and she must have felt the little throbs in my cock vein as she stopped her lusty snacking and let go of my ass. She slowly withdrew my cock out of her mouth, and then with a final swirl of her tongue around my tip, simply smiled and once again moved her leg to block my fingers from doing its dance. 

Fatima rolled onto her stomach without breaking eye contact, put her hands under her head and said softly, "what would you like to do now?" and slightly opened her legs teasingly. My cock felt as if it were on fire, I straightened myself up, my balls touching her elbow, sending them into miniature convulsions of lust. 

What did I want to do now? That was a poser. My brain told me that I was here for information but my body demanded to have its urges satisfied. My brain lost and I shuffled down the bed and then brought my knees between her legs, opening them up to let me see her two enticing holes in front of me. I moved up closer to her slit until the tip of my cock rested on her ass crack and I slowly rocked back and forth. "Now," I said, "that totally depends on you." 

"Oh?" She said, lifting her hips up slightly making my cock drop a little deeper into her ass crack. I moved in close so that my shaft rested in her crack. Her pussy juices, revealing her excitement had already peaked once, collected and rolled off my balls and onto the mattress. The aroma of her womaness made my cock pulsate wildly. "Yep," I said and kissed the middle of her back and then arched my back to slide my cock off her crack and have its tip tickle her puffy pussy lips. She began to shimmy her hips to rub my tip against her pussy. I brought my head down and licked the length of her ass crack, letting my tongue rest on her asshole for a moment. She thrust her hips back violently, forcing my cock deep into her. "I guess," I remarked, "I have an answer." 

I placed my hands on her thighs and brought her up higher, not taking my cock out but using it as a pry bar. Fatima kept her head on her hands as I began pumping my cock in and out of her tight hole. She must not have had for a while or she had strong muscles as her pussy seemed to grab my cock relentlessly with every inward thrust. As my intensity grew, I began to rise up onto the front of my feet, making my pubic hair tickle her ass. She began to make circular motions with her hips and I started to thrust moving my hips opposite of her movements. 

"Fuck me harder," she demanded, her ass slapping hard into me, "I want to feel you cum deep in me. Fuck me!" 

I gave her ass a slap and started thrusting with everything I had. With one hand I grabbed the side of her waist and with the other I used my thumb to play with her asshole. Both of us couldn't control our moans and cum flowed freely from her pussy all over my shaft, soaking the mattress. I felt the explosion building so I stopped gyrating and concentrated on thrusting solidly into her. With one final slapping of my balls on her soaked pubic mound I came. I could feel the release down to the bottom of my scrotum, I envisioned my hot jism cutting through into the deepest recesses of her vagina, I couldn't tell if the flood that flowed out of her was me or her or a combination of both. Once the first initials streams had subsided, I slowly gyrated my hips around so that my cock could feel every detail of her pussy. She moaned once more as I pulled my still hard flesh from her. Without my cock supporting her hips anymore, she collapsed down to the mattress. 

She beckoned me over and brought her head up and licked the tip of my cock until it was free of all of both her cum and mine. My knees could no longer keep control and I let my ass fall flatly onto the mattress beside her. She kissed my thigh as I kissed the top of her head. She laid her head on my thigh, her hand gently playing with my balls and the bottom of my shaft. A few minutes passed and I said, "Whore Us." She stopped playing with my balls and my now limp cock. 

She rolled to the edge of the mattress and reached under it. She brought out a flat piece of gold that looked just a little smaller than a business card. She handed it to me. Fatima rolled back onto her side and rested her head on her one hand and laid her other on her stomach. "Take this. You shall travel to the ancient city of Karnak and seek out the statue of Anubis. Stand before it and insert the key." 

"That statue has been studied six ways to hell, and no slot has ever been reported," I said matter of factly, looking at the head of a jackal etched into one side. On the other side was had a simple three crested line on it. 

Fatima brought her hand from her stomach and ran it down her thigh slowly. "That's because," she said softly, "archeologists don't think with the proper head." I watched as her hand caressed her ass cheek and she began to rub her finger along her ass crack. "But if they did," she continued, "they would realize that the slot was right before their eyes." Her finger slipped into her asshole, still well lubed from my tongue twisting inside it. She started to finger fuck her ass slowly. 

"Oh?" I said, confusion mixing with my reawakening lust. 

"Anubis," she flashed a lusty grin, "likes to keep his options open". She began to move her hips back and forth against her finger, a soft moan escaped her lips and then she asked, "is there any other information I may provide you with?" as her eyes began to lose their focus as her pleasure heightened.

I laid the key on the ground and slid behind her, taking her hand away from her ass so I could rest my cock in her crack. "I just need more one more piece," I whispered in her ear, "before I go", kissing her shoulder blade. 

"Mmmm," she purred, "that would be?" 

I lifted her leg up and slowly let my cock slide into her welcoming asshole. "I just gotta find out which of your three holes feels the nicest." Turns out it was a three way tie....