 Jasmine was dreaming about a science fiction movie she saw earlier that day, with her favorite actor saving a damsel in distress from horrible monsters. She felt oddly aroused by the idea of making love to a handsome man in a dangerous place. She could hear him calling her name while she hid from the creatures. She was ready to come out, rip off her clothes in front of him, and surrender to passion.

Bawak was standing by the bed. He had been watching Jasmine for a while and concluded that she was the perfect replacement for the breeder he lost during his last encounter with the Ents. This female was considered an adult by her peers, so there would be no problem with her reproductive system.

In addition, this planet had discovered the interplanetary portals very recently and only a small part of the population knew about them. It was unlikely that they would come looking for her.

The device hovering above Jasmine's bed could plant suggestions into the woman's mind and Bawak was taking full advantage of this.

"Jasmine, it is time..." Bawak said.

Jasmine woke up feeling incredibly confused, as if there was a haziness that didn't allow her brain to work properly. She opened her eyes and her heart jolted when she saw the monstrous creature standing at the feet of her bed. The scared woman was about to scream but then she reconsidered. Monsters do not exist. She must be dreaming... or having a nightmare. This couldn't be happening any other way. More so when the creature spoke in English...

"Hello Jasmine. Welcome to your sex dream."

"My what..?! What is going on..? Is this a dream?" Jasmine asked, still confused.

"Yes. This is happening only in your mind. You always wanted to have sex with a monster and here I am."

"No... this is wrong," she said, "I don't want to do that. I want to make love to a handsome man, despite the monsters around us."

Jasmine hadn't notice the floating device above her head, making it impossible to think clearly. 

"You are arguing with yourself. Look at my cock and tell me you don't want it," Bawak responded.

The young woman's eyes drifted toward the monster's crotch and she gasped. His phallus was huge and fully erect. At that instant, the aroused woman realized that her pussy was dripping wet.

Wow! His cock is like a human's, but bigger! Jasmine thought.

It was so difficult to make sense of any of this. The only explanation was that the creature was telling the truth. This was only a dream. A very weird, sex dream.

"Come closer," Bawak said with a commanding tone of voice.

In any case, the confused woman couldn't take her eyes off the pulsating cock. She wanted to see it up close. She did as she was told.

Jasmine crawled over the bed and hesitantly approached the humanoid. Every passing moment she was more convinced that none of this was really happening, which boosted her confidence. 

Bawak was happy that the slim female had been so easily manipulated, but he still had to play it slowly.

 I don't remember seeing cocks this big on the web. If I am dreaming this, then my mind is distorting reality. Jasmine thought, once she was close enough to touch it.

"Give it a kiss. See how hard it is, just for you," Bawak said.

Jasmine was fully aware of her arousal and she couldn't resist the urge of obeying the monster's request. She pursed her lips and gently kissed the warm skin of his cock. Her pussy twitched hard when she did, and at that moment she admitted that kissing that big phallus was not the only thing she wanted to do.

"Turn over. I will penetrate you now," Bawak commanded.

To make things worse, the alluring smell of his manhood filled her nostrils and this heightened her excitement. She needed that cock inside of her, even though is seemed impossible because of its size.

Jasmine laid on top of the stool at the foot of the bed and spread her legs. She looked down at the enormous phallus and took some comfort in the knowledge that it wasn't real. She truly believed that none of this was.

"It won't hurt, will it? Why would I dream about that getting hurt?"

"Just relax and enjoy the best experience of your life," Bawak said confidently.

Looking at Jasmine's slim body, the monster wasn't sure if his cock was going to fit inside of her pussy, but he certainly was going to give it a try.

Jasmine felt the huge cock spreading her pussy lips apart and then stretching her tight vaginal cavity to the limit. Her brain was receiving mixed signal of pain and pleasure while she grunted from the overwhelming sensation. She wanted him to stop and she wanted him to go deeper. Her eyes were wide open while she stared forward, looking at nothing, trying to make sense of any of this.

"You are so tight!!" Bawak exclaimed.

The creature jabbed forward until most of his cock was buried inside of the girl's body. He had heard that human females were perfect for mating and this was the reason for choosing Jasmine, but he never expected such a delightful sensation. The young woman was tight and firm, and at the same time she was tender and flexible. It felt incredible.

On the contrary, Jasmine was more confused than ever. She couldn't comprehend why she was dreaming about this brutal penetration. When she felt his cock reaching the bottom of her cavity, she thought it was going to split her in half. But then the sensation of pleasure quickly dominated the receding pain.

In less than a minute, the discomfort had vanished and all Jasmine could feel was mind-blowing bliss. The humanoid had lifted her hips off the stool and was pounding her body with eagerness, swinging his hips back and forth, shoving his cock as deep as possible every time.

Now everything was making sense. This level of pleasure was only achievable within a dream, and somehow she knew this was going to happen. The overwhelmed woman felt something even greater building within her loins. She didn't know what it was but it got closer with every stroke of her lover's cock.

Then, igniting at the center of her core, her orgasm exploded and rushed through her entire body like a freight train. Jasmine twitched and jolted with spastic convulsions for almost two minutes until she couldn't take it anymore and lost consciousness. 

Jasmine woke up a minute later and it took her a moment to remember where she was and what had happened. She had just experienced the best orgasm of her life. But there was something that didn't make sense. How was it possible to fall unconscious within a dream? It was so weird. 

But she had to believe that this was only a fantasy, because the alternative was inconceivable.

 I came so hard... I think this is the best sex dream ever. Having sex with monsters is not so bad after all. 

"You fainted for a moment darling. Turn around and show me your ass," Bawak said, still far from satisfied. He was ready for more.

Regardless of the incredible situation, Jasmine was having second thoughts about this "dream". It felt too real. There was too much detail about everything. Now the monster wanted to see her ass. Why? She would never include something like that in her dreams. There was something very odd going on.

"Why do you want to see my ass?" Jasmine asked.

"Don't worry about it. Remember that nothing can hurt you."

"Last time it hurt a little," Jasmine said.

"And yet you reached a wonderful climax, didn't you?" 

Bawak was right. She had never cum as hard as she did a moment ago. The expectation of climaxing again the same way was too appealing to reject.

Jasmine turned around and bent over the stool. She immediately felt the warm head of Bawak's cock pressing against her anus.

"Wait! You are aiming at the wrong place. That is not my pussy!"

"Like I said before, just relax and enjoy the moment."

Jasmine knew about anal sex but it never occurred to her that she could try it herself. And certainly not with a phallus of this size.

Bawak had to push very hard before Jasmine's anus spread wide enough to allow his cock inside of her trembling body.

The sensations were the same as before, combining pain and pleasure, but twice as intense. Jasmine screamed and thought about moving away, but then she remembered the orgasm she just experienced and stayed in place, hoping to feel it one more time.

Jasmine felt her monstrous lover grabbing her waist and then shoving his phallus deeper inside of her. She couldn't believe that her tiny ass could accommodate such a huge member but it was happening. The overwhelmed woman went cross-eyed as a myriad of intense sensations rushed into her brain. 

The screaming woman felt Bawak's crotch smashing against her buttocks, which meant that his entire cock was penetrating her body. Her tiny ass was taking that massive appendage all the way to his balls! Just thinking about it was accelerating her journey to a new orgasm.

Bawak was very impressed as well. He knew that the girl's body was adaptable, but she was better than expected. Jasmine's cavities were so tight and yet she could endure so much.

He could feel his own climax approaching. He didn't want to get her pregnant too soon, so fucking her ass was perfect. Suddenly, he felt his slim partner convulsing again while his cock got clenched even tighter.

As bright lights exploded behind her eyes, Jasmine discovered that she could reach climax having a huge cock in her ass, with nothing touching her pussy. It was a wonderful realization but she didn't have time to think about it, because at this moment, she couldn't think about anything. Her eyes were completely rolled back as her body twitched and jolted under orgasmic convulsions of rampant pleasure.

"You are climaxing again so soon? You really like anal sex, don't you?"

Jasmine's second orgasm was stronger than the first one, and as expected, she lost consciousness again. When her body stopped shivering, the overwhelmed woman hung limply under the creature's grip with the massive phallus still embedded deeply in her ass. 

"Crap! You are unconscious again. I guess this is it for you, but not for me."

Bawak looked down at the girl's inert body and wondered what to do next. He was very horny and needed some release but it was unnecessary to carry her like a puppet while pumping her ass.

He decided to place her on the bed before carrying on with the ravaging. 

With half of her body on the mattress and her legs hanging off the side, Jasmine's limp body swayed back and forth while the monster stabbed her ass over and over, using her like a sex toy.

He was very happy that he had chosen a human female as his next breeding slave. Jasmine's physical qualities could only be described as perfect, regardless of her small size. Bawak could feel his peak approaching and he increased the pace. 

"I am coming, little one. Get ready to receive my cum for the first time," Bawak said, even though she wasn't listening any more.

Bawak roared loudly when his balls jolted violently and the first gush of cum was ejaculated into the woman's body. He didn't care that somebody else in the adjacent rooms might hear him. He would be out of this place carrying his new lover before anybody could do anything to stop him.

Jasmine was half conscious when she felt hot fluid filling her loins. Her pussy twitched in response a couple of times and she moaned softly before her mind shutdown again. The pleasure was just too much to endure.

When he was done, Bawak lifted Jasmine's limp body and placed her on his shoulder. Then he started walking towards the portal. He hoped that the Ents would be gone from his lair by now. After all, they already had taken his most valuable possession; his former breeder.

"Let's go to your new home, my dear."

Jasmine was going to wake up in a new world and a new life. All the rules that were valid in Earth's society were meaningless everywhere else.

The only positive thing about her upcoming ordeal was that Bawak had no intention of hurting her.

***

Jasmine had no idea where she was when she woke up, and this time she was certain that this wasn't a dream. The monster sitting in front of her, the same one that had invaded her bedroom, was real! How was this possible?

Bawak patiently explained to Jasmine the existence of countless intelligent species throughout the universe. He also told her about the portals, which allowed communication between distant planets by bending the space-time fabric. Jasmine understood enough to know that she was billions of miles away from home.

"Take me back!! I want to go home!" She demanded.

"Sorry darling, but you are mine now. You will like it here, as soon as we get back to my place."

As if this wasn't enough bad news for Jasmine, Bawak told her that his comfortable den had been assailed by his reptilian enemies and that they would have to stay hidden in this abandoned dungeon for a while.

There was one more thing that bothered Jasmine, she was starving. Apparently, she had been unconscious for almost a day. She told Bawak about it and his response was more than shocking.

"You don't have to worry about food. You can get all you need from my cock.

"What?!" she asked with astonishment.

"My sperm will be your only source of nourishment. Your body needs nothing more."

Jasmine stared at the creature's erect cock trying to comprehend his words. She would have to eat his cum to survive? Was it even possible? She would have to ride that huge phallus over and over, helping him to reach climax and then she would have to... Jasmine didn't finish the thought, she got distracted by a strong twitch between her legs.

Jasmine felt annoyed by the idea of having to feed from this monster's cock, but her body was reacting differently. The girl's pussy was dripping wet. Deep in the back of her mind, Jasmine was craving to have another orgasm like the ones she enjoyed in her bedroom.

"I will provide so much food for you, that you will need a bigger belly," Bawak said, proud of himself.

Without saying one more word, Jasmine stood up, straddled Bawak's lap and sat on his cock. The woman did her best to conceal her feelings but a soft moan escaped her lips as the fat appendage spread her pussy lips apart and penetrated deeply into her vaginal cavity.

After a while, Jasmine was not worried any more about keeping appearances. She bounced up and down onto Bawak's cock with unrestrained passion, moaning loudly every time he reached the bottom of her pussy. Jasmine tightened her vaginal muscles as hard as she could around her lover's cock, knowing that she could make him cum faster. Then she could mitigate her hunger. Maybe afterward, with a full belly, she could think more clearly about how to fix this precarious situation.

Bawak was astounded by Jasmine's stamina. He couldn't wait to put a baby in her womb and start the breeding process, but before doing that, first he had to recover his lair. Right now, it was better to enjoy this sexy female bouncing up and down on his lap. 

When Bawak felt his cum boiling within his balls, he pushed Jasmine away and stood up, then he told her to knelt in front of him and to rub his cock as fast as she could.

Jasmine did as told. She grabbed the creature's cock and rubbed it rapidly. The phallus was very slippery from her own vaginal fluids and made her job easier. The anxious woman didn't know what to expect but she could feel the cock throbbing between her fingers.

"Quickly, put your lips at the tip of my cock. I am cumming!!"

Jasmine pressed her lips against his phallus and an instant later, she felt a stream of hot fluid gushing into her mouth and filling her all the way to her throat. Jasmine heard the command to swallow but she was already doing it. The woman was ravenous and wasn't wasting this opportunity to have something in her stomach.

Tastes good. she thought.

It took her a moment to notice that Barak's semen actually was delicious. Or maybe she was so hungry that anything would taste like heaven right now. It didn't matter; Jasmine kept swallowing.

The aroused woman felt Barak's hand pushing the back of her head, urging her to engulf more of his cock. She tried to oblige, but his phallus was so thick that she could barely enclose the head. Regardless of this setback, Jasmine managed to swallow most of his cum and now her belly looked bloated from all the creamy fluid that churned inside.

I am so full. I don't think I can swallow one more drop.

With his balls empty and his breeder well fed, Bawak decided to find food for himself and to check if his lair was free of invaders. It was a risky move but he had to do it.

"Wait for me here. It is dangerous out there," he said to Jasmine, "I'll be back soon."

Jasmine watched him leave and then looked down at her bulging belly. She couldn't believe how much cum she had swallowed and she felt oddly proud of it. Maybe it wasn't so bad that, from now on, all her food would have to be sucked out of the monster's balls.

***

It had been more than twenty-four hours since Bawak left and he wasn't back yet. Jasmine was getting worried. He had told her to stay put, but she was extremely hungry again. 

I can't wait much longer. If he doesn't come back, I will starve to death in this place.

Jasmine stood at the bottom of the stairs, listening to whatever was going on outside of the dungeon in which she was hiding, but she couldn't hear anything. The scared woman made a decision. She was going to take her chances and search for food on her own.

Jasmine climbed the stairs and reached an ample, empty room. There was nothing in it except a door leading outside. When she opened it, she realized that she was in some sort building that resembled an old castle from Earth.

For a moment, she thought that maybe Bawak had lied to her about the portal. Maybe she was on Earth! 

"This place looks like a castle! Maybe the monster lied and I can find my way home!"

Then Jasmine saw something moving. There was a woman with blue skin fucking a monster! Her hopes on being on Earth crumbled to the ground. 

The woman saw Jasmine coming out of the building and thought, What is a human doing here?!

Jasmine was confused and scared. There was nobody else around. Maybe this woman, who looked almost human except for the color of her skin, could provide some assistance.

"Who are you? How did you get here?" the blue woman asked.

"A monster brought me here. He took me from my room while I was unconscious. Can you help me get back home?" Jasmine explained while looking at the strange creature that laid upside down beneath the woman and its cock penetrating her pussy.

"I bet it was Bawak who kidnapped you," the woman said, "I saw him lurking around here a few days ago. My name is Gausa, what is yours?"

"I am Jasmine. He told me that we came to this place using a portal. Can you tell me where it is?"

Gausa used her shapely legs to move her body up and down while she talked. The creature beneath her was getting restless and apparently it was about to cum.

Jasmine's eyes alternated between Gausa's face and her crotch. She tried to pretend that she wasn't distracted by this sexual display, but she was.

Gausa was about to answer Jasmine's question, but then she felt the long cock throbbing within her cavity and she knew it was time. She quickly lifted her body, dislodging the phallus from her pussy. She had to move quickly...

What is happening? Jasmine wondered.

In a blink of an eye, Gausa was sitting on top of the creature's chest with his cock in her mouth. Jasmine heard spurting sounds that mixed with Gausa's moans of satisfaction and a couple of seconds later, white sperm spilled from the woman's lips, dribbling down the phallus.

She is eating his cum!!

Jasmine's hand move to her belly. Seeing this woman, Gausa, sucking the sperm out of the monster's body was a clear reminder that she was starving. Jasmine began to salivate while she stared at the odd couple and, for some reason that she couldn't understand, her pussy was getting wet.
