 Jasmine jumped through the portal and arrived at a modern station with shiny metallic floors. There was a weird-looking humanoid with an extremely long neck that was in charge of the portal's transit. Moya looked at him and her intuition told her that this individual was going to cause trouble, so she walked faster, gaining some distance between her and Jasmine.

 Shit! This guy is new. He is going to cause some trouble. Moya thought.

Moya's instincts were right. The gate keeper looked at Jasmine as soon as she stepped in and despite the fact that he had never seen a human female before, he suspected that there was something odd with her body shape.

Jasmine saw the gate keeper looking back at her and her heart jolted. She did her best to appear calm and relaxed but unfortunately, at that very moment, the embryos churned again and her pussy twitched hard. The excited woman felt her vaginal fluids dripping down her thighs.

 Oh no! He is looking at me! Jasmine thought.

"You! The pink one. Come over here," the gate keeper said to Jasmine.

The scare woman's heart was beating fast while she obeyed and approached the humanoid. She had no idea what was the punishment for smuggling protected embryos but there was no turning back now. One of the creatures twisted again within her womb and she did the impossible not to moan out loud. 

"Is this your natural body shape? This doesn't look normal," the gate keeper asked.

"I have gain some weight lately," Jasmine answered timidly.

The gate keeper pointed at Jasmine's belly and asked her a few questions. This female didn't look like a criminal but it was better to be sure. He was new at this job and he needed to prove that he could do it properly.

"You are leaking something between your legs. Why is that?"

The gate keeper instructed Jasmine to step behind a translucent screen and she did. Jasmine looked at Moya, who was standing a few meters away pretending to be a curious spectator, and mouthed the words "What do I do?" without saying it out loud. Moya just shrugged her shoulders and kept watching.

"Don't move, the screen will be ready in a second," the gate keeper said, clumsily typing some commands on a console.

I hope this creature is not smart enough to detect the embryos. 

Unfortunately for Jasmine, the gate keeper didn't need an ounce of intelligence to detect the felony. The screen was capable of identifying Jasmine's DNA and any other foreign substance or creature hiding inside of her. The entangled mass of illegal embryos was clearly displayed on the screen with a different shade of color inside of the woman's belly, making it clear that they were not part of her body.

"What are those?! This looks very illegal. I better call security."

"Is everything fine? Can I go now?" Jasmine asked, unaware that she had been caught.

Jasmine didn't know what was happening but the creatures inside of her were becoming restless and it was very difficult to stay still. She wished she could plug two fingers into her pussy and extinguish the fire that refused to go away despite the circumstances.

But the woman's arousal was cut off instantly when one bulky greenish troll grabbed her arm and told her that she was under arrest. Jasmine turned pale from fear. She looked around for Moya but couldn't find her. The security guard led the scare woman through the hall and into a small chamber.

"Where are you taking me? I need to talk to my friend," Jasmine said with a trembling voice.

 Fuck!! There goes my credits. Moya thought coldly, hiding behind a column and looking at the scene with disappointment. 

She wasn't really worried about Jasmine's fate. However, she was very upset that her profit was slipping away. Maybe she could recover the embryos later somehow, but she had to make a plan for that, and it wasn't happening today.

Jasmine was forced to enter a rounded chamber and the door was closed behind her. If this was some kind of jail, there was no bed and no toilet. Not even a small chair to sit. There were strange nubs protruding from the walls around her and they looked very menacing.

"Why am I here? I need to talk to Moya. She can explain everything."

A voice came out of a speaker in the ceiling: "Stand in the middle of the chamber. We will let you out soon."

Jasmine was shivering from anxiety and her nervousness was detected by the embryos, which churned and twisted within her body, entangling more tightly around each other, looking for comfort. This sent a wave of pleasure between the woman's legs.

The confused woman had contradictory emotions cursing through her mind. She could feel her arousal growing again within her loins but they conflicted with the uncertainty of not knowing what was going to happen to her.

Jasmine did as told. Then she heard a buzzing coming from everywhere and an instant later, four energy beams emerged from the nubs on the walls, two on each side. At first, Jasmine thought that she was being electrocuted as her body went rigid. She was going to die and nobody on Earth would ever know what happened to her. 

But a few seconds went by and she was still alive. In fact, she was more alive than ever. She felt tickling all over her body but nothing that caused any pain or damage. On the contrary, the embryos inside of her were squirming frantically, trashing inside of her womb, her bowels and belly, as if they were desperately looking for a way out. Jasmine's pussy gushed profusely from this overwhelming sensation and suddenly, she was once again on the way to reach a powerful orgasm.

Jasmine suspected that the embryos were the ones being electrocuted because they quickly filled all her cavities from within, as if they were urgently trying to vacate her body. When the squirming tails of three creatures emerged from her mouth, pussy and ass at the same time, Jasmine's mind went blank from utter bliss. She exploded in climax!

The woman's eyes rolled back while her arms and legs shivered out of control. However, she managed to stay on her feet as the appendages squirmed frenetically between her legs, and out of her mouth. It was a surreal situation and Jasmine was enjoying every second of it.

One of the creatures completely escaped Jasmine's pussy and fell with a splash onto the metallic floor. However, an instant later the empty cavity was filled again by another embryo as its long tail emerged from the twitching pussy. The other embryos were also reaching their freedom, away from the painful discharges, but they were having trouble passing through Jasmine's tight anus and small mouth.

Jasmine climaxed the whole time, and she was barely aware of what was happening around her or to her. All she wanted was to enjoy this amazing bliss for as long as possible, although, the experience was so overwhelming that she inevitably lost consciousness.

****

Jasmine slowly opened her eyes not knowing where she was. She remembered being pushed into the round chamber. She also remembered the energy rays surrounding her body and the embryos delightfully squirming out of her cavities. But most importantly, she recalled the mind-blowing orgasm that drove her into unconsciousness. It was very weird because she not only could remembered it, she could still feel it. The incredible pleasure was still there. Then, as she became more aware, she realized that her body was rocking back and forth!

The lethargic woman turned her head and realized with a start that there was a monster on top of her. She became fully awake in an instant, realizing that the source of the incredible pleasure was the creature's cock pumping in and out of her pussy.

Jasmine was lying on a small bed and the monster was a humanoid wearing an exoskeleton instead of skin, hard and shinny, reflecting the lights around them. His face was like an insect's, including the antennae, and his cock was as big as Bawak's, but harder and segmented.

"What is happening?! Who are you?" Jasmine asked startled.

The astounded woman stared at him not knowing what to do. The creature didn't answer the question. He remained still for an instant, looking down at her, then resumed the pumping motion of his hips. 

Jasmine could clearly feel the tip of his phallus reaching impossibly deep inside of her, creating a bulge just below her tits after every blow. She couldn't avoid eliciting a soft moan of pleasure.

The confused woman didn't know where she was and how she got here, and this monster was probably the only one that could provide some answers. But he was not giving her any answers before he was done fucking her. She decided to give in and delay the inquiries for later.

Jasmine knew that she was just making excuses to prolong this wonderful ravaging but she choose not to think about it. The sensation of being fucked so roughly was amazing and Jasmine didn't make any effort to push her aggressor away. She even spread her legs wider apart and threw her head back, welcoming the assault.

He is going so deep!!

The creature shoved his large phallus into Jasmine's body increasingly faster, until the astounded woman could barely cope with it. Jasmine had never been fuck so fast before, and her orgasm was building rapidly. It just took a few minutes until she was on the verge of climax.

The monster didn't stop when Jasmine felt a cold, gooey substance squirting within her loins. He was climaxing, yet he was not slowing down. The aroused woman heard the squelching sound of the sperm gushing out between her legs as her cavity became saturated. Then her body went rigid and an instant later, she exploded in bliss too. Jasmine couldn't believe that she was cumming again but here she was, with her eyes completely rolled back and her body twisting out of control under the weight of yet another alien.

A few minutes later, the creature moved away and Jasmine melted off the edge of the bed until she was kneeling exhausted on the floor, her back resting against the side of the bed and her head tilted back onto the mattress. She was breathing heavily and her vision was blurry from the overwhelming orgasm. 

That was fucking awesome... Jasmine thought.

The humanoid was standing in front of her, looking down at her frail figure and wondering if this female could present any kind of danger to him now that she was awake. The only thing that he knew about her so far, was that she liked having sex as much as he did.

When Jasmine recovered enough to asses her situation, she wasn't too surprised to realize that she was in jail. It was disappointing nonetheless. She had hoped that after giving up the embryos they would let her go.

"Oh crap! They really put me in jail!" The cell was small. It had a bed, a toilet and a cabinet that was partially destroyed.

The creature heard Jasmine's words and learned that she could speak. He proceeded to tell her his name and waited for a response.

"My name is Igato. What is yours?"

Two days ago, Jasmine would be totally freaked out by having an ugly alien standing beside her, but after everything that had happened to her, she wasn't paying attention to him. She figured that the worst case scenario was to get ravaged again... and that wouldn't be such a bad thing anyway.

"Why did they arrest you?"

After the initial shock of finding herself behind bars, Jasmine realized that the alien was talking to her again and she responded, starting a conversation. 

"H...hi, my name is Jamsine... I was carrying embryos inside of me and they discovered them."

"You are a smuggler? Me too," Igato responded excitedly, "I had venusian drugs hidden under my shell. They discovered them as well."

"Do you know how long will they keep us here?" Jasmine asked.

"The punishment is not too severe for first timers. Maybe a few weeks?" he said.

"Weeks?!!"

Jasmine was doing her best to focus on this important discussion, but her eyes kept drifting down to his long, waving phallus. He noticed.

****

Jasmine waited for Moya, hoping that she would come to rescue her, but after several hours the desperate woman realized that she was on her own. It also became evident that Igato was not a violent creature. In fact, he was a pleasant company in a place where there was absolutely nothing to do.

When Igato asked her to have sex with him again, Jasmine hesitated for a moment. He had already fucked her without her consent and that wasn't right, but her pussy was moistening just thinking about having that huge cock plugged deeply inside of her pussy.

In the back of her mind, Jasmine already knew the answer. Without saying a word, she walked over to the nearest wall and bent over, placing the palms of her hands on the solid surface. Her vaginal fluids were dripping down her thighs, making her arousal more than evident. Igato understood the invitation and wasted no time shoving his long cock into the consenting female.

I can't believe am I doing this. Jasmine thought right before she moaned loudly with pleasure.

The alien did it slowly, relishing with the warmth and tightness of her welcoming cavity. After several centimeters he encountered resistance but he kept pushing, and Jasmine's body allowed more of his manhood inside. He heard her moaning and he guessed this was as a sign of approval.

This human is so pleasing.

Jasmine couldn't believe that her petite body could take so much of his cock, but she was thankful that it was possible. Igato's phallus not only was long but it was also thick. The astonished woman felt her inner organs stretching or shifting apart to accept such a massive penetration.

When Igato couldn't push his cock any deeper, he pulled back a few centimeters and then shoved it back in. He repeated this action and Jasmine responded with a high pitch moan. The odd couple began to get a rhythm and a few minutes later, the ravaging was at full speed.

"Your delicate body is a wonder of nature," Igato said.

The creature was hammering Jasmine's pussy just as fast as before. The bewildered woman could barely breathe but she didn't want him to stop. She was aware that no man on Earth could fuck her this fast and the whole experience felt more alien and exciting. 

And like the first time, when Igato reached his peak and ejaculated inside of her, he didn't slow down. Not even a little. Jasmine was having her third climax in the last thirty minutes and she didn't think she could take any more without passing out. She was relieved that Igato was done... for now.

****

A few more days passed and Igato fucked Jasmine as often as he could. It was surprising that the woman from Earth was always ready for him. There was no way that a female of his own species would willingly let him fuck her so often. Jasmine was very special and it would be a good idea to keep her close.

Igato was not the only one thinking about this unusual experience; Jasmine had discovered a few days ago that she enjoyed being handled roughly during sex. Now she believed that having large alien cocks inside of her body was becoming an addiction to her. It was probably just a defense mechanism to cope with this otherworldly situation, but the feelings of incredible pleasure were absolutely real.

What is wrong with me? Why am I doing this? Was a common question in her mind during sex, always answered during her climax.

After every sex session Jasmine was exhausted, but as soon as she recovered she wanted to do it again. When she was not fucking with Igato, she was thinking about fucking with him. It was an obsession that she couldn't vanish from her mind.

During one of those wonderful couplings, Jasmine looked up at Igato's face and she felt nothing but admiration. She didn't consider him a monster anymore. Now he was a friend and a sex partner. In fact, he was the best sex partner that she had ever known. 

Igato is so good to me. He is a beautiful creature.

She stared at his yellowish eyes and wondered if she was starting to feel something more than friendship. Maybe it wasn't so crazy to fall in love with an alien... then she felt his cock jolting inside of her and his sperm filling her loins. Her mind didn't allow more thoughts as she exploded in climax too.

****

The following day Jasmine woke up hornier than usual. This time she wasn't waiting for Igato to take the initiative. The aroused woman had decided to embrace this embarrassing but irresistible craving for alien cock. Nobody in this place really cared about how many times she fucked every day, so there was no reason to restrain herself. She stood on the small bed that she shared with him and straddled his hips.

Igato saw what Jasmine was doing and his cock grew to full erection in seconds. He knew that she enjoyed very much having sex with him, but they did it so often, that he wasn't sure if he was forcing her in some way. Now he was certain that she wanted it as much as he did. Igato was delighted to learn this.

"I'll be in charge today, my darling," Jasmine said.

"This a pleasant surprise," Igato responded.

Jasmine began lowering her body until her pussy lips touched the tip of Igato's phallus. She gasped softly while she wondered if she would be brave enough to shove his cock into herself as deep as he always did. She was already picturing it in her mind and she was determined to make it real.

The first centimeters were easy, until she found some resistance. She pushed herself up and then down again, letting the long phallus penetrate a little deeper. She repeated the action, lowering her body and plunging the cock deeper every time. Jasmine wasn't sure what was going on inside of her, but at certain moment she felt her guts shifting, allowing her body go all the way down until her ass rested on his crotch and her level of pleasure ascended to the roof.

She had done it! Igato's cock had penetrated her womb and now most of his long phallus was lodged in her shivering body. Jasmine brought a hand to her upper abdomen and could clearly feel a bulge where the tip of his cock was stretching her loins. It was mind-blowing!

Jasmine tried to move her hips but she was so utterly penetrated that she could barely do it. Then she tried to bounce up and down but this was just as difficult. She was becoming frustrated, but soon enough Igato came to the rescue. 

Jasmine felt his hands on her waist and she knew that her job was done. All she had to do now was to let him work his magic.

And Igato certainly did his part. His body frame was rather slim but he was much stronger than he looked. Jasmine's body weight was insignificant to him and he made this clear while he handled her like a puppet on top of him. 

He pulled Jasmine's body up and then smashed her down onto his phallus over and over. She was enjoying this so much, that a few minutes later she was on the verge of her first climax of the day.

Her feeble body suddenly went rigid as fireworks exploded behind her eyes. Jasmine's legs shoot straight out and started shivering in short, rapid spams while her arms jolted out of control. Jasmine was climaxing so hard, yet the sex session was just beginning. Jasmine knew that there were many more orgasm on the way.

****

More days passed and the horny couple was not slowing down. However, despite the fact that they were having a great time together, they were still locked behind bars. Jasmine would be happy to wait a few more days to be released as long as she had that large cock to keep her entertained, but Igato didn't feel the same way. He had things to do back home and he had a plan to get out of jail as soon as possible.

"We have to get out of this place today, and I am going to need your help." Igato said.

"I thought...uugh... that we were getting out in a few days. Can't we just wait?" Jasmine asked.

"I will get out sooner than you. Do you want to stay here alone?" Igato asked.
