 Part 3

"Is that its cock? It is big!" Jasmine asked.

"That is its tongue. The slug has to make sure that we are suitable hosts," Aisha explained.

The creature quickly determined that Aisha was a female and a potential host, but it couldn't be sure until doing a thorough exploration of her vaginal cavity. The red woman gasped when she felt the squirming tongue caressing her thighs, then her pussy. She knew what was going to happen next and her body was trembling with anticipation.

Jasmine watched astounded as the flexible appendage found Aisha's vaginal entry and penetrated a few centimeters. Then the slug squirmed forward, slowly pushing its entire tongue into the woman's pussy. Once it was completely inside, the appendage twisted and churned within the tight cavity, analyzing her anatomy.

"Wow! It shoved the entire thing inside of you. I can see it moving within your belly!"

Aisha moaned loudly from the wonderful sensation of the exploring tongue. Jasmine could see the head of the slug attached to her friend's crotch but she could only imagine what was happening inside. 

However, the pleasurable act didn't last for long. The slug quickly concluded that the female would be a perfect host and it dragged its body backwards, removing the long tongue from Aisha's pussy.

"That was all? It was very fast," Jasmine said, a bit disappointed.

"Of course that was not all. It is just beginning. Now this lovely creature is going to mount me."

As Aisha predicted, the slug moved forward again, and this time it didn't plugged its tongue back into her pussy. It started climbing on top of her belly while the woman rested her back on the floor, making the task easier.

Jasmine watched the slug's diligent motions wondering what was going to happen next. The tongue was still exposed, squirming between Aisha's breasts.

"Is it heavy?"

"Not too much. Its body is bloated because it is filled with eggs."

The creature was heavier than it looked and the sensation was really nice while it dragged its slimy body over Aisha's clitoris.

When half of the slug was on top of Aisha, she lifted her hips off the ground and the slug bent is boneless body, enveloping the woman's crotch from her upper belly to the small of her back. Then it used a special fluid to fasten its skin to hers, firmly anchoring between her legs.

"Ughh! It is penetrating me! It feels so good!"

Jasmine kept watching intently. She couldn't see what was really happening beneath the bulk of the creature but her imagination was reeling with visions of the slug's cock penetrating her friend. Jasmine realized at that moment that her body was on fire and she wanted to have the same experience.

The aroused woman didn't have to wait long before another slug was brought into the room. She hunkered down on the floor while watching the creature get closer with an exasperating slow pace.

"Uhhg... he is going deeper," Aisha exclaimed, unintentionally making Jasmine jelous.

When it was close enough, the slug extruded its tongue and Jasmine's pussy jolted with expectancy. The slug wasn't touching her yet but a drop of her own vaginal juice was already swinging from her nether lips. 

The tip of the tongue found Jasmine's pussy and penetrated her without hesitation. The aroused woman wanted that appendage all the way inside of her at once, but it took a while before the slug's entire tongue was buried within her vaginal walls. It felt wonderful!

Jasmine could feel it churning and twisting, as if it was searching for something. She remembered her friend's word... 'the slug has to make sure that we are suitable hosts'. Jasmine hoped the tongue would remained inside of her long enough to provide an orgasm.

Unfortunately, that didn't happen. The slug pulled out of her before she could reach climax. Jasmine was disappointed but she knew that this was just the beginning. She copied what Aisha did earlier. Jasmine rested on her back and waited for the creature to mount her.

A moment later, the giant slug was delightfully rubbing the girl's clitoris while it climbed onto her belly. Jasmine moaned softly and stared at the large tongue that waved in front of her face. She wondered if the creature's cock was just as big. She pussy twitched just thinking about it.

When half of the slug's body was on top of her, Jasmine lifted her hips and it immediately bent around her crotch, enveloping her pussy and ass. The creature's flesh was cold but very soft, and it felt nice over the woman's tender skin. 

"God! It is embracing me so tightly. This feels great!" Jasmine said excitedly.

A few seconds later, Jasmine felt them...

Two proboscis were penetrating her pussy and ass at the same time!

"It is fucking my ass too!"

The slug's cocks grew larger while penetrating deeper. Jasmine screamed in bliss.

Jasmine couldn't tell when the cocks stopped growing because she exploded in climax before that happened. The orgasmic spasms rippled violently through her body making her shiver from head to toe. She kept her hips high up nonetheless, afraid that the creature might stopped fucking her if she let it touch the ground. Jasmine couldn't know that the slug was not going to release her for several hours.

Two meters away, Aisha was not climaxing yet but she was almost there. The red woman had done this before and she was trying to pace herself.

Many hours later and after countless orgasms, Jasmine was now sitting on the couch with the slug still between her legs, enveloping the lower half of her torso. Aisha was standing beside her, explaining what was happening.

"Verdian slugs are very rare. That's why their eggs are extremely valuable. It will take some time for then to copy our DNA but when that is done, they will place the eggs inside of us."

"I don't mind having his cocks inside of me. They are so deep and they feel so good... But if I continue cumming like this, I will die from exhaustion."

"It won't take much longer," Aisha said.

Coincidentally, at that very moment, Jasmine felt her pussy lips stretching even more as something wide was pushed into her vaginal cavity.

"Oh my God! I can feel it! One egg is entering my body."

The slug's cocks were in reality ovipositors. Since the initial penetration, Jasmine could feel them slowly moving inside of her, but now that the eggs were on the way, the appendages were throbbing and wiggling with decisive purpose. 

Jasmine felt the ovoid moving all the way from her pussy lips to her uterus. She couldn't tell how large the egg was but it was definitely big. She was imagining the tip of the ovipositor expanding and releasing the precious object into her womb. She also didn't know how many eggs were going to be deposited inside of her. The only certainty was that she would be reaching another climax before it was over.

Many hours later, Igato entered the room. He had never seen the process of smuggling slug's egg and he was curious about it. He was also hoping to enjoy a quickie with Jasmine. Unfortunately, when he saw the slug wrapped around the woman's crotch, he understood that this was not an option.

"Hi Jasmine. How is it going? Have you been carrying that slug between your legs all this time?"

"Igato! Hi! Where have you been? You would not believe what Aisha and I have been doing the last twenty-four hours."

He was happy to see Jasmine nonetheless, and it became obvious that she was also excited to see him. Jasmine stood up and awkwardly walked closer to him. The creature was more slender than it was at the beginning, since must its eggs had been pushed into the woman's body, but it was still large enough to keep her legs apart.

Jasmine was strangely proud of her bulging belly and she showed it to Igato.

"The slug had push five eggs inside of me! Aisha says they are very valuable."

"I can see that. Does it hurt when the eggs enter your body? We can cancel the whole thing if you want."

"Absolutely not. Quite the opposite. I honestly lost count of how many times I have cum."

"I am happy for you. It seem that you are becoming a professional smuggler."

Jasmine explained that she had two ovipositors plugged into her body at all times, but only the one in her pussy was extruding eggs. Maybe the slug had decided that her ass was not a good place to shelter its offspring.

Igato was amazed of how well Jasmine was managing her precarious situation. Not only she was doing whatever was necessary to go back home, but she was enjoying the ride. This woman was amazing.

When Igato was turning around to leave the room, Jasmine stopped him. She went down to her knees, grabbed his enormous cock and pulled it onto her mouth. The woman was hungry and there was a perfectly good source of cum right in front of her. Also, Igato was her dear friend and she couldn't let him go without giving him at least one satisfying blowjob.

I am going to suck his entire cock, even if it seems impossible.

The humanoid was happy to oblige. If he couldn't fuck Jasmine, having her swallow his cock was the next best thing. Although, he wasn't sure that she could handle the girth of his phallus.

After a few unsuccessful attempts, Jasmine was able to shove the tip of Igato's cock beyond her throat and then the rest of the long appendage sunk in easily.

"You never cease to amaze me, Jasmine. You can do the impossible!"

I am doing it! Just a few more centimeters and I'll have his whole cock inside of me!

When the woman's nose touched his pelvis, Jasmine was on the verge of climax, but she did her best to hold it back. She was planning to suck her friend's cock until he was done and that was going to take a while. Jasmine pulled back to breathe, then she swallowed the entire phallus again.

Wet, slurping noises filled the room as Jasmine worked on Igato's cock and Aisha couldn't resist getting closer to watch the show. The red woman wondered how Jasmine was able to handle such a large phallus. She was definitely doing a good job.

After ten minutes, Aisha heard Igato grunting and at that very moment, Jasmine exploded in ecstasy. They both were reaching climax at the same time. Jasmine's body twitched and jolted violently but she kept her lover's cock within her throat, letting his delicious sperm gush directly into her belly.

While Aisha stared, the scene got even more arousing when a thin line of cum escape from Jasmine's stretched lips and dribbled down onto her chest. That was when Aisha realized that her sexy friend was full and she figured that Jasmine wouldn't mind sharing.

The sperm is dripping from her mouth. I guess her body is completely saturated with Igato's sperm. 

The red woman knelt behind Jasmine, grabbed her shoulders and pulled her back. Igato's long cock slowly vacated Jasmine's throat until the tip was out of her mouth.

Aisha's pussy twitched around the slug's cock when she saw that Igato was still ejaculating. She knew that she had to move fast if she wanted to drink some of that tasty sperm.

He is still cumming!

Aisha moved to the side, grabbed Igato's cock and shoved it into her mouth. She was able to catch and swallow the last loads of cum that gushed from the humanoid's cock. It was delicious. The amount of sperm was not enough to fill her belly but she guessed that somebody else would be entering the room soon enough. She could get more sperm then.

I wish there was more, but a little is better than nothing.

Jasmine was still in the midst of climax. This orgasm was delightfully devastating and her brain was barely functional. The slug, however, was wondering why the host was clutching its ovipositors so hard every couple of seconds.

When Aisha finished licking his cock clean, Igato turned around and started walking away. 

"Coming here to visit was definitely a good idea," he said, then he added, "keep up the good work, girls. I'll come back in a couple of days."

Jasmine was recovering fast and she said, "A couple of days?! Come back tomorrow!"

While this happened, the slugs were urgently trying to create more eggs and shove them into the perfect hosts, but the process was slow. In fact, the process of creating new eggs was too slow and as soon as Igato left the room, Aisha started pulling Jasmine's slug away from her crotch. 

The creature was glued to the girl's skin firmly enough to fuck her deeply, but not enough to prevent a strong woman like Aisha to peel it off the host.

"This one doesn't have any more eggs," Aisha said.

Jasmine moaned loudly when she felt both appendages sliding out of her pussy and ass at the same.

At first, Jasmine wasn't happy with Aisha because she could have removed the slug when Igato was in the room and she could have fuck his brains out. But her disappointment vanished when the red woman explained that the egg-shoving process was far from over. 

In a matter of minutes, another slug was brought into the room. Jasmine laid on the floor and watched it slowly getting closer to her. The creature took its time, and every minute that went by, Jasmine got more aroused.

Is it my imagination or this slug is bigger than the previous one? Jasmine thought. Then she said, "Should I take this one?"

"It is yours," Aisha responded, "They'll bring mine in a moment."

Much to Jasmine's delight, the second slug was indeed bigger than the first. The entire process was repeated step by step. The creature shoved its large tongue into Jasmine's pussy and wiggled it around for a while, then it mounted her and shoved both ovipositors in her pussy and ass. Jasmine climaxed even before they were all the way in.

As the hours passed, the slug began shoving eggs inside of the host's womb. Jasmine's belly was already bloated and it grew even bigger to accommodate the new offspring.

Aisha's mate was also larger and she lovingly grabbed its slimy body when she felt the first egg stretching her pussy lips and entering into her vaginal cavity. 

Jasmine was elated by the whole experience. She was kneeling immobile on the floor with her arms hanging limply by her sides, knowing that she didn't have to do anything else to feel like she was in heaven.

She felt her womb expanding a little bit more to make room for new eggs and that was all she needed to reach yet another orgasm. Her eyes rolled back and her mind went blank while a loud scream of unrestrained bliss echoed against the walls of the big chamber.

In Jasmine's mind, this new occupation as a smuggler turned out to be a freaking dream job. But she was naive to think that it was going to be this easy and this pleasurable all the time.

****

A few days later, Jasmine and Aisha were crossing the portal with full pregnant bellies. Igato was with them and he was the only one who knew the exact place of delivery for the precious eggs, just in case the DNA trick didn't work as planned.

They were received by a one-eye troll at the gate and he immediately asked them to stepped into the DNA scanner. 

"Stop right there," the guard said, "that is not your natural shape. What are you transporting?"

"These females are mine. They are carrying my babies," Igato lied.

Jasmine walked behind the scream with nervousness. She had done this before and ended up in jail. But her curvy silhouette was displayed with no imperfections and with a single shade, which meant that there was no foreign DNA inside of her. The babies growing inside of her womb were really hers... which in fact was not true.

This damned prawn is one lucky bastard. The guard thought, looking at Igato, then said, "She is clean. The red one is next."

Later that same day, the trio was arriving at an underground lair. When they reached the entrance, one of the guards aimed his gun and commanded them to stop. The leader of the reptilian gang, Kunin, was checking a new stasis device. 

"That is close enough. Who are you and what do you want?" the guard asked.

"We have a delivery for Kunin," Igato responded.

Jasmine looked scared at the guard and his gun. She thought this was going to be a friendly meeting but apparently this was a hostile group. She started to have second thoughts about this smuggling job.

Kunin saw Igato and approached the arriving group. He knew what was the purpose of his presence... the verdian eggs were here! He commanded his guard to stand down.

"Look what the cat dragged in, Igato and his big cock are here. Do you bring my eggs?" Kunin asked.

"Yes, Ethur sent us to bring your merchandise. This lovely ladies are carrying the eggs."

Ummh... the pink one looks nice and soft. thought one of lower range reptilian.

Igato was well aware of the violent nature of the reptilians and he urged Jasmine and Aisha to step forward and show their distended bellies. Seeing the cargo safe and sound inside of their wombs would keep Kunin in a good mood.

Igato made the introductions and without too much protocol, they moved into action.

Both Kunin and his subordinate, Vargo, sat on a table and the boss instructed the girls to suck their dicks. Jasmine was astounded by this hasty request and she hesitated, but Aisha knelt in front of one of the reptilians without saying a word and began stroking his cock. 

"What's wrong, my darling? Are you shy?" Kunin asked Jasmine.

"No sir, I'll do as you say," Jasmine responded, imitating Aisha.

Igato didn't want Kunin to know that this was Jasmine's first smuggling job but it became obvious rather quickly. Jasmine was still confused about what was going on. If she was supposed to just deliver the eggs, why was she sucking this reptilian's cock? Not that she was complaining but he didn't even say hello. That was rude.

Wow! His cock is growing so much! I wonder if it will fit inside of me. Jasmine wondered.

But Jasmine was up for the challenge and a couple of minutes later, she had most of Kunin's cock down her throat. The boss was truly impressed by the woman's determination and her capacity to stretch her oral cavity to the limit.

That's my girl. You are handling his cock so easily. Igato thought, as if Jasmine could hear him.

Igato was confident of Jasmine's sexual abilities. And Aisha had proven herself countless times. This mission should run smoothly.

One meter away, Aisha was not going to be outdone by a newcomer like Jasmine. She was swallowing Vargo's entire cock with unrestrained passion.

"Where did you find this one? She is so tight and warm," Kunin asked.

Jasmine could feel her pussy getting wet from having such a huge cock in her mouth, but then she felt Kunin's hand pulling her head back. The fat phallus vacated her mouth with a loud slurping sound. 

"That's enough sucking. Jump on the table with me."

Jasmine climbed on the table. Her vaginal fluids were dripping down her inner thighs, clear evidence of her excitement. Kunin was now lying flat on his back and commanded Jasmine to straddle his hips. She did, never taking her eyes off the fat cock that was about to penetrate her body.

Because her belly was full with eggs, Jasmine assumed that Kunin was going to fuck her ass. He immediately confirmed that.

"I am going to shove my big cock into the tiny hole of your ass. This is going to be fun," Kunin said.

"This is the best blowjob I've enjoyed in my entire life!" Vargo said, still fucking Aisha's mouth. But then he copied what his boss was doing.

Vargo also laid flat on the table while Aisha climbed on top. She stood there admiring the big cock that was about to enter her body. The red woman knew exactly what was the purpose of this spontaneous orgy and she couldn't wait to begin the real action. Meanwhile, Jasmine was lowering her hips and guiding Kunin's phallus to the right spot.

I hope his big cock doesn't harm the precious eggs. Jasmine thought.
