 Hey everyone, this is my first attempt at an erotic story. I've started other chapters, but I may or may not be posting them. Depending on the response I get here, I'd be absolutely happy to post them, and tweak them some if that would make them better. I'm totally open to taking suggestions and criticism from who want to be constructive.

Anyways, this story is based on the work Kenko Cross has done with the concept of mamono and monster girls. I hope I do it justice. Let me know how you all are enjoying it. 

Genkam95

***

*****

A thousand years ago, the world changed. People lived in constant fear of death and destruction. If you lived near any sort of wilderness, you made sure your family was tucked away before the sun went down. If you lived near any type of ocean, you never went too far from the main land. If you were near caves or mountains, you kept a light burning all night long. Things like these were what you expected to do, never knowing if they would really work to protect you family. But that was a thousand years ago, and things are very different now. 

Monsters no longer hunt humans like they use to. Most people aren't afraid of some monster coming in the middle of the night to destroy them, and there isn't a real reason to fear it these days. After all everything changed when the current demon lord rose to power. A thousand years ago, people say that the former lord of the demon realm was assassinated, and his throne was taken by a succubus of the highest class. Using a strange and forbidden magic, she bound the souls and bodies of monster all over the world to her, changing both their nature and physical form. In an instant, monsters everywhere became fond of humans just like there new mistress. 

See, the vast majority of monsters are collections of demonic energy given physical form. For thousands of years, the nature of that energy was to consume. Demons, monsters and the like would ravage villages and countries, consuming and destroying everything within their sight. That was what their purpose was, that's what they were created to do. But since the current queen of the infernal realms came to power, she changed that. For reasons unknown, she is fond of humanity. As a succubus, she sustains herself off the power of male souls, but still she isn't interested in killing. Most of her kind would drain a man so completely that they'd shrivel up, a husk of his former vitality. But she only wants to take enough to survive.

And since the nature and physical form of monsters and demons everywhere reflects her nature, you can imagine what that means. Most monsters these days are concerned only with the seduction of human men. Maybe I should say men in general, after all there are other races that are neither human nor demon. The elves, the dwarves, the fairies, none of which are human, but all of which are naturally occurring like humans. Monsters on the other hand, are now all female, and pursue men of any race with the same fever as they used while pursuing our destruction all those years ago. 

Though most people no longer live in fear of humanities eradication, most now only fear for their sons and daughters humanity. The "Mamono" as monsters call themselves now, reproduce in two ways. The first, most common way, is seducing a man, turning him in to an incubus, and using him to bread. The change from human to incubus varies from person to person, but occurs any time a man is exposed to demonic energy. Even if it's just a little, it will slowly change a man of any race into an incubus over time. But the change really only effects the body, making it easier to get it up and keep it up for extended periods of time. 

Women on the other hand, don't have it as easy, because the second means of mamono reproduction is infection. Few of the mamono races can do this, but those that can, convert women in to mamono versions of their former selves. It's far less common than normal reproduction because it can only be done by one of the pure succubus races. For instance, a harpy or a werewolf wouldn't be able to do this, nor would the vast majority of monsters. But, demons, such as the Vampires, Lilim, Amazons, Alps, Alicesess, and last but not least, the succubus, can do this almost at will. Fortunately, most of them are so concerned with capturing "Husbands" that they leave human women pretty much alone.

Finding one of the real demons is pretty rare, but there are other things that are even rarer. For instance, angelic beings are nearly impossible to find. They are pretty much just angelic energy given physical form. Different angels do different things, or so I'm told. No one really knows because it's been a couple ten thousand years since anyone has seen them. There are also elementals. Elementals are pretty much condensed magical energy given physical form. You're probably noticing a pattern here. Take a lot of any kind of energy in one place, and bang, you get some kind of something. 

In school, they teach you all about it. Which types of mamonos to avoid, which types are okay to interact with, how to avoid he ones that aren't, and how to tell when you are about to be attacked. These are all pretty much standard things to learn in school, and since most town and villages have some kind of agreement, the mamono are allowed in the villages to try to find husbands or mates or whatever. Some mamono even establish their own villages. That was something I learned the hard way.

Amazons, are pretty much a group of warrior women that like to live in the forest. I had gotten lost in the forest near our village when I was about seven, and never really made it back out. In our particular forest, there are two different mamono settlements. The amazons, a proud and violent race of warrior women who like to hunt for sport, food, and men, are the first forest dwellers in these parts. Second are the Kunoichi. The Kunoichi are succubus assassins. They pretty much spend their time perfecting the art of killing, so they can take assassination jobs for lords of the land. Both are a type of demon succubus, but they have a really strong rivalry. 

My name Jason, and when I was found by the amazons, my friend Artemis and her mom who had been looking for food, or men, maybe both I don't know, and stumbled across me. Not knowing I was eventually going to end up property, I went along with them thinking they would help me get out of the village. They fed me, clothed me, and even put me up for a while. When I tried to leave, Artemis reminded (which involved slapping the crap out of me) that I was going to be staying with her from now on. And so I did. 

It wasn't all bad though, in fact it might have been one of the best things that happened to me. While there, I learned a lot about fighting. And considering that the amazons are one of the most physically powerful and skilled races anywhere, I had some of the best teachers one could hope for. I was even allowed to do a little bit of training in the rival Kunoichi village. And now at the age of twenty, I'm one of the fiercest warriors around. Even among the amazons and the Kunoichi, I'm not one to be trifled with. Years of hard work and training has made me one of the few men in the village capable of physically competing with them.

A week ago, Artemis and her mother, who I had only ever addressed as Ma'am, sat down with me at dinner. This wasn't a rare occurrence, but tonight there was something different about each of them. Having grown up together, Artemis and I had bounded like siblings. Though I was never naive enough to think someday I'd escape being married to Artemis, a small part of me hoped it would never happen. And tonight was a reminder of that. As Ma'am sat down at the table she nodded to Artemis seriously, and motioned for her to speak. I watched Artemis as she flushed, and could tell that this conversation was going to be interesting at best. 

"I know you probably already know this, but my twenty first birthday is coming up soon." She started looking at her plate, "And that means that if I don't chose a husband, than I won't be allowed to stay in the village." Artemis was now looking at me. "I'm a lot quieter than most of my sisters, and I haven't really gone looking for a husband, so mother thanks that it might be best if I just choose you."

Artemis wasn't wrong when she said that she wasn't as outgoing as most other amazons. On the battle field, or during a hunt, few could match her skill and blood lust. Most people in the village considered her to be among the strongest five warriors we had, and for good reason, she was death incarnate. But socially, she was far more reserved than her friends. Most young women in the village were very vocal about sex and who they desired it from. I myself sometimes had to fight to keep them from claiming me, which often times created a little animosity. But Artemis was never like that. She was quiet, shy and in contrast to her sisters in the village, quite conservative (or at least what humans would consider conservative) about sex and marriage. 

"My mother is afraid that if I continue on, people will not only have I kicked out, but they will also punish her for raising a prudish daughter like myself." She was again talking, "So instead of having a great big ceremony, like the others do, I though you and I could just screw somewhere privately, and then use magic to confirm I have claimed you." As she finished speaking, I looked over to Ma'am, and saw that she was not at all happy with the suggestion. 

Typically, a young woman has up until the age of twenty one to find a husband, and claim him. The moment she does, she is considered an adult, no matter what her actual age is. Claiming your husband for the amazons was less about the marriage ceremony, and more about the orgy that followed. Directly after any and all weddings, it was customary for the bride to have sex in front of the entire village. In fact, it was entirely possible to skip the actual wedding and just screw a man to prove he was going to be your husband. Most men wouldn't have the strength or mental fortitude to get away before or after fucking with an amazon. 

The fact that at the age of twenty one, Artemis had not already claimed someone, yet was still one of the single most skilled warriors in the village, was perplexing to most of her sisters. But that's just the way it was for her, I understood that she was just quiet, but in the eyes of her kin, they assumed she was pretending to be a warrior so no one would see she was a "prude". And in amazon culture, that was the biggest insult you could make about someone.

"Well, if that is what you want me to do, then I will." I said as mother and daughter looked at each other. My words must have come to a surprise to both of them, because the usually calm and collected Ma'am was staring at me with shock painted on her face. She quickly turned to her daughter, then back to me having regained her composure and said, "You do recognize that that means there will be no escape for you from this village, and that we will need someone to verify you two have actually mated?" I nodded, understanding the ramifications. It wasn't like I had much of a choice to begin with. If not Artemis, it would eventually be someone. I also was quiet fond of Artemis, and wanted the best for her. If this is what that meant, then that is what I would do. 

Dinner continued in silence. I had assumed we were done with this uncomfortable conversation, after all, I had just agreed to sleep with someone I considered my sister, what more could they want? "So do either of you have any idea who you will get to watch you?" Ma'am said breaking the silence. Artemis looked over to me, asking silently if I had any ideas. I did not, and my silence was answer enough. "Well, maybe Marie, would be willing to watch..." She said quietly.

It was quickly agreed upon, and I was sent to go collect Marie. As I did, I thought for a moment, about how the night might end. Artemis was one of the few people in the village I considered friend, and beyond that she was my adopted sister. I didn't remember my old family, but I think if I had a sister, she would have been something like Artemis. It was more than the closeness we shared, it was also our similarities. I was six foot seven, she was six foot three. We both had tall, slender builds, which is unusual for a man or a woman in an amazon settlement. Each of us had brown skin that was nearly the same shade, brown eyes, and brown hair. The only really physical difference besides our genders and my height, was the streak of blond hair that ran down the front of her braids. 

Marie was outside in a tree when I came for her. She was perched near the top, and watching the moon light dance across the water. Marie was also an oddity among the amazons, not because she liked peace, a quality lost on most of her sisters, but because she was their oracle. As such, her word was second only to the elder, and was obeyed nearly unflinchingly. Her lack of blood lust though didn't gain her any points with the others. She at least had married when she was eighteen, which wasn't common, but acceptable at least.

"Marie, I come on behalf of Artemis, do you have a moment?" This was the typical way to address a woman in the village. She descended the trees quickly, dropping and swinging from branch to branch as she did, landing only a few inches in front of me. "What does my sister need of me this evening?" She asked eyebrow arched. Marie was short for an amazon, standing only five foot two inches, but she was still clearly a fighter. Well-toned and built muscles lined her entire body, but amazingly enough, did not subtract from the female form. Her pale skin had a light peppering of scars, which was to be expected from any woman in the village.

"Artemis intends to take me as her husband, but without the ceremony. We need a witness, and would be honored if you wouldn't mind witnessing for us." She was regarding me now, with a curious expression as I finished talking. "Well, I never thought the day would come. You two are finally getting together. Of course I'll witness for you." She said smiling wickedly. I had to remind myself that just because she didn't lust for blood, didn't mean she wasn't lustful. 

***

"You two ready?" asked Marie. We had found a small private enclosure deep within the forest, and had decided it was as good a place as any. It had only taken us a few moments to set the mat down, and exchange vows. I would elaborate, but it's little more than a nicety among amazons. 

Artemis nodded at Marie's question, and began to disrobe. I had never seen Artemis naked before, but I knew from how her clothes fit, that if nothing else, I was in for a good show. She undid the ties of her blue dress, and let it fall to the floor. Her hair had been tied up in the back as not to be in the way. Her face was flushed, blushing more profusely than I had ever seen. Her eyes avoiding mine, as I gazed at her perfect naked body. 

Being slimmer than most, the amount of muscle she had was almost deceptively hard to see under her soft brown skin. And though she was slim, her breast hung proudly in the moonlight. I couldn't tell you how large they were, but I do know they weren't overly large. They were perfectly shaped, and even without anything supporting them, they still stood high and firm. They were a lighter brown than the rest of skin, from the lack of exposure, but had the darkest, nipples I had ever seen (You see things in a village were people like to screw in public). As my eyes scanned over her body, I could also see, that bellow her perfectly tones stomach, she was completely shaved. Her pussy could be seen just a little as she stood in front of me, and I could see her dark lips were bare, as they peaked out between her strong thighs. 

I striped off the shirt I was wearing, as well as pants, and stood waiting for her. It was custom for booth men and women to be completely naked before the next stage was begun. She sat down on the mat beneath us, propping herself up on her elbows as she spread her legs. She looked at me, and raising her hand directing me to come to her. As I did, she ran her fingers through my hair and guided my head to her pussy. Looking at it now, I could see it was darker than the rest of her skin, and that inside pink could be seen peeking out amongst the dark lips. I hooked my hands around her thigh, and slowly licked her pussy from top to bottom. 

I looked up briefly, and saw that Artemis was playing with her perfect dark nipples as she closed her eyes. I licked again and again, trying my best to eat her out, and eventual pushed my mouth flush against her pussy. Like this I was able to tease the inside of her pussy and really lick deep within. I began licking at the inside and tongue fucking her, to which she responded with a moan. I continued eating her pussy, and began to taste something equal parts sweet and musky. Her pussy was becoming wet with not only my saliva, but also her own juices now, and they were fantastic. As she pulled my head tighter in to her beautiful black pussy I pulled her thighs closer, trying to get in deeper to taste more of her pussy juice. 

She moaned loudly now as I ate her out. Thrusting her hips against my face, rubbing her juices over my chin and mouth, I could tell from my own limited experience watching others at their ceremonies, this was getting good for her. She continued to thrust her hips in to my face in time with how I was thrusting my tongue inside of her. "Oh fuck, oh fuck..." I looked up to see her moaning, and redoubled my efforts as the pitch of her voice rose. "Don't stop, don't fucking stop please, don't!" She was screaming now as I ate her out. I spread her pussy with my hands, and licked at it as she shook her hips against my face. This caused me to come in to contact with her clit by accident, eliciting a loud moan.

I focused my attention on the small nub, and licked at it roughly. This caused her to scream and moan loudly, as well as shake. Pulling her closer I even sucked on it experimentally. She immediately bucked her hips against my mouth and I knew this would make her cum. I continued to lick and suck on her clit for several moments, even as her thighs locked around my head and her hips thrust against my mouth. And with a loud shriek, her body went rigid as her back arched. Her voice rose until it was a silent shriek, and then she was cumming, shooting her juices against my chin and lips as I ate her out. As her hips and back fell down to the ground, I noticed that faintly glowing purple lines had appeared on skin.

These lines were runes, which appeared solid on the "Adult amazons" who had already chosen husbands. After we were done, and she received my cum, the lines would be solid and permanent, not just glowing impressions. 

She pushed me away from her pussy as she groaned and moaned. I watched as she rubbed her pussy lightly in the afterglow of orgasm. Being tired of lying on my stomach with the raging hard on I hadn't even realized I had, I rolled on to my back. Doing so, I was greeted to the sight of Marie masturbating next to us. She was lying on the corner of the mat, and had her hands rubbing slowly at the lips of her pussy, and teasing her clit. 

Having been distracted, I was surprised when I felt Artemis straddle me. She had my hard, nine inch, cock in hand and was rubbing the head against her soaked pussy. She placed a hand on my abs as she started to insert the head, and allowed gravity to do the rest. In a single, slow passing moment, both of our virginities were lost. I could feel her maiden head split and tear on me, as she fell further on to my cock. She screamed briefly, feeling the pain of having popped her cherry. She was still on top of me now, breathing hard as she adjusted to the girth and length of my eight inch cock.
