 I'm carrying all of my belongings on my back. Not light at all, but not really heavy either. I always make sure I can pack up and go; no place is ever safe.

Leaving such a beautiful port is such a shame really. However, coin is coin. ‘No coin, no life. Know coin, know life. Money can't buy happiness’, so said by a rich man. Coin may not do just that, but it sure as the seven hells’ does help.

I've had to sell some of my procured items from a previous job to get by, but I'll never sell my tools of the trade sort to speak. I don't wear armor as others do.

 However my girl that is always on my side protects me. The lightest and strongest sword I could steal. Yeah, I stole her. That fat oaf didn't know how to treat her properly, so I took her for my own. Poor rich lord never knew what happened. But, that's a story for another time.

I also have my double sided battle axe. Short enough to use in close quarters; along with my lady. Tucked under my shirt, right on my lower back was my dagger. Slow-witted brawlers never see my mistress sliding out, till she's had her drink. Then there’s my twin knife in each boot; bow and quiver on my back for those silent long shots. Finally, a few throwing knives clipped on my belt. Just for kicks, I guess you can say I come prepared.

My compelling adventure takes me north, towards Wintervale. Someone along this road is bound to need my skills... I hope.

All was quiet on the winding dirt road, under the shade of the old trees. That was until a woman, and I might add a very attractive one at that comes running out of the woods.

Dress tattered and torn, her skin was sprinkled with dirt, splotches of dried blood on her cheeks, her white blonde hair, full of leaves and debris and yet none of that phased her appearance. Her ripe body, ample and tight in the right places as any man could want; there is something about her that appeals me.

"Please! I need help! Goblins are attacking my farm!" She screams at me, pleading for my help with panic in her eyes. Her eyes, blue as ice held me captive.

Goblins, this far south? The rumors are true then. But why? At that moment my sell sword brain takes over. "I can help, but it'll cost you." I know, not very gentleman like, but as I said, a man's got to eat.

"What!" She exclaims. Both anger and despair upon her beautiful face. "Fine!" Her soft features turn hard. "After, you help drive them out. Then I’ll pay you." I offer her my hand, but am met with refusal as she slaps my hand away. Standing up as elegant as any lady, she then curses me, "Damn sell swords!" Then spits at my feet, right then and there i knew I was starting to like her.

I feel guilty, "Sorry my lady, but I'm in desperate need of coin, nothing personal." Her gaze narrows at me and her fists clench. If looks could kill, I quickly add before she could get a word in, "Point me in the right direction and I'll dispatch your unwanted guests with the expediency of a true professional." I give her my best gentlemanly bow. She brushes it off and points me in the direction of her farm. She's shaking from fear and the loss of adrenaline along with some blood.

I ask her the usual questions before I leave. How many? Are they armed? Are there any orcs with them? She tells me what she was able to remember; something was better than going into the unknown.

"Here." I hand her one of my knives. Looking at it for a moment, she takes it with a unsteady hand. "Stay here and I'll be back soon."

"No!" Her exclamation surprises me. "It's my father's farm. I should go with you." Resolve replaces her fear. Her body language abruptly changes from scared to resolute in her need to defend what's hers.

"Are you certain?" I ask. “Just a moment ago you desperately ran out of the woods. It's ok to stay, really. You'll be safe here." I put my hands on her shoulders to reassure her; instead I caused her to flinch away from my touch, I hastily moved my hands away.

"Yes. I'll be fine. I'll just show you the way and stay back. I'll flee if necessary. Besides, you'll have to protect me if you want your payment." With her mind made up she leads the way. I smile as I watch her behind sway back into the woods. She's something else alright.

She tells me her story along the way, tells me she was tending the farm when a band of goblins rushed her. Wits and some luck saved her life. Two goblins tried to capture her when she able to hit the first with the shovel, taking the goblin by surprise. However its teeth smashed by the impact and purple blood spurting out its mouth. Yet the second one, managed to grab her. Scratching her with its black filthy claws; fighting for her life she freed herself by kicking him where the sun don't shine before the others caught up to her she ran which was when she ran into him.

I’m expensive help; nevertheless you get what you pay for. I aim to please my customers and I never once had an unsatisfied customer; except that one time when one of the king’s soldiers asked me to murder the king, but that’s was another story for another time.

Getting back to the matter at hand; goblins are small, vile creatures. About the height of a man's waist, with black claws, yellow pointy teeth, skin a pale shade of green and big wide yellow demonic eyes. That species are not known for their intelligence, but their alliance with orcs they were deadly.

It's the orcs that are the real threat; they were as tall if not taller than a fully grown meal, their kind also possessed dark green skin, yellow eyes and bottom jaws that protrude out because of their tusks.

Approaching the farm, I ask her to wait while I do my work. Funny, I never asked her name. No time for that now. There's work to be done.