 Be careful what you wish for. Oh, and don't go into one of those dusty shops. The type of shop that wasn't there yesterday. The type of shop with all sorts of strange old things on the shelves. The type of shop that even though it wasn't there yesterday has at the same time been there for years! And if you do go in, don't buy anything!

My adventure started when I made the mistake of entering such a shop. The woman behind the counter looked about five hundred years old and more dusty even than her stock. I could feel her eyes on me as I looked at the junk. I swear whole species of spider had evolved, thrived and died out in this shop! I turned and was heading for the door when I saw a little box, it was nicely made and it had a little brass handle on the front. I picked it up, 

"How much?" The old crone glared at me and I nearly put it back down again.

"Five pounds." Her voice sounded unused and croaky, but her blue eyes glared at me from under her shock of hair. I decided she wouldn't be open to negotiation and handed over a fiver, before running out of the shop. I put the box in my pocket and forgot about it.

It wasn't until I got home that I remembered the box, and got it out of my jacket pocket. It was really well made and looked old, a highly polished wood with brass inlay and a marquetry inlaid symbol on the top. I tried to open the lid but it was stuck. I looked for a keyhole or a catch but I couldn't see anything. I turned it around and around and heard a click. The lid flipped open and a cloud of powder covered me. I coughed and choked, my throat and mouth dry. My eyes itching. I headed for the bathroom, drinking a glass of water and washing my face of the powder. It left a red mark wherever it had touched my skin. I should have known, anything from that shop was going to be rubbish. I went to bed.

I guess I should be honest here, tell you about the man who went to bed that Friday night. I was in my fifties, a little overweight, hair thinning, a little short sighted. I wasn't very fit either. I went to sleep and didn't wake up until Sunday. My sheets were drenched and covered in some slimy excretion. I got to my feet, my whole body aching. I put my glasses on, blinked, everything was blurry so I took them off. I went into the bathroom and took a shower. Everything felt different, my body under the soap hard, my arms thicker. I seemed to have more hair, and had to go back for more shampoo. I lathered down and ... what the fuck! My penis was heavy, I mean really heavy, I had always been average down below, but this was ... a lot larger!

My clothes felt too big around the waist and too tight around my chest. I finally looked in a mirror, something I usually avoid. It was me that looked back, but me thirty years ago, and me who had been seriously working out. My hair was long and it shone, I looked at myself impressed. What had happened? Was I dreaming, hallucinating?

I left the house leaving my glasses beside my bed. Instead of my usual slightly sweaty, slightly breathless progress I found myself striding down the road, muscles moving smoothly, I broke into a run and it felt good. I jogged into town and decided to go along with the hallucination and buy some new clothes. I went into the type of shop I hadn't entered for years, one with loud music, all kinds of props and female shop assistants, officially there to advise, but actually they would flirt with the customers to make their sales targets. A girl with a badge "Hello I'm Sara" on her chest, came up. She stood with her hands clasped behind her bouncing on her toes a little in her flat shoes. She was short, just over five foot, slim, small high breasts with a thigh length black skirt, black tights and a light blue lycra top. She wore glasses and short light brunette hair and a small nose ring.

"Hello Sir, would you like me to help?" She smiled and by habit I avoided looking her in the eye, somehow looking at a girl when you aren't attractive yourself is inappropriate! I remembered what I saw in the mirror and raised my head looking her in the eyes. To my surprise I saw her eyes open slightly and it was her that turned away with a flush on her cheeks.

"Hello 'Sara', yes, what do you think, I need jeans, shirts, T-shirts, maybe some decent shoes?" We talked clothes, all business. She asked my sizes, and I replied I didn't know, so she picked out some sizes based on best guess and sent me to the changing room. Unusually the room was a proper room, not just a curtain. I got undressed, still surprised when I saw myself in the mirror when I caught a flash of movement out of the corner of my eye. I spotted a small hole, a viewing port and someone was behind it. Sara? My first reaction was to turn my back, but I caught a glance of myself in the mirror, and instead turned to face the hole, not looking at it. I removed all my clothes, including my underpants and stretched. I tried on a couple of shirts and some jeans until I found the right size, stripped naked again, the big penis banging against my thigh in an unfamiliar way, and dressed back in my old clothes.

Outside the changing room, Sara was flushed and seemed uncomfortable.

"I think these are the right ... size." I realise she isn't looking at me, she is looking at the floor. I can't resist it, "Are you OK, anyone would think you'd been peeking at me changing!" She goes bright red and mumbles a bit. Wow, this is the first time for years I had felt sexually desirable. And Sara was a pretty girl, it was nice. I picked up a few changes of clothes and went to the till with Sara to pay for them, her face still bright pink. She picked up a pen and scribbled something on the back of the receipt. On the way out of the store I read it. 

"Sorry. 07*** ******" It was her mobile number. I pulled out my phone as I walked home and sent a text;

"I really didn't mind! Hope you enjoyed the show!" I pressed send before I could change my mind and jogged home. 

At home I considered what had happened to me, it seemed it was real. I picked up the box. There was no powder I could find anywhere near where I opened it. That was strange, there was powder everywhere last night. My phone buzzed. It was Sara.

"Just finished work. I want you to know I've never peeked before." I smiled to myself, well she's texting....

"Is that a compliment?" A pause.

"yes."

"You didn't tell me did you like what you saw?" A much longer pause.

"Would you like to take me out?" I smiled at myself again, not really, even if I didn't look it any more I was over fifty, and she was, what 18? The last thing I wanted to do was go into a club! 

"Are you hungry? I can cook for you. I can pick you up if you like, I'm not far." I doubt she would be up for it, but if I'm honest I became aware it had been a couple of years since I had been with a woman, and she was lovely! A long pause, ten minutes at least.

"OK, I'll wait outside the shop." I smiled to myself, perhaps, perhaps! I got in my car and drove the couple of minutes into town. There she was, still dressed as she was in the shop, but with a jacket over the top. I pull up beside her and get out of the car.

"Hello Sara." I open the passenger door. "Did I tell you how pretty you are." Sara smiles shyly and quickly seats herself in the passenger seat. I walked round and got in the drivers seat.

"You must think me a real tart." She says, her jaw clenched, cheeks with a little flush.

"God no. I think you're a pretty girl. I think I'm very lucky you find me attractive." It does feel like my libido has increased too, I wonder if this wears off? I glance over to her, her skin is smooth and clean, no makeup except red lipstick. My eyes run down over her top where the jacket is open, she is showing a little cleavage tiny fair hairs make the skin glow, the outline of her bra showing through the sheer lycra. She is watching the road, mouth slightly open. Phew.

"Huh!" She smiles as she says it though. In my house she wonders round as I put together a stir fry, mince, peppers, rice, onions, mushrooms, peas, garlic, chili. She puts a hand out, touching things as if trying to add their texture to her image of it. I sit with her at the table, open a bottle of wine and put some bread in a bowl. We eat and I openly allow my eyes to wonder over her. Her small nose, wide eyes a light hazel, tiny ears little gold studs in each one. I have always found a womans mouth exciting and I watch as she talks, drinks, eats. Her teeth are small, white and even. My eyes travel over her neck, her shoulders, slim arms and perfect little hands, her nails cared for and varnished. 

I pull out a pot of ice cream from the freezer and two spoons, I take her into the lounge and sit her on the sofa. I take a seat on the floor arm on her lap so I can help myself to the ice cream. I continue to look at her, from here I can see her flat stomach, her slim hips and thighs. I rest a hand on her knee. Our conversation turns a little.

"Is it polite to look at me so closely?"

I smile, "Possibly not, but it is very rewarding! For example I noticed your nipples are showing now...." She blushes.

"You shouldn't be looking!"

"Really, you looked at me when you shouldn't have?" Sara reacts by looking down, but this time her chin comes up and looks back at me,

"You seemed to love it!" It was true.

"I did, the thought of your eyes resting on my privates!" I smile at her, "You never answered me, did you like what you saw?" Sara blushes down her chest, I find it .... Alluring

"You have a really nice body." She says, I smile at her,

"Thank you! So do you!" I move my hand on her knee so it pushes under her skirt a little. She jumps but doesn't stop me. I feel skin, so she isn't wearing tights, they're stockings! She suddenly gets up.

"Where's your bathroom?" I gesture and she almost runs away. I get up and sit on the sofa waiting for her. I wonder if she's got cold feet? Eventually Sara returns. I can see she has taken off her bra under the lycra top, it forms itself over her small breasts, her nipples small, making little mounds under the material. Her mouth is open, lips shiny. Bare foot she comes and stands in front of me. I put my hands on her thighs and push them up under her skirt. The nylon of her stockings giving way to smooth soft delicious skin. She gasps. My hands move further up and I find she is wearing no knickers. She is completely hairless under my hands. I caress her hips, pushing her skirt up until I can see her thighs, hips and cunt. She steps forward and legs astride me she sits facing me on my lap, her naked pussy rubbing against my crotch. Her little hands work on the buttons of my shirt, my hands exploring her little breasts through the lycra, before lifting her top off and over her head. She is slim, but perfectly formed, bigger breasts would look cartoonish on her slim chest. My fingers lifted the soft breasts, my thumbs rolled her nipples. She smiles, looking down at my hands on her breasts as she pushes my shirt down over my arms. My chest, so different now was naked and Sara ran her hands over my nipples and down over my hard stomach and urgently fiddles with my trousers, trying to undo it. I put a hand down to help her and she realises how urgent she was being. She takes a breath and laughs, breathing through her mouth. I undo my button and my fly and wriggle my trousers and pants off, at once I feel Sara's wet pussy lips against it and it starts to swell against her. I realise I don't know how big it's going to get as my erection gets bigger than any I'd ever had before, it swells up my stomach, past my belly button, past my bottom rib, still swelling, getting thicker. 

"Fuck, I can't take that!" Sara may have a point, it would be like putting her entire arm inside her. Up to above the elbow! It felt wonderful to be hard, really hard, and to have a sexy girl rubbing her cunt against my shaft was superb! "Wait here." She said and got off my lap, pulling her skirt down as she went for her bag. A few moments later she was back, she had picked up a tube of something which she squeezed out into her hand and started to rub into my hard cock. She took more and lifting her skirt rubbed it into her pussy, opening herself to push some inside. She sat back on my lap and lifted my cock one hand either side of it she rubbed the shiny hot head up and down her slit, before moving her hips so the end pushed her open and entered her. The lube she had rubbed into my cock allowing my cock to slide into her. She grunted. I was a few inches inside her, the diameter stretching her. We move together, both enjoying the touching of our flesh inside flesh, every movement sent electricity down my spine, every stroke I was a little further inside her until she could kneel on the sofa, 8 inches in her another 4 inches still outside. We started to move, my cock stroking in and out between her legs, between the stockings, her skirt around her waist. Slowly it changes, we aren't trying to get it in, we are fucking, her pussy wet and welcoming slides over my cock, tight wonderful. I look into her eyes which are unfocused, her little tits wobbling with every stroke, her chest, throat and face bright red, lips open, her breathing timed with cock, breathing out as I thrust into her, in as my cock comes glistening and wet with her juice out of her cunt. Slow strokes, start to accelerate. It feels better than anything I have ever experienced. Her hips twitch and lose rhythm. I lift her off, stand up and lean her over the back of the sofa. I lift her skirt and slide deep inside her. She gives a little scream pushing her arse back as I enter her. I start to thrust, my cock coming out and then thrusting deep deep into her, she gives a groaning scream with every stroke as I fuck her hard, her little hands gripping the sofa back her knuckles white and red.

"Oh god, Oh god!" She starts to shout out, pushing back at me as I fuck her almost pushing me over. I feel something in my balls a hot fire my own strokes coming fast and erratic now, the fire spreading up the shaft of my cock. Suddenly I am cumming stream after stream inside her, deep inside her, white hot pleasure and I am pulling her hips back towards me getting as much of me as I can inside her, delivering my seed as far up her cunt as possible.

We both end up in my bed. It seems I cum a lot in this new form as white sticky cum has been flowing from the sleeping Sara's pussy all night. In the morning we smile at each other and Sara has a shower, sticky cum all over her bum and legs, her stomach and breasts gets washed off. She throws her stockings away and with a red faced smile she waves good bye.

wanted to fuck lots of women. So I joined Tinder. I put pictures of me in my new clothes, I put I was looking for 'hook ups' and I put links to some naked pictures of myself, and a picture of my erect member with a can of coke for scale. I asked for women who didn't usually do this kind of thing, looking for a night of pleasure. I tried to be honest.

I then spent the next night swiping right on every pretty girl in 30 miles. I got seven swipes back, five didn't want to know when they read my profile, two asked for my dirty photos. Both girls asked for my telephone number, one called Sophie, whose profile said she was a primary school teacher who hadn't had sex for five years, the other was called Mai-ling, a Japanese student here to study English. I spoke to Sophie first, she was delightful, shy and funny with a posh accent. She had joined Tinder months ago looking for a soul mate or a one night stand. We found we were able to laugh together and arranged to meet up at a hotel for a meal. It was exciting to be going out expecting to meet a girl, expecting to fuck her!

I arrived early and went and found a place at the bar I could see people coming in the door. Sophie arrived right on time, she wasn't plump, but had curves, big soft looking breasts, ginger hair and the freckle full white skin of the true red head. Her eyes were green. She wore a summer dress, which didn't really fit around her chest, so she had had to leave the single button undone at the top, which meant the dress gaped in interesting ways. It was also a little short for her and once again it rode up. Every man looked at her, but she was completely unaware. I smiled at her and stood up.

"Hi, Sophie?" She flushed,

"Yes, Oh! Um, hi!" I leaned forward and gave her a hug, liking her at once. 

"You look fantastic!" She pulled her dress down, up and into place. This is how she meant to look in the mirror at home I guessed. She smiled at me.

"I've never done this before." She said, before realising that she had said it louder than she had meant and people were turning to look at her. I laughed and she flushed once more, "I guess it shows!"

"If it makes you feel better, I've never done this before either!" I put a hand on her arm, "But I'm glad I am doing it!" Her eyes widen,

"Yes of course! It! Doing it!" again she is a bit too loud and I smile as she realises,

"Indeed, it! Have you eaten Sophie? We could eat here in the restaurant, or room service upstairs?" Sophie opens her mouth.

"Oh. Yes upstairs. Do you have a room?" I pull my key out of my pocket,

"Where else could we do .. it?" She gives a small nod and gets up. I take her hand and lead the way over to the lift. In the lift my hand falls to her bum, warm and soft.

"Oh dear!" she exclaims as I gently massage her bum.

"Want me to stop?" I say watching her,

"Um, maybe when the lift arrives?" I lift and separate her bum cheeks and she pushes back a little against my hand. "Goodness, and in the lift too!"

At the top of the lift I lead the way to my room opening the door for her. She goes in and stands looking at the bed. I come up behind her and put my hands on her hips. She stays still and I move my hands up her dress to her breasts. She sighs as I cup them, lifting their weight. Gently I kiss the back of her neck. She raises her chin so that I can kiss her neck and I reach inside her dress to unhook her bra. Her breasts are heavy and soft, and I feel myself getting hard as my hips rub against her arse. 

"Oh dear, it's been so long! I don't know if I should...." Her hands reach behind her and she pulls at my trousers as I pinch and tweak her nipples. She turns and faces me, her large tits lovely. White skin with pink nipples hanging out the front of her dress, she gets my trousers open and puts her hand down inside my pants, clumsily holding my cock in her hands. I feel it harden, stiffening, standing up. It swells to touch the bottom of her breast and she gives a little squeal. I lift her dress up over her hips, she is wearing big panties and I can see a wet patch of material on the crotch, I push the dress over her head and she stands in front of me in her panties, nipples hard, trembling. I pull off my shirt and kick my trousers off, and she grabs my cock in one hand. I step forward so my cock is against her stomach and up between her breasts, she slowly wanks me, her grip tight and I run a hand up her thigh to her big panties, finding the wet spot in the material. I touch it and she rubs herself against my hand, hips and cunt hungry. I put my hand down the front of her panties, discovering the contrast of hair and silky, hot, wet cunt. She pulls at them pushing them off, down her thighs so they fall to the floor. Naked and glorious.

I push her back against the wall, kissing her as I do and she lifts her thigh up pulling at my cock. She grabs my shoulders and lifts her other leg and I grab her under her thighs, her breasts squashed against my chest, wet pussy against my balls. She pulls at my cock and tries to put it inside herself, I help and pull her bum away from me to give her room, I feel her move my hard member over her slit, rubbing it back and forward, feel her lips open, her vagina wet and greedy seems to suck my cock inside her, six inches plunge inside her, after the second thrust I am ten inches inside her. I back her arse against the wall and start to fuck her. She goes mad nails in my neck and back, legs gripping my hips pulling me inside her as I push her against the wall. Her pussy is so wet her juices running down her thighs, down my shaft and over my balls. She starts to shout with every thrust, meaningless sounds at the top of her voice. Her cunt is loose, warm, welcoming, I feel it spasm and carry her to the bed, sitting down with her on my lap, leaning back to watch as she fucks me hard, her eyes closed, a gasp and grunt with every thrust, her hands on my chest, her hips like a locomotive on my cock. She cums again, slows for a bit while her body stops twitching, she starts again, my stomach covered in her juice, I can smell her musk over me, it has been so long for her she just can't get enough!
