 Walking through the trees to a farm to stop an unknown amount of goblins and or orcs from destroying the place ; who are there for some unknown reason; trying to do who knows what; for a girl who's name I don't even know; for payment that I'm not sure I'll even get. Seems like a good plan.

I left what's her name back a bit to stay out of trouble. Don't need her getting killed before I get paid. That was rude of me not asking her name earlier. Mental note added: Get the name of the pretty girl.

As I clear the tree line I see a lone orc standing outside a large log house with smoke rising from one of two chimney stacks out in the clearing. The house is intact except for a few broken windows and the front door that has been hacked away by axes. The orc is commanding what looks like at least half a dozen goblins, pointing in different directions in which they can reap their destruction of the farm. They look as if they're searching of something, but what can be of such importance out in the middle of nowhere?

The log house is surrounded by multiple fenced in pens for different kinds of animals that the goblins have slaughtered. The stench of death from the livestock is heavy and nauseating. Also, I see in the distance a large cloud of smoke coming from burning crops.

I left my knapsack back with her so I freedom of movement. Best bet is to take out the orc first before the goblins inside the house and the surrounding farm notice me.

Drawing my bow as quiet as possible, I aim for the side of his unprotected dark green neck. His head is covered with a thick metal helmet that covers both his nose and down the back of his neck. His torso is protected by thick leather and chain mail, while his legs bear thick leather and metal plating with black leather boots.

My arrow leaves my bow with a thwip sound. I watch it miss the target low, right into his shoulder. It pierced his chainmail enough to hurt him. Looking down, purple blood oozing from the wound, the orc grabs the arrow, pulls it out with a ferocious yell. Yup, he's pissed off! Here he comes charging me, pulling out that curved blade, growling at me. Yellowed tusks protrude from the bottom of his mouth. So much for the element of surprise.

Quickly I draw another arrow and let loose before he tries to kill me. It penetrates his armor once more in the right side of his chest. It didn't even slow down his rage. Man, did I make him mad. Dropping my bow so I can pull out my girl. By that I mean my trusty sword. Yes, I call my sword a girl. I also pull out her dancing partner; the double bladed axe. Together we dance the dance of death.

"Let me axe you a question!" The charging orc apparently doesn't appreciate a good pun. I figured as much when he tried to slice off my head. Ducking his curved blade by the closest of margins, I felt the air move my hair from that powerful swing. I know I need a haircut, but no thanks. I axe him that question anyway as I hack the back of his unprotected knee. With a howl of pain I send him crashing down onto the ground.

Before the orc has a chance to get back up my lady does what she does best. She finds where his armor connects and slides between ribs. Purple blood oozes from his open wound. Shock erases his rage as he turns to look up at me, neck exposed for my axe. Purple gore splatters me from the headless body.

You know purple gore doesn't taste as good as it sounds. Here comes two goblins out of the log house. They're not armored like their orc commander, but in numbers they're just as dangerous.

Short as a ten year old boy they stand. The goblins have a sickly green skin, dark eyes, black greasy hair on their heads, strong, sinewy muscles, sharp pointy yellowed teeth and claws.

Wearing only animal skin around their waists and long daggers to protect themselves they see their decapitated commander and then me. Here they come, yelling a blood curdling battle cry.

"Goblins on the menu tonight honey!" I scream at them to calm myself. They don't enjoy my jests either. Tough crowd. The first goblin lunges after me with his dagger. I side step him and plant my axe into his skull. Bone fragments and brain matter explode outward as I pull out my axe.

The second goblin turns to me and charges. I hold out my sword pointing at the on coming goblin, impaling him on my sword in his throat. "Nothing to say now, huh?" Reaching out to stab me with his last breath I kick the goblin off my sword. Purple goblin blood stains my clothes, weapons and the ground.

Behind me I hear screams. Oh no! The remaining goblins must have found her. I turn around and run to where I left her. Panic envelopes my mind. I curse myself for not protecting her and I still don't even know her name. When I arrive I can't believe my eyes.

Two goblins have her on the ground, biting and clawing, dress torn apart, exposing her breasts and all I can think is how gorgeous she is. That and THERE'S FIRE COMING OUT OF HER HANDS! Are you kidding me? WOW! Is she hot! Both goblins are burnt to a crisp before they even knew what hit them.

Two more come out of the woods behind me and I cut them down as easily as the others. No more goblins should remain.

I run to her side. "Are you OK?" I can see she's in shock, but relatively unharmed except for some dirt and a few scratches, that if left unchecked can become infected. I rush to grab my bag for medical supplies.

She says nothing at first, just stares at her hands and at the fried goblins. She doesn't even notice her nakedness let alone me. I Lift her up along with my bag and carry her back towards her farm. I stare at her beautiful blue eyes and blonde hair. Her face is cut and bleeding and she's still more beautiful than any other girl I know.

I know this cause her breasts are bare and I find myself staring into her eyes. Not that her breasts aren't beautiful. On the contrary, they are quite plump with pretty pink hard nipples. I'm not sure if it's from the heat of battle or her stunning beauty, but I find myself rather aroused.

The last time I carried a pretty, half naked girl into a house... well, let's just say I had to use my long sword to fight my way out.

Kicking in what remained of the door, I spot a table to lay her on. She comes to and tries to cover herself up. "Honey, there's no modesty in battle. I need to clean your wounds. Trust me, I'm a professional." The last time I said trust me a queen slapped me after kissing me. That's another story for another time. Her cheeks redden with embarrassment, but she lays back down and allows me to tend to her wounds.

"Where are my manners? My names Jax Brightsteel at your service." I bow before her and I see her start to relax as I begin to clean her wounds. I take off the remaining tattered dress. My heart is racing. Her beauty is astounding. I check for any major wounds and find none. Just scratches. They'll heal in time. I've picked up a healers trick or two over the years.

After cleaning her scratches I hear her sweet voice. "Allysa Oakheart."

"Well Allysa, did you know you're a pyromancer?"

"A pyromancer?!?" She seems shocked as much as I am by it.

"Yes, an elemental mage." I explain.

"No! It just happened. I was scared and angry. And, and... It just... Happened." Her body shakes as she tells me.

"OK. You'll heal up just fine in a few weeks. Nothing major. Just make sure you keep them clean. Watch for infection." I take out some of my clothes for her to wear and turn around as she dresses. I'll never wash her smell off of them.

"You don't need to turn around. Not after you already seen me naked, but thanks anyways."

As she finishes dressing she continues " Thanks for the clothes. I'll give them back when I find something to wear."

"Don't worry. Just sit down for awhile. You just had a traumatic experience. Your first battle and all. If you need to talk about it... " We look at each other for a moment before speaking.

"Yes. Please. Sit with me." So we sit in silence for a moment before she continues "I'm not sure how I feel right now. I just... How do you deal with it? I mean the killing and all. I watched you kill them while making jests at them." I think of how to answer it.

"We all deal with it in our own ways." It's the only answer I can think of. "You'll be fine. You did what you had to do." She stares at the floor. "Can you make fire like that again?" I ask what we both want to know.

"I'm... I'm not sure. I'm not sure I want to. I felt weak afterwards. It's hard to explain. I felt...powerful at the time, but after I saw what I did I felt... I'm not sure. I just took a life. No, two lives. Just like that. With a thought. I know I had to do it, but it still feels terrible." She explains it while staring at her hands as if they would just catch fire.

"Good. You don't want to feel great about taking a life. It doesn't get any easier. I'll stay here and keep watch incase others come back. I'll start by cleaning up my mess outside. You going to be OK?" I ask.

"Yes. I think so. My father will be back from trading in the city in three days. So, if you can stay... I'll cook for you and you can sleep in the guest bed."

Of course I'll sleep in a house with a beautiful girl. "Yes, I think I can stay and help out."

A kiss on my cheek and my heart melts. I've been around town before, but there's something special about her other than the fact she can shoot flames out of her hands. How Awesome is that?

After my brain works again "Allysa, do you know what they were looking for?" 

"I'm not sure. Father doesn't have anything special and mother has been in the after life since I was a child. No. It's just us."

"I'm sorry to hear that. I lost my parents during the goblin wars."

"I'm sorry as well." She sighs.

I go outside to clean up and scout for traces of any more goblins and orcs. Nothing yet. Good. It'll give Allysa some time to heal and recuperate.

After burning the bodies in a pit, darkness begins to settle in and nothing from any more goblins or orcs. Hopefully, that's that. Allysa made some dinner. It smells delicious. I haven't had a home cooked meal since I can't remember.