 This is a story with a lot of weird transformations. So you are not into merging, tentacles, and massive size, probably best to go back and pick something else. It also very long, so remember to take breaks.

*****

Haru Mihama watched the landscape as pines still half-covered in snow whipped by the train window. Even after years of trips to visit his wife's family, the view of the French countryside was just as breathtaking as the first time he saw it in the seventies.

They had come to hike the thawing Alps, though they not gone hiking in years. Despite that, Maya insisted this is what she wanted to do for their twentieth anniversary. That they could stay with her sister Jules certainly made the trip a bit easier to plan, so he had a hard time coming up with reasons not to come and enjoy the sights.

Maya squeezed his hand in her sleep and he looked over at his partner. She had dyed her hair in the last month. Her once reddish-brown bob was now a deep red that seemed to shimmer as she dozed. The dye job was so vibrant, the color so uniform, that it looked natural.

He figured it was just her dealing with the spreading grays, but he would be lying if he said he did not like the recent change. The color made her look years younger, and she was acting like it too, as if she was trying squeeze out one last burst of youth before she turned fifty in a couple months.

The change in attitude had started around the holidays when her sister came to visit. His wife had been ramping up her athletic activity since then, but in the last month she had gotten considerably more zealous. A routine which had been just been a brisk jog in the morning had transformed, seemingly overnight, into a couple lengthy runs in both the morning and evening along with a full complement of aerobic exercises. 

Those changes paralleled others. In context, most were small. She had made additions to her diet. Her wardrobe shifted to match her more active lifestyle. She was sleeping less, but said that she felt better than ever. They were all things like that. Things that made sense. 

What made less sense was the remarkable shift in how attractive she felt. She had gotten fitter, sure, but it was more than that. She smelled simply alluring all the time and she was constantly teasing him in ways she never had. 

Partway through February, right around her birthday, she proposed making an effort to have sex every night. It had been months since they even had sex regularly at all, but her enthusiasm encouraged him to match her. 

Like with everything else, she had gotten more intense since she dyed her hair. In the last few weeks they had fucked an average of one and a half times per day, twice a day in the week leading up to their vacation. Last night in particular had been a pinnacle of intensity as she kept going long after he had gotten tired. They had never had sex like that in the thirty years they had been together.

Thirty Years. It was hard to believe it had been that long, it felt like only yesterday they had met on campus for coffee and tutoring. They had been through so much together and he was looking forward to more. Maya snuggled into him and he stroked her hair softly as the train rolled on until he too, drifted off with her fragrance all around him.

-*-

"I love the Alps at the end of winter," Maya said as she and Haru stepped off the train nearly half a day later. A wind that carried the hints of spring warmth rolled down the platform, rustling her coat and ankle-length dress. 

"I know what you mean," Haru said as he stretched his arms over his head and then put one around her shoulder. "There's just something about the edge of spring in the mountains."

She took a deep breath in agreement and looked up at him to smile and nod. Like most of his family, her hubby had aged well through his fifty years. He still stood tall, his dark eyes continued to burn with the same intensity she had fallen for, his laugh remained as strong and confident as ever. Sure, there were shots of grey at his temples and some wrinkles on his brow and around his mouth, but he honestly looked pretty much unchanged from thirty. 

Maya could feel that something had changed about her though. Ever since eating that jelly Jules had brought her for the holidays, she felt different. More alive. Younger even. The ruby-color preserves had been a pure sweetness that was just on the edge of being addictive. She made the first jar last a month and a half by only having a little on her toast each day. 

As she did, she realized that she was steadily getting more in shape. Where a short jog used to wind her, at the end of January she could cover nearly twice that distance and not even feel exhausted. More than that, being active felt good and she felt her confidence rise each day.

When Jules sent her two jars for her birthday, she started putting it on all kinds of things. It took only a couple weeks to polish off more than half the jar. The changes to her body coincidentally increased and she loved everything about it. Working out felt so good now that it verged on a sexual experience and actual sex with Haru was indescribably satisfying.

The week before they left, she had dumped the rest of the third jar into what was an utterly divine smoothie. She told herself it was so the jelly did not spoil while they were gone, but she knew it was really so she could have as much as possible at once without just eating it out of the jar. 

Even now, days later, she felt the powerful arousal that had her fucking Haru twice a day at the edges of her awareness. Something about that level of appetite made her feel sexy in so many ways and she was looking forward to speaking with Jules at length about getting more as soon as possible. 

Off in her own world, she moved down the platform and into the station. Haru's hand found hers and their fingers intertwined. Even though there was a fairly large crowd, to Maya, it felt like they were the only two disembarking. That blissful feeling lasted until they met her sister at the bottom of the escalators and she had to let go.

"Jules! It is good to see you!" She exchanged kisses on cheeks with her older sibling, who then did similarly with Haru.

"How was the trip, you two?" Despite living in France all her life, Jules had almost no French accent on her English, though the 'th' sound was forever a 'z'. Maybe it was from being an international banker. 

As Jules stepped back, Maya could swear her elder sister looked younger than when she had visited for Christmas. Maybe it had been jetlag then, but her complexion was brighter now and her face seemed less gaunt.

"Good, for the most part," Haru replied as they started moving again. "The layover in Istanbul was rough, but overall the trip was pretty smooth."

"At least the hotel attached to the airport was nice," Maya added. "The bed didn't creak at all." 

Her eyes met Haru's as she raised her brows and smiled mischievously. He blushed a little and then looked away.They both laughed nervously as they remembered how little sleep they had gotten.

"That's really not something I needed to know. Thankyouverymuch." Jules turned on heel and stalked towards the doors of the station.

The ride through Sallanches and then out to her sister's place was oddly intense. Maya wanted to ask her about the jelly, but also did not want to let Haru know the source of her rejuvenation. She somewhat enjoyed it being a mystery to him and he certainly seemed content with how things were going. Not that she would not tell him if he asked or that she was purposely hiding it. After all, he watched her eat two pieces of toast slathered in the stuff every morning.

At the same time, she wanted to taste Haru again. They had not fucked that morning and she was sort of aching and after the hour plus of sex last night, she needed something to take the edge off. Soon enough though, they arrived at Jules' vacation home.

"I figure you two will want to unpack," She said as they hung up their coats. "So go do that, take showers, get comfortable and I'll cook us up some dinner."

The moment they were in the guest room, she had Haru pinned to the wall. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she pulled him down to kiss her. The way their tongues tangled confirmed he was interested. She started to nibble on his neck. His hands moved down her sides, pausing only as he went over her hips and felt no panties. She grinned up at him. He bit her lip. She moaned into the contact and pulled his hair. His fingers pressed into her tight ass. Then, without warning, he lifted her up and carried her to the bed. 

She hit the mattress with a gasp. His shirt came off over his head, revealing the graying patch of chest hair she loved to pet while they cuddled. He climbed on top of her. His lips were on her neck, then her collarbone. Button by button, he undid her dress as he kissed further down her body. She could not wait for what was coming, the anticipation alone had her buzzing.

"Oh yes, love! Use that amazing tongue of yours!"

And he did. For ten blissful minutes straight. In fact, Haru's unflagging stamina was almost suspect. Was he starting to be affected by the jelly as well after he had eaten her out so much last night? Was his tongue getting softer? Were his lips growing more plush? Why did this feel even better than last night? As she began to reflexively buck into him and her fingers gripped his hair, her mind started to go blank. Everything felt...so good. So warm. 

So perfect.

-*-

Haru's phone woke him at six-thirty and he stumbled to the water closet attached to their room. Much of the night was a blur of fitful sleep he blamed on jet lag. He remembered dinner. Jules had made grilled cheddar cheese on fresh sourdough and a savory potato chowder. After that though, he was kind of at a loss. Maya had sat up talking with her sister, no doubt catching up, but he could not recall her coming up to bed.

He turned to check that she was actually in bed then felt a startling pain as his morning wood hit the side of the vanity and he stifled a curse. Maya forgotten for a moment he glanced down at his penis and realized he was quite a bit bigger than usual.

"Haru, honey, everything okay?"

"Yes, yes. I'm fine. Was just startled is all."

"Okay...come back soon..."

He waited until his surprising erection went down and then climbed back into bed. They whiled away an hour with gentle caresses and conversation about the day's itinerary.

"Jules said that the beginner trail is already cleared," Maya said, looking up from drawing shapes in his chest hair. "So we can tackle that today and make sure hiking is how we want to spend the next week."

"No argument there," Haru said as he ran his hand over Maya's hip.

"I know you think this is silly, but-"

"I don't think it's silly," he said moving to caress her face. "You've been working like crazy to be in shape for this and so I know it's something important to you."

"I...appreciate that."

They lay there in the quiet for a moment. Maya's smell was getting to that intoxicating point. He moved to kiss her and she sat up at the same time, leaving him to press his lips into her shoulder.

"Sorry, I just realized what time it must be. I hope Jules hasn't been waiting on us."

Just then there was a soft knock on the door. "Hey, you two up?"

"We are, yes. We've not missed breakfast have we?"

"Not yet, I was coming up to ask if you two wanted to go into town. I wasn't sure if you needed things for today."

"We could use a couple of things. Give us a moment?"

"No problem, just come down when you're ready."

They managed to get dressed without having sex. That this was an accomplishment made Haru laugh to himself. It was like they were on a second honeymoon from how easily they fell into each other's arms anymore.

The market was more a like an arcade than once larger grocer. Stalls lined both sides of the winding hall and their goods ranged widely, from still living chickens to furniture.

"Hey, Jules, where's a good place to get fruit?" Maya asked after they had been walking around for a bit.

"Oh, umm, Saurer's has a great selection. I've been told he should have the berries that jelly I sent you is made from, too. Since they're local to around here."

"Jelly?"

"Yeah, Jules gave me some for the holidays and it was really good, but I couldn't find it anywhere in Akita," Maya said before turning to Jules. "Which way is Saurer's?"

"Over that way, you can't miss the sign."

Maya was gone before Haru could question further and Jules did not really have answers.

"All I know is that a friend at work made the batch and that my sister enjoys it. She asked for more for her birthday, but I figured she would have still had some left over."

"I think she used it all. She was putting on every slice of bread and she goes through nearly two loaves a week at this point."

Jules bit her lip as her brow furrowed. It was an expression of doubt, there for a moment and gone just as quick. By time she looked back at Haru, there was no sign she was concerned. "Well, she'll be a bit, I'm sure. What roast would you like?"

-*-

Maya moved through the crowd like she was stalking prey. Sliding around groups of people with a grace that surprised even herself. She was on a mission and nothing would stop her from finding the source of her miraculous rejuvenation. It was only after she had left that she realized she had no idea what the berries were even called, much less what they would look like. Turns out, the berries would find her.

As she moved down the hallway one over from where she left Jules and Haru, she heard calling. Figuring it was a particularly enthusiastic merchant, she paid it no mind until someone yelled about red hair.

She turned and found herself looking at a tall, thin man standing under a black wooden sign with the word Saurer's scribbled on it with white paint. Next to the words was a seven-pointed star. His eyes were an erie golden-green. His well-groomed beard and tight high top were both streaked with grey. The booth itself was sparsely packed with fresh fruits and vegetables, though there were baskets that showed much more inventory could be stocked.

"Madam! Miss!" He yelled, his voice carrying through the crowd. "Viens par ici, regardez mes marchandises. Je pense que vous trouverez quelque chose à votre goût."

"Pardon?" She said, walking over. "I didn't quite catch that."

"Ah, une Americane," he said with a hint of derision.

"En fait, je suis un locuteur natif. I said I missed what you said, not that I didn't understand you." 

"Mes apologies, mademoiselle. I was saying that I might have something which interests you." 

"What gives you that idea?"

"Your hair. I bet it turned that couleur ven you started having deux servings, non?" 

Maya narrowed her eyes and reached for her phone. "How would you know that?"

"I have seen it, avant with mes copine," he continued in his weird blend of French and English. "Most of them became red-heads after une mois of eating this jelly," he said, holding up a jar like the ones Jules had sent her.

"Give it to me."

"How much is it worth à toi?"

"How much do you think I have?"

"Assez. Enough to get as much as you want. However, I zink I can offer somezing mieux."

Maya looked at him quizzically and he rolled his eyes before handing her a clear plastic box of fruit that looked like blackberries, but were far bigger. Almost the size of a fig. Something about them seemed alien and yet the scent was undeniably similar to her favorite condiment.

"Combien pour deux? How much for two?"

"I will give them à toi, so long as you also achetez une case of the jelly and give some of it to vos amis."

Had her sister had this same conversation months ago? Was that how she ended up pretty much addicted to the effect this strange fruit was having on her? Was Jules feeling the same changes? She wanted to be angry, but also had to admit she was enjoying the new her immensely.

"Can you ship to Japan?" She said finally. At worst, she could give a few away as part of a raffle or something. 

"Oui."

-*-

It was getting close to noon by time Haru and Maya started their hike. It was much warmer than either of them had expected and they were each just wearing light jackets over long sleeved shirts. She had packed them a lunch to have at some point along the way. Jules had stayed at the house to roast a chicken and some vegetables.

"You two have fun," she had said as she prepared the chicken. "This is vacation enough for me."

Maya seemed more excited than ever to be out doing things. Her pace was a bit more than a comfortable walk for Haru, but he strove to keep up with her. The effort to keep up made talking hard, but she seemed content to carry the conversation as she spoke at length about what else she wanted to do for the next two weeks.

Haru was actually kind of happy that he did not have to contribute much, it gave him time to organize his thoughts about what had been happening. It all came back to when Jules had visited for the holidays. That was when Maya's personality and energy level began to change. It was hard to believe that a spoonful of some fruit and sugar was enough to effect what were actually pretty significant changes when not looking at them progressively. 

He was fairly certain whatever Maya had gone to look for at the market was more of the same and he had conflicting feelings about that. From how is peers spoke, most men would kill to be dating a woman ten or more years their junior. So perhaps Maya's increasing vitality and libido were a chance to taste that forbidden fruit without infidelity. He certainly enjoyed the alterations to her personality.

On the same token, he was unsure if he could keep up her appetite increased much further. She had not wanted to go this morning, but that did not mean that a scenario like last night was not in the cards where she held him down against her until her strength gave out. 

Although, now that he thought about it, he had not been exhausted in the least after all the sex this week. He wondered if that and his surprise growth were linked to the jelly. He tried to remember if he had ever eaten any of it, but could not recall any specific instance-especially within the last week.

After they had been walking for an hour, which put them around the halfway point, she said they should start looking for a clearing to sit and have lunch. Moments later, there was a sign which said there was a scenic overlook a mile up the trail. So they continued until then.

The picnic area was mostly empty when they sat down at a table a half hour later. She produced a loaf of bread from her pack along with a jar of the now infamous preserves.

"That's the jelly, isn't it?"

"Yup."

Haru was unsure what to say and there was a moment of silence which was broken by the sound of metal scraping on glass as Maya twisted off the lid. Even outside and across the table from him the smell enveloped him. It smelled like Maya did, only more intensely. Her eyes seemed to come alight as the fragrance hit her, he could swear her hair got half a shade brighter.

"I want you to taste this, Haru," she said as she pulled out a knife and began to slice the bread.

"It's been changing you, hasn't it?"

She spooned out some jelly and spread it thinly over a small slice. "It tastes so good."

"Why didn't you tell me?"

"The flavors are so rich." The slice was at her lips. The crunch of the crust was louder than Haru expected. Maya actually moaned as she chewed the bite, her face turning pink as she started to blush.

"Did you think you had to change for me?"

"It felt so good," she said after a long, surprisingly sensual gulp. "I didn't realize what was happening until recently, by then I was already in too far. It really is habit forming, or perhaps reinforcing in my case."
