 Note: This character is an offshoot of the series 'The life of Desiree' and introduced in Chapter 2. This one is a little darker than my other stuff but not so bad. I have trouble with my protagonists always wanting to embody the best of us. This one is a little different. Enjoy. 

Chapter 1 -- Jenna tells the story her first mission. 

My name is Jenna. I am the sister of Desiree. Our mother is the Goddess Aphrodite. Three months ago my sister Desiree came and found me, taught me how to use my powers correctly. She convinced me to serve Aphrodite in return for the support of Olympus.

The God's help me by getting a job I love that pays a ton of money, although I still have to get through college first having just turned eighteen 4 months ago. The human type worries are not a problem for me anymore, not like before I knew who and what I was. A demi-goddess of Love, Beauty, Pleasure and Procreation. 

However unlike my sister my missions are more likely to be a deliverance of the wrath of the gods, not a healing or protecting love. I am not really the nurturing type.

I am not a monster however, if anyone every saw a light chocolate skinned woman with dark hair that seems to sparkle, full lips and innocent brown eyes. A curvy set of D size breasts. A skinny waist that flares out into a sexy hips and firm bubble shaped ass. Well....

They would be absolutely safe. In fact if their lucky they may be in for the night of their life. Because if someone saw me and recognized me by the above description I am not on a mission, I am probably just out to have fun. On my own time I may be a little selfish, a little into myself, but I am never cruel and I am often passionate. 

They may fall a little in love with me. Long for me and never forget me, but they would never regret meeting me.

However, if that person had ever made a deal with one of the gods and reneged on a deal by not coming through with payment. If that person has ever been prideful and declared themselves more beautiful than Aphrodite, or stronger than Ares, or smarter than Athena they might be in trouble. If they have ever insulted the gods, they need to fear me. Problem is, they may never see me coming.

I may be that cute little 5' nothing redhead, or that tall statuesque blonde, or any race or color. 

So that is my job, my missions from Aphrodite. I do not kill, the gods have assassins. I am a home wrecker, a destroyer of lives or livelihood. I could be a one night stand that sends the video to their wife and boss, after seducing them into disgusting perversions.

I may be the sweet woman they met at church who arrived in their life like a whirlwind, only to clean out their accounts, ruin their business, sour their contacts, steal their identity and otherwise make their life a living hell all while keeping them my love slave, unable to see what is right in front of them as they follow me around like a puppy dog.

I realize this makes me sound cruel, I mentioned in the beginning I am not a monster, and I am sure there is doubt now. But truthfully, if someone finds me in their life as my target of a mission, they did something to deserve it. They lied or cheated and went back on their word. 

Think of me as the executer of a god's or goddess's punishment that they earned and fully deserve. Or perhaps the smoking gun in the God or Goddesses hand who pointed me in their direction. At least when I leave they still have hope, their life and perhaps the chance to rebuild.

Why am I suited to this work? I did not have an easy childhood. My mother, whom I love and worship with all my heart made plans for me. I had an adoptive parent, and he made a deal with Aphrodite, in exchange for an easier life he would protect and love me, and bring me up.

He broke his oath to the god's, got rid of me. Decided I wasn't worth the trade after all. Put me in an orphanage where I was abused. 

I will not go into details, but yes, there is a dark side of me that yearns to punish the oath breakers considering what happened. I am not bitter, but I do understand the importance of what I do, it is necessary and I am very good at it.

So now that I have introduced myself, and what I am about, it is time to tell the story of my first mission. It started 3 months after I met Desiree and she changed my life. I may not be sappy like her but I do look up to her, she is family. I may have been more like her if I had a similar childhood. If I hadn....

But enough about my past and who I am. It is time for the story of my first mission.

I awoke in one of the rooms at the frat house Desiree found me in three months ago. The 2 men I went to bed with on either side, our legs all intertwined. I have got to say that she was right, lust mixed in with a touch of love makes even rutting better when my partners are so attentive to my pleasure rather than their own.

I was in the mood to taste cock, loved it, the power and control is all mine from that paradoxically submissive position. I used my power and stroked one of the men's legs to ensure he wouldn't wake up until I was ready for him, then I turned over the other way and took the other's flaccid cock into my mouth, gently sucking as I licked the tip. I moaned in pleasure as I tasted my dried on honey that washed over his cock last night.

He awoke moaning as his pole grew in my mouth, tickling the back of my throat as I pleasured it, slowly penetrating my throat as I massaged his balls and he grew to full length. My nipples grew hard as they grazed his thighs. The first taste of his precum caused me to moan and my pussy to tingle and dampen.

"MMMmmmmm", I groaned out at the taste which caused my throat to tighten and hum against his rigid length.

Not wanting to end this too quickly. I kept him from the edge by the leash of my submissiveness that controlled him. I took him out of my mouth and pushed his length against his stomach as I sucked his balls into my mouth, sucking softly and massaging in circles with my tongue as I softly jerked his cock with my hand up against his stomach.

Licking all the way to the top I plunged my head down on his member while sliding a finger inside his dark hole causing him to grunt. Searching and then finding his prostrate with my fingertip I started to throat fuck him bobbing my head up and down. His moans and the taste of his precum on my tongue was my reward for good service.

I was dripping wet and started to grind my pussy against his leg as I felt his cock swell even more in preparation to feed me his cock juice. That's when I started to massage his prostrate and he screamed out arching his middle straight up. I locked my nose into his body as I milked his seed with my throat, his cock clearly visible in my bulging neck. I continued to massage his insides to lengthen his orgasm as much as possible.

I drank his musky tasting sticky seed greedily, swallowing it all. 

Swallowing with him inside the throat is the best since I can use that action to both milk his cock and swallow down his seed at the same time.

My pussy was now sopping wet, I looked him in the eyes with a knowing smile and winked while saying thank you to him with my eyes. Nothing quite turns on a guy like him knowing I want to be on my knees, I want to pleasure his cock, I am thankful for his seed. I also knew treating his cock almost worshipfully was pleasing in the eyes of my goddess.

I released my power on the other guy in bed with us that was keeping him asleep, and then proceeded to give him wakeup call as well. To be honest I expected guy number one to head for the door when I took the other cock into my mouth. To my surprise he reciprocated. 

To be fair I had been doing the lust aura wrong until three months ago, so my expectations weren't so high yet and had nothing to do with the quality of the guy I was with. I do know better now.

As I felt the second cock growing in my mouth and tickling my already sore throat, loving the feeling of it growing against my tongue. As it forcefully penetrated my throat because it had nowhere else to go.

I suddenly felt a rough tongue lap at my wet pussy, the lips covering my hot wet core parted as his tongue slid in causing me to gasp in pleasure. Then I felt his hands, he had his fingers spread and on either side of me, his elbows sticking strait out to the side, pulling apart both my ass cheeks and opening my pussy lips at the same time.

"Oh goddess, keep doing that," I moaned out as he sucked on my clit. He licked along my labia, across the taint, and poked at my asshole with his tongue. He repeated that over and over as he pleasured both of my holes with his rough wet tongue.

When I cried out, the cock in my mouth muffled my voice and slurred my words, "Oh don, don't stop, I'm so close!" 

He plunged two fingers in my pussy and sucked my sensitive swollen nub into his mouth, flicking it over and over with his rough tongue until I exploded honeyed nectar onto his face. 

I felt him greedily drink my honey, moaning in delight, knowing well how good I taste as a demi-goddess. I was not surprised when he redoubled his efforts to make me climax again.

I was riding that cock with my face, brutally fucking it with my now sore throat as my second orgasm hit and I buried my face down, crying out and moaning over his cock which overcame his remaining control. His manhood swelled and shot his musky ropes onto my waiting tongue. I greedily sucked down this load as I had the first.

I kissed them both when we were recovered and said with a wink, "Good morning, I got to run, things to do."

They said goodbye as I headed down the hall to the bathroom. I jumped into the shower. I also kept clothes there in a few of the guys rooms, no walk of shame for me while smelling like sex with my clothes all messed up. Not that I would mind that of course. Being a demi-goddess of Love, Beauty, Pleasure and Procreation means it's a life choice hazard. 

So I eventually got back to my dorm and was doing homework for my business degree when I felt the prompting for the first time. It is so hard to explain how it feels, yes it is an urge to do something, but it comes with the divine love of my mother, I could feel her presence. 

I made a deal and had to obey, but the truth is I love to worship and obey my goddess, sadly I can't accurately describe the feeling involved. I was eager for my first mission in this new life. What I didn't know at the time was it was going to be extremely personal to me. I almost fucked it up and lost everything.

I got up off the bed covered with books and walked over to the dresser, right on top I saw three things. I picked up a black American Express card, car keys, and a mapped route to Vegas. Map showed a little over 9 hours to get there.

I was surprised by the American Express card, I knew though, by a feeling, that it was to be used for mission stuff only such as clothes, local travel, hotels, and incidentals.

The car however I knew to be a gift, the knowledge settled in my mind as I picked up the keys, I was allowed to use this for personal reasons as well as my missions from Aphrodite. Eager to get started I picked up the map and felt the urge to leave, so I figured I didn't need to pack. I headed down, found my car, which was one of those fancy new Camaro things. It said SS but I had no idea what that meant. 

All I knew was it was fast, very fast. In fact I had to slow down after getting pulled over twice. No ticket of course, just a stuttered warning when they took in my appearance. Before getting to Vegas I felt the urge to pull off and I parked in front of a clothing store. By the time I was finished shopping the trunk was full of business casual woman's clothing in my size and a number of tasteful shoes with 2 inch heels.

I now understood clearly why nothing in my closet was appropriate for the mission.

I put my hands on the steering wheel and immediately noticed they were much lighter in skin tone, more like a Latina color. Looking up my hair was still dark and my eyes were the same as well. My nails were a bit shorter as well, more of a professional woman look than my normal nails, which if I were honest said college slut.

I stopped for gas right outside Vegas and when I got back in the car there was some new stuff on the seat, a brochure of the Bellagio casino and a flyer for a business convention. There was also some very small professional looking cameras and recording system. I put it in the oversized purse I bought and headed to the Bellagio.

I checked in and headed up to my room, bringing enough clothes for a week which was the length of the convention. I also felt an urge to set up the cameras immediately and set them to record motion.

I admit I was excited, and curious. I had no idea what I was going to do next, I just knew I would do it and trust. This is another thing that Desiree taught me. Have faith in mother, she will keep me safe, just as long as I follow instructions. 

To be honest it was making me a little wet and tingly, but then that would be a normal response for one of Aphrodite's daughters. A connection to her makes our powers take a peek so to speak, and Love and Pleasure make us all wet.

I felt the urge to get some sleep. Apparently a 10pm bed time was one of my mission requirements, so I followed it.

I woke up about 6 am and jumped in the shower following the promptings I was getting and then got dressed in a boring women's suit. When I looked in the mirror I was very shocked. I am used to looking sexy, hot, a young piece of flesh going to college. I loved it. I loved sharing it as well.

But looking in the mirror now? I looked sophisticated, beautiful and stunning. My hair was up in a bun revealing my long sensual neck. 

I had on a woman's business suit but it wasn't severe enough to hide my figure, just professional looking. I had stockings on under the skirt that went down to just below my knees. I had on and a pair of black women's shoes with the 2 inch heels. I still looked 18 of course, but I had a feeling that would be an asset as well.

I headed down to breakfast which was buffet style, after I got my food I was lead by the impulse to join a woman sitting alone even though there were still 2 empty tables.

She was about 30 year's old, very attractive bouncy blonde hair falling to her shoulders. She was wearing a business type dress that covered her cleavage, I estimated a C cup. She looked up at me as I walked toward the table and I could see her blue eyes light up as they took me in.

Smiling politely I said, "Mind if I join you for breakfast?"

She replied back, "Sure. I'm Nance, here for that business conference so I don't have anyone joining me."

I allowed my smile to reach my eyes as it widened. I said, "Thanks, I'm here for the conference too, just got in last night actually."

We had a nice chat over breakfast and she seemed really nice, I had no idea why she was my focus but I thought she must be guilty of something. She was clearly attracted to me, I could see the hunger in the back of her eyes, she hid it well but lust is part of my domain.

When we finished breakfast I asked, "You doing anything tonight after the conference? I don't want to seem pushy but I figure we are both here alone, and you seem like someone I would have fun with," I paused for a second, letting her imagination work on my loaded statement then continued, "There seems to be a lot of shows in this town, I'm sure we could find something?"

It seemed important at the time to only suggest a tryst obliquely, let her subconscious work it over for a while her conscious mind worked on the innocent connotations of a girls night out with a very new friend.

She nodded, "I have to call my husband right after the conference, but sure, say 6pm, we can meet in front of the restaurant."

I felt strangely guilty at that point, yes I deal with love and lust, but I was never with a married person before. In fact, people who are not faithful annoy me, I see them as oath breakers, and you all know how I feel about them. I had a feeling this woman was faithful to her husband, or at least had been until she met a demi-goddess come to destroy her family.

I did learn perspective later, it's kind of funny actually, it was my anger that got me to move forward with the punishment for this first time, and perspective now that my anger has long cooled. Love and Lust are aspects of my Goddess, used both in a good way and a bad way. No god or goddess only has a fluffy side, they all cut both ways.

Demi-gods and demi-goddesses are a little different and more focused on one side or the other. That's why Aphrodite had Desiree and I, it takes two of us to run the spectrum so to speak. No one should confuse my guilt however, for hesitation, all it means is I am partially human. I have feelings of compassion. I had my anger, and I had my knowledge that she deserves it. 

I was also, as I would find out soon, a little naive.

I headed to the conference. Just in case she looks for me I can't be in my room or somewhere else having fun. It was boring beyond belief. She did however come sit by me after lunch so it was a good decision. I kept letting my skirt hike up a bit then push it back down. I caught her keep checking out my legs all afternoon long.

She said she had to run up to her room quick and make the call and mentioned her room number casually, I did not think it was an invite and I was guided to wait for her by the restaurant after changing into something a little less business like myself. 

She came down around 6 and I noticed she had freshened up and looked really good. We decided to see a magic show but after dinner. Keeping it simple we went in the restaurant right in front of us.

We had some wine and by the end of dinner she was clearly sending the signals. 

We charged the meal to our rooms and I happened to catch her last name. The last name was the same as the man I was left with as a baby. I had a strangled look in my eyes when I looked up. I was an 18 year old demi-goddess that had a natural flair for sex, love, lust, seduction. And yet, very stupidly, in a gasping voice I asked, "Your husband is Ben Martin? About 10 years older than you?"

Shit! My mother had given me the opportunity to punish the man that broke faith with her and abandoned me to a group home, the opportunity to seduce his much younger wife to return the favor and ruin his life. My eyes got wide as I realized what I had just done. There is no way she would sleep with me even if she didn't know how I knew about her husband. The horror on my face would prevent it.

I did the only thing I could at that point. I bent my head and prayed to my goddess in apology. I asked for help and forgiveness of my stupidity, granted it was stupidity from the horrific surprise, but I should have been better than that. A more worthy daughter of the amazing gifts I had inherited, my birthright.

I felt effusive love and acceptance enter me. I was comforted for my shock and anger. I also felt mother's pride that I turned to her as my first inclination. If I had waited she would not have been able to redeem my mistake.

I saw my hand glow and reach out to touch the back of Nance's hand without my control. I knew her memories from the last minute had been erased when she went to sign the bill to her room and looked surprised when it was already done.

Filled with relief I thanked my Goddess and continued the night.

I am not sure, but either because of who she was married to or despite the fact, I enjoyed our time out immensely. I was attracted to Nance as well, she had a grace and beauty to her movements, at least that piece of shit has good taste in women.

After the show we headed back to the hotel together. I had a few drinks but I was far from inebriated, I felt the push from mom that now was the right time.
