 Jennifer woke up rested. She went out to the women's stream with Calli in the morning for a swim. The water was clear and the day was hot, so it was very refreshing. Calli was a good swimmer, and the girls enjoyed the time there. She was not a chatter, but she was a girl of action. Swimming, running, climbing trees, anything physical. 

Jennifer felt it before she heard. Voices. Men. The women's water was usually out of bounds to men. The men had a site further upstream. This allowed privacy especially as many of these women were married or in relationships and preferred not to be seen by strange men. Calli looked calm as always. Jennifer worried . Who could it be? There was never any talk about rape, but she felt vulnerable treading water, naked, with her clothes fifty feet away at the shore. She looked over and saw Green with Emenike. Emenike was young, maybe 20, and did some work around the temple. He was tall and brown, broad shouldered and slim hipped, with a gap toothed smile and long legs. A really beautiful lad, if a bit slow. They were both laughing and standing on the shore. Calli waved.

"It's not fair, you're still wearing your clothes!!"

"Who says life is fair?"

"Come on, take them off!"

Both men obliged, and in seconds all four of them were playing in the water, swimming, rolling around.

"I can see you have really adjusted to life here. You're a correct village woman. You're even putting on some weight.."

Jennifer hated how observant Green was. It was true. She was furry, and getting bustier. Her nipples were darkening and getting heavier. Her butt was thicker and her bush was thick and furry. Her stomach was starting to tighten. 

As she walked out of the stream she lay against a warm rock and dried off. 

Green came up and stood in front of her, his big cock dripping water on to the sand. He looked her in the eye and smiled. She could never really read his mind. She did understand that when his cock got hard like it was starting to he liked having it licked. Sucking a cock would distract her, maybe.

Once she knelt he approached her, and as she licked his cock she could hear Calar immediately as always. 

"Did you think you would distract yourself? Did you think I wouldn't know? You're having my seed. MY child. My Godling. You are my vessel. You are mine. Your breasts, your pussy, your womb, your legs, all mine."

Jennifer started to sweat, just thinking about it. A child. In Africa, with a Catgod. This story had to be told. But it couldn't. Her funding was already cut off, and she was three months into what was meant to be one month. 

She had no way to get home, and this baby...she needed to get it out of here to give it the best odds of survival. She needed to escape. The thing was, every time she fucked one of these men Calar had a direct line into her mind. How was she going to escape without counting on Green or the others? Green was still in her mouth. Calar was hearing her...even though she knew that, it felt so sure, so clear, so good. There was no doubt Green wanted her. None. No insecurities, no questions. He saw her and wanted her. 

"You want to escape me? You will never escape.."

She sucked him. She stood up and turned. Maybe her pussy would give her something else to feel. Green pushed his cock into her slowly. Shallow thrusts at first, rapid and shallow. Jennifer flushed all over, slowly rocking, and then pushing back on to his cock. He started to thrust deeper and deeper. Each thrust left her almost breathless. She braced against the floor and fucked him back. He held her hips and rammed her deep. She gripped his cock as it flexed in her pussy. She couldn't think about escapes, or about anything. She just felt the sensation, and her pussy flooded with cum. She arched her back and shrieked. Green leaned over and bit her neck as he fucked her even harder. He came hard, spurting semen into her pussy, squeezing her swollen breasts with each stroke. Her nipples hardened and tingled as he fucked her. How could she leave this? 

The walk back to the village was sobering. Jennifer picked up her notes and wrote. She thought about the people who had become her friends, and about the new life that might be within her. Her pussy was still warm and wet, and throbbed with the memory of her earlier antics. 

She didn't remember much about her prior life until she sat down to write. Then it became clear. She was a scientist. A good writer, a good swimmer, a great skier. She had friends. Family. Loved ones. She was unable to remember what sex had been like before she moved here. She smiled. She really couldn't remember. She had to focus. How was she going to escape? She had to use her mind. Tell a story. Get a writing grant to publish this experience, this time as literature. Maybe write about her pregnancy as it happened. This would at least pay for a ticket, get her on a plane home in a couple of months. She had to get out. And she had to get to the capital without any of the men from the village knowing what was going on. At the same time she had to have as many of them, as many times as she possibly could. This was going to be a one way road out of here. She would miss the boys and the girls.