 Jenny chuckled quietly to herself as she flicked through one of smutty novels Maria kept under her bed. The recently captured heroine of the story was currently being pounded senseless by a mass of demonic tentacles, a situation Jenny found vaguely absurd. She was increasingly into some kinky stuff, but Maria had the really weird ideas.

Ideas like tentacle monsters, I mean how was a creature like that supposed to work anyway? It didn't seem to have a central mass of any kind, just tentacles that shifted endlessly to suit the author's needs. It would need to be made of, oh!

A slip of paper was inserted between the pages of the next spread of the book, covered in Maria's neatly ordered notation. Reading another wizard's notes was often difficult, but Jenny was familiar enough with her roommate's to grasp it quickly.

It was a list of modifications to be made to an already existing spell, and while it didn't specify outright which spell it was for there were enough clues for Jenny to guess. Opening her bedside drawer she pulled out the cowhide packet that held her spellbook. It only took her a few seconds to remove the book and flick to the correct page, it was a spell the two of them had used on more than one occasion. 

'Ensnaring Mass' as it translated from the Latin was originally intended as a self defense spell. Once cast it created a mass of tendrils with just enough sentience to counter the struggles of any moving object it encountered. Their first class with it wasn't even over before Maria had come up with a kinkier use for it.

And now she'd gone a step further, altering it to add all sorts of new features. Jenny smiled to herself, they could have a fun evening with this. Her clock said it was 2.35, that gave her roughly an hour until Maria got back from her afternoon class. She'd better get started.

~~~

It took most of that hour to copy down the full spell, with all its many changes, onto a long thin scroll of paper. Two centuries back she would have had to recite the whole thing in one continuous chant, risking annihilation, or worse, if she messed it up even slightly. Instead she'd been lucky enough to be born into the modern world, so she had the luxury of rewriting the incantation as many times as it took to get it right. 

Once committed to paper she 'canned' it, spooling it inside one of the bronze cylinders created for the purpose. Screwed tightly closed and with a vial of pig's blood at its centre the spell only needed a quick word to prime it, ready to be released with another word. She had just enough time leftover to shower and change before Maria entered the dorm.

When her olive skinned girlfriend opened the door Jenny was hidden behind it, ready to pounce. Like a snake she slid forward to grab her shoulders, "There's my little slut."

Maria started at the sudden touch, but soon relaxed at the sound of her voice, "Is that what I am tonight?"

Jenny wrapped her girlfriend's black ponytail around her fist and pulled, "You are, and I have a surprise for you. Now strip, slowly, and kneel in the middle of the floor."

Maria moved to obey, shedding her clothes one piece at a time. The twirl of her hips as her panties came down was unbidden but appreciated, Jenny watched with hunger in her eyes. Once her girlfriend was kneeling facing away from her nerves set in. She'd only done this a handful of times, she didn't have Maria's experience. She was still trying to get used to being in total control, it was hot but so much pressure to do well, for both of them.

"Jenny sweety, you okay?" Her inner turmoil was interrupted by Maria, looking up at her with those soft eyes, "Are you alright to keep going? We can take a break if you need."

There was nothing but love and compassion in her expression, and Jenny found herself falling for her all over again, "Yes, yes I'm okay. I want to top, if you want it?"

Maria's smile melted her heart and calmed the butterflies in her stomach, "Of course I want to, you look hot by the way."

Jenny blushed nearly as red as her hair, brushing her fingers self consciously through her loose tresses. They barely touched her shoulders, she'd been trying for weeks to grow it to the length of Maria's but it stubbornly refused. Her new black corset at least was perfect, money well spent, even if her parents would murder her if they found out what they'd been paying for.

"Now do I get my surprise?"

The sweet look on Maria's face was overtaken by something far more wicked as she posed the question. Jenny found herself quickly getting back in the mood anticipating what was about to happen. Channeling that arousal into a burst of confidence she grabbed Maria's ponytail again, using it to face her forward again.

"You're going to get your surprise alright. Close your eyes, and don't you dare peek."

Maria hummed happily and obeyed, and Jenny removed the spell from the drawer she'd stowed it in. She uttered the command and twisted the spool, her fingers tingling and the familiar taste of copper forming on the back of her tongue as the spell drank up the pig's blood and came to life.

She held the canister with one hand, directing where the conjuration should appear with the other. The beginning of the mass started to appear as a quickly growing blob, taking on a faint silver colour as the gathered energy glimmered and warped the light shining through it.

With the spell humming away nicely she was free to put the canister down and focus on the growing mass. It was a slower buildup than normal, but then all the modifications had made it a significantly more complex spell. The mass started to define itself as its semi-sentience awoke.

Distinct tentacles began to extend, questing out to find Maria.

Jenny's eyes trace their path eagerly as they make their way towards the impatiently shifting woman. The first tentacle brushed against her butt and she shivered, "Jenny what was that?"

Jenny grinned, "Your surprise."

Having found their target more tentacles began to move on Maria, feeling their way across her butt and thighs, one tracing up her spine.

Maria kept her eyes closed but half turned her head to keep speaking, "Jenny, is this what I think it is?"

"You'll soon find out I think, bend over and show me that perfect pussy."

Maria obeyed with a murmur of excitement, leaning down onto all fours, butt sticking out in the air. The tentacles tracing her shifted as their target changed, her newly presented legs quickly secured. One tentacle meanwhile ran up to rest on her lower back, sliding slowly down across her butt to trace the edge of her exposed pussy.

Maria gave a whimper, "Thank you."

Jenny felt immensely proud of herself, "You like your surprise?"

The tentacle was almost done teasing her, its tip now just barely inside her, the part outside her rotating to brush around her outer lips.

Maria bit her lip and nodded, "How did you find the canister though? I thought I'd hidden it perfectly."

A confused frown creased Jenny's brow, "Canister?"

At that moment something damp and cool wrapped itself around her ankle. A panicked glance down confirmed her fear, she'd been so busy watching Maria she hadn't noticed the spell coming for her too. She gave the command word that should have made it back off, but it didn't. A second tentacle meanwhile had now grabbed her other ankle. Her attempt to back away just caused her to fall, a wordless cry of panic escaping her at the same time Maria moaned loudly in pleasure, the tentacle in her pussy finally thrusting all the way into her.

Jenny lifted her head to see both her ankles still gripped securely and her girlfriend being fucked vigorously, wet sounds barely audible over her moaning. She tried to use another command, and then another, but the mass ignored her attempts. Instead it dispatched more tentacles to counteract her struggling, using the additional leverage to pull her closer an inch and begin spreading her legs.

"Maria! It's not listening to me, why isn't it listening!?"

The tentacle in Maria's pussy continued to fuck her as she twisted around as best she could, "Well I primed a canister, I was actually gonna use it tonight, but you beat me to it."

Realisation dawned on Jenny, too little too late. With a canister primed before hers, and near enough to be within range of her command word, she'd gone and given control to the preexisting roller. A roller that no one was using.

There was a nervous quaver in her voice as she eyed the tentacle approaching her own pussy.

"Ah, Maria, what happens if this thing doesn't receive any orders?"

Tentacles had found Maria's wrists and were pulling them behind her, bouncing her suspended breasts as it continued to pound her.

"Well, without any manual input, it will just cycle through the options it has until it runs out of juice. My advice would be to just relax and enjoy yourself, there's no escaping now. Besides, you kind of deserve it for snooping through my books."

Her sly grin was knocked off her face by a gasp as a second tentacle joined the first inside her, stretching her to new widths. Jenny was lagging behind, a situation the mass seemed intent on rectifying. The tentacles that were now gripping her thighs lifted her butt in the air while two more poised themselves in front of her pussy, still wet from her brief stint in control.

Jenny got no teasing. Once she was lined up the first tentacle rammed itself into her, her eyes rolling back as all she could do was take the sudden penetration. Her mind slowly came back to her as grew used to the pounding, just in time for the second tentacle to start playing with her clit. Luckily for her the mass' slightly watery nature provided its own lubrication, enabling it to go to town on her while her body caught up. She quickly did, the tentacle seemed to know exactly what she liked, and she wondered if Maria had programmed it that way. She wouldn't put it past her, she was as sweet as she was depraved.

The tentacle fingered her to an orgasm that was rapid even for her, and she hoped it would give her a break soon. Like it had read her mind the mass shifted, withdrawing from them both with wet pops. Maria was flipped to end up lying on her back with her head near the mass, while tentacles grabbed Jenny's wrists to pull her to a sitting position. The tentacle's that had just been in them were presented to their faces. Maria immediately opened her mouth, a look of bliss on her face as the two began stuffing her cheeks with their mass.

Jenny must not have been quick enough for it, the tentacle that had just finished fingering her clit moved to engulf her nose, cutting off her air and filling her nostrils with her own musky scent. Unable to breathe she instinctively opened her mouth, and was immediately filled with the other tentacle, getting an even fuller taste of herself as it began to fuck her face. Apparently satisfied, it released her nose so she could attempt to breathe as best she could around the tentacle getting closer and closer to her throat. Things weren't helped when it then joined the first in stuffing her mouth. The two of them worked together to toy with her, sliding around and through each other as they played with her tongue, bulged her cheeks and poked into the entrance of her throat.

She made eye contact with Maria, and her girlfriend smiled with her eyes. The mass allowed her to move one hand in Jenny's direction slightly. Jenny reached out and took it, looking into her eyes with love, a look that was returned. Jenny would have been happy to stay in that moment forever, but the spell had other ideas.

The tentacles withdrew from their mouths, and Jenny watched with confused fascination as one reshaped itself, becoming wider and flatter. Once it was the size of her palm it whipped across to slap her across the cheek. Jenny gasped as the blow struck, the shock and impact setting her reeling. She was dimly aware of a gasp and a moan from Maria, and looking back at her girlfriend saw her receiving a similar beating. Another slap hit Jenny, less overwhelming now she was expecting it.

"Oh yeah, it gets rougher as it goes," moaned Maria, her breasts now being slapped back and forth.

The mass started on Jenny's tits next, jolts of pain and pleasure shooting through her with each blow.

"Yeah thanks, ah! I noticed."

Maria looked like she was about to say something when her mouth was again filled, her pussy also receiving another thrusting tentacle. Jenny managed to keep hold of her hand as she was turfed sideways, one ensnared leg held in the air. She felt a thick tentacle fill her as a flattened one began to spank her.

The mass started giving her clit some attention again and within the minute she was coming again, clutching on tight to Maria's hand. Maria meanwhile was arching her back with every slap her breasts took, from the look of her she was approaching her limit. 

Jenny came again as another tentacle forced its way into her pussy, and then another. She was so impossibly full, her g-spot continually rubbed by the tentacles competing to fuck her senseless. Maria's grip tightened and she saw more than heard the muffled scream as she came, tears forming in her eyes from the endless beating.

The mass took another short break, withdrawing from their stretched out bodies. Jenny felt distinctly empty, as well as tired from the rapid orgasms.

Maria gave her hand another squeeze, "You okay sweetheart?"

"I can take a little more, is it almost done?"

Maria opened her mouth and coughed oddly, and promptly after the mass dragged the both of them together. Jenny watched the strange sight of her girlfriend flying past her face, suspended by the strength of the mass.

"This feels like a final burst," Maria said from above Jenny's crotch. Jenny was also staring at a wet and well fucked pussy, the mass arranging them as if to sixty-nine. But instead of a tongue on her pussy she got a slap from a flattened tentacle. A pulse of pleasure ran beneath the stab of pain that lanced up through her torso.

Her scream was cut short by the large tentacle that seized the opportunity to fill her open mouth. She saw and heard that Maria was being treated identically, but the fact took a few seconds to register with her addled brain, there were other things on her mind. 

She couldn't see the tentacle forcing its way into her pussy, but it felt big, far too big. On instinct she tried to dislodge it, but the mass had her bound tighter than any of Maria's knots. All she could do was stare blankly at the huge tentacle splitting Maria apart as she took one of her own. It seemed to go on forever, more and more of it stretching her to breaking point, the large tentacle in her mouth only gently fucking her as it focused on their pussies.

At last it stopped, there was no more of her for it to claim. And then its last burst began.

She had thought its initial entry overwhelming, but it was nothing compared to thrusting. Back and forth it surged, ramming into her faster and faster. Her mouth meanwhile had become a playground for the mass of tentacles cramming themselves in. The original and largest thrust the deepest, requiring her to start deepthroating it or choke. She lay there trying to fight her gag reflex as it took over more and more of her throat, the others meanwhile were causing her cheeks to bulge as they slid around what space was not already claimed. 

She was engulfed, consumed by the mass filling and surrounding them. Above her Maria was moving less and less as she submitted to the rough fucking and constant spanking. A shudder that must have been her second orgasm ran through Maria's body, Jenny breathing in her sweet scent as she was overtaken by her fourth.

The mass kept going for a little longer, but it was growing noticeably slower. The tentacles were shrinking, and Jenny's bindings were less secure. Maria's body descended gently to lay exhausted on top of her.

The shrinking mass retreated further, one last straggler still slowly fucking Maria as its brethren disappeared.

"Hey Jenny, want another surprise?"

Jenny let out a deranged giggle, "I don't think I can take anymore surprises, but sure, why not?"

Maria spoke and the remaining tentacle popped out of her to lunge with renewed speed into Jenny's half open mouth. Utterly dumbfounded, she let it fill her mouth with Maria's sweet taste before it popped, the spell finally spent.

It took a few moments for her fucked out brain to return and put the pieces together, "You had control the entire time, didn't you?"

Maria rolled slowly off her, shifting around with some wincing to cuddle up to Jenny's unmoving form, "I did, Order of Precedence remember? When the sovereign has a brother, the first one born..."

"Usurps the other," Jenny groaned as the old refrain came back to her. "I thought that only gave you control when both had been triggered though?"

Maria gave her cheek a kiss, "That's because you were too busy checking me out to listen properly. The first one born usurps the other, and if not crowned calls for its mother. So your canister powered the spell, mine took control, and then reached out to me for input. I could have surrendered control back to you, or used it myself, but it was more fun to let it run wild. Except for the sixty-nine, that was me."

Jenny stared at the ceiling as she took a moment to regret her habitual laziness before deciding that she was far too lazy to change it. Maria was right anyways, it was fun.

"I'm not saying you're wrong, but if I never walk again I'm blaming you."

Maria laughed, that melodic sound that had originally drawn Jenny to her, and kissed her again. Jenny wrapped an arm around her, and they lay there exhausted and satisfied.