 "Trolls?" Jeremy wondered out loud, directing an inquisitive glance towards Emmi.

"Well Jeremy," she responded, "I keep telling tell you that this world is different. However, I don't think we have to worry too much, as long as we don't take too long getting to the bridge."

Emmi didn't elaborate further on this remark, leaving Jeremy to wonder about what exactly she meant. Soon they had come to the edge of the meadow path which was almost opposite from where they had entered the meadow on their way to Matty's cabin the previous evening. Jeremy noticed a barn in a clearing that had previously been hidden by the tree line. It was a small structure built of stone and had a thatch roof. As they drew nearer, Jeremy could see that it had a number of stalls with shutters open to the outside. Several horses were poking their noses out, sniffing the morning air with curiosity as they approached. One of the horses whickered a greeting and Emmi suddenly burst out laughting.

"Hoy, Harold!" she called, "I've missed you too!"

Turning to Jeremy, Emmi said, "Last night after you went to bed, Matty offered us the temporary use of a couple of her horses to take us as far the bridge to Riverdale. Fortunately, from the bridge into town is no great distance and we should be able to easily walk the rest of the way well before sundown."

"Bu…but Emmi," Jeremy stuttered, "While I've read a great deal about horses, I've never actually ridden one before."

"Oh dear," she sighed. "That does present a bit of a problem."

Seeing Jeremy's downcast look, Emmi tried to cheer him up by telling him Matty's horses were rather special animals and that it would take very little effort on his part to learn to ride one of them. Furthermore she explained these horses were so intelligent and considerate that they sometimes seemed almost human. Indeed, it would take more than a little effort on his part to fall off.

"This'll be easy, Jeremy." Emmi smiled at him, "I promise!"

Jeremy's mood brightened at Emmi's remarks as they passed through a large door into the barn's dim interior. Walking up to the third stall on the right, Emmi opened the latch of the gate and walked into the stall. She threw her arms around the neck of the horse named Harold, who had turned to greet her with a soft snort. Jeremy almost immediately noticed that Harold was an extremely large horse who had a light gray-colored coat with a matching charcoal-colored mane and tail. A little uncomfortably, Jeremy realized that the top of his head barely cleared the stallion's shoulders. It was also evident that Harold was a rather well endowed stallion as Jeremy found his eyes drawn to an enormous horse cock slowly sliding out of its sheath, seemingly in response to Emmi's enthusiastic greeting. It was huge! Easily as thick as Jeremy's forearm and definitely over two feet long, Jeremy suddenly glanced up as Harold neighed out a challenge. Meeting Harold's baleful glare, Jeremy felt an intuition that perhaps things might not go as smoothly as Emmi had promised.

"Hey now! Easy…easy…" Emmi soothed the jealous stallion. "This is Jeremy and he is my very, very dear friend. Besides, she added, You know darn well Matty would be pretty sore if I let you have your way with me and come to think of it, I'd be pretty darn sore too, but for an entirely different reason." Emmi eyed Harold's enormous, still dangling cock with apprehensive speculation.

Jeremy's eyes almost fell out of his head and his mouth gaped open as he intuited Emmi's remarks. "You mean…" He finally managed to gasp, "That Matty and Harold are…are lovers?"

"Well, Jeremy" Emmi replied, "Matty does live in a rather isolated area and as I've told you before things here are different. For example, while Matty is more than willing to share herself with other people, she is quite possessive of her horses and can become extremely jealous. Anyway, surely you remember last night and shouldn't have too many doubts about whether or not Matty could handle Harold. So, are you truly concerned about Matty or are you just being judgmental?"

"Neither, I guess…" the still dazed Jeremy finally managed to mumble. "Just surprised, I think."

Emmi finally completed the introductions and explained that Harold's large size was the result of his parentage, with Harold being a cross between a Percheron and a Quarter horse. Jeremy began to feel sorry for the Quarter horse until Emmy added that Harold's dam was the Percheron. Meanwhile, Harold seemed to have warmed up towards Jeremy, gently snuffling his outstretched hand. The glare seemed to have left his eyes at any rate, Jeremy noted with relief. Emmi went on to patiently explain to Harold about Jeremy's inexperience with horses and to Jeremy's further surprise, asked Harold to pick out a suitable mount for him. The stallion nudged the stall gate wider and walked out and down between the other stalls until he came to one that held a beautiful chestnut mare.

"Oh!" Emmi exclaimed delightedly, clapping her hands, "Maude is the perfect choice! Why ever didn't I think of her myself? Jeremy, you'll love Maude. She's very gentle and always a perfect lady." 

Maude turned an eye on Harolds slowly receding cock as it withdrew back into its sheath and nickered as if to contradict Emmi's last statement. Emmi giggled as she opened Maude's stall and turning walked towards the barn door, grabbing a couple of horse blankets that hung over a railing as she passed. Both horses followed her tamely out of the door as she called out over her shoulder,

"Come on Jeremy, let's be off."

"On…off, whatever." Jeremy mumbled to himself as he hurried after her out into the bright sunlight. Shielding his eyes against the sudden glare, it was a few moments until his vision readjusted after the dimness of the barn's interior. Emmi had laid blankets across both of the horses' backs as she waited for Jeremy.

"Where are their bridles and what about saddles?" Jeremy asked.

"They won't tolerate saddles and they don't need bridles, Jeremy" Emmi replied. "I told you these were very special animals, didn't I?"

"Well, yeh…" Jeremy answered, "but I think, considering my lack of experience, that I'm going to need a little instruction and maybe even a little practice before I'll feel safe riding one of these critters." At the word 'critters', Harold snorted and turned a menacing eye on Jeremy, who quickly muttered an apology. Emmi hid her impatience to be off rather well under the circumstances and after seeing that Jeremy was safely mounted, proceeded to teach him how to use his hands and feet to communicate his wishes to Maude. While Jeremy practiced Emmi held her tongue, but nevertheless kept glancing up at the sky as the sun continued to march toward its zenith. Finally, Jeremy pronounced himself reasonably ready to travel. More time had passed than Emmi had anticipated, but in all honesty Emmi realized that it wasn't really Jeremy's fault and at last, they were finally on their way.

Emmi took the lead riding on Harold and Maude followed with Jeremy still shifting somewhat precariously on her back. Their path was wide and clearly marked at the edge of the small clearing and soon they reentered the dim stillness of the forest. As they wended their way through the tall trees, Jeremy heard Emmi softly humming to herself as if in counterpoint to the bird calls trilling out from their homes in the branches around them. Muted rays of sunshine broke through openings in the forest canopy above them and bees added their quiet buzz to the halcyon harmony. Jeremy felt himself becoming drowsy and almost comfortable enough to drift off into sleep…almost. Still, in spite of his relative short amount of sleep the previous evening and the peacefulness of his surroundings, Jeremy was alert enough to recognize a change in Emmi's humming.

Urging Maude forward Jeremy glanced over at Emmi as they drew abreast. His eyes widened in surprise as he saw that her shirt-dress was rucked up over the tops of her thighs and she had one of her hands between her legs. Jeremy noticed that the back of her hand rested on Harold's broad back and the horse's gentle up and down movement was aiding Emmi in her self-impalement on her fingers. She was obviously highly aroused and had a very wet pussy if the squishy, slurping noises that were now clearly audible to Jeremy, were any indication. What he had thought was humming was now clearly discernable as a soft and continuous moaning that rose and fell in rhythm to the stallion's gait. Although his bum had long since become numb from the unaccustomed hardness of Maude's back, Jeremy felt his cock stir and rise, inflating with hot blood as his pulse quickened.

Jeremy managed to quickly unlace his trousers before any damage was done and his cock burst free of its confinement. Emmi chose that moment to open her heretofore closed eyes and her startled glance at finding him riding close by was replaced by a grin as she looked down on his turgid banner waving proudly in the air.

"It's the only way to ride." Emmi softly murmured as she switched the hands with which she was impaling herself. Holding the now free hand tantalizingly close under Jeremy's nostrils she lewdly waved her fingers. Jeremy felt his prick turn to stone as he deeply inhaled the scent of her musky arousal mixed in with the smell of horse sweat. Emmi reached down and oiled his shaft with her viscous cunt juices, causing him to moan with pleasure. Slowly, she began an up and down frigging motion while twisting and squeezing her hand from knob to root. Jeremy groaned his pleasure, crying out in frustration when she occasionally released his cock in order to replenish the copious cunny fluids she was using to jack him off. Looking over, Jeremy saw that Emmi had three fingers plunging into her wetly clasping slit and that her thumb was sliding up and down the shaft of her large and distended clit. As if by unspoken agreement, Harold and Maude broke into a pace-matching trot, increasing the pleasure of their riders. Emmi no longer had to move either of her hands as the horse's gait drove her fingers deeper and faster into her spasmodically clenching quim and Jeremy's cock forced itself through her velvety grip with its own increasing horsepower. On they rode.

All too soon Jeremy felt his climax approaching. The tingling numbness of his ass contrasted sharply with the exquisite sensations surrounding his cock, giving an incredible intensity to the experience as he came. White liquid exploded from the tip of his cock wildly spraying out in a credible imitation of a summer shower. Drops of cum flew everywhere. As the outside world began to fade, Jeremy dimly heard Emmi's rising wails of pleasure as she found release in her own gushing orgasm. Abruptly, the horses slowed their pace and both horses and riders, heavily splattered with cum, regained their breath. Emmi reluctantly relinquished her hold on Jeremy's penis.

Early in the afternoon, the two disheveled riders emerged from the forest and found the ground gently sloping down and away from them towards a wide river spanned by a single bridge. They reached the main road and began to close the distance to the bridge. Emmi raised her hand to shade her eyes from the sun and peered intently at the structure that appeared to grow in size as they drew near.

"Oh dear!" Emmi whispered bringing Harold to a halt. "I was afraid this might happen if we got here much past mid-day."

"What?" Jeremy asked with alarm. "What are you afraid of and why does the time of day matter?"

"Well," Emmi attempted to explain. "I had hoped we'd arrive during Holgar's watch, which usually lasts until early afternoon. As far as trolls go, Holgar is a pretty decent fellow and not too greedy when it comes to extorting passage fees from travelers. Now however, we will be forced to deal with his wife Helga who incidentally is a thoroughly unpleasant troll. Helga has insatiable appetites, bizarre habits and has even been known to demand an arm or a leg, sometimes both, as the price of crossing the bridge."

Jeremy shuddered at this newfound knowledge, never having truly considered the origins of that quaint saying in his own world. Jeremy thought that perhaps there were many things he had never given serious consideration and that his education was truly only just beginning. He suspected that in the days and weeks to come many more surprises lay in wait for him. 

"Jeremy darling," Emmi interrupted his introspective musings, "please don't take this the wrong way, but it might be best if you kept silent and let me handle these negotiations, woman to woman, so to speak. Many an unwary traveler has let a slip of the tongue cost him more than he bargained for when dealing with Helga."

Jeremy simply nodded his head in agreement and they started off again to meet this new challenge. Jeremy felt a strong sense of foreboding, but managed to keep his thoughts to himself. He didn't think it would be a good idea to undermine whatever confidence Emmi felt and besides, she appeared to be lost deep in thought and he didn't want to interrupt her concentration with his own petty and probably unjustified fears. One way or another, the future would take care of itself.

All too soon, they reached the end of the path where the footing leading onto the bridge commenced. As they came to a halt, Jeremy was somewhat startled as a huge shadow preceded an impossibly large figure emerging from underneath the bridge. Fortunately, Jeremy was able to keep his seat on Maude who remarkably seemed calm under the circumstances, only quivering a slight bit at the troll's appearance. Harold also seemed to take things in stride, although ears laid flat back against his head and distended nostrils betrayed an unmistakable dislike at the troll's sudden though not unexpected appearance.

Emmi, seeming completely unruffled, called out, "Good afternoon, Helga. It's been awhile since we last met."

"Emmi, ya tiny tidbit," Helga the troll rumbled in a not unpleasant baritone, "it's been a fair spell indeed since ye last passed this way."

"Have ya come to talk of tolls for passage across yon bridge then?" Helga asked, speaking in the oddly stilted and somewhat formal manner that trolls affect when talking to others, when they are so disposed to speak to others at all. She finished this last by placing her hands on her hips and taking a stance that effectively barred passage across the lengthy stone structure spanning the wide river that flowed beneath it. While Emmi paused to frame her response, Jeremy took the opportunity to size up his first ever glimpse of a female troll. Good Lord, she's big Jeremy thought, must be fourteen feet tall, at least. Upon further examination, Jeremy conceded that while she was indeed the tallest creature on two feet that he'd ever seen, she was proportionate and not badly formed, for a troll that is, he dryly added to himself. Indeed, without benefit of clothes Helga was impressive, no doubt. Had she been of more 'normal' size Jeremy reflected, she would have been indisputably stunning. Her round, watermelon sized breasts stood high on her chest, showing no sag whatsoever and her waist narrowed and then flared into solid hips atop well-formed and shapely legs the size of small tree trunks.

However, Jeremy noticed that apart from her shapeliness, numerous other features certainly distinguished the fact that Helga was undisputedly non-human. Her thick skin, actually more like an animal's hide, was a light gray color with small white veins running across the surface and strongly resembled granite rock. Her hair was long, almost to her waist and was a rich, deep green, looking suspiciously to Jeremy like some type of moss. Her armpits and the top of her pubic mound were similarly covered with tufts of green. Jeremy thought her face would have been quite comely if not for the odd copper color of her slanted eyes and the two lengthy fangs protruding from her lower jaw, resting atop her upper lip. Jeremy found this combination of features along with her deep, rumbling voice more than a little intimidating.

"Well?" Helga growled somewhat impatiently, "Have ya come to cross the bridge then and if so, do ye have somewhat to offer in payment for the crossing of it?"

Still apparently unfazed, Emmi finally responded, "I paid enough on my last visit for a return crossing Helga, as you well know."

"Hah!" Helga shouted, causing Jeremy to almost lose his seating on Maude. A sly and cunning look came over Helga's face as she eyed Emmi hungrily.

"If you're referring to the arrangement made with Holgar, I hardly think a bit of an armjob while ya diddled his bum with yer other arm counts for much with me!"

"A deal was made and must be kept!" Emmi firmly insisted.

"No deal was made with me and I'll not honor any tomfoolery of Holgar's nor any deal he may have made behind me back." Helga grumbled.

"Well then" Emmi sighed, "we seem to have reached an impasse. Have you any thoughts on how we may come to an agreement?"

"Oh, indeed I do," Helga replied, with a truly frightful grin.

"What? …What do you want?" a somewhat exasperated Emmi finally asked.

"How nice of ya to ask." Helga coyly responded. "And since yuv asked so nicely, I'll tell ya that I'm of a mind for a bit of male horse flesh."

Jeremy gasped, "You want to eat Harold?"

While Emmi tartly replied, "Harold is his own master and not mine to give."

Ignoring Emmi, Helga answered Jeremy, "Eat …Who said anything about eating? I've a wee yen for a bit of pleasure with yon stallion and if ya wish to cross my bridge, no less will serve."

Bewildered, Jeremy gaped at the troll, entirely missing Emmi's reproving glance at his interruption of the negotiations. Meanwhile, Harold whickered softly to get Emmi's attention and she leaned forward to whisper in the stallion's ear.

"You really don't need to do this." Emmi murmured to Harold. And then, "Are you absolutely sure?" in response to some hidden communication with the horse that Jeremy was unable to detect.

"Ah then…done and well done!" exclaimed Helga triumphantly.

Sighing, Emmi reluctantly dismounted and shaking her head gave Harold an affectionate pat across his withers as he trotted toward the troll, his massive horses' cock slowly unsheathing itself as he went.

In lustful anticipation, Helga dropped to her hands and knees. Looking back over her shoulder at the approaching stallion she waggled her shapely behind and encouraged Harold, "Ah now, ya great stud…come and give me all yuv got."

As if eager to comply, Harold reared up and mounted the troll throwing his front hooves over her shoulders as he unerringly drove the first half of his lengthy cock deep into Helga's waiting cunt.

"Aaaaaaaah…" Helga moaned with pleasure as Harold thrust again, sinking his full length into her.

The stallion continued to thrust in and out of the moaning troll as Jeremy stared at the mating pair. Unexpectedly, Jeremy noticed a wicked gleam come into the horse's eyes. Harold suddenly pulled over two and a half feet of fat horse cock out of the kneeling Helga's pussy and neighing loudly, with a perfect aim drove the first six inches of his huge shaft into her totally unprepared anus. Helga went rigid at this unexpected intrusion and let out an ear-shattering shriek that echoed off the surrounding hillsides.

"Nay…Nay! Nae there, nae there, take it out, take it oooooooout!" the hapless Helga wailed as she struggled to pull herself off of Harold's impaling cock. Her long hair swept clear a wide swath of the ground in front of her as her head thrashed wildly from side to side in denial of the brutal penetration. Despite her pleas, Harold had her firmly pinioned, preventing Helga's desperate efforts to pull herself off his cock, her hands clawing at the earth as she futilely struggled to escape.
