 There is no easy way to describe this, so I will just go ahead and do so. What has happened to my body is beyond me. My milk-swollen breasts ache to be relieved, and I'm so much larger now that I used to be. If more people know then maybe there will be hope, and if not that, then at least some temporary relief or release.

I was married to what I thought was a wonderful man. That sounds like so many sad Hallmark cards, but I had little else to compare it to. My sister and I watched as our parents' marriage disintegrated over the course of our childhood. We had hopes that things would get better, and did our own snooping to get assessments as to how it was going. I'm sure I'm not the only one who snuck into her parents' room and found the tell-tale signs of their love-making. You find the toys, you find the lube, and you even find the naughty videos, which were still old school VHS for some reason. There is such an amazing difference between people who are the most vocal conservatives in public and what they do in their own bedroom. I only mention this because in some ways I became my parents. 

I met Jeremy in college down in San Diego. We didn't go to the same school, but met at one of the many parties that see a mixing of the college students. My goal was Financial Accounting, and I dreamed of working for a large company that would take care of me for the rest of my life—simple, but I was eighteen at the time. Jeremy's main interest in college was football and sex. He really wasn't the kind of guy I should have gone for with my goals of professionalism, but biology changes things. Jeremy had one of the hardest bodies I'd ever felt. He wasn't the tallest guy, in fact he was just a few inches taller than me, and I'm around 5' 5'', but he sculpted that body of his. He hated most other aspects of the college life like the studying, but he worked out constantly. 

There were other guys, and looking back now, I could have had a very normal and healthy life with them. It would have made sense, but so many of them were doughy or weak feeling. As he hung out and the party and drank, I ran my hands playfully over his clothes just to freak out my friend Courtney, who was a complete wall-flower. I thought I was touching a god carved out of wood. The wood, I learned, would quite literally come later. 

We ended up back at my dorm because Jeremy's roommate had already told him that their dorm would be occupied for the evening. I tried to get my roommate Dakota, a cute, but chubby red head, to leave, but she complained that she had nowhere else to go, and promised to be quiet and hide under her covers. Jeremy didn't seem to mind, but then he was drunk, and already had his meaty hand down the front my jeans and into my panties. It was embarrassing to an extent, but I was so wet, and a football player's fingers are not something you can ignore. 

I insisted that we get undressed. Jeremy was willing to just open up our clothing and get his cock inside me, because that's how a guy thinks. I won the argument of course, and at that time didn't understand women who give into their man's will. I would later learn how that can change. 

Jeremy's body was everything my hands had imagined it to be: toned and hard with a minor tan from being in San Diego. By this time his cock had swollen to a beefy member that my small hand grasped like a tree limb. I heard Dakota say "Oh my God", and knew that she was watching us, but I didn't care at the time. It was the biggest one that I've met personally. I wasn't some frail waif at the time. I was thin from running track in high school. My hair was still modestly short from being more a sporty girl, though I still golden highlights in its brown mass. My breasts were a fair size for an athletic girl, but on my than one occasion I did envy girls like Dakota, who despite her constant dieting had two enormous breasts on her. I used to hold up her giant bras to my modest form and imagine. Life is so twisted in some ways. 

It was slow going in, and at one point I thought I was going to be ripped apart. All the while, Dakota watched me, and I heard soft moans leaving her mouth. She was touching herself as Jeremy had his way with me. Being on the bottom can be intimidating especially when you're with a guy who's much bigger than you, but Jeremy did his best to be gentle. I know it's been said before: I knew in that moment that it was more than just a regular college hook-up. The truth was that I didn't have many college hook-ups. Here was this beautiful and amazing specimen of a man, and he had chosen me over all the other girls. I couldn't help but let something like that go to my head. 

Unseen, Dakota cried out in her own pleasure as she made herself cum. I was about to burst out laughing when my own orgasm hit. I remember knocking with my small fist on Jeremy's muscled side, and telling him to "keep going...keep going." I just didn't want any part of it to end.

When it did end, I felt Jeremy empty himself inside of me. I had prided myself on taking the time to get undressed, but didn't remember a condom. After he pulled out, I felt his cum dripping out of me almost like my bladder was leaking. He must have filled me to the brim. Fortunately, the pill did work that time. Even though I had found something new and unrestrained, and I was still very serious about my goals.

Jeremy rolled off, and I lay there with my body hot and flushed. My skin must have been glowing, but Dakota didn't mention it. I looked over at her, and sure enough her pajama bottoms were off, and she was cleaning herself with a wash rag. She had never brought a guy back to the dorm, even though I assured her that I would respect her privacy and be elsewhere with a little warning. Ironically, her not giving me the same consideration led me to seeing the sexual side of her for the first time. 

"You okay there, sweetie?" I asked.

She gave me the most incredulous look at first, as though I was somehow judging her. Dakota's cherubic face scrunched up, and she probed me deeply with her eyes. I softened my smile and willed her to get my meaning, which she did. She nodded, and asked if I was alright after taking "that thing" inside of me.

"Better than alright," I said. "My semester so far has improve. You really need to get a guy though, hon. It's much better than going solo."

Jeremy was pretending to doze, but chuckled lightly at that. 

"I just don't have much luck with guys," she said. "I don't look like you."

"That's bullshit," I said, and regretted the harshness in my tone for I knew that a girl as sensitive as Dakota turn to stone if she thought I was putting her down in anyway. "You're so attractive. I wish I had tits as big as yours. They would play hell with my jogging, but I've always felt like I was less of a woman for not having more of a chest."

"They're really a pain," she insisted. "And they've yet to attract anyone."

I would come to regret the next part. When you're advocating for someone else, especially when they're feeling down you start to make all sorts of claims and promises of better futures. I shook Jeremy from his pretend slumber. "As a guy, you find Dakota attractive right? You'd have sex with her?"

"Uhh..." 

He may have suspected that this was some sort of ploy on my part. Sadly, there is no shortage of bitches who lay traps for own men as an excuse to berate them. Maybe I was just feeling really generous or wanted to contradict Dakota's certainty about her own reality. 

"Would you do it?" I pressed. 

"Are you serious? This isn't some kind of test, is it?"

"No," I said. "She's been a real friend, and she deserves to feel good."

He still played at being hesitant, and likely still was on some level, but beneath that is the baser part of guys. That part of them that is always willing to have sex with just about anyone or anything. Despite the quality of our fuck, I knew that Jeremy still had that inside of him. 

My deft fingers worked around his flaccid cock to learn that it wasn't as flaccid as it might have been after just having sex. "You're already interested, huh?"

He closed his eyes and turned away from me. "Make me feel guilty about it."

"Take off your top," I said to Dakota. "Show Jeremy your tits. He'll love them."

Poor Dakota did as she was told. Her breathing quickened and her cheeks were flushed. She presented herself to Jeremy in all her chubby and voluptuous glory. While Jeremy took her in, I saw the longing in his eyes, and felt his cock get larger in my hand. Dakota had a rounded tummy, and her ass and hips were larger, and what I would imagine would be ideal for birthing. A thick red bush covered her mound, and I could tell that it was still wet and swollen with desire. 

Jeremy stopped being hesitant by any means. He went over to her, and began kissing her as she closed her eyes almost in fear. He felt up those pendulous breasts that I sometimes envied, and with little effort eased her onto her twin-sized bed. With Jeremy's guiding hands, my roommate spread those large legs of hers and welcomed him inside of her. Dakota bit her lower lip as it happened, and seemed to be bracing for something as though it was painful. I smiled knowing how pronounced Jeremy's dick could be as it made its way inside of someone. She stifled some small cries as he began pushing it in and out of her. She hadn't been a virgin, but it must have been a long time since anyone but her toys had ventured inside her. 

I just couldn't stay away when I still felt horny. I slowly approached, as not to startle her, then I knelt down and began sucking on one her large tits. She squealed with delight at this. I'd long suspected that she had wanted to do something with her, but just couldn't find the courage to do it. I left a sliver of saliva as I pulled away from her engorged nipple. 

"Do you like this, baby?" I asked. 

"Oh, God yes."

"Good." 

I began kissing her then, and she joined me in making out as my boyfriend continued to fuck her properly. She cried out my name as she finally came, and I kissed her deeply as Jeremy pumped his cum into her. He still had so much inside of him. A little of it leaked out of Dakota's hot pussy. Not enough though. Unlike me, Dakota had stopped taking the pill months before because she claimed it wasn't good for her. She said she loved Jeremy and I, and wanted to do it again. I was willing to do so, but things got so much more complicated when she told me weeks later that she was pregnant. 

I look back at those days now and wonder what made me stay with Jeremy. It was my fault really: I told him that I wanted him to fuck her. I shouldn't have, and I should have broken it off between us. I didn't know that this would become an obsession for him. Dakota's getting pregnant the first time was just to prelude to my own strange fate with Jeremy. As I tell you this now, I am much Dakota was and became, but it's all so much weirder.