 Jessica vaguely remembered being carried by Adrian through the red looking glass Gate. All she felt was the immeasurable pain of the humans, Slayers, and yes, even vampyres who were killed to create this portal. Jessica felt the determined cruelty of the souls trapped within the Gate as they tried to tear through her body to reach her soul, her free soul. Eventually, the pain was too much for her body to take and she slipped into oblivion. 

When she awoke she was in a grand four poster bed. It was made out of a deep mahogany wood and the comforter on top of her was navy and gold in an elegant design. She felt like she was trapped in a gilded cage.

Jessica slipped out from between the covers and silk sheets and placed her bare feet on the floor. She cautiously walked over to the bathing room. A small note was next to the marbled onyx sink.

It read:

Jessica-

Please dress for the Macabre Court tonight. 

There is a dress waiting for you in the closet.

If you need help… do not be embarrassed… Knock on your door three times.

A maid will come to you.

Adrian

What does he think? I can not dress myself? Jessica stormed over to the closet and ripped open the door and stared at the dress inside. OK, maybe I will need some help.

Jessica walked to the door and knocked three times. She stood helplessly in the middle of the room. Adrian had taken her stakes and everything else on her. Jessica's mouth dropped and she looked down at herself. She was in a night robe! He had seen her naked!

"Miss?" 

Jessica whirled around. A young woman had opened the door and she was beginning to step into the room. 

"I was asked to help you dress yourself for the Court tonight," the maid came to stand before Jessica. She was shorter than Jessica was by a good two inches and when their eyes locked Jessica's violent stared into vivid green ones. The maid's hair was a cherry red that was swept back into a half ponytail but there were small red ringlets framing her face and a light dusting of freckles across the bridge of her nose.

"Ah… yes…" Jessica stuttered flustered by this small female.

"Well, we first need to get you into a bath, miss," the maid giggled. "If you were worried about the fact that you woke up only in a night robe… don't" the maid winked. "I undressed you."

Jessica's mouth dropped and her sex began to get moist.

"What… what is your name?" Jessica asked as she was being led into the bathing room.

"Raven and you are Jessica," Raven spoke softly and turned on the water adding some liquids and made sure the water was not to hot. 

"How does everyone know my name?" Jessica asked exasperated with the fact that everyone else knew about her but she did not know what was going on!

"We watch you. Your kind," Raven slowly walked over to where Jessica was standing. Jessica's robe was buttoned down and Raven began to slowly undo each button. By the time Raven was making her way down to Jessica's navel her nipples were hard and her sex was wet once again. Raven's breath was ragged and her fingers were unsteady as she undid the last buttons. She pushed the robe off of Jessica's shoulders and they both stood silent until Raven realized the water was almost going to overflow in the tub.

"I've haven't done that in ages!" Raven exclaimed as she turned off the water.

"What? Almost overflowed the tub or undressed a girl?" Jessica smirked as Raven turned and grinned at her.

"Both. Now come join me."

Raven quickly stripped down and slid into the hot soapy water moaning as she fully immersed herself under the water. Jessica eagerly followed her example. Raven opened up her arms and Jessica drifted into her arms. After gently running her hands up and down Jessica's body Raven began to massage Jessica's scalp. Raven washed Jessica's deep auburn hair and put conditioner in it. Afterward Raven asked Jessica to stand.

"Why?" Jessica asked lazily as she slowly stood.

"So I can wash you." Ravens replied simply and proceeded to do so. She started with Jessica's breasts lathering them up with a thick soap. She squeezed the nipples and teased Jessica until she was panting. Then she moved down Jessica's body, sliding her hands over her stomach, and then she slipped them over Jessica's bottom slightly kneading Jessica's cheeks. 

"Dunk," Raven said as she finished up Jessica's legs. Jessica did as she was told and then stood up once more when Raven motioned for her to.

"Why are you doing all of this for me?" Jessica whispered as she was pushed to the side of the tub, to sit on the side.

"Because you are a guest here," Raven's lips twitched with restrained mirth, "and Drayus told me to have you ready for Court tonight," her eyes twinkled. "I wanted to prepare you the best way I know how." And with that she buried her face into Jessica's sex. She slurped noisily and Jessica gasped at the pleasure rushing through her… from another woman.

Raven grabbed Jessica's hips and pushed her against the wall around the tub. Jessica opened her legs slightly and was rewarded with Raven's tongue flicking over her clit.

Well, let's see what happens if I open my legs up all the way… Jessica thought as she let her legs extend to their fullest. She heard Raven gasp for breath and dive back into her sex. 

"Oh yeah," Jessica murmured. She grabbed Raven's hair and ground her hips into Raven's face. She noticed that Raven did not have both hands on her legs. She was missing one. "Please, please slip a finger into me, please!" Jessica begged as a wave of pleasure hit her body. Jessica tried to look around and see Raven's hand but she couldn't think of anything else but the climax clawing its way up her spine. She shuddered and cried out as the wave hit her completely and utterly. She would have slide into the tub completely if Raven hadn't caught her.

"Oh my god. That… that was unbelievable," Jessica flopped back and looked down at the woman between her legs. She smiled and winked. "Can I return the favor?"

"No, Miss you can not."

Jessica's heart dropped and her face showed the disappointment.

"Not because I don't want you too, Miss," Raven said while she stood up and pulled Jessica away from the wall, "but because you need to get ready for the Court!" Raven smiled, reached down and pulled out the drain, then stepped out of tub. She helped Jessica out and wrapped a warm downy towel around Jessica's body then another around herself.

I could get used to this…, Jessica thought and then immediate realized what she thought. Get used to this? How can I even think this? I am in the vampire house of Drayus Morgarhart, the oldest known vampyre. I am being brought to his Court! And I am thinking about how good the maid ate out my pussy!

"Miss?" Raven looked questionably at Jessica. The girl looks like a deadbeat vamp! Raven thought as she tugged on Jessica's arm to relieve her of the trance she seemed to be in. Jessica's violet eyes cleared and she nodded then nodded softly at Raven and at the same time walked to the closet.

"How does this thing work?" Jessica asked good naturally and pointed to the intricate lacing of the corset. Raven shook her head and smiled. Then both girls proceeded to get Jessica ready for the Macabre Court.

…To Be Continued…