 (For descriptive consistency I used glamour model Leanna Decker as the template for Meg).

***

It was a time of peace in the valley. The meadows were green and farmer Jones had only one worry, his daughter Meg was getting on in age and he had to find her a husband. He was just a serf and wanted to make sure his daughter was well provided for. He hoped he would see her settle in a comfortable manor and will not want for anything. Lord Mountford was coming around today to pay him a visit and he hoped to present his daughter to him as a prospective bride. His daughter was out in the orchard picking some fruit and vegetables for lunch. 

Meg had blossomed into a beautiful lass. She was blessed with beautiful flaxen hair, smooth complexion, sparkling green eyes, full breasts and a strong, athletic body ideal for farm chores. Having spent all her life on a farm, hardly ever meeting other folk, Meg did not develop the moral inhibitions to sex as most did. She was innocent to the ways of the world. 

She was used to seeing farm animals mate and she was sure they enjoyed it. She was not ashamed of enjoying it either, but she just did not have the opportunity to do it with a man. It was an unbearable frustration for a young girl with a high libido. She would often see her father fondle farm animals in the breeding season to get them to copulate, and she would imagine how it would feel like for a man to fondle and mount her.

Meg had been milking cows all morning and had gone to the orchard to pick some fruit for lunch. She then walked through the vegetable field and picked some cucumbers for the salad. They were just the size and firmness she liked. With her basket full of fruit and vegetables, Meg wandered to the woods to play among the flowers. 

She sat in a bed of flowers, in the shade of a tree. She looked into her basket and picked out a red plum. She took a bite of that juicy fruit. The red juice spilled on her chin and she quickly wiped it before it stained her dress. To avoid anymore juice spilling, she sucked that plum until the flesh was off the seed. She took out another plum and instead of biting it, she wrapped her lips around it. Somehow it felt very sensual. She had no experience with a man, but somehow it seemed like something she could do with a man. She sucked that plum until the skin broke and the soft flesh flowed into her mouth. 

"This is a wonderful game," she thought to herself. She put another plum to her lips. She pressed the plum into her mouth and felt her lips slowly distend to fit the plum. When it was at its widest, she sucked the plum. The juice and flesh popped into her mouth in a delicious, viscous eruption. She loved the sensation of the plum caressing her lips and pushing her mouth open. She took another plum and sucked on it. Her cheeks tingled. Her breasts felt sensitive. She sucked the sweet flesh off it and sighed with contentment. Meg decided to stop eating the plums. She was full and did not want to finish all the plums. 

Meg laid back and looked up at the sky through the branches of the tree. She put her fingers into her mouth to suck off the plum juices and clean her fingers. She then did what bored farm girls do. She placed her hand on her crotch and casually rubbed her frock over that spot where her pleasure pit was. Her caresses became firmer until she wanted a more intense sensation. She hiked her dress up over her waist and cupped her hand over her panty camel toe. 

She rubbed her fingers over her slit for a short while. Her pussy became warm. She spread her thighs wider to get a better feel. Her soft labia spread open to her touch. Looking up at the sky, through the leaves of the tree, Meg put her hand inside her panty and rubbed her fingers on her clit. She rubbed herself languidly, enjoying the tingling sensation. She thought of Bill Mountford visiting them today. Her breath got heavier as she imagined his penis, getting large and erect, pushing against her clit. She had never seen a naked man, so she fantasized he was built like a horse or a bull or a ram or a cucumber. Her mind settled on the cucumber. 

Meg's breath became hot and the rubbing of her clit became faster. Her face flushed. She was swollen down there and was about to stick her finger into her hot wet pit when she heard a horse whinnying. She looked over and saw their stallion was mounting the mare. 

Meg spotted a cucumber in her basket. It was as long and hard as the one she imagined Bill Mountford would have. It was about as wide as the plum. She put the tip in her mouth, just like she did with the plums. She let her tongue play on the tip as she slid it into her mouth. She caressed the cucumber as if it was a man's penis, maybe Lord Mountford's son's penis. Maybe he would be as virile as the stallion. When her saliva was dripping from the cucumber, Meg placed the tip of the cucumber at the entrance of her pussy. She eased it in slowly, helping the penetration by arching her back. When she had put it in about three inches she stopped and started to slowly pump herself. Thinking that maybe the young Mountford would be calling today, Meg closed her eyes and imagined she was being mounted by the muscular and handsome William Mountford. 

Meg was so engrossed with her fantasy she started to push that cucumber deeper than she had ever gone before. She held the cucumber in both her hands and pumped her hips up. Her tongue licked her lips, her eyes closed, her breathing hot and raw. Her loins were tingling. The cucumber coated in her juices. 

Meg thought of how the stallion was mounting the mare. She removed the cucumber and rolled onto her stomach. She raised her hips and spread her legs as if she was a mare in heat. She positioned the tip of the cucumber at the entrance of her vagina, the other end was lodged in the turf. Meg raised her body on her hands, gently pushing her vagina back onto the cucumber. Once the cucumber was securely in, she raised her bottom in the air and slowly pumped the green shaft. She sighed as she pushed it in deeper. 

On her hands and knees, Meg began to rock on the penetrating cucumber, her juices coating the vegetable. Her round bottom lifted up into the air as she rapidly pumped that cucumber. Meg moaned. Her vulva muscles twitched. In and out of her hot vulva that cucumber went. Her vulva cradled the hard green vegetable, while her clitoris rubbed against it. 

The sound of the woods disappeared. Meg could only hear the squelching between her thighs. Her swollen breasts pressed hard against the turf. Her face buried in the cool green grass. Her mouth opened with desire, Meg had that intense flush a young lady enjoys most. Her vagina clamped around that cucumber, caressing it, wanting it to be alive. Meg gasped as her vulva shuddered. She pushed down on the cucumber taking it as far as she could go. Her vagina convulsed as she gripped her thighs together and hugged the vegetable in her. She finished herself with short, frantic strokes and a groan. Her body tingling as she regained her breath. 

Meg was lost in her pleasure when she heard the sound of a carriage in the distance. She bolted upright and tossed the cucumber away. She pulled her panty back on, picked up her basket and quickly ran back to the farmhouse. Her hair flew in the wind. Her long legs hurdled over bushes until she reached the farmyard. 

"Ma! Pa! His Lordship is coming!" Meg yelled excitedly as she barged into the kitchen. 

"You're such a mess. Go clean yourself up girl and put on your town dress." Mrs Jones instructed her daughter as she collected the basket of fruit and vegetables. 

Meg went to the wash bowl to quickly wash her hands and face before darting to her bedroom to dress up. She put on her best dress. A blue calf length frock with a little lace modesty frill to cover the top of her prominent breasts. Mrs Jones entered the room and nodded her head in approval.

"Sweetheart, I want you to be especially nice to Lord Mountford, understand? This is a very important visit. Do all you can to make him happy. You are such a beautiful girl," Mrs Jones said as she tugged the front of Meg's dress to expose more of the top of her breasts. 

When the carriage arrived at the farmhouse, the coachman alighted from the driving seat and helped Lord Mountford out of the carriage. Mountford was a short fat man, and not agile enough to get in and out of carriages without assistance. The coachman was a nasty looking brute. He was also the Lord's bodyguard. 

"We are honored you have taken the trouble to visit our humble farm your Lordship," said a suitably courteous Mr Jones. "May I introduce you to my wife Mrs Colleen Jones, this is my lovely daughter Meg and I am your servant, Angus Jones." Farmer Jones finished with a bow, prompting the rest of the family to bow before the Lord. 

The Lord was immediately struck by the rare beauty of young Meg. His eyes lingered on the top of her wobbling breasts as she bowed before him. Her cascading flaxen hair highlighted the green of her eyes, the pink of her full lips, and as his eyes wandered down, the roundness of her large breasts and curve of her waist and hips. "Meg does look an angel. Is she of the age you stated?" Asked Lord Mountford, as he licked his lips. 

"Yes, your Lordship. She is of age and is very healthy, as you can see. She is a rare beauty, and she is robust and will bear many children," enthused farmer Jones. 

Meg smiled at the Lord to emphasize her father's words. 

Lord Mountford eyed Meg lustfully. She was young and voluptuous. Ripe for him to ride. 

"She is quite a bit taller than I expected. You must've fed her well," said Lord Mountford as he looked at Meg's full young bosoms again, and then ogled her hour-glass figure. He imagined having his cock between those thighs and riding this wench hard.  

"You will find Meg hardworking and fit for any purpose you want of her," said farmer Jones as he led Lord Mountford into the kitchen/dining room and offered him a chair at the centre of the table.

Mrs Jones motioned Meg to fetch a jug of wine. Meg went scurrying to the cupboard and came back to the dining table with a jug to fill the Lord's cup. She tried to hide her disappointment that Lord Mountford's son did not make the journey. 

"Come sit next to me and enjoy this feast your parents have provided us," Lord Mountford gestured as he admired Meg's wobbling breasts while she was filling the cups with the wine. Meg noticed and felt strangely flattered to have a noble admire her. She knew what Lord Mountford liked, so she poured the wine slowly, letting the Lord have a good look. The thought that the Lord desired her was like a strange aphrodisiac. 

Colleen Jones was proud of her beautiful daughter and was happy the Lord appreciated what she had to show. She placed the chickens on the table for Mr Jones to carve up; and she placed a chair close to Lord Mountford for Meg to sit on. 

"This is wonderful wine," Lord Mountford declared. He took a good gulp of wine and tore off a piece of bread to put in his mouth. Soon the food and wine was being consumed in a convivial atmosphere. 

"You have raised a fine daughter, Angus," Lord Mountford said with a mouthful of chicken and bread. 

"Yes, Milord, she will make a fine wife for the right man," said farmer Jones, shamelessly proud of his daughter. 

"Will your son, William, be paying us a visit?" Meg asked hopefully. 

"That rascal is probably out bedding some tavern wench! He is not yet ready for someone as fine as you my dear. I will take good care of you," Lord Mountford said while placing his hand under the table on Meg's thigh. 

Meg sat back, deflated. Meg had seen the young Mountford as a young girl and thought he was pleasing to the eye. She dreamed he would be her suitor. 

"My dear Meg, I'm just as virile as young Bill Mountford. You will not want for a man's attentions with me," his Lordship said while crudely looking down Meg's dress.

In Meg's menagerie of humans, she saw William Mountford as a stallion. Lord Mountford was more of an overfed boar. She pictured the pigs mating in the pen. "The sows enjoyed it," she thought to herself. 

Lord Mountford continued groping Meg. He ran his hand up Meg's thigh until he reached her crotch. He then casually placed his fingers on her camel toe. Her panty was still wet from her masturbation in the woods. Her wetness made his cock twitch. If Meg was not wearing panties, he would have stuck his finger in her cunt. Instead he reminded himself he was at the dinner table. 

Meg accepted his attentions dutifully. She knew if she pleased the Lord, she and her humble family would be set for life. She opened her thighs to give the Lord better access, while she continued eating her meal. It reminded her of when her father primed farm animals for mating. She knew she was being primed for breeding. 

The Lord's fingers were like big fat pork sausages between her thighs. Prodding and caressing her, feeling for the bounty in her trough. His Lordship eventually got tired of the groping and concentrated on filling himself with food and drink. 

After lunch, Mr Jones showed the Lord around the farm, while the women cleaned up the table and washed the dishes. 

The coachman took the opportunity to sit at the table and eat his meal, staring at Meg all the while. He had been lusting after her from the moment he arrived. He salivated over her full breasts and round hips; his penis began to become engorged whenever he saw the curve of her buttocks in her dress. He could not contain his uncontrollable lust. Now here he was, sitting at a table with this goddess of sex leaning over a wash basin in front of him, cleaning dishes. He could not keep his eyes off Meg's wiggling butt cheeks as she scrubbed the dishes. He just had to have her. 

When he had finished his meal, he stood up and stepped behind Meg as she was bending over the basin. He grabbed her hips in his strong callused hands and pressed his large erect penis against her rear. He nestled his cock in Meg's butt crack and desperately dry humped her. 

Meg nearly fell into the sink from the force of his pumps, but she managed to grab the sides of the basin to hold herself up. 

The coachman's fat cock was a snug fit between Meg's bum cheeks. He was content to simply use her rump for masturbation. He knew he did not have much time. His randy, excited, violent humping brought him to his peak very fast. 

He leaned forward, his hot breath in Meg's ear, he whispered. "You've been asking for it, haven't you? You're a ripe young peach. Get used to men using you, you minx."

This was not the way Meg imagined sex. Her body shuddered from the grinding against her back passage. 

"Stop it please. Leave me alone." Meg grimaced as she tried to get away from the coachman's grasp, her full breasts now almost spilling over the top of her lace fringed dress. 

This made the coachman tighten his grip around Meg's breasts. He pulled her harder against his dick. He could feel her camel toe rubbing against his balls. With a groan he came, pumping a huge sack of cum inside his pants. He moaned with satisfaction as he ground his aching cock in Meg's warm butt crack. He leaned onto Meg's back, breathless. 

Meg managed to steady herself and tried to pull away from him, but he held her tightly to his crotch. She felt his spasm as he continued to ejaculate. To Meg it felt like a gorilla had tried to mount her. As soon as his grip eased, Meg pulled away. She swung around and saw a large damp spot on his pants. She stepped away from him just as her mother returned to the kitchen. 

Meg quickly completed her chores and went outdoors to get away from the coachman. 

She joined her father and Lord Mountford in the milking shed. 

"Meg, I have some wonderful news. His Lordship has generously agreed to give us title to the farm. He has also agreed for you to live the life of a Lady at the manor." Angus Jones gave his daughter a joyful hug and went hurriedly to tell Mrs Jones the good news. They would no longer be serfs, but would become landowners. 

Lord Mountford approached Meg with open arms. "I'm so happy you will be joining my family. You will be taken good care of and will enjoy a life of comfort and happiness," said the Lord.

Meg jumped excitedly into Lord Mountford's open arms. Her breasts wobbling and expanding with excitement. 

He hugged and pressed his short fat body against her, his face close to her bosom, his crotch pressed against her thighs. 

Meg felt the bulge in his pants rub against her, he was trying to position it between her thighs. She looked over Lord Mountford's head to see her mother standing in the doorway of the shed. Mrs Jones smiled at her daughter and nodded encouragingly. Her eyes filled with tears of joy. 

Meg conveniently opened her legs and lowered her pussy to meet Mountford's bulge. Her mother nodded more encouragement. 

Lord Mountford did not need encouragement. He stood on his tiptoes and strained to press his crotch against Meg's young vagina. 

"Meg, your father and I will go and make travel arrangements with the coachman. In the meantime, please look after his Lordship," Mrs Jones said as she collected Mr Jones and closed the shed door on their way out. 

Alone in the shed with this ripe young peach, Lord Mountford could not control himself. He clasped the back of Meg's head and pulled her face down towards his slobbering mouth. He licked her pink lips and crudely put his tongue inside her innocent mouth. 

Meg did not know how to kiss. She passively opened her mouth to let the Lord do what he wanted. He roughly filled her mouth with his hot tongue. He pulled her faced hard against his as he licked and slobbered over her young lips. Meg puckered her mouth, like she would when kissing her mother. 

Mountford had no interest in her 'dolly' kiss. He pulled Meg forward against his body, grinding against her thigh and invading her mouth with his tongue. He grabbed the white lace frill over her breasts and ripped it off. The top of her breasts jiggled and nearly fell out of the dress. 

"You tore my dress," Meg said a little annoyed. 

"I'll buy you plenty of dresses my sweet. Come here and let me feel your sweetness," the Lord said as he reached out and squeezed Meg's breasts. 

Meg sighed and let him massage her breasts. This was the first time someone had played with her breasts. She casually looked up at the ceiling of the milking shed and watched the rafters. Her breasts started to respond to the stimulation. Her nipples became hard and wanted more attention. 

On cue, the Lord pulled the front of Meg's frock down to expose her tits. He licked her nipples like candy. Meg presented her breasts for sucking, but the Lord wanted to move on fast. He undid his trouser and lifted Meg's dress. His body was going too fast for him. He quickly pulled Meg's panty down and tried to stick his cock in her pussy. 

She was still dry. She winced and pulled away. 

He grabbed her and pulled her against him. He stuck his cock between her thighs. "Just close your legs and hold it there," he whispered. 

Meg knew what she had to do. She gripped his dick between her fleshy thighs. 

Snuggled in Meg's perineum, the Lord masturbated by pumping his excited cock up into the valley beneath her vagina. His precum lubricated that fleshy pocket allowing his fat cock to slide in and out. He knew it would not take him long. He was totally overcome by this minx. 

He roughly clamped his mouth on Meg's breast. His cock became harder and longer, he got up on his toes and pushed it out the back of Meg's thighs. His cockhead was swollen and purple. Lord Mountford was on his toes, his hands cupping Meg's buttocks, pulling her against him as he pumped his swollen cock between Meg's thighs. 

Meg placed her hands on his shoulders to steady herself.
