 While Raven was dressing Jessica Adrian was dealing with problems of his own.

"You brought her here?" Jasper the infamous Macabre Court heir sneered down his nose at Adrian. "I do not think Drayus will like this. She is too new... you did realize it was her first hunt alone," Jasper uttered in a tone of pure contempt. 

"Drayus is the one who bid me to bring her here himself," Adrian retorted stiffly and turned on his heel leaving Jasper guppy faced behind him. Over his shoulder Adrian spoke coolly, "You know what they say. If you make an ugly face... it will stick. So I suggest you close your mouth so you can get laid tonight."

Adrian smirked and continued walking to his room. I shouldn't have done that, he thought as he opened up his door. Then he heard a small voice with his keen ears.

"You will regret that Adrian..."

Adrian sighed as he walked into his room. He flopped onto his bed trying to relax before the intrigues begin at the Court. His took his arm and put it over his eyes and placed the other one behind his head. He sighed once again and thought upon the Slayer Drayus had asked him to bring back to the Court. She was so new, Adrian thought about the violet-eyed woman. Her first hunt alone. Her first entrance into the game, Adrian shifted on the bed and placed a soft velvet pillow behind his head then replaced his arm over his eyes. First hunt, she wasn't that bad. Of course, looking into those violet eyes nothing is bad. Adrian could see the way she was drawn to him and he was to her when they were in the alleyway. Spell bound, Adrian began to drift and was about to slip into oblivion when a small knock interrupted Adrian's musings. He groaned and got out of his soft bed. 

"What the hell do you want?" He growled as he swung the door open wide. Before him was a maid, his maid, Raven. Startled Adrian looked down upon her. "Well?" 

"She is ready Sire. I wanted to know if you wanted help tonight."

"No." Adrian watched the small pout form on Raven pink-red lips for a slip second then she turned and Adrian closed his door.

The closet was in another room and Adrian crossed the room to get to it. He opened swung the double doors open and peered inside. In the corner of the walk in closet was an outfit laid out for him. 

Poor Raven, Adrian thought as he gazed at the clothing laid out before him. The clothing, if you could call it that, was Raven's favorite to place on him... It was on of his favorite Court costume to wear a flimsy thing that showed off every detail of his body. But tonight was not the night for it. 

I need to speak with Drayus about this woman, Jessica... He thought of her as he chose his outfit for tonight. It was her night after all. Adrian grimaced as he thought of other slayers and what happened when they were brought her... it was always interesting to the Court to see them break or accept them. Adrian felt a twinge of guilt. He did not wish the breaking upon Jessica, he hoped that she chose the other fate... Why did he have to be the one to bring her in? He wouldn't have become so attached already.

Adrian shook his head. Tonight he would wear... Adrian began pulling a couple things out of his extensive wardrobe. He cautiously placed these things on and looked at himself in the mirror up and down. His long blonde hair was pulled back and held with a silver and sapphire clasp shaped into a thin line which, of course, was plain compared to some of the ridiculous ornaments other men wore at Court. Adrian's eyes continued down his own body. He unbuttoned the first three buttons down the satin shirt of a deep azure the rest was tucked into soft black pants. Adrian felt that he was missing something and he couldn't think of what. Suddenly, he snapped his fingers and walked out of the closet.

"Ah, here you are," Adrian pulled a long bullwhip out from its place hooked on the wall. He looked at it and as he touched it he felt faint stirs in his loins. So many woman and men have felt the bite of his favorite whip. He loved the power and control it gave him. He buckled it around his hips and left for Court.

Jessica fidgeted as she waited for Adrian. She had a hard time sitting in the beautiful laced dress.

Raven said he would only be a moment, Jessica looked at the clock hanging on the wall. Well, she lied. Surprise there. 

A knock sounded upon Jessica's ears and she slowly stood up. The bindings of her dress strained and cut into her skin slightly if she did not move the right way in the dress. She sauntered over to the door slowly on her high blood red stilettos with silver heels. Jessica opened up the door and her mouth dropped as she looked upon Adrian in his Court attire. She fell into his blue eyes made cerulean with his shirt and wanted to reach up and capture his mouth with her own. She began to lean in...

Adrian looked over Jessica's body and he felt himself grow stiff. She was in a lace up dress was deep amethyst velvet that strapped up the sides of her body with black ribbon from her mid thigh till under her arms. It was strapless had a very low neckline and he could see the beginnings of the light pink areolas surrounding her nipples. Her neck was bare but her ears were not. She was wearing earrings that were silver and ended in deep purple drops brushing her shoulders. And her eyes... Adrian felt his own grow black with desire and bloodlust. Her eyes were deep violet pools... he could see the light make up Raven had meticulously applied to Jessica's face but it did not take away the sparkle and beauty of Jessica's eyes. Adrian moved closer to her.

"May I escort you, Jessica?" Adrian whispered and his voice shook as he tried to control the lusts racing through his body. He extended his arm.

"It isn't like I have a choice," Jessica replied trying to drag her eyes away from his shifting ones. Jessica tore her gaze away after a few awkward moments and took Adrian's offered arm. She felt the electricity as they touched. Adrian turned towards her and held her softly in his arms. She turned to him like in a dream she reached up and brushed her fingertips along Adrian's jaw line. He in return cupped her face in his freezing hands and pulled her to him. Jessica caught his lips and expected to be revolted but Adrian's lips were merely cool and very soft Adrian gently brushed his tongue against her lips and Jessica responded by opening her mouth and their tongues began to dance. Abruptly, Adrian pulled away. Jessica was life mid kiss and very light headed. Adrian tugged on her arm and she had no choice but to follow.

Too soon they were standing in front of the large double doors leading into the Macabre Court. Adrian looked down at Jessica.

"Remember," he spoke softly, "we will be expected to walk in and show respect to Drayus by bowing. Still bowing we will be announced after that..." Adrian's words stopped as the doors swung inward and he looked out to the Court in its entire splendor. He looked down at Jessica once and saw her take a deep breath. They stiffly strode forth into the Macabre Court.

Jessica couldn't keep her eyes of the outfits all around her. The Court's attire was so very erotic. She watched one woman turn towards her as she walked by. The woman was wearing a cupless corset with a thigh high skirt. Jessica couldn't keep her eyes off of the woman's nipples; they looked delicious. The woman gazed at Jessica pushing herself forward to make her breasts ripple. Jessica's eyes flicked up to meet the woman's and the woman smiled with a cold grin with sharp points.

Her face looks familiar; Jessica thought but was dragged ahead by Adrian tugging on her arm.

She was suddenly standing in front of the Dais, which was deep in shadows and she could see two crimson eyes staring into her own. She couldn't move. She couldn't think. Frozen...

"Bow," Adrian commanded Jessica to her knees as quickly as the lace up dress would allow her to.

A scrawny vampyre to Jessica's left stepped forward.

"Lord Adrian Dragormyn and Jessica Lucan have arrived. Lord Morgarhart... let the questioning begin."

...To Be Continued...