 A/N: I have been writing this story and I have completed it. It is seven parts. I would really appreciate any kind of thoughts/comments of what you think of this story. The sex... in the next three parts... well... I think it is worth the wait. Please let me know if you would like to read them. Thank you so much if you do!

*Silent Writer*

----

Drayus looked upon the bowing Jessica. She was beautiful. Her auburn hair was pulled off of her face and into a cascading bun. The dress he had fashioned for her fit her body perfectly. He could see her breasts move as she trembled with... was that fear? Drayus sniffed the air but did not smell the distinct acrid scent. 

Must be anticipation, Drayus thought as he slowly stood up and stepped into the flickering illumination candlelight.

Jessica felt her muscles begin to give and shake with strain. They had been bowing for over five minutes. She didn't know what the signal was to stand up but she knew her legs were going to give out if she didn't. The beautiful amethyst dress was slicing into her skin...

"Rise my children." A deep voice rolled out of the Dais chilling the air and making the Court become dead silent.

Jessica stood as quickly as she could. She felt the straps fall back into place and she looked into Drayus' eyes. His red burning gaze burned through her body making her alight with the fire she had experienced with Raven. She held Drayus' gaze as he stepped down from the Dais. Jessica stood frozen as he slowly reached up to touch her face. She felt a deep shudder run through her body as his cold fingers dragged themselves across her face and his sharp nails cut into her skin lightly only bringing a few drops of blood to the surface.

"Why am I here," Jessica spoke softly her anger was boiling beneath the surface blocking out the fear with indignation. 

"You are the new Chosen."

"Cho- Chosen?" Jessica's voice shook as her anger began to step back and fear took its place.

Drayus pulled away slightly as the boiling stench of Jessica's fear wafted off of her.

"For thousands of years the Macabre Court has taken slayers away from Keep Ablaze and others..." Jessica's mind started to process as he said her Keep's name.

Keep Ablaze... we have had many more slayers taken than other Keeps. We have thirty-seven taken. Well, thirty-eight if I count myself, Jessica gulped as her throat suddenly became dry. I won't be rescued... Jessica listened to Drayus, the vampyre Sovereign.

"...And brought them here to live with us as friend or foe," Drayus' blazing sanguine eyes captured Jessica's violet tear filled ones. "As friend you must sacrifice your Creed and go through the interrogation. Then you must become a vampyre. As foe we will torture you and gain information from you. And as soon as we have the information we want," Drayus stepped close to Jessica. He looked into her eyes and leaning into her lips. Jessica found herself leaning into him trying to capture that kiss from him. She could feel the icy chill coming from his lips. "We'll kill you."

Shocked, Jessica pulled herself away from him causing her to stumble backwards and into a person. Jessica felt cold hands grip her bare arms; she tore away from the icy hands and stood trying to face Drayus bravely. He walked towards her and the shadows seemed to follow him.

"Now, Chosen. Select which fate you prefer."

Jessica could feel the eyes of the entire Court. She could taste the thick anticipation in the air it was suffocating her. She looked around trying to find an exit, any kind of opening to try and escape from. There was none. Nowhere for her to turn the vampires were all around her. The woman with the cup-less corset was standing to the front and left of her. She was grinning snidely and Jessica recognized whom she was seeing.

 Lucinda. Lucinda Verdaro. She disappeared a hundred years ago. I was told she died...oh my God, Jessica couldn't look at the grinning woman. She knew the woman, the thing, could see the recognition in her eyes. She turned her head and there was Adrian. His sapphire eyes caught hers and they stilled her mind. She licked her lips tasting his kiss... In his eyes she could she the fear for her and something else something that reminded me her of love but from a vampyre?

 "I choose," Jessica took a deep breath, "foe."

Adrian's mouth fell open and he closed it was a click. Foe? How could she chose FOE!? Not one of the slayers that I brought in refused to become one of us. That kiss we shared... I'm drawn to her... I've never kissed them before they changed. She is different, Adrian thought as he watched Drayus turn towards the Court.

 "Macabre Court! You have heard her words. Adrian will take her back into my Dungeon and break her," the Court's disappointment was vocalized but Drayus continued to speak. "Macabre Court! Contain yourselves. You still have the entire night to... play amongst yourselves... Adrian!"

 Adrian looked at Drayus then into Jessica's eyes. He walked towards the frightened slayer and took her arm. Jessica stared up at him with fearful eyes but he did not acknowledge her and pulled her into the Dungeon.

...To Be Continued...