 Thank you, missi3378, for asking for more… I do hope you enjoy…

*Silent Writer*

----

Jessica stumbled after Adrian as he pulled her into a dark hallway. He was painfully squeezing her hand and dragging her along. Jessica tried to fight but was overcome when Adrian turned and grabbed her waist and carried her sideways under his arm as if she was one dead weight and not a human struggling against him. The dress began to cut into her sides and she could feel the skin breaking but still she fought. She fought as he hauled her through a door and she tried in vain to escape him once he placed her on a great cross-shaped like an ‘x'. 

"You should have chosen friend," Jessica could hear the emotions boiling in Adrian voice as it hammered into her skull driving out everything else but him and his words. His mouth was close to her ear as he placed her on her feet and she could feel his breath on her cheek. She leaned back into him for a moment feeling his body behind her and then attacked. Jessica turned fast and hit Adrian across the face with the back of her hand. It made a loud cracking noise but Adrian just bore down upon her and captured her with out much trouble. He strapped her onto the cross and Jessica was left standing spread eagle.

"Three little words and we would have been together. I choose friend. But you did not say those words. Why? Do not tell me you don't feel the draw that we have to each other."

Jessica shuddered at the words knowing them to be true. She could taste him on her lips from the lingering kiss in the hallway still. She wanted him. But, there was the Ablaze Keep and its hold upon her. She knew she would never be able to give it up. She had to find a way out.

"What are you going to do to me?" Jessica mumbled. Her voice was hollow allowing none of her fear and slight hope betray itself in her voice.

"Torture you and find out the information Drayus want," she heard Adrian's voice retreat with the sounds of his steps. She turned her head to keep him in her sites but she could. Suddenly, he was standing before her and roughly jarring her head in effort to place a blind fold around her head.

Adrian grinned cruelly as he made sure Jessica could not see. He passed his hand across her face she didn't flinch. Adrian walked behind the great X and cracked a slap on Jessica's ass. She responded by screaming bloody murder and making the Dungeon echo with her loud cries. The sound made Adrian wince. His vampyre-enhanced ears couldn't handle that type of sound.

"Well, that won't do now will it?" Adrian asked Jessica as he walked over to another room inside of the Dungeon. He slowly picked up a gag that resembled a horse bit. As he turned back around he stood silent as he began to slowly be come more aroused at the sight of the beautiful Jessica. She was lashed to the black x and Adrian could see every curve of her luscious body because of the tight lace up amethyst dress. Walking towards her Adrian slowly unclasped the buckles and watched her shudder each time she heard the raspy metal upon metal sound. As Adrian reached her he undid the last clasp by her ear. He chuckled cruelly and wrapped the bridle around Jessica's head. It slipped on easily enough until Adrian tried to place the bit inside of Jessica's mouth. She spat it back out and closed her mouth. He tried to push his finger into her mouth but she bit down on his finger drawing blood. Adrian cried out in surprise but not in pain. He yanked his finger out and slapped her across the mouth with his other hand. Adrian then opened his mouth wide and sank his fangs into her shoulder. She screamed once again but this time it was cut off when Adrian shoved the bit into her mouth and buckled the last fastener.

Stupid bitch, Adrian thought as he looked down at his mangled finger. It was bruised badly and there were a few places where her teeth had broken the skin. However, after a few seconds Adrian could see the skin knit back together. Ah, the power of being a vampyre. An imperishable body.

Jessica didn't know what Adrian was going to do next. The spot where Adrian's hand connected with her backside was on fire. The thought of Adrian taking her forcefully and with out mercy, scared Jessica. Yet, deep inside of her a flame burned to have the handsome vampire dominate her and make her succumb to him.

"That dress is very unbecoming of you," Adrian's voice floated over to Jessica. She was blind and mute unable to tell where he was in relation to her in the Dungeon. She felt a slight breeze and knew he must have passed by her. Jessica felt the cold touch of a blade kiss her throat. She tried to scream but couldn't make anything more than a few muffled groans with her mouth stuffed with the foul tasting gag. She could feel the press of the blade as it traveled to her dress. It seemed to wait there for a single moment before cutting through her dress. She couldn't wear a bra with the dress and she felt the release as the corset like dress' pressure became less until it was gone from her body. Jessica could feel her sex begin to drip even if her brain didn't want it to. The flame deep inside of her body grew brighter as she imaged what Adrian could do to her body and what she could do to his if she wasn't tied to the x.

Adrian watched the dress flutter to the floor. His gaze was drawn to the high heels Jessica was wearing then to her perfectly formed calves and up to her creamy thigh. However, she was wearing purple satin panties and obstructing his view from Jessica's sex. A growl emerged from his throat as he continued looking upon Jessica. Her breasts were large and were tipped with dusty brown nipples that were hard and waiting to be played with. Finally, Adrian's gaze came to rest upon Jessica's face. Her teeth were clamped around the bit and her cheeks were rosy, and she looked good in the black blindfold Adrian had placed over her eyes.

Adrian stepped forward and ran his finger along the fabric of Jessica's panties carefully delving until he reached her curls then brought his finger out. He watched her breasts heave as she felt his icy finger touch her warm skin. She cried out as he probed to her curls once again. Adrian reached her curls slid past them and drew his hand down lower splaying it and allowed one finger to tease its way around Jessica's folds and run itself from bottom to top till he reached her clit and pressed upon it. This drew soft mewing sounds from Jessica's bound mouth. Adrian smiled slightly softening his features as he watched Jessica respond to the feather light touches he placed upon her sex.

Abruptly Adrian removed his hand from Jessica's panties and walked around back where the toys were. He picked up a thin cane and cracked it against his own thigh. It stung against his clothed leg it will smart on Jessica's bare skin, Adrian grinned, and maybe it will draw blood. 

…To Be Continued…