 Jessica stood in a panic.

Where is he!? What is he doing? Oh my god I can't believe he touched... touched me! Jessica's body twitched involuntarily. Remembering the touch of the frigid fingers on her sex, drowning out all thoughts and reasons. She just wanted to bask with those fingers inside of her pumping in and out harder and... Jessica's mind froze as she heard a dull snap. What the fuck was that? He better not even think of using that on MY body... Then Jessica began to rock. She couldn't open her mouth enough to laugh. But her body shook with the suppressed hysterical laughter try to pour out of her body. What the hell do I think I am going to be able to do? Stop him? Jessica pulled at the shackle holding her right arm. It moved and rotated with an ugly cling and clatter. Metal lined with leather. Nope. Not getting out of these by myself. Jessica felt another bubbling of laughter trying to break out. She suppressed it and waited for Adrian to return. 

Adrian cracked the cane on his thigh again. Loving the pain the thin, hollow stick produced. He opened his eyes slowly and looked around for something else to use of Jessica's body. 

I'll need this dildo, Adrian thought as he grabbed a thick, black silicone penis. It was not smooth; instead it had prominent veins, a large mushroom head and small, dull spikes coming out of it. Adrian ran his hand over it. Not as good as mine.

Adrian went into a backroom to pick out one more toy for Jessica to enjoy. He looked around the room gazing at the cruelly tipped whips and the spiked cock sheaths and the knives. The knives, Adrian remember with a shudder the knives that slipped through skin easily and brought great pain to the one who was being cut.

Adrian turned unable to choose another toy. He walked out and slowed as he up to the side of Jessica dropping the silicone cock on the table. 

"Did you miss me?" Adrian whispered over Jessica's mouth. He quickly unclasped the bit and freed Jessica's mouth from its restraint. Adrian captured Jessica's mouth with his own, not giving her time to react. He forced his tongue into her mouth exploring with a hunger he didn't realize he had. He was slightly surprised when Jessica kissed him back. Their tongues danced and he lost himself in the fire of her tongue and lips. He nibbled on her bottom lip softly then returned to her mouth and expertly kissed her once more before pulling away and placing the bit into her mouth once again. A frustrated growl emitted through the rubber bit but Adrian ignored it.

Stepping back, Adrian felt the cane in his hand and slashed it down across Jessica's thighs. Adrian watched as Jessica jerked against the restraints and grew more aroused. Adrian looked at the red mark the cane left on Jessica's porcelain skin. He wanted more.

"Did you like that mon petite beauté," Adrian lovingly brought the cane across Jessica's legs and stomach. He could see her quiver as he draped the cane over her skin. He snapped it three times in a quick succession hitting both of her breasts and her left thigh. Adrian heard the intake of breath after the burning sensation seeped into Jessica's flesh.

"Mon petite beauté," Adrian whispered as he drew near to her. "Questions need to be answered. But, first... I think I shall have some more fun."

More fun? Jessica thought. What does he want with me? I know nothing of Ablaze Keep. They told me nothing. What does he think I know? 

Jessica shifted her hips trying to find a more comfortable position. She sighed or as much as she could with the rubber bit in her mouth knowing it was a fruitless try. 

Adrian's lips were suddenly on her neck their freezing kiss and touch. She sighed as he nibbled and teased. She felt one of his cold hand wrapped itself around her breast and touched her nipple. Her sex became wet and as Adrian tweaked her nipple and pinching it hard. She tried to gasp when she felt his fangs break the skin of her neck but she could not. She felt the rapture as Adrian began sucking the blood from her body. Adrian hand suddenly left her breast leaving it cold to the air and slipped his hand down to her hip and then he tore the satin panties off of her body. Adrian's mouth left Jessica's neck and moved down to her nipples licking and sucking them. Playing with them and biting her nipples until Jessica was squirming and trying to escape his mouth. 

Once again, Adrian moved down her body and she twitched as she felt a cold, wet tongue in her navel and she felt it drag itself down until it reached the opening of her sex. Jessica moaned through the bit as Adrian's tongue wedged itself inside of her folds and sucked on her clit. Her body trembled and she could feel her climax crawling up on her and she let it crash over her as Adrian's talented tongue flicked itself over her clit and his teeth caught it and nibbled it bringing her to a higher lever of pleasure.

And for my next trick... Adrian thought as he slid a finger into Jessica's hot sex while continuing to nibble on Jessica's clit. After he worked her using the come hither motion hitting her sweet spot. He pushed another finger into Jessica's slick hole as he felt her squirm again against his face. Adrian straightened his body and trailed his tongue up, delving quickly into her navel and then up between her breasts while continuing up and licking the hollow of Jessica's throat. He could smell her warmth and arousal. He could feel her pulse, burning underneath his tongue begging to for release. Adrian nipped at Jessica drawing blood easily with his fangs. He used his teeth and unclasped and removed the bit. As Adrian pressed his mouth against Jessica's he increased his pressure with his fingers and brushed his thumb against her clit. She gasped and welcomed his mouth against her own Adrian mentally smiled as he felt her hot little tongue intertwining with his own. He felt her climax building and he felt her muscles begin to twitch and contract around his wriggling fingers. Jessica's mouth tore away from his own and she let out a loud grunt as she came over Adrian's fingers. After letting her come down from her orgasm Adrian removed his fingers and placed them inside of Jessica's mouth. She suckled them and licked her own juices off of his fingers and made his cock harder. He could image those soft lips around... Adrian shook his head and pulled his fingers out of Jessica's moist mouth.

Adrian dropped the thin, hollow cane and slipped out his clothes and stood in his nude glory. Then he picked up his bullwhip. 

...To Be Continued...