 "Oh my god that was…" Jessica's words faultered and she let out a little contented sigh because of the orgasm and her mouth finally being free… Well if her mouth was free she might as well use it. Yeah, Jessica thought once her heartbeat became normal. I know ways I could use it that would leave his heads spinning. Jessica licked her lips and the corners of her mouth twisted up.

"Adrian?" Jessica murmured still unable to see him.

"Mmm?" Was the only reply she gained. Jessica felt a click ripple through the cross. What the fuck was—

Jessica's head cracked against the cross as she was turned horizontal. Her stomach flip-flopped to her toes and she became light-headed. 

"How was that, mon petite beauté?" Adrian whispered across her ear and licked and tickled the lobe. She turned her head as far as she could and caught his lips before he could move. Jessica kissed him and teased his tongue with her own. Slowly, she tempted Adrian's tongue from his mouth into hers. Once he was there she quickly suckled it into her own mouth. Adrian pulled away quickly and Jessica wished she could see his expression. Does he like it? Does he understand? Thoughts chased themselves around her mind. She could have been waiting five minutes or one second she couldn't tell. She felt a light touch on her mouth. She opened her lips slightly and she could tell that it was Adrian's cock that was making its way into her mouth. She started to suck on it and lick it. She heard his groan when she ran her tongue underneath the shaft and bringing it to the head and sucking on it slowly. She could taste his essence as she continued sucking, licking, and teasing. She felt him grab her hair and it fueled her on to suck at his cock with more pleasure. Jessica felt her sex dampen once again and now it longed to be filled like her mouth. Adrian grabbed her head with both of his hands making her take his entire cock into her mouth. Jessica sucked at it trying to make Adrian feel the same pleasure he gave her. 

"Jessica…" Adrian left the word hanging as he shoved himself deep into her mouth releasing himself inside of her mouth and he relished the feeling as she swallowed every last drop. Even catching the small dribble when he pulled himself away from her. 

"Adrian."

Adrian looked down at Jessica. She uselessly tried to move her right hand but dropped it back down once the chain length was stretched as it could be. He turned his head and looked at the bullwhip on the floor. A smile crept upon his face.

"Jessica… who are les cavaliers d'ébène? Who are the Riders of Ebony?" Adrian's voice drifted through the air. He could see Jessica's body stiffen. Adrian waited for a response… anything. Jessica did nothing and stayed silent. Adrian smirked and leaned down to pick up the bullwhip. He cracked it against the floor and listened to Jessica's shrill scream. He curled his lip up and cracked the whip across her hip. It immediately drew blood and Jessica's scream lasted a little bit longer.

"No noise!" Adrian yelled and dropped the bullwhip across her stomach drawing another line of blood on Jessica's skin. Adrian watched her bit her lip and moan in effort to keep her noise level down.

"Who are les cavaliers d'ébène? Who are they?" Adrian repeated his question. He lost patience and snapped his whip over her body in three quick twists of his wrist. Cutting into her breasts just over her nipples and across her hip and thigh. 

"I," Jessica gulped as tears ran down her face. " I don't know." She cried out as Adrian whipped her again.

Adrian continued to ask Jessica who the Riders of Ebony were. After each of her I don't knows he lashed her harder with his bullwhip. After continuing whipping Adrian was satisfied that she knew nothing of the Riders.

Pain was coursing through Jessica's entire being and yet, deeper than the pain was the pleasure. Shudders rippled through her body and more tears squeezed themselves from under her closed lids. Light suddenly attacked her eyelids. He had removed the blind fold. Jessica looked up at Adrian. 

I don't know anything. It was the only thing she could think of. The only thing thrumming through her entire system. 

"I believe you, Jessica." 

Her eyes widened and she watched Adrian turn. He was hairless and beautiful with a cute little bottom that made her want to pinch it. Slowly, Adrian moved to between her legs. It was harder to see him as he knelt down in front of her. Jessica gasped as he spread her nether lips apart with careful and cold fingers. She groaned as a finger slide into Jessica's sex and she moaned as Adrian asked her to come-hither.

"Adrian… please," Jessica begged as he began to tease her once again with his tongue and fingers. She moaned again and Adrian removed his fingers and replaced them with his tongue. Pointing it and pushing it in and out of her hole. Jessica made a little noise and Adrian moved so his cock head was gently brushing the entrance of her sex. Jessica looked into his eyes.

"Please…" Jessica mumbled and tried to wriggle her hips and gain a small inch but she couldn't do more than more it in an out a fraction of a centimeter frustrating herself even more.

I think she wants… Adrian plunged himself deep into Jessica with one stroke. He buried himself to the hilt as Jessica cried out. He looked at Jessica and her eyes were closed and a small line of discontentment creased her forehead then she wiggled her hips. Adrian grinned knowing what she wanted. He pulled himself out allowing the head to stay inside of her. Jessica opened her eyes and looked at him. He gave her a lop-sided grin and took her again in one stroke. He pushed his hips against Jessica and ground his pelvic bone into hers joining their bodies closer. Adrian slowly built up a rhythm with Jessica bucking underneath him. Adrian leaned over her body and his long silver-blonde braid slipped onto her skin and mingled with her blood as Adrian kissed her nipples and pulled them with his teeth. 

"Oh don't stop," Jessica whispered to him as he felt the walls of her sex clamp down upon his cock. Adrian kept pumping in and out of her increasing his speed as he leaned over her and cradled his face in her neck. His canines elongated and he sank his fangs into her as Jessica screamed her orgasm.

"Adrian…" a last breath escaped Jessica's lips as she spoke his name. Adrian pulled away from Jessica's neck in time to see her eyes. To see the light fade from them as he spilt his essence into her body.

Adrian looked down at Jessica. He looked down at what was left of her. A single tear slipped down his cheek and followed the curve of his jaw line.

"Drayus… it is done." 

"So it is, my child, so it is," Drayus stepped out of the shadows and glided up next to Adrian. "You did well. Too bad we didn't find more out about the les cavaliers d'ébène."

"But, Sire," Adrian turned his head and looked Drayus in the eye. Meeting a crimson gaze with his own black one. "There is always next time."

…Alas, my aroused friends that is another tale from the Macabre Court…