 It's nearing the end of winter and the weather is getting warmer. Jessie isn't sure what to think about that. On the one hand she loves the warmer weather and green grass and everything else about the spring. On the other hand that means she's going to have to start shaving her legs again which she hates. She wants to wear her cute new skirt to school tomorrow though so she's going to have to suck it up and shave tomorrow morning when she showers.

She should probably do some landscaping too while she's at it. She hasn't touched a razor in about 3 months and her bush is starting to grow wild. She doesn't actually plan on letting see it anytime soon but she might as well start getting bikini safe. Her friend usually has a pool party around this time and she might as well shave everything at once rather than spread it out. She sets her alarm to wake her up a little earlier than usual so she'll have time to shave in the morning then goes to bed.

Jessie gets a good night's sleep full of pleasant, but odd, dreams. She wakes up refreshed and a little horny. She decides to just play with herself in the shower before shaving to take care of that. She walks down the hall to the bathroom and turns on the water to heat up while she pulls her razor and shaving cream from the medicine cabinet.

As the water heats up and the bathroom starts to fill with steam Jessie pulls off her top and looks in the mirror. She's a little disappointed in her small B-cup breasts but has long since accepted that they aren't going to grow anytime soon. Stupid genetics she thought Melissa is 3 years younger than me and she gets double D's while I'm stuck with B's. Why'd she inherit mom's tits while I got dad's?

Jessie hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her sweatpants and tugged them down...to reveal her perfectly shaved legs and vag. Jessie did a double take...then wiped the steam off the mirror and looked again...then had to rub her hands all up and down her legs and crotch before she finally started to believe what she was seeing. Her legs really were completely smooth, no stubble, no razor bumps, nothing.

What the fuck? Am I going crazy or something? My legs were definitely a hairy mess last night. Weren't they? And my bush...I've never shaved it completely in my whole life, only trimmed it. what the Hell is going on? All these thoughts chased each other around in Jessie's head as she stared at her reflection in the rapidly fogging mirror. Then she had one more thought...but damn it looks good like this. Might as well keep it smooth for a while.

Jessie carefully looked over the rest of her body looking for anything else different. She found her armpits silky smooth just like her legs but nothing else. As far as she could tell she was completely normal except for all her missing hair. 

But why was her hair missing? Not all of her hair was missing, only in the places where she didn't really want hair anyway. Could it be some sort of disease? No she felt fine; anything that would make her hair fall out would probably make her feel horrible first. Maybe something she ate; weird pesticides or something? No, that doesn't make sense either; if that was it she'd be bald. What could it be?

Jessie was confused and more than a little bit scared as she stepped into her warm shower. This weird situation was more than enough to distract her from her earlier horniness. She was just glad when her hair didn't start falling out in clumps when it got wet.

Once Jessie gets all squeaky clean she gets out of the shower and towels off. She looks in the mirror again half expecting something else to be different. She wraps herself in the towel and hurries back to her room.

As soon as she get in her room and closes the door she hears her phone chirp from receiving a text. Still wrapped in a towel she checks it hoping her class has been canceled or something. Instead she sees that it's from an unknown number...

Unknown: "Hey there sexy legs."

Jessie: "Who is this?"

Unknown: "We'll get to that later. 4 now just call me God. Coz that's what I am 2 you"

Jessie: "LOL fat chance of that happening creep."

Unknown: "Well that was rude. And after I gave you such a nice gift"

Jessie: "???what r u talking about?"

Unknown: "UR legs of course. I'm sure you noticed by now. And of course your now-bald cunt ;)"

Jessie: "OMG you creep!!! WHAT DID U DO TO ME?"

Unknown: "Do you like it? How about showing me? I'd love to see my work. If you're good maybe I'll do more for you..."

Jessie: "NO I WILL NOT FUCKING SHOW YOU!!!LEAVE ME ALONE!!!"

Unknown: "OK sweetie you're shy I understand. How about just a picture of your sexy smooth legs then?"

Jessie: "NO"

Unknown: "OK make you a deal sweetie show me your legs and I'll leave you alone for a while"

Jessie knew it was a terrible deal but somehow that thought got pushed to the back of her mind and instead found herself agreeing to his terms automatically. She used her phone to snap a quick picture of herself in the mirror wrapped in a towel with her long sexy legs exposed and sent it to her unknown caller

Jessie: "Happy now?"

Unknown: "For now sweetie. I'll talk to you again after my next gift..."

What the Fuck? What was that all about? Who the Hell was that freak? And how did he...FUCK!! She almost yelled aloud when she saw her alarm clock out of the corner of her eye. She was running late. She'd even woken up half an hour early this morning but apparently between her staring contest with her mirror and her weird little text conversation she'd wasted so much time that now she was running late.

Jessie quickly threw on some clothes, including her cute new skirt that she'd wanted to shave her legs for in the first place. Then she ran downstairs, yelled bye to her mom on her way out, and rushed to her car. By the time she got to campus 15 minutes later she had calmed down enough that she thought she was thinking rationally or semi-rationally anyway.

The only possible explanation she could come up with was that this creep must have broken into her room and shaved her in her sleep. It was the only explanation, right? As terrifying as it was it made sense, more sense than thinking her really had powers anyway. Once she came to that conclusion she spent the rest of her drive berating herself for sending him a picture. It was a stupid thing to do after all. She hadn't even really thought about it, just done it. She'll have to be a lot more careful from now on...and start locking her bedroom door and window.

She finally gets to campus and rushes to her classroom to start her first class. It was undoubtedly the most boring subject she'd ever taken and probably the worst teacher as well. 5 minutes into the lecture her mind was already wondering. The suddenly her phone chirped again.

The noise startled her out of her reverie and she quickly silenced her phone. Only then did she look to see who texted her. It was the creep again.

Unknown: "You hate Molly Smith right?"

Jessie: "WTF you said you would stop texting me"

Unknown: "I said I'd stop til your next gift..."

Jessie: "What R U talking about?"

Unknown: "Just watch Molly and enjoy"

Jessie: "???"

Jessie started watching Molly; and noticed that she was starting to squirm in her seat. It kinda looked like Molly really had to pee but couldn't get up to go. Jessie hadn't seen anyone looking like that since middle school when people stopped asking to go to the bathroom. But that couldn't possibly be it. Most of the class didn't bother showing up to class anyway and no one would care if she walked out to pee. And it's not like Molly was some super devoted student either. 

Maybe she has a wedgie or something...or maybe this freak has gotten in my head and I'm just reading into it when there's nothing going on at all. Damn it this freak has gotten inside my head. I actually believed he really could do something for a second. Get ahold of yourself Jessie.

But as she watched Molly really did seem to be acting strange. She was squirming more and more and Jessie even thought she heard Molly whimper a little. She seemed to be acting really desperate.

Then suddenly Molly started shaking as if she were sobbing even though Jessie couldn't hear her and Jessie noticed a thin trickle dripping from her chair. Molly sat for a few more seconds before her composure broke and she ran out of the classroom sobbing loudly and dripping piss the whole way.

Jessie along with the rest of the class were laughing hysterically as soon as they realized what was going on. Molly was not well liked by any means and she'd never missed an opportunity to mock or humiliate them so they didn't hold back now. Only Jessie knew what had really happened. That little demonstration made her reconsider her creeper's story. She wasn't fully convinced yet but she was willing to hear him out now.

Jessie: "OMG how the fuck did you do that???"

Unknown: "Simple. I have powers. And if you do as I say I'll use them to help you."

Jessie: "Like how?"

Unknown: "Well take your legs for example. You'll never have to shave them again. I can do almost anything I want."

Jessie: "I don't believe you. Prove it"

Unknown: "I just made Molly piss her pants in front of a roomful of people"

Jessie: "So? Do something else."

Unknown: "Fine..."

Jessie sat there waiting for something else to happen. If this creep could shave her and make Molly piss herself, she was sure he could do something else to prove he really had powers. She fully expected him to do something spectacular. Maybe he'll do something to the teacher next...something that'll actually make him interesting. But all that happened over the next few minutes was that the class calmed down from laughing at Molly and the teacher resumed his boring lesson. After about 10 minutes most of the class was daydreaming again and Jessie was disappointed in the complete lack of cool stuff happening.

Jessie: "Well? I'm waiting..."

Unknown: "Go to the bathroom and you'll see."

Jessie: "Why what did you do?!?!?!"

Jessie goes from disappointed to terrified in a heartbeat. What did he do to her? She looked down at herself but couldn't see anything obviously wrong yet. But she couldn't really make a full inspection while sitting at her desk.

Unknown: "Just trust me ok? Go to the bathroom, in the handicap stall with its own sink and mirror then lift the back of your shirt." 

Jessie: "WHAT?!?!? No fucking way!!!"

Unknown: "Then I guess you won't get your gift..."

She didn't know why but suddenly found the thought of not seeing what he'd done unbearable. It was something more than just thinking he'd done something to her that she needed to know about but she wasn't sure what. A few minutes ago she'd wanted nothing more than for this creep to never text her again but now she was practically jumping through hoops for him.

Jessie: "OK fine I'll go. Hang on"

Jessie grabbed her bag and got up to leave class early. No one batted an eye as she did so. This class was so boring half of the class left early most days. As soon as she stepped out into the hall her phone vibrated again.

Unknown: "Oh and send me a picture of it"

Jessie didn't know how to respond to that so she didn't respond at all. She practically ran to the bathroom and hurried into the handicap stall. Then she hesitated, she was scared to see what he might have done to her. She faced the mirror searching her face for anything wrong. There was nothing. But then again he'd told her where to look. She turned around so her back was to the mirror, took a deep breath, and lifted the back of her shirt.

She had to stifle a scream as she saw what he'd done. She now had the words "Cum Dumpster" tattooed across the top of her ass. She rubbed at it vigorously hoping it would just rub off. No such luck. It was a real tattoo.

Jessie: "WTF DID U DO TO ME?!?!?!??"

Unknown: "What's wrong? Don't like it?"

Jessie: "NO I DON'T!! I'M NOT A FUCKING CUM DUMPSTER!!! GET RID OF IT!!!! MY MOM WILL KILL ME IF SHE SEES!!!!"

Unknown: "Hmm that could be a problem...I guess next time you shouldn't question me when I tell you something now should you?"

Jessie: "Fine I believe you. You have powers. Now will you please get rid of this before I have to go home???"

Unknown: "No little girl you're going to keep that there for at least a few days as punishment. But don't worry about your mom I'll deal with her."

Jessie: "Wait what are you going to do to her?"

Unknown: "Nothing too bad...you'll see..."

Jessie realized she wasn't going to get any more answers from him and decided to just drop that line of questioning. She'd find out pretty soon anyway and it's not like she could just not go home again.

Unknown: "Oh and I'm still waiting for that picture. Be sure to smile."

Jessie really didn't want to send this guy another picture. Things were getting way too weird way too fast and she just wanted to ignore this guy and never have any contact with him again. But she knew that was a bad idea. He could give her a tattoo without ever getting near her just to prove he could. What might he do to her if she decided to ignore him? She might just wake up tomorrow as a hideous troll or something.

She really didn't have much choice. Holding up the back of her shirt Jessie snapped a quick picture of her new tramp stamp making sure her face did not show. After all who knows what he'd do with the picture. She didn't want her face in it. Then she sent him the picture.

Unknown: "Jessie I told you to smile. It should have been clear I wanted to see your face in the picture. Try again."

Jessie pouted about that for a second but ultimately she didn't really have a choice anymore. So instead of complaining she put on her best fake smile and snapped a new picture to send to him.

Unknown: "Much better Jessie. Bye for now"

Jessie returned to class confused and frightened about what she was getting herself into. Once class was finally over she bolted back to her car having decided to skip the rest of her classes. But then as she started her car Jessie realized that the creep might not have done his magic stuff to distract her mom yet. Could she just hide the tattoo? No better play it safe and let him know she was heading home so he could do...whatever it was he was going to do...to her mom.

Jessie: "Hey um, I'm going home now and my mom is there. Did you do your stuff yet? Am I going to get in trouble?"

Unknown: "Jessie you're going to need to start trusting me. Yes you'll get into some trouble from this but not from your mom. She has bigger things to worry about."

Still afraid of what would happen but knowing better than to try asking him again, Jessie started her car and drove home.

End of Part 1 