 Darkness spread across land and sea, turning the slow moving waters around the approaching island from blue to black as the last vestiges of sunlight hid behind threatening storm clouds. Autumn glanced up at those clouds with a frown. Her eyes stared ahead, deep brown like molasses and filled with determination. Slender but athletic muscles flexed as the pirate drove her oaken oars into the water. Each push sent Autumn's little rowboat gliding further away from the black masts of her looming galleon and closer to a new adventure, her long mahogany hair billowing about her caramel shoulders in the wind.

Ever the trickster, Autumn slipped away from the rest of her pirate crew. The crew drank, sang, and danced away the night in merriment, oblivious to the missing rowboat and its stealthy occupant. They could have all the rum they wanted, Autumn thought, a mischievous smirk curling at the corner of her mouth as she entered the mouth of the island cave. The treasure on this island promised to be quite a loot, especially if the pretty little elf that Autumn plied the information from was worth her salt. Those riches would be all her's, and she did not intend to share a single piece.

Of course, there would be nothing for Autumn to hoard until she found the treasure, and she knew that would be no easy task. This was an uncharted island, after all. None had seen or heard of the treasure for hundreds of years. Even worse, all Autumn had to help her find it was a dusty old map, her wits, and the trusty revolver at her waist. Any number of traps, pitfalls, or even monsters might await the pirate to ruin her quest, but that was exactly what made it so exciting. Exploring the unknown, living free, and taking what you want, it's what the life of a pirate was all about.

Once inside, thoughts of treasure swirled in Autumn's mind, her boat slowly gliding through the dark waters of the cavern lagoon. All was quiet inside the cave but for the soft patter of the rain outside. The darkness was so thick, Autumn could hardly see her own hands. The pirate quickly lit a torch, holding it aloft to better see her way. The golden light of the flame stretched out within the cavern, dancing along the ebony rock walls and the shimmering surface of the deep blue lagoon. Even without the help of her map, Autumn could tell that this was the right place. It had to be. There was just something about this cavern that screamed treasure.

Then suddenly, Autumn heard something. The pirate bolted upright in surprise. She rested a hand upon her trusty revolver, straining her ears to hear what new danger might lay ahead. It was a faint feminine voice, far off in the distance. The woman was singing, Autumn could tell, but her voice was so soft, the pirate could hardly make out the words. One thing was for sure, there was definitely something oddly alluring about that song. It was as if the mysterious woman was reaching out to the pirate, calling to her, and pulling her along with a soft silky thread.

Autumn had only but a small taste of the music, but she already knew she wanted to follow that trail. Each word became more intoxicating than the last, making it so tantalizing for Autumn to be this close to her destination and yet still so far. Somewhere in the back of Autumn's mind, she knew she should be concerned, alarmed even at the revelation that she was no longer alone in this cavern. No one was supposed to know about this place but her. It was uncharted, supposedly abandoned for years. Any good pirate knew that only the rarest of treasure was worth searching for. How else would it remain ripe for the picking after so many years?

Yet, this strange woman's soprano notes told a different story. There was something wrong about how right that song made Autumn feel. She knew in her gut that she should turn around, run even, but her heart didn't care what she thought. It sang with joy each time the pirate paddled herself closer to the beautiful singer. Autumn was enchanted, spiraling into a fantasy quest with nary a thought for her own safety as she turned left at a fork in the cave to follow that beautiful song. The pirate couldn't think of anything else now, not what she would do to that pretty little elf if this was a trap. Not even her dusty old map as it lay upon her lap, vainly pointing in the opposite direction.

The voice reached out to Autumn, soothing the intrepid pirate's nerves. It was soft and relaxing at first, coaxing the pirate deep within the mysterious lair, guiding her through a maze of so many twists and turns that Autumn no longer had any idea where she'd gone. Or how to get back. Autumn didn't care. All of Autumn's thoughts centered on the serene beauty of this lovely woman's voice, and how lovely the singer must be. Surely, at least as lovely as the song itself, and that was out of this world! The pirate in Autumn screamed with joy. She had to see this woman, to have her this very instant, even if it was the last thing she did.

Each powerful thrust of an oar sent Autumn hurtling closer to the woman behind that beautiful voice, closer to happiness, closer to ecstasy. The pirate could feel the words of the enchanting song feasting upon her desire, molding it, stoking it, and making her yearn for more. She was pulled along a roller coaster ride of musical bliss through this strange maze of twisty passages. Autumn's anticipation rose when the music grew stronger. The very notes of the song seemed to come alive, sucking in the energy of the enthralled to fuel their quickly rising crescendo. The song was quite a thing to behold even by itself. No flowery tale could do this song justice. It sounded like something mythic bards and angels might sing to please the gods and goddesses. It was rich with flavor, wonderful for its complexity, yet beautiful for its simplicity at the same time.

When Autumn finally came upon the final turn, she couldn't believe what she saw. A beautiful mermaid with long, flowing locks of platinum hair sat like royalty upon an outcropping of glimmering shale rocks across the moonlit atrium at the center of the cavern. Autumn's heart raced with excitement. So many joyous feelings swirled through her chest that she couldn't help but smile. It was all the pirate could do to keep herself from jumping straight into the water to reach her quarry.

The mermaid was the picture of beauty, singing this wondrous song atop her perch. Her upper body was soft, slightly pale like vanilla cream, perfectly blending with her platinum blonde hair that flowed upon her shoulders and back. While the mermaid's upper form was slender, her majestic fish tail was powerful, strong enough to send her rocketing through the sea, yet still curvy enough to be elegant and sexy. Her scales were deep blue like sapphires shimmering in the moonlight, whether it be on her long and curvy lower form, the little fins poking from within her hair near her ears, or the iridescent anchor shaped tip to her tail, swaying back and forth within the water. This mermaid may not have been the treasure Autumn was searching for, but she was certainly a jewel of the sea all the same.

She gazed upon the intruder to her lair with her serene blue eyes just as she reached the climax of her sweet song. It filled the whole cavern now, echoing upon the ebony rocks like an orchestra of one. The melody plucked at Autumn's heartstrings with words like only a virtuoso could. It sent her mind soaring into clouds of fantasy and her body spiraling into raging hellfires of lust. Autumn tore off her clothes like they burned, letting out a lusty growl that would make even a succubus blush. She tugged at her boots, nearly flipping them off the side of the rowboat in her haste to pull off her tunic at the same time. Mahogany hair whipped wildly over Autumn's tanned shoulders, and once she'd finally rid herself of her soaked pants and undergarments, she stared out lasciviously at the object of her desire.

Without even stopping to think of what she was doing, Autumn arched and dove right into the pool of water after her newfound treasure. Her body, usually nimble from a life at sea, struggled to move forward through the water. Her limbs were weak with lust and felt like jelly, but the pirate pressed on anyway. She had come too far to lose her treasure now. Luckily, the mermaid dove into the water as well, gliding effortlessly beneath it to meet the pirate far less than halfway.

The mermaid grasped Autumn's body firmly when they met, pulling her close with surprisingly strong arms. The two women pressed their breasts together in a tight embrace, bodies grinding soft and slick with water that seemed to glisten in the moonlight, the mermaid's strength drawing a raspy moan from Autumn's quivering lips.

"Who are you...?" Autumn asked, gasping in bewilderment and desire at the sight of the smiling siren floating in front of her in the moonlit cave. Her body arched and she wrapped her legs around the mermaid's powerful tail, toes curling with the feel of its form slithering along her inner thigh and down all the way to her feet, teasing her with every touch.

"I could ask you the same thing, adventurer," the mermaid replied with a giggle. She hoisted Autumn up upon her tail, making the pirate straddle and grind against it, drawing yet more moans from the lustful woman's lips while showing her just who was in control of whom.

"You may call me Kaia, if you wish. I wonder... who might this pretty little wanderer be, come barging into my home like she owns the place?" Kaia asked in bemusement, stroking two fingers through Autumn's wavy hair. She leaned close to place a tantalizing kiss upon Autumn's neck, lightly tickling the pirate's soft flesh with the tip of her tongue.

"Autumn," the pirate managed to stammer in reply, her body quaking with excitement. She leaned her head back, mahogany hair flowing down her shoulders to expose more of her flesh to the mermaid's wonderful little kisses. Autumn was on the precipice of ecstasy even now, only able to contain her desire because Kaia held her in place.

"It's not like you had a sign on the place," Autumn started to protest but stopped short when Kaia placed a finger to her lips, instead sucking on the tip of it hungrily.

"Shush my seasonal named little vixen. You know it is very rude to break into people's homes? Ha, look at how cute you are... let me show you what happens to pretty little adventurers who fall into my clutches," Kaia chided, staring at Autumn with her deep blue gaze just as one of her hands slid down the pirate's athletic form to cup her quivering womanhood.

"I'll give you a hint..." the mermaid teased with a sultry grin, trailing kisses up Autumn's neck to her jaw and cheek, leaning forward until her soft pink lips hovered just centimeters away from Autumn's mouth. The pirate looked back at her in awe.

"It involves explosions right between those sexy legs of your's," Kaia growled, then ensnared Autumn's suddenly squeaky gasp with a kiss.

Autumn moaned in delight, and would have said that it was not exactly a deterrent if she had the ability to. Her heart thudded in her chest when she finally tasted of the delicacy she chased through this strange labyrinthine cavern... or was it Kaia who sought after her? Either way, the answer was the furthest thing from the tan skinned explorer's mind.

The kiss was mind blowing, like nothing Autumn felt in her entire life. Kaia sucked passionately at Autumn's lips, her tongue delving dominantly within the pirate's mouth to tease and excite her ever more with its warm and slippery touch. The embrace sent sparks crackling through Autumn's limbs, throwing her thighs wide and closing them again with desire raging like wildfire in her core. The blonde's power and beauty mesmerized Autumn just like the siren song that lured her into the mermaid's grasp. Back arched and wantonly grinding her womanhood against Kaia's slick and shiny scales, it was all Autumn could do to desperately cling to her captor as the mermaid slowly pulled her down under the water and further into her domain.

Once underwater, Autumn suddenly pulled back from the kiss, looking surprised. She struggled at first, bringing her hands to her mouth to try to hold her breath until realizing that she could somehow still breathe and see without any problem. Not sure what to make of it, the pirate stared at Kaia questioningly.

*I have temporarily given you the ability to survive underwater,* Kaia replied soothingly with a sweet smile. Her lips didn't move, but the words were crystal clear in Autumn's mind.

When Autumn still looked confused, Kaia smiled, sliding her body around behind the pirate with a giggle. The pair floated together beneath the surface of the water, their long hair pooling out and floating about their heads. The mermaid wrapped her arms around Autumn to keep the woman from sinking or struggling. Her hands brushed over the soft contours of the explorer's body, stroking circles along Autumn's belly before gently grasping a breast with each hand. Autumn quickly arched in response to Kaia's teasing fingers rolling along her stiff nipples, muffling a lusty moan into the water and tossing her head back against the mermaid's shoulder. Her knees pressed together, and her rear thrust backward against Kaia's hips, rocking side to side from the soaring pleasure in her core.

*It won't last forever, so let's not waste it!* Kaia suddenly exclaimed, choosing that very moment to drive two of her fingers into Autumn's womanhood, curling and wiggling them all the way up close to her knuckles within Autumn's slick petals. Autumn let out a gurgled howl of ecstasy, clenching her thighs around Kaia's hand. Then just as soon as Kaia had driven her fingers into Autumn's quivering womanhood, the mermaid suddenly rocketed forward through the water.

Autumn squeaked in surprise, water rushing around her face and into her womanhood with each pumping thrust of Kaia's fingers. The explorer felt such a high that she couldn't believe her eyes. As Kaia plowed her forward through the sea, it was like an underwater roller coaster, only one thousand times better. There were dolphins, fish, and creatures of all shapes and colors. They were swimming and playing all around them. A coral reef with an ancient wrecked ship loomed beneath them, and the shimmering surface of the water lay above. It was unbelievable.

Most of all, Autumn was astonished at how feisty this mermaid was! Kaia wasn't just fingering her; the mermaid was pounding Autumn's butt with humps each time her tail swiftly drove them forward. Her swimming motion just made it natural. Kaia kept wiggling and humping Autumn's behind as they torpedoed ahead. She stroked her thumb firmly against Autumn's throbbing clit while she humped behind her, and the caramel skinned woman writhed in pleasure, legs spasming wildly. Autumn gurgled out a cry of ecstasy, her juices immediately gushing into the sea. She was powerless to do anything else, so she just arched back and went along for the amazing ride.

Eventually, Kaia swam the pair back up to the surface of the water. They were out at sea now, and the storm clouds had dissipated, leaving a clear night sky and a bright full moon. Autumn gasped, brown eyes wide in amazement when they broke the surface, trying to catch her breath as Kaia floated beneath her like a raft.

"Now you return the favor," Kaia said with a giggle. She tickled Autumn's engorged clit with her fingertip to emphasize the point and kissed at the explorer's neck beneath the wet layers of her hair.

Autumn's body writhed and bucked back against Kaia in response to the teasing, but she managed to roll over, curling up on top of the floating mermaid. She looked up at the smiling blonde mermaid in awe but also with a hint of mischief in her gleaming eyes. The pirate slowly scooted her way down Kaia's slick form. She then immediately kissed one of Kaia's glistening white breasts, drawing a squeak from the mermaid when she encased her pink nipple with the warm wetness of her lips. Autumn sucked on Kaia's nipple, rolling her tongue beneath it and took the mermaid's other breast in one of her hands. She squeezed and stroked it all over while wrapping her other arm around Kaia to firmly grasp her scaly butt.

The caramel skinned pirate pulled Kaia's nipple gently with her teeth, wiggled it around in circles, lapped the length of her tongue under it, then sucked on it some more, making the mermaid flick her tail fin on the surface of the water. Kaia's moans were soft and fluttery like she was singing another song. Her body squirmed, and she gently pushed Autumn's head down further toward her mermaid hips. At first, Autumn looked unsure of what to do, but then Kaia reached down and parted a few deep blue scales over her lap to reveal a womanhood of her own. Autumn looked up and arched her eyebrow in surprise. Kaia stuck out her tongue, but then Autumn shrugged with a smirk.

Autumn didn't waste any time, eagerly diving in to kiss mermaid vagina. She first pressed the length of her tongue against Kaia's womanhood, swirling it around to taste Kaia's salty fluids. The mermaid groaned, arching her back in anticipation, and then Autumn placed a sucking kiss on Kaia's womanhood, sliding her tongue in and out of slick petals with a curling motion. Autumn swirled her tongue all around within Kaia's depths, kissing her petals, and eating that flower up like a tasty little dessert.

The pretty blonde squirmed all around under Autumn's touch, arching up hard when the pirate pinched her butt. Autumn took that moment to ensnare Kaia's clit with her mouth, rubbing her lips all over its throbbing pearly form. Autumn sucked firmly, pounding her tongue within Kaia's petals faster and faster. Kaia squealed in delight. She sang out a sweet chorus of moans, slapping her tail violently on top of the sea. Wiggling with water splashing around wildly over head like a fountain, Kaia squeaked out in pleasure just as she came on Autumn's face.

Autumn tried to drink up as much of the mermaid's lovely juices as she could. It was delicious mermaid juice after all, but it was too much to handle even for her experienced tongue. Mermaid cum splattering over Autumn's cheeks and running down her neck, she gulped down the rest of the liquid, crawling up to flop on top of the exhausted mermaid with a smile. Both women sighed, panting softly to catch their breath. They wrapped each other up in a warm embrace with Autumn tangling up her limbs all around the mermaid's slender form, basking in the soft warmth of their afterglow.

"Remind me again what lesson this was supposed to teach me?" Autumn asked, looking up at Kaia in tired astonishment.

"Don't mess with a mermaid," Kaia replied with a disarming grin, emphasizing her point with a firm spank to the pirate's booty. Autumn yelped, rolled her eyes, and then sighed tiredly.

The two women nuzzled against each other, snuggling on the surface of the water. A gentle cool breeze washed over them, and their faces gleamed with moonlight as the pirate fell asleep under the stars with her treasure held close in her arms.