 Meg was prodded and led through the dark for quite a while. She wished someone would light a torch. She could feel the cave had become much larger. She was able to stand up and the ceiling and walls were beyond her touch. She found this disconcerting. The touch of the ceiling and walls had been reassuring. She now had no sense of direction and was completely at the mercy of these strange goblins. 

To her relief, Meg noticed a glimmer of light up ahead. "We nearly there" a goblin said, knowing she had seen the light ahead. Meg started to walk a little faster, now that she had a point of focus.

When they reached the source of the light, Meg discovered it was a cavern in the side of a mountain. The light was being made by a campfire about 50 metres away. There were creatures gathered around the fire cooking some food. The goblins held Meg back while a couple of them went forward for a parley. The parley went on for a long time. Meg smelled the food being cooked and it made her feel hungry. 

After about 30 minutes the goblins returned happy. 

"You are lucky we meet wood elves. They will look after you. They will take you to Lady of the Valley who will show you how you can go home. We barter. Made good deal. Come." The goblins gestured to Meg to follow them to the campfire. One goblin handed her panty to her, he had been sniffing it. Meg quickly put it on. It made her feel clothed. 

When Meg reached the campfire she saw three creatures who looked like dwarves but with green skin. They were twice the size of the goblins and stronger in the torso, with sinewy arms and legs. They were roasting what looked like rodents and a rabbit. The goblins exchanged some fish with them for a rabbit and left happily to go their way, back into the cave. 

The three elves stood there looking at Meg. Two were bearded and one looked like a youth with stubble. They were garbed in clothes formed by stitching together miscellaneous animal skins. Their hair, long and unkempt, had leaves interwoven with the strands. Meg did not know what she had been parleyed into. 

"Come on, join us" said the Theodenst elf. "We will take you to the Lady of the Valley. I am Zelfar, this be Shandalar and the other is Saria."

The names seemed to describe their sizes in width. In height they were the same, they came up to Meg's chest. 

"I'm Meg. I'm from the other side of the mountain." Meg said quietly. 

"Come, eat." One elf suddenly said. He cut off a piece of meat from the rabbit and placed it on a plate with some roast potatoes. 

Meg was pleasantly surprised. She had been delivered to civilization. She was so hungry she scoffed the rabbit and potatoes and licked her fingers. The elves joined in. The fish was added to the fire with more vegetables from the elves' sack. This was going to be a good feed. Meg had a taste of all that was cooked. The flavor was gamey but tasty. Meg had been brought up on a dirt farm. She was not fussy about which animals she cooked and ate. 

There was no conversation while food was being eaten. 

Once the food disappeared, the elves put some wood on the fire and reclined on the grass to sleep. It did not take them long to doze off.

Meg lay on the grass and looked up at the starry sky. She was no manor lady. There were plenty of times growing up her family had to sleep out in the open. That was just a way of life for peasants. Meg worried about her parents. She saw they had escaped, but wondered about the farm. It kept her awake for a while until tiredness overcame her and she fell asleep. 

The early rays of the sun awoke Meg. The elves were snoring in a huddle, covered by a couple of fur rugs. During the night, they had placed a fur rug over her to keep her warm. It was not large enough to cover her completely, but it was sufficient. 

When the elves awoke they packed their gear into their sacks and carried their bows and spears in their hands. Their game was draped over a pole which they took turns carrying. 

"Meg, keep that rug. Wrap it around your waist. We can't have you walking around only wearing a panty." Said Shandalar. 

Meg nodded. Meg followed behind them. The forest they were walking through was quite beautiful. The leaves and shrubs were all the shades of green and the sun filtering through the canopy was brilliantly clean. It seemed an idyllic world. 

It was the apparent that the family had been out hunting. They would stop to replenish the leaves in their hair and clothes, before stalking prey. They were very good at it. They had more than replenished the game we had eaten overnight. Their sinewy muscles made them very athletic and fast. 

After walking for a couple of hours, the elves stopped for a rest and to drink some water. They were muttering among themselves about something they thought they should tell Meg. Zelfar was elected as the person to tell Meg their secret. 

"Ahem." Zelfar cleared his throat and looked down at his feet. "Miss, the land bound by the mountains surrounding this land is subject to a curse. There are no females of any humanoid species in the valley. You are the only female we have seen in years."

Meg looked puzzled. She looked at the three elves not knowing what to say.

Shandalar stepped forward "Many years ago we woke up one morning to find all our womenfolk had been changed to men. I and Saria were once women. We are now male in every way. I am Zelfar's wife and Saria is our dear daughter."

Meg studied Shandalar and Saria closely. Neither of them showed any female features. Their faces, bodies and gait were completely male.

"Neither you nor Saria look anything like women. You mean to say I will not meet any women while in this land?" Meg asked incredulously. 

"That's correct. Because there are no females, none of the humanoid species in the valley are able to reproduce. I have no desire to have any conjugal relationship with Shandalar no matter how much I love her" sulked Zelfar.

"And as a man, I have no wish for Zelfar to have sex with me either" sulked Shandalar. 

Saria looked at Meg sadly "I lost my boyfriend." She/he said softly. 

Meg collapsed to the ground, shocked. 

"Miss, in this country, stay away from all folk. None of them has seen or been with a woman for years. Even the women, who are now men, will lust for you." Shandalar said looking at Zelfar guiltily. 

"We believe the curse is connected to the Lady of the Valley. She is the only person who is able to give you passage out of the valley, but be careful about dealing with her. We will take you in for the night, but we can't take you to see the Lady. It is just not safe for us." Shandalar said with a disappointed look on her face. 

Saria stepped up to Meg and took her by the hand. "Come, you'll be okay. We'll clean you up when we get home and after a good nights sleep you'll feel a lot better."

Meg was shaken by this revelation. She wondered if the curse would turn her into a boy. She did not want to be a boy. She did not want an ugly protrusion between her thighs, forcing her to walk with stiff hips and wide gait. Meg sighed and looked at Shandalar and Saria with sympathy. 

They did not reach the village of the elves till the late afternoon. There was a murmur of excitement as they entered the village. The village started to clamor around Meg. Zelfar and family kept them at bay. The elves looked disheveled and unkempt. This was in sharp contrast to the picturesque look of the huts and gardens. 

Meg did not feel threatened. The elves were not aggressive, they were just curious. Meg noticed that some of them had erections. She naively thought they were just happy to see her. 

Meg was taken to the hut of the village Head. 

The Head excitedly came out of his hut to greet Meg as she approached. With a smile on his face he was about to hug her in welcome but stopped when he realized a hug would place his face in Meg's breasts. He quickly raised his hand in the universal sign of 'hello' and introduced himself as Theoden. 

Meg was flattered to be welcomed and be treated so generously, she waved to everyone in return, like a naïve peasant girl. They all waved back at her.

Meg was quickly guided into Theoden's hut. It was the largest and grandest hut in the village. Meg had to duck to get in the doorway but otherwise her size was not a problem. She was offered a chair at a table, on which a bowl of fruit had been placed. Her bottom covered the whole seat of the chair and her legs were a little cramped so that she had to spread them under the table. Theoden was seated next to her. 

Zelfar introduced Meg to all in the room as "Meg a Lady from beyond the mountains." He told them Meg needed to go see the Lady of the Valley about getting a passage back to the outside world. 

The room became hushed. 

Theoden leaned over to Meg and in a low voice said "the Lady of the Valley is named Miranda. Out of deference to the Lady we do not refer to her by name. The Lady is a Sorceress and is the reason this land is a land of plenty. The Lady is afflicted by a curse which has flowed onto the people of the land, making them all very unhappy. The village is excited to see Meg because they hope she will be able to break the curse."

Meg innocently asked "how am I to break this curse?"

"We do not know, but our signs have told us that one who is not of this land and is innocent of corruption, will break the Lady's curse." Theoden said gravely. 

Meg sat back in her seat. Meg had been handed a great burden. "How am I, a simple peasant girl, supposed to lift a curse I know nothing about?" Meg thought to herself. 

"Meg, you'll have to excuse our appearance. Us wood elves don't usually look as unkempt as we do at the moment. Unfortunately, we let ourselves go when we had no members of the opposite sex to impress. We have been limited to being males for so long, it matters not to us how we see each other." Theoden said sadly. 

To Meg's relief, food was delivered to the table and all thoughts of curses and burdens disappeared as they tucked into the spread. The food was the best Meg had ever eaten. It was definitely a meal fit for a Very Important Person. 

At the end of the meal, with great fanfare, a skirt and top was brought in by the village seamstress. (She was male ofcourse). The outfit was handed to Theoden. He raised to his feet saying "our skilled seamstress has made you this wonderful ensemble of clothing so that you will be grandly dressed as you travel through this land to visit the Lady of the Valley."

Excitedly, Meg leapt to her feet to accept the new outfit, like all young girls do. She wanted to go and try it on immediately, but Theoden suggested she go have a wash and freshen up so the new clothes are not soiled. 

When all had left the hut Meg was taken to a large tub of warm water in a room at the rear of Theoden's hut. A curtain was drawn so she could bathe in private. Meg's under wear was taken away for washing. After bathing, Meg used some coarse linen to dry herself and wrapped a rug of fur around herself which had been left for her on a chair. Meg was not used to this level of comfort. 

When Meg left the bathroom, the seamstress presented her with fresh underwear. "I have tried to make these under garments as comfortable for you as I could. It's been a long time since I had to make ladies under garments and I hope they meet with your satisfaction."

"You have done a wonderful job for me.." 

"Moira. My name is Moira."

"Thank you Moira. It will be my pleasure to wear your clothes." Meg said with sincerity. 

Meg was ushered to the guest bedroom of the hut. A large mattress had been placed on the floor with a couple of pillows.

By this time it was dark and most of the village had retired for the night. 

Theoden and Zelfar entered the room and Moira left. "I hope you are able to get a good night's sleep. I will be in the bedroom next door. Zelfar will sleep outside your door. If you need more coverings to keep warm let him know." Theoden said with a quiet smile.

Meg was tired and just wanted to crash on the mattress and sleep, without thinking about trying on the new underwear or what she had to do the next day. 

None of the rooms inside the hut had doors. The guest room had a lit candle for illumination and there was a fire in the main room to heat the hut.

Meg lay on the mattress to rest, but she fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. 

Zelfar checked on Meg a little later and blew out the candle. Meg was sleeping on her left side with her right leg hooked over a side pillow. The fur rug just covered her naked body. He wondered if he needed to put an extra blanket at the foot of the bed, but looking at her wrapped in the fur rug she looked warm enough. He stood there admiring the curve of her body under that rug, when Meg rolled over onto her stomach, her thighs now straddling the side pillow. This partially tossed the rug off her, revealing half her body. Embarrassed, Zelfar quickly left the room.

Meg slept like an innocent. She woke up early in the new day. The whole village was still asleep. She lay in the dark, on her stomach, straddling the pillow. The pillow felt good between her thighs. She pulled the rug back over her body and under the cover of that soft fur rug Meg pressed her pussy against the pillow. 

She felt ashamed of herself. The elves saw her as an innocent when all she could think about was her licentious needs. In the dark, all alone, all Meg's wicked thoughts went through her mind. She pictured the farm animals mating with each other. Remembered that wicked dog they once had who always wanted to mount her when she was a child. She thought of all those vegetables she grew up experimenting with. 

Then she remembered that coachman who gave her the first feel of a man's hard dick. He was big. That thought excited Meg. It gave her the feel of what a man's cock would be like if one were to poke into her hole. Even the Lord's effort, with his soft penis was titillating. Then there was the goblins and their wicked fingers and tongues, which gave Meg a wonderful orgasm. Yes she needed to use the pillow right now.

Meg raised herself off the pillow. She placed her right hand on her belly button. Casually she spread her fingers and ran her hand down to her pubic hairs, now fresh and clean. She nervously searched for the nub of her clit. It felt so alive to rub it. She quietly rubbed herself. While rubbing herself she played through some erotic fantasies in her mind. She imagined having a penis of a grown man rub against her slit. Perhaps a penis as large as a good sized cucumber. Better still, a cucumber too large to wrap her hands around. 

She remembered the feel of the coachman's penis rubbing along her butt crack. Hard and hot. Hotter than her fingers. She remembered the goblins tongues and fingers, doing things she could never do. Subconsciously, Meg's fingers became bolder. She put two fingers deep into her pussy and was slowly humping the pillow. Her juices had lubricated her wicked fingers, so she could pump the pillow faster. The naughty juices caused her pussy to make a slurping sound. Meg stopped. She was lying not far from the doorway. 

Breathing heavily, Meg licked her lips as she tried to grind her pussy on her fingers, quietly. She was sure she was not making enough noise to disturb anyone. 

Lying outside the door, Zelfar was listening to the restless movements of a girl in heat. It was driving him crazy. He lay naked in bed, gently stroking his cock and imagining what Meg was doing. He was sure he heard Meg gasp. He could not bear it anymore, he had to get up and have a look. He quietly entered Meg's room and stood in the dark, just inside the door, against the wall. His eyes soon became accustomed to the moonlight coming through the window. He saw Meg lying on her stomach. Her body seemed to be grinding against the pillow. There was a slurping sound which he recognized. 

Zelfar knew he was witnessing a young maiden masturbating. He nervously approached Meg. His cock rock hard and sticking out of his groin, looking very dangerous. He startled Meg. She looked up. "Sssshh" he said, putting his finger to his lips. 

Meg had no reason to make a noise. She froze. Her fingers stuck in her vagina, her butt slyly pressing down against the fingers, sending out a slurp. Zelfar took another step towards Meg. His dick was sticking out only a foot from her. Meg's eyes bulged when she saw his green penis. It was the first erect male penis she had seen. It looked excited and full of life. 

Meg stood up in the dark, the fur rug slid off her naked body. She was mesmerized by Zelfar's cock. She wrapped her right hand around it, it was hot and hard. It was not that thick that she could not wrap her hand around it, but it was still impressive. It looked like a cucumber, but felt like a throbbing muscle. Meg knew what to do with cucumbers. Meg forgot about her pussy, here was something much more interesting. 

Facing Zelfar, Meg stooped slightly so she could slowly tug on his member. She was engrossed with it's feel and reaction to her touch. She studied it closely, curiously. Zelfar did not have a foreskin, like animals did. His penis was smooth with the head being round, like a battering ram. 

Zelfar moved forward to meet Meg's tug. His cock did not want to leave her hand. He stared at her beautiful face, her pouting lips. He politely placed his hand on her breast. Meg did not object, after all, she was fondling his privates. Zelfar needed to find a better spot, away from the door. He slowly moved to the wall furthest from the door and leant against the wall. 

Meg held onto his penis as he moved back, concentrating on tugging on his organ, like she did on the farm with the bull and horse when preparing them for breeding. Her lips started to tingle. She pursed her mouth. This was strangely erotic, it played on her erogenous zones. Meg leant forward a little more, she was getting the hang of it. There was pre-cum collecting on her hand, it helped her hand slide along the shaft. She was creating a slurping sound, like she had in her pussy. Her breathing became heavy. 

Zelfar stared at Meg's face. Her face came lower and closer to him as he rubbed her breasts. He marveled at her areola and large round nipples. He pinched her nipples and rubbed them. He missed doing that to Shandalar and these tits were way bigger than his wife's. He cautiously lifted his mouth to meet Meg's. He gently rested his bearded mouth on the corner of her mouth. Meg closed her eyes and slightly parted her lips. Zelfar politely touched her lips with his tongue. Meg lowered her head for him. He slid his tongue into her mouth and grabbed her head for a passionate kiss.

The elf's tongue played in Meg's mouth. She felt a hand on her bum cheek. She wondered how Zelfar managed to reach that far behind her, given that he was in front of her. There were now two hands on her bum cheeks, spreading them apart. Meg twisted her head and looked behind. In the dark, Theoden had joined them. They didn't need to be quiet anymore. 

Theoden was aged and had given up ever being able to fondle a young maiden again. The bum he was looking at was a trophy indeed. He got on his knees. He licked his experienced lips and put his old tongue to use, licking Meg's anus. 

Theoden's tongue was much bigger than the goblins'. The width and wetness sent a shiver up Meg's spine. She arched her back to give the tongue full access. Theoden ran his tongue down to her pussy cleft. She was still fresh and perfumed from the nights wash. He then went about licking her like a dog licks a bitch. He tasted her pussy and teased her clitoris. 

For a moment Meg had to stop tugging on Zelfar's dick, the stimulation on her holes was too intense. She pulled away from Zelfar's sloppy mouth and started breathing heavily, bent over with her eyes closed. Her hair falling over her face. 
