 Chapter 1 -- Jezebel's tale. 

Jezebel was running late, she was supposed to be down at the club 30 minutes ago. Sandy was going to be pissed at her for sure. 

Jezebel and Sandy were meeting up with a couple of guys Sandy had invited for drinks that she knows from her NYU classes. Hopefully they are patient, or running late too, though she doubted she'd get that lucky.

Walking into the club Jezebel looks around but can't see Sandy anywhere. "Shit," she mutters. 

This place is way too busy for a Wednesday. She opens up her senses and scans for Sandy's sexual fingerprint, or flavor. She senses her by the tables on the balcony surrounding the club. 

Heading over to the stairs across the dance floor she releases some negative pheromones, she doesn't want to get stuck fending off some guy, she was late enough as it is. 

She heads on over to the table, where it is just Sandy and one other guy. Sandy is the girl most other girls hate. She is 5'7" with gorgeous long light blonde hair, green eyes, full lips and a long slender neck. 

Below her neck is what most men drool at, with a 37D chest, 25 inch waist and 36 to round out the numbers. She also has the cutest petite, tight but nicely rounded ass. Tonight Sandy was wearing a tight pink shirt and a short light blue skirt and 3 inch heals on her feet, she was dressed to kill.

Jezebel, her face full almost cringing apology blurts out, "Hi guys, sorry I'm late." 

Sandy gives Jezebel a huge smile but she can tell right off by the set of her eyes she is not happy with her. 

"Hey Jezebel, glad you could make it", she said with a touch of sarcasm. 

Jezebel winces, she knows she will get an earful later, and can't really blame Sandy, she knows she is a flake for not showing up on time after all.

Sandy waves her arm at the young man sitting next to her. He has black hair with grey eyes. Dressed in a typical college shirt and Dockers he looks pretty good. 

"Meet Scott," Sandy yells out over the loud music. 

"Hi Scott, sorry I'm late, hope I didn't screw up the night", Jezebel leaned over and said into his ear. 

"Its fine", he replied. "Steve just left to go get the next round." 

Jezebel opened her senses a bit and could tell Sandy wanted this guy, and that he didn't have a problem with that at all. 

Jezebel saw a guy walking their way, held 4 mixed drinks in his hands and smiled over to her. 

"Hey, I'm Steve", he said. "Glad I looked over before ordering, we weren't sure you would make it." 

Jezebel blushed and said, "Really sorry, nice to meet you Steve." 

Jezebel took a big sip from one of the drinks, rum and coke. Not a favorite but it will do. "Thanks for the drink", she said and turned on the smile but nothing else. 

Jezebel didn't like using her Succubus powers to pick up guys, unless she was starving. Plus Steve was Sandy's friend from class, not a slave for the evening. 

Sandy started to loosen up which relaxed Jezebel a lot. Maybe she would get away with being late again. It really depended on Scott to bail her out and she hoped he didn't turn out to be an ass. 

Jezebel opened up a bit and gave Steve some light flirting touches and smiles to show interest, and when she checked with her powers it looked like he was getting the message. 

She thought, "Hey, slavery is wrong but checking on his libido is just a clue how the night may end." 

It was Scott's turn to buy a round so when he left Sandy dragged me off with an apologetic look at Steve and said, "We'll Be right back."

When we got to the restroom Sandy glared and said, "5 more minutes and they would have probably took off." 

Jezebel nodded at this and sighed, "I already apologized like 4 times, I know I am a flake time wise but you know this being my best friend and all, and damn you look hot tonight." 

Jezebel leered at Sandy up and down, hoping it would make Sandy laugh, or at least cheer her up a bit. 

Sandy snorted but replied fighting back twitching lips, "And of course you look like a goddess, bitch."

Jezebel looked at the bathroom mirror. She had long raven hair, completely straight and down to her lower back. She had blue eyes and she was very tan. She was wearing a tight red shirt over her 36C breasts, her thin waist flaring out to nice hips and a generous but toned ass. 

Her skirt hugged her curves and ended about mid thigh and her calf high boots had 2 inch heels. At least, that's what she looked like now. 

Jezebel wondered why no one in her life noticed when she changed her body. It's as if their memories were rewritten so that's how she always was. The only impact it had was on attraction, she could read a person and become basically their fantasy girl which would drastically affect them, until she changed back. 

She tried to stay in this body most of the time though, it was especially freaky when her tits grew beyond DD, she hated that, but some of the customers at the exotic dance club she worked really liked it. 

Jezebel sighed, she hadn't been to work in 3 days and she was starting to get hungry. At least Steve was nice to look at, it wouldn't be a hardship for her to feed.

Jezebel blushed and said, "Thanks honey." "That means a lot coming from you, being sex on legs and all," she whispered to Sandy. 

Jezebel grinned and purred out, "Actually forget the guys, I should take you home and have my way with you." 

Sandy smiled and said, "Uh, I'm already your roommate remember, aren't I the blonde in this relationship?" 

Jezebel realized that Sandy had decided to forgive her so she fixed herself and beckoned to Sandy and said, "Let's get back before two hussies steal our meat, unless, do you like this guy?" 

"Yeah, think I do, at least for some fun," Sandy replied. "We will see how it goes."

Jezebel found the guys waiting for them when she and Sandy got back and they asked us if we wanted to dance. 

Slugging back the new drinks they nodded and headed for the floor. Jezebel was an accomplished dancer, not just erotic. She loves to seduce a man with her dance. 

"It's too easy to do the other way," she thought. "Not that it was hard this way either, but at least it was normal, natural." 

She wanted this guy to like her for her, or more realistically for her body. Not because she pumped out some pheromones or mesmerized him. 

Jezebel looked over at Sandy and they gave each other a subtle signal, apparently these guys were about to get lucky. Good thing too as Jezebel was starving.

After dancing and a couple of more drinks Jezebel was ready to head home, and bring Steve along. 

Jezebel asked, "Steve, come over for a nightcap?" 

Steve nodded. 

They all headed out and Jezebel asked Steve, "Do you have classes tomorrow?" 

He replied, "No, why?" 

Jezebel shrugged, "Just curious" and she smiled. 

Jezebel knew if he had class she couldn't feed as much, as he would oversleep, but she couldn't exactly tell him that. Jezebel gave him a soft kiss and caressed his chest to derail his thoughts, just in case he was going to ask about it further.

It annoyed Jezebel sometimes that she couldn't tell people she was a half succubus. The couple of times she tried when she was younger her best friend and boyfriend decided she was either crazy or an evil demon. 

She had to mesmerize them and make them forget. She rolled her eyes at the errant thought and wondered if she would ever let it go. Demons were just like people, they just lived in another dimension. 

The problem was the ones that came here were breaking the law, and probably came here to escape. So no, demons were not from hell, but they were mostly assholes and a lot of them would kill you as soon as look at you. Much like a small percentage of the human race are monsters. 

Jezebel continued to think about silly crap humans believe. They actually thought a succubus sucked out souls, or slowly stole years of life off humans until they had none left. 

The truth, which they would never believe, is that yes, a succubus lives by consuming life force through sexual energy, but the only way to kill that way would be to take it all in one sitting. 

The soul, which is infinite, is what generates this life force, and is quite safe from her magic, or any other demon's. The worst she does to guys is causing them to sleep really late the next day, and trust me, they do not mind the trade in the least if it involves their dick in one of her holes. 

The funny part is halves like her were born here, and are most likely nice people. It's the full demon outlaws that give us a bad name.

Jezebel shakes off these thoughts and puts her attention back on her date, she wishes she could meet someone that would understand, but it will never happen. Steve is nice to look at but that's all it will be as far as she knows. 

They made it into the apartment and Jezebel said, "Make your selves comfortable, we'll be right back with drinks." 

Sandy followed her into the kitchen and they mixed up four drinks. When they got back they saw Scott on the couch and Steve on the loveseat, they split up and Jezebel delivered her drink to Steve. 

Jezebel checked out Steve and was starting to get excited about what was coming, not just the feeding, he was a well built man. 

Her Nipples tingling she leaned into Steve as if to kiss him, but redirected at the last moment and nibbled his earlobe. "Let me show you my room", she whispered in his ear. 

She could feel his excitement as his life force slowly trickled in her direction, a tease and a promise of things to come tonight.

Jezebel gave him a heart stopping kiss licking his lips and tongue, she knew besides her soft inviting lips the saliva itself would act as an aphrodisiac. Not a form of control, just a jump of the libido. She knew she could give the purple pill a run for its money. 

She took his hand and led him to her bedroom, winking at Sandy on the way out of the living room. 

Steve picked her up mid kiss and she gasped in surprise. He lowered her to the bed then crawled on top of her to kiss her hungrily. 

Jezebel was exploring his body with her hands, as he explored hers. They slowly stripped each other, exploring each new bared strip of flesh with their fingertips. 

Jezebel felt her pussy tingle as Steve explored her breasts, teasingly at first, not touching the nipples, until he took it in his mouth and suckled it lightly. 

"I'm going to pleasure this wonderful body of yours," Steve murmured into her breasts. 

Slowly he ramped up his attentions until they were slightly rough, which had her gasping in pleasure. "That feels so... so good, bite my nipple hard... harder, "she gasped out.

She felt his life force trickle into her a little faster when she stripped off his jeans and took him into her hand, causing his breathing to speed up. 

Jezebel felt him run his hands on her legs, lifting her skirt up to her waist. She heard him moan when he looked down not at panties but at her naked velvety slit between two swollen lips. 

He kissed her softly but with passion. "I need to taste you now", she heard him grunt out. 

She put her head back and stretched her whole body sensuously, invitingly, as he kissed his way down her stomach. She smiled as he gasped in delight at the first lick along her silken folds, her juice coating his tongue. 

Steve moaned into her pussy and declared, "This is the tastiest pussy I've ever eaten!"

Instinct took over as Jezebel's body reacted and arched, grinding her labia against his face. She felt his tongue bury itself inside her, trying to get more juice, his nose nuzzling her hardened clit. 

Jezebel just stopped thinking at that point, feeling her orgasm building as he tongued her from her dark pink puckered star to her shiny wet clit. She felt herself getting close as he sucked her clit inside his mouth and lightly tongued around it and worked his fingers inside.

Arching her body and crying out, "Steve, don't... don't stop, I'm cumming!" 

Her whole body convulsed and locked up as she orgasmed and covered his face in her honey. She felt him greedily lap her pussy, trying to get every drop as her pussy contracted around nothing, desperately searching for that cock to milk. 

Steve crawled up her body, suckling, nibbling and licking her skin, paying special attention to her nipples as he passed by. He absolutely needed to be inside her.

She reveled in the feeling as he worshiped her body and fell into a lustful kiss when he made it back up. Jezebel knew if she let him take her now it wouldn't last long. Plus she was dying to taste him, so she kissed her way to his ear and purred out, "My turn to taste you."

She rolled them so she was on top and started to slither down his body, dragging her hardened nipples across his flesh. Jezebel heard his breathing turn to gasps as his shaft was enfolded between her breasts, brushed lightly as she continued to slide down his body.

Jezebel took his 8 inches into her mouth slowly, about half way down she felt him enter her throat so she swallowed, causing his cock to jump. Humans could do this of course, but for Jezebel it was easy to ignore her gag reflex, not to mention she enjoyed the feel of his hard cock in her throat. 

She took him all the way in until her forehead rested on his stomach and she swirled her tongue on the base of his cock and started humming. 

Steve cried out, "OMG, your mouth feels amazing on my cock!"

She started bobbing up and down as his shaft grew in girth and she felt it spasm. She knew what was coming and wanted it bad. She pulled him out of her mouth and begged, "Fill my mouth with your cum, I want it now."

As he felt her take him back in her mouth and bobbing he almost immediately started cumming. "Swallow it, "he ordered.

He grabbed her hair and held her there, burying his cock in her throat. 

Jezebel started to milk his cock with her throat muscles as she continually hummed. She felt Steve fire ropes of cum into the back of her throat. At the same time she got a huge hit of his life force. 

She milked him as he screamed her name in pleasure. Jezebel continued to bob up and down on him when he released her hair, trying to get every drop until her feeding went back to a trickle of life force. She felt his whole body relax and collapse on the bed.

"Best blow job, ever," he gasped out. "My god you're amazing."

She looked up at him and smiled naughtily and licked her lips. Crawling back up the bed she kissed him and rubbed her soaked snatch against him. Her succubus side was done feeding and sated, but she really wanted him to fuck her now. 

Jezebel thought that was another silly thing, she didn't have to feed if she didn't want to, or didn't need to. She softly explored him with her fingertips, knowing it wouldn't take long for him to recover. 

She could actually make him recover faster, but it wasn't necessary, and would be more fun with the buildup of anticipation. Jezebel started to drip and leak juice onto her thigh as his body was recovering.

She could feel his lust growing so she reached down to his now semi-hardened shaft and started gently play with it until it was rock hard. 

She kissed him gently then gave kisses all the way to his ear and said in a whispery soft voice, "I want you to take me and fuck me silly." 

She felt his cock jump and his breathing accelerate at the dichotomy of the soft sensuous voice and the demanding dirty talk. She watched with lust as he jumped up to his knees and got behind her, pulling her on her knees and pushing her head down into the pillow. 

Steve guided his now pulsing cock into her hot tight folds and slowly buried himself in her drenched needy tight pussy. 

Steven was in heaven at the feeling of her velvety folds and walls surrounding his cock and said, "Your pussy feels amazing around my cock."

Jezebel growled sultrily and tightened herself around him incrementally. Massaging his cock from the base to the tip with her pussy and demanded, "Fuck me hard."

Jezebel felt the crack of his hand against her ass and pleasant tingling along with the sting. She gasped out lustily, "Yes, spank my ass and punish my tight pussy with that huge cock."

She then gasped in pleasure as he started to slam into her with long strokes, burying himself deeply slapping her swollen clit with his balls. 

He grabbed her hair and pulled back hard as he spanked her again and she heard him say in a rough commanding voice, "Tell me how much you need this Jezebel!" 

She felt herself start to convulse as he spanked her again and she tightened around his shaft and screamed, "Fuc.., yes, I need to be fucked by you Steve, fill me!" 

She started to buck back hard, milking him as he pulled back for the next stroke. She felt Steve grow inside her even more as he stuck his thumb up her ass.

Steve then buried himself as deep as he could go and cried out, "I'm cumming" 

She rose with him and her whole body convulsed as he kept up slow even strokes trying to extend both their orgasms as long as possible.

Jezebel and Steve collapsed onto the bed completely spent. She noted it didn't take long for him to pass out. She knew this wasn't a guy being an ass. She literally wiped him out by absorbing his part of his life force earlier plus the sex. 

She cleaned him off with her mouth, threw on a robe and headed to the bathroom leaving Steve passed out in her bed. Jezebel jumped in the shower and cleaned up, she felt energized and wide awake. Her body was still tingly from the sex and the taste in her mouth of their mixed juices was turning her on again. 

She both loved and hated her enhanced sex drive. It never seemed to be enough except for that short after time glow.

She was soaping up when she heard the door open and felt Sandy walk into the bathroom. She watched her strip off her robe and join her shower. Jezebel was intoxicated by her scent. 

She very obviously leered at her and playfully spanked her ass, this was to cover up the fact that her best friend really did turn her on tremendously and could barely take her eyes off her. But she didn't want to mess anything up in their friendship. 

Sandy has been her best friend for 5 years, and although she could tell Sandy was attracted to her very much she never signaled anything intimate would be ok so she held back.

Sandy told her, "Sorry for jumping in like this, need a shower bad. I guess you wore out yours too?" Sandy giggled at her. 

Jezebel smiled and nodded, "He did pretty well, passed out now though." 

Jezebel rinsed the soap off and fighting back the longing to kiss Sandy left the shower to dry off. 

To Be Continued...