 Well it's been a while since chapter 1, let me know what you guys think of chapter 2.

Chapter 2 – The Sapphire Club

The next morning Jezebel made some breakfast and a pot of coffee around 10am to get Steve going. With a naughty smile she decided he was deserving of a special wakeup call. She connected with him as she took him into her mouth. She loved the feel of him growing along her tongue and into the back of her throat.

She was rewarded with a loud sleepy groan as she started to bob up and down on his now rock hard spear. She cheated a little and lengthened her tongue, not enough that it would be out of place, but enough to wrap around and provide additional milking action. She groaned as she felt his pleasure as her own, her pussy tingling and juice starting to leak out and run down her leg.

Steve arched his back and pushed up into her mouth and moaned out, "God that's amazing, don't stop."

Steve grunted and couldn't hold it anymore, Jez's mouth, tongue and throat were doing impossible things to his cock and he surrendered to her ministrations.

Jez knew he was on the edge, and so was she. She felt him push her head down as he started cumming down her throat which set off her own orgasm. She kept him buried in her throat and lightly sucked and pushed some energy to extend his orgasm and her own while flicking her clit with her finger.

Jez swallowed his load, catching every drop then milked him to make sure she got it all. She looked up into his eyes and purred, "Good morning." 

Before he left he asked her to swap numbers, she did as he was a good guy and magnificent lover. Jezebel wouldn't mind seeing him again. She knocked out some homework. She was majoring in psychology which she thought was funny. A sex obsessed succubus here to take care of your mental issues. Yeah, they will line up for that.

Around 6 she headed for the sapphire club, which was the gentlemen's club where she waitressed. She waved at Jake and Tony behind the bar and headed back to get changed. Jake was the bartender, he was about 27 and completely hot, he was also half demon though she wasn't sure what type. She only knew he wasn't an incubus, she knows what they feel like thanks to dear old dad. 

She thought Tony looked annoyed, but then he was a 15 decade old demon, so she tried to stay on his good side. He wasn't too bad for a demon she surmised, but you wouldn't want to end up on his bad side. The best thing to say about Tony is he didn't torture people for fun, they had to get on his bad side first.

She went to her locker and pulled out her waitress outfit, grew herself out to a generous D cup. Jezebel didn't mind working in a strip club so much, she got to feed without full contact and make a lot of money to finish up college. She thought of the times before this job when she got hungry enough she would pick up just about anyone, now on a steady diet she could be more selective about who shared her bed. 

Jezebel went out on the floor decked out in daisy duke shorts and a tight black shirt that left nothing to the imagination, 2 inch heeled boots gave her just enough rise to perfectly shape her ass.

It seemed a busy night and she opened up her senses to cover the club, she has been known to push on the customers a small bit when the dancers are up there, they don't know that of course. The girls do know however that they make more cash on the nights Jez works, and that translates into more tip money to share. It also has the benefit of lowering the drama and cattiness due to her looking better than anyone else there.

She knew Tony wouldn't mind giving nature a helping hand as he got a percentage of my tips. She also didn't feel guilty about the customers as that's what they were there for, she was just ensuring a good show. Jezebel opened up her feeding and it didn't take her long to top off from last night with all those drooling men out there. 

Nodding to Jake as he gave her a drink she took a seat and said, "Good night?" 

Jake made a noncommittal noise in return and said to her, "Ok now that you're here babe." Jake winks at her. 

As Jezebel was just about to flirt back she saw Tony's face turn stony facing the door. Jezebel looked over her shoulder and saw a guy in a cheap suite that was looking around suspiciously. She turned to Tony and says, "What's up with him?" 

Andy spat out, "Fucking cop, and worse a nephilim." 

She glanced back over her shoulder and then turned back and said, "What the hell is a half angel doing here. And a cop, what's that about?"

"Well there have been a few skirmishes. As far as I know the treaty between our home dimensions are still being respected," Tony answered. "Didn't your Dad tell you about them?"

"Hell no, I don't talk to him much anymore, you know he hides shit from me. I was 18 before I even knew I was half succubus, and I know there is other stuff about me he hasn't told me about yet," Jezebel replies defensively. "Why haven't you kicked his ass out of here yet, he is intruding on your ground."

Tony just looks at Jezebel a moment. Finally he sighs and fills her in, "That's why the cop part, because earth laws come ahead of our treaty, so as a cop he has a right to investigate in here. Not sure what their goal is, besides starting a fight anyway."

Jezebel sighs, "Crap, well that sounds to me like more than one nephilim full of piss trying to prove himself, ugh, should I just lay low or can I help, you know, nonviolently?"

Before Tony has a chance to answer she feels the nephilim comes closer, identified by his blank sexual signature. Jezebel shudders and is thankful she isn't an angel or nephilim, no sex wonders. It isn't a surprise they steered the church to such restrictions on sex. Not only does it turn humanity against demon's, since we are all about physical pleasures, but keeps them from being exposed to it as much. Talk about sour grapes.

Tony turns to the detective and asks, "What do you want this time detective?" then mutters, "Immaculate wonder." 

Jezebel snickers. She knows the angels hate when we make fun of how they reproduce, through aura transfer, no touching required. Although nephilim actually have the equipment they have no sex drive, and their aura isn't strong enough to reproduce either.

"Just looking for underage employees, no one looks that young so don't worry about it", says the detective. He shrugs and says diffidently, "Sorry about this, Captain is the one keeps sending me here. Believe me I don't want to be on your turf anymore than you want me here."

Jezebel throws back the rest of her drink and says, "Well I got some thirsty customers, talk to you boys later."

Jez is taking a drink order from some middle aged guy when she feels fear aggression in her power web. What most people don't recognize about the succubus, is fear and aggression is hers to control as well, it's all tied into sex via the extremely complicated survival instinct. She narrowed it down to a lap dance in booth 3, Violet was disturbed, and the twit in there getting the dance was being aggressively handsy, not to mention the crude language.

She got the bouncers attention and flashed him 3 fingers and a thumbs down, she also sent out a tendril of power and intent which immediately made the prick deflate, and without the libido and feeling of control most of his aggression dropped off. Of course a guy that suddenly loses his libido will get mad and aggressive again, but there is a window there where he will just feel confusion. Just one more reason the dancers liked working the same shift as Jez, they didn't understand, but they could tell incidents such as this were cut down. Succubus on crowd control..... who knew?

By the end of her shift around 2am and she is taking home around a grand after the split. She always makes good tips for some reason. She decides the detective might not be too bad as he didn't cause any problems, born here on earth like her and just making his way in the world, it will be the asshole captain that's a problem.

At the end of the shift she shrinks back down to a C cup and gets dressed. She wouldn't mind keeping the D's sometimes, but when she does guys don't notice she has a face, which is flattering and pleasurable in bed but annoys her when she's trying to have a conversation. 

Jez peeks out the side door and it appears clear, so she steps out and heads for home. Halfway down the block she runs into a couple of drunks. She thinks to herself, "Great, I'm going to have an adventure." 

She opens her senses and realizes they are here to have a good time, with her permission or not. As she is going over all the ways to stop them, including castration and death, she really doesn't like rapists. They wolf whistle at her drunkenly and cliché or not one of them actually says, "We are going to show you what it's like to be with a real man." 

She smiles seductively and licks her lips when she walks down the alley, they try to grab her but she grins at them evilly and when they touch her arm their eyes roll back in there head as they both intensely, and prematurely ejaculate in their pants. Jez makes the channel one way to block the return, she does not want to feel what these creeps do or she would be orgasming too. 

She rarely does this as getting there the long way is so much more pleasurable, but she figures this is an easy way out without really hurting them and they aren't much of a threat as they are in a daze now. She decides they get a break this time, but if she runs into them again they will not get off so easy.

She gets home and Sandy is there on the couch when she walks in. Jezebel freezes and takes in the scene. Candle light, soft jazz playing in the background. Strawberries on the coffee table, and oh yeah, she is straddled over a naked Scott on the couch in reverse cowboy bouncing on his cock, which appears to be an impressive 7 inches and very thick. 

Sandy's mouth watering breasts are bouncing in a hypnotizing fashion under a sexy red negligee, her hard swollen nipples apparent through the gauzy garment. Sandy's breath is coming in gasps in sync with her bouncing. 

Jezebel firmly reminds her now extremely wet pussy and hard nipples that joining in pleasuring Sandy would be a bad idea and heads for her bedroom.

Jezebel goes to her toy drawer and pulls out a dildo and vibrating butt plug and gets on her bed. Lubing up both she pushes the plug into her dark star and turns the vibration on to low. She relaxes to get used to it then starts rubbing circles over her clit as she stuffs that huge dildo between her wet silken folds. 

She gets a naughty thought and opens her senses into the next room for some second hand lust and pleasure from Sandy. She worries for a second about privacy and maybe this is too much of an intrusion. Then she remembers Sandy was in the living room, which means she wanted Jezebel to get an eyeful on her way in. 

Then she completely stops thinking as the overstimulation makes her start to cum hard and turns up the vibrating plug to high and just feels it roll through her to extend the explosion.

As Jezebel approaches her second orgasm actually riding the dildo now and roughly pinching and twisting her nipples, she feels Sandy start to orgasm, and when she does Jezebel senses all of Sandy's lustful thoughts go to Jezebel seeing her like that, of longing to be with her which sends Jezebel over the peak of orgasm 2.

Her whole body convulsing as her juice spurts out of her pussy around the thick dildo and all over her hand. The smell of sex and the intimate thoughts Sandy sends in her direction immediately launch her into her third orgasm. Collapsing into the bed sideways and pulling back her senses she can't believe Sandy feels that way. 

The lust yes, the longing however stirs conflicting feelings in Jez. She is full of lust, guilt for spying and amazement that Sandy cooked up that whole show when Jez got off of work on purpose.

Jezebel's body is overwhelmed by aftershocks, when she can think she thinks of Sandy. She never caught Sandy having those types of thoughts toward her before. Of course she's never been connected during one of her orgasms either. She knew Sandy liked her of course, she just wasn't aware of the intensity.

She considers starting a subtle campaign, let Sandy know she is available and interested to see how she reacts. She is conflicted though, fun is one thing, true emotional intimacy is something else. Considering what she is how could her friend accept her? After all no one else has. She heads to the bathroom and cleans her toys, then puts them away before jumping in the shower. Now that she feels relieved and clean she turns in for the night.