 Here is chapter 3, there is some lesbian action as well as some buildup/romance/character building.

All people involved are over the age of 18. 

Chapter 3 -- Seducing Sandy

Jezebel wakes up about 9 and starts getting ready for class. She isn't sure still that she should try for Sandy, mainly because she is her best friend, but there are other feelings involved too. 

How ironic she thinks to herself, a succubus is worried about how sex might ruin a relationship. She snorts derisively and pulls herself together. She knows it isn't really the sex, that part is easy. It's that she cares, which she hasn't risked in a long time. She has grown close to Sandy and doesn't know if she can handle her rejecting what she is.

She has an hour before class so she looks in on Sandy. Scott must have headed home last night as she stares at her sleeping friend alone in bed. She decides to let her sleep and starts a pot of coffee and throws some eggs on the griddle.

Jezebel heard Sandy wake up and start to move around so she threw a couple of more eggs on the griddle and poured another cup of coffee for her friend. She turned and saw Sandy and tried not to stare. She usually covered up her longing with an exaggerated leer to hide her feelings behind a humorous joke, but she didn't want to do that this morning.

"Made you a cup a coffee and got some eggs coming up too", said Jezebel.

Picking up the coffee and taking a sip Sandy groaned then replied, "Thanks, just what I needed. Are you working tonight?"

Jezebel replied, "No, got the night off." She asked Sandy the same and Sandy didn't have work either. She finished up the eggs and brought them over to the table. As she put them down she brushed Sandy's neck lightly as if on accident and then put her hand lightly on Sandy's shoulder and gave a soft squeeze.

She asked, "Want to do something tonight, us girls only?" 

Jezebel relaxed a bit as Sandy didn't react badly or seem uncomfortable to her touch. In fact she kind of melted under it. 

Sandy replied, "I'd love to. What do you have in mind?"

Jezebel looked thoughtful for a second and said, "Dinner and drinks, then I'll take you home with me of course. Relax and watch a movie?" Jezebel winks down at her and brushes her neck with a fingertip as she removes her hand to go finish her own breakfast. 

Sandy's neck tingled pleasantly as she answered, "Sounds fun." 

The sexual tension in the room was at a peak but Jezebel needed to get to class. She firmly reminded herself that her powers were for eating and protection, and enhancement of sexual gratification. Not to make sex slaves of best friends. So she smiled and headed off to class looking forward to tonight. 

After class she grabbed a coffee only for lunch, although she could eat she really didn't need it for sustenance, but it could be enjoyable and sometimes necessary to not stand out. 

She pondered telling Sandy her secret tonight but was afraid to, she wasn't often rejected and the fact that what caused it in the past is what she is rather than who she is made it worse. She fully understood the whole fear what you don't understand psychology and that more than anything made her nervous.

Where was she supposed to draw the line? She knew if it was going to be anything serious she needed to tell, and not wait so long. She knew that they were way to good of friends to just have sex and call it benefits, they either needed to stay as they were or advance. She decided then that she would need to tell her.

Getting ready to go to her afternoon class a man started walking up to her. He looked to be about 26, short blonde hair and blue eyes. He had on a sleeveless shirt showing off his well defined muscles and she noticed all the women kept looking at the young man. Young man indeed, appearances can be very deceiving. 

She raised an eyebrow and said, "So what brings you here Andy." She grinned maliciously, she knew her father hated that, but she refused to call the asshole dad.

"Listen," he said soberly. "I just stopped by to give you a heads up." 

She looked at him skeptically and replied, "About what, I haven't seen you in years, since I turned 18." Then she sarcastically added "Dad."

He looked troubled, she never saw him that way before. She was honestly surprised by the hurt look at her words.

He pushed on with what he needed to say, ignoring her rudeness, "Listen Jezebel, its important. The angels have been stirring something for years, that's why I left when you turned 18, I was hoping, and still do, that they would leave you alone."

He continued speaking when she just stared at him, nothing to say, "Well you know the ones over here aren't the best of our society, the angels are planning a purge. They think we have gotten to large of a population." 

He snorted and continued, "Like those pricks are any better. It looks like they are going to go after halves as well, don't go anywhere with one of them, or even a nephilim. If you get into trouble go to Tony or Jake, they can contact me."

I looked at him in disbelieving shock. He left to keep me safe? Why the hell didn't he tell me? Why did he let me think he didn't care? Her mind was spinning with questions and resentment at the concerned loving look on his face, the asshole. 

She finally nodded and agreed, "I'll be careful." Then she headed off to her afternoon class deep in thought.

By the end of class she had recovered her equilibrium and smiled as she started to think about her date, for tonight. 

Jez's brain skipped, "Wait. Date?" 

She firmly reminded herself it's a girl's night out. She did however remember her father's warning to be cautious, every few hundred feet she pulsed her aura, searching for a neutral sexuality. She wasn't that worried but her father was, so she decided to take it seriously. No matter what she thought of him.

When she got back home she started getting ready for tonight by jumping in the shower, when she got out she straightened her hair. She went into her bedroom and started to put together an outfit. She settled on a simple red dress that accentuated her curvy figure and showed some of her cleavage but was more classy then slutty. 

She put on some 4 inch healed red shoes that matched the dress and grabbed her small white purse. Going through her jewelry she settled on a beautiful pearl necklace and diamond earrings.

She walked out into the living room and had to use willpower to stop her eyes from widening as she took in Sandy. She was in a sexy blue dress. Her lustrous blonde hair was put up revealing her long slender neck. Her generous breast displayed a long line of cleavage she could easily get lost in. 

Where Sandy's dress ended there were long legs encased in shear stockings leading to her healed matching shoes. It was Sandy's sparkling bright blue eyes however, brought out by the dress that held Jezebel completely still, and Sandy's wide impish smile indicated approval in her reaction. She actually had to use power to tamp herself down because she was getting flushed and wet picturing Sandy's ravishment at her hands.

Jezebel swallowed the saliva buildup in her mouth then said, "Ready to go?" 

To which Sandy replied in a faux innocent voice and her eyes bright with mischief, "Very ready, let's go eat."

On the way to the restaurant they kept touching each other, a light brush along a back, or along an arm which caused a shock of pleasure and left a physical sense of absence behind. Once seated at the restaurant they enjoyed a nice meal. They barely noticed what was going on around them, so focused on the other and the sense of anticipation for later. 

Jezebel could barely keep track of what they were talking about, she knew they were having fun but every time their eyes locked it completely derailed her thoughts. Jez pondered to herself, "Who was seducing who here? I am the Succubus right?"

Jezebel took Sandy's hand and squeezed it as they were walking home and did not even think to relinquish that physical connection. 

She put on some romantic comedy DVD, hit play, and proceeded to not watch it. Sandy sat right next to Jezebel, putting an arm behind her, playing with her neck and hair. 

Jezebel explored Sandy's inner thigh with lightly touching finger tips and leaned into her with a soft sigh. 

Jezebel felt their first kiss like a lightning strike, she was so horny she had to concentrate hard not to flood Sandy with magic. The moan that left Sandy's lips sounded like surrender as her hand moved to caress the back of Jezebel's neck without conscious direction as she continued soft yet passionate kisses. 

She extended her tongue outside her mouth licking along her best friends lips, no, her lovers lips. 

Sandy kissed a trail to Jezebel's earlobe and suckled, then with a vulnerable voice she whispered, "Jezebel, take me to your bed."

The movie still playing in the back ground but completely forgotten as Jezebel led Sandy off the living room couch and into her bedroom. Jezebel made sure her feeding and other magic was locked up. Jezebel slowly stripped her best friend and new lover, paying attention to all of Sandy's cues to guide her. She did not want to influence her with magic, at least not yet.

Feeling guilty and a bit scared she turned to Sandy, kissed her softly then put her index finger over her lips.

"There is something you need to know about me before we continue," she said reluctantly.

Sandy looked at her in confusion, after being roommates in college for these last few years she couldn't imagine what it could be. She asked while still smiling tentatively, "What is it?"

Jez sighs and says, "I should have told you a while ago, but the last time I told a friend this it didn't go well, so please don't freak out. Oh, and Hollywood is clueless, so forget your preconceptions."

Sandy looking nervous didn't say anything, but nodded for Jez to continue.

Jez nervously blurts out, "I'm not exactly human." After a short pause she continues, "I would never hurt you, and it's not as bad as it sounds, like I said this isn't a bad fiction, I am a succubus. Well, half anyway on my Dad's side."

Jez goes on to explain everything about the fallacies of soul sucking, that it is actually life force which doesn't harm the person as that is renewed.

Sandy looks shocked then giggles and says, "No way, prove it." Then she waggles her eyebrows playfully.

Languorously Jezebel caresses her hands along Sandy's body leaving trails of fire and kisses her passionately, each kiss she ramps up Sandy's sensitivity and arousal using linked magic. Jez licks her lips then slowly kisses down Sandy's neck and toward her breasts and she has her held on the cusp of orgasm before getting there.

Sandy is making aroused yet disbelieving sounds that she could be this on the edge before Jez even gets to a major erogenous zone and pleadingly says, "Jez, oh god Jez."

Jezebel takes her hard nipple into her mouth and sucks softly at the same time she pushes Sandy with magic to have a small mini orgasm which causes her own pussy to twitch and have one of her own as well. She keeps this up, slowly kissing, licking or nipping Sandy's flesh every few seconds delivering a new mini orgasm with each touch. Sandy's body is shaking beneath her, fully yielding to her touch and control.

Finally Jezebel kisses her way down between her legs, breathing heavily and lost in her own lust she releases control of Sandy's body which was keeping her orgasms small and one after the other. Taking Sandy's clit into her mouth she sucks on it and licks which causes both Sandy and herself to go into a very powerful orgasm, using her magic instinctively while skilled hands roam over Sandy's body she extends the orgasm.

Sandy cries out, "Oh GO.. I'm Cum....gh." 

Jez laps up Sandy's sweet juice as she is coming down from more mini orgasms than she can count and one so big that she never felt it's like before. Occasionally freezing as aftershocks went off in her body.

After a few minutes, both their bodies stop twitching and Jez purrs seductively and winks. She asks mischievously, "Was that enough proof?"

Sandy looked shocked and a little scared as her eyes widen in understanding. She starts to look a little panicked.

Jez watched Sandy's reaction and was filled with dread, she knows it's a reasonable short term response but it still hurt.

Sandy about ready to freak out looks at Jezebel, her initial reaction of panic and fear dwindles quickly. Sandy does not see a monster, she sees her friend looking sad and scared. When she looks into Jezebel's eyes she detects vulnerability which calms her fears.

Jezebel sees the change come over Sandy and finds herself pulled into an embrace and kissed softly, caressing hands on her body offering comfort. Shortly the kisses change to hungry as Sandy starts exploring with her hands more urgently until Jezebel is pushed back. She surrenders control to Sandy and stretches her body invitingly, wantonly. She moans softly as Sandy starts suckling her breast and gasps in pleasure when she pinches and rolls the other nipple between her fingertips.

Sandy kept slowly increasing in pressure and roughness until she felt Jez's body vibrate in a light orgasm, a little pain mixed in with a lot of pleasure. 

Jezebel felt like putty in her hands, the conflicting emotions and sex driving her need to new heights. She smiled in anticipation when Sandy turned around and mounted her face, her honey pot hovering just above her lips as she felt Sandy's tongue lick around her silken folds.

Jezebel grew her tongue a bit, making it longer as she licked lightly from clit to puckered star. She went a little deeper with each pass until she just started to lick inside Sandy's pussy, searching for that g-spot while teasing Sandy's clit and dark star with her fingertips.

When she hit it Sandy gasped and started finger fucking Jez's pussy and sucking on Jez's clit.

Jezebel continued to lick and tease Sandy's g-spot as she slid a finger in her dark star and pushed down on her clit with a thumb.

They both exploded and cried out.

Sandy slowly crawled off and turned around to kiss Jez passionately then collapsed on her side and snuggled in giving them both a chance to recover a bit.

Jezebel lies on her side behind Sandy and makes calm cooing noises but doesn't touch her. As she notices Sandy not twitching so much anymore she gently kisses her shoulder and the side of her neck as she spoons up behind her.

"You ok?" Jezebel asks.

Sandy turns around and looks at Jezebel incredulously, "Are you serious? That was the most intense sex I ever had, I am fantastic and so thrilled it was with you."

Jezebel pulls her around so they are facing each other and caresses Sandy's cheek, kisses her and says, "Stay in my bed tonight?"

Sandy grins evilly and shakes her head and says, "Nope, your bed has wet spots, how about you come sleep in my bed love."

Jezebel smiles and wonders how the night could have turned out any better. She hopes Sandy will not change her mind about what she learned tonight. "Let's get some sleep", Jezebel says and follows her lover into her room and falls asleep with Sandy in her arms.