 Chapter 4 – The club, angels, a fight and a revelation.

Sandy woke up feeling pleasantly sore with her limbs entangled with her lovers. She turned her head and saw that Jezebel was staring at her adoringly which made her smile and say, "Good morning."

Jezebel replied back tentatively, "Good morning love."

She smiled wider at Jezebel and raised an eyebrow. "Something on your mind?"

Jezebel replied sounding unsure, "Just wondering why you're here in my arms instead of running and screaming."

"Love of course," she says softly. Then continues in a seductive voice, "And all that good sex I'm gonna get of course."

Jezebel giggles and gets a little turned on at the thought. As a sex demon she is thoroughly familiar with all sorts of pleasure, but nothing comes close to sex with a partner you love, even for a succubus. 

Sandy pulls Jez's naked body against her and kisses her below the ear and whispers, "So what else can a succubus do?"

Jez replies, "We can shape change, modify our bodies, enhance certain attributes. Let me show you." 

Sandy watches as Jezebel climbs on top of her, Jezebel's leg covering her sex and she felt their breasts mash together as they kissed. She then felt the strangest thing. Jezebel's leg and breasts started to change, to hug her sensitive areas. 

She felt Jezebel's leg mold itself around her silken folds, filling in each nook and cranny, molding around her clit and labia. Her nipples were being pinched by Jezebel's breasts. However Jezebel got them to do that. Her eyes got wide as she started to believe in the shape change, but Jezebel wasn't done yet.

Sandy gasped as what felt like goose bumps, but much finer started to individually stimulate all her nerves in and on every silken fold, her now hard clit felt like it was being poked by thousands of tiny little needles and she burst into orgasm in an impossibly short time which had her screaming in pleasure. 

She waited for the convulsions to die down but they didn't, the orgasm just kept going, rising higher and higher and right at the point when the stimulation would cause more pain than pleasure all stimulation suddenly eased off slowly on her nerves and she started feeling the stimulation on her inner thighs as well, bringing her back down slowly, relaxing her. As she slowly recovered she looked at Jezebel with awe.

Jezebel waited, half certain she would be yelled at, so worried she would be rejected again. Dreading what wonderful memories she would have to erase if this didn't go well. Go well? How could it, she was a succubus, a half demon. She looked into Sandy's eyes, trying to interpret the open mouth and wide eyes.

Sandy blurted, "Holy shit, I'm in love with a sex goddess."

Sandy frowned then, "I understand why you didn't tell me before, but I'm a little mad you didn't trust me with it. Of course if I forgive you I could probably wheedle those super orgasms out of you on a regular basis."

Jezebel was shocked, it was her turn to drop her mouth open which made Sandy smile and say, "It also makes sense now why you taste so damn good." Sandy licks her lips and waggles her eye brows which makes Jezebel giggle.

Sandy's eyes twinkle as she asks, "So have you fed from me?"

Jezebel was surprised by the question and replied earnestly, "No, I haven't, I usually eat at the palace, less impact to take a little from a lot of people, and a strip club makes it easy to do that."

Sandy purses her lips and questions, "Will you?"

"Why?" Jezebel replies.

Sandy blushes and says, "I love you, the idea of being able to take care of your sustenance needs with our intimacy, the thought of it just gets me hot." Her blush darkens some more.

As Jezebel finally realizes it just might be different this time she pulls Sandy into a kiss and proceeds to make love to her all morning completely forgetting her worries.

Jezebel suggested they shower and head to lunch, there being no classes for either of them on Friday and they didn't have to be at work until tonight. When Sandy tells her she is beat from their morning activities and won't be in shape for work without some more sleep. 

Jezebel smiles and tells Sandy, "Well now that you know what I am no point in hiding things." She caressed Sandy's face and fed her a trickle of life, which rejuvenated her body as if she had slept 8 hours.

Jezebel dragged Sandy to the shower, and eventually she and Sandy actually did some washing up. They grabbed lunch and spent the rest of the day together. Sandy asked her questions all day about being a succubus and a half demon. 

Jezebel then started talking about angels, how they were at war long ago and an uneasy peace now existed between their dimensions, but fighting sometimes broke out here on Earth because it wasn't covered in the treaty. She reassured Sandy that they were careful not to involve humans and she would protect her if it was needed.

Sandy asked her, "Well you guys can change your shape, I assume that means you can be very, very strong. And you can control sexual urges to a certain extent, what can the angels do?"

Jezebel sighed, she did not want Sandy to worry about such things although she was glad that Sandy seemed to be dealing with this information better than she thought possible.

"While demons are stronger physically, angels can project emotions through their aura, it can be resisted but a wasted second drowning in fear, awe, or even love can spell the difference between winning and losing. 

"Angels are also quite immune to a demon's sexual aura since they have no proclivities in that direction, they procreate without touch through their aura's."

Jezebel winked and continued, "I just knew that would be your next question. If you think about it you will realize that the churches strong stance on sex is the ultimate in sour grapes, if we can't have it no one can." Jezebel giggles.

Jezebel added, "There are also a few that can summon and control fire, some few demons can as well, although I have never heard of a half demon or nephilim that can."

She concluded, "It often comes down to the one with more willpower and the element of surprise, much like standard battles here on Earth."

Sandy felt quite overwhelmed by everything she has learned since this morning. She was almost worked up into a panic until she looked into Jezebel's eyes and saw nothing except hope and love there. This caused her to melt against Jezebel and relax. She suggested they head off to work before they were late.

Jezebel walked into the club's back entrance with Sandy and immediately reached out with her aura when she realized the place was packed in, even more so than a normal Friday night. 

She was shocked by what she found, there was a large group of nephilim and angels in the back corner farthest from the stage, and across from them at the bar was a group of half and full demons watching them suspiciously and she thought, "Oh crap."

She went in the back and changed, both breasts and clothes, then headed out over at the bar. She went straight over to Tony, Jake and saw her father was there as well. 

Jake handed her a drink as she muttered, "What is going on, and what are they doing here?" 

Looking around she noticed she knew about half of the demons as her father's friends and inclined her head in greeting.

Jezebel was getting pissed off. She didn't want anything to do with a stupid war she didn't care about. Damn eunuchs should just leave it alone. 

Jezebel saw Tony shrugging and he said, "They showed up about an hour ago so I called your father and he brought the rest. I am trying to avoid a fight here but something strange is going on in the angel hierarchy, they are itching for a fight. 

"They dress it up well and pretend to care for the humans, but it's really about trying to control this dimension, or at least make sure there aren't too many of us around to interfere. It's been 50 years since their last effort to wipe us out. I think they will wait until the end of the night and chase the last of the humans out before attacking. You should stay out of it, but don't leave or they will ambush you outside."

Jezebel looked over to the stage and watched Candy finishing up, she knew Sandy was next and found herself making her way over to the stage without conscious thought. She opened up her feeding channels and lightly brushed customers on her way, wanting to top off her energy just in case tonight took a bad turn and she was forced to defend herself. Leaving the channels open to about 10 men, they would hardly even notice as she slowly fed.

Jezebel watched her friend strut out in 5 inch high heels, a midnight black thong and a leather bustier with a zipper on the side. She was carrying a whip in her hands and had it around the back of her neck, holding it in both hands. 

"Mmmmm , new outfit", she thought. Jezebel herself was dressed in black, but all soft lace hugging her body sensuously, she had a sexy but innocent look she knew men loved. She saw Sandy staring at her hungrily and with authority she beckoned her to the stage. 

Although Jezebel and Sandy had never done a skit together on stage before she jumped and started dancing with Sandy. She had been known to dance some nights instead of waitress, though usually just when they were short people.

Jezebel could see where Sandy was going and lost herself in the fantasy as Sandy's erotic dance clearly conveyed the harsh mistress she played against her as the submissive pet. Some part of her could hear the hooting and hollering from the men and knew they loved it, but she was lost in the eroticism of the dance, this was all about submitting to Sandy for her. 

They simulated whipping, and tying up. She was so wet by the end of the song from all the brushing against her naked swollen nipples and pussy through her lacey panties. When Sandy pulled her in at the end, the whip wrapped around her neck and she kissed her hard. 

Jez rubbed herself against Sandy's leg and actually had a mini orgasm right on stage moaning loudly into Sandy's mouth. She felt herself blushing while she helped Sandy pick up the money off the stage.

Sandy pulled Jez aside off stage and said breathlessly, "That was so hot, I wouldn't expect a succubus to play the submissive so well."

I kissed her and said playfully, "It's all about dinner; the hunger is tied into the sex for us. It's wired into us to enjoy whatever our partner is into, that keeps them coming back to feed us, which is the goal. It's more complicated than that of course, since I don't always feed, but that is the instinct part of it. 

"What that means in the simplest terms is it's all about you, whatever you're into I am into. A succubus's desires are formed one on one. If you were a submissive I wouldn't want to be one, at least when I was with you, if that makes sense."

Sandy gave an impish grin that turned a hint naughty and said, "Good to know, pet."

She gave my ass a swat and walked away, swaying her ass back and forth seductively. Tease.

Jezebel thought the night went well, but as it got closer to closing time she got more nervous. She pulled Sandy aside and asked her to meet her at home. There is a problem and she would feel better about it if she knew Sandy was safe. She looks into those bright blue eyes and gives her a kiss whispering, "See you at home hon." Jezebel turned around and made her way across the floor to the bar, standing slightly behind the group. 

She was getting annoyed again, obviously demons aren't the nicest for the most part, but they leave angels alone and have a live and let live attitude, as long as you don't cross them that is. 

Jezebel felt an aura of light fear coming from the angels that cleared out the few remaining humans. She knew the shit was going to hit the fan any minute so she used her power to toughen her skin and increase her muscle mass making herself incredibly strong.

Sandy was torn. She knew she should leave as Jezebel asked her to, obviously this place was shortly going to be somewhere a human shouldn't be. She was just so worried about Jezebel. She pulled off her high heels and hid behind the stage. 

She felt the fear making her want to run, but as Jezebel said with enough willpower and the knowledge of what was happening it was possible to resist. She was able to hold her ground. She could peek over and see all the way across the room on her left was the bar, and all the people there had changed, their skin looked different, not human. 

She looked to the right a little to the other far corner and saw what looked like people but they were glowing, a white aura surrounding them. It was beautiful; if she didn't know better she would run to their side for protection.

Sandy listened as the different groups started angrily talking to each other, but she couldn't understand a word of the alien sounding language. Suddenly one of the angels summoned fire out of thin air and cast it at the demons who responded in kind. 

She then felt 10 different emotions pummel her mind and she could barely move. Unable to take it anymore, without conscious thought her body straitened and she screamed at this horrible invasion in her mind. Had she been able to think she would have regretted not going home as Jezebel had told her to do.

Jezebel was alert but staying out of it as her father asked. She looked on in horror as fire reached out and engulfed some of the demons in front of her, a couple of the half-demons simply turned to ash. After the first few seconds some of the demons waded into the other group, crushing and breaking necks with their bare hands. 

Surprisingly her own father had summoned fire, and was fending off the fire of one of the most powerful angels in the group. Just more info the asshole hadn't told her she thought. 

What surprised Jezebel the most however was the emotions had almost no effect on her, this was the first time she was close to an angel/demon fight but her father made it sound worse. She felt all the emotions feeding into her, but they had no effect on her, she acknowledged the fear but it had no hold. 

Jezebel heard a mind shattering scream coming from over near the stage and looked over to see Sandy there, her face distorted in pain in plain view now, of everyone.

Jezebel heard the angel wielding fire say, "Stupid human, doesn't know when it's time to leave." He released a ball of flames in Sandy's direction. One quick stab of despair made itself known in Jezebel's mind before her rage over took her. Jezebel reached deep into herself for the power to save her friend, her lover. 

Her rational mind knew there was nothing that could be done, that Sandy would die in flames right in front of her, but her rational mind was not in control. With instinct and fury her power reached out to halt and then snuff the flames. 

She was then a blur racing toward that angel wielding fire, surrounded and protected by his flames. With a negligent thought she smothered those flames a short fraction of a second before her fist impacted and broke his neck.

Jezebel watched them in fury as they ran, now being overwhelmed without the fire caster to support and protect them and having two enemies now instead of one wielding the flames. 5 of them managed to escape the club. At that point the risk of exposure was too high so no demons left to follow. 

Jezebel turned to Sandy who was staring in awe. She watched as Sandy walked up to her, sexy blue eyes wide. 

Sandy asked in a cracking voice, "Why are you glowing like an angel?" 

Jezebel looked at the mirror above the stage and her mouth dropped open, she was surrounded by a bright white light that was tinged golden on the edges of it. She opened her senses and knew this was where the righteous rage came from, or more accurately she was broadcasting said rage through this angelic aura, when she released the rage the aura died, and so did the fire she had been holding.

Jezebel fainted as she felt drained from the power use and shocked from what just happened.

Jezebel woke a few moments later dumbfounded and she had trouble getting her mind to wake up. How could she possibly be part angel and part demon? She growled as her thoughts straightened out. She said to Sandy, "Are you ok?" 

Sandy replied with her voice shaking, "Thanks to you I am, sorry I didn't listen, but I was so worried about you." 

Jezebel smiled and kissed Sandy softly then said, "Just a sec." Her face turned to ice as she faced her father and spit out in a cold voice that caused everyone in the room to shiver, "Care to explain father?"

Jezebel felt Sandy caress her back as she was waiting for him to answer, this calmed down her anger quite a bit, but she still wasn't happy, how could he hide this from her? She watched as he nervously bit his lip.

He finally spoke, "This weekend, I will come by and explain, now is not the time. I need to help clean up, dispose of the dead. I wouldn't put it past those assholes to call the cops and try and get us that way."

Jezebel nodded in acceptance and calmer shifted to her normal form. Out of curiosity for her new power she reached into herself and could feel them sitting there, released somehow from her earlier rage and desperation, ready to be used apparently without a similar emotional charge needed. 

She wondered if this power to project emotions was why she wasn't affected by the angel's emotional projection. She considered her other power and gathered fire around her and incinerated all of the angel and nephilim corpses, leaving the demon ones alone, to be taken care of less callously. She turned to Sandy and said, "Let's go home."

Sandy was in awe, and still freaked out about tonight, she never should have stayed, but at least it worked out. She was still worried about Jezebel, she seemed almost in shock discovering more powers within her, not to mention taking a life even if it was in her defense. 

She took Jezebel in hand when they got home and stripped her down as well as herself and led her into the shower. After drying Jezebel and herself off she took Jezebel to her bedroom and directed her savior to lie down on her stomach. She straddled Jezebel's ass and leaned down to kiss her neck, moving Jezebel's hair to the side she whispered, "Thank you for saving my dumb ass. I know it was stupid to stay."

Sandy grabbed some oil from her night stand and started to rub it into her lover's shoulders and back, working to relax the tense muscles and heard Jezebel moan in approval. She took her time and massaged every inch although she took longer to do her butt cheeks and thighs. 

She smiled as she drew out more and louder pleasurable moans from her demon. She turned Jezebel over and got more oil and started rubbing down her front, she spend a lot of time on Jezebel's breasts and started to smell the wonderful juices building up on her lover's sex. On the way down she left the center alone and started working down the left leg, then slowly back up the right leg, then gently guiding her legs further open.

Unable to take the delicious scent anymore she drove her tongue between Jezebel's silken folds. She moaned at the pleasurable taste and slowed down again, starting to tongue Jezebel's pussy and rounding the clit. Sandy heard Jezebel gasp out as her face became awash with juices and she gently sucked on the labia, wanting to capture as much as she could in her mouth. 

Sandy moved her hand under her face and inserted two fingers into Jezebel's vagina and a third slid into the tight oiled ass. She started to finger fuck her gorgeous succubus and flicked her clit with her tongue.

Jezebel looked down and could see in Sandy's eyes that she wanted her tongue where it was just as much as Jezebel wanted her there. All thoughts of the night were banished, she was unable to focus on anything other than the ministering tongue between her legs and the feelings it engendered. 
