 Chapter 8 -- Things get sticky. 

Bang! Bang! Bang! Jezebel shakes off the sleep and hears a loud banging at the door. She groans when looking over at the clock she sees it is 5 am, barely 3 hours of sleep. She stretches and looks down at Sandy, so beautiful and peaceful in her slumber. She sighs and gets out of the bed. Putting on a silk robe she heads to the door on full alert.

Looking out of the peephole she sees 2 cops, both human. She thinks, 'Oh crap, here we go,' as she opened the door. Turning her inner succubus to a ten she purrs out the question, "How can I help you officers?" her voice loaded with innuendo. She figured to go with her strengths.

The previously stern looking cop out front says haltingly, "Miss Andrews, umm, we need you to come with us and make a statement, we have an eyewitness placing you in the area of three murders yesterday afternoon." His speech sounded more like a questioning apology.

Jez internally rolls her eyes but keeps a seductive look on the outside. Going with them would be a bad idea. Remembering what her father told her she knew she would be dead if she went with them. 

Not wanting to hurt the human officers she turns up her mesmerizing skills, she doesn't like using them but she hates hurting people worse, especially innocent ones.

"Oh officer," Jezebel gushes, "you must work with my dear friend captain Price, that Daniel is a devil. Could you let him know I will be by later to, talk, I couldn't possibly come by now."

The policemen's eyes were all glazed over as they both nodded as one, the officer in the front said, "Yes miss, I can surely do that."

As they turn to leave she says, "Just one more thing officer, can you pass on my love and give him a big kiss for me? Right on the lips?"

With his eyes glazed over and an obvious bulge in his pants he replies, "Consider it done miss. You have a good morning now."

Snickering to herself, she wished she could be a fly on the wall to see that as she closes the door and engages the chain. She knows this is going to be bad, but not sure if they should run or not. Both Sandy and she were in the post graduate program, they had classes, both to attend and teach.

"Fucking Angels," she mutters bitterly. That makes her giggle as it occurs to her that she is the only Angel that is doing any fucking. She also knows laughing at your own jokes isn't a good sign. 

It is no small thing to consider giving up on 6 years of work, even if temporarily. She decides to let Sandy make the call, if it was just her she would go forward and just deal, but with Sandy's life potentially in harm's way she knew she would do anything to protect her.

She heads into the kitchen and brews a pot of coffee giving up on getting any more sleep. She sends her father a text knowing he won't get it for hours, laying out what happened, just in case something else happens before she sees him again.

Jez had decided to let Sandy sleep but a few minutes later she walked into the kitchen looking concerned and giving her a hug and a kiss.

"What's wrong, you feel upset," Sandy asked with concern in her voice.

Jez explained, "That police captain that is an Angel heading the purge, Daniel Price. He sent over some cops to pick me up about the three murders yesterday to 'make a statement down at the station'."

Jez went on to tell her how she sent them away and her worry that maybe they should make themselves scarce, and what that would mean to their education.

Sandy nods and says, "Well I think it's premature to do anything, we should definitely be on high alert and be careful, but we should go to class, I doubt they would attack there with all those human witnesses." 

Sandy sighs considering then continues, "We might want to leave the apartment though, go somewhere else? I can't see why they wouldn't attack us here."

"Hmmm, any idea on where we can go, I mean, who would take in two scantily clad hot women looking for comfort?" said Jez with a jokingly clueless high pitched bimbo voice.

Sandy giggled at Jez's attempt to lighten the atmosphere a bit. "Maybe one of the frat houses?"

Jez nodded and licked her lips, "Now there is a delicious thought."

Sandy snickered.

Jez grinned, "Thanks for making me feel better, breakfast or try to sleep more?"

"I think I am awake for the day at this point," Sandy replies.

"Breakfast it is then," she said walking over to the fridge, pulling some eggs and bacon out.

Sandy smiles to herself, knowing now why Jez always cooks for her, it is how she shows her love. 

As a succubus she is the perfect lay for any person in any mood, so while she can have sex with someone she loves and it can be an expression of love, Jez feels the need to do for her what she doesn't do for just anyone.

Getting over the early morning drama, they banter back and forth over breakfast, despite the joking they are not sure where to make their temporary move or who with. 

Most of the people they know live either in a dorm or in this apartment building. The former would be impossibly cramped, the latter ridiculous as a place to lay low as they would be in the same place.

They decide to wait and see if Tony or Andy has any ideas for it, concluding if worse comes to worse they can crash in a dorm with Scott or maybe even Steve, at least for one night anyway.

They both left for class, Jez walked Sandy to hers and then walked to her own. She didn't run into any problems or police, she figured they wouldn't attack where humans could see and possibly get hurt, or at least they weren't desperate enough to yet.

After the day of classes they went out to eat, avoiding going back to the apartment and anywhere else they would normally be expected. After dinner they headed over to Andy's triple X theatre and went down to the basement.

They quickly went over their day with Andy and wondered if he had any suggestions as a place to lay low when not at the college.

Andy said, "Let me look into it, there are a lot of places close to the college, but we want it far enough away from the apartments you live at for it to make a difference. I might need a couple of days to work something out. Can you handle a couple of days stealing a couch from someone you know?"

Jez nodded and sent Steve a text, she hadn't seen him in about a week and although she didn't want him as a boyfriend he was a nice guy, and gifted in certain areas. 

Jez got Steve's reply text and the address, which wasn't a dorm but a frat house. 

Jez snickered and showed Sandy the text which made her smile, despite their earlier jokes, it seems they would be going to a frat house. This could get interesting.

Sandy watched as Jez and Andy got set up with the dummies and started some hardcore training. She couldn't see how they could fight like that so fast and still manipulate the flames to protect and attack the dummies.

Sandy was enjoying watching Jez train, she is so beautiful, graceful and deadly, and she was hers. She felt something she never had before, a power, coming down the stairs. She turned to look and a middle aged Asian woman walked in and dominated the room, thrumming with power.

The sparring stopped and Andy turned with a smile, "Cat, thank you for coming." Turning toward Jez he introduced them and then turned to me smiling and said, "This is the baby Witch I was telling you about, her name is Sandy. Sandy this is Cat, a very powerful Witch and more importantly my good friend."

Cat smiled at that and said, "Well that was an introduction, Sandy come with me, what I will teach you will take you moments to understand but a lifetime to learn and apply."

She winked at Andy and said, "See you hon." She then made a gesture tearing a hole in reality, opening a portal to a beach on some tropical island somewhere. 

Taking Sandy's hand she reassured her by saying, "I'll send you back in an hour, a stone room is no place for a Witch to learn, plus they need their space for sparring."

Jez watched in amazement as Sandy was led to an island paradise through a portal before it snapped shut.

Sandy smiled tentatively, a little nervous but excited at the same time. Cat brought her over to a log on the beach and they sat on it, enjoying the beautiful weather and the view of the crystal clear blue ocean.

Cat turned to Sandy and said, "True Witches like us can do anything relating to nature, that is the simple truth of our existence.

"What makes it complicated is gaining the understanding how to do things while not getting killed doing something stupid. Observe."

Cat stood up and pointed a finger at the clouds, a raw lightning bolt shot from her fingertip and up to the clouds.

Cat sat back down and observed Sandy's open mouthed astonishment.

Cat said, "You would think we could go around shooting people with lighting, the truth is, despite what you just saw, in 99% of circumstances that would completely suck out your life force and kill you." She paused a moment as Sandy absorbed what she just said then asked, "Tell me why?" It was closer to a demand than a question.

Sandy pondered the question, what really makes lightning? Well the imbalance of positively charged and negatively charged exceeds the potential to make the air itself into a conductor of energy. 

Shooting a cloud, well, would be easy. Especially where lightning is ripe to happen anyway, all you would need to do is push that natural balance a little, however shooting another person with lightning would result in pushing the natural balance off by a lot and would require a lot more personal energy.

Sandy gave her conclusions to Cat who smiled.

Cat spoke, "Good, I do not like teaching morons. So the lesson is we can do anything with nature, but the bigger the change the more life force used which means a greater chance we are drained and die.

"Here is a simple thing, one that will save your life. Never do everything in one shot, do it incrementally. This will protect you, even if you decide to do something stupid like throw lightning, what you do is charge a few particles, then a few more, then a few more. Eventually you will tire out and stop trying the impossible instead of dying.

"Do you understand? Instead of doing something directly you need to understand the process, break it into small and easy to do steps, this is critical! If you do it that way the chance of dying doing something stupid drops drastically.

"Let's try it with something besides lightning, in other words something you can actually do."

Cat pulled out a knife and stabbed the back of her hand. Sandy gasped and looked confused when she didn't show any pain at all.

Cat smiled at her expression and explained, "Nerves are part of nature, I am suppressing the messages from my hand to my brain, very easy, hardly any energy at all.

"Now, as you can see I have a gouged hand, as a Witch, a master of nature, I can command my hand to heal, but as I said that is a bad idea, everything you do break down into parts, trust me it will save your life one day."

Cat patiently explains to her how to heal the blood vessels first, then destroy any bacteria, then fix the muscle, then the tendons, then knit the flesh together, then repair the skin one layer at a time. In essence cutting the energy expenditure into 12 separate steps instead of doing it all at once.

Cat says, "Truthfully healing this stab would take hardly any energy at all, unless you were running on empty it wouldn't kill you, however you need to use the same process for everything, get your mind trained to break things down to its components. If it is a habit you won't easily fall into a foolish risk.

"It's much better that way, leaves out deciding what is dangerous and the chance you could be wrong, if you treat everything as dangerous you will be much safer.

"Now, remind me why lightning would kill you?"

Sandy replies, "Basically the electrical resistance of air is why it won't work."

Cat smiles and says, "Good. Now watch this."

She gets up and walks over to a tree and touches it with her finger, the tree blackens as electricity is passed into the tree until it sets on fire which she puts out with the wave of a hand.

"Tell me what I did," Cat says.

Sandy thinks for a few moments then answers, "You changed the energy potential between you and the tree, not enough to overcome the resistance of the air for lightning, but plenty high enough to overcome the resistance of your skin and the wood of the tree. Then when you touched it the balance was restored."

Cat says, "There you have it, nature is yours to command, your powers however will be based on what you can learn and understand. 

"For instance that portal I opened is done with naturally occurring forces and particles in the universe, but without understanding them you can open a portal into space, or 10 miles below ground, which would be bad."

Sandy couldn't resist asking, "Is it possible to fly?" She had always had dreams of flying as a kid.

Cat frowns, "You mean by defying gravity, which is a natural force?"

Sandy sighs, "I guess not."

Cat frown deepens, "You give up to easily, no, you can't defy a natural force, there is nothing saying you can't create another natural force to oppose it though.

"For instance, if I surround myself in a gravity field and then align it against the earth's gravity."

Cat started to float upwards and said, "Then supposed I strengthen the gravity field in front of me." She started to move forward, and then softly floated to the ground.

"A lot of what we can do depends on how we think, was I flying? No, not in the traditional sense anyway. I was manipulating gravity to raise me off the ground then move me forward," Cat concluded.

"Do you understand?"

Sandy nodded and said, "Yes, I understand I can do just about anything with nature, if I can understand it that is."

Cat smiled, "I like you, I think you will do well, you are smart yes, but also street smart, you won't do anything stupid and get yourself killed. Here is my card, call me if you need anything although a library should probably answer any questions just as well. Sometimes we just need another Witch to talk to."

Cat raised her arm and made a portal, then laughed self deprecatingly because Sandy understood that was all just props and not needed at all. 

Cat said, "It looks more impressive that way."

Sandy stepped through and the portal closed leaving Cat on her Island home.

Sandy watched Jez and Andy some more when she got back, then started practicing some stuff, slowly forming a gravity field around herself, causing a zephyr of air to blow. She also thought of another way around the lightning problem, but would have to try it to be sure.

Jez was having a blast, yes she had taken some hits but given quite a few as well. When Sandy appeared back in the room she was eager to find out what she learned. Jez scored a hit with a high kick snapping her father's head back which broke his concentration allowing her to score a fire hit on is dummy.

The match ended Andy bowed to Jez and then turned to Sandy and said, "Let me see what you got."

Sandy was thinking, Cat seemed to harp on the lightning being impossible a little too much, meaning it was a challenge to be overcome, and she thought she knew how in a flash of insight. 

She changed the energy potential between her and one of the dummies, enough of a difference to be the equivalent of a strong tazer hit. Then she took the humidity from the air and created a bridge, a path of water molecules, about 5 wide and 5 deep. 

She created it a layer at a time, to break things down as she was taught. A water bridge so small it was completely invisible to the naked eye.

This literally took less than a second, apparently when a Witch works with nature her mind can do things at incredible speeds, having done hundreds of small incremental changes in almost no time at all.

The strangest thing about this to her was all the life energy she would need to use was already spent, the lightning itself was merely a side effect of the changes she had made.

With a wink at Jez and a smile at Andy she pointed at the dummy, as soon as her finger made contact with the end of the water molecule bridge lightning shot across the room slamming into the dummy.

Grinning at Andy she said, "Well, how was that?"

Andy nodded, "What would that have done to a person?"

Sandy replied, "Oh, about what a police tazer would do, I didn't want to set the dummy on fire. Plus I don't think my first act in a fight should be to kill, I would much rather disable."

Andy grinned, "And if they were throwing fire at you, Witches can't affect fire you know."

Sandy though about this and thought she had a solution so brashly said, "Bring it on dude."

He was right of course, fire was not natural, yes it occurred in nature but as a side effect of pressure, heat etc. Oxygen however was completely natural. Andy kept throwing out that line of force they used to create fire, and she kept moving all the oxygen away from those lines. Not one lit.

"Awesome, just what I expected actually," Andy praised, "You are going to be one scary Witch."

Smiling in satisfaction she didn't notice his evil grin as he did the one thing he kept telling Jez not to, he threw out a line of force the size of her body and Sandy gasped, she knew that there was no way she could evacuate all the oxygen from that much wider and larger area, the effort would killer her.

Andy nodded seeing the truth that he caught her dead to rights in her expression, "I won't ignite that of course, at least not until tomorrow night." Winking he continued, "That is your homework, figure out how to stop a wide fire burst. 

"Don't get down on yourself, Cat and I figured it would take you at least a week to cotton on to the lightning solution, and moving the oxygen was a great idea for blocking small fire bursts, but you need to find what will block both the large and small ones."

Jez was staring at Sandy, amazed at what she just watched. Sandy took a seat and appeared to be thinking about what she could do and Andy suddenly started an all out attack which caused her to automatically, without thought, launch needle attacks of her own as well as bring up the smaller concentrated shields.

This made her so excited because it was the right automatic response for her to make, she went on the offensive and gained a touch on her father in short order.

They decided at that point they had enough with training for the day. Andy said Jez was doing great and they could probably cut down to a few nights a week with training but suggested that Jez and Sandy work together, figure out what combined havoc they could create.

Jez and Sandy took a moment to clean up and change in a full bathroom across from the training room. Then they took off in the car and headed to the frat house and Steve.

Jez sent out aura pings the whole way to make sure they weren't followed by either Demons or Angels and parked across the street from the frat house. 

Before going in she asked, "Dee, you're ok with sharing Steve?"

Sandy grinned and said, "Of course, I am in love with a succubus, normal rules don't apply. To be honest I am enjoying it, I get to have you and not give up being with a man. As long as everyone consents and doesn't come to harm I am in." 

Sandy kissed Jez passionately then said, "I probably wouldn't mind a few others joining either, I've been hearing your frat house fantasy in your head all day, and quite frankly it's been turning me on. I am a bit nervous at the thought as well, but I can even just stick to you and Steve even if others join.

"I am not jealous of the thought either, I can feel how much you love me and that this is just, fun and a succubus thing."

Jez grabbed Sandy's hand, giving it a squeeze, then they grabbed their overnight bags they had packed earlier and got out of the car. They headed up to the house and knocked on the door.
