 Chapter 9 -- Here comes the twist. 

The next few weeks passed quickly, they trained at least 3 times a week.

Sandy finally figured out how to block a large fire surge, a small but very strong gravity anomaly would warp and disrupt lines of power, no matter what their size so no fire could be ignited past the point of the disruption. 

Gravity for some reason is extremely easy to generate requiring very little life force. Cat theorizes that gravity is actually an energy that leaks in from another level of existence, so they weren't actually creating gravity, they were thinning the walls in a specific way to allow more to pass through.

Either way its results that count and gravity was cheap personal energy wise.

They wound up moving back into the house, feeling more secure with their abilities and powers they stopped hiding so much. They were not brash or looking for a fight, but they decided they wouldn't let it interfere with their lives anymore.

Sandy was practicing with her powers and doing the house cleaning at the same time. She giggled as the local gravity field zipped around the house sucking up dust and dirt from the furniture and rug. She worked on her control to exclude the things that shouldn't be affected, like pictures and knick knacks. 

Crap. Like that picture that just hit the ground. Still beats vacuuming by a mile though. Sandy sent it outside and released it, all the dust and dirt falling to the ground. 

Jez walks in and grins, "That is so handy Dee, you ready for work?"

Sandy nods, "All set."

Jez is pretty happy with things, but the thought that it can't last has been nagging in the back of her head, sooner or later things will come to a head. Even if they manage to kill Daniel Price what will that really accomplish? Will the Angels just send another like him to continue, or worse send an arch Angel?

Jez sighs and lets it go, she has been over eating so to speak and is brimming with energy right now, which tends to make her edgy. Kind of like she drank too much coffee and is mildly jittery, add to that so horny her nipples won't stop tingling staying sensitive and erect.

They both head into the back to change as soon as they arrive, Jez putting on her waitress outfit. Turning around to see what Sandy is wearing makes her start laughing so hard she almost falls off the bench.

"Oh, that is so perfect love," she gasps out, controlling the laughter.

Sandy is wearing loose but scanty blinding white shorts and a white shirt just barely covering her assets. She is also wearing a golden halo made out of tinsel.

"My slutty Angel," Jez says with laughter in her voice. She pulls Sandy in for a quick kiss before continuing, "Tony and dad should get a real kick out of it, not to mention any Angels that may be lurking around."

Sandy with a mischievous look says, "You've been naughty and I'm here to punish you." With a spank for Jez and fake pout Sandy continues, "It will have to wait for later though."

Jez watches as Sandy saunters out to the public part of the club, a sexy sway to her hips that makes Jez tingle and tighten. She so did not want to wait. She wanted it now, badly.

She watches as Sandy throws a knowing look over her shoulder, delighted mischief dancing in her eyes.

Jez giggles knowing she was busted, the young sexy Witch in her mind.

Jez follows her out and heads to the bar.

Tony nods in greeting, "Jez."

"Hi Tone, any news?"

Tony sighs, "Nothing good, a lot of Demons dying, Angels too of course, makes you wonder why they do this, it's like they want to thin their own numbers as well. You need to watch out though, after the failures the rumor is Price is coming for you soon, personally.

"Most of the Demons that are left are friends with me and your dad, the ones who aren't skipped town for the mountains upstate hoping to hide. Point is you should be safe from Demons, at least for right now. Don't let your guard down though either."

In the background Jez hears the DJ, "And now on stage one I give you, ANGEL!"

Tony gasps and looks up, seeing Sandy dressed up as slutty Angel makes him bark out a laugh.

Chortling Tony says, "That one is a keeper Jez, she knows how to poke fun."

Jez snickers, "Just one of the many reasons." 

Jez arches an eyebrow meaningfully and winks at Tony. Then she taps into all the customers as she makes her rounds, bringing out drinks. She doesn't really need to feed, but she still feels like she should use her ability to smooth out issues and to make them enjoy it more, thus increasing the tips so everyone wins.

It's a good night for the club, very busy for a Tuesday night. There are some Angels, which she easily picked out even without power as they glared at Sandy. But not enough of them to start trouble. Maybe keeping an eye on Tony? 

She is not sure what kind of deal he has going, or maybe he is so powerful they just pass him by during the scourge looking for easier prey, or maybe he just keeps kicking their asses until the purge is done.

Just when she thought they would get through another day without an attack 15 Angels pile in as the last of the customers leave.

There are only 6 Demons. 3 bouncers, Tony, her dad and herself were it. But of course 3 of us had more punch than the standard Demon and there was no counting Sandy out.

Tony nodded his head at one of them and said, "Daniel, been a while. What brings you here? Don't suppose the scourge is over? Last one wasn't half this long."

Jez was impressed with Tony's equanimity, obviously this is a tense situation and he is treating it like ordering coffee. She prepares herself for a fight by starting to clear her mind and meditate, but holds back on any action. She was determined to only kill in self defense. Really, it was the only thing she could control since this craziness started.

Daniel nods, "Well, yes, the purge is over, the big bosses have decided we killed and sacrificed enough lives for the next 50 years or so."

Tony peered at him suspiciously, "So what's with the party, you could have called, sent a lackey or even dropped by for a pint."

Daniel sighs, "Well, we have a small problem you see, my bosses caught wind of the little abomination over there."

Jez heard Sandy gasp behind her. Strange thing though, the tone in Daniel's voice didn't imply any agreement with what he said. That made her speak up.

"WTF is the deal here, you guys are acting like buddies, and he called me an abomination but looks like he'd rather be getting oral surgery than be here. Please explain."

Daniel answers Jezebel, "Well you don't really think we like to kill and die do you? It's the Angels in our home plane, they are afraid we or the Demons would try to take over here and they don't want that. I don't know why, but the idea of it terrifies them.

"Instead of population control of some sort for our kind they decided it's easier to just order a purge every 50 years. Didn't Tony explain that to you?"

Jezebel nods but still looks confused and asks, "But if you think it's just as stupid as we do why not just ignore it?"

Tony answers for Daniel this time, "I guess I should have told you, Angels have no free will from the tier of power above them, an Archangel or 'Arch' for short, tells those below to order a purge, and they have no choice but to obey. Kind of like a compulsion or mesmerizing.

"They literally have no choice in the matter. Then they have power over the ones below them and so on until all the Angels are under compulsion to go kill a Demon."

Tony turns to Daniel and asks, "So don't tell me, you are under orders to kill the abomination at any cost." 

Daniel sighs, "Not exactly, they want her brought before the Arch in charge of North America. They did not tell me why."

Jez is baffled, this is too weird. Curious she uses her Angel power to check the comparative level of the Angels around her. She finds that outside of Daniel and two others she is higher, and only Daniel is more powerful than her, and he is one level below an Arch.

Curious she looks at the other Angels and commands, "Leave," trying to throw power behind it.

Nothing happens so she says, "Sorry, I was curious. As a half Angel I can tell who is higher than who, but apparently my commands have no impact."

She hopes her Demon side makes her as immune to this command power as well as the fact that she can't use it. She has a bad feeling she is going to find out.

Daniel nods, guessing her thoughts, and commands, "Come here, now."

Jez sighs in relief as nothing happens. Apparently she is immune from that effecting her.

Jez shrugs, "So. Now what? Should I go see what this arch Angel wants?"

Simultaneously Sandy and her father say, "No," only her father continues, "There is no way that is happening."

Jez frowns. 

"But what if he just wants to talk, or learn about me, make sure I am not a threat, " Jez sighs, "I wouldn't let anyone hurt me, but apparently the only way to stop an Angel under this command compulsion is to kill him. Am I supposed to kill every Angel in North America when I don't know what the Arch wants with me?"

Andy looks determined not to let it happen no matter the cost.

Sandy looks thoughtful, Jez knows she doesn't want to kill anyone either at all, much less without knowing if it's in self defense or not.

Daniel coughs, "So yeah, that's what I meant about a problem, I don't have a choice. I'd rather not fight, just in the last 5 minutes I've figured out Jezebel is not to be feared or destroyed, but that doesn't matter, I have no choice but to bring her with me."

Jez actually felt sorry for him, who knows how many years he has watched go by losing friends for stupid reasons, the worst part, Angels were truly a slave race. Except for the most powerful of course, who were clearly assholes.

She wondered why her father would hide this from her, then she gasped as she realized. It's a lot easier to kill in self defense against a perceived evil asshole than it is a slave. Someone with no choice would breed compassion and regret. He wanted to make sure she wouldn't hesitate when the time came.

Jez also did not fail to notice that Daniel's opinion was not widely held. Apparently most of the others felt contempt for her and didn't bother to mask it. Okay, so maybe some of them were both Angels and assholes.

She wondered if Daniel didn't because he actually respected Tony and Andrews opinion, he didn't really know her at all after all, just them, and they clearly wanted to protect me from this nonsense.

Jez sighed, "If he wants to meet me why doesn't he just come here, I am not comfortable with the idea of being surrounded by Angel's that hate me. You may not but look around, almost everyone around you does."

Daniel snorted, "You mean leave Los Angeles and actually do something productive? Don't be silly." His voice was filled with biting sarcasm, and not directed at her either.

Jez felt the hairs rise on her body and looked around, suddenly lightning jumped from the wall behind the Angels hitting all of them. Jez watched as they were all knocked out, but clearly still alive, except of course for Daniel, who looked at Sandy angrily.

Sandy said, "ummm, Hi, I'm Sandy. You were supposed to be unconscious too, so you know, we could avoid Jez having to go with you, you know, without anyone dying." She was trying hard to look cute and sheepish.

Daniel glared for another 3 seconds, then looked her up and down seeing how she was dressed in a slutty Angel outfit and started snickering.

"Angels at my level and above have some control over nature, not like a Witch, but enough that I was able to redirect most of that strike into the floor," Daniel remarked, as if giving a lesson.

Jez was trying hard not to laugh. She was kind of freaked out by how surreal this was. Daniel seemed almost disappointed she didn't get away with it. Once he found out Sandy was trying to preserve life that is. He very clearly did not want to be here. It was so, awkward. 

He seemed determined to wait as long as it took until she decided to either go with him peacefully or tried to escape. She figured he would have to attack and try and stop her if she did the latter.

Jez asked, "Do you have time frame to work with, can I think about it and give you my answer tomorrow?"

She heard her father choke behind her.

Daniel shook his head no.

Sandy sighed, "I am coming with Jezebel. To make sure she is treated well and not harmed, and to be by her side if she is attacked."

Daniel looked at her, taking her measure, then nodded. "I have no orders either way, but how do you know she is coming?"

Sandy snorts, "Because she won't kill you unless it's in self defense, and this doesn't qualify. If she was we wouldn't be talking right now anymore."

Jezebel nods at Sandy in agreement. To Daniel, "How are we getting there?"

Daniel replies, "Private plane, in the morning. I'll trust your word and drop by your apartment at 8am," he turns to Tony, "Hey, pour me a cold one would you, I have to wait for these guys to wake up."

Jezebel and Sandy head to the back to get changed and go home as Daniel takes a seat at the bar.

Andy says, "Take care of her, I'll kill you if that bastard hurts her."

Daniel nods, "I will if I can old friend, after all, she has already spared my life. I may be a stronger Angel but it's plain to see the mixed in Demon part makes her much more powerful." 

He turns around and looks at the 14 knocked out Angels and shakes his head and notes, "Not to mention that Sandy, she could have killed all of us easily, I can see she has been investing a little power into charging the walls every night. 

"Away from here we might have had a chance, but this is clearly the Witch's home ground. I imagine her apartment is just as scary."

Daniel pauses for a moment, and then hesitatingly asks, "Does she know, who you are I mean, a Greater Demon?"

Andrew snaps his head up, "No. She has no idea how powerful she is on her Demon side."

Daniel nods. "That explains why she tried using Angelic command; she doesn't know her Demon side eclipses those gifts. I imagine she can't heal or teleport either."

Andrew nods and replies, "No, her mother barely had any ability in those areas anyway, she was weaker with the high Angelic gifts. Jez can heal herself with shape shifting though, just not a true healing, and of course she can't affect others with shape shifting, not for the first century anyway."

Daniel speaks softly, sounding curious, "Why?"

Andrew says, "Did I not tell her you mean? She feels a responsibility to protect those around her. I didn't want her to get overconfident. Plus you know how stupid some Angels and Demons are, buying into the hatred. 

"She didn't even know about her Angel side or her control of fire before she took out that detective of yours. Now he was a dumb ass. He liked being a slave, and the killing."

Andrew sighs and continues talking when he sees Daniel's expression, "I know, stupid reason, if she knew she wouldn't have revealed herself quite so, spectacularly."

===================================

Sandy and Jez got changed and headed out the back door.

Jez speaks softly, "Thanks for trying love, that lightning trap you built into the walls was great. I have a feeling we will be fighting an Archangel tomorrow, are you sure you want to come?"

Sandy glares at Jez, "You are mine to protect, as I am yours."

Jez speaks even softer, "I know, and we kick ass together, just, risking you is hard, even though I know it's yours to take. Who knows, the Arch might buy us an ice cream cone and send us home.

"Or maybe he heard how good I am in bed and wants a go at me?"

Trying to lighten the mood she gets sillier, "Or maybe its fashion advice? Angels don't know how to dress for shit."

Sandy snickered, "Well then they should come to me, after all I dress you don't I?"

Jez gasps, "If that were true you would have me in a sexy teddy and 5 inch heels every day all day."

Sandy nods soberly, and then gets a thoughtful and naughty look on her face, "True, very true. Actually, can you do that, it sounds really hot."

There jokes got naughtier as they arrived back at the apartment, they were both nervous about tomorrow and staved off the worry by being both naughty and silly.

Sandy followed Jez into their bedroom, she had decided a week ago there was no point in referring to the other room as hers anymore, all it really was now was a place to keep her stuff. She even had a number of outfits in Jez's, she corrected her own thought, their closet.

Jez gave her hungry kiss and said, "God I've wanted you all night, ever since you put on that naughty Angel outfit."

Sandy winked and said, "Do you mind if I practice my magic a little?"

Looking surprised and a little disappointed Jez replied, "I guess."

Sandy got a naughty look on her face and said, "I need to work on my fine control." Sandy raised her arms with a mischievous glint in her eye.

Jezebel saw lines of power extend from Sandy's palm and surround her, she gasped as she started to float up in the air. She saw Sandy concentrate and shoot out more lines of force which pulled her arms and legs strait then stripped off all of her clothes.

The large gravity field carried Jezebel to the bed and then cut out dropping her on her back, but before she could move 4 smaller fields encompassed her wrists and ankles that 'chained' her to the bed.

Jezebel gasped as she saw, and more importantly felt, hundreds more but extremely small lines of force create miniscule gravity fields that enveloped her body, and started to stimulate her skin. They felt like little nips and caresses. Three slightly larger ones took post at her nipples and her clit and started lick and nip there.

Jezebel wondered for a brief moment how Sandy got it to feel like a lick but then was lost as she was quickly overwhelmed by the feeling of a hundred caresses all over her body along with the intense stimulation of her nipples and clit.

Just as Jezebel was about to hit orgasm she felt one of the smallest fields enter her pussy, as soon as it hit her g-spot she exploded, juices squirting out of her soaking the bed. If she had been able to think strait she would have known this is the fastest she has ever gotten to orgasm as well as one of the strongest as she cried out.

"Oh Dee, moooore, Don't stoppp, nnnnnAH" she gasped out.

Jezebel felt the caresses continue all over her body, except the most sensitive areas as she came down from her orgasm.

Sandy heard Jezebel whispering her name over and over as she came down from orgasm, it took a lot of effort to control all that at once, but only in concentration, the actual power used wasn't too bad. Releasing Jez from her constraints she climbed into bed next to Jez and kissed her softly.

Jezebel couldn't believe how incredible that was. She held Sandy and whispered her name. When she calmed down enough she told Sandy how much she loved her. Then Jezebel gave Sandy an evil grin and said with anticipation and steel in her voice, "My turn."

Sandy's eyes got wide at that comment as she was rolled over onto her back. Only now thinking a power exhibition to cause an orgasm when your partner was a succubus might not have been smart. Jezebel kissed her and it turned her entire body to a fire of lust. 

Every nerve ending was stimulated. She felt Jezebel insert a finger into her now soaked pussy, and then she felt it grow. It felt like a huge cock just filling every part of her perfectly.

Sandy whimpered and melted into Jezebel's kiss as the part of Jezebel filling her pussy up started to undulate and kneed the inside of her pussy, stimulating her g-spot. She started gushing liquid as she came and felt her nipples stimulated in ways that were impossible for a tongue or finger, but felt amazing.
