 Chapter 15 – Elves.

Jezebel yawned and stretched discovering Sandy was already awake. Sandy was a hellion in bed last night because they had slept apart for the first time since they got together the night before. She had of course stayed at the mansion with Daniel.

Sandy was over by the desk working on something with magic. She watched for a few minutes but couldn't figure out what it was. Shrugging she headed into the kitchen to make them some breakfast. She was pouring some pancake batter onto the hot plate when Sandy walked into the kitchen. She noticed her lover had a very satisfied and extremely naughty look on her face.

"What's up love?" she asked.

Sandy replied in a cheerful voice, "Presents! But it's a surprise so I am not saying yet."

Jez pouted, which made Sandy giggle but shake her head no. Jez spanked her then, but gave up and went back to cooking before the pancakes burned.

After breakfast they took a portal over to the mansion to catch up with Daniel and Natalie. They had been looking into Samuel yesterday and last night, hopefully they had information. Jez would love for this to be resolved without more death, but she wasn't holding her breath either. She was not quite that naive.

She and Sandy found them eating breakfast so they sat down to join them. Having already eaten, she and Sandy just had a fruit cup and another cup of coffee.

"Anything new since yesterday?" Jez asked once they were done eating.

Natalie nodded to her. "Yes, based on what we know about Samuel we are guessing no more gangs of Demons will be attacking either of you."

Jez started to feel relieved until Natalie continued, "Most likely since that failed so badly he will start hiring assassins. Elven assassins."

Crap. Sometimes she wished she was still just a college chick getting her Masters while working at the club for money and life energy. She shakes off the thought, no point in being all why me.

Jez asked, "So, what can we do to defend from that?"

"Not much unfortunately, Elves can mask their power signature, they can even become invisible. However they do have a unique smell that they can't cover up," informed Daniel.

He reached out and touched Sandy's hand, suddenly she felt knowledge settle into her mind, realizing that he let Sandy read the smell, then Sandy passed it to her. She concentrated on the smell and set up some internal alarms. Hopefully Elves don't use sniper rifles.

Sandy smiled and said, "Gift time!" with a big grin on her face.

Jezebel thought this gift must be sex related as she was picking up Sandy's lust rising a bit at the announcement. Sandy pulled out two rings made of white Gold. A small picture of two people coupling was engraved on the inside. She watched as Sandy handed a ring to both Daniel and Natalie.

Daniel looking confused said, "What does this do exactly?"

Sandy turned to me and said, "Jez baby, why don't you take him to the bedroom and let your inner succubus show him what the ring does."

She smiled and kissed her thoughtful Witch lingeringly on the lips in thanks. Collecting her Angel she headed up to the bedroom, looking forward to changing his face from confused to awed.

==============================

Sandy watched her lover take off for the bedroom with Daniel. She felt the effusive thanks and anticipation bursting out of the lusty succubus. 

Turning to Natalie she said, "Try it on Nat."

Smiling, she watched as Nat's eyes grew wide after she put on the ring.

Nat asked, "Thank you! But, why bother? You can always make me sensitive to feeling when we are together."

She smiled wider at Nat and said, "Yes, but..... That would feel wrong, like I am keeping you to myself like a.... slave. Either sex for stress relief with me, or none at all. This way when you come to me I know you want to be there, because of our friendship and how we think about each other. Not just because you want to get off and I am the only option."

"Oh," Natalie said, "I never even thought of that, you are a great friend and I wouldn't have thought you were doing that to me, ever."

Sandy leans over and gives her a soft kiss.

"One more thing Nat, it charges itself off your orgasms. So you won't need anyone's help to recharge it. It will take enough life force to fill itself up, which isn't much. Nerve signals are cheap in terms of power. Even when numbered in the millions."

She kissed Natalie on her delectable neck. Then she nibbled on her ear before whispering seductively, "I think it needs a charge now." She brushed her hand up Natalie's skirt grazing her inner thigh.

Her dexterous fingertips made Natalie gasp in pleasure as she reached and teased the Angel's hot core. Sandy watched her eyes roll back in her head as Natalie subconsciously opened her legs without thought. Giving Sandy access to slide a finger between her yielding honey soaked pussy lips.

Sandy lifted Natalie's shirt while slipping a second finger inside her Angel. Then dropping to her knees she sucked a nipple into her mouth while curling her fingers, making Natalie start to squirm and move on the chair, fucking her hand with abandon.

"Oh god, that's, that's, nnnnggghhh."

She felt Natalie's warmth tighten around her fingers and spray love juice all over the chair and her hand.

Taking gasping breaths Natalie said in a broken sentence looking lustfully dazed, "Room, more, want taste you."

Natalie gasped when Sandy picked her up in a gravity ball. She left her fingers within that hot box as she teased and flicked the Angel's clit all the way to the closest bedroom.

==========================================

Jezebel watched as Daniel put his ring on, anticipation twisting her stomach and making her wet. She loved Sandy and this was an incredible gift. She decided she would thank her love properly later tonight.

"Well this is weird," Daniel said.

Jezebel kissed him.

"Okay, clearly weird was the wrong word description," he said with a grin and then kissed her in return.

They were gentle the first time, Jez introduced him to all the pleasures her body could offer. She teased his senses and showed him where to tease hers. She did not use her powers. She knew just her carnal knowledge and perfect body would be more than enough their first time together. When she had gotten him to a fever pitch she pulled him on top of her and reached down to guide his manhood into her tight and wet warmth.

As he slipped into her while staring into her eyes with a lust mixed with amazement, love and gentleness she realized just how much she loved him too. She had been willing to risk death to heal him yesterday, but that was in the heat of the moment, her emotions jumbled together from the fight. This was open, honest and clear.

She felt him start sawing in and out of her as she raised her hips up to meet his every thrust. His eyes grew large as he struggled to maintain control of his new libido. They had so much foreplay while she was showing him the wonders of physical love that they both came together shortly after starting. She felt her pussy lock around his rigid pole, hugging it tight and milking as he spent himself with a loud grunt and moan.

''Mmmm, did you enjoy that? If that smile is any indication I would say very much."

Daniel breathed out, "Understatement. If those are easy to make Sandy could make billions."

Jezebel snickers. "Probably. But that was just our first time, I have other things to show you lover."

Jezebel started to kiss her way down his body. For the first time ever Jezebel reached out with her succubus senses and opened a power channel between herself and an Angel. Her previous failures only showed that Angels did not have any lust because of lack of sensation and sex. At least until now. His lust welcomed her connection and she knew she could control it just like anyone else.

She took his semi-flaccid cock gently into her mouth. Gently sucking and licking it clean of the mixture of her honey and his baby batter. Between the taste she loved and him hardening in her mouth she moaned in lust, her back arching as her pussy tightened and twitched. 

Putting off her need to be filled again she swirled her tongue around the tip then lowered her head down onto him with her lips hugging his now large girth tightly. She whirled her tongue in a tight circle on the bottom of his cock then darted it out to tease his balls.

She sensed him losing control already so squeezed the base of his cock hard and tamped him down with her power, when she felt him in control again she proceeded to give him a messy blow job. Gurgling his cock with her throat as she teased his balls, taint and dark star with her fingernails. Her saliva mixed with his precum dripping out of the corner of her mouth.

"Oh god Jezebel, let me cum. It feels so good with my cock in your mouth."

She looked up making eye contact. Giving him the look she knew how to give so well. Communicating her need to have him fill her mouth with his seed with the fire of lust in her eyes. That she loved the feeling of his cock in her mouth, that she needed it.

She started to bob up and down on his cock, burying his cock in her face nose deep every time. She relaxed her throat and started to suck hard. When she felt his manhood swell she stuck a honey soaked finger into his back door.

"Oh.... JeeeszzzzzZZZ"

She felt him hit the back of her throat and she wrapped her power around his orgasm and fed it. She made it more powerful, and last longer. She felt him pump rope after rope of his sticky seed into her mouth as she hungrily swallowed it without losing a drop. She finally released her power and lifted her head gasping for breath between swallows.

Daniel said still out of breath, "My god Jezebel, no wonder you Demons make fun of us if this is what we are missing."

She heard him gasp in surprise when she said, "I'm not done yet lover."

With a push of power she hardened his staff and mounted him, and started bouncing up and down fast with him enveloped in her warmth......

=====================================================

A few hours later Daniel and Jezebel made their way down to the lounge to get something to drink. She smiled at his dumbfounded but happy face as they entered the room.

She saw Sandy and Natalie where already there, drinks in hand. She also noticed Natalie had that same dumbfounded but happy smile on her face. She also looked extremely well fucked.

Sandy looked up with a giggle and said, "My job is done here, two smiling Angels, who knew?"

Daniel snorted, and then nodded in agreement. He gave Sandy a kiss on the forehead and whispered, "Thank you Dee."

Jezebel nodded in agreement, her Witch was the best. She headed over to the bar and got both her and Daniel drinks.

"So, where were we exactly? What can you tell me about elves?" Jezebel asked.

Daniel answered her, "Well like Angels and Demons they have their own dimension. They travel back and forth more freely having no real central type government like we do to limit it. They are more... Primitive. Not stupid at all, just not advanced technologically. 

"They are generally broken up by tribes, which often will be too busy fighting each other than bother to get into a fight with anyone of another race."    

When he trailed off Natalie started to talk, "There are tribes if you know how to contact them that are mercenary, often taking contracts to kidnap or assassinate a target. My guess would be that is who Samuel would have contacted. They don't use guns or rifles, but they do have magic which is focused around mischief, trickery and concealment. They also have an intimate knowledge of poison craft.

"Like we said earlier all you really have is the smell to look for. The only real way to stop it is to either kill the one who hired them, or take out the whole tribe. They are bound magically to fulfill the contract. If they renege on it they would lose their magic and slowly die. If Samuel died though, that would break the binding as they wouldn't be able to extract the price."

Jez groaned, "So easy, kill a whole tribe or a Demon born over a thousand years ago. What are we waiting for?"

Sandy said, "Ummm, did you think to grab anything from the scene? Maybe some of his blood? Even an object he was attached to could help."

Jez whipped out her phone and dialed her father. 

"Jezebel?"

"Dad, you got anything of Samuel's? We think he put an Elven contract out on me."

"Shit. No, we didn't grab anything from the fight. We cleansed it with fire after you left with Daniel."

"Well we are just guessing at this point, we don't know for sure. It's probably right though, the Angels have a big file on him, that's what he usually does if a frontal attack fails, goes out and hires one of the Elven mercenary tribes to set up an assassination."

Andy grunted and said, "Just watch your back. Tony and I are looking for him too. He is usually smarter than this but right now he is blinded by his prejudice, won't even bother talking to you to find out if he is right or not. I think he is losing his mind. It happens sometimes, when we live too long, see too much."

"I will be careful dad, talk to you later."

They talked about their options. Sandy went as far to tell her she could wrap her in a gravity bubble all day to keep her safe. She wasn't ready to go quite that far. It would be like a prison. Plus nothing had even happened yet and this was all speculation until it did.

Neither She nor Sandy had work tonight so they stayed for dinner, finally moving on to other topics. They were enjoying a multi course meal when the soup came out. She went to take a sip....

"STOP!" Sandy screamed. "Poison. Ever since Natalie mentioned it I have been checking the food with power as it came out."

Jezebel was scared, and pissed. One of the people she cared about could be dead. Luckily no one had eaten any yet. She jumped up and ran toward the kitchen. 

The cook looked up at her with a sneer on his face and drew a black shiny dagger as she entered the kitchen. When he rushed her she recognized the scent as Elven and blasted the cook with fire. To angry and frustrated, tired of her friends and the people she loved in constant danger. She didn't form a needle, but an overwhelming short blast. He burst apart in flames, parts of him flying around the kitchen as her snarl of rage echoed against the far wall now covered in gore.

She felt Sandy start rubbing her neck and shoulders with one hand, trying to calm her down no doubt. She looked around the kitchen, half in horror. What would she have done if he succeeded in killing someone? Would she have been even more violent? Tortured him maybe first? She wondered if Samuel was right, that she would one day be a monster. If she wasn't already one...

"No baby," Sandy said softly. "You are just protective. You would only in self defense, or defending one of us. This was... An overreaction perhaps. But you're not a monster. You are simply what the monsters fear. This Samuel must fear an accounting one day."

Sandy went on, "Apparently I am no help, Elven magic can apparently slip through Witch's wards. I don't understand how that would work. My magic is undisturbed like nothing happened at all. A Demon or Angel that doesn't belong can't get close to here without me knowing it."

Natalie walked in from the other side of the kitchen and said, "We found him... Dead. The chef I mean, in the pantry down the hall. I wondered why the servant brought the food, usually he did it. Now I know it was so we couldn't smell him. I am sorry Arch, it never occurred to me, I should have known."

Jez shakes her head, "Not your fault, security is not your job. With this threat I want more Angels here than just the two of you. In fact I want half my guard staying here, to protect you, the human servants, and the house. Where in the hell are they anyway, shouldn't they be here?"

Daniel coughed, "Umm, they were following your orders. They are watching the outside of the house as you told them to keep their distance. The Elf probably walked right by them, as the chef I mean. They know about the smell so he would have approached downwind of the guards."

Jez sighed. "I want the ones on me to keep their distance but I want some inside the house at all times to guard everyone else."

Daniel nodded, "I'll get it done."

Jez said in frustration, "If at all possible have Samuel found, I don't want any Angels fighting him, they would just die. But we need to find him. I want to know where he lives."

Daniel nods slowly, "We can do that I think."

Jezebel said, "Make it very clear, if he notices them and attacks they are to run."

With somewhat of a plan of attack set up they retired to the lounge and started drinking. Jezebel was still keyed up and needed to relax. A straight fight was one thing, but sneaky ninja Elves were not her idea of a confrontation. She had classes to teach in the morning so she and Sandy headed through the portal back to the apartment to rest... Eventually. After some very much needed stress relief.

===========================================

Sandy arched her back and gasped shoving her core hard against her beautiful Demon's face. Jezebel was lying on top of her in the 69 position, the succubus's stomach somehow pinching and twisting her nipples. She also felt Jezebel pinch her clit hard, as her long tongue stimulated her g-spot.

When she was able to take a breath she gasped out, "Cheater!" Then gasped out a few seconds later, "I love when you cheat."

Sandy recovered enough to continue finger fucking her succubus's dark hole as she hungrily slurped and licked the honey out of her pot. Occasionally she would also flick her lover's sensitive nub in the hopes of getting more juice in her mouth. She had long given up the idea of giving Jezebel as many or more orgasms than she was getting. She was ahead by like 6 to 3 by.....

"nnnnhhhaaaAAHHHH my god!" she screamed as Jez pushed her into another orgasm, temporarily freezing her limbs. She felt Jez's warm wet honey soak her face, must have been the vibration of her screaming in Jez's labia and clit that pushed her over.

7 to 4 now. Remembering she could cheat now too she sent a couple of small gravity globes to pinch, squeeze and twist Jezebel's nipples mercilessly.

That worked perfectly. Jezebel screamed out and Sandy felt the flow of blood to her fingertips get cut off by Jezebel's sphincter and was rewarded with another waterfall of Jezebel's warm tasty goodness.

Jezebel rolled off her body and just collapsed on her back. She was able to barely hear Jez's words over her own heavy breathing.

Jezebel whispered, "Good Witch, my good Witch."

Just as she was thinking 7 to 5, not bad, she felt Jezebel's hand spank her pussy and clit hard extracting a gasp from her mouth. Jezebel also hit her pleasure center hard with a quick jab of succubus magic. Her last coherent thought as she inexorably rose into an intense number 8 was sometimes it is really wonderful to lose...