 Chapter 16 – Wanted Dead or Alive. Preferably Dead.

Samuel was totally screwed. This is the 3rd safe house he had to give up. He didn't understand how Tony and Andy didn't see the danger this girl represented. She needed to die. Instead of dying though she had thwarted his schemes, was well protected from assassination and had every Angel in North America hunting out where he was. Oh they ran when they saw him, but the damage was done.

Not to even mention that damn Witch, already powerful enough to make his demons run away when she was falling down drunk. He had a satisfyingly long talk with those two idiots though. They will never run away again. 

He had two choices, leave North America for a few centuries and hope someone else took care of it. Snorting at that idea he knew what he had to do. If he left it to the Elves they would just die. He didn't really mind that actually, but risking his life or not he would not be a coward and run away. That bitch would die at his hands. Soon. He smiled at the thought of saving the price the inept Elves would have charged him, that had obviously been a mistake.

=====================================================

Jezebel looked up and cursed herself for not dressing down for class like she usually does. She could feel half of them lusting to tear her clothes off. Normally that wouldn't bother her in the least. In fact that was a succubus's bread and butter and quite frankly after an hour of it she wanted to let most of them do what they wanted to her. 

But the professor would be pissed at her if half the people didn't understand the material she was supposed to be teaching, and not understanding at all if she started an orgy. Why did that sound so unreasonable of her professor right now? She wondered if the Angels were making any progress with tracking down Samuel. Daniel told her about the three sightings but they were unverified, either he moved on quick or they were false alarms.

She shook her head to clear it and forced herself to concentrate on the class for the rest of the time. Her eyes widened as she saw Samuel slip into the back door and take a seat. He was glaring at her and his eyes were burning red. No one else seemed to notice, either focused on her or the actual lesson. 

She sent Sandy a SOS in her head. Hopefully she was paying attention and would get here before the end of class. She also hoped he wasn't unglued enough to attack in front of a bunch of human witnesses. He probably wouldn't care if it wouldn't get every Supernatural in North America to hunt his ass, hopefully he wasn't that desperate but he looked a little unhinged right now.

He was inside her aura zone, and there was no lust there at all. She wasn't surprised he could discipline his mind against lures of the flesh. Especially with all that hate he had for her. Jezebel sighed, why couldn't these people just leave her alone? Self fulfilling prophecy anyone? 

If these jerks kept hunting her out of fear that she would become a monster, well, that would ensure it. She was already going crazy and it had only been a few months since this craziness all started. She imagined she will be a monster if she is hunted for the next few hundred years. 

She smiled lightly when she felt knowledge settle into her mind. Sandy was not only a few minutes away but she called Natalie, Daniel, Tony and her father. They were all on the way.

The class ended 15 minutes later and people started moving out of the room. He got up and moved toward her. He appeared relaxed and she couldn't sense any power. Still, he was a lot older and must have forgotten more dirty fighting tricks than she ever learned. She got ready for a fight, but held back on making the first move, especially with the stragglers still moving slowly to the door.

One of the girls walked toward her instead of out the door. It was Gina, as this was a freshman class she must have been eighteen. She had long red hair and warm hazel eyes. She also had a firm little body. 5'4", 36b 24 34. She had on a cute skirt and a tight top that showed her toned abdomen. 

Gina said, "Umm, Jezebel, I was wondering if you had time to help me go over today's material, maybe over a coffee later?"

Jezebel smiled at her, boldness deserves a reward does it not? "Let me have your contact info, my afternoon is a little murky right now but I will definitely get back to you to... Thoroughly go over the material."

Gina smiled and penned down her number real quick and boldly looked Jezebel up and down before heading out of the classroom.

Jezebel was wondering if Gina would be into three way coverage of the material. She was almost positive Sandy would want in. As the room finally emptied she turned to face Samuel and raised an eyebrow. What could he possibly have to say to her?

She saw Sandy and Daniel as well as her two guards walk in as he lunged at her, an insane rage on his face. She was able to dodge, barely. If he wasn't so enraged and was more in control she would not have been able to dodge in time. By the time he turned he was flushed with power and started to shoot fire at her, which turned on him even as she put up her shields. Thanks to Sandy.

He growled in frustration and took another wild swing at her. This time she was ready and ducked under the attack and into him as she punched his throat as hard as she could. He flew back a few feet and gasped for breath while looking at Sandy and Daniel in frustration.

He screamed, "Die," spittle flying out of his mouth and jumped at her again. He was quite clearly insane.

He wasn't even shielding with his power. She felt sick inside when she released a stream of concentrated fire that burned right through his chest and out the other side. She sat down and took a deep breath. She felt like she was on the edge of a breakdown. He was freaking nuts. Taken down by his deep obsession to kill her, and for what? Were there more secrets about her? What had he known that she didn't?

How many more would there be? She was a succubus, who lived for her power to give and receive pleasure. She didn't want to run a fucking empire. She wanted to be on her back, on her terms of course.

She wasn't a coward, and could definitely fight, but it wasn't where her heart was. She knew he was crazy, she knew it had to be done. Even if he had changed his mind she wouldn't have spared him and destroyed a whole tribe of Elves instead. Yet... It twisted her inside each time she was forced to kill, even when in defense. Too much too soon, she wasn't ready for the responsibilities she had. She felt horribly bitter right now.

Sandy was looking down at her, concern in her eyes.

She knew of course she was acting like a 5 year old wondering why everyone couldn't just get along. But a big part of her had always been focused on the positives of life, now she felt like she was drowning in the horrors of it. 

Sandy sat down and held her hand. She couldn't imagine facing a life without this amazing woman at her side. Luckily she didn't have to think about that for about another three hundred years of so. She just needed to get away for a while. Work and responsibility didn't really bother her, just the violence it brought.

She went over her options and decided she needed a vacation. Decompression is important. Plus she thought Sandy would look really good sitting on her face on a tropical beach, she had to make that happen.

She winked at Sandy when the Witch caught her thought. Hmm, maybe she should help out Gina before she left, that would certainly help relax her...

=============================================

Gina felt so embarrassed. She had no idea what came over her. She had experimented with woman before, being in her first year of college. But it was more just for fun with good friends, why not right? Usually she was more attracted to men, she thought other women were beautiful, but she had never panted over one before. Not until today.

She had always seen Jezebel as a very attractive woman, but it was more an acknowledgement of fact than something she felt down to her core. Today Jezebel was... Mouth watering, breath taking, pussy twitching hot. By the time class was half over her panties were absolutely soaked. Her labium was extra sensitive, red, and puffy. Something was different about Jezebel today, and Gina found herself missing half the class, fantasizing of them being together.

She was torn between being embarrassed from her response to Jezebel but breathlessly hoping she called. She blushed as she recalled getting herself off in the bathroom after class. It had taken less than a minute for her to gush over her hand into the toilet. It made her feel like such a dirty slut, but it was wonderfully intense at the same time.

Even with men she had rarely ever been so turned on as she was today. Fuck it. At least I was brave enough to approach her, who knows, maybe she will call. After all she did flirt back didn't she?

She was in her last class, bio 101 when her phone vibrated. She glanced down at it and saw it was from Jezebel and her nipples tightened. She read it and was a little confused, she wanted her to meet her and another TA named Sandy who was also going for her masters at the coffee shop on the edge of campus.

She worried for a minute that she misread the situation and that Jezebel actually thought she wanted to talk about class material. No... that couldn't be it. She thought she was pretty obvious. She shrugged, maybe after coffee Sandy would go off without them. Or maybe, she blushed at the thought. Sandy would be staying with them. Shocked at her own slutty thought but also turned on she wondered what Jezebel had done to her. She was far from a virgin but she was usually more reserved of thought.

Her class finally ended and she headed to the coffee shop with anticipation coiled in her stomach. She got in line to grab a latte and looked around. She saw Jezebel sitting in the corner with another woman. Light blonde hair, and she could see her bright green eyes from across the room. 

She had an easy smile on her very attractive face. She didn't have that same strange pull that Jezebel had for her but she was a very beautiful woman she wouldn't have turned down the opportunity.

She saw Sandy look at her and then smile in greeting, how the hell did Sandy know what she looked like? She didn't catch Jezebel pointing her out or anything and she was paying attention. Though a bit confused she couldn't help but smile back at the blonde, Sandy's smile was open and easy, the kind that was so genuine it was infectious. She had a feeling she would like her.

She finally got through the line then walked over.

"Hi," she said shyly, but her eyes twinkled.

Sandy said, "Hi, I'm Sandy, Jezebel's... Roommate, and close friend."

Gina blushed at the implications in the inflection Sandy put in close friend. 

"I'm Gina. It's nice to meet you." She blushed again, jeez, what was up with that. She looked over to Jezebel and her nipples tightened, feeling sore against the fabric of her bra. Whatever it was that was different with Jezebel in class today she still had it. She pulled out a chair and sat down.

Sandy voice was velvet when she said, "Nice to meet you too, you are absolutely gorgeous. I love your hair."

"Thanks, I love yours too, it matches your beautiful bright smile," she said a little breathlessly. 

She kept stealing glances at Jezebel. There was also something special about Sandy, she couldn't put her finger on it but the woman was so confident, self assured but not stuck up about it. It was extremely attractive. What the hell, she wondered if she was changing sides? Or becoming Bi? Or is this day just a onetime thing?

Jezebel said with a smile and a note of teasing in her voice, "You're really not here for help with class are you?"

Gina grinned and quipped back, "No more than Sandy here is just a friend of yours," she winked, and then blushed again.

The three of them sat around for a while drinking coffee and getting to know each other a little better. Gina figured they were trying to make her feel comfortable before taking her home and... Well she was hoping that was why anyway. The anticipation was killing her, but she was also enjoying herself a lot. She wondered at that again, but decided this was college, time to have some fun and explore.

She felt Sandy take her hand and squeeze it. She briefly imagined her squeezing something else with her soft delicate hands. She was surprised when Sandy's ever present smile widened, as if she had said that out loud. She watched Sandy nod her head almost imperceptibly at Jezebel, was that her way of approving me?

Gina softly gasped when Jezebel looked into her eyes, she felt like she would do anything for 5 minutes with this woman, another first for today, as she heard her say, "Come join us back at the apartment, we can eat and.... Explore some concepts of psychology."

Gina nodded as she couldn't speak. She heard what Jezebel said but all her body heard was come with me and I'll pleasure you like you have never felt or thought possible. Her core was burning hot and she knew her panties were soaked again. She had a random senseless thought that she should probably bring spares with her, especially when Jezebel gave a lecture.

They lived in the apartments right off campus, most of the grad students did. Her eyes widened as she saw the two huge guys by the door, but Jezebel just nodded at them and walked by so she didn't worry about it. The apartment was nice, and very clean. She heard the door close when they walked in then without saying a word Jezebel pulled her into a kiss. Jezebel's lips were amazingly soft against her own. 

She had never felt anything like it before as her lips filled with warmth and tingles of pleasure where Jezebel's lips touched her own. That warm tingling moved down her throat. When the feeling reached her chest her nipples started to tingle in pleasure she gasped into Jezebel's mouth, overwhelmed at this new but pleasurable sensation. 

It didn't stop at her chest though, it continued down. She felt Sandy stand up against her back, then Sandy's lips were on her neck and shoulder softly kissing her flesh causing her to moan. The warmth reached her core which tightened in pleasure. Her gasping breaths grew louder as the pleasure spread. Her body felt amazingly good and the feeling of the two slightly older women against her young nubile body caused her body to shake in need, goose bumps covered her flesh.

In the back of her mind she knew this warmth throughout her body was not completely natural, but that part of her thoughts was dismissed as unimportant since she felt safe here, unthreatened. It also felt too damn good to object. She felt them stripping her clothes off and theirs quickly followed as I returned the favor. They each grabbed one of her hands and they walked back to a bedroom.

With a quick look around Gina realized they both lived in this room, the other room probably felt empty. This room was full of intimacy and... Lust. Her pussy twitched at the thought of these two very sexy women being together, and now taking her to their bed. Allowing her to share in their pleasure at least temporarily. She turned to Sandy and kissed her hard, wanting to feel her lips as she had Jezebel's. 

They all climbed into bed, Jezebel guiding her to lie down in the middle of the bed. She felt decadent as they started to caress and kiss on her body, her hardened and tingling nipples both finding a wet warm mouth.

She gasped in a sharp breath as the pleasure of a small orgasm struck as they caressed her body, the warmth turned into a flame of lust as they teased and pleasured her. She looked down as she felt a tongue along the cover of her honey pot, a pair of bright green eyes full of lust and enjoyment met and locked onto hers as she watched Sandy suck her sensitive swollen nub between her soft lips.

She looked up and saw Jezebel lowering herself down on her face. She reached up with her tongue and as she tasted Jezebel's wet folds she immediately gasped in pleasure at the taste. She arched her back, grinding her pussy against Sandy's tongue as she quenched the blonde's thirst with her honey. She had tasted women before, but Jezebel's juice was pure liquid orgasm.

A shock of pleasure burst through her as she heard Sandy say, "Mmmm, my Jezebel has turned you into a little slut hasn't she. You taste so good slut, cum for me again. Fill my greedy mouth with your hot slut juice."

She came again on Sandy's tongue surprised how turned on she was at being called a slut. But she focused and worked through it. She was dying to taste Jezebel's honey cum. If just a lick of her damp pussy had such a huge effect on her, she couldn't wait to be drenched under Jezebel's waterfall of pleasure. She worked it hard her lips and tongue attacking Jezebel's clit. She snaked a finger inside, then two. 

She heard Jezebel moan out, "Oh god yes, finger fuck my needy pussy, lick that clit. Harder, fuck me harder."

She did as she was asked and started pushing her fingers in hard and fast while sucking, nibbling, biting and licking her swollen nub. On a freak thought she didn't know where it would have come from, she lifted her other hand and slapped Jezebel's perfect round tits and engorged nipples. When she slapped the other one Jezebel pushed down hard on her face and started squirting honey into her mouth, down her chin and onto her neck.

She then felt Sandy slap her pussy hard right as she was starting to orgasm. To her surprise, despite the intense sting it actually raised her orgasm to a more intense level as her body shook with pleasure. Apparently not only was she a slut for these two but she was a pain freak as well. She smiled at the thought as she swallowed down Jezebel's juices, digging in teacher's pussy with her tongue to root some more out.

When Jezebel dismounted she reached up and pulled Jezebel down to her by the hair, roughly, and started to kiss her. Then she whispered in Jezebel's ear.

=====================================================

Damn, this Gina is wild, even she doesn't know how much. Sandy had been reading her all night pretty much, at first out of paranoia, the last thing Jezebel needed tonight was a spy or worse complicating things. Once she figured out she was just a normal eighteen year old woman she had been fascinated by the girls thought monologue, she was a lusty little thing, and fucking hot with that long red hair, generous body built for rough pleasure and those hazel eyes showed her every thought.

She had hoped when she started talking dirty Gina would like it, she hadn't been positive because the girl never had it done to her before. She was definitely the type though, the hot little slut she was. Oh, there was a good woman in there too, but that's not what tonight was about. She gasped when she read what Gina was whispering into Jezebel's ear and when she looked up she saw two evil grins, obviously in cahoots. She shrieked and jumped up but they caught her and held her down.

Speaking of sluts, when she felt them hold her down and each take one of her nipples in their mouths she pushed up her breasts, mashing them against their faces. A sigh of pleasure from her escaped her mouth as they sucked on her teats. Gina might be a slut but she is a generous one. What she had whispered to Jezebel was that Sandy hadn't cum yet when she had already gone multiple, so they should see to that. Jezebel of course agreed, the traitor. What happened to tag teaming the young nubile woman?

At least Jezebel couldn't cheat with a humaaaaaaaahhh, "mnnngghghhhhhhhhhHHH," she exploded as Jezebel slammed her sensitive nub with a shot of succubus energy. So not fair!

She moaned out, "Oh Gina, don't stop, lick my pussy, good girl," as she felt Gina start licking between her legs. Gina must have moved down there when she was lost in orgasm. Jezebel kissed her softly as Gina started to work her pussy hard with her not inconsiderable talents. She then watched as Jezebel moved down the bed getting behind Gina.....
