 Chapter 17 -- Vacation!!! 

Sandy did eventually get with Gina a few hours later to explain her concerns, give out her advice, and promised her that they would not lose her number anytime soon, but it would be a few days as they were going on vacation.

Gina had given them both a hug and kiss and left. She noticed that Jezebel was absolutely glowing this morning. She thought there was a good chance she would murder anyone who ruined that mood. Then she giggled at herself, overprotective much?

She had been learning from Cat and studying the stones Cat helped her make. She felt pretty confident she could now transport them just about anywhere without accidentally plopping them in space, or the sun. The one catch is she had to be there first before being able to transport there, it had to do with absorbing all the facts of the area they were going to transport too, such as gravity strength, elevation, and atmospheric pressure. It also depended on their relation to the earth's electromagnetic field and a variety of other conditions.

Regardless if they went somewhere she had never been, well they would have to fly, at least there anyway. She was a both glad and a little disappointed that Daniel and Natalie couldn't come with them. But someone had to stay and mind things while they were gone. 

She was busy packing, using magic. Folding clothes was a good way to work on fine control, plus, she really hated doing that the normal way. Almost as bad as vacuuming. Jez was on the phone talking to Daniel one last time before they left, she finished up packing as Jez hung up the phone and joined her in the bedroom.

=============================

Jez groaned, "Well Dee, some good news and some bad news."

Sandy tilted her head, "What love?"

Jez smiled and said, "Daniel suggested we go down to Jamaica to one of those all inclusive resorts, lots of free alcohol and food, plus swim up bars in the pools, and of course a number of water sports in the crystal clear water. Plus the Arch down there is a young Female angel, relatively young anyway. She is about 250 years old."

Sandy grinned, "That sounds awesome, we can get wasted swimming in our bikinis then go parasailing! What exactly is the bad news?"

Jezebel grimaced, "Apparently I am important, and I will be treated like a 'Head of State' and part of our vacation must be to visit the Arch down there. It's either that or we go somewhere in North America and try to hide from my own Angels for a while...

"The Arches name is Patricia, Daniel just got done briefing me and I am supposed to use her name as an equal."

Making an uncomfortable face she continued, "But umm... You are required to address her by title. At least the first time you meet, it is up to her to lower the protocol level since I am visiting. Still, it might be worth it for the weather and beaches. It's getting Cold here in NY."

Changing the subject she said, "Daniel also told me that the Elven clan with my contract called and verified it was removed with the death of Samuel. So we are good there."

Jezebel shook off the depressed feeling that tried to take hold when thinking about early yesterday. Instead she focused on how fun last night had been with Gina. She loved setting humans on the sexual path they were meant to walk, destroying their self built suppression of their natural inclinations due to societies prejudice. That her love Sandy enjoyed it as much was a gift.

She smiled at Sandy and said, "Natalie said there would be reservations in our name at the ticket counter for Jamaican air at JFK, are we packed already?"

When she saw Sandy nod she said sultrily, voice dripping with the promise of pleasure, "We still have two hours before the limo Nat set up picks us up for the airport..."

===============================

Jez smiled as they pulled into the hotel in the shuttle for the resort. The flight had actually been fun, Jamaican air a little more friendly then other airlines, with their exotic dress and speech. The hotel was gorgeous. She also counted about 5 full bars on the way to the rooms, one set up next to a hot tub of all things. 

She couldn't wait for later tonight when the bars and parties would start. Before the parties however they were expecting a limo to pick them up shortly for this evening, for a dinner with the local Arch. Daniel had assured her this Arch was nothing like the stuffy lazy ass she had met and fought with in California. She couldn't help but be a little nervous anyway.

They got out some nice sundresses, and some low heeled shoes, and did their makeup. The dress code was more relaxed here apparently, so no cocktail dresses required. Despite the simple dress Sandy looked stunning and if Sandy's eyes were any judge so did she.

They headed out when it was time, the limo driver a pixie blonde angel with a smile on her face holding a sign that had her name on it. She actually did a double take, a smiling angel? Intrigued she walked over to meet this cute petite Angel and before she could say hi....

"Arch Andrews, a pleasure to greet you and your companion Sandy," she said her smile widening as she opened the back door for them, "Please get comfortable, fix yourself a drink. It's a fifteen minute drive to the Arch's compound."

Bemused they got into the limousine. Jezebel fixed them a couple of crown and cokes as the driver got in and headed off. Curiously she opened a silver cigarette case that was next to the scotch. Her nose was filled with the smell of marijuana. She giggled as she realized this must be the mysterious source of their driver's smile and lack of the normal Angel uptightness. 

For a second she wished it was legal in the US, her Angels really needed to loosen up a bit.

They finished sipping their drinks down as they pulled into a large compound with high walls. It was beautifully maintained with bushes and trees. There was also a gazebo in the middle of a flower garden surrounded by 3 fountains. There was a nearby pool and she saw a beautiful woman with a deep tan lying on a poolside reclining chair.

She had long brown hair which was unusual for an Angel, most of them being blonde. Her eyes were also not the usual ocean blue but a lighter azure green. Her eyes twinkled as she looked up and the driver introduced her.

"Arch Andrews, may I present you to Arch Patricia Rosado."

The look on Patricia's face was inscrutable as the driver walked over and stood by her side, making it apparent that she was not a simple chauffeur.

Jezebel inclined her head and said, "Patricia, a pleasure to meet you."

Sandy bowed a bit and said respectfully, "Arch, a pleasure for me as well."

Jezebel waited, watching Patricia's unreadable face as the silence stretched into seconds. Then Patricia's transformed and burst into a smile as she started laughing.

"Next time I talk to Daniel on the phone I will yell at him for you, yes?

"He has been down here many times and knows we do not stand on the ridiculous ceremony that most Arch's do. Here in my province we are more relaxed, please, you must both call me Trisha. This is Rose my second. And it is a pleasure to meet you both for me as well."

Jezebel opened her mouth, then closed it. After briefly considering killing her second and lover, she started to giggle and said, "That ass, Ill fix him too," with a wink and a twinkle in her eyes.

"Please, call me Jez and this is Sandy."

Patricia rose and said, "Shall we eat?"

She guided them around a winding path to the back of the mansion, passing many small pools and gardens. When they reached the back there was about 50 angels, all in shorts and t-shirts. There were also servants who were dressed down, but all in the same color black shorts and green shirts. They were cooking up steaks, burgers, hot dogs and chicken on a large outdoor brick barbeque.

Jezebel also noticed there was two full bars set up and about 5 circles of a few angels each passing a joint around the circle. 

She thought about her stuffy Angels that looked like they carried poles in their asses and was just left speechless.

Trisha giggled at the look on Jezebel's face and said, "Yes, when I took over this area from the last Arch, all my Angels too looked like they had been sucking a lemon for the last millennium. As you can see over the last 40 years or so I have been trying to get them to have actual fun. I think I did well, did I not?"

Jezebel just nodded in amazement, wondering what she could do up North to better the lives of her Angels, she had never considered before that she could improve things in this way. The pot was out, but not the lowering of protocol, the parties, or the alcohol. Maybe Sandy would be willing to make a crap load of those pleasure rings for Angels. That would help a lot she thought.

Then something she never thought she would see happened. A large demon, he must have been 6'7", walked into the back yard down the path... And all the Angels cheered and called out Bobby and whooped. It was a surreal moment. Angels were actually cheering a Demon's arrival. No stone faces, no looks of arrogance or disgust.

Jezebel looked questioningly at the demon then at Patricia.

Patricia winked at her and said, "Delivery, he has all the marijuana contacts. We just recently ran out of stock, I knew the purge was coming so we bought extra for a whole year." Grinning impishly she continued, "I also told Bobby who passed the word, there wasn't a demon left on my island the day the purge started. That wouldn't work for you, North America is so big, but for a relatively small island it's a perfect solution."

She looked back over and the large Demon was indeed carrying a small box, she watched as Rose danced over to him and handed over a wad of cash as she took the box. 

They completely forgot about their plans back at the resort and stayed in the compound, got wasted and just had a ton of fun. She noted a couple of more Demons showed up as well as Bobby staying and getting drunk and stoned with the Angels. There were no fights.

Jezebel snickered at the thought that apparently all you needed to create peace between Angels and Demons was a big bag of pot and a wild party. The only thing missing were the drunken couples pairing off and disappearing into the house, or one of the gardens, like a human or demon party would have. Except of course for her and Sandy, who were observed slipping away from the party around 1am, disappearing into the grounds for several hours that night...

==========================

First thing after they woke up in a guest room they jumped in the shower. Jezebel pushed Sandy against the wall of the shower, her breasts pressed against the cold tile. Jezebel's nipples got hard, grinding and being mashed against Sandy's back. She moaned in Sandy's ear and started to nibble her neck. She had all the leverage as Sandy was helpless, her head turned and the side of her face pushed against the tile. She heard Sandy whimper and felt Sandy's nipples harden and tighten against the cold tile.

Jezebel turned on the hot water which stimulated both of their bodies as she kissed down Sandy's back and traced her hourglass figure down both sides with her fingernails. She heard Sandy's gasp as she started to kiss down her lower back and down her ass crack, rivulets of hot water running by her lips as she sampled Sandy's succulent body.

She let out a lusty moan as she tasted Sandy's puckered star while running her hands down the outside of her legs, and back up on the inside. She started to tease Sandy's swollen core with fingertips as she explored her dark hole with an impossibly long tongue. Every twitch, moan and gasp she pulled from Sandy made her pussy wetter, her juice mixing with the flow of water caressing her whole body and running down her inner thighs.

Jezebel felt whole as she pleasured her sexy Witch. She lengthened and thickened her fingers slightly as she invaded Sandy's warmth with her fingers. Her pussy tingled and tightened when Sandy arched her back and pushed her luscious ass hard into her face, causing her tongue to dig deeper in the depths of her ass as Sandy grinded down on her enhanced fingers.

Jezebel moaned in satisfaction as she heard Sandy's scream of ecstasy and felt honey gush around her fingers and then down her arm. She was so close to cumming herself, always so turned on by pleasuring Sandy, she simply reached down with her other hand and thumped her clit hard with a finger flick that made her cry out. Her gasp of pleasure was muffled by Sandy's ass, her tongue caught in Sandy's sphincter by a vice like grip.

Both temporarily sated they started to soap each other up and clean their partner's body. She decadently enjoyed herself as she cleaned her lover while feeling Sandy's hands all over her own body returning the favor. 

When they finished rinsing off Jez went to step out of the shower but suddenly started to float up in the air instead. 

She heard Sandy whisper in her ear seductively, her lover's breath teasing her neck causing it to tingle, "Where do you think you're going demon? It's my turn to taste your succulent bottom."

The she felt her pushed up against the wall and couldn't move. Despite the fact her tits were mashed against the tile and her nipples were hidden underneath she felt Sandy's magic start to manipulate her nipples at the same time the sexy blonde's tongue teased her rim...

=====================

Sandy was pleased with herself. She had finally come out on top as Jezebel's body had yielded in ecstasy against her tongue and roaming magic at least 4 times before she let the succubus go. To be fair Jezebel had not been in a position to return the favor as she had been held tightly within her magic. She had only given Jezebel the leeway to arch her back and squirm as Sandy pleasured her body. She had smirked at jezebel's dazed look as she finally let her lover down off the wall.

She kissed Jezebel thoroughly before they left the shower. They got dressed in bikinis and a pair of shorts, throwing on sunglasses they headed for the back yard. They planned to head back to the resort for some diving and maybe parasailing and wondered if they should just come back here tonight again. 

Sandy was leery of the serious look on Patricia and Rose's faces as they walked back to the large pool area. Her Witch senses were twitching, something important and far reaching was going to happen, she just didn't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing yet. There were only 3 other Angels there, probably what comprised Patricia's inner circle of advisors.

Patricia said distastefully, "I am sorry I must bring this up during your vacation, I know you recently destroyed a Demon named Samuel who was out to kill you. You know why that was, yes?"

Sandy watched as Jezebel wilted and said in a low voice, "No, he just kept saying I had to die, I have no idea why, except he was worried about how powerful I might become. I don't really understand that though, he was really strong, I only beat him because he went insane there at the end and I had the help of a few others."

Patricia nodded. "I think the ones around you, some must know. They hold it secret, because it is not a sure thing, only suspected. It is out there now though, the last thing Samuel did before he attacked you was spread the rumors of what he believed. We test no? Find out what is truth, what is just born of fear."

Jezebel asked, "I still don't understand, what rumors?"

Patricia sighed. "Your family should not hide things from you. It only cause more problems in the end, no help. Samuel believed that you were more powerful than any other Arch, not only that but that you could over ride the commands of our superiors. That you were in fact above them because of what you are."

Jezebel said, "But, Daniel said with the last Arches power and my Angel and Demon sides in balance I could be ordered and give or..."

Patricia shook her head and cut her off, "Guesses, that appeared to prove out, but then you haven't been ordered yet by the other side, or even an equal to see the results. Daniel believed that equalizing your sides meant the Demon side stopped suppressing your Angel powers, and that's all."

Jezebel nodded in agreement not saying anything. Sandy reached out and took her hand and squeezed it as Patricia continued.

"Samuel believed that once your powers were equaled they would feed each other, support each other in harmony, not just ignore and let the other be. That you are not two separate beings with two separate powers but one unique being in balance, with twice the power of any other Demon or Angel."

Jezebel reluctantly asked, "So how do we test that?"

Patricia laid it out, "Well there is no way to know for sure the results of a confrontation of wills between you and a leader from the home plane, but for us it is simple. We should both feel the urge to obey the other, but be able to fight it off. As Arch's we should be around the same power. All we must do is command each other, and be honest on how hard we had to fight the order off."

She made a suggestion, "Trisha, I can gauge that struggle, I can also feed the knowledge and feelings to your second. I know Jezebel wouldn't deceive, but that should prove it rather decisively shouldn't it?"

Patricia nodded to Rose in assent, so she walked over and took Rose's hand and started to channel her Witch perceptions of the powers in both Trisha and Jez. She had a bad feeling that Samuel was right, not about jezebel needing to die of course, but that Jezebel had the power he had feared she did.

She and Rose watched as Trish ordered Jezebel to bow. Both their jaws dropped open as they saw Jezebel's succubus mesmerizing power actually coat and cover her command power, which was both the transmitter and receiver of orders, and manipulate that command power not to listen. They watched as Jezebel easily and simply ignored the order without effort. 

It found no purchase on Jezebel's power, sliding harmlessly over and away from her mesmerizing power. It was also apparent that Jezebel was not consciously using her Demon powers to do this. It was automatic, her subconscious working to protect her free will. Although it was without effort on her part consciously it did take some of her stored life energy away. 

Presumably when she was tapped out there would be a struggle to resist, but that would require capturing her and wearing away at her storehouse of energy.

After reporting the results they tried the reverse and Jezebel ordered Patricia to kneel. Although no demonic power assisted directly, Angels only had a reservoir of power, once it was exhausted they had to rest or meditate to recharge from their souls. 

Jezebel had an extra reservoir though. From her succubus feeding she had all that extra life force to burn in addition to what was normally generated. That extra fed and increased the power behind Jezebel's command incrementally until a now sweating and out of breath Patricia was on her knees.

Sandy heard Jezebel mutter, "Oh fuck me, this is bad."

*

Author's Note: Hope you're enjoying the story, this is the end of what I would consider book one, although at just 67k words some might consider it to fall short of that description. For me it's just a breaking point in the story, the next chapter will be 18 on the site, so you all probably won't even notice. 