 Chapter 18 – Start of a revolution!



Jezebel watched as Patricia, the Arch of Jamaica, dropped to her knees, sweating in an obvious struggle to resist her command.

She muttered under her breath, "Oh fuck me, this is bad."

She released her command and waited, expecting to be attacked, again. Even here in Angel party central. She was shocked when Patricia, Rose and the other gathered Angels smiled, they looked excited and filled with hope. She raised an eyebrow in questioning confusion. This wasn't the reaction she expected.

Patricia said, "Oh, this is wonderful."

It's wonderful that she can probably order all the Arches on earth? Now she was even more confused...

Patricia hugged her, then said, "Oh, I know what you were thinking, a lot of Angels and Demons will be freaked out when they find out, but not me."

Jezebel said slowly, "I... Am glad you aren't going to attack me, just not quite sure why. Everyone else does when they think I am a threat."

Patricia nodded. "Those beings are short sighted, we are not prejudiced against Demons, that's one of the reasons we warn them and they go into hiding somewhere during the purge. We, meaning the five of us here, hate our masters on the Angelic plane. They are lazy, preferring simple attempts at exterminating a large population every half century instead of actually working on the problem."

"You may be part demon, but that doesn't bother us. In fact after spending a short time with you it is obvious you are a sensual creature, one who would much rather be involved in pleasurable pursuits, not in ruling this plane. I am not afraid of you abusing the power you hold over me, in fact I trust you much more than the Angels who already do hold us under their sway."

Jezebel asked, "Oh, well how does that help?"

She didn't see the connection yet, but she had a feeling she wouldn't like it. She waited while Patricia gathered her thoughts.

Patricia asked, "How do you feel about the purge?"

Jezebel answered without thinking she had long ago come to this conclusion and contempt dripped from her voice, "It's stupid and barbaric, a waste of life to accomplish something that could be worked out with a little foresight and diplomacy between Angels and Demons."

Patricia smiled and nodded, "Now what happens in 50 years when they order it done, and they can't even make you pick your nose, much less force you to attempt genocide. Will that be enough for you? To only save the Demons in North America?

"Then they will also order the other Arch-Angels around the world to kill you, they will not tolerate someone in power they cannot control."

Jezebel sighed. It didn't paint a good picture. She assumed however that Patricia had a point so she continued to listen.

"We know you don't want to rule all of us, but what happens if say, you order all the Arch-Angels to ignore any commands to kill you or launch a purge. You wouldn't be controlling us all, just letting us have free will in regards to that. 

"Take it a step further, you could order us to ignore all orders, and over ride any control they hold over us in this dimension. We could govern ourselves, separate from them. Oh they would respond, but honestly what could they do about it? Then we could get with the Demons and make our own rules, our own government. Focus on taking down the rule breakers, and enforcing peace with humanity, instead of pointlessly killing those who just want to live in peace."

Jezebel thought about that for a second, then said, "You are right, I don't want to control people, or rule the world. I just want to be who I am, a succubus that enjoys pleasure and pleasing others. I want my own little corner of the world to live in with Dee and my family and friends. But it doesn't look like I can get that.

"And you are right about what I would do, I would love to free the race as a whole, but not all Arch-Angels will trust me as you do, and will probably try and kill me. And what happens when one starts treating their people like chattel? I would be responsible to stop that from happening, hopefully with some consensus between us all, but ultimately it would be me as the enforcer."

Jezebel shuddered at the thought, but wondered if she truly had a choice, she could not justify letting so many die just to be selfish and live out of the way of everyone. Her conscious would not allow it, but what or who could keep her out of trouble and prevent her from abusing her power. Sandy could, for a time. She could understand now both Samuel's point of view and Patricia's. She could be a nightmare over time.

Patricia nodded. "It will not be easy, first we will have to organize here in this dimension, even remove some of the Arch-Angels who would prefer to stay under the yoke of our dimension, rather than chance following a half demon. Building a government of our own will be a lot of work as well, most enjoy just doing what they want, passing on orders when they have to. 

"Sadly unlike you they would rather let countless Demons and Angels die than put forth the effort to lift their hand. The truth is it would be a revolution, and some will die, but in the long run, a whole lot less than the status quo. Unless you control the ones that disagree, but that is a slippery slope, better to end them and let someone else take the power.

"It's a thin line to walk... Either way I will willingly follow your lead. I am more... Ambitious than you are. Once we have a handle here, hopefully before the home dimension notices, we can plan a defense. Also we need to keep you safe, everything will fail if something happens to you."

Jezebel's mind was reeling. It seemed like the difference between doing nothing and allowing the evil to continue, or stopping it only to commit her own brand of evil. Granted less so then what was going on, but what was going on was not really her fault or responsibility. If she took these steps she would then be responsible for what followed.

She would also be responsible for saving perhaps millions of lives over her lifetime, which would definitely lessen the burden of any lives lost under her. She felt Sandy grab her hand and squeeze it. She knew her Witch would always have her back.

Jezebel shook her head, then asked, "So what should be the first step do you think?"

Patricia said, "Without free will we won't know who stands where, I would suggest you order everyone to ignore any orders from the Angelic dimension, thus freeing them from purge requirements. It would also free them to do any number of horrific things, such as taking over a government, or mistreating the Angels they are entrusted with.

"We would need to keep a close eye on them. Replace anyone that went too far, or that comes after you in fear that you will just take over. Free will doesn't give them the right to come for you, or make slaves of others. We will have the responsibility to stop that behavior cold."

Jezebel needed to think on it, it was a huge step. In essence she would be declaring war on the head Angels in the Angelic dimension and making herself a target for greedy evil Angels that were in a position of power here. It could lead to civil war here, or perhaps worse, bleed into the world of humans and start a war there as well. She would have no choice but to give orders to stop them and become exactly what they would fear of her. She didn't think it would come down to that but...

What if she could save lives by ordering a few Arch-Angels to cut it out and avoid a civil war? No, using her powers to free them from the home dimension was a good use of it. Using it to change minds here to make her life easier, even to save lives, was still wrong. She steeled herself to it, but she still wasn't ready. She wasn't expecting this to happen when she left for vacation. 

She was supposed to be escaping the responsibility of real life for a week or two, not gaining responsibility for two whole races on the damn planet. But would her ideals let her do any less? She would think on it, the last purge just ended, a couple of days in thought was not too much to spend when she had close to 50 years to get things right here.

She said, "I need a couple of days to think about it, but I don't see much else I can do with what I know now. A couple of days won't matter considering we have close to 50 years to get ready. Sandy, what do you think?"

Sandy said, "I agree with Trisha, Rose and the rest of them here. Your sense of justice will push you to use your power, because now that you know you can fix these long standing injustices and wanton murders you will do it. It is who you are. Oh, and I'll kill any asshole that even tries to hurt you, painfully and with extreme prejudice."

Sandy smiled when Jezebel got hot at her passionate statement about defending her.

Patricia looked at Sandy and said, "Are you truly that powerful?"

Sandy shook her head and said, "Alone, I do okay, with Jezebel, I am one scary bitch."

Jezebel giggled and said, "She really is, plus, her tongue is pure magic as well. Add in Daniel I don't think there is anything she couldn't do."

Jezebel said, "I think it's time to go have some fun, I really think we will go forward with it but I have learned too many shocking things and new ideas this morning. I need to let it percolate, make sure we aren't missing anything obvious, before I start both a civil war here and a rebellion against the home dimension. Sandy is powerful but that won't matter if she doesn't see it coming, let's not be overconfident and rush things."

Patricia nodded. "Sounds good, I will contact a few friends though, let them know what we suspected is true. They can start some things rolling that will take time to come to fruition. Rose can take you back if you're ready to go. Water sports can be fun, and this is your vacation, I just didn't know if we would have a chance to talk later."

Giggling Jezebel said, "That's actually why we came back down, wanted to know if we should come back tonight or if nothing was going on we would stay at the resort."

"Come back tomorrow, tonight is a rest night, if I don't schedule one every once in a while all my Angel's become completely useless. But come back tomorrow."

Rose drove them back to the resort, this time taking a Mercedes sedan instead of a limo, about halfway back Rose started talking.

"So, I heard another rumor... Apparently some NY Angels are... Physically active? If you know what I mean?"

Sandy said, "Why yes, that's a rumor already? Angels gossip worse than old maids in a bingo parlor."

Rose smiled and nodded, "Yes, we do. So umm, how is that possible?"

Sandy winked and said, "Magic, would you like to try it?"

Rose looked unsure but said, "I am extremely curious, it seems like it should be disgusting, but all the other races can't be wrong, can they?"

Sandy giggled. "No, they really can't. Give me a second when we pull in."

Jezebel watched Sandy jump out of the car and grab a couple of small stones off the ground and get back in the car. It took just seconds, what had taken her hours and hours to create the first time. Not to mention the transmutation, she didn't even know that was possible. Right before her eyes the two rocks turned to gold, and then she shaped them into two rings. They glowed brightly with power a few seconds later and that apparently was all it took.

Sandy handed the rings to Rose and said with an amused twinkle in her eyes, "Wear one and put the other on Trisha's finger, then go ahead and kiss her. I think you will figure out what to do from there."

Rose had a fascinated look on her face and said, "Thanks, I can't wait to give it a try. But why Trisha?"

Sandy snickered, "It helps if you like someone when you do that, I could tell you two are close, it will make it better, trust me. Otherwise we would drag you off right now. We may tomorrow anyway if you and Trisha want to, so keep that in mind." Sandy winked.

She and Sandy headed in and just stayed dressed in their bikinis, Jez looked sinful in her dark red bikini and Sandy's blue looked hot. They went snorkeling for a while out by some reefs, then signed up for parasailing after that and drank some beer waiting for their turn. Jezebel had a ball but was a little nervous about the height. Sandy of course could fly, so she wasn't worried at all.

They were surprised when their turn came up and Bobby the tall muscular pot dealing demon was driving the boat. He was very laid back and friendly for a powerful demon, this island was like another world. Of course he would almost have to be dealing with tourists all day long. It turned out to be his legitimate business, and separate from the actual resort.

Jezebel noticed he kept eyeing her, when Sandy was up and flying leaving the two of them alone on the boat she said, "What's up, you look like you have something you want to ask me?"

Bobby says, "Oh, don't know if what I want involves talkin'"

Jezebel raises an eyebrow. Opening her senses the feeling of lust toward her and Sandy are overwhelming. It's been a while since she had a lusty demon in her and her nipples tightened. She saw Bobby smile when he noticed.

She asks, "So when you get off? Of work I mean." She winks.

Snorting he says, "Seven is when I stop doing this, you and that hot thing gonna be around here later?"

She grins impishly and says, "Maybe, you'll have to come see if you can find us."

He replies, "Count on it baby."

================================================

She cried out, "Oh FUCK yeah, slap my dirty ass."

After parasailing they had headed off to dinner, and with Sandy's link Jezebel knew the blonde was also looking forward to later. They ate dinner and went to a bar close to where a Reggae band was playing and put down a few crown and cokes before Bobby had swaggered in. 

It didn't take long for them to retire to the little shack they had overlooking the ocean in the more expensive part of the resort. There were perks to being Arch after all. She didn't care much but Natalie had made the reservations and she sure as hell didn't mind it right now.

She felt her ass get slapped again, hard, driving her face into Sandy's sweet silken folds, her tongue lightly parting them. Bobby was really plowing her hard from behind, her ass stung and her pussy stretched out around his big tool as he drove back into her. Jezebel gasped when she felt his balls smack into her clit.

The one other advantage to fucking another demon is she didn't have to hide what she was. Her tongue was forked and about 4 inches long after the split, she had one teasing Sandy's pussy while the other was delving the depths of her dark cave. Jezebel was in heaven, tasting both of Sandy's holes at the same time while getting her pussy stuffed from behind.

As she felt him start to swell within her she quickly grew a thin prehensile tail and snaked it around his body, pierced his dark hole and started to massage his prostrate as her pussy trapped and sucked in his manhood. She came hard as she milked his cock and he spanked her again which intensified and lengthened her orgasm. 

Sandy started to spurt on her tongue and face and into her mouth as Jezebel's cry of ecstasy vibrated against her clit. They didn't exactly come together but it was like a row of dominos, one throwing the next over the edge. 

Jezebel pushed her body back against Bobby then leaned forward allowing him to fall out. She immediately turned and took his manhood into her mouth while feeding it a small amount of life energy causing him to instantly revitalize in her mouth while she sucked him to hardness. 

When she saw him look down questioningly she rolled her eyes to Sandy, who was still recovering from a series of intense orgasms due to a combination of Jezebel's technique, shape shifting and sparks of succubus power.

==================================

Sandy's first coherent thought was Jezebel must be a goddess. No angel or succubus could make her cum so well, hard or often. Her second thought as her vision returned to focus was oh my god that dick is huge. As she watched Bobby line up his 10 inch penis, half in anticipation, half in fear she mewled in a needy begging sound. The effect of that was electric on the demon as he pushed her knees up and over, folding her in half, and pushed between Sandy's velvety folds into her tight wet hot honey pot.

She gasped at his girth and length as he slowly filled her up, her eyes rolled up in the back of her head as shocks of pleasure spread from her core which wrapped his tool in her tight wet warmth. They gasped together as he bottomed out inside her, his stomach putting pressure on her clit as his balls swung forward to hit the bottom of her ass cheeks.

She felt Jezebel lowering her honey pot onto her face. The feeling of fullness in her center and the taste of Jezebel's juice combined immediately launched Sandy into another orgasm. She mewled into her lovers sensitive labia then sucked in her nub and bit it hard.

========================================================

Bobby had no idea what to think of Jezebel when they first met, he had heard the rumors same as everyone else, she is a succubus but didn't just cruelly take life and pleasure from victims, she apparently gave pleasure as well, loved doing so in fact from what he had heard. She had also inexplicably fallen in love, and with a Witch of all things. He figured she was just strange, chalked it up to her being half angel.

But when he met her, my god she was gorgeous, sultry, sexy, and she pulled it all together with an effortless grace, you could tell she didn't even have to try. Sandy was something to, he had never met anyone that positive in his life, she always had a smile on her face, and you could tell it wasn't a fake pod people smile like those idiots who tried to project a happy face all the time.

It also didn't hurt that Sandy was entirely hot as well, when in the mood her eyes spoke volumes and when he looked into her eyes while slamming his 10 inches into her she looked back in lust and pleasure of her own. Of course as a demon he could shape shift, he settled on 10 because he didn't want to be grotesque, or actually hurt anyone with it, well, not to badly anyway, he wanted it to feel good for them too.

But when he started railing Jezebel earlier he felt her hook into his lust and thought all the rumors were bullshit, expected to be sucked dry and left unconscious. To his surprise she only used the link to increase and extend their pleasure, yes, she took some but to do what she was doing that was unavoidable. She also didn't look like she was struggling to hold back from ripping life out, like it was natural for her to be giving instead of taking.

But nothing shocked him more than when she took him in her mouth after orgasm and actually fed him energy, it was... bizarre. Fucking incredible and the best he has ever had in the sack, but still weird. Not to say all succubae were cruel bitches, they weren't, some made sure their partner had a lot of pleasure before they stole their energy and left them drooling and unable to move. But he knew no one else would have given back energy, or wasted it to grow a tail to milk his prostrate.

He leaned his head back and moaned loudly as Sandy's incredibly tight pussy was milking his cock for the third time, he desperately wanted to hold out and give her another orgasm first but couldn't hold it. Then he felt something grab his nut sack and pull down fairly hard, denying his explosion. Looking down he saw both her hands were reaching straight up to Jezebel's nipples, teasing and twisting them hard.

Had the Witch read his mind and used power to stop his orgasm? He wondered as he continued to plunder her tight core, he reached down and twisted her nipples. And saw her give him the thumbs up, holy shit, she did read his mind. Well fuck it, he didn't care if she knew how amazing he thought they both were in bed and out. 
