 Chapter 21 – Just the facts ma'am.

Sandy was nervous. She was in the lobby of the government building in Manhattan. It was a pretty normal day at college when they had been stopped by two men when they were leaving. Agent Jones identified himself and she almost gasped when she saw his ID was for the NSA. They said they had to go with them to Manhattan to have a conversation with a higher placed head agent.

When Jezebel asked what it was about the agent said something even scarier, "Don't know ma'am, I don't have the clearance to know." 

So yes, Sandy was nervous. But even nerves can only last so long and she felt herself staring outside the window of the lobby and saw a cute old couple go by.

She wondered what it would be like when she was older, and Jezebel still looked in her low twenties. Well, maybe she could figure out what Cat does and make herself younger looki.... 

Sandy gasped in understanding. She had swallowed the lie that was only half a lie, and now she knew what it was. Cat had said the proof was sitting in front of her. She had meant the fact that Cat had looked about nineteen years old at the time.

Witches can only live 300 years or so, unless they figure out how to control their age! It should have been obvious. It is a part of nature after all, aging. And she understood why some couldn't do it. She would need to be able to revitalize her own DNA, which would be... Hard. But she knew she could do it, eventually. So maybe the only way she will have to leave Jezebel is if she is killed.

She got nervous again however when the guard was looking suspiciously at her happy and stunned expression. She couldn't help it, a nervous giggle popped out of her mouth. It's not every day you find out you are effectively immortal if no one kills you either by accident or murder. 

Especially in a federal building. Assuming of course she can work out how to do it. It's not something you can experiment with. You either get it right or die trying when your DNA unravels she imagined. She went back to watching the people pass by. Finally about an hour later Jezebel came out, she looked shell shocked. Of course Sandy knew exactly what happened behind the doors.

The guard brought her into the back after she gave Jezebel a quick kiss and told her not to worry. She waited patiently for the head agent to come in the room. Currently he was studying her from behind the glass. He wasn't a nice man but he was about protecting his country. They knew about all of us, and they knew the Angels were up to something, which Jezebel confirmed for him. The bastard threatened to "inconvenience" Sandy if Jezebel didn't capitulate.

Apparently they just want to make sure the supernatural races aren't going to make a play to take over. Sandy also knew they were completely safe from the NSA. They knew that we were proponents of leaving humans alone, this was simply about making sure we were motivated to continue doing so and to make sure we handle the ones like Gregor who want to take over.

Once she had a good handle on him she tucked the hair she had picked up on her way in the room into her bra against her skin so she could keep reading him. She wasn't happy about his bullying and knew he would come in here strong. Way to treat the ones on your side asshole. His name was William, but his sister called him Billy, if he gets to out of hand she will play her hand, part of it anyway.

She was getting bored so she rolled her eyes at the two way mirror giving him the impatience he was waiting for before joining her. She felt the asshole snicker, but he did get up and head around to the door of the room she was in. She did realize this would be a dance, if she pushed back too hard they would go after them and damn the consequences. If she didn't push back hard enough the government wouldn't comprehend the consequences well enough to not attack.

She took a deep breath and got ready to dance as the door opened and the stone faced agent walked in.

His voice intimidating he said, "Miss Price, I am agent Jim Thompson, we have some questions for you and you need to be honest. No games."

She knew course head agent Jim Thompson was just an alias to protect his family with a white washed background. His real name was William Koon or she thought again, Billy to his sister.

She gave him a vapid smile and said, "Nice to meet you head agent. Yes, you know what and who we are. Yes, you are here to make sure the United States isn't hurt by our little super natural rebellion. No, we are insuring we keep the community in check from attacking or trying to take over humans. 

"Finally, if you do take us out that would be bad, since we are on your side. With the other dimension unable to give orders here anymore, well, things would fall apart and humans would be dragged in without a doubt."

She grinned at his shocked look, "Was there anything else?"

He sat down heavily and asked, "Without a doubt?"

Sandy nodded, "Most of the Angels in charge would just leave humans alone, but a handful wouldn't. Then if they had control over a human military, well, they would see that as an opportunity to take more power and drag in other countries to the fight. Could very well end up in a world war. That is worst case of course. Point is, they are all afraid of Jezebel, if she as the deterrent were to be removed... Well you see where I am going.

"She may have helped form a council to create the laws and guidelines because she doesn't want to be a despot. But as far as the point of view of those that would disobey the council, she is the teethe of the law, the enforcer of it. No one else has the power to back up the rules. They would not quibble over ignoring the rest of the council at all."

Sandy frowns slightly, "Oh, by the way, she is technically a Head of State in our world. It would be nice if in the future you just came by the mansion if you have any questions in the future."

He frowns at her and nods. "I will be in touch, and no I am not going to ask how you knew all my questions before I even walked in."

She smiled as he walked her out, completely satisfied that she had controlled the situation. She was happy she didn't have to make any threats. He didn't so she didn't either. It would have been counterproductive. Of course she knew that a team of people would be going over the video and audio and they would drop by later with more questions, but so far so good.

==================================

Jezebel was quite a bit calmer. The NSA thing had been freaking her out, but Sandy had settled the knowledge she needed into her mind and she was feeling much calmer. She smiled at Sandy when she came walking out. She managed to look accepting and nod instead of dropping her mouth open when he apologized at the treatment and said if he had further questions he would stop by her residence.

Sandy looked so calm and self assured in the face of this morning that Jezebel couldn't help but be turned on. Her Witch's confidence was so damn sexy. When the agent asked if she needed a ride back to the college he looked surprised when Sandy told him no and dragged her into the bathroom and popped open a portal to the apartment. Let him figure that one out!

They were running late for their next class so they quickly got changed into fresh clothes. Sandy smiled at her disappointed look, she wanted some time to worship Sandy's body and they didn't have any right now. Sandy knowing her longing thoughts made it worse. It didn't embarrass her it just turned her on more.

Despite her dressed down appearance she radiated sexual energy that she found hard to control, so once again she was teaching a class with half of them looking at her with lust filled eyes. She found her eyes being drawn quite a bit to Gina. She was wearing a tight miniskirt, her pink panties in view to only her. Her tight shirt left little to the imagination and Jezebel had to concentrate hard to keep her place in the lecture.

======================================

Gina wanted to rip her clothes off right there and go down on Jezebel in front of class. Jezebel was dressed dowdily, downplaying her assets, but somehow Jezebel was driving her crazy anyway and she didn't understand it. She had taken Sandy's advice to heart. She knew she was a submissive. The more she was taken control of physically and verbally the hotter it got her.

Her first encounter, post what she started thinking of as her Jezandy experience, with a partner willing to treat her as a sexually submissive slave was a failure. The guy was great, and he tried, but she just didn't feel the dominance off of him at all, despite what he was saying to her. She could tell he was uncomfortable with it.

She still got off, multiple times, sex is sex and she didn't hate normal sex after all. But she didn't cross over into that wanton place in her mind where she surrendered her body and mind to it and the orgasms were middle of the road in intensity. 

She knew it would be hard to find someone that was both dominant but still cared about her and wasn't just into abusing and humiliating woman. She was after a wanton sexual surrender to dominating strength, not base degradation. 

While there was not much of a difference between the two in actions during sex, the way she was treated and felt after was miles apart however and knowing that during changed the feel of it in a subtle way, made it feel good and right.

She rubbed her legs together and held back a whimper of need, the thought of Jezebel sneaking those glances at her now soaked panties had her struggling to disguise her heavy breathing. She was dying to get with Jezebel and Sandy again but she thought this was over the top. How was Jezebel doing this to her?

Somehow she made it through the class without everyone realizing there was a wet slut in their midst, although she thought that had more to do with their gaping looks at Jezebel than her ability to hide her highly aroused and flushed state. She almost moaned when she saw her lust reflected in Jezebel's eyes as she walked up. Jezebel nodded slightly and without even speaking to each other she knew where to go.

She walked over to Jezebel's apartment and saw two different big guys this time and they smirked as she walked by. That brought a number of questions to her. Who are they? Why were Jezebel and Sandy able to free her from shame regarding her sexual thoughts so easily? She had always felt like this but wasn't always at peace with it. 

Why would Jezebel turn her on so much when she was dressed so conservatively and looked like a brainy geek instead of a sexual goddess? Despite her questions she still trusted them with her body and obedience so she continued to the apartment, lust undiminished.

Right now she was too hot to care, but she knew she would think on it later. Something wasn't natural about them. That was when another question occurred to her as she noticed Sandy seemed to be waiting for her, how would she know she was coming? Maybe they planned on it today? Sandy was dressed in a tight red leather bustier. 

Her generous breasts confined tightly looking ready to burst out of the encasing leather. Her mistress had a very short red leather skirt on as well. Sandy's silken light blonde hair was up in a severe bun. Her nipples tingled and tightened when Sandy leered up and down her body then spoke.

Sandy demanded, "Strip slut."

She was caught in the stunning Blonde's spell as she started taking her clothes off. Jezebel walked in and started to strip with her, a look of anticipation on her TA's face. She was beyond hot. A strong exhale on her nub right now would launch her into ecstasy. Her body was completely under Sandy's controlling gaze. She took a moment to sniff her scent off the soaked panties before dropping them as she stripped them off.

She marveled at how beautiful these two women were, her questions forgotten as she was filled with lust and anticipation and the need to please them like a good submissive should. The thought made her pussy tingle and contract, pushing out a little of her love juice. She felt its warmth running down her inner thigh.

Gina's breathing became hard and uncontrolled when with a steely look of lust Sandy ordered her to get on her knees and pleasure Jezebel. Since Sandy had left the order vague she decided to show what an obedient slut she was and just what she was willing to do for them. She dropped on her knees behind Jezebel, one arm wrapping around her waist while the other slid between Jezebel's legs and reached for her core.

She licked slowly up Jezebel's ass crack, almost releasing at the taste of the light sheen of sweat on her tongue. She pushed her face between her ass cheeks while pulling it toward her with the arm wrapping around Jezebel. Her moan was muffled and she felt decadent as her tongue tasted Jezebel's rim while her other hand found Jezebel's heat with her fingertips.

Sandy said forcefully, "You are a nasty little slut aren't you? Like the taste of that sweaty delectable ass?"

She moaned in approval and need at Sandy's questions. She felt Jezebel start to quiver on her tongue. The TA was just as much on the edge as she was when walking in the door and took very little time to scream out and grind her sphincter back into her tongue. Her hand was drenched in juice as Jezebel fell to her knees no longer capable of standing. 

She looked up at Sandy for her next order while sucking and licking Jezebel's addictive taste off her hand, moaning around her fingertips. She needed to cum so bad, her pussy swollen and twitching, but waited in anticipation. A good slut doesn't touch herself without permission after all.

Sandy asked, "You need to cum slut?"

She nodded in desperation and said, "Please. So badly."

She saw Sandy nod at Jezebel, then she was transported into rapture as Jezebel slapped her ass hard then pushed down on her sensitive button with one thumb and circled. The orgasm was so intense she almost passed out while struggling to breath. When she came down from her height she was being pulled toward the bedroom by her hair...

When she left 2 hours later, her body humming with satisfaction, she knew she would do anything to have that happen again. Her questions all came flooding back however when she got knowing looks from two more hulking guys standing by the apartment building entrance. The sex was so incredible and she could swear she felt Jezebel's fingers grow inside her a little at one point. She was an extremely well fucked little slut right now though, so she wouldn't think about it anymore until tomorrow, she didn't want to ruin her satiated glow with worries.

============================================

Jezebel was cuddled up against Sandy, her Witch and she was enjoying the after feeling of being thoroughly pleasured for hours. Her sexual frustration from earlier now completely gone at least for the moment. Gina was amazing today, cumming at her least effort and touch combined with Sandy's commands.

Sandy said, "I want her again too, but it's risky. She knows something is different about us, and I am pretty sure she felt you shape shift, even if you were subtle about it. If she wasn't so hot for sex with us she probably would have never come in when seeing those goons outside that guard us."

She nodded slowly then asked, "What do you think? Some humans know about our world, would it hurt her to know? She is a lot of fun, plus I love how she brings out your mistress side, that outfit was so hot I felt like your little sub too. But if it's going to cause problems...?"

Sandy sighed. Her voice thoughtful she answered, "Well, I like Gina too, but is her friendship and adding her unique dimension to our already quite full sex life worth the risk?"

She looked at Sandy with an unrepentant grin without speaking and Sandy groaned ending it with a shake of her head and a quick giggle and nod.

Her answer was quite obviously yes but she said, "Although we shouldn't be the ones to tell her unless she confronts us, no reason to share the secret on a maybe find out."

Sandy said changing the subject, "There is something else I need to tell you honey. I figured out the second lie that I was told. Remember Cat mentioning it the other day?"

Jezebel tilted her head curiously, "OOohhh, what is it? I have been curious myself but couldn't think of anything."

Sandy gave her a hint, "Do you remember she said it was in front of my face. Do you remember how much younger she looks than we do? And she is an old one..."

Jezebel's mouth opened and she said, "Does that mean you can live longer? Control your age? That wasn't just her appearance that was changed?"

Sandy said, "Sort of, it's not like turning a dial, its nature but I have to be specific telling my magic what to do. This would involve tweaking my DNA to say how I looked 5 years ago and in a week or so after I would look 19 again. 

"After a few months all my cells would be replaced except a few. It's going to take a lot of study, and I won't try until I am sure. If I screw up my DNA... My body would break down and die. It's certainly nothing to play with."

Jezebel gasped and tears ran down her face. She had not let herself get depressed or worry about it much, after all 300 years was a long way away. Especially to someone in their twenties. But she had obviously been worried about it deep down as the tears of happiness just kept coming. She felt Sandy pull her into the Witch's arms and croon in her ear.

Sandy said, "I figured it out at the Federal building, this is the first time we are alone so..."

Jezebel nodded, her tears slowing and a smile that wouldn't go away on her face.

Relieved and happy would be a major understatement for how she felt.

============================================

The rest of the week went well, before they knew it the next council meeting was up, and she had some news to give. She had given a lot of thought to how to keep their deliberation of this issue a secret, not really caring about the rest of it. If they went totally silent the NSA would probably freak out. She brought in spelled stones and handed them out, explaining to hold them and think what you wanted the others to hear.

Sandy briefed the rest of the council in this way on the American NSA knowing about them and even what they were doing. She concluded saying that it was likely they could hear them now or else someone in the group was bugged, either their person or home.

She also shocked them more when suggesting that it was possible they had someone working with them, but that was unlikely.

Gregor of course, threw gas on the fire, "We should root them all out who know and kill them, quickly."

She and Jezebel spoke out against that idea. 

Sandy said, "That's just a bad idea, right now they are hoping we succeed and make sure our society stays away from their sovereignty. If we start killing them for knowing they will be at war with us. We may be more powerful but there are a lot more of them."

Jezebel said, "It is unfortunate they know, but we all live under the laws of our country for the most part. I know most of us are born here and are actual citizens. I don't believe they will do anything unless we become the threat they fear."

Tony, Thomas and Amy were inclined to side with leaving them alive, but added that they needed to be aware of who all knew about them. She nodded slowly in agreement to this compromise. They decided to hire some Elves to do the sleuthing work and track down a list but stressing no one would be killed. They all agreed the list would probably be small, and hoped it was only the NSA that knew.

When the council was done Sandy collected all the stones and put them aside for next time, then went and got a much needed drink. She felt Daniel wrap his arms around her from behind and she leaned back into him. It felt good. She loved all the women lately but the feel of a strong man's package against her ass while being held in his strong arms was wonderful. She melted against him, feeling safe and loved. She also noticed Rose coming over with a hopeful look on her petite face.
