 Chapter 23 -- Angel's unite... Mostly. 

Jezebel thought no news is good news, apparently so did the rest of the Arches as they were finally willing to vote in a new councilmember to replace Gregor. There had been no response or escalation from the human government for a few weeks now but Sandy wouldn't let her take a piss without her necklace on, much less go out. 

She had been getting good reports out of Europe. Apparently Penny is everything that Gregor wasn't. There have been no Angel deaths reported there since she took control and she doesn't appear to use an iron thumb to keep people in line. She had Natalie send a communication to let Penny know she was available if the new Arch ran into problems.

They should know who the replacement is by the next meeting in a few days, although there wasn't much to talk about right now. The troublemakers have been quiet, although with things settling down that will probably change too, and quickly.

Jezebel watched as Sandy swayed into the office. Her lover had grown in confidence as she had in power, yet there was no arrogance in her bearing at all and she wore the same fun smile that she fell in love with. It seems so long ago with all the responsibilities, she didn't want this and felt trapped sometimes. Her witch made it bearable, so did working at the club as a waitress. It was her bubble of normality in her now crazy life.

Sandy said, "You ready to be a bar wench Arch," as she curtseyed to me with a mischievous look on her face. 

Her Witch really did have it right, laugh at life no matter what it brings. Jezebel got up and walked around the desk and linked arms with Sandy.

She said with false snootiness, "You may now convey me to my place of work Witch."

Sandy giggled as she bent space and time to her will and a portal opened up to the dressing room in the back of the Sapphire club. She got changed into her slutty bar maid uniform and expanded to D cups. She got better tips that way of course. She watched Sandy get changed, this time into a sexy black pothole dress and a black g-string. 

She could see large amounts of Sandy's D cups and an almost alarming amount of cleavage. But the fabric was strategically placed to hide her nipples until the reveal. She tore her eyes off Sandy's latest stripper outfit and headed out to the floor. She grabbed a tray from the bar and a pad and got ready to start taking orders.

Her father cocked his head and said, "So, why do you still work here? It can't be for energy with that powerhouse you and Daniel create."

She replied, "It grounds me, it's a part of my old normal life and helps me forget for a while the world, or at least the angel part of it, sits on my shoulders. Plus it's kind of fun, I am still a succubus after all. Being surrounded by sex starved men and sexy dancing mostly naked woman. No brainer dad. Plus even without needing the energy it feels good to partake, even share the energy in this place."

He nodded. "Sorry, you will get used to it though, your place I mean. Don't ever get power hungry though, that's when you become not right for the job. I like how you set yourself up as an enforcer of a council, instead of its head."

She shrugged not really knowing what to say, public service shouldn't be fun or about gaining power anyway. Ruling others would be hard work, helping guide them with a team of people was hard enough. At least that was her opinion. Unfortunately she knew it was nowhere near universally held.

She went around and got drink orders, she was surprised when she recognized one of the humans.

Jezebel asked the NSA spook, "Jim, what can I get you?"

Jim answered, "Shot of vodka and whatever is on tap."

She delivered the drink and asked, "So what brings you by?"

He waved his hand and said, "Oh, just checking in after that fun tour of NY. Letting you know it won't happen again. Really enjoying Sandy's outfit, it's a side of her I didn't think I would see, or even want to after that little display she gave me. Turns out I was very wrong though."

Jezebel winked and moved on. She hoped he was on the level, but who knows, they weren't taking chances anyway. The NSA wasn't exactly known for their forthright honesty. The rest of the night went fast, just normal customers enjoying the flesh on display at the Sapphire club. Jezebel actually felt recharged and ready to face another day as Arch by the end of the night.

========================================

Natalie came into her office early the next morning to make her report. Jezebel noticed she looked really tired. Of course she was no longer just an accountant, the angel was helping with other duties, including related to the council. Jezebel decided she needed to do something about that.

She offered Natalie a chair then waited as the Angel ran through a quick report of the basics.

Natalie said, "So the results are in for the vote. New councilor is Katrina who is the Arch in Japan, her second is Warren. Rose let me know this could be good and bad. She will definitely vote with us to crush that idiot in Russia. Oh right, the idiot in Russia, Stefan, is moving forward again, trying to be more subtle this time around but failing at it.

"So Katrina is old school, she won't let anyone get away with messing with humans or trying to take over. She is also ambitious, so while she will take down the assholes with us, we need to watch her for indirect rewards and gains in power. She won't try anything direct, just kind of orchestrate behind the scenes. Not a bad thing usually, as long as you're not on her list of obstacles and considered an ally.

"She is a survivor, you know our 10k year lifespan rarely lasts that long, well she is close to 3000 years old, and so she is an expert at everything she does. Lastly it seems only a few in the NSA, the joint chiefs and the president is aware of us. They are still looking for others though."

Natalie shrugged. "It may not be a bad thing, and could help the council, it all depends what her agenda will be."

She said, "Natalie, Nat, you have a lot of extra work now, I don't want you to burn you out. You're doing a great job but you are also doing more than one."

Natalie sighed. "I am a bit short on time lately."

Jezebel grinned. "Easily fixed, hire some people. Get another Angel in here or two. I don't know if Daniel is overwhelmed either. He is both my second and the area head. You both need to speak up or complain if there is an issue. Can you let him know too, to hire someone if he needs the help?"

Natalie thanked Jezebel and headed out of the room. She wished all her issues was that easy to fix. She smiled when Daniel walked in, and the smile grew when she saw the look in his eyes...

===============================

Since Stefan was basically an angelic internal issue it was not brought up in council at all. Jezebel wasn't sure if she liked Katrina, she was a very smooth talker and everything she said sounded completely reasonable. She was typical for an angel, beautiful, but she actually looked like she was in her early 30's, she had never seen an angel look so old before. Dark jet black hair and green eyes graced her delicate face.

Right now she was in the lounge with Katrina and Patricia, the two other arches on the council. The seconds were there as well, Daniel, Rose and Warren.

Warren seemed to dote on Katrina, and happily so at least she didn't hold her people down under her thumb, which is a definite point in her favor. Something just rubbed her wrong though. Jezebel couldn't figure out what it was. She was too... Perfect. No rough edges at all. That usually meant a front, three thousand years old or not, no one was perfect.

Still, she seemed to be ready to work with her on things, so maybe it would all work out.

Katrina said, "Stefan has acquired another two generals, he is even close to gaining some more powerful weapons. We definitely need you to go in and stop him. Do you agree Patricia?"

Jezebel knew she meant her, to be fair she had set herself up as the council's enforcer of the rules. At least she had been elected in as a councilor as well. It could be worse. She could be at the mercy of three other angels, instead of just dealing with two and in position to block the over ambitious plans.

Patricia said, "I'm afraid so yes, if we let him get away with it... Let's just say the other Arches are looking closely this way, if we don't move they will move to do the same. Not all of them of course, but there are always some who will keep the line out of fear and move to greed if they lose it."

Jezebel sighed. "Well that is two out of three, but I agree as well. Do we know anything about his second?"

Patricia said, "Supposedly she is cut from the same cloth, although I knew Lydia from a while back. It seems out of character for her to side with Stefan on this. I trust you to play it by ear, if she will be the same problem we can vote in a replacement."

Katrina said, "That sounds fine to me, although if it becomes necessary I have some candidates in mind."

Jezebel had a feeling she wasn't fine with it at all and wanted Lydia gone too, but it was just a feeling. Maybe she just went along because she was outvoted already with Trisha's statement.

Jezebel nodded. "Sounds fine, we can address that if it comes up. We will all have our necklaces on so we can communicate about it if needed when I am on site."

The meeting broke up shortly after that and Jezebel went to pack. Daniel would handle getting the flight set up and the pilots notified for the Learjet. Sandy had insisted she be included in the trip if one was necessary despite it not being Witch business. Sandy was very adamant about it too. Jezebel grinned at the memory of her Witch laying down the law on it. 

Though Daniel was her second and probably should be there, she needed someone to stay behind and take care of the council who were staying at the mansion. Natalie could do the task fine but Jezebel knew there was an expectation of rank when dealing with stuff like that. Competent to handle it or not Natalie just didn't have any. Plus Natalie was in the process but hadn't gotten any help yet and she knew that Natalie was too busy to babysit anyway.

Jezebel was happy when Daniel came in their bedroom to say a proper goodbye, she would miss his... Company... While she was gone.

================================

Jezebel woke up to Sandy's hand on her leg. It had been a long flight after a long day with the council but they were finally landing in Moscow airport. The Arch had a large estate twenty five miles out of the city. She was feeling uneasy about this. 

She had agreed, and knew it was for the best. But this would be the first time since she gave her original orders granting free will that she would have to enforce the law of the appointed council. In essence she was here to remove Stefan from power, she wondered if she could do it without killing him but she doubted it. She felt a little queasy. It was one thing for her defend herself from attackers, but this...

It was quite another to be the attacker, no matter the law being on her side. She wanted to end the slavery and slaughter from the Angelic dimension, well now she was facing the responsibility of that. It was so tempting to just tell him to knock it off and behave, but she knew that would make her just like the Angels she had removed from power in this world.

She felt Sandy take her hand and was suffused with confidence that she was doing right, a deep love that the Witch held for her, and total faith. She knew Sandy was behind her, but she had no idea how much until she felt that. It made her feel a little better about things, what she was doing. She did know it was right, and necessary, but it still didn't make her feel good about having to do it.

She looked around and walked to the airport entrance looking for the taxi line. After all, they were not being picked up. This was a surprise visit to remove Stefan from power. 

Sandy said, "I know baby, but trust yourself, you know this is right."

Jezebel nodded reluctantly and gave Sandy a chaste kiss, bringing up her feelings for Sandy knowing that the Witch would feel them. She truly didn't know what she would do without Sandy in her life. It sure as hell wouldn't be trying to save the world...

They find the taxi line and give directions to the estate. The driver didn't take American Express but Sandy had a visa card on her. A short time later they were out of the city and heading for the estate. They could see it coming up on their right, the wall around the estate was about eight feet high and done in brick. It seemed to go on for quite a while until they reached the black metal gate.

Jezebel said, "You don't have to wait for us, thanks," to the taxi driver.

Sandy could get them back to the airport, and she didn't want a human around watching if they were attacked. They had to go back through customs at least, to show they left the country. Then when the plane takes off Sandy could just teleport them back home. Luckily they would only have to deal with that crap once for each location.

She waited for the driver to head off then she hit the intercom button on the code pad.

A bored voice, "Who is it and what do you want."

She said, "Jezebel, Arch of North America and council member, open the gate please."

A panicked voice, "Just a moment, someone will come down for you Arch Jezebel."

She worked her senses to the maximum amount. She wanted to feel if someone tried to run. So far things looked static, she felt about 20 angels inside, and something different, more like Sandy. Maybe they didn't know why she was here? But how could that be, no one was that stupid, even Stefan.

She said, "Hey, I think there might be another Witch in there, we need to watch for that."

Sandy nodded. "It's not uncommon for Witches to work with Arches, for a price. It's just easier to find a job as a Witch if people understand what you are, so mostly Angels and Demons. Not enough humans know about us. Patricia is unique in that she didn't have one when we went down there."

Sandy winked and said, "I'll send you my bill," then looked her up and down salaciously, "I think you will enjoy paying it..."

She giggled. "Always love."

A minute or so of banter later she could see a golf cart coming down the drive. The house looks about a half a mile away, Angels are so lazy. Although she could understand why the guard wouldn't ask her to walk, she just didn't feel that important. The gates opened as the cart got closer. There was a female Angel driving it. She had long wavy light blonde hair and blue eyes. Typical angel...

She said with a genuine smile, "Hello Arch Jezebel. I'm Lydia, what a nice surprise. And you must be Sandy, we have heard a lot about you two. Take a seat and I'll get us up to the house, Stefan is waiting."

Jezebel said, "Nice to meet you too Lydia."

Sandy just nodded in greeting.

She looked around for the twilight zone entrance that she must have stumbled through. What was going on? Maybe she expects to be in charge? That would explain it, unless they really had no clue... Only one way to find out. Warily, her and Sandy got into the cart and were driven up to the house.

The landscaping of course was flawless. One thing Angels really excelled at was spending way too much money making everything around them perfect and beautiful. The estate itself was two stories, although at least twenty feet high each. The building was a pure white and the large arched windows were surrounded by pillars. They pulled up straight to the door where a servant took the cart as they got out.

Going into the front door the front area had a large chandelier hanging down from the two story high domed ceiling with stairways going up both sides to the second floor. She and Sandy were led to the back of the house. She expected something as ridiculous as that throne in California. 

However she was surprised when they were ushered into an intimate lounge that looked a lot like where they spent all their time back in NY, when they weren't in their office or bedroom anyway. There were two angels against the wall, obviously guards. There was also a short woman who looked to be about twenty two, long red hair and green eyes that were twinkling with... Excitement?

Sitting in a leather chair was the Arch. His hair was so close to white you almost couldn't call it blonde. He had grey eyes, and he looked... Friendly. Where they in the right place?

Stefan's voice was a friendly boom, "Arch, such a pleasure, what brings you here to my little corner of the world?"

She had no idea what to do, something was wrong here but she couldn't figure out what it was.

She finally just smiled, she couldn't help it, his eyes were twinkling like a favorite uncles and it just drew one out of her.

"I'm afraid I'm here on council business, I admit I am a bit thrown off at such a cordial reception."

Sandy said with a bright smile, "You mind if I get a drink? You need a refill?"

The Arch smiled and handed Sandy his glass, which of course, had his saliva. She saw the other Witch's eyes narrow in annoyance at that.

She said, "And who is this?" She waved her hand vaguely at the Witch.

The Witch said neutrally, "Tatiana, at the Arch's service."

She suddenly felt knowledge flowing to her from Sandy, not speaking exactly, just...

She was getting something about the Arch and the military, and the Witch but before it could solidify she heard a hiss from the corner, Tatiana looked really pissed off. Jezebel turned to Sandy and found she was frozen in place, unmoving. She looked at Stefan and Lydia and they just looked, resigned and defeated.

Jezebel rushed the Witch as understanding of who was the puppet master here solidified in her mind, but it was too late. She felt herself lifted and slammed into the wall. She tried a little fire but it just turned and burned her. Sandy could hold her like this helpless, and she was just a baby witch, god knows how powerful this one was.

Tatiana said, "You had a job Arch, come here and kill. No sneaky investigating things. Now we will have to do it the hard way, I will have to do it myself, and then fix your memories."

Tatiana turned to Stefan and Lydia, "And you two will suffer instead of the clean death you would have received from her, you tipped them off there was something wrong, I never considered having to make you not be grinning idiots."

She watched as Tatiana again focused on her. She felt her body burning in pain but there wasn't any fire or smell. She must be simulating the pain like Sandy simulates the feeling of sex.

Tatiana said, "It will be easier to break your mind when I am through torturing you Arch. And I am sorry, but it seems Lydia managed to kill your Witch before you ended their lives. I can't change her so she must die."

Oh god. Jezebel knew they were screwed as Tatiana increased the burning sensation. No fire, command wouldn't work. She was totally screwed. That is when she felt it through the pain. She laughed. A hard bitter but triumphant laugh as the pain twisted her. Tatiana's eyes narrowed and she felt the pain back off a bit so she would be able to speak.

Tatiana said, "And what is so funny may I ask?"

Jezebel grinned through the pain and said while she reached out with her power, "One thing you should never do if you get turned on by torturing someone. Torture a Succubus."

Jezebel's power reached deep within the Witch and twisted that lust and pulled Tatiana into an orgasm so intense that the Witch was overwhelmed by pain before the pleasure even registered in her twisted mind. Jezebel watched as she screamed and twitched on the ground while both she and Sandy were released from the Witch's power as she lost consciousness. 
