 Chapter 25 – First Battle of Wills

Things were quiet for a while and Jezebel was in a funk. She now understood why her father had kept things from her for so long. She wasn't even sure she was ready for this responsibility now, never mind when she had been younger. She had gotten tired of Katrina trying to introduce new ideas that would consolidate more power to the council. 

She had also decided after what happened with Niklis she would get both sides of a story before acting ever again. She was a little frustrated about it, why hadn't Niklis said anything? It was like he wanted to die. She still felt a faint tinge of regret, but she moved on, his wasn't the only death she had to deal with after all.

She thought that Katrina would love to gain more authority and was trying to use the council to get it. She didn't remove the other dimension from power just to replace it with another version of an over powerful and influential group. 

Her vision for the council was mostly about keeping the peace between the races and locking out the rulers from the other dimensions, a common defense to keep all their races safe from interference.

The council was in essence there to stop her from being a dictator, not to replace her as a tight fisted council who ruled everyone.

Luckily Sandy sided with her as did Tony. The Weres had already given up more autonomy then they wanted, so Amy too was against increasing the council's responsibilities. The one thing that really annoyed her was the increasing distance between her and Patricia. Patricia truly was a friend, but she was also too ambitious and was siding more and more with Katrina during these arguments.

So with a lack of concerns going on the council had turned into essentially arguing about power the last two weeks. She didn't want a crisis, but she was very close to it, if it would mean not listening to Katrina talk on and on about how they could make this or that better, when it was all about taking control for the Angel. 

To the annoyance of the other Arches however she had been able to extend the wait between regular council meetings to once a month. She argued that they could still communicate with the necklaces in an emergency. No need to meet so often, with the added benefit that she didn't have to hear any more ridiculous pitches.

Jezebel got a little bit of work done then tracked down Sandy. They both had class that morning and they needed to get moving. She also needed to get changed, she had taken Sandy's advice, when she was in the mansion she dressed a lot sexier, not to mention her bust size. 

She wasn't sure if it made anyone underestimate her, but she was positive her Witch couldn't keep her eyes off her. The rest of her mates were very appreciative as well. For Jezebel that was more than enough reason by itself for her to do it.

They got ready and then Sandy opened a portal to their apartment. They split up and went to their classes as soon as they reluctantly finished up with their soft and lingering tender kisses. Class was going well today. She wasn't oversexed so she wasn't affecting anyone around her. Of course that's when it happened. She felt a door opening in her mind and a rising pressure to obey.

She knew the other Arches were protected from these incoming orders by her more powerful order to ignore them. Unfortunately she had no protection that would cause their orders to slide off. She needed to actually fight. Oh she knew she would win, but that didn't make it easier. She barely heard the gasps and mutters of the class as her body froze in battle.

Her succubus mesmerizing power rushed and defended her as it coated her Angelic command power with its influence, she still needed to concentrate and make sure nothing got though. Then she heard the commands...

The humans become powerful. You will search out all humans that know the truth about the supernatural races and are not our servants. Then kill them showing no mercy, the humans must not learn of our existence as a whole.

She started shaking as the door closed and her powers receded. As she came to herself she noticed the whole class staring at her in concern, their eyes wide and questioning. 

She said, "I'm okay, just dizzy for a moment."

Her excuse sounded lame to her own ears but she dropped it, ignoring the questioning whispers. She just hoped she wasn't glowing or something. But since no one at all screamed and ran for the door she was guessing not. 

She continued the lecture, but was thinking about what just happened, and wondering what the fall out would be. She had ordered the other Arches to think of their words as suggestions only. What if some of them thought it a good idea?

She thought about calling a council meeting but... She had a feeling there were two people on the council that would feel that way. She would have Natalie look into it. Either way, that shit wasn't happening here in North America.

=======================

Two hours later she was sitting in council, she was going to wait but Katrina and Patricia insisted on a meeting. In all fairness, contact from the dimension they had ostensibly declared independence from, even if they didn't know it yet, constituted an emergency.

Katrina said, "This order from the home dimension doesn't really involve the non Angels because there is no defense needed, but I asked for a full council just to keep you apprised of the situation.

"The orders that came through did not take hold, however cleaning house seems like a good idea to me. The humans are getting more powerful. They are pitifully easy to kill one on one, but as we saw last month with Gregor, a talented sniper is more than enough to take one of us down unprotected. 

"It just seems like common sense to me to keep the governments of the world in the dark by cleaning house, it wouldn't be pretty if the humans found out about us."

Jezebel said flippantly, "Why not just kill them all? That would be safer for us right? It's only common sense."

She shook her head. "Look, I understand that it does make sense in a certain way, and perhaps there are some that know that should be silenced because of our race's security. But could not we find another way to do it? Force an Elven deal of silence, or..."

She looked at Sandy and said, "How hard would it be to suppress memories of the supernatural, or make it seem like they dreamed it... Or," she just kind of tapered off.

Sandy said, "It wouldn't be that hard, but it takes time. It really would take too long if there were more than a handful of people involved."

Sandy shook her head, "I know Jezebel won't do it here, and other Arches will refuse as well. But what happens if someone in the know in a safe country hears about what was done in other countries. It could completely backfire and cause the exact problem you are trying to avoid.

"Just like the purges, the orders from the other dimension are broad and lazy. Over simplified. It's just a bad idea in my opinion. I realize this is an internal matter though and I don't really get a say in it."

Patricia broke in, "I agree with all of you. I won't be doing that. It isn't an issue where I am. But I think in some places, where the government or leader is unstable, the order should be carried out."

Jezebel said, "Why don't we get a list of the people we think are trouble, and we don't think will keep silent. Then depending on how long it is we can talk alternatives or go through with the order for that list?

"We also need to let the other Arches know what we think, hopefully they will be persuaded to take that route. We can't stop them from acting without me giving out orders, and I don't want to do that, we can't do that."

The three Arches voted on it and Jezebel was pleased when Katrina reluctantly agreed to this compromised route they had come up with. They broke up the meeting agreeing to meet again when the list was comprised, probably a week, maybe two.

Sandy took her hand and led her toward their bedroom, when they were out of earshot she started talking.

Sandy said, "That was a bit impolitic for you, don't let her get to you, she will never change. She will always be ambitious and want more power, just accept that fact and do what you need to block her."

Jezebel cringed. She was a bit of a sarcastic ass back in the meeting, but she had just been so tired of it and she saw this coming a mile away. 

Jezebel said, "You're right, she just gets so frustrating sometimes. Where are we going?"

Sandy grinned and said, "I know what my baby needs."

Jezebel gasped as Sandy's magic started to gently pleasure her body before they even made it to the bedroom...

============================

Natalie had joined her and Sandy about halfway through. Now they all just lay there completely sated, out of breath.

Natalie said tentatively, "Umm, I have a report... That's actually why I tracked you down."

Jezebel giggled. "Well now that the more important business is taken care of go ahead."

Natalie said with laughter in her voice, "Penny the new Arch in Europe. You remember, took over for Gregor..."

When she nodded Natalie continued, "She called asking for your advice, said you offered to help if she needed it a few weeks back?"

Jezebel nodded slowly. "I did indeed, so where is the Arch?"

Natalie replied, "Right outside Naples, Italy."

She said, "Well a promise is a promise." She grinned innocently.

Sandy snickered.

She said, "You feel up to running things for a few days Nat? I think I might need Daniel's help. There are what... forty something or other countries in Europe?"

Nat shrugged. "Depends who you ask, between 45 and 51 or 52. Some are in both Asia and Europe. But for our purposes she is responsible for 45 countries. I guess I could give running things a shot..." Nat sounded not sure about it and like she wanted to come along.

Jezebel said, "Don't worry, next time we leave Daniel at home and you go with us instead."

Natalie said, "I don't think it's a problem, I have a necklace if anything crazy happens. Day to day is easy enough."

Jezebel smiled and got up to pack. It felt too much like a jailbreak to her though, she knew something had to break soon or it would be her that broke.

=========================================

She, Daniel and Sandy took the jet to Capodichino Airport right in Naples and were picked up right on the tarmac by a Limousine. It was a quick trip out to the countryside where the Arch's domicile was located. Jezebel knew they were here for serious work but she couldn't help but be keyed up. She had wanted to visit Italy for a long time.

The home they pulled into was beautiful and not all that over large as the other Arches seem to have. She saw Penny come out along with another tall Angel, must be her second. She watched as Penny approached in a beautiful yellow sundress. Gone was the mousy fearful and shrinking woman. Penny was now stunning, showing off her voluptuous body and sporting a large smile.

She attempted to bow to Jezebel but she stopped her with a wave of the hand.

Jezebel said, "Please, call me Jezebel, or Jez."

Penny smiled and said, "And you must call me Penny. I thank you for your quick arrival."

Jezebel grinned. "I was happy to come. This is Sandy the counselor for the Witches as well as my mate. And this is my second Daniel, also a mate."

Penny said, "This is Alanzo my second, won't you come in, I have some drinks being prepared."

They all followed Penny into the house. She led them into a spacious living room with a few couches and they all sat as drinks were brought in.

Penny said, "I am afraid Gregor did not do much over the last 100 years or so, so I have 45 countries to look after and don't have one angel in any of their spy services. I was rectifying that already, having Angels place themselves to be recruited, but that will take years to get anywhere. This situation will become untenable and I am not sure what I can do about it.

"I don't even have information on who knows, much less who knows and shouldn't, and I can't afford the price Elves would charge for 45 countries. Maybe a handful could be done... But what handful?"

Penny made a face, "I wish to offer you hospitality, but I worry."

Jezebel said, "I hadn't realized your Intel was quite that... Lacking. I was told you needed help, but, I will have to think on it."

Jezebel wondered if the NSA would know and be willing to share. Probably not.

Sandy shook her head slightly and said, "I might have an idea. I could ask if the Witch community has better Intel. They won't help you contain anyone, but they might share information, if I ask."

She watched as Sandy closed her eyes and was silent, the rest of us were quiet not wanting to disturb whatever she was doing.

Sandy said, "There is a good chance, I asked Cat, who is well known too all Witches. She will get back to me tomorrow."

Penny smiled. "Thank you so much, any help would go a long way. I have manpower to get things done I just need to point them in a direction. So we have a day to kill, was there anything you wanted to go see?"

She heard Sandy's low giggle when she looked down Penny's dress again. What?

She said, "I'm not sure, I'd love to get a look around. I was hoping to play tourist when I heard where you lived, but not familiar enough to know where to go."

Penny smiled and said, "Then leave yourself in my hands, I will show you a good time."

Sandy almost choked on her drink when Jezebel said, "Why that sounds like a wonderful idea," not thinking about sightseeing at all.

Sandy sent, "Feeling frisky baby?"

Jezebel nodded but sent, "If she is at all interested, I don't even think they have rings so probably not."

Sandy sent, "We could leave them this time as gifts, then just come back in a month or so to say hi, I can portal here now after all."

She liked that idea. She was attracted to the lovely Arch but didn't want to come across like it was a requirement or something equally distasteful. She did sense Penny saw her with a certain amount of awe so she was uncomfortable with the idea of being the seducer, or at least an obvious one.

So they went out and saw the sights. She thought Pompeii was fascinating and a little depressing. Of course the art and writing was right up her alley... They also spent some time in the shops in Naples as well, picking up souvenirs of their visit. Penny was a pleasure and seemed happy for an Angel with neither sex nor drugs. A testament to how much of a total dick Gregor must have been.

She saw Sandy give Penny a couple of rings as the night wore down, Penny did have a curious look on her face as Sandy gave her explanation, but just put them away for later. Jezebel was almost glad this crisis had come up, although she was really hoping the Witches would come through for them, or they really would be in a pickle. 

There was too much of a risk that at least one of forty five countries would wind up knowing and be the wrong type of person to know. But she tried not to stress on it and just have fun, and for the most part she was successful. They turned in a little early, but Jezebel was jet lagged and a ready for some sleep. 

She felt Sandy snuggle up to her on the bed and start suckling on her earlobe. She moaned softly as she felt Daniel get in on the other side. She felt his already hard cock digging into her side as he pulled up her top and sucked a nipple into his warm mouth. She moaned out in growing pleasure and decided she wasn't all that tired after all... 

====================================

Jezebel stretched and woke, her lovers still flanking both her sides and her body felt wonderfully sore. She didn't even consider healing it, she liked the feeling it gave her. She got up and put on a long shirt to walk to the guest bathroom down the hall.

She washed up a bit and splashed her face with cold water after relieving herself. When she walked out she wasn't paying attention and ran into Alanzo, Penny's second, as he was coming into the bathroom. 

They fell and she wound up straddling him, she could feel his warm body beneath her and went to get up and apologize. That's when she saw the look of lust in his eyes and noticed the ring on his finger. She also felt him harden, rubbing up against her naked heat through his thin cotton boxer shorts. She also noticed he looked a little nervous so she kissed and sucked on his neck drawing a moan out of him.

Then she whispered sultrily, "Why don't you bend me over the bathroom sink then find a nice silky, wet and hot place to sink that large cock into."

She felt him grow harder as she ground along his cock through the thin material, her wet pussy dampening a line in his boxers. She knew she was letting out her inner succubus too much lately and giving her free reign. She was almost out of control, but not quite. 

She was a succubus though, not a slut. She wouldn't give it to just anyone, she was wanting him and Penny though, badly by the end of yesterday. She just couldn't hold back when this opportunity appeared. Her slutty language was her succubus adjusting to what her victim wanted, not necessarily what she would have wanted. So right now she was his to do with as he pleased.

He could have resisted her if he didn't want the same thing, but because he was he didn't have a chance to resist ravaging her from behind over the bathroom sink.

He picked her up and carried her back into the bathroom and bent her over the sink. He pulled up the long shirt and rubbed her tight ass while she wiggled it and raised it higher in the air. She gasped and arched her back submissively when he spanked her ass hard, as if she was asking for another. 

She felt him rub his bulbous head up and down her wet slit, she whimpered in need every time he grazed her clit and she wanted him inside her badly. She tried to push her ass back and envelope his manhood with her hot needy center but he stopped her and spanked her hard, then plunged deep into her depths with one hard thrust of his hips.

"Oh god! Yes! Fuck me!" she cried out loudly.

He started to saw into her hard, slamming his body into hers. She stuck her ass higher so he was hitting all the right spots in her body and she started moaning loudly, her ecstasy rising as pleasure coiled into her center and mixed with her stinging ass cheeks. She bore down on his cock a little more with her pussy to give him more delicious wet and hot friction for both their pleasure.

That's when she heard a gasp. She turned her head and saw Penny there. She had a look of surprise on her face. Jezebel reached out a tendril seeing Penny with her ring on, expecting to find curiosity and lust, but her power found nothing to lock onto at all...

Penny's face turned from surprise to a betrayed and horrified look, she tore the ring off her finger and through it at Jezebel, hitting her side hard. She was frozen and Alanzo was still pounding away in her quickly drying center. She reached in and stopped his lust cold then pushed him back. She just waited for it, she knew it was coming.

She had forgotten, she had let the inner succubus have free reign like she hadn't in years, and she went too far. Now she had hurt this woman that she respected, that she was truly proud to know, and she felt like dirt.

Penny said her voice shaking with confusion, hurt and anger, "Is that what those gifts were? A way to add us to your fuck list, demon? Take your pet Witch and all her magic and get the fuck out of my territory, you are not welcome in Europe any longer, ever."

Jezebel said, "I'm sorry, but there were no strings attached to the magic of the rings. I didn't even think that you might be... Attached to each other exclusively. The truth is it was his lust that sparked it in me. I didn't mean to hurt you."
