 Chapter 26 -- Jezebel's Fifteen Minutes. 

Penny was beyond angry, the more she thought about that bitch Jezebel... She needed to get some revenge. She really didn't want to kill her, she was necessary. Her anger wouldn't drive her to commit murder or political suicide. But she had a need to get even. She thought she had a way but she had been hesitating to do it.

About three days ago she had gotten an email from an unknown mail source which her IT people had been unable to backtrack, the source was good whoever they were. I was a report on a demon named Niklis. Jezebel had brought him to justice for the council and the Weres specifically. Interesting thing was the demons in Portland all worshipped the guy.

So she was thinking of leaking the info back to the Portland demon community about a demon traitor that got their hero killed. She knew Jezebel probably wouldn't die from any attacks, but it would be worth it to get back at the bitch, and at least cause her a little trouble if not a whole shit storm of it.

She didn't want to be back traced but wasn't confident about her ability to electronically pull that off. So she printed out five copies of the report and put them in five packages to demon clubs that were in the email she was sent. Then she sent it all in one package to an Elf she was paying in Oregon who would mail the 5 envelopes and destroy the packaging leading back to her.

She thought about it a little more and had a twinge of conscious, yes she was a demon, and a succubus who fucked with her mate. Jezebel essentially raped him by using his lust to erase his will power. On purpose or not didn't matter. But she was also the Arch of North America and a council member. Not to mention could order her to eat shit if she wanted and did not do that.

She growled in annoyance at her twinge and handed the thick package to America to a servant and ordered it mailed out. She just hoped doing this and getting some revenge would make her feel better. She hadn't shared her soul with her chosen mate since his cock had been in the bitch and she was miserable about it. Damn that fucking Witch and her rings as well.

===================================

Jezebel was walking alone. In the cold brisk air and trying to clear her head. It had been two weeks since Italy and she had not been able to have physical sex yet. Every time she got in the mood for one of her lovers she would see Penny's face of betrayal, rage and pain. Hear the word slut, demon, stupid in her head. She was not hurting on energy as she was still with Daniel.

Soul sharing was pure. Her inner succubus was not involved. It was her only moment away from the guilt. How could she not have remembered? How could she not have seen the love between Penny and her mate and the betrayal she caused? She had been to intent on getting the voluptuous blonde in her bed, that's how.

So she had taken to wearing her clothes that covered her up, her breasts were once again a C cup, if you could even call that conservative, but she was too used to that size to change it now. She had forgotten that draining all the life energy and killing someone in pleasure was not the only evil she could do as a succubus. She was also the ultimate seductress.

She forgave Sandy a week ago, but she was pretty mad at her for a while for not listening. People who are betrayed do not forgive easily or quickly, and they don't shift blame they spread it. She understood the motive was love of her though, and had let it go, just another thing that was her fault.

She knew she had to end this circle of depression and self flagellation but she was having trouble getting there, so she was out walking, alone. Trying to find peace with within herself. Cat had contacted her and shared what she told Sandy, and to an extent she was right. Jezebel was young and it wouldn't be her last mistake. However that didn't make her feel one bit better about herself.

She didn't doubt for a moment the love of her mates was true, and she needed to get over it in a major way. If only for their sake, she knew they missed her touch, but were patient and wouldn't ask until she was ready. If only she were the same. Not so quick to spread her damn legs.

She heard the loud screeching sound of tires, then a large bang and glass breaking. Then she felt the fire with her power from about a block over. She ran in that direction. If there was a crowd she couldn't do anything, but maybe...

Nope, she saw a crowd. But she also saw a little girl about 6 in the back seat of a car, her mother knocked out in the front seat. The car was upside down and on fire. Shit. The crowd wasn't that big, maybe if she didn't put out the fire...

She reached out and controlled the fire, keeping it from the gas line and gas tank, but otherwise letting it burn as she raced over and broke the back window. She pulled the little girl out and pointed her to the people watching and said, "Go wait over there by the nice people. I'm getting your mom now."

The child was terrified but did as she was told, maybe too scared to disobey or question. She turned back to the car and climbed in grabbing the mother out of the front and dragged her out. She let the fire go free from her power when they were fifteen feet away. It took another fifteen seconds or so then the car exploded as they reached the crowd.

Jezebel said, "Did someone call 911?"

No one answered her but a few seconds later she heard sirens coming. The mother had a mild concussion and was knocked out, but she should be okay. She was glad because she couldn't use her healing power in front of all these people.

When the ambulance got there she slunk away from the scene, most of the people looking at the EMT's and the hurt people. One person did call after her but she ignored it and broke into a jog...

==============================

Shit, was it beat up on Jezebel day and she hadn't got the memo? Actually considering all what's going on maybe it's beat up on Jezebel month. Sandy listened as the rest of the council lit into her.

Tony said, "I love you Jez but damn, that was stupid. Some guy recorded you. Attractive woman, kicks in a rearview window with nothing but her foot and a set of boots? Then sets the kid free and carries the mother back to the crowd showing no effort at all on your face from lifting that dead weight? I know you've been upset lately but you need to think.

"All you had to do too save them was control the fire and have it burn out really slowly from the sidelines. Everyone would not know it was you, or even anything was done. It would have looked like the fire just burned itself out without finding the fuel. Even if someone figured it out later there would have been no one that saw you specifically, the fire department could have gotten them out at that point with the explosion danger passed."

Sandy winced. On top of everything else Jezebel had Tony who she loved as family and looked up to, chewing on her ass now. What the hell? She listened as Patricia, Katrina, Amy and Thomas gave her basically the same speech. Of course Amy or Thomas would have let them burn and had a fucking barbeque. Damn Weres were getting on her nerves. That's when the spiral started, that fucking order to pick up Niklis.

Of course they were blowing it out of proportion, if the news stations hadn't been running it constantly for days, until they found her identity. Probably a student at the college recognized Jezebel. Now they had tons of calls on the apartment answering machine wanting her to come on the news and tell them all about it. Why, how etc...

The problem of course was Jezebel was beautiful young woman and a hero, it meant the ratings would be higher if they could get her on. It was a sad fact but true, beautiful heroes or victims get better ratings. She had even caught some photographers following her around, not a good thing when you led a secret life.

"ENOUGH!" sandy had enough of listening to it.

"The five of you just gave the same fucking speech, and now you're trying to repeat yourselves too. If you have nothing constructive to say that might... I don't know, actually help the situation then shut up. You are blaming her for being young and thoughtless yet you are acting like 2 year olds, cut it out. And Tony, I fucking quit, I can't believe you threw in with these Angelic blowhards.

"They have been trying to undercut and demean Jezebel for months so they can claw and scrape more power for the council and hence themselves. The first actual mistake Jezebel makes you can't cut her some slack? She saved a kid and her mother, what the fuck. You act like she started glowing in grand central station or something. You jump on their screw over Jezebel wagon. Fuck you Tony."

Sandy knew she went too far, she just couldn't stand it anymore. It's not like she's the one that broke council decorum though, they had been making a mockery of it all morning. She read Jezebel all the time, and the pain Tony had caused her lover just flipped her out. Jezebel had felt guilt from the rest of them too, but only for the stupid action, she had gotten used to ignoring their innuendos about her incompetence a long time ago.

She got up and walked out when the thought of disintegrating her protection charms off the lot of them came into her mind. Let them duck a damn bullet. But that brought her up short, she didn't want them dead after all, she was just too pissed off right now and had to go. She could feel Jezebel was worried about her, but Jezebel also felt a little better at the vehement defense.

Jezebel was right, they were way too young and too idealistic to be on this council, something would break soon. Sandy was going to make damn sure it wasn't her and Jezebel that did...

===============================

Jezebel wasn't sure what just happened but she felt a little better about things, although she was mad at Tony now. She couldn't believe he sided with them any more than Sandy did. Everyone looked to be shocked and surprised at Sandy's outburst, no one was talking. She stood up.

She said, "Good time to end the meeting I think, before we do something stupid and irretrievable. Good day."

She started to walk out and felt relief as she heard all the chairs being pushed back as people got up. She knew Tony thought of her as family and had probably meant that as a 'you're a dumb ass' lecture from a family member. But the forum he did it in, instead of in private, was inexcusable.

Why did she want to stop the purge again? Ugh, ugly thoughts filled her mind. She needed to get out of here. One other thing Sandy's speech did though. She was so hot for Sandy right now she wanted to chase her down and rip off her clothes... She also felt the lust coming off of Daniel and Natalie. Apparently she wasn't the only one who thought Sandy's impassioned speech in her defense was hot as hell...

====================================

Sandy felt Jezebel's intentions right before she walked in the door and smiled softly at the look of lust in Jezebel's eyes that she had missed dearly in the last two weeks. Maybe her stupid speech was worth it after all. Then she caught the feelings of her other two mates as they walked in and she grinned and started to pull her clothes off as Jezebel pulled her into a passion filled kiss.

Usually the three Angels let her be the dominant one in the foursome directing things so to speak. But today they were all descending on her with purpose and she just let it all go with a giggle at their focus. She was surrounded by three Angels determined to pleasure her, what could she do but relax and enjoy it?

She felt Daniel helping her undress from behind, kissing and sucking on the back and side of her neck while Jezebel continued to claim her mouth with her soft succulent pliant lips. Natalie was helping everyone undress, and she heard soft moans as Nat squeezed a nipple, ass cheek or brushed by someone's pleasure zone.

Sandy moaned softly and remembered to lock down her magic, already being overwhelmed by all the pleasure she felt from her mates as well as the feel of their hands and lips on her young nubile body. Her nipples were erect and tingling, her center moist and tight as they picked her up and carried her to the bed naked before shucking the remainder of their clothes and joining her on the bed.

She got so turned on when sweet submissive Natalie sat up against the headboard and put her on her hands and knees.

Natalie pulled Sandy's head into her warm tasty center and demanded lustily, "Eat me."

Sandy moaned as her nipples brushed against the silk sheets while she extended her body forward to taste Natalie's honey pot. She licked Nat slowly along her labia from taint to her deliciously swollen clit. She was almost shivering in anticipation of Daniel's hard cock plundering her soaked center when she felt him kneel behind her and rub his sensitive tip along her hot ready slit.

She moaned loudly in approval as she felt Jezebel's long wet tongue licking down her ass crack and then rimming her dark hole. She started licking Natalie a little harder, slightly parting her now swollen lips, feeling the Angel's core heat on the tip of her tongue and drawing a little moan from her lips.

Her loud moan turned into a gasp as Daniel's honey coated tip speared deep into her depths. Her warm wet walls conformed to his length, squeezing it tightly. She wiggled her ass and pushed back against him, needing to feel him driving in and out. She felt Natalie start to rock her hips up and grind her face as Daniel started plundering her center over and over with demanding thrusts. Her center was coiling with pleasure as she rode his thrusts up to her height.

Sandy screamed into Natalie's quivering pussy, "Oh god Daniel! Don't stop!"

She was brought into bliss and could feel Daniel keep going as Jezebel worked her body with tongue and hands to extend her orgasm naturally with expert stimulation. She felt Daniel expand inside her tight snatch and start to unload his Angel batter deep inside her womb. Natalie also started grinding harder as her center quivered trying desperately to milk Sandy's questing fingers.

As the three of them came down they all turned to Jezebel who had not yet had her pleasure, determined to remedy the situation...

==================================

Jezebel was feeling much better after that. Her inner succubus sated, but in a way she could live with, in love and lust with her mates. Sandy had made her portal to the apartment for an afternoon class but stayed behind with Natalie and Daniel. She giggled, it was amazing those three got anything done at all work related.

She had showered under a warm spray of water that felt good, cleansing her silky skin of her mates' hot juices. She felt the beginning of blessed soreness and the feeling of being clean and she smiled, feeling good. Until she looked out the window. How the hell was she supposed to get to class? The apartment had media all over the place outside.

She had pulled the guards off to avoid any questions in an awkward direction if the news people got curious about two hulking guys standing outside of her apartment. Of course now she had no one to distract them. The back looked clear though so she took the sliding door out by the pool area and tried to sneak away. She noticed she was being followed, but only by one or two, not the herd out front.

She hoped they would get tired and give it up soon. Her fifteen minutes of fame was getting on her nerves badly. Especially with the council harping on about it. When she slipped into the lecture hall she noticed immediately there were too many people.

There were several reporters in the class room. She briefly considered calling security to get them escorted out, but no doubt that would get high ratings and they would continue to hound her. So instead she just started class, ignoring them. At least she tried to, the students were completely distracted. She didn't really know what to do about it though.

She started getting tense feeling like she was in a trap. No matter what she did she lost. She should have known this would happen and looked into it before now. Just one more oversight on her part. She was afraid it was a mistake but took the path of least resistance, hoping being boring would make them give up eventually.

She ducked out quickly at the end of class, not giving them the opportunity to ask her any questions. She knew she had to lose these guys and anyone else before signaling Sandy for a portal. She couldn't just disappear from a restroom with the press dogging her heels. Shit. As she tried to lose the reporters she felt a large group of Demons heading in her direction. What now?

==============================

Bernice Whitmore was too old for this shit. She was nearing forty, which was incredibly old for a woman in the news business for a field reporter. She followed the beautiful young woman Jezebel Andrews from a distance. The girl quite clearly did not want to speak to any press so she didn't bother trying for an interview.

She just followed from a discreet distance to see if anything to extend this hot story came around. She decided she would give it two more days before giving up on it. She just had a feeling that something wasn't right, why wouldn't a girl get her 15 minutes of fame and instead avoid the press? It just didn't make sense to the seasoned field reporter.

Jezebel Andrews had to be hiding something or must be the most humble human she had ever heard of. Bernice was betting on the former, having decided the latter was an old wives tale long ago.

Her producer was already starting to give her pressure on it. The strange thing though is she kept losing the young woman, sometimes over a day would go by and then Jezebel showed up at her apartment with no one seeing her go in. She shrugged it off. Some people were good at avoiding the press.

She saw Jezebel duck into a bar, no doubt trying to lose any pursuers. She saw a few of her associates go in and then saw her come out the back way and move toward the college exit via the back alleys. She put down her binoculars and continued to follow from a distance. Bernice felt a bit nervous about the side of town the girl was moving toward but managed to stay close without being seen.

All the other reports and photographers were left behind. She was really starting to like this girl's style. She lifted her binoculars up and saw a bunch of people approaching the young woman. What's this? She pulled her camera out while approaching blindly so she wouldn't be seen. She needed to get this on tape, whatever was happening.

She put the small camera around the building and watched the screen to center her shot, the microphone picking up their ongoing argument.

Jezebel said, "Are you crazy! I'm being hounded by press and you are deciding now is a good time to start something? We could be watched right now for all I know, although I did do my best to lose them."

A large man in the crowd said angrily, his voice dripping with menace, "You got Niklis killed, and that's all we care about. After he saved every single demon in Portland at his mate's expense. I don't see anyone else here except for a soon to be dead traitor half breed."

Did he just say Demon? What the hell is this girl into, that's crazy, are they going to really try to kill her? She was definitely too old for this shit. She watched as the big guy attacked the young woman and... She was a martial artist expert? Holy shit! She just took that guy down hard. This is going to be hot news. Wait, is that fire? She shivered as the camera screen showed twisting flames and martial arts fighting. One girl against 20 large men... And she was kicking their asses.

Bernice felt a warm spot between her legs as she peed herself. But after twenty years in the business she held her small HD camera with a steady hand as she looked on in disbelief as the young woman took person after person down with her bare hands and streams of fire. Her arms and legs were moving gracefully through a crowd of brutes, almost like a dance.
