 NOTE: This is a work of fiction. Names, Characters, Places and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons living or dead, is entirely coincidental. This applies to all postings of Jezebel's Tale on Literotica.com.

The chapters won't match up to the posting numbers, don't worry, I didn't screw it up.

Chapter 1 – A World Split.

They were in Vegas... Hiding. Jezebel sighed. She missed the club, and college. She had however taken drastic measures and revealed the existence of Angels. Despite this helping she knew most of the Arches were angry, perhaps angry enough to have her killed. Daniel, Sandy and Natalie had talked her into this rash move. 

Despite her actions only Europe and Russia have followed North America's example and started helping the populations. In those three areas things had calmed down. Governments and citizens have started to see the benefits of living together.

On the other side Central America, South America, East Asia, Central Asia, Western Asia, Africa, Taiwan, Japan, Australia and various island chains were still having rioting. Hunting Demons and Angels had become the direction they were taking because the Arches refused to follow her lead. It made her sick to think of it, all those people dying, and for what? Because they were too proud to see the mistake they were making?

It wasn't the human's fault at all. After all what would anyone do if they see Angels coming out and healing in three major areas of the world, but not in their country? She knew she would be paranoid too, maybe even find and attempt to destroy the Angels. Stupid Arches.

She had been fighting hard with herself about passing down orders. Screw free will if so many people needed to die. She just couldn't do it though. Things would have to settle down now for those areas naturally. She had done the best she could, she couldn't save the stupid and blind. Those Arches were refusing to bow to reality.

Another problem was Penny, she still felt guilty about it a little, but she was living with it. Problem is Penny had been elected onto the council. That makes three council members who hate her guts. Even if Penny was one of the few who adopted her approach Jezebel was sure it was just about saving her Angels and preventing death. She was sure it was done in spite of the fact she was hated by Penny.

At least she had been able to save her Angels, she was still Arch of North America, and despite her not using her command abilities it was apparently not an empty title. She was shocked by the turn out of the Angels in her area of responsibility. It seemed they trusted her and quite willingly followed her lead. There was nothing she could do for those other places. They had come too far for her to go back on it now and demand obedience.

The last issue was entirely personal to Jezebel. She had been permanently wearing her blonde girl disguise. She missed her Raven hair and blue eyes. She missed her full lips and perky C cups. Her B's weren't too bad though. They looked good on this thinner frame. Her lips were thinner below a cute small nose. She still looked good no doubt, but she just missed her natural look.

She was born the way she normally looked, although she couldn't say for sure exactly what size her breasts would be, she had been messing with those for a while. But her long Raven hair and blue eyes, her face. Her sexy figure. That had just been her, and she missed it badly. The just hanging around was getting to her as well. She needed something to do.

No school, no dancing and no council. She was going to flip out. How the hell did some of the Arches do this for hundreds of years, just sit on their ass and watch their territory. It was killing her slowly. She had considered going to one of the strip clubs in Vegas and getting a job, but the others didn't want her to expose herself, it was maddening.

=====================

Penny sat in council and wondered for the millionth time how Jezebel hadn't strangled the lot of them, she may be a bitch that spread her legs to fast but her willpower to not use her command ability was damn impressive. She would have had Patricia and Katrina in line by now if she could. Probably a good thing then she didn't have the power. She understood why Jezebel didn't use her power, but it was still impressive.

They were discussing Jezebel's actions again and it was getting old, it was like they refused to see they were not in the past anymore. There was no hiding, not anymore. She had taken one look at the reports out of North America and adopted Jezebel's stance. People that watched the hospitals empty now had the hope of only dying from old age and accidents. Well most of them stopped the riot activities at that point.

Nothing was perfect, but it was a damn sight better. After all, if you were human and killed all the Angels what happens if you get cancer or some other fatal disease? What the council needed to be doing was guiding the rest of the Arches past their pride to the logical conclusion. Of course with Jezebel in hiding, it would be harder to put any real pressure behind that. The council was doing its best but had lost its teeth

She looked over Patricia again. The woman didn't seem capable of being so back stabbing as to use her grief for Patricia's own ends. She was ambitious, but she was nice as well. She turned her focus back to Katrina. Katrina seemed focused on gaining power for the council, in fact it was all she talked about most days, couched in higher sounding ideals or not.

She wasn't sure yet, but she was betting it was Katrina that was behind the plan to get rid of Jezebel. She would have to keep an eye on things. Find out the truth then crush the bitch. Whoever it was.

Sighing she spoke up, again, "Listen, I know Jezebel made you angry but your territories are being torn apart, as well as the others who haven't followed her lead. There is no turning back. You can't go back in hiding. You need to take your heads out of the sand and deal with it."

She couldn't wait until this was over. She knew Alanzo was waiting for her. They had been experimenting with different things and they were going to try handcuffs later.

She couldn't wait...

==========================

Billy AKA Head Agent Jim Thompson put the phone down and blew out his breath. It wasn't often he spoke to the President. Apparently his superiors had told the president that he had a contact into the supernatural through a Witch. Well he did, and she scared the crap out of him. His phone started ringing. What now?

"Agent Thompson here."

Sandy said in an innocent voice, "What can I do for you Billy?"

"Damn, do you have to be so creepy? Couldn't you wait until I called? It's ruining my memory of you pole dancing."

Sandy giggled, "Sorry Billy, you got a pen and paper handy?"

He grabbed his notepad and said, "Shoot."

Sandy said, "Bill Cyr, Tony Traylor and Mike Lemon. Those are three Angels already in the secret service. He just needs to get them transferred to his detail. Let me know if he needs more, I'll have Daniel put out the word to anyone else who has security or military training."

Sandy said, "Thanks by the way, it's good to know I still got it. Need anything else?"

Crap, she is one scary bitch, "No thanks Sandy, I appreciate the list."

Sandy said to his dismay, "Your welcome, and like the NSA isn't scary..."

He heard her disconnect the line and then left the President a message about the men he wanted. He then reported to his superiors. He was long since caring, let them freak out if they wanted. They might technically be from another world but they were born here Americans, and as far as he knew there were always Angels in all walks of life throughout human history. 

He would check on the names in his usual thorough way, but not with jaundiced eyes.

==============================

Daniel got off the phone with NY. His job was to run things in that area for his Arch, his lover, Jezebel. Running had been the right thing to do, but it was harder to get a pulse on things and he found himself on the phone more and more lately. He had called Stefan and Lydia before they left. Any calls made out of this house bounced through so many Russian satellites and ground systems it would take a miracle to track their location.

He was still a little worried, despite the shape changing and hiding their location, Elves were scary bastards, if one got hired it would turn bad. Hopefully for them but only if they remained careful. They had no servants so they were taking care of the house as well. It was definitely an adventure. Another worry he had was Jezebel herself.

She has been consumed lately with her mistakes, especially without an outlet, something else to focus on, like the two jobs and being a student she had in NY. He was initially shocked at Jezebel's solution to the Demon problem but he had to admit it was working great. Even if it had caused addition personal problems. 

He wishes she could see how much good she has done, she only ever focuses on the negative she did or something she can't control. Never mind all the Demons and Angels she has saved here and indirectly in Russia and Europe.

He does know his mate though, and knows how to stop her wallowing. She was a succubus after all, and he loves her. So he was off to prove it and cheer her up the best way he knew how. Daniel started getting hard as he hunted her down, planning exactly what to do with, and to her, in his mind. It didn't take too long to track her down in the kitchen. The house they were in was a pretty normal size.

He saw her eating at the kitchen table, looking down he saw she was wearing a thigh length skirt. Perfect. He just walked up behind her and moved her hair to the side and started kissing her delectable neck. He also missed her normal look, but it was a mental thing only. The blonde Jezebel was smoking hot, smaller tits not an issue at all.

He heard her moan softly and she turned her head to the side to give him better access to her neck, and he took advantage of it. He held her hair with one hand while he unzipped his pants. His hard cock felt relief as it was released from its prison. He pulled her hair to twist her head and kissed her lips from behind craning his own neck to the side to meet hers.

He had no idea how he got so lucky, half Angel and half succubus, and they in love with each other. Nothing was perfect of course, but that didn't matter, he wouldn't change his sex Demon for anything. He reached over her and shoved the plate out of the way and pulled her up by her hair. He kicked the chair to the side then moved forward, forcing her to bend over the table.

Her hot wet slit looked so good as his cock head slid up and down collecting the now dripping juices. 

His cock jumped when he heard Jezebel's sultry begging fuck me voice, "Put it in me now, fuck me Daniel!"

He spanked her hard once and then smoothly buried his hardness inside her in one stroke. A normal woman might have to get used to his girth and eight inch hard length, but not Jezebel. He felt her warm core start to massage his cock almost immediately with her tight and undulating walls. He grunted and started pounding into her hard and fast, pulling her hair back and arching her sexy body.

As she started screaming in ecstasy he felt her tight pussy lock down harder and start to milk his cock with warm wet friction. Her grasping succubus pussy was greedily demanding his cock cream as he plunged a couple of more times and buried himself. Without her using her succubus ability of control to stop it there was no way he could hold it in by himself, it felt too damn good inside her as he grunted and loosed his seed into her hot pussy.

He heard a noise behind him and turned, Natalie was standing there with a look of lust on her face. He smiled and pulled her over and on to her knees.

"Clean out my mess!" he demanded.

He watched as Natalie dove in and licked and sucked between Jezebel's pussy lips as he knelt down behind Natalie. He played with her hot sex with his fingers while his cock was revitalizing, with the excellent show it didn't take long. He couldn't wait to spear Natalie from behind while she ate his cum out of his succubus...

Chapter 2 – Invasion!

Uriel double checked all the orders given and approved. They wouldn't hesitate to follow the plan. They also would follow discretionary orders even with the quantum scrambler running. It was the simple expediency of telling them to follow all orders given on the battle field. Unless he ordered suicide that order would hold throughout the campaign.

He was getting ready to attack a continent called North America. They would come through somewhere in middle America and start the destruction. The orders were clear, the humans would be put back into a pre technology state, and the Angels would live and be under their orders if they found and killed this Jezebel. If they did not, well the Angels living there would all die as well.

Uriel knew Ambriela was invading Africa, while Gabriel would be taking Asia. He himself would roll down through South America once his job was done in the Northern continent. Once they went through they would all split up and attack multiple cities at once. Their powered armor would protect them from small arms and their edged swords would cut through just about anything.

They would have other tech as well, to deal with air and ground vehicles. He smiled at the thought of the oncoming slaughter. He had begun to despair that they would ever have another glorious fight to defend the future of their dimension. He did hope there would be some small challenge, though there were no way their enemies primitive tech could ever win.

As the portal opened he did have one disturbing though, last time these humans fought alone, this time they were fighting Demons and even Angels as well, though they too, would be on the losing side of the technology. He screamed out a war cry as his army poured through the gate.

==============================

Jezebel watched the television in disbelief, as if what was already going on wasn't bad enough. The Angels from the other dimension had brought war. She had thought to do the same for the invaders as she had done here. Planned to order them to ignore any and every order, which would stick until either she died or someone more powerful came around.

She figured it would at the least cause chaos in the enemy ranks. She was hoping though that it wouldn't be that bad, and most of them would rather live in peace than attack a World that didn't belong to them or threaten them in any way. It didn't work of course, not at all. They had come expecting it and were prepared.

She had opened her mind to do just that, and was overwhelmed by pain and knocked out as soon as she attempted to use her command ability. As far as her and Sandy could figure they must have some kind of jamming device. She didn't understand how that was possible. They were supposed to be much more advanced in science than they were on this world though, and Jezebel knew her understanding had no bearing on it working or not. They now had no choice but to fight.

She was watching the local news and there were Angels in Vegas... Attacking and destroying. They wore suits, she watched as the police shot at them, but the bullets had no effect. The swords the Angels were wielding looked to cut through anything they touched. Metal, people, cars, just about everything. They also had small devices attached to the arms on the suits. Wherever they pointed any technology was taken out. 

Electronics were being fried, electricity was cut off, cars would die. It was a nightmare. How could they have a chance? Humans didn't have anything to fight with. She watched as Blackhawks from the nearby military base came flying in, they did get off a couple of missiles killing a handful of the invaders, but after that they were taken down fast. With those devices all the invaders had to do was point.

Jezebel was getting angry, the Demons and Angels were not helping. She didn't know if fire could penetrate those suits, but surely they could get one of the swords? Angrily she started for the door, only to be intercepted by Daniel and Natalie. 

Daniel asked calmly, "Where do you think you are going?"

Jezebel glared, "To kill some of those fuckers, steal one of those fancy swords and kill a whole bunch more!"

Daniel nodded slowly, "And what will that accomplish, what if you die? What if the humans see an Angel and attack you?"

Jezebel nodded, "You're right, I can't go like this."

Daniel asked, "Like this?"

Jezebel stalked off to the bedroom shifting to her normal self on the way. She was done with this hiding bullshit. She needed to be visible. She went to the closet and put on a sexy tight fitting shirt, a short black skirt and knee high boots. Not exactly military wear but she was a succubus, and she looked good in it.

She had considered leather clothes, as they would be more protective. She realized though it would make no difference, not against those impossibly sharp swords. Then she turned around, and made for the door again, she felt so damn good as herself again.

They stopped her again and she sighed.

"Look," she explained, "I need to go out there, because there are no Angels out there. I need to be myself doing it. The humans will recognize me which will cut out friendly fire. Our Angels will also recognize me, and so will the Demons. Why aren't the Angels fighting? What the fuck is the council doing? This was the whole councils point, mutual defense, and they are hiding and letting humans die.

"If I go out there and I am seen, the Angels will follow their Arches lead, even if only here in North America we can make a huge difference. Right now they are leaderless because you have me hiding as a blonde. I am done with that, let assassins come, I'll either kick their ass too or I will die trying. But I am not hiding, not anymore. So either come with me and help, or get out of my way. Either way you won't be stopping me."

She watched as they decided. She was surprised Sandy wasn't here, but she was sure whatever Sandy was doing, it was important. Maybe she couldn't help? If the Witches don't vote as a whole to come out it would get her killed if she uses her power in the open. She decided Sandy is probably pushing for that to happen right now.

Daniel and Natalie decided to come, Jezebel knew they would, and felt a little guilty for how she treated her mates. But it was her job to lead, and that's what she was doing. It didn't take them long to find a group of three moving down the street. So far the invaders hadn't met anything that could take them so they were spreading out more and more. Jezebel hoped they were making a mistake.

Jezebel tried her fire before they got to close, the suits and not the Angel's themselves threw up some kind of shield. She tried to overwhelm the armor, using multiple streams but it had no effect. The armor seemed able to defend against her magic. She rushed one, praying that Daniel and Natalie would be okay before she reached that place of calm within.

Jezebel avoided his sword and danced around her enemy, but her attacks were getting her nowhere fast. Her opponent was completely dependent on his technology and not the fighting arts and seemed unable to hit her. It appeared to be a stalemate, her attacks worthless and his unable to hit. She decided to try one more thing. Maybe the suits were protected from Demonic abilities and basic projectiles only. What about her Angelic abilities?

She started to project fear, sadness and hopelessness at the soldier and it did seem to have an effect. His attacks became even more imbalanced and basic then before. The next time he overextended she spun into close range and grappled with his sword arm, trying to take the sword. 
