 Chapter 2 – Unforeseen complications.

I slowly woke up to the feeling of my staff being stroked and my balls being licked. My body jumped and I gasped in surprise and panic. I looked down and saw Marie pleasuring me. Am I dreaming? I heard a cross between a giggle and a snicker from the side of the bed and when I looked over and saw Nikki it all came rushing back.

Nikki winked at me and crossed the room and sat in my roommate's bed. Sam would be back later today I supposed. He went home for the weekend if I recall right. It was really hard to think with Marie's tongue doing amazing things to the sensitive underside of my hardness. I looked at Nikki questioningly, I was still a bit confused as I had just gone with the flow last night, not wanting at all to question and possibly mess up the impending threesome.

What can I say? I am a guy after all...

She looked at me knowingly and said without moving her lips, directly into my mind, "She loves you very much you know. She wants it to be just the two of you right now. When she gives up her virginity to you."

I didn't think it was time to see if I had that particular talent, and even if I did it wasn't the time to learn it. So I just generally thought about things, wondering why the threesome last night, and how they both felt about things. I figured my angel would be able to read my mind, so no need to send exactly.

Nikki smiled naughtily and winked. Then I heard her voice in my head again, "Well, the truth is we both have you in common, following you around all the time. You are a much better man than you give yourself credit for. Last night wasn't exactly off the cuff. We have spoken about you a lot."

My angel actually blushed then continued in my head, "Well... One of the things we talked about was our desire for you, I like her quite a lot, love her in fact. We sort of agreed to share you. We also agreed that we wouldn't prevent you from finding someone human and alive. Preferably someone who would share with us, but that's hardly a requirement. Right now it's her turn, I get you later. 

"And no, you get no choice, you are a good man, and you would get all caught up in giving us equal time and not hurting anyone's feelings. So we are taking that responsibility on ourselves. All you have to do is love and enjoy us. Don't feel trapped either, if you ever change how you feel we will back off. This is only about us sharing you, between Marie and I."

I was having a hard time holding myself back, I decided not to, reasoning that I would gain more control and make round 2 all about Marie's pleasure. It was a totally selfless decision, had nothing at all to do with wanting to blow my load in her beautiful mouth.... I heard Nikki snicker softly across the room.

Nikki said inside my head, "Crap, I'll be back later. I am being... Summoned by my supervisor."

I somehow managed to think see you later and bye before she disappeared while smiling at my effort. I looked down at Marie and she looked up into my eyes. So many emotions passed through me at that moment, all the fantasy's I had in my teens about her, the fact that we could finally actually touch and be together. Her eyes were telling me that she wants to be down there and that all her fantasies were coming true as well.

I couldn't hold it at that point and exploded into her mouth, filling Marie with my seed as she milked and sucked it out of me. I reached down and pulled her down on the bed next to me and kissed her, her naked body pressed against me, the heat of her wet core against my side.

I whispered, "Morning babe. That was amazing Mare."

I slowly kissed down her neck, and then I nibbled on her earlobe. She took a gasping breath as I brushed one of her nipples with a fingertip as I caressed the back of her neck with the other hand. Her body yielded to my caresses, I found no resistance at all as she surrendered her body to my attentions. I ran my hand down her body as I kissed my way to her hardened nipples.

I drew one into my mouth and lightly bit her nipple as my hand reached her core. Teasingly I ran my middle finger from her dark star to her sensitive nub. Then I followed her silken folds, tracing around them teasingly soft as I sucked that nipple in a little harder. I heard her gasp as her back arched. Her breasts pushed up into my face and her sweet warm mound pushed against my hand.

I separated her soft folds with ring and index finger as my middle finger slipped between them, slowly probing into her tight wet honey pot. I slowly teased her warmth, getting it ready for my pole which was already rock hard again. When her body begged me for more by arching and thrusting to fully envelope my middle finger I inserted another to tease the opening a little further apart.

I pushed down on her sensitive nub with my thumb as I slipped in that second finger and curled, rubbing the sensitive inside wall of her core. 

She gasped out, "Jim, oh god don't stop. I'm cuuuuming."

Her soft folds tightened down on my fingers as her body writhed beneath me. I stayed away from her clit but kept slowly circling my fingers inside her as she came down from the intense orgasm. I removed my now soaked hand and asked her, "Would you like to be on top love? They say that's easiest for the first time."

She smiled at me, her face filled with the ecstasy of just cumming and complete trust in me in her eyes.

She said in a voice full of need and confidence, "No, maybe later though. I want you to take me the first time. I want you to be in control."

I moved up her body and started to kiss her as I climbed between her legs. I could feel the warmth and wetness of her virgin core against my cock. I hardened further, my rod twitching in anticipation. I started to rub my wide tip up and down her lips. Despite the orgasm lubricating her and me stretching her out with two fingers as much as I could she was still incredibly tight as the head of my cock slipped through her silken folds and into her honey pot.

I kissed her and caressed her body, trying to ensure she didn't tighten up. I slowly pushed forward until I felt it, the barrier holding me back from filling her up. I put her legs up and got to my knees to free my hands and started to play with her clit and one of her nipples as I rocked inside her the small amount that was now possible.

In a short time I had her gasping again and cumming, right when I felt she was about to start tightening up I gave a short hard thrust, to just penetrate the hymen and no further. Then I froze as she cried out in both pain and ecstasy. Her warmth closed around me tightly as she came. I waited as she panted and cried out. Shortly when her breathing slowed a bit and her vise grip on my girth abated, I resumed my slow slide forward, a little at a time.

Soon I was buried balls deep inside her with all 7 inches. Her wet warmth hugged and conformed to my length. I kissed her with passion as I stayed buried deep inside her. When there was no more evidence of pain in her face I tweaked a nipple and her clit then slowly pulled out and then fully entered her again.

I did that over and over again until her body arched and impaled itself on me. I knew then her body was ready for more so I started to saw in and out of her, slowly picking up speed with each stroke. Being with her was better than anything I could have imagined or fantasized about, her warmth stimulated my cock with warm wet friction as I plundered her virginal depths with every stroke. 

Despite the blowjob earlier I had to concentrate on sports, and other things, to hold myself back. She was so tight, and felt so good I found myself in precarious control of my impending orgasm. I did manage to hold back though, barely.

Marie started mewling as I started to pound into her and manipulate her clit at the same time. Her legs now over my shoulders, my balls were slapping the bottom of her luscious ass with every stroke of my manhood in her sweet hole. She screamed my name when she came and I gasped when her pussy locked down on me and started milking my rod.

"Oh my god Marie, I can't hold back anymore."

She moved her legs and locked them around my body, pulling me into her as deep as I could go as I started to shoot my load into her honey pot. I caught myself on my elbows against the bed when I collapsed and kissed Marie, suckling on her bottom lip. I kept myself inside her long past when her body was done milking me.

When I pulled out I held her for a while, not talking just being.

Marie whispered, "Thank you, I knew you would make it good for me."

Looking worried she said, "You are taking this really well, I thought you would be a little more freaked out about it. Me being a ghost and all."

I nodded. "That is kind of strange," I agreed. "Me not freaking out I mean, probably has something to do with our long history, and the fact I love you. Ghost or not you have always been here for me. Speaking of always being here, you know why Nikki had to leave?"

She nodded and bit her lip. She said reluctantly, "Being with you is borderline rule breaking for an angel, but only because normally humans can't sense their guardian much less see and interact. The rule is meant to prevent... Rape... Of the human being guarded. Even if they wouldn't notice it would still be a violation. 

"You see, humans normally can't feel angels, but they can feel humans. So it was a simple thing for an angel to catch a ride so to speak when a human masturbates. So that rule was made. Angels are a randy bunch if you haven't caught that yet. They have absolutely no shame when it comes to physical pleasures.

"Anyway, it's a rule that shouldn't apply to you, her supervisor is kind of an ass though, I met him a few years back. To make matters worse he has a thing for her, so jealousy is involved. They were never together either, she can't stand him, but in a way that makes it worse. His crush has turned into a virtual obsession over the years."

I nodded, realizing I was getting ripe I kissed Marie then hopped up and asked if she wanted to join me in the shower.

She replied, "Can't, water is bad for a ghost, it can't hurt us, but it messes with the energy flows which weakens us a bit. It just wouldn't feel good."

Nodding I said, "Bummer, that would have been fun." I winked and waggled my eyebrows at her suggestively then said, "Probably just as well, if someone walked in on us when we were playing it would probably look strange, with you being invisible and all."

Marie giggled and said, "Clown, go wash. Your roommate should be back soon, you need to decide if you will tell him about me. It could get awkward if he walks in here with you fucking the air. He may even faint when your cock appears to disappear into nothing."

"Hmmm, good point. I think he might be trustworthy, at the very least I don't think he would spread rumors, even if he did think I was nuts. You should think on it too if you don't already have an opinion on it," I said. "Be back in a few."

I threw on a robe to walk down to the dorm bathroom and take care of the three S's. It was kind of strange as I thought over things. I never was much of a player. One woman at a time was my rule. It was just easier that way, one was enough for me. Now I had two, through no effort of my own, and apparently I was out of the decision circle as long as I wanted to keep them.

I am a guy though, so it was pretty much a no brainer to go with the flow, especially for those two women. After I was done I headed back to the room for some fresh clothes, I thought maybe we could all go to a movie, ironically it would be a cheap date since I would only need the one ticket. As I got close to my dorm room I felt something... Wrong. 

Evil was in my room. 

I had been wondering about that other shoe, the bad part of my expanded abilities. Didn't take it long to show itself. I decided to play dumb, maybe get the surprise on this thing so I just walked into the room.

God bless Marie, she didn't say or do anything, didn't even look at me to give away the fact I could see her.

"Hey Sam, have a good weekend?" I asked.

I glanced over his way and saw another angel, she had the same facial structure and body type as Nikki did. Her hair and eyes were different though, being auburn and green. She was glaring at the dark shadow that was close to Sam, apparently she couldn't do anything about it though and she didn't look happy about it at all.

Sam replied, "Pretty good, got wasted with some old friends, been feeling a bit off today though, don't know why."

I thought at her in an officious tone, "Report!" I was changing into jeans before dropping my robe and putting on a shirt. My silliness came out with the nervousness, making me somewhat of a wise ass. It's not something I can really help, it just happens, and a dark entity made me very nervous.

I saw the surprise in her eyes, but she did not give me away to the demon entity, in my mind I heard a sexy sultry voice. If angels did phone sex hotlines she would be a star.

"Hi, I'm Andrea, Sam's guardian angel. I can't attack the demon since by the rules he invited him along through stupidity. I know Sam would be horrified to know that, but of course he doesn't, he was just open to it because of what he did over the weekend."

I thought back "Hi Rea, I have no idea what to do but I'll try and blast it with light energy. Unless you tell me that's a bad idea." 

Hoping she liked the nickname I just gave her I walked over and clapped Sam on the shoulder and asked, "You up for a late lunch? I haven't eaten yet."

I pictured a river of light energy leaving my hand and blasting the demon.

Nothing happened.... Shit.

I'm glad I didn't throw out some wise ass line like Buffy does when she stakes a vamp, I am definitely silly enough to do it, but thanks to not doing so my failure to produce did not tip off the demon. I saw Andrea grimace at my thoughts so I continued my monologue in my head adding that it's only my first day with my new powers so chill the fuck out, I am trying.

She looked guilty which in turn made me feel bad. I knew she was just upset about her charge and my friend. I tried to think about how this power thing worked. Emotion seemed to be the key. My passion for Marie is what fed her power to make her more solid. My fear of the big ghost knocking me on my ass caused me to make him untouchable for me.

Despite the demon being scary I came in here with calmed emotions, looking at things clinically. Apparently that wasn't going to work. Maybe the power switch lived in my emotion center?

Sam shook his head and answered my question, "I don't think I am up for food, not sure I would keep it down."

I thought about Sam, possessed by evil, corrupted, damned. It pissed me off. I pictured loading a gun with all my anger at this demon and for the second time tried to open the gates and destroy this demon. 

Bright energy burst from my hand and shot toward the inky black creature. But not enough, I'm pretty sure I just hit a Bengal tiger with a fly swatter. I heard the demon scream a litany of curses. A shield of dark energy surrounded the entity. Holding off my attack. The demon laughed at my efforts.

"Nice try human, you took me by surprise, I have heard of no new demon slayers on the material plane. After I kill you I will slowly destroy this puppet you tried to protect." 

Then he glanced, I am not sure how I knew because he really didn't have a face, at Marie and said, "And perhaps I will take this ghost as my slave and slowly corrupt her soul over a century or two."

When I heard Marie's gasp of fear, genuine heart stopping fear, I lost my mind to a pure righteous rage and a need to protect.

The last blinding white flash of power was as a candle to a forest fire as the gate in my mind was ripped apart. The trickle that had become a creek of slow running light suddenly became a fast moving river of power that ripped through his shields like tissue paper. The demon body made of the dark energy was torn apart and dissipated so fast it didn't have time to even scream. The evil unprotected spirit fled this world before it could be destroyed.

Sam looked at me concerned, not seeing or hearing anything that just went on, only knowing that I started to hyperventilate and my face twisted with fear and rage. I was struggling to damn the river back up but nothing I tried was working. Even knowing they were only thoughts every time I started to build a dam in my mind the energy ripped it apart. 

I started to sweat, worried that I would burn up with the light energy coursing violently through me. Then I came up with a crazy idea, it was a powerful light energy that ripped through anything I tried blocking it with. But the fact it was still light was the key. 

I don't know if it was the idea that worked, or just my belief that the idea would work. Either way it did. I painstakingly built a mirror based laser system in my head, the mirrors that would not try to absorb or stop the energy, but simply reflect it away, back to the world where it belonged.

This would not only stop it, but would allow me to focus it better in the future. As I successfully stopped the energy from entering the world through me I suddenly felt extremely weak, as if I had run a marathon then went to work all day. I managed to collapse in the direction of the bed. My eyes closed and my consciousness fled before I hit the mattress.