 Chapter 3 -- Vampires! 

I woke up with a splitting headache, I was sandwiched between Marie and Nikki, and they were both watching me but looked kind of faint, transparent. I could tell Nikki yelled at me but I barely hear her.

"Cut o?? light com??etely. Let s?me thr??gh!"

I worked out what she was saying, I cut out the light completely yesterday, now I was having trouble seeing and hearing them as my energy was too low. I adjusted the imaginary mirrors in my mind to allow some of the energy through and both the ladies solidified. I could see Marie had been crying. Looking over at the clock I saw it was 6am, I must have slept 18 hours. Nikki verified by nodding at me.

"You ok Marie?"

"I was worried about you, you wouldn't wake up! And whatever you did to block the energy worked too well, I couldn't even visit your dreams," she said her voice breaking.

I hugged her close and caressed her while apologizing, "Sorry for scaring you, the power I used to kill the demon almost overwhelmed me, I had to figure something out fast, and then I passed out before I could refine it."

Being Monday morning I got up and headed to the shower to get ready for classes. In my second year I still had a lot of general classes to attend, Monday's being the busiest. After I showered I realized I needed to talk to Marie about something, I didn't really want to but it was the right thing to do.

Nikki looked at me in approval as I went over to Marie. I took her by the hand so she would know it's a serious subject. Sparing a quick glance to make sure Sam was still sleeping before I started.

I said, "Marie I love you, and I don't want you to go anywhere, but I figured out some things yesterday. I can even see the energy that connects us. I think when we died, we travelled together toward heaven, and when I was saved and pulled back to my body, well, it looks like I reached out for you and pulled you back with me. Somehow I bound you to me with that trickle of energy.

"Like I said, I don't want you to go anywhere, but if you decide you want to move on, be with your family in the afterlife and wait for me there, well, I would understand. I just had to put that out there, it would be wrong for me to keep you here against your will. Now that I understand how you are here and that I can release you. Take some time to think about it anyway."

She kissed me and shook her head as if saying no, but went on to say, "I don't know, I can't imagine leaving you but I will think it over today. Go to class, I will be here when you get back."

I headed for my first class, English Lit 101, not my favorite by any stretch. When I took a seat in the back of the room I had a lot on my own mind. That's when I noticed Nikki wasn't right next to me. I looked around wondering where she had gotten to when I looked at the stage with the lectern on it. I saw a petite girl with long blond hair up in a pony tail. My eyes got wide as I recognized Nikki.

She had on a red and white cheerleader outfit, skirt ridiculously short, shirt conforming to her upper body, tight and showing midriff. My cock stirred, my angel was totally cheating by pulling one of my fantasies strait from my head. However I would complain to her about it exactly never.

She started tumbling and doing cartwheels, I immediately noticed she did not have panties on. At some point a far off part of my mind noted the professor came in and started the lecture, I didn't hear a word of it.

My angel was doing a cheer, her shirt clearly said in the back team Jim. While she was doing her little routine she was somehow playing a song directly inside my head, pour some sugar on me. She had me hard as a rock with her suggestive moves, not to mention her obviously wet core and cute puckered star on display.

She did handsprings up the stairs to the back where I was sitting and started to grind her body against me. I gasped as she straddled over one of my hands which was on the armrest and started grinding herself against me to the beat of the song. The look of lust and need on her cute innocent face completely undid me.

She smiled at me impishly, clearly relishing the effect she had on me.

She said the following silently, straight into my head in a sultry seductive whisper that made my cock jump, "I am shielding us with light. All anyone else will see is you sitting here. But what is really going to happen is this."

Her sultry voice took on a more commanding tone, "I am going to suck on that wonderful fuck stick of yours. Then I am going to straddle you facing away from you and fuck your brains out.

"You may not touch me. Keep your arms glued to the armrests."

My cock jumped in my pants. Apparently she knew more about me than I did, because the thought of her being in control totally turned me on to my surprise. I was also starting to realize I had underestimated Marie's meaning when she told me angels are a randy bunch. Apparently the understatement of the year. 

She nodded at me in satisfaction at my silent acceptance of her rules. She dropped to her knees and opened up my pants to pull out my cock. I held off a moan of pleasure as she enveloped my cock with her warm hot mouth. Then she surprised me again.

A normal person can't suck dick and talk dirty at the same time, but when you can speak mind to mind that limitation is removed. I so badly wanted to grab her hair and hold the back of her head as she took me into her mouth, her chin tapping my balls as she pleasured me with her lips, tongue and throat. She buried me deep in her throat and hummed, creating amazing sensations on the tip of my cock, but while she was doing that she was also saying dirty things directly in my mind.

"Mmm, you taste so good down my throat. You like your dirty slut angel to control your cock don't you. I bet you want to grab my hair and fuck my throat, you better be a good boy and do as you're told and I might let you use my throat as a fuck hole. Fill my stomach with your nasty cock juice, claim my mouth as your toy."

She kept up the dirty talk until I couldn't take it anymore. It took all my will power to keep my hands on the arm rests as I shot my load down her throat, but I managed it. Barely. I came so hard I almost passed out when I forgot to breathe for a while.

I believed consistency of style in bed made things stale, trying new things kept things fun, and apparently my angel agreed, or at least was willing to accommodate me in multiple styles. I was not shocked when I came down from my orgasm and she straddled my lap, the nasty slut look gone completely as she looked at me with a deep boundless love. 

It seemed natural now that she so easily anticipated what I wanted. Her kiss was incredible, it filled me with energy and my manhood which was deflating turned hard again. 

She whispered in my ear, "You can move your arms now lover."

I wrapped my arms around her waist and grabbed her ass. I slowly impaled her between her silken folds, lowering her onto me. She melted forward against me kissing my neck softly as I held her aloft, teasingly lowering her an inch at a time. If I thought her mouth was incredible her warmth was unbelievable. So soft, warm and wet inside her. 

Yet she was stimulating and milking me with what felt like thousands of tiny muscles that she could control individually. 

Remembering that her body was actually highly organized light energy I realized that was entirely possible. By the time I was buried inside her, I was almost ready to come again.

"Stop that for a bit please. You first, you can blow my mind later with muscle control Nikki. Right now I want to feel your body tremble in ecstasy, and that means I need to last longer than 15 seconds."

She giggled at my plaintiveness and smiled at me for putting my need to please her above my own selfish pleasure for the moment. Her enveloping warmth still felt amazing wrapped around my manhood, but it felt closer to normal.

I started bouncing her up and down on me with my hands on her ass to help support her. She was able to relax and enjoy the ride, only bothering with small grinding movements to increase our pleasure leaving the heavy lifting to me. 

As she panted and moaned into my neck I had the idea to use my power that I now had under control for the most part. I opened up the window just a little bit, and sent shards of power to engulf her nipples, her clit and stimulate her dark star.

As my energy twisted, pinched and rubbed plus the benefit of adding energy to her form she cried out my name as her honey pot locked around my dipper and started milking me. I had no chance at all to hold back as all her core muscles worked an unbelievable symphony of pleasure on my cock from base to tip.

I lost control of the energy for a moment when I came explosively inside her womb, my batter filling her up combining with my energy causing her to orgasm again. She lost all muscle control as her body trembled and her honey shot out around my cock, soaking my balls and thighs.

We just stayed like that for a few minutes, breathing heavily and trying to recover. She raised her head away from my neck and looked at me, her eyes tearing from the intense orgasm and overstimulation. She kissed me tenderly and caressed my face then looked deep into my eyes.

Nikki said, "That surprised me, the energy thing. Wow is all I have to say."

She got off of me carefully, then got on her knees with a loving smile and cleaned me off with her tongue. She licked our combined juices off my thighs, balls and staff. She then tucked me in and closed up my pants. When she stood her white angel outfit was on, the sexy cheer uniform gone.

All through the rest of classes she stared at me like I was the best thing since sliced bread. I adored her as well, but I couldn't figure out what she saw in me. Every time I thought something like that she just shook her head in disbelief and smiled wider though. 

===================================

About half way through my last class, about 5pm, Andrea appeared on stage and looked around frantically, when her eyes found me she rushed up. With a panicked look on her face she said, "Sam is gone, some vampires took him!"

"Vampires are real?" I asked sounding dumbfounded.

Nikki answered, "Yes, they aren't intrinsically evil like demons, but they do live on dark energy which is generated from feeding on blood, so most of them are a little sadistic at the least. Plus with dark energy we angels can't read their minds to find out which, so it's usually a good idea to be wary."

I nodded, "Can you take us to him Rea? I assume you know where he is?"

Andrea nodded frantically and started babbling as we headed out of the class.

"So there was this girlfriend Sam had from high school, Gabriela. They got along great but broke up before Sam left for college. He deeply regretted it, but he didn't think the long distance thing would work, so rather than a long hard breakup with bad feelings for the one that moved on first he went with the clean break.

"Anyway she showed up a couple of weeks ago, vampire now. I couldn't read her mind but she still acted like the girl I knew. Anyway, the rest of her coven got to town last night, they took Sam a few minutes ago after it turned dark. I came and got you, still not sure if Gabriela is a danger, but the coven definitely is a danger, evil bastards."

I followed Andrea as she ran off campus to the north. There was an abandoned building, a fairly big guy out front. I figured him for a vampire when I saw the dark energy rolling around his form. He smiled at me menacingly as I walked up to the door, he was either ignoring the angels or he couldn't see them.

Andrea answered him in his head, "Ignoring, they can see us but they know we can't interfere with other mortals, dark energy or not, vampires are considered mortal. We can only protect our charges from demons and accidents. And only demons when our charges aren't stupid enough to invite them in. Free will and all that."

Looking at the vampire I said, "I am here for Sam, I don't want any trouble but I am not leaving without him. Gabriela is going too, if she wants to come with us."

The vampire sneered at me and said, "Leave now and I'll give you a head start before I hunt you down and kill you."

I pondered, "I suppose just going around killing vampires would be bad?"

Nikki answered out loud, "Well, I wouldn't say bad exactly, but there are good ones, so not just a willy nilly shoot first type of attitude. This guy for example is a cruel bastard who likes to murder and torture people. Most vampires just take a drink and compel their victim to forget because it's smart and doesn't call attention. Some few even eat cleanly for moral reasons."

I said to my angel with a smile, "Willy nilly? Really?"

I turned back to the vampire and said, "There you go, my angel says I can just kill you, are you sure you won't let me just go get my friends?"

The vampire growled and lunged. I was waiting for it but the bastard moved faster than I expected, but a flash of light doesn't take long at all either. While I was flying back about 40 feet the vampire collapsed like someone cut puppet strings. I would guess the dark energy is what they use to maintain and control the body. The body is still alive, but only through the dark energy, not the normal human way. So he just collapsed when my light energy ate his dark.

I pushed myself off the ground, using some energy to heal my broken arm and other internal injuries. Then I surround myself with light energy, any vampire getting closer than 2 feet will go down, they are too fast otherwise. If he had gone for a neck snap back there instead of a push, I would be dead right now.

"So, is the vampire dead? Or can some other vampire jump start him back up with dark energy?"

Nikki replied, "Jump start, you need to destroy the heart or brain, or separate them by cutting out the heart or decapitation."

Nodding I adjust the mirrors in my head for a concentrated burst of light energy. It looked like a thin laser beam coming out of my hand as it struck his chest and burned straight through his body. It burnt his heart to a crisp and left a small hole running all the way it. Pondering what I did made me realize I needed to be very careful with that, there were breakable things around, like humans, trees, cars, and large buildings.

I heard Rea snicker at my last thought. Nikki was too used to my strange sense of humor and just smiled.

"Time to go, can you tell what floor he is on?"

Andrea answered, "The top one."

I said, "Let's go, before they do something permanent to Sam."

I was able to sense the vampires with a little concentration by sensing the dark energy around me. I avoided all contact with it and we took the back stairwell up to the top floor. There were only 4 vampires in there, I assumed one human, but I couldn't sense normal people at all having no light or dark energy in their bodies.

Sam and I needed to have a talk about being more careful in the future. This was the second time in as many days I was here to save his ass. Crap, Marie is going to kick my ass, I totally forgot in all the excitement she is probably waiting for me. I asked Nikki in the silence of my mind to let her know what was going on and where we were. 

A couple of seconds later I felt the light energy connection between us spark and my ghost appeared out of nowhere. Cool trick, wonder if I would be able to do the same thing, but then again summoning her to me like a dog, I don't imagine a woman would appreciate that at all.

She didn't seem happy that I was putting myself in danger again, but apparently I would get a reprieve from the lecture as silence was important for the moment. We snuck in the top floor from the stairwell door and ducked down behind some over turned desks. They were all in the next room and we could hear them talking.

"Gabriela my dear, you are a foolish girl. Did you really think we would let you go? I found you, raised you into a higher life form and you pay me back with betrayal, with running away. You try to hide behind this useless human cow? And what am I to do with you? The human will die of course, but is that punishment enough, or will your run again?"

I heard a young woman start to cry and I ground my jaw together in anger. Well that answered the question whether Gabriela is in on it or not question.

"Please don't hurt him," Gabriela blubbered, "he was the only one I could think of that I knew outside of town, it's my fault for running away."

The older voice sighed, "Yes, and he will pay for your foolishness, then you will be confined for the next 30 years, just to teach you not to run from me or the coven. I made you, your sweet ass belongs to me, and don't you ever forget it again."

I have never considered myself the hero type, but certain things piss me off and make me see red. High among them is slavery, torture and rape. Not to mention killing my friends. Certain now that this Gabriela was innocent and Sam was close to death I got up and strolled into the room. It was dark so I held a ball of light energy in the palm of my hand. 

I was flanked by my beautiful angel and Sam's angel, though they could do nothing to help they did help me by just feeling their calming presence. My sexy ghost was at my back and would warn me if anyone tried to sneak up behind me.

Sam was tied and gagged on the floor but conscious, his eyes wide with fear. Gabriela was not tied up but was bracketed by two overly large goons, she wasn't going anywhere. The vampire that had been speaking was over by the window.

Gabriela was absolutely gorgeous. I let out a silent atta boy in Sam's direction. She had light chocolate smooth skin, long dark brown hair and liquid brown eyes. I looked away and frowned when I saw she was exposed from the waste up, her shirt had been ripped and her tits were hanging out. What has this asshole been doing?

The guy in charge at the window looked to be about 32 years old but who knows how old he really was, he turned to me and said, "Who the hell are you and how did you get in here?"

I drawled out, "Name is Jim, and I am here for Sam and Gabriela. Who are you exactly?" My southern accent kicked in hard when I was pissed off. Right now I was sounding like a back woods hick.

I could see Sam's panic at seeing me there. His eyes were urging me to run.

The asshole said, "You can call me master, so why would you believe I will not just kill you."

I know I shouldn't have, but I did. Making the obvious insult I said, "So masterbater, who is your second."

He glared at me and answered, I am not sure why he did, "Steph is my second, why the hell did you want to know that for? It won't help you get out alive."

I nodded. "Well you see, I don't deal with rapists or torturers, so I needed to find out who to talk to after I kill you."

The ball of light in my hands flashed, a copy of itself shot out at the speed of light and ripped through his chest leaving a hole 4 inches wide. His heart was just gone, I saw the confused look on his face as he collapsed.

I turned to the two goons with a friendly smile and said, "Howdy, would you get Steph in here, maybe everyone else can go home happy tonight. At least that is my hope. Oh, and get a damn shirt on her so she can cover up will you please."

One of the goons headed for the stairs and called for Steph, the other grabbed a shirt from one of the rooms on the floor and threw it over to Gabriela.

The goon that got the shirt said in a tight fearful voice, "Who the hell are you? What are you?"

I answered, "Their friend of course, haven't you been following along with events?"

Chuckling I continued, "Sorry, bad habit I have making flip jokes in tense situations. As I already said my name is Jim and Sam here is my friend, what I am however is complicated."
