 Chapter 4 – Mia wants to run more tests.

It had been a quiet for a couple of weeks following our vampire adventure. Sam did okay accepting the ghost and angel thing. He was so smitten with Gabriela now that the two were hardly ever apart after nightfall. Stephanie came by to thank me again and introduced me to all her girls. 

They were all so hot, but still damaged and healing from their ordeal. Sex didn't even enter my mind despite the hero's reward they obviously offered. Plus I had my hands full with my wild angel and my sweet ghost.

A threesome is great once in a while, but keeping two women satisfied on a daily basis was difficult, but entirely worth it. I was getting ready for class after lunch when there was a knock on the door. Opening up I saw it was Mia. I couldn't help but check her out. She was so damn hot with that petite oriental body, beautiful face and generous C cups.

The gals were harping on me getting a normal human girl. Even though I was more than happy with them, they were concerned. They said it was fun, and they loved me, but it was natural and important to actually have someone I could marry and even have children with someday. Preferably with someone they could share with of course.

Mia smiled at me but it was strained, I imagine she got hit on a lot, note to self and all that.

I asked, "What brings you by Mia?"

She answered in a low murmur, "It's about the test you took for me."

Since the hallway wasn't a good place for that conversation I invited her in and offered her a beverage. She asked if I had iced tea so I grabbed a bottle out of the mini fridge and invited her to sit at the desk.

She looked a little uncomfortable so I tried to reassure her, "Just explain why you're here and ask, I won't get upset and the worst I will say to you is no."

She blushed and said, "Well we finished the trials, and you are the only one who exhibited any indications of hallucinating people and voices. I was wondering if we could run some separate tests to see if the drug could have brought that out because of a...." She trailed off.

I raised my brow and said halfway asking, "A pre existing condition?"

Mia nodded so I sighed. "What do you need me to do? I do not think I want to take any other drugs, but if it would help I could submit to some questions maybe, some behavioral test? Would that help?"

Mia said, "That would be great, we don't need you to take any drugs. That would bias the test. We need to prove a link with no medicine."

I nodded and said, "That makes sense, so the pay would be?" Hey, I wanted to help her out, even spend some more time with her, but it would have been strange not to ask.

Mia said, "50 bucks, but this would be no drugs and only a few hours in the afternoon, as opposed to last time which took a lot longer and of course drugs were involved."

Damn, her scent reached me and it was intoxicating, I locked my gaze on her eyes and face fighting the urge to check her out again. Why does this woman always make me feel like a pimply teenager full of hormones?

I answered her question, "Makes sense to me, so what time should I show up, and is it in the same lab?"

She nodded and said, "Yes, same place, I'll see you Saturday at 2pm?"

"Sounds good to me, I'll see you then Mia, unless there is anything else?"

She got up and walked toward the door. I couldn't help myself as my eyes dropped down to her well toned legs and sexy ass. Of course I didn't look back up in time as she turned to wave and nailed me practically drooling over her backside. Wait, was that a smile I saw when she left, or just wishful thinking on my part?

========================================

Saturday came quickly and despite the seriousness of the appointment I was really looking forward to seeing Mia, what I didn't know was what Marie and Nikki had planned. Seems my obsessive thinking about Mia two days ago got passed to Marie, so they were going to help somehow. At least that was my guess based on their naughty grins as I walked out the door.

I walked in the office and seemed to be the only one there, checking the clock I saw I was five minutes early so I just grabbed a chair and waited. Mia walked in a minute late. I had to suppress the urge to drop my jaw. Her normally long flowing raven hair was put up exposing her long slender creamy mouth watering neck. She had on Jade earrings and just enough makeup to enhance her naturally beautiful facial features and skin. 

She was wearing a cut off shirt with a low v neck exposing her tight stomach and the generous cleavage of her C cup breasts. She had a short skirt on, her perfect toned and creamy skin legs on display.

I swallowed hard. The woman was trying to kill me for sure.

After an awkward moment of silence I got my mouth working and brilliantly said, "Hi."

She smiled at me knowingly, but standoffishly, it was a weird mix, half putting me off and half enjoying the attention so I decided to test the waters, "You look fantastic today."

She actually blushed but then cleared her throat, and her voice came out all business, "Let's go back to the interview room."

Talk about mixed signals, I asked, "Is the professor coming, or just us?"

"Just us," she said. "Take a seat."

I sat down and my eyes slipped down to her cleavage again, when I looked back up to her eyes she had a forbidding look on her face. Ugh this is going to be a long day. She started to ask me questions about pictures and inkblots. About a half hour in Marie and Nikki showed up, appearing suddenly directly behind Mia.

I totally missed what Mia said on the next question since both Marie and Nikki didn't have a stitch of clothing on, and they started to kiss passionately behind Mia. I looked down so I could concentrate and found myself staring at Mia's cleavage again. 

I looked up and locked my eyes on Mia's chocolate brown eyes and said, "Can you repeat that question? I was a little distracted."

After a moment I realized Mia had no way of knowing about Marie and Nikki, so all she saw was me checking her out her tits again then telling her I was distracted after staring into her eyes. I know Mia could clearly see the lust in my eyes as well. She did this for a living after all, or would as she was studying to be a psychiatrist. Plus I was pretty damn obvious about it.

I kept my eyes on Mia from then on out, concentrating on her questions, but I know she read the building lust in my eyes as I could hear Nikki eating out Marie. Marie was screaming out Nikki's name in encouragement, it was all I could do not to look. I was going to have to ask for a replay in a more private setting later.

Nikki making sounds of approval at Marie's flavor as Marie begged Nikki to lick her deeper. I think my eyes might have been glazed with lust when Marie started begging Nikki to slide a finger up her ass.

By the time the testing was done my ladies were gone but the damage was done, I was hard as a rock and all my answers to the inkblots had something to do with sex. Forced to listen to them as they pleased each other had me crazy with lust. At first I wondered what the hell Nikki was thinking but she was obviously right, the more forward I got and obvious about her mistaken perceived effect on me the more she loosened up toward me. 

Finally the questions were done. She told me to wait here for a second and left the room. She came back in a few minutes later and walked right up to me and straddled me in the wide chair. She started to kiss me. I was confused but more than happy to oblige so I teased her lips with mine. They were so soft and passionate as she kissed me. 

When I backed off for a second her eyes now reflected my lust. I slipped my hands below her shirt and caressed her back, pulling her cleavage into my face I teasingly licked down to her chest. I was so horny at this point I didn't even question this strange turn of events, probably some girl thing I will never understand.

I opened the snap on her bra with a flick of my right hand then lifted both shirt and bra over her head. Her breasts were smooth, creamy and perky for a size C. I played with them for a while, contentedly sucking on one nipple while I tweaked, twisted and pinched her other nipple between thumb and forefinger. I must have been doing something right as she gasped and her back arched.

It took about 10 minutes but I actually got her to start grinding against the bulge in my pants as she came hard just from me playing with her tits. She gasped out my name in pleasure as she arched her back mashing her soft breasts into my face. I grabbed her hair and pulled her lips down to mine and kissed her until she recovered from her ecstasy.

She pulled my shirt off as she stood up and then stripped her skirt and panties off, still breathing hard from the orgasm and deep kisses of a few moments ago. I took a long slow look up and down her exquisite body. I pushed my pants down to my ankles and watched as she dropped to her knees.

She looked up at me with those beautifully expressive brown eyes filled with lust as she took me with her mouth. I couldn't look away from her porcelain beauty as she pleasured my cock in her hot wet pleasing mouth. It felt so damn good but I wanted to taste her really bad, I could smell her arousal and it made my mouth water. 

I pushed Mia down on her back and then positioned my manhood above her face as I straddled her head. I pushed my cock slowly in between her lips and into her throat as I bent down to her freshly shaved pussy. There was a small neat raven colored patch above her swollen red lips. I savored the scent and lightly brushed her lubricated labia to collect her juices. My cock jumped in her mouth at her taste combined with the soft groan I felt around my bulbous cock head.

Overwhelmed with lust I dug my hands underneath her and squeezed those sexy, firm and full ass cheeks as I buried my tongue between her silken folds. I felt her muffled gasp as her hot breath fell onto my sensitive ball sack, the tip of my cock feeling the vibrations in her throat. I coated my throat with her dripping honey, sucking it in and swallowing it, when I felt she was close I sucked in her clit and licked it roughly while shoving a finger in between her velvety folds, then curled it slightly and started to work it in and out.

I felt her explode as I pumped my cock head in and out of her throat, her tongue running along the bottom of my cock with each thrust. 

"Oh god Mia, I can't hold it," I moaned, my voice muffled by her silken folds. Waiting for a sign that she wanted me to blow inside her.

At her approving moan I sucked in her honey as I relaxed the small amount of will I had left and filled her throat and mouth with my batter. I slowly cleaned her beautiful snatch with my tongue. Running my tongue down lower and pulling her legs apart and back I cleaned what leaked onto her sexy ass. My tongue rimming her dark hole I felt myself recovering already.

I turned and then lifted her up in my arms. Taking a few steps back to the chair I sat and placed her on top of me, cupping her ass with my hands as I lowered her down onto my hard pole. She locked her eyes with mine. I could see her pleasure and need as she saw mine while she sunk down on me slowly. 

I moaned in pleasure as her warm wet center hugged my cock. I ran a hand up her back to her neck and pulled her in for a kiss finally breaking our lustful stare as she was fully impaled on me balls deep. We tasted each other as we kissed, not caring, as it turned us on even more.

Mia gasped into my mouth as her pussy was stretched open around my tool. I took my soaked middle finger on the hand still holding her ass cheek and teased it into her dark star causing her to jump a bit, then she came back down hard, burying both my finger and my manhood in her holes.

I grabbed the back of her hair and pulled her mouth away from me and ducked my head and started abusing her left nipple with my teeth. I leaned her body back a bit by controlling her with the handful of hair as I started thrusting up from underneath, pounding into her tight warmth from below. I kept my hand still so she impaled herself on my finger and manhood every time she came down I met her with an up thrust, pushing her back up.

She started to scream my name with orgasm. I did not stop and kept pounding her from below, extending her orgasm quite a bit. My cock was completely soaked and on a hair trigger. I picked her up off me, her body jumping in aftershocks as I bent her over the table. I teased her with my fingertips and held her locked down with my other hand, waiting for my trigger to reset, I didn't want to cum yet, getting her off was giving me too much pleasure.

I managed to hold off entering her the couple of more minutes it took to get her to orgasm again. This time popping a thumb into her ass then slapping it hard with the other hand. I buried my cock inside her extra hard as she came down and started sawing in and out hard. 

Despite waiting I knew I couldn't hold on long, but I managed to kick her into that fourth orgasm and her tightening wet core gripping my manhood ended the last control I had. I exploded into her with a loud grunt and a forceful thrust. I looked down at her beautiful ass as it shook. She pushed back against me as I pushed against her and reached out to pull her back by her hair as her honey pot milked my cum out filling her up.

I collapsed onto the table next to her and took gasping deep breaths. When I recovered enough to move I carried her over to the big chair again and sat her in my lap. I found myself exploring her body with my fingertips and checking her out. She did the same with me, occasionally we kissed. She felt so right in my arms, I just had to ask, "So what changed your mind?"

She smirked knowingly at me and said, "I didn't change my mind, I was actually rooting for you and have been attracted to you since the first time I laid eyes on you."

I was now more confused as she confirmed my thought that it was a girl thing I couldn't understand, "Can you explain that to a simple man?"

She sighed, and then kissed me again. She noticed I was hardening again, running my hands on her silky skin had revitalized me and my manhood was knocking against her leg. So she straddled me and lowered herself onto my cock. We went slowly, languidly. Enjoying the sensation but mostly sated already, we started a slow lazy fuck. It felt so great but we still had control over most of our thoughts.

She smiled and said, "It's a thing I do. You see, a lot of guys think I am hot like you do. I am not being conceited, it just is. It can get annoying sometimes, when I want others to take me seriously."

I replied, "No argument here, go on.." I started to kiss and nibble on her breasts as I waited for the answer.

She gasped as I bit down on her nipple then said, "Well it's a defense type thing, everyone gets the cold indifferent look even if I am interested. That means only the brave guys that keep going get a shot at me, at least the ones I like that are brave. You wouldn't BelIEVE oh my god that feels incredible don't stop!"

After she came down from her latest orgasm she continued both her explanation and her slow bounce on my cock, "You wouldn't believe how many guys just give up at that stage. It makes my life a lot easier. Plus I don't really want a guy that I intimidate so much he can't ask me out unless I am panting for him. 

"Anyway, all those looks of lust you kept giving me were making me so wet, you obviously weren't intimidated so I just had to have you right after that test."

I frowned as she bounced up and down on my cock and said, "I hope this is more than that, besides your amazingly beautiful body I like you a lot, your one of the smartest wom... oh GOD, keep doing that, your pussy fEELLlllls, oh god don't stop."

As I expanded within her she started to bounce like a rabbit, making the effort to extend and enhance my orgasm. Her snatch grabbing me tighter every time she bounced up milking more ropes of cream from my manhood.

She leaned down and kissed me softly, with intense intimacy like she meant it. Then smiled and said, "Yes, I'd like it to be more than just physical as well. Not just a one or two or three night stand."

Suddenly I heard a loud excited voice just a few feet away that sounded exactly like Mia's, "Holy shit, that was so fucking hot sis!" 

I turned my head and I saw a younger version of Mia, maybe 3 years younger so still one or two older than me. She had the same beautiful chocolate brown eyes and long dark raven hair, her nose was a tiny bit skinnier and other very small differences, but the same amazing beautiful body. She was also twiddling herself underneath her skirt.

I gaped at her, luckily Mia didn't notice, she had her face buried where my shoulder met my neck, her hard nipples against my chest. She was softly kissing and breathing on my neck, my softening cock still buried inside her warmth. I would tell her of course, but now wasn't the time for that conversation.

But the girl did notice and she gasped pulling her hand out of her skirt her face reddening, "Holy crap, you can see me? My name is Pia, I can't believe you can see me. Please tell her I'm here, I've been watching over her since I died 10 years ago."

She jumped to her feet off the other chair and started bouncing excitedly on her feet. Her bouncing and jiggling c cups hypnotized me. She giggled at my reaction and grabbed and shook her breasts at me back and forth.

I had to hold back a laugh at her exuberance and my defenselessness at the bouncing tits and I mouthed to her, "Now is not the time, later, I promise."

Pia's swaying and jiggling breasts had one other affect. I was quite hard inside Mia again. She purred in my ear and grinded down on my hard cock as her honey pot quickly got wet and well lubricated again... I was in for quite a night and planned to enjoy every second of it.....