 Chapter 5 -- Revenge for the Master. 

I took Mia back to my dorm room, I had an idea and I hope it would work. It seemed to me what enabled me to see a ghost was the fact I had light energy inside of me, and a link to refresh it. But what would happen if I fed a little energy into someone else?

I looked at Mia when we got inside my dorm room and said, "There is something I need to try, then I need to explain some things to you that you need to know if... We are going to be together."

Mia's eyebrows scrunched worriedly, people always seem to expect bad news in one of these conversations.

With a nervous smile I continued, "See, I wasn't actually hallucinating on that drug, I was hearing and seeing real beings."

I fought to keep a straight face as Marie and Nikki made funny faces at me and swirled a finger around their ear, yeah, I was worried she would think I am nuts too. That's why I was really hoping this would work, if it didn't it would be harder to prove, maybe impossible.

Mia frowned and her eyes crunched down some more. "Beings?" she asked.

I nodded, took her hand and said, "Tell me if you feel anything, or if this hurts."

Her eyes widened as I channeled some light energy into her body, just a trickle.

She said, "That feels a little strange, like my skin is tight. What are you doing?"

I reached around her with my hand and pulled Marie out in front. Mia shrieked and jumped. I gently squeezed her hand and asked, "What do you see?"

She replied, "You scared me, is that a hologram or something, it kind of looks transparent."

I channeled a bit more energy and saw her eyes widen as she said, "Wow, its solid now, how did you do that? And why does my skin itch and feel tight?"

I smiled at my success, hoping Mia doesn't lose it I said, "This is Marie, she has been my close friend for a long time, since I was born in fact."

Marie rolled her eyes and said to Mia, "What he isn't telling you is I died, that tight skin feeling is him giving you the energy you need to see ghosts. Oh and if you turn around that is his guardian angel Nikki."

Mia turned her head and took in my angel. Nikki was wearing tight jean shorts and a t-shirt that said team Jim. Mia turned back and looked at Marie again with her mouth open, a look of panic on her face. Then she looked at me, her eyes rolled up into her head, and she fainted into my arms.

I scooped Mia in my arms and laid her on the bed, shaking my head in disbelief. I turned to Marie and said, "Subtle, really subtle. Well at least she didn't scream and run. Of course there is always when she regains consciousness."

Marie grinned at me, "You were going to slow, and she will get over it when the shock wears off."

"I hope so," I said. "Well at least she didn't have the added shock of seeing Pia at the same time."

I heard a groan and looked at the bed. She looked at me in horror and said in a gasping voice, "Pia?"

I sighed and nodded. "She showed up last night. After we umm, finished. I promised her to tell you about it later. Sorry about you getting thrown in the deep end, but that's where I live."

She smiled shyly at the ghost and angel and said, "Will I always see them now, this is kind of freaking me out."

I shook my head and said, "The energy will probably wear off in a few hours, I can always do it again though."

I could feel Pia right outside the door and said, "Well don't be shy now, come on in and say hello."

The young sexy bubbly woman who looked so like Mia came through the door and looked completely different. She looked insecure and afraid, unsure of her reception. I heard Mia sob behind me and my eyes widened. I should have known it would be emotional for her. I'm such a dumb ass sometimes.

Pia jumped when I grabbed her hand and gasped in surprise at my ability to touch her. I winked at her and fed her some energy so she would be solid, then whispered, "Go hug your sister." Now she was crying too. I noticed tears on Nikki and Marie too, I looked around for an escape, maybe the floor would open up and swallow me. Nope, not that lucky today.

I thought at Nikki, "Girl advice, should we give them some space?"

Nikki rolled her eyes at me, but then nodded. I kissed Mia on the cheek and told her to take her time and got out of the dorm room. The three of us were heading to the common room downstairs when I felt a vampire moving in our direction at full speed.

What now? A tall very young vampire ran up to me, she was terrified. She had dark red hair and green eyes. White porcelain skin and a nice hourglass figure. She blurted out, "I'm Sara, are you Jim? Sam's dorm mate?"

I nodded and said, "Yes, what's going on?"

She took a deep breath and spoke quickly in a panic, "The master you killed, when you freed us all. The master's maker is in town, he felt him die, and he is pissed off. Stephanie was tortured. Sam and Gabriela were hurt as well. They were visiting with us when he showed up." 

Sara started sobbing as she said, "Two of us are already dead, we haven't told him about you yet but it's just a matter of time before he finds out who killed master and comes for you. I managed to escape so I came straight here to warn you."

Crap, I pushed Sara away from me into Nikki and warned her to stay back and created my vampire killing aura of light just in time as a large vampire ran down the hall and jumped at me. He fell to the ground, devoid of energy. I watched as Sara's eyes widened in confusion and terror.

I told Sara, "You didn't escape, he let you go and had you followed, hoping you would lead them to me." I pointed at the guy and asked her, "I assume this is one of his minions and not the one you were talking about?"

Sara nodded.

I said, "Stay here, watch some TV or something. I don't suppose you two will stay? Keep an eye on Sara, Mia and Pia?"

They both looked at me like I lost my mind.

I sighed and said, "Okay, okay. Just want you to be safe so I asked, I wasn't going to tell you not to come."

They exchanged a knowing look then smiled at me. I guess I got credit for not being stupid enough to tell them not to come. We ran for the abandoned house that Stephanie had taken over. It felt like a repeat of the other night but I had less patience, I simply destroyed the vampire's energy on the two guarding the door, but I didn't kill them, just left them helpless.

I searched room to room ignoring the female vampires, trying to track down the asshole. I finally found them in the basement. Gabriela and Stephanie were in a cage. Sam was on a table, his body stretched out across it, pulled taught by ropes at his hands and feet. The asshole was leaning above him with a carving knife stained with blood. He looked up at me with satisfaction on his face.

He said cheerfully, "Good good, letting that one go pulled you right to me." Then he sneered and said, "I am going to make you regret destroying my progeny."

This guy was toast, he had no chance, he couldn't rush me and I could blast him at any time. I laughed at him and said, "Your progeny was a sad sick bastard, much like you. I am going to enjoy killing you too."

Unfortunately I was over confident in my energy shield, I never considered he wouldn't just rush me and die, or wait until I blasted him with energy at my leisure. Proving my stupidity he laughed and said, "Your shield won't stop this." 

He pulled a gun out and shot me, it hurt, a lot. The bullet entered my shoulder and I fell to the floor screaming in pain. My active shield started to heal me, and I wasted no more time and blasted concentrated light energy at him. For a minute I didn't think it would work, but then it cut through his roiling dark energy and burned a huge hole in his head. Without a brain he fell to the floor dead.

I destroyed all his followers, not interested in any more he made me do it excuses, if they couldn't stand for themselves they would just join some other sick bastards arsenal. I healed Sam and then let out Gabriela. Most of the girls were hurt, and I couldn't heal vampires, they needed dark energy. Sam flippantly mentioned no guys back at the dorm would mind giving a little blood if they were left with a smile.

I snickered and said, "You know, that's not a bad idea. You'll have to leave me out though, I don't think I could hold back my energy and that would kill them, plus I think it would earn me three orders to go sleep on the couch."

I grinned as Marie and Nikki shook their heads at my poor joke but said in concert, "Damn right."

We all got back to the dorm and the vamps descended on the unsuspecting sleeping men. I imagined there would be lots of smiles in the morning and snickered. Gabriella and Sam stayed behind though, as she had him to feed from, so it was just the three of us that went back to the room.

Mia and Pia were both smiling when we went in. Mia jumped up and into my arms giving me a hug and a deep kiss before whispering in my ear, "Thank you Jim, being able to talk to my sister again is amazing."

Then she stepped back and arched an eyebrow and said, "I'll even forgive that lie you told me."

I looked at her, confusion on my face and she said, "You told me she showed up after we were done, she just explained that she saw most of it, and you're a sick exhibitionist that was locking eyes with her while you were fucking me."

Oops, I opened my mouth, and then closed it. Not sure what to say I just waited. Mia's face cracked and she giggled, "I'm not mad at all, actually it kind of turned me on to hear it. My sister said it was hot didn't she?"

When I nodded she continued with a whisper in my ear, "Well we are a lot alike."

Nikki blurted from behind me, "Ooooh, does that mean you will share him with Marie and I? I mean you would come first of course, being the only one of us his species and umm, alive.. so..." She kind of trailed off at that point, not sure what to say next.

Mia raised her eyebrow and looked at me.

I shrugged and said, "That's all between you ladies, I'll abide by whatever you decide. I guess that means it's all up to you since they will respect what you want," I trailed off too, not really knowing where to go with it.

Mia asked, "Do you love them?"

I nodded slowly, "Yes, I grew up with Marie and fell in love with her around 10 years old. And Nikki I just met recently, but how could I not love her, she is my angel, devoted to me. But the truth is they are right, I can't have a family with or marry either one. They are the ones that encouraged me to find someone that could be with me that is on the human life side of the equation."

I shrugged, "They are the ones leaving the decision to you but I will add I agree. It is up to you if you want to share my body with them, but, that's just the one thing. I will always love them regardless if we have sex or not and they will always be a big part of my life."

I was glad she hadn't asked me if I loved her, because honestly I wasn't sure yet. I knew I was in lust, and I knew I liked her personality, and I respected the hell out of her intellect. It was all very complicated in my head, I wanted all of them but that made me feel like I was a bad guy, guilty for wanting three when just any one of them would probably be more than I deserve.

She thought about what I said and then started to smile, I nervously waited for her to either accept it, tell me to fuck off, or say she had to think about it.

She said, "That was the only answer I would have been okay with. If you were just letting them fuck you because it was easy, or free sex I would have taken off and never spoken to you again. I think I can deal with it, as long as you're ok with the reverse of course."

I said, "The reverse?"

Mia nodded, "Of course, you sharing me with them. Assuming of course they or I ever want to do such a thing, right now it's about you being ok with the possibility. Are we all equals in this love nest or are we just supposed to be your harem?"

I cringed inside at the word harem and thought about it. These were wonderful ladies, not to be just used by me. I didn't really have a word for it, but everyone loving everyone sounded like a much better idea. Plus the thought of Nikki and Mia going at it was making me hard.

I slowly nodded, "I hadn't given it much thought, but I don't see why not. Actually it would be better that way I would think. I don't like the idea of a harem at all. I wouldn't neglect you and I would expect the same though, you girls can work out a schedule or something." I couldn't help but snicker after I said that.

Mia smirked and said, "Well hit me with some more power then leave, it's time for the girls to talk."

I did as she asked then left, the more they could work out on their own the better. It was close to dawn and I saw all the hot young vampire babes leaving looking much better, unbelievable. I went into one of the smaller common rooms with a door I could close that had a small TV and a desk and popped something on. To my surprise I saw Pia skip in with a huge smile on her face.

"Mia sent me to keep you company," she said with a wink. Pia was fidgety. The girl was full of energy and kind of wild. She jumped into my lap sideways and kissed my cheek, then freely wiggled about trying to get comfortable, at least until she noticed the side effects.

She giggled and her body froze. She asked teasingly, "Oops, was that me?"

The woman was teasing me, so I did the only thing I could think of that wouldn't get me smacked, I started to tickle her. Of course realizing too late that making her squirm in my lap would just exasperate the point of the problem. 

Once she settled down she said, "You and my sister were pretty hot last night."

I wasn't sure where she was going with this, so I just smiled and nodded.

She got an awkward look on her face and said quickly, "We obviously talked about it when you left us alone, she ummm, well, said that we, well, could... You know...?"

I looked up at her and said in surprise, "She did?" Holy crap. My cock twitched.

She looked down at me and her playful smile was gone, the wildness that she displayed last night and all day today completely absent. There was an open vulnerability showing in her eyes as she nodded. I understood then, in a rare flash of insight, that Pia was the exact opposite of Mia.

Mia was reserved in public, not a big flirt, considering of her actions. But in bed she was wild thing and loved it a little rough.

Pia was her mirror, not only in looks but reversed in personality. She was wild in public, a big flirt, confident. In bed though, I just knew she would show reserve. Not lack of passion, just more gentle than rough and wild. There would need to be squeezes and caresses instead of pinches, pulls and spanks. Nibbles and brushing of my lips instead of bites.

The vulnerable look in her eyes hooked me in a way the wild flirting she had done previously never could. In fact, if she died 10 years ago she would have been young at the time, so probably another virgin ghost despite her current age of 22. Her wild demeanor was probably from lack of being able to communicate. She never learned the reserve growing up. Maybe she would change in the future but I knew right now she needed gentle strength, and she would get it.

I cupped the back of her neck and pulled her in for a kiss, exploring her lips with my own. As she responded I slipped my tongue between her lips causing her to make a satisfied noise and deepen the pressure of the kiss. She moved so she was straddling me straight on and ground herself against me, her movement tentative now. My cock strained against my pants as her core rubbed against it.

Going with my initial impression I slid my hands under her shirt and caressed the bottom of her breasts with my thumbs as stroked her skin below. She moaned into my mouth and stuck her chest out, surrendering her breasts to my ministrations. I slid my hands up and cupped her globes. I started to knead her with my fingertips, occasionally grazing her hardening nipples.

She arched her back to get a little space from me and removed her shirt, she giggled as it disappeared when she dropped it on the floor, clothes being part of her energy and not really there. She dissolved the rest with a thought and looked down at me.

I caressed her body up and down with my eyes, as I looked into her eyes she saw the approval and admiration of her beautiful body reflected there. She also saw a growing lust. I pulled her gently to me with my fingertips, guiding her body toward me as I took a nipple in my mouth and sucked. I started to tease it with my lips and tongue and with very light nips with my teeth. My hands slowly caressed down her back then squeezed her rounded ass cheeks.

I stood her up a moment to strip myself, and then kissed her standing up, her body melting against and conforming to mine. I could tell she was nervous when I bent her down over the table, her body tightened up. She both wanted me to take her but was also frightened. I kissed down her back while massaging her ass cheeks and inner thigh until I was kneeling behind her.

Her smooth creamy ass in front of my eyes, her mouth watering puckered hole peeked out at me from her crack. Her shaven mound exposed to my eyes as I spread her legs with light touches of my fingertips to her inner thighs. I leaned in and brushed my lips along her labia before running my tongue along it, my hands massaging and caressing her cheeks and teasing puckered hole. 

As I took her toward her first orgasm I could feel her body drain of the nerves and fright, realizing and believing I would be gentle with her, not the way I was with her sister last night. Her body responded to my every touch, pushing against me wanting more contact as I teased her to her height. I felt her body tremble against my fingertips and honey covered lips as her pot released her juices all over my face. I did my best to capture all of her taste in my mouth but it was too much and I felt her dripping off of my chin.

I moaned in approval at her taste, my cock jumping as her velvety folds sucked my tongue inside of her, my finger teasing her dark star with light touches and circles as it tightened. My name on her lips was spoken with passion and need. I doubled my efforts and attacked her clit with my lips and tongue and then slid a pinkie finger into her tight warmth.

She came three times on the tip of my tongue and hands before I was able to get two fingers inside her and loosen her enough for me to invade her with my pole. I carried her back to the couch and sat down as she straddled me. Her face and skin were glowing in pleasure but she looked nervous again now that the time was here.

I kissed her softly and said, "You control it. I'll let you drop as deep as you want, when you want. I caressed her beautiful face and kissed her again, then ran my hands down her body and cupped her ass to give her some support and lifted her up and over my rock hard cock. She lowered herself down onto me, the head pushing against her silken folds, her juice dripping down and covering my cock in her lubrication.

She gasped as the head popped in, separating her lips. I held her in place while she got used to it. Then she lowered as far as she could without breaking that barrier. Her face screwed up in determination and I think I must have turned white when she drove herself hard down on my cock, breaking the barrier and burying all seven inches of me inside her. 

She screamed and my cock felt like it had a vise around it. In hindsight I should have controlled it, I didn't see that coming and she was in major pain right now.

I pulled her against me and held her still. I started to kiss her neck and caress her ass crack and cheeks as she tried to recover. Slipping a hand between us I started to rub her clit as I took one of her nipples in my mouth. Her gasping breaths started to change from pain to pleasure as I manipulated her dark star, clit and breasts at the same time. 
