 Note: There is a light bondage/BDSM in here, it is not usually where I go so I thought I would give a warning here. It really isn't my fault, I just write the stuff down, and Nikki lives for kink after all.... Hope you like it. 

Chapter 7 -- Sam and Gabriela. 

Well it's been a week since the crazy five way. I'm pleased to say Pia was both back to her gentle self the next time we did it, but she was also much more confident. I have to say I love all four of them now, which of course means I am their total slave, at beck and call to all their whims. You can't beat the reward though, speaking of which did I mention its Monday again?

I still occasionally want to grab Gabby and fuck her silly until neither of us can move. In fact I had a dream in that direction on Saturday night. But I am managing to hold off actually acting on that stuff pretty easily, I imagine it's because of the attention I get from other sources.

Nikki suddenly appeared in front of me, her hands were tied behind her back and her arms secured to her body with ropes. She had no clothes on and her tits were mashed between the sections of rope encircling her petite sexy body. Her legs were separated with a bar tied between her feet which were secured by ropes to her waist. She managed to say punish me master around the large ball gag in her mouth.

I got really turned on by this, my twisted little angel that I loved. Then I got even hotter as I realized that Marie was probably the one that tied her up and got her ready.

There was a remote control cord running out of her gaping ass, I picked it up and saw it was a controller for an egg, I smiled and turned it on and watched her eyes widen and her breath pick up as her ass vibrated. I turned it up then spanked her hard. I looked around class in amazement that no one could see this. I still felt like an exhibitionist even if no one could see it. 

Then again, there were some angels around the classroom looking jealous.

I picked her up and threw her over the chair and pulled my pants down around my ankles. I rubbed my cock along her silken folds seeing they were already swollen and soaked. I turned up the egg to ten then slammed my cock in with no warning balls deep. I could hear her cry of pleasure muffled by the ball gag. I spanked her hard on each ass cheek then drove into her again. 

I would be absolutely horrified at myself if I didn't know my sexy angel loved it this rough, her idea of punishment was actually intense pleasure. And I loved giving my angel pleasure. At that point Nikki looked back at me like, what the fuck is with the loving thoughts right now so I laughed hard then got back to business.

"Shut up slut and take it, fucking hoar angel," my voice was dripping with false contempt as I started to rail my cock into her sweet slutty honey pot. I used light energy to pinch her nipples and clit hard as I punished her ass with slaps, my cock punishing her pussy with long hard strokes. When I felt she was about to cum I pulled out and switched off the egg.

Her eyes widened as I said, "Be a good slut and I might let you cum."

I put her over my knees and started to spank her ass cheeks one at a time, every fifth slap I nailed her pussy causing her to cry out through the ball gag. Fucking slut got honey all over my hand. When her eyes widened at my thoughts I snickered and formed a sentence in my thoughts, "Got to stay in role up here too since you can hear them, don't want to ruin it for you, slut, or don't you remember earlier." 

I heard her giggle which made me smack her pussy harder, I felt the little slut tremble and actually have a mini orgasm, so I released my light energy clamps from her nipples and clit which rolled her into a pain filled intense orgasm.

Before she came down I slung her over the chair and buried myself in her and turned on the egg and started sawing away. I used the same trick she does and hit her with energy and extended her orgasm. 

This was too much for me, giving her so much pleasure was a huge hit to mine and I lost control and started emptying my balls into her, spurts of energy shooting into her with my baby batter to extend her orgasm some more, she looked like she was about to pass out so I stopped. I wondered if she did pass out if everyone in the room would be able to see us. That would be funny, for about two seconds anyway, until someone called the cops on the naked man. She of course would still be invisible to them passed out.

I gathered her up in my arms and removed the gag then kissed her gently, her eyes widened as she felt my intense love and she melted into me. We cuddled naked with her still tied up until the end of class. I got dressed quick and she did the energy dress thing, since her clothes were made of the same light energy her amazing nubile gorgeous sexy body was.

We headed back to the dorm room and were surprised to see Gabriela arguing with Andrea. Sam was sitting on his bed confused. I patted his shoulder and gave him enough energy to see Andrea so he could follow along. What the hell was going on?

Gabriela turned to us and addressed Nikki while pointing at Andrea, "She is interfering, tell her to back the hell off!"

"Hi Gabby, umm, what's up exactly?" I asked.

Andrea yelled, "This vampire... Hussy is talking Sam into becoming a vamp so they can live happily ever after. I am trying to reason with her, I did not physically interfere."

Gabriela growled at the same time Nikki said, "Umm, that is interfering Andrea. What exactly is wrong with it? I mean, his soul will be stuck here a long time but so what?"

Andrea blushed and turned away. I heard a soft "Oh" come from Nikki. Huh?

"Well, I'm sorry but Gabby is right, you shouldn't even try to talk them out of it. I know its.. Hard, I can't even imagine..." Andrea and Nikki glanced at me then Nikki went and hugged Andrea.

I knew I was being a thickhead and went to ask, and then I restrained myself. Nikki can explain it later if I need to know, this was touchy feely girly shit anyway. I cringed at that thought when Nikki glared at me. Damn, being a gentleman was hard enough on the outside, everyone has asshole thoughts on occasion, I am so screwed.

Andrea almost cried when she said, "But vampires don't get guardians, we can't watch them anymore because they have dark energy."

My slow male brain finally caught up as I realized Andrea cared for Sam and would have to leave him. That sucked. Right about then Gabby's delicious wondrous scent reached my nostrils. I almost took a step toward her but stopped myself cold. She was turning Sam into a vamp and getting hitched, I needed to get the fuck out of here before I did something awkward, like jump her and try to get in her skirt. I ripped open a portal to Mia's room and stepped through.

"Hi honey," I said. Mia turned to me with a smile and jumped up to claim a hot kiss.

"I want one too!" Pia demanded directly behind me. 

So I turned and kissed her as well. After a few seconds I toned it down, realizing I had brought my lust for Gabby with me. 

"So what are you ladies up to?"

Mia made a face, "Research notes, Pia is helping, she really has been following me around for years. The girl is an absolute genius and paid attention in my classes. I know she acts all wild and flighty but I think she may be smarter than I am."

Pia snorted at the half compliment and asked, "What brings you by in such a spectacular entrance?"

I explained the Gabby, Sam, Andrea triangle and the plans to vampirize Sam. Then I mentioned the effect Gabby's scent had on me so I went to the first place I thought of, finishing up with, "which of course was your room."

Normally I wouldn't have been so excessively honest. I think telling a girl you had an unbearable urge to jump another girl is usually a bad idea. However my angel was there and these girls gossip about me constantly. So over the last few weeks I have learned its better not to hide anything, they will find out sooner or later anyway, and it always ends better if they hear it from me first.

I get the distinct impression I am being trained, but since I am being trained through mind blowing sex with 4 hot women I love, I can live with that. In fact I am firmly behind it.

"So if you are too busy I can take off and leave you to study, I know it's important and this visit is off schedule, I just had to run before I did something really stupid."

They both smiled at me as if I had done something to be proud of. Well I supposed I had, I just hadn't expected them to focus on that part of it. Could sharing make women less jealous? Or maybe it's all those talks they have about me, Nikki must fill them in on all my thoughts, which means they know how much I love all of them and have no insecurity about it.

I shivered, damn insights. I'm a guy, where the hell are the pretzels and beer, and base thoughts. Sam has been living over with the coven so I have been spending all my time with the ladies. I need a guy friend fast and some irresponsible fun before I start crocheting or something equally heinous.

Mia said, "Come back in a few hours, we get you tonight." She winked.

Okay, so I popped a boner, I've never had the two of them alone, and it crosses like 3 of my fantasies. Two hot Asian chicks, the sisters fantasy, and they look enough alike to touch off the twin fantasy even though they aren't. Thank god, normal base guy thoughts. Feeling better I kissed both of them with feeling then walked out the door. Getting back to my dorm, I hoped stuff was worked out.

I felt bad for Andrea, but she was kind of screwed anyway, Sam couldn't see her without me and he was in love with his vampire. I shrugged. Of course I had an angel, two ghosts and a normal human woman, so it has possibilities for him. Unless he vamps out, then she gets reassigned I imagine. 

I detected my room with my light energy, still had one angel, who was Nikki, one ghost, one vampire and I could detect a human too! What the hell? 

Oh, because he has my energy inside him, hmm, that didn't sound right at all.

I walked in the room smiling and said, "So when is the change?"

Sam grinned and said, "Tonight! You'll have the dorm room to yourself, I'll be... Away a couple of weeks."

He shrugged and said, "Combination honeymoon and learn to control your hunger to be safe around humans."

I nodded.

I grabbed and kissed Marie then waggled my eyebrows at her, it was almost noon and I hadn't even said a word to her yet. Damn drama after class I don't even think I acknowledged her earlier. So making up for that I kissed her again and whispered in her ear, "God you're sexy, I missed you this morning."

I knew I was safe from Nikki telling Marie about me deciding I had to make it up to her, because she can feel how much I really did miss her this morning.

Marie snuggled under my arm as we turned back to our guests.

I asked, "So what's the process? Is it safe?"

"For the most part," Gabby answered. "There is always a small risk but I won't have a problem controlling myself, I love him too much to let him die."

I smacked my head as I realized, how had I not noticed this before now?

Looking at the hot vampire I said, "Gabby, its noon, what the hell are you doing awake?"

Gabby blushed, "Well, that umm, energy I took from you... Normally vampires can't use dark energy for anything except manipulating our forms, basically for life functions. But since the energy inside of you wasn't raw dark energy but already a type of shield, I just kind of wrapped it around me when I sucked it out. The sun will eventually eat it away, probably in a few months. But until then I am rocking the daylight."

"Cool," I coughed. "Bet you'll miss it, but then of course Sam will be with you." Every time she said form, or wrap or sucked or rocking or eat I got a nice picture of us doing just those things to each other in my head. I took a deep breath, smelling Marie's scent was relaxing and it helped a lot.

We spent the day just hanging out the rest of my Monday classes forgotten. It got easier to be around Gabby as the day got on, maybe it was wearing off, or maybe I just adored the hell out of Marie that much. I wouldn't let her leave my side in any case. I noticed Gabby was lying against Sam as well, sort of a shield against stupidity.

We said goodbye to Sam and Gabriela and wished them luck, hopefully they would be back safe and sound in three to four weeks. Nikki and Marie gave me a kisses and caressed my body getting me all horny and hard, then pushed me toward the door.

Marie grinned evilly at me and said, "A gift for Mia and Pia, it's their turn tonight."

Two could play that game, I shot light energy at both of them and manipulated their nipples and clits until they both gasped out and I cut my energy off and said, "You guys can take care of one another, have fun ladies, Love ya."

I returned an evil grin of my own and winked at their shocked expressions. Well why shouldn't they? I know damn well they love each other in addition to me. It would be fun to watch sometime. I heard my angel choke as she heard that thought as I walked out the door.

I could have teleported but I wanted to give myself time to change my gears, call me old fashioned but I didn't want to be lusting after and thinking about Nikki, Marie and Gabby while I was with Mia and Pia. They are amazing and deserve my full attention. I still couldn't figure out how I deserved them all and deep down wondered how long it could last.

When I knocked on the door they answered, both of them in sexy red lingerie. Mia was wearing matching bright red bra and panties, silk and lace. Pia had on a bright red teddy. Holy crap, like them just actually showing up wasn't enough, they were beyond beautiful and I was having trouble talking. I just couldn't find and engage the muscles attached to my jaw.

They giggled at the look I gave them and pulled me inside and brought me to the couch where they both danced for me, one up close grinding all around my body and the other behind, doing an actual real dance, not the crap most strippers do with the exaggerated motions, but a sexy sensual dance. They switched after a couple of minutes and I was in heaven. 

They knew how much I loved their appearance, but they also knew how much I truly loved them through Nikki. Apparently knowing with certainty it's not just about sex made all the difference to a woman. Instead of calling me a pig and shallow or doubting my intentions they catered to my fantasies. They knelt on either side of me when the song ended and started kissing my neck and ear from both sides. 

I slipped a hand between their legs and caressed both of their inner thighs. They must have liked dancing and my reaction to it because I could feel the damp heat coming off both of their hot cores when I got to their upper inner thighs with my caresses.

I turned my head and started kissing Mia. She melted against me her body willingly offered as she slid her hand between my legs and rubbed her palm against my large bulge. I turned and kissed Pia, she was the only one that hadn't said she loved me yet, but I could feel it in every kiss she gave, the girl was amazingly gentle and loving in bed, so different from her public personality.

Pia stripped my shirt and massaged my chest and shoulders, teased the back of my neck with her fingernails and played with my hair. Mia dropped between my knees and pulled my pants down, kissed and caressed my thighs, teasingly close to my member as she rubbed it with her palm. Pushing it against my stomach she sucked a ball into her mouth and teased it with her tongue.

I knew they had no interest in touching each other as sisters, I was guessing they planned out my gift well including the details to give me what I wanted while avoiding intimate contact between themselves. They so must love me to do that, so I followed their lead, letting them go where they will and simply caressing them and pleasing them back in whatever way I could.

Mia took me into her warm and wet mouth while looking up into my eyes. She reached under me and tickled my taint and puckered star with her long fingernails. 

Pia undid the bottom of her teddy and then straddled the back of the couch above my head, her breasts and face against the wall she arched her back and lowered her wet needy pussy down to my face.

I left one hand on the back of Mia's head, holding her hair as she bobbed up and down on my pole. I ran the other one along Pia's leg then cupped her ass and pulled her hot wet warm core to my thirsty lips. I licked along her labia and heard her gasp lightly and moan. Keeping track in my head on who was who I gently caressed Pia's ass as I braced her and pushed my face hard into her pussy and licked deeply between her silken folds.

As I used my growing oral skills to get Pia off on my tongue, and knowing Mia likes it a little rougher in the sac I pulled her hair and started to pound her face onto my hard cock. She gasped in pleasure as I used her throat like a fuck toy. Her throat felt so good moaning over my cock, at that point Pia whimpered and gasped, came hard and drenched my face with her honey. I licked harder and faster but avoided her clit, I wasn't done and didn't want to over stimulate her. 

I put energy at the end of my tongue to lengthen her orgasm as she bucked and pushed down on my face hard. I could hardly get a breath and loved every second of the feel of her body trembling and ejecting honey on my tongue.

She just kept going with that power on my tongue and me taking Mia hard in the throat I lost it and started spewing my load into Mia's mouth. After a moment to recover Pia climbed down to my left and Mia climbed up to my right, I kissed them both gently one at a time and without thinking told them I loved them as I did so. Pia was speechless for a moment then actually blurted it back at me, which made me feel better, even though I already kind of knew.

I know some in the world would judge me harshly, but I didn't see a way I could do without any one of them, they are my loves, simple as that. I feared the day I would lose one. Smiling they each took a hand and led me to the bedroom. My recovery time with those two was less than 5 minutes. They simply took my breath away.

They laid me down on my back and Mia mounted my cock, her pussy was hungry having not orgasmed yet and she just took me in. Despite how tight she was her lubricating honey let me slide right in. My cock was surrounded by her wet velvety warmth and I gasped in pleasure. 

She started bouncing on my cock and I pushed up to meet her. Pia showed up again holding something and she grabbed my right hand, it was a glove she put on me and the thumb and middle finger seemed padded.

I understood when the pads started to vibrate and she straddled my arm. Maybe I was a little slow on the uptake but it was hard to concentrate with Mia fucking her brains out on my hardened length. Her generous C cups bouncing before my eyes.

I slipped the middle finger between Pia's folds into her core and curled the finger, trying to reach that special spot. I started to tap my thumb lightly and briefly against her clit. It took a minute to synchronize a rhythm with me thrusting up to meet Mia's drop on my cock without screwing things up. But I found it. I figured I owe Mia a nice extended orgasm like I did Pia earlier.

When I felt her tighten on my cock and started to milk me I sent energy to the tip of my cock which not only extended her intense orgasm but raised it much higher to a new level, she had a violent orgasm as her body practically vibrated in pleasure on my manhood.

I looked up and to the side at Pia into her eyes and saw when she was about to fall off into orgasm. I pulled out the soaking vibrating middle finger and slipped it into her ass. The vibrating thumb took the middle fingers place in her pussy and she absolutely exploded juices all over my hand and forearm. Her eyes widened as I filled both holes with vibrating fingers. Her breathless gasps guided my fingers to the most sensitive spots inside of her.
