 Chapter 8 -- Oops, should have bagged it! 

"Stephanie?" I blurted with surprise when I answered the door. "What brings you by?"

Looking a little uncomfortable she shrugged and said, "Just stopping by to say hello and umm, well, we are fixing up a nice room for Sam and Gabby. I was just wondering if you wanted to help, them being friends and all. Oh, we are also having a party for them when they get back next Saturday night, if you want to come by."

This had to be the shyest hot vampire in existence, although that thought wasn't kind of me. She must feel awkward about her one way feelings of love plus she was abused for years, kept a virtual slave. That could make anyone timid, and everyone was loves bitch after all. Could have been worse, timid was much better than bitter and bitchy.

"I'd love to help with the room, when should I come by?"

She smiled and said, "Tomorrow night? I know it's a Saturday night, not sure if you have plans?"

I shake my head and say, "No, I don't think so, I'll let you know if I can't make it, otherwise I'll see you tomorrow."

I felt bad about not inviting her in, but I needed to get back to a very naked Nikki and Marie waiting in bed for me. When I turned around they were looking at me then each other, a speculative look on their faces. Being a smart man, I didn't ask, they would tell me when they were ready. I wonder if it had anything to do with how hot I thought Stephanie looked. Sometimes I really step in it having a mind reading angel.

She only winked at me then I was entirely too busy to think about anything except pleasing my very sexy angel and ghost.

======================================

A little too casually in the early hours of Saturday Marie asked, "So what do you think of Stephanie?"

Hot, beautiful, kind, strong for the rest of her coven, damaged but not destroyed. "I like her well enough. She brings out my protective instincts. I know, caveman etc..."

"Do you think you could come to more than like her?" My angel asked.

It was like walking a minefield, not knowing the right answer and not being able to think about it because that was a minefield too.

I shrugged, "Probably, if I spent enough time with her, what's not to like? Umm, so, what's this about? Isn't my dance card kind of full already?"

They exchanged the same kind of speculative look I saw yesterday. Then Nikki said, "Well, we like her, and that thing you did with Gabby was really hot. We were wondering what it would be like to have one in our little group."

My mouth dropped open, and I was intrigued.

Marie said, "We need to run it by Mia and Pia, but we wanted to feel you out first." 

She continued with a dangerous edge to her voice, "And stop with the guilt thing, we all love you, you love us, but we also like each other a lot. Granted it's complicated, but we are all equal here, we aren't a harem or kept women, we want to be here. I could cross over, be with family and find someone to pass the time with if I wanted.

"Nikki could ask to get reassigned if she asked, she isn't stuck with you, she loves your dumb ass like the rest of us. And we know Stephanie does too, we like her so we decided to feel out the rest of the group. So stop with the 'I don't deserve all of you' crap. Although, please don't get arrogant, that's the one thing you do right." Then she winked at me. "You are pretty good in bed too."

I was in shock. Marie never talked to me like that before. I never thought they were stuck with me, at least not in the sense they had to have sex with me or anything like that. Although some part of me did think that, Nikki was my angel, and I was the only human who could see her. But of course she could be with any number of angels I would guess, and she chose me over her own kind.

I hadn't really thought it through much. I just went with the flow and went along with whatever they wanted. Afraid to rock the boat. This polyamory stuff was complicated, but I would do my best not to wait for the other shoe to drop. It was hard though, not to assume one of them would leave. I pushed my doubts out of my mind and cuddled up between Marie and Nikki and started to fall asleep. 

A random thought entered my head, I wondered what they did when I slept, since the two ghosts and angel never needed sleep. 

I felt Nikki move toward me and breathed in my ear, "We get dressed in sexy lingerie and have pillow fights. Then we plot against you while we pleasure each other in an oral circle. Then there are all those dildos and vibrators we keep hidden."

I said in a faux excited voice, "I knew it! I want pictures!"

She snorted and smacked the back of my head. Ouch! My manliness not being able to let that stand without retaliation rolled onto her, pinned her down and started tickling. Her tight sexy body started squirming in very interesting ways as she tried to escape. When my manhood grew I realized I wouldn't be getting to sleep quite yet.

My little angel's perversions were mostly done on Monday mornings, and I enjoyed them very much, but at the risk of losing my man card nothing came close to making love to this impish and sexy angel. Marie seeing the direction it was going left instead of joining us, to visit Mia and Pia, giving us privacy as I slowly sunk my manhood into her warmth, her core tightening and caressing me as I slowly plumbed her depths.

Soft sensual kisses, her lips pliant and soft against mine. Slow tingling exploring fingertip caresses and whispers of love as we gazed into each other's eyes. We made love for over an hour, slow stroke after slow stroke. I lost count of all the orgasms I drew from my Nikki's tight little body. The incredibly slow build of the beginning leading to almost constant orgasms for the last twenty minutes or more. 

I locked eyes with her when I finally emptied myself into her, filling her womb with my seed. I thought for her that she was mine, and I was hers. My mind was empty of all other thoughts except for her and what we shared. No doubts, no questions, no thoughts of the other females in our group.

I stayed inside until I shrunk down then pulled out and cuddled up to her. Her body was still jerking and shaking in aftershocks as I pulled her against me. She pushed her body back against me fitting us together snugly and sighed in satisfaction as I fell into sleep.

======================================

I slept until about noon, woke up and headed straight for the shower. I was washing my hair and I was alone, most others on my dorm floor would have been showered and up, or away from campus for the weekend. Marie walked through the door and with a determined look on her face started kissing me.

"You mad at me for yesterday? I know it's not really fair, we know your thoughts and all. It's just that you so do deserve us, and we deserve you and each other. It is kind of hypocritical actually, compared to a man a woman worries so much more, and about everything. You have no idea."

I shake my head and say, "No I am not mad, you were right, I was waiting for one of you to leave, it was always chewing on my mind. I'm doing the best I can to get over that though. You need to go over there Marie. Water is no good for you."

I spanked her ass and pushed her lightly toward the bench outside the showers. She waited as I finished up quick and dried off. I walked over to the bench and kissed her hard, and then I started to undress her. I didn't use power, I wanted to go the slow way, teasing her body with my fingertips and the caresses of cloth as I slowly stripped her naked.

She quirked an eye and said, "Are you expecting something?"

I nodded and continued to strip off her clothes. They disappeared as they hit the floor.

She started to say, "Mia and Pia are ok with Ste..."

I cut her off with a rough kiss, pulling her naked body on top of mine. "Tell me later, I'm too busy to talk," I said in a stern voice as I lifted her up and dropped her onto me, spearing her tight but already wet pussy.

She gasped out in pain and pleasure as her honey pot conformed to my roughly invading pole. "But."

"No buts," I raised an eyebrow and leered down as I spanked her ass, "Unless of course you're offering something."

Her eyes grew wide with fake hurt. I knew she was enjoying me taking charge of her though, my cock and balls were already drenched with honey and she hadn't even cum yet. I continued to squeeze her ass and bounce her up and down on me.

She moaned, "But, I wanted to tell you, oh god don't stop, please don't stop."

I smiled and spanked her again hard as she dropped, her core impaled on me at the same time. She started to moan and completely giving up the game of being reluctant she started to actively push down as I arched up. Our bodies slapping together in the shower area, hot at the thought anyone could come in, although they would only see me, which made the thrill even better, I mean, how could I possibly explain that, it would be embarrassing. Especially all the slapping and spanking sounds.

Her honey pot locked down on my manhood and squeezed. She started to milk me, but I held myself back. One very good benefit of all the pleasing I needed to do lately was the easy control I gained over holding back my orgasm. Her warm hot honey gushed out covering me in her juice. I picked her up and turned her around and pushed her against the wall.

She gasped as I pushed her legs apart and forced her ass to stick out when I lowered her face a bit on the wall. I had to bend my knees a bit then I drove myself back into her dripping hot box drawing a gasp from Marie. I grabbed her beautiful long brown hair and pulled hard, turning her head so her cheek was pushed up against the tiles. She managed to turn her head to look at me with those gorgeous hazel eyes as I brutally slammed her from behind, her ass slapping against my flesh and my balls punishing her clit with each hard stroke.

I started rubbing her ass as I plundered her silken core, occasionally spanking it hard which drew a gasp and caused her to lock down on my hardness with her warmth. She started to cum again right when I was having trouble keeping myself controlled. I pulled back on her hair hard and leaned forward, kissing her passionately, almost desperately as I started to spurt my seed into her waiting milking warmth, struggling to support us both as my knees lost all strength.

Our kiss transformed from rough and desperate to soft and caring as our intense orgasms subsided. I turned her around and pulled her against me gently and kissed her some more before whispering to her how much she meant to me.

She grinned at me then said, "So, ummm, wow, yeah, Pia and Mia are okay with the idea of Stephanie as long as you can work it out between the two of you. They already like her."

She snickered, "Plus they remember how hot they got when they watched you and Gabriela too, so there is an intrigue there with the idea. Yes they like her too. The other is just a very welcome added bonus."

My mouth dropped open and she giggled.

She snorted and said to me, "You didn't think I actually had something to say, you thought it was just a game to get you to take control of me didn't you?"

Then she grinned and her hazel eyes twinkled as she teased me, "Nope, it was all you, you must have wanted me bad."

I nodded and checked her body out slowly. "Always Mare."

Her eyes widened when I pulled her in for a kiss then said, "I don't have to be at the house for another few hours, I also believe you are desperate to have me take that sweet ass."

She giggled when I tore a hole in reality picked her up and threw her directly onto our bed. Then her eyes widened again in mock innocence, her lust just peeking through, as I grabbed the lube off the night table........

===========================================

Stephanie opened the door and being mindful of the possibilities Marie and Nikki opened up I looked at her closely for perhaps the first time. Always in the past I had avoided looking at her in an appraising way, I am not sure why, she was the victim and innocent of what had happened to her. Maybe I was trying to be non-threatening? 

Anyway I took her in with my eyes. She had curly fiery light red hair and bright blue eyes. Her figure was sexy, D size breasts and a small waist. She was wearing a sun dress that went down to just about her knees and was showing a modest amount of cleavage. I smiled and said without drooling, "Hi, what can I help with."

She smiled shyly and said, "Come take a look at what we have left to do."

She turned and I glanced down for a second, she had beautiful legs. Unfortunately her dress did too good a job of leaving things to the imagination, her ass looked to be the perfect size for her body, but I couldn't really see the shape so it could have been anything from flat to bubbled, I would have to wait to get that detail.

I followed her up to the third floor and we chatted while we walked.

"So do you gals own this place?"

Stephanie either because she was more comfortable for some reason, or because she wasn't looking at me spoke in a normal voice, perhaps for the first time absent of shy nerves. My god it sounded like sex wrapped in silk.

"Yes, we bought it a few weeks ago. We are going to fix up the whole place so we can sell it if we ever move. But honestly it's a great location for 18 eternally youthful late teens that require blood, you can't beat a college. Since we don't kill or torture like some of our kind we could conceivably stay a long time."

I winked and said, "Yeah, I can imagine those are some lucky people. The college could probably use it to advertise."

The room she led us to was actually three rooms, plus a bath. It was a nice little apartment actually with a full kitchen and bathroom. It looked like all they had to do was paint and finish laying the rugs.

I helped with the rugs and we had a great time actually. She was a sexy confident woman for most of the night when she let things go. I think she was a little nervous about me, but only because I'm the one that liberated the coven from that asshole, and she was a little in love with me already.

As we were finishing up with the work she asked me, "Think you will make the party next Saturday?"

I said with a smile, "Really looking forward to it, but I may stop by again tomorrow if you don't mind."

She replied, "Of course not, come by whenever you want. Did you want to help with the painting?"

She blushed a little and smiled when I looked in her eyes and said, "Yes, that too. But that sexy voice of yours will be missed if I have to wait a whole week to hear it again."

I headed back to the dorm and when was surprised to see Nikki and Mia sitting on the bed. They looked unsettled and it looked like Mia had been crying. Pia and Marie were not in evidence.

I said my voice filled with concern, "Are you two alright? What's going on?"

Nikki said, "Before I answer that, I need to ask you something. Do you want children?"

I nodded and said, "Always have, when the time is right."

Nikki sighed and looked down, collecting her thoughts before speaking. "I am assuming your only conscious intent was to extend our orgasms when you shot energy into us along with your sperm?"

I nodded, thick as a block still not knowing what was happening I asked, "Why?"

Nikki grimaced and said, "Well, you know how Mia is on the pill, and I am a different species, a being of energy."

I nodded as if SHE were the one being thick and said, "Yeah. Why?"

She sighed and gave up on subtle, "Well, your energy also followed your unconscious desire, and knocked us both up...."

I opened my mouth and nothing came out so I closed it. My mind was entirely blank so that was no help either. Finally I spat out, once more proving my brilliance, "Really?"

"Ok, I am in shock but... I could see this as good news, but... How about you two? I, well, kind of took the choice away from you, on accident but I did. I didn't even know that was a possibility. What do you two want to do?"

I moved to hug them but they leaned away, oh crap I'm in trouble.........

Nikki huffed in annoyance, "You aren't in trouble. We are in shock and need all our wits about us. If we let you hug us we will break down. Girls do that when we feel safe you know, we let ourselves go."

That made me feel a little better, but I was still horrified. Not at the thought of having kids, I was ready for that, or at least I wanted to be ready. I was horrified because, well I felt like a bad chick that stopped taking the pill to trap her man. Of course I wasn't really that bad, as it was an accident, but still. I was glad they weren't mad at me. They certainly deserved to be if they wanted to.

I took a deep breath and tried to stop thinking about anything except positive thoughts and went to get a beer from my mini-fridge. I didn't want to add any more stress to Nikki's thoughts.

Mia said, "It's ok, I was going to wait till I had my license to practice, maybe 3 or 4 more years, but I always wanted kids. I won't kill it, that's not on the table at all."

Mia snickered and said, "And just think of all the auntie baby sitters we will have if you lure Stephanie to our group." She giggled but it had an edge to it.

"Have any of you talked to her about it?"

Nikki shook her head, "We were waiting to see how it went."

I shrugged and said, "I think good, I really enjoyed myself." 

Switching back to the other subject I said, "How about you Nikki, how do you feel about having a baby with me?"

When I had asked that question I had no idea what box I was opening up.

Tears started falling from her eyes as she said, "He will be a nephilim, and he will be hunted and hated by my kind. When they find out I will be stripped of my light and ejected from heaven."

Despondent she said, "I will fall, become something dark and evil, a demon."

Mia gasped, and I, well I felt empty. I shook my head in denial, I wouldn't let that happen. I loved her too much to allow myself to be the cause of so much pain.

"Can we hide it? Your pregnancy I mean. Or we could....," I trailed off unable to say it.

Then livid as the situation finally sunk in I said, "Why? Why would they do that?"

She replied hating having to defend their position but doing it anyway, "I am a being of energy and immense power. I could wipe this college off the map with a flick of my hand. I could destroy armies and claim this world for my own. Yet, that power is bound to heaven's purpose, I can't actually do any of those things.

"Our son however could accomplish all that and more, and he will be free, uncontrolled in any way. A being of this world with access to all of the powers of mine. There would be a huge risk, even if the possibilities are infinitesimal that he will be a monster, the law doesn't allow even that small chance. But even risking all that and my fall I cannot and will not allow him to come to harm. 

"We must hide my pregnancy, and then hide his power while he grows up to teach him responsibility, and to avoid using his power in the open and attracting my kind who would stop at nothing to kill him."

She looked up at me and said, "You must use your power on me to hide him until he is born, I can't do it, they would.... Notice."

"What do I need to do?"

She said, "Cover him with a light shield, one to hide his power, and conceal his presence."

Using what she taught me I did exactly that, opening the channel to the energy I cradled the fetus in my power, cutting it off from sight and power detection. We could do nothing else but hope for the best.... Generally on the side of good or not, gods help them if they attacked me or mine.