 Chapter 9 -- Vampire Slayers!

The week went quickly and things were calming down a bit, we had a plan, albeit a desperate one. Pia and Marie were having a hard time, both of them in the face of Mia and Nikki's pregnancies, driving home the knowledge they could never ever have that. They had known before of course, but it never quite hit home personally before. Even my energy couldn't knock up a ghost. They didn't have a body, just their souls and enough light energy to fuel them.

I went over and visited Stephanie at the coven house 3 more times last week. I found out she had the sexiest little bubble butt. I was practically drooling when I watched her walk away from me in tight jean shorts. The more time I spent with her the more I was sure holding my energy back while touching her wouldn't be an issue. I had gained some measure of control over time while learning to use it, my small brain was absolutely positive anyway.

Perhaps more importantly I was having a ball and truly enjoyed her company. She had a wicked sense of humor and was fiercely protective of her coven yet was gentle and kind to those that didn't threaten her own.

Sam and Gabriela had gotten back in the early morning right before twilight, so the party would start right at dusk which was in a few minutes. The only one joining me tonight was Pia. Mia was working on lab stuff, Marie and Nikki were... Let's just say they were having their alone time now. 

If I am not mistaken Pia has orders to offer Stephanie a spot in our little group. I'd be lying if I didn't say I wanted her to say yes. We were going to be early, still about an hour until sunset and we were just around the corner from the building already, but that's when I smelled the gasoline. I ran around the corner and saw 4 guys emptying gas cans around the house.

I screamed, "Hey, what the fuck are you doing?"

One guy turned around and said, "This house is a place of evil, we are here to cleanse it. Move along or I will make you move along."

I reached out and pumped extra power into Pia, so she could interact with solid objects. They still couldn't see her, but she could hit them. I shook my head angrily.

I said with steel in my voice, "How about you run away, and I will let you live, I don't like my friends threatened!"

He scoffed, "Friends? These are evil vampires, they will corrupt and destroy you, then drink you dry."

I shook my head, "Not all of them are the same, these are peaceful, however I am not, leave now and never come back!"

Pia was positioned behind one of the guys, she looked murderous, my wild Pia... She had my back. Is it wrong that my cock twitched at her fierce expression? My fierce little Pia.

The guy sneered and pulled a gun out, not waiting to get shot I looked at his hand and released a bolt of energy. At the speed of light, since the energy was light, it kind of meant if I could see it I could hit it. It took his hand off and cauterized the wound. I think the gun and hand were vaporized. 

He screamed as one of the guys took out matches, luckily Pia grabbed them then kicked him in the nuts like she was kicking a field goal from the 40 yard line. Her target was out for the count, passed out on the ground in the fetal position.

The other two looked around frantically for the other attacker. Trying to think of an attack that wouldn't kill, I had never given thought to fighting actual humans, those nipple clamps I use on Nikki came to mind. So I made them a whole bunch bigger and grabbed the last two guys with them, pinning their arms to their bodies. Pia grabbed the hose and started to hose down the outside of the house, diluting the gasoline until it was harmless.

I of course saw one of the sexiest woman ever holding the hose. They saw it move around as if by magic so were freaking out a bit. 

They yelled things like, "Warlock! Witch! Evil one!" 

It was getting old so I knocked them out by slamming them against the building. I carried them downstairs in the large power clamps and put them in a cage. Stripping them down of equipment I found stakes, holy water, knives, matches and two more guns.

Vampire hunters? Really? I sighed in disgust and took Pia back upstairs to hang in the main room waiting for the guests of honor and Stephanie to wake up. Not to mention the rest of them. I pulled Pia in my lap and she giggled. 

I whispered in her ear, "That was so hot when you knocked that guy out."

She looked back at my skeptically and said, "Really?"

I nodded and said, "Your fierce expression made my cock twitch, if we hadn't had to clean up I so would have taken you right there."

She looked up at me and blushed, "To be honest, when you smacked them all against the building, I got a little wet. We still have 15 minutes before Sunset."

I picked her up and threw her over the arm of the couch, her face in the cushions. I whipped her skirt up and quickly dropped my pants. Roughly pulling her very wet panties to the side, I shoved my cock in without warning, burying it up to the hilt in her warm extremely tight pussy.

She squealed then pushed back against me hard, grinding my cock inside her pussy as her walls grabbed and conformed to my hardened manhood perfectly. I moaned in pleasure as I started to saw in and out of Pia's sweet juicy warm core. I reached around and played with her clit as I rammed into her. She wasn't just taking it, she was rocking back to meet every thrust, mewling sounds of pleasure mixed with needy gasps escaping her soft pouty lips.

My lust was rising quickly, this was a desperate rutting quickie fuck, we were knew we didn't have time for anything else and yet it was perfect to me, exactly what we needed and craved at the same time.

Pia my normally sweet gentle lover was transformed by the earlier violence, she started begging me in a sultry but submissive tone, "Stick that cock in me hard, FUCK! Yeah, pound my tight pussy. Please finger fuck my ass, stick your big fat finger in my dirty hole while your ram your big cock into my tight little honey pot. Fuck me harder."

I wet my thumb in her pussy juices then popped it in her sphincter and she screamed, "YES, you fill me so good. She started to rock back and forth screwing my thumb and manhood on her holes as she mewled in pleasure. It was something so unexpected from Pia, my sweet hot little Pia that I completely lost all of that great control I picked up lately and screamed out, "I'm filling you, come for me now you nasty slut."

I reached under her and pinched her clit as I rammed my exploding staff into her hard as it swelled with cum. Pia gasped at the word slut and the pinch of her clit. Her warm center immediately contracted and she screamed in pleasure as we came together. Her wet warm core milked me as I filled her up. 

We still had 5 minutes but we rushed to the bathroom to clean up, she cheated just dropping her honey soaked panties on the floor and making a fresh pair as they disappeared.

She looked up at me and blushed, then said, "Wow, I came so hard when you called me a slut." She winked and said, "A good slut cleans her master."

She dropped to her knees and cleaned my cock and balls of our combined juices with soft brushes of her tongue. The desperate urges in my body had turned intimate after my ecstasy. I told her how beautiful she was and that I loved her. Then we headed back out to the couch. We just made it. Of course, vampires have a refined sense of smell, and even to my nose the room reeked of sex. They were all smirking at us as they got up, no chance of missing the strong smell in the room.

Pia verified my suspicions when she grabbed Stephanie and pulled her away for a private talk. I got my first look at Sam the vampire, he looked pretty much the same, maybe the skin was a little lighter, but that was from lack of sun for the last two weeks. I was extremely happy and relieved when I looked at the lovely and sexy Gabriela and felt no urge to grab her and run for a bed. 

Or to be honest with myself, no more than a normal healthy man would when looking at a perfect 10. Gabriela was smoking hot. There was just no other way to describe her in one brief thought.

They talked about their time away, they sounded like they had a good time. I didn't get any bad vibes from Sam, so I assumed he can handle the cravings. I did eventually bring up the hunters though.

I said, "So a funny thing happened on the way here tonight, any reason to think some vampire hunters might have been on your trail? They tried to burn down your house about 90 minutes ago. They are locked up in the basement."

Sam sighed and said, "I didn't hurt anyone, just wrong place wrong time when I was 2 days old. I scared the piss out of some people before Gabby grabbed me and dragged me away from them. We dodged the bastards for a week, but we thought we lost them. They must have been tracking from a distance to find us like this."

I nodded and shrugged. "Well they are wrapped up downstairs, I hope you guys can whammy their minds, its distasteful but I wouldn't let them go if you can't, they are convinced every vampire is an evil spawn from hell, they will just try again."

Sam nodded soberly and said in voice full of confidence, like a kid with a parent, "Stephanie will fix it."

Some of the other ladies came by and stole hugs and said hello. Anyone who thought this warm group of beings was evil had problems. Damn fanatics, lose the ability to judge cases and just judge a whole damn race or species. Granted most vampires weren't as warm and cuddly as this bunch though.

I saw Stephanie and Pia coming back in the room, Pia had a big smile on her face, Stephanie looked unsure. They were intercepted by Sam and Gabby, and Stephanie followed them to the basement. Pia came over to me with a huge grin.

She said, "Stephanie is definitely interested."

I replied questioningly, "She looked a little unsure when you came back in the room."

Pia nodded and said with confidence, "She likes us, and she believes me that the rest of us girls like her. She even says she is okay with the whole sharing polyamory concept. She just has her doubts about how you feel, which is easily fixed."

I replied with raised eyebrow, doubt in my voice, "Easily fixed?"

Pia snorted and said sarcastically, "Oh no, you're right, we are so screwed. It's not like you swept the four of us off our feet, and treat us like gold, and totally satisfy all our sexual needs. You are so.."

I cut her off by grabbing her hair and pulling her in for rough kiss. I released her hair when she melted against me. She was panting when she broke off the kiss. She smiled and winked and had a breathless look on her face.

In a silky seductive voice she said, "See, easy."

Stephanie came back in the room a few minutes later and headed over, she was dressed in a sundress again, this time a little tighter as it accentuated all her curves very nicely. She looked a little nervous still but she had a smile on her face. I wasn't going to ask about the hunters, it wasn't my business and nothing she could do would really bother me in regards to those assholes.

She grinned and said, "Seems I owe you my life again." She gave me a hug.

I took advantage of the closeness and caressed the back of her neck, pulling her close and whispering in her ear, "My pleasure." I then kissed her softly on her neck right below her ear.

She started to tremble so I released her and she backed up. "Excuse me a moment." She stepped out of the room.

Pia poked my ribs and said, "Go, take care of her."

I nodded, wondering what spooked her. Maybe she hasn't been intimate since... Master. That asshole. Probably had a memory flashback. Plus as a vamp she is probably screwed and can't forget the memories at all. Not like a human whose memories would fade over time. 

I used my power to track her down. She was on the top floor, looks like she had the big room up here. I knocked and walked in as the door was open. She jumped and turned around looking stricken.

I sensed touching her right now would be wrong, so I stopped a few feet away. A question in my face and eyes, I did not speak, just waited.

She bit her bottom lip and said, "Why me," it sounded like a plea. This was not the confident sexy woman I got to know last week.

Shocked I had another moment of insight, this is why Marie yelled at me last week, this is what she saw when I doubted my worth. Maybe not as bad, but in essence the same thing, insecurity turned around, her asking why would I want to be with her. I held out my hand, I would not be forceful with this woman, at least not for a very long time, she has had enough of that from dickface. For a brief burning moment I again regretted his death was so short and painless.

She took my hand and I squeezed hers lightly and brought her to the stairs, the open area that looked all the way down into the main room, where the party was.

I said, "What do you see?"

She shrugged, "A party, a lot of people having fun."

I nodded in agreement and asked, "What about all the vampires, beautiful women all, why are they all here still?"

She looked at me indignantly, her insecurity dropping by the wayside, "I take care of them, and they are my family, why would you think they would want to leave?"

I smiled at her and said, "There you are. That is why they stay. They see a strong woman to model themselves to, a mother to protect them. You are an amazingly strong woman, and more beautiful than I can express. I had a blast with you this past week. You are funny, loyal, smart, kind, and all kinds of sexy. The sound of your voice fills me with warmth and your presence lights up the room."

I leaned in close to her surprised face and whispered in her ear, "That's why you."

I kissed her neck again in the same spot then whispered in her ear, "That's why we all love you."

I kissed her again then said, "I know there are still... Lasting effects from the previous circumstances."

I kissed her again then whispered, "That's why I am resisting the urge to take you, even though I know some part of you wants me to. Instead I thought I would beg you to take me."

I smiled as I lifted my head to look into those sexy blue eyes and said softly, almost pleadingly, "Take me into your room and have your way with me."

She picked me up and ran back in the bedroom, closing the door as we went through. I plugged up the dam in my head, and then I capped it again, just in case. I would take no chance with my power hurting this woman. She grinned and started to strip my clothes off my body, I reciprocated, pulling the sundress over her head.

I couldn't help it, I froze as my eyes caressed her naked body for the first time. Her creamy breasts were flawless, large hardened and swollen red nipples atop a D-sized mound of flawless flesh. Her shaven core was glistening with a light sheen of honey, her puffy silken lips aching to be touched. My kisses and touch earlier must have had more of an effect on her than I first thought.

I patiently waited for her to escalate, resisting the urge to ravish her. I didn't have to wait long. She dropped to her knees and took me in her willing soft wet mouth, her tongue swirling around my tip. Her lips felt like velvet, her throat opened up to my bulbous head then closed around it tightly, massaging my most sensitive part. I had forgotten their life was dark energy, and they controlled all of their body with it.

Despite coming less than an hour ago she pleasured me with her mouth for mere minutes when I gasped and my cock engorged in her throat. I resisted pushing in, giving up all the control to her. She didn't disappoint, as I started to cum she buried her nose into my abdomen and snaked her tongue out to lick my tightened nut sac as I coated her throat with my seed.

I grabbed her head and shoulder for support, a light touch, so I wouldn't fall due to my buckling weak knees. 

Her sexy voice trilled over my cock as she started to milk it with a short bobbing motion while moaning in approval at my taste. When I started to lose rigidity she allowed my cock to drop from her lips and she stood up to kiss me. I am not ashamed to say I was completely enthralled by her, no magic necessary, so when she pushed me down on the bed and lowered her core on my face I was eager to please.

Her taste was wonderful and her silken folds soft and inviting against my rough tongue. I paid close attention as this was my first time with her and didn't know the spots yet. Ultra awareness of her every reaction to all my touches and licks. Her twitches, moans and gasps giving up the secrets to her pleasure. I found the three best spots and then started a rotation on just those three spots, to avoid over stimulation on any one.

I got hard again immediately when she started to grind on my face and cry out. Surrendering to my ministrations could not have been easy for her. I felt like I won something when I drew out her passion and flamed it to her height. Pleasuring this woman was deeply satisfying. Then her wonderful dripping silk turned into a torrent that I lapped up and swallowed. 

I did not stop, I moved to the secondary spots I marked in my head to draw her orgasm out a bit more then moved back to the primary three, determined to draw out more love juice from her hot wet core. Shortly after she drenched my face again and while I drank of her she arched her back and pushed down against me. My nose was pushed up against her puckered star as I licked her pussy as she came down again.

She grasped my tool and looked down, her blue eyes twinkling she said, "You really enjoyed that."

I smiled and said gasping, "You have no idea how much Stephanie."

She grinned and said, "So I am in control then?"

I nodded and said, "Oh yes, I am your willing sex slave and lover."

Stephanie grinned and ordered, "Lick my ass slave."

I think she might have been kidding, but the truth is I've been dreaming of getting my tongue between her cheeks since I saw her in those tight jeans a few days ago, hiding that sexy bubble butt. So I didn't hesitate for even a second. She gasped and I felt her dark star tighten as I probed and rimmed it with my tongue.

She gasped out, "You may finger my pussy as you continue."

I groaned in pleasure as I slid a finger between her velvety folds and pushed my tongue inside her dark hole as she moaned. For this third orgasm of oral pleasure I teased her mercilessly, raising her to heights then holding here there. Slowing down when she got to close, speeding up when she started to fall away from orgasm.

Finally she ordered in frustration, "Be a good slave and make me cum, now!"

I slipped my tongue deep in her dark star, two curled fingers in her pussy and rubbed her g-spot and then I pinched her clit with my other hand. She screamed loudly as she immediately peaked. Gushing out, she soaked my fingers, rivulets of her honey running down my forearm. My tongue was trapped in the vise of her sphincter. I kept stimulating her and rolled her quickly into number four. The advantage of my teasing her earlier made it strike her like an avalanche.

As she came down she fell over sideways on the bed, dismounting me. Her pleasure was too close to pain from the intensity of it. I held her close against me, spooning her with my cock hard and sandwiched in her luscious ass cheeks as I caressed her body with brushing fingertips and cooed in her ear.

When she recovered she pushed me on my back again, this time mounting my pole. Her core locked tight around me. It is hard to describe the feeling, but like Nikki she had complete control over her whole body via dark energy, and my god the sensations on my sheathed pole were beyond belief as she stimulated many parts of my cock separately, each part with different sensations and levels of stimulation.
