 Jim's Monday started like most of his Mondays had. He got up and took a shower, with Liz taking one soon after his. He watched her in the shower as he brushed his teeth, mesmerized by the lithe body.

Her skin glistened as she stood under the water. She seemed to be dancing as she washed herself. The movement was much more elegant than she had been in her previous body. She rubbed her breasts, and her nipples hardened. She bit her lip as she glanced at the clock, then sighed. She noticed Jim staring and smiled. To tease him she turned around and bent over to wash her legs, giving him a full view of her pussy, which was starting to get excited.

Jim came in his boxers. He embarrassingly went to quickly change into new ones. 

Liz came out of the bathroom toweling herself off. "If we had more time I would love to get some personal time with you this morning. Unfortunately I have to get to the lab meeting. I don't know why but I'm really horney today." Liz said.

Jim responded, "Perhaps after work we can set aside some time for a little fun."

"That sounds good... except that I'm doing yoga with Susan after work. I'll message you when we are done and we can do dinner together or something. Is that ok?" Liz said.

"That sounds good to me." Jim kissed Liz, longer than their normal parting kiss, and they both went off to work.

Jim got in, to find Susan already there. She was setting up her computer in the same two person cubicle as him, where Robert used to be. She was wearing a suit jacket and white blouse, with a knee length skirt and black high heels. She had the blouse unbuttoned

"Morning Susan, where's Robert?" Jim asked.

"He got moved into the cubicle with Harry. I'm working directly under you so I'm going to be in the cubicle with you." Susan said.

"Directly under me?" Jim said, raising his eyebrows.

"Yep, and I don't mind the innuendo, but you shouldn't let anybody else hear you talking like that to me." Susan thought to Jim.

"Good point, luckily we are in the back corner over here, so it isn't likely that someone will just wander by the cubicle entrance." Jim thought.

"They can still hear everything, so just keep the conversation normal." Susan thought as she spread her legs, showing off that she wasn't wearing panties.

Jim got hard immediately. "You are going to make doing any work very difficult." He thought.

"I can do all the work. I spent much of the weekend setting up a life story, part of which is I'm fantastic at accounting, and can pretty much do the job of your entire department by myself. Just make sure you know enough about it that you won't get called out for not knowing about the work you are supposed to have done." She thought, noticing that Jim's eyes hadn't moved from her pussy.

"Do you mind if I touch?" Jim thought.

"Not at all" Susan thought.

Jim reached out to run his hand up her leg, but as he was reaching out an invisible force stopped him.

"Oh, right, Liz wished you had to get her permission first before touching other women 'inappropriately' as I interpreted it." Susan thought.

Jim sighed, and said, "Shall we get to work then? We have about an hour before the first meeting today."

Susan did everything she promised, including all his work and showing off her luscious body whenever she could for his pleasure and torture. Jim couldn't bring himself to ask Liz for permission to touch Susan, as he had no idea how that would turn out. Susan proved that the restriction was one way when she grabbed his crotch after their afternoon coffee break. Unfortunately for Jim, as soon as he tried to encourage the movement, the force field jumped back into action, pushing her hand away. He couldn't complain that much, as he now had an insanely hot woman doing all his work for him and making sure he got the credit. He did notice during some of the meetings that his bosses were similarly mesmerized by Susan, but he didn't think much of it. What man wouldn't be drawn to her?

Jim spent much of the rest of the day browsing his favorite websites, and staring at Susan. She risked a bit of extra cleavage, and even flashed him once. He loved the massive breasts with their large areola, and no tan lines. At 5pm Susan grabbed her bag and headed out to yoga, Jim decided he was going to watch from home to see if anything happened.

Liz got there first, and changed into her yoga clothes. She wore what looked like a sports bra, but didn't provide any support, as she didn't need it. The fabric was thin enough to show her nipples through, and didn't cover any of her flat stomach. The yoga pants also showed off her ass really nicely. Her tight round butt was only made to look tighter and rounder by the elastic pants pulling her ass up. The pants cut out just below her knee, and her smooth, svelte calves showed below the pants. Jim noticed again how elegant her movements were, as Liz became more used to her new body. Susan showed up, and gave Liz a big hug. Jim loved seeing them press their bodies together, with Susan's voluptuous breasts squeezing against Liz's small frame. Susan went to change, coming back out in the same kind of attire as Liz. The only exception being that Susan's sports bra supported a massive rack. Despite that, Susan's breasts jiggled with every movement. The women hugged again as Liz thanked Susan for joining. The hug lasted longer this time, and Jim noticed Liz's hand sliding down Susan's back. Just as Liz's pinky started rubbing against the waste of Susan's pants the class started.

This class was led by a young woman, and almost all the participants were also women. Susan grabbed a spot in the back corner, with Liz taking the spot directly in front of her. They started getting into the first poses, Susan taking a little while longer to bend over than Liz so she could get the great view.

"Your wife's ass is amazing." Susan thought to Jim.

"I know, and so is yours." Jim thought back.

"Are you watching?" Susan asked.

"Of course." Jim responded.

"I can't get the thought of how good her pussy tastes out of my head right now." Susan thought. They turned towards the back wall with their poses. "I can tell right now she wants to taste me as well. Thank you for wishing me to know what she wants. She wants to lick me so bad. I'd love to have her eat me out. Would you like that to happen tonight?"

"Yes." Jim thought, stroking himself.

"We'll see. I'll tell you what to do to make sure that happens." Susan thought. She was getting sweaty, making her skin glisten. The poses were showing off her hard stomach. Jim zoomed into watch a few drops of sweat trace the paths along her neck, and roll down her collarbone, and then take the long trip along her breasts. They slipped down past her bra, through her abs, down through her belly button, then onto the top of her yoga pants. The thought of his wife doing that path with her tongue turned him on more than he could bear.

Susan started back with a commentary on Liz. "She has such a tight little ass, I want to squeeze it and spank it at the same time. Her back is so sexy, just a hint of muscle, but so smooth. I'd like the chance to give her a massage so I can feel all over that back with oil. I'd slip my hands down and get that good squeeze of her ass. I'd then lavish attention all over those slim elegant legs. Her freckled face is so adorable, but sexy. Her lips are so kissable, and her eyes are captivating. I'd spend all the time it took to kiss every one of her freckles. She looks so happy all the time, exactly the opposite of my resting bitch face. Her pert breasts are showing through her sports bra now more than ever, since she has gotten so sweaty. I'd gladly suck on them until they were completely cleaned of all that sweat. I bet even her sweat tastes sweet. I want to run my fingers through her hair, and kiss her deeply. Squeeze my body tight against hers, and feel her breathe, and feel her stomach contract as she orgasms. Looks like the class is over." Susan thought.

Indeed the class was ending, and Jim had watched the whole thing despite getting off after 5 minutes of it.

Liz and Susan picked out a cozy place for dinner and Liz messaged Jim that they would meet him there in 30 minutes. The dinner place was only a 5 minute walk from the yoga studio, but Susan's temporary apartment was also only 5 minutes away.

Jim had to get in the car and drive, so he was unable to watch the two of them in the shower, but Susan kept up her commentary.

"We're heading back to my place to shower before dinner. I've convinced Liz to shower with me, not very hard to convince her. Her breasts feel just as good as I remember. Her ass feels better, I think she is getting more used to this body and is holding it better. She is spending a lot longer on my breasts than is strictly necessary. I was right, her sweat is sweet. Right now we are just holding each other in the pretense of cleaning each other's backs. It is more of me getting to squeeze her fantastic ass as she squeezes mine, and breathes heavily into my ear. I love the feel of her petite body pressed up against mine. She saw the clock and realized we're going to be 5 minutes late. Go ahead and get the table for us."

Jim almost crashed the car several times on the way to dinner from Susan's commentary. He got to the restaurant and grabbed a booth. 10 minutes late Susan and Liz showed up, they were giggly and giddy. They had changed into clean clothes. Liz was in a sundress and no bra. The sundress was incredibly low cut for what he would think she would wear. Susan was in a strapless little black dress, showing off her large bust and strong legs. The clothing and way they walked in accentuated how cute and submissive Liz was, and how dominant and sexy Susan was. Liz grabbed a seat next to Jim and gave him a breathless kiss. She was breathing hard, and whispered, "we need plenty of together time tonight." They ordered and Jim enjoyed running his hand along Liz's thigh. Their drinks came out and Jim got a little bolder and moved his hand up to feel her panties, but she had apparently taken a cue from Susan and wasn't wearing any. Liz moved his hand back down and whispered to him, "not now." Their meal came out and Jim watched Susan feed a sample of her dish to his wife, then his wife reciprocate. Liz missed a bit, and a little juice ran down Susan's chin. Liz wiped it off and stuck her finger in her mouth, saying, "Tastes even better like that." 

Jim finished much faster than the other two, due to their antics. His hand retook its place on Liz thigh, but soon felt a foot against his hand. He looked across at Susan who just smiled and winked.

As dinner wound down Susan invited them back to her place. "If you two would like to come over we can get in the hot tub."

"We don't have our swimsuits." Liz said, "Otherwise we absolutely would."

"You can use one of mine, just tighten down the strings a lot. I don't have anything for Jim." Susan said. She thought to Jim, "Just say you are ok with dipping your feet."

"I can come over and just dip my feet in. Hot tub sounds great to me." Jim said.

Susan said, "Great! I only have this nice apartment for a few more weeks, as part of the relocation for the company. So let's get use of it while I have it."

"We can't stay that long, I'll set an alarm so we can know when we need to leave. We all do have work tomorrow." Liz said, putting the alarm into her phone.

Jim paid for them, then they all walked over to Susan's place. 

Liz and Susan changed in Susan's room, and came out looking like models. Besides the extra foot or so of string, the bikini more or less fit Liz. Susan was wearing the same style but it looked almost painted onto her athletic body.

"Shall we?" Susan said, leading the way to the hot tub on the roof of the building. It had a great view of the city, and the sunset.

"This is a fantastic view." Liz remarked. 

She had taken a spot along the outer edge of the hot tub, facing outward and folding her arms along the edge to watch the sunset. Susan slid up right next to her, their arms lightly touching. Jim noticed Liz sigh and lean her head on Susan's strong shoulder as they watched the sunset. Nobody talked while the sun was setting, as they just enjoyed the view. Shortly after sunset some teen guys came out to the pool area, and seeing Susan and Liz came over and started hitting on them. It was clear they had no idea how to hit on a woman, or were near mature enough to know when to stop.

Liz leaned over to Susan and whispered, "I wish the random guys would leave us alone."

Immediately one of their moms came out and yelled at them to come inside and leave the poor ladies alone. The teens got up and went inside.

"Thank god." Liz said, "They were so annoying."

"I'm kinda used to that, I get it all the time." Susan said, "But yes, annoying."

"So Susan, you had mentioned you dance," Liz said, leaning towards her.

"Oh, yes. Mostly it is Latin dances, Salsa, Cha Cha, Merengue, that kind of thing. I found a club that does Thursday night Latin dance I was thinking of checking out this week. Would you be interested?" Susan said, then thought to Jim, "You need to say you'll go, even if you don't plan to dance."

"That sounds interesting. Send us the details and we'll try to make it." Jim responded.

"I'd love to!" Liz said, looking at Jim with surprise, as Jim typically hated dancing. Liz started talking quickly in excitement. "What should I wear? What kind of shoes? A Dress? Do I need to know any steps?"

"Whoa, whoa," Liz broke in, "I can lead and follow, so you just need to be able to follow my lead. And we can go pick out something for you to wear tomorrow or Wednesday." She turned to Jim, "For guys it is easier, just wear a black button down, slacks, and comfortable dress shoes."

Liz grabbed Susan's hand and bounced up and down, "I'm so excited, I haven't been out dancing in forever!"

"What other talents do you have?" Jim asked.

"I also hike a lot, and do some diving." Susan responded.

"Diving, isn't that dangerous?" Liz asked.

"Not really if you are comfortable underwater. A lot of it is about being relaxed and conserving air. There shouldn't ever be a point where you feel like you are in danger." Susan responded.

"Do you have to hold your breath for a long time?" Liz asked.

"No, you should never be holding a breath, just breathing out slowly. Want me to show you? Jim, could you turn off the jets?" Susan said. Liz was nodded to indicate she wanted to see.

Jim turned the jets off, noticing that underwater Liz was still holding Susan's hand, and that it was resting on her inner thigh.

"Here goes." Susan pushed into the center of the hot tub and faced Liz, she submerged and grabbed Liz's legs to hold her under. After a few seconds the water calmed and Jim could see Susan making a kissing face, with small bubbles escaping her full lips incredibly slowly. She pulled herself down some more, and kissed Liz's knee. Small bubbles kept coming up from Susan, as she kissed her way up Liz's thigh, then kissed Liz's flat belly. The small bubbles travelled up Liz's body, and Jim could tell the sensation of the kissing and the bubbles was thoroughly pleasing his wife. Liz closed her eyes, and started running her fingers through Susan's long hair, then down her back. Liz eyes opened wide and she looked down.

"What was that?" Jim thought.

"I stuck my tongue in her belly button and grabbed her ass" Susan thought. "She tastes lovely." A bunch of bubbles came up from Susan. "And I gave her a raspberry."

Susan surfaced laughing. "That last part wasn't conserving much air, I admit."

"You still stayed under almost two minutes." Jim commented.

Liz had turned red, "That was very unexpected." She said, not sure what else to say. Liz's phone alarm went off, and she got out to grab the phone. "Damn it." She said. "We need to go. Work tomorrow, and all that."

Susan got out and towelled off. "Ok, let's go change, then you two can head off."

After quickly changing back, they headed out, Jim gave Susan a hug, and Jim noticed a small kiss between Liz and Susan as he grabbed his bag. They walked to the car and headed home.

On the drive, Jim thought to Susan, "I thought you two were going to put on a show tonight."

Susan responded, "Didn't you like what you got? I do have to admit that I didn't expect that reaction to the tongue and raspberry. I can tell she didn't like that at all, it embarrassed her for some reason."

"Well hopefully after dancing we'll get I can get a better show." thought Jim.

"I can't promise anything. The only reason things happened so fast the first time is because you forced it every step of the way. Liz is confused about herself right now, and she needs you to help her understand herself, her new self." Susan replied.

"I'll try," Jim replied.

As soon as they got home Liz grabbed Jim and pulled him to the bed. "I'm hornier than I've probably ever been right now and you are going to help me with that." Jim felt a compulsion, and he could feel magic at work. He remembered, 'I wish you'd help me with that,' as he got on his knees lifted her sundress. He immediately started licking and fingering his wife. He tried to stop to possibly get some action for himself, but the magic kept him kneeling, licking, and fingering her eager pussy. He eventually managed to get his other hand down to his cock so he could jack himself off at the same time, but he didn't last long and it didn't feel that great with the pressing need to get his wife off. She orgasmed several times before he did, and many times after. She arched her back and shuddered with each thrust of his fingers. His tongue quickly flicked back and forth across her clit, finding a rhythm that matched her hip thrusts as closely as he could. She had closed her eyes, and was grabbing her petite breasts when he heard her whisper, "Susan." She started orgasming even harder and he tried as hard as he could to satisfy her. This time it was only 45 minutes until she was done. He brushed his teeth and noticed that the toothpaste stung a bit where his tongue was rubbed a little raw, and his right arm was sore for the fingering so he used his left to brush. Liz was already fast asleep, and he let her lie there. She was adorably gorgeous, sleeping with a giant smile on her face.