 ** Getting a bit meatier with the story. I'm having fewer wishes to keep things interesting, and build on all the wishes that have happened up to this point. The first little bit is story, but there is a lot of hotter stuff after.**

*****

Tuesday morning Jim watched Liz as she showered again. She smelled like chlorine and had terrible morning breath, but Jim couldn't turn down a kiss. He couldn't get tired of seeing his wife look so good. She was so happy after the fun of the previous night, both with Susan and his work to get her off.

The work day when pretty much the same as Monday. Jim got to goof off, and check out Susan while she did all the work for the two of them. Jim's boss stopped by the cubicle to introduce himself properly, which was pretty normal. Jim was surprised when the VP came by to introduce himself, as he had never done that for him. Jim was pretty sure he knew why as they kept glancing at Susan's bust and legs.

Susan was texting with Liz, and kept Jim up to date on what they were talking about. Apparently with the styles they were going to look at Liz and Susan couldn't wear the same kinds of clothes. Susan's breasts made support and containment vital, while Liz could wear nearly anything without a bra and get away with it. Jim ignored most of what she mentioned after that as they were talking the finer points of fashion, shoes, brands, and stores.

Susan said he wasn't to watch them later so that their dresses could be a surprise. He grudgingly agreed. She left early to meet up with Liz for clothes shopping. After Susan left Jim got a rush assignment, so he couldn't have watched them if he had wanted to, and didn't make it home until very late. Liz was in bed, and he joined her, just going to sleep.

The next day work was work, Susan brought a fun toy. She wore remote control underwear and let me play with the controls. He found good times to turn them on and made her orgasm a few times. Since he wasn't touching her Liz's permission wish wasn't coming into play. 

Jim asked about what had happened while shopping, but Susan said there really wasn't much to tell, except for that one time in the changing room:

"So we had been trying on little black dresses, and decided to spice it up. We grabbed a few of the red dresses and high heels and grabbed a dressing room together. The red dress I had was very low cut, and I kept popping out. Liz kept fondling me trying to find a way to get these ladies to stay put. Eventually we both got really turned on, and she kissed my nipple while putting it away. She then kneeled down, at this point I didn't have on any underwear, and started licking. She made me sit, and propped my legs over her shoulders while she went to town on my pussy. She is absolutely amazing with her tongue, thanks for making her great at that. She also seemed to really enjoy it since you wished for her to love the way I taste."

Jim slipped out for a quick wank in the restroom thinking about that image. He checked in on Liz with his viewing app and saw her looking good in a new shirt and pants that really showed off her body. Most of it was covered by her lab coat, but she still looked great.

The rest of the work day slid by, and Jim couldn't wait to get home to ravish his now hot wife. He got home and she was already there. Jim walked up to her and gave her a big hug and kiss, running his hands up the back of her shirt.

"Mmm, somebody's ready," Liz said, grabbing the front of Jim's pants, his erection already pronounced.

She grabbed his belt and pulled him to bed. She pushed him into a seated position and undid his belt, quickly pulling off his pants and boxers. It had been years since she had last given him a blowjob, and with her newly wished skills it was much more stimulating than he'd remembered. She had barely gotten the first few licks in before he blew his load on her face. She licked a little off her lip and frowned at the taste.

"This just isn't as tasty," she muttered to herself, wiping the rest of his cum off with a tissue.

"My turn!" she said.

Jim felt the compulsion rise of needing to get her off. He undid her pants and pulled them down. He stood up from the bed and gave his wife a kiss, tasting a bit of his cum in her mouth. He had to agree that the taste wasn't that good. He kissed down her neck, while rubbing her mound through her panties. She started to get into it, the heightened nerves he'd wished for her kicking in.

She pulled her shirt over her head and sat down on the bed, Jim going to his knees so he could continue down to her nipples. He spent a few minutes continuing to rub her through her panties while giving her nipples kisses and licks, squeezing what little breast she had in his other hand. He moved down to her flat stomach and kissed her belly button.

Jim removed her panties revealing her smooth pussy. He felt the compulsion to please her take hold again and his mouth became glued to her labia. He licked and fingered her to her first orgasm of the evening.

"That is just in the right spot!" she moaned as his fingers curled up to her enhanced G-spot. She started shaking with a deeper orgasm and she haltingly moaned out "oo-oo-oo-yea-right-there" punctuated by the shaking.

Jim continued his duties for a good 45 minutes before Liz was satisfied, slightly after her 10th orgasm. He was exhausted, but she seemed to be still full of energy. "I'll go heat up some leftovers." She said, hopping out of bed and putting on some new pajamas. She looked adorable in the pajamas, but the way she walked, with her hips swaying from side to side, spoke to a newly awakened sensual creature still waiting to be fully unleashed.

-----------

Thursday at work came and went quickly. He mainly watched online videos, as Susan finished up some more work from the rush job from the night before. Jim got home to find Liz putting some makeup on, and really looking like she was in her 20's again. He still looked his age, with grey hair having overtaken his natural brown. He was in better shape than he'd been before the wishing began, but it didn't make him a hunk. They made a really incongruous couple.

When they got to the club Jim noticed that it was one of the more exclusive clubs in the city. They would never have dreamed of going to a place like this before. The line to get in was stretching around the block, but out front was Susan. She was in a black shoulderless dress. The front of it was worked like a corset, holding up her ample tits, with a v down the middle. The dress also barely went to her mid thigh. The whole ensemble emphasized how toned her muscles were, and how large her breasts were. Liz's mouth was hanging open as she stared at Susan.

"Hi there, sexy." Susan said, grabbing Liz's hand. "Let's go in." She pulled Liz past the bouncer.

Jim went to follow, but the bouncer held out his hand and pointed to the line. "They can go in, but you have to wait."

Susan said, "He's with us."

"Don't care, you can wait with him", replied the bouncer.

"Go ahead and have fun, I'll be in soon." Jim said.

The bouncer smirked and motioned Jim to get in line.

"Thank you!" Liz and Susan said as they walked past.

At the end of the line Jim pulled out his phone and keyed it to his wife and Susan.

They went straight to the dance floor as the Latin music started.

Susan was good for her word, and was amazing at leading Liz around. They twirled and spun around each other, coming close to rub together, just to spin apart and do it all again. On queue for the end of the song, Susan masterfully dipped Liz. They had some admirers watching, since their dancing was undeniably the sexiest thing in the room, but none of the random guys could approach due to Liz's wish from earlier: "I wish the random guys would leave us alone." As everyone watched Liz grabbed Susan's head and gave her a deep kiss. Susan pulled Liz up to standing without breaking the kiss, and then pulled away as the next song started. Liz glanced around, and noticing how many were staring. "Oh, right." She said.

"Nobody will mind." Susan said, giving Liz another big kiss. "Let's get a drink."

Susan pulled Liz through the crowd to the bar. Despite just getting there the female bartender came right over. "What can I get you ladies?"

"We'll have two blowjobs." Susan said.

"House rule is you have to take it from another person without using your hands." The bartender said.

"Works for us." Susan shot back.

The bartender handed over two drinks in test tubes, Susan put one between her breasts "Now you have to take it, but no using your hands." Liz smiled and went for it. Susan was tricky, she pulled her shoulders back, letting the tube shot fall lower between her breasts. Liz, needing more leverage, grabbed Susan's ass with both hands and shoved her face deeper between the lovely, soft tits. She got her lips around it and pulled it out, turning it up and taking the shot. Liz placed the tub on the bar and smiled, "That was tricky of you. I like it." She then took the other from Susan, and tried in vain to push her breasts close enough together to hold it. With her A cups she just couldn't manage.

"I got an idea" Liz said. She glanced around and pulled the top aside to expose a nipple. With the other hand she held the shot tipped sideways above it. "Ready?"

"Absolutely" Susan said, as she leaned in and lapped at the small rivulet of alcohol that streamed down Liz's breast.

Liz covered back up and put the tub on the bar. "Let's go dance some more."

This time Liz grabbed Susan's hand and dragged her to the floor. Instead of dancing with lots of spins and twirls, they danced a closer style. They stole kisses where they could, copped feels whenever possible, and in general had a blast. 

After a few more drinks, and a lot more dancing, Jim had made it through the line, and unfortunately all the watching through his special app had drained his battery. He got inside and started looking around, after looking for 15 minutes he remembered he was being an idiot.

"Where are you?" Jim thought.

"We are in the back corner of the balcony by the tables." Susan thought back.

Jim made his way upstairs and found Susan at a back table, covered in a shimmery tablecloth. She was sitting on the far side in a booth seat, one arm laid across the booth, showing off her muscles.

"Where's Liz?" he asked out loud.

"I can't hear you." Susan thought back.

"Where's Liz?" he asked using his thoughts.

"She's busy, but will be with us shorty. Have a seat." Susan thought, and pointed at the chair diagonal from her.

"Having a good evening?" Jim thought as he sat down.

"Wonderful." Susan thought, as she tilted her head back and closed her eyes, spreading her arms across the back of the booth.

"I've never had so much fun being a genie before. It has always been about the wants and needs of my master. It is so freeing to be able to pursue my wants and needs, with my master not really taking the leading role." Susan thought.

"Are you tired?" Jim thought as Susan sat there for a bit longer with her eyes closed.

"No, just enjoying the moment." She thought back, a half smile crossing her face. They sat that way for a few songs, when she began to shiver a bit.

"Cold?" Jim asked. Despite the upper area of the club being very warm.

"Mmmm, no." Susan thought as her shaking intensified.

Jim watched, mesmerized by the way Susan's breast jiggled with her shaking. She kept shaking for several minutes while Jim just stared. She opened her eyes and looked down, saying out loud, "That was wonderful."

Liz slid from under the table to the seat across from Jim, a massive smile on her face. She looked over and said, "Jim! I'm glad you finally made it in!" She leaned over and grabbed his face, giving him a big kiss. He tasted Susan's juices, and had to admit that they tasted great.

Liz broke the kiss after a few seconds, "We've had so much fun dancing! I'm getting pretty tired, but I can do one or two more." She led Jim to the dance floor as a salsa tune came on. Jim tried to lead Liz around, but it was bad. She was a little too drunk for his leading to make sense to her, since it wasn't the best to begin with. He was clearly trying to hard, and instead of being intimate chose to try and impress. At the end of the song he tried to dip her, like he saw Susan do on his phone. He failed, dropping her on the floor.

"I'm ok." Liz said, as Susan pulled her up. "I think it is time we head home."

"I'm up for more dancing." Jim said. He was put out that he waited over an hour to get only one dance with his wife.

"We should probably go" Susan reiterated.

"How are you getting home?" Liz asked, as she drunkenly melted into Susan's arms.

"I can taxi back to the temp housing, that is how I got here." Susan said.

"Or you can come home with us." Liz said, putting her arms around Susan.

"I'd love to if Jim is ok with it."

Jim was not ok with it, but he could feel a wish from earlier working on him, knowing he had to help get his wife off, and this would be the best way to do that. "Ya that's fine." He said.

They walked out to the car, Liz leaning on Susan. Jim was the only sober one, so he got into the driver's seat. Both Liz and Susan got in the back seat. He started driving home while listening to soft moans and the sound of lips.

---------

They made it back to the house and Jim watched them making out and fingering each other in the back seat of the car for a few minutes before Susan realized they were in a garage. She opened the door, and went around to get Liz out. They both stumbled into the house. Jim closed the garage door and followed them inside. They went straight for the bedroom, stripped down and kept making out while fingering each other. Jim walked up and started caressing his wife.

"No, no touching, but you can watch." She slurred. Jim realized that when he had wished for Liz to want to do this regularly, he hadn't been physically involved that night.

"He went out into the living room and grabbed a chair. He turned on the TV and watched as his wife's body pressed up against Susan's. The petite half asian folding into the larger fit Latina. Their nipples rubbed together and Liz let out a moan. Their hips rolled apart to give better access, to each other's hands. Jim could see their vaginas pulsing as the fingers went in and out. They kissed deeply as they fingered each other, climaxing near a dozen times as Jim watched and masturbated. They climaxed one more time and passed out on the bed, exhausted.