 Chapter 2 – Concert in the park.

I stretched my body luxuriously as I woke up, the sun warm on my arms, legs and face. I looked over and Tracy still looked asleep. I got up and put on my short terry cloth robe and headed down to the showers.

The hot water felt wonderful on my skin as I washed, cleaning my dried honey off my center brought out a small private smile as I remembered last night. I finished my shower and dried off while planning my day. Classes didn't start until Monday, so I had a few days to drop by the bookstore for my course books and figure out anything else I needed, but decided to take care of it today. 

Otherwise I would be thinking about the concert with Rick tonight, or busy trying to figure out how to accidentally be naked in front of Tracy again all day long. I put on my matching sexy red lingerie bra and panties. I knew I looked great in these. They contrasted against my lighter skin and dark raven hair perfectly. All three shades complementing and not drowning out or making me look pale.

Feeling sexy I threw my robe on and headed back to the dorm room. I started looking in my closet for something sexy but casual when I heard Andrea giggle. I opened my senses and felt Tracy staring at me in my lingerie. Hmm, that wasn't hard to pull off, just happened on accident. I pulled out a pair of jean shorts that rode a little high but still concealed all my assets and threw them over on my bed.

Andrea laughed when I stretched provocatively after removing my robe. Almost exactly like she had fantasized about me doing it last night. When I felt my nipples tighten I wondered if I was a slut and an exhibitionist. I was really enjoying turning my roommate on, when she was sure I thought she was still asleep.

Quitting before it became too obvious that I was aware and showing off, I grabbed a cute top that showed off my flat stomach and would compliment by B cups well. I pulled the shirt on, and then hung up my robe before walking over to the bed. I put on my shorts by bending over, my ass pointing at Tracy's bed, instead of simply pulling my leg up like I normally do. 

I almost giggled at myself but managed to suppress it. Andrea however was snickering softly. I wondered if I was making her hot too, and my nipples swelled a bit more at the thought. I needed to get out of here before I did something stupid and gave the game up. I sat on my bed to throw on my running shoes like a normal person would, then grabbed my purse and headed for the door. 

One glance showed that Tracy was still playing possum. I bit my lip wondering if she would start diddling herself as soon as I was gone. I found that thought depressed me. I really wanted to watch and listen, and join in secret if I could, but that couldn't happen right now. I actually did know a way to do it, but shook my head, that would be going too far.

I could have snatched a hair of energy from Andrea and hooked it into Tracy, I learned when I was a kid I could eavesdrop or spy on people that way, no matter how far they got. But as I got older I understood how wrong it was, creepy even, to invade someone's privacy so completely. Eavesdropping at the door is one thing, or across a dark room in the middle of the night. Listening into every detail of a person's life was just... Wrong.

Maybe Andrea would send me a memory replay. I snickered and forced my mind to jump tracks, I was thinking about this too much, it wasn't that important. My goal was to seduce her, or let her seduce me, not spy on her.

I am a firm believer in polyamory, my parents have been very happy for over 20 years, and no one ever thinks of cheating or has cheated, which is very common with that lifestyle. Between my Six parents there is almost an endless variety of combinations of sex between 2, 3 and even 4 of them at a time. No one was ignored and left at the wayside, because if one spouse was too busy to help there were four more to step up.

She sighed, I have to find one that loves me first, and is open minded enough to view a rare lifestyle that I grew up in as natural and normal. For now I can focus on just having a good time though, I am still young, though 2 years older than my father was when he found my mothers. But still 4 years younger than my birth mom was when she met my dad.

I made it to the book store and pulled out my course information for the 5 classes I signed up for which would be a full load. I wasn't worried about it though, in addition to reading minds and sending to minds I happened to have perfect recall. Once I saw something I would always be able to call it up in a crystal clear manner. It was not just photographic. 

I can remember everything, not just what I see. I could tell you what two strangers whispered to each other, word for word, in the mall when I was 5 and got lost. I would still be busy with actual work, but study time was... Unnecessary.

I could have handled more, I took 7 courses back home, but I came here to have fun, and not be stuck under my parent's thumbs, all twelve of them. I wanted to have plenty of time to relax and have fun while still doing well. It didn't take long to pick up my books. I also bought a book bag. 

I was embarrassed after I bought 12 heavy books at once and I was lugging the impossibly heavy bag back to the dorms obviously struggling with it while carrying the three books that wouldn't fit in my left arm. I should have made two trips. Too late now though.

You would think I was a freshmen or something. Stupid.

Or maybe not! I heard a familiar voice from behind.

Rick said after chuckling, "Need help with that?"

I smiled and said, "My hero, I don't know what I was thinking when I didn't make two trips."

"About me?" he asked, his eyes twinkling in humor.

"Well if that is true then you owe it to me to help, since it would be entirely your fault," I shot back, grinning now in both relief for the help and in happiness I was getting to see him early. 

When he leaned in to grab the heavy book bag he lingered and stole a kiss. My soft lips melted against his as if they belonged there. He cut the kiss off and stepped back with the backpack.

I was relieved to have the weight off me but left wanting another kiss. I didn't bother opening my mind, I didn't have to, he looked breathless and left wanting more as well, I could see it in his face.

"So what brings my rescuer down this way?"

He smiled and held up his coffee in his left hand, "Stuff of life." Watching him throw the backpack over his shoulder effortlessly, that I could hardly lift, made me tingle.

Or it could have been the kiss. He followed me to my dorm, it was a coed dorm and I was on the woman's only floor. But that wasn't exactly enforced for visitors, only for residency on the floor. He carried my books up to the second floor and down the hall to my room. I knocked, thinking maybe Tracy would be getting dressed, or... Busy.

There was no answer and I didn't sense Andrea in the room so figured Tracy was out. I could not detect humans unless they had energy attached to them. I opened the door and waved him in. He stepped past me and walked to my side of the room and dropped the books on my bed.

"How..."

He snickered, "This side is just you, plus the picture of the guy and girl over there, guessing sibs. They look a lot like you, even with the different hair colors."

I don't know why but that turned me on, that he was paying attention and knew more about me than wanting to get in my shorts. I stepped up against him and pulled his head down into a slow sensual kiss, one that promised more to come. I felt him start to harden against my stomach and moaned into his mouth before breaking the kiss and slowly stepping back.

"Thanks for carrying the books, so what are you up to the rest of the day, I am pretty sure I am set for classes next Monday."

He smiled once he caught his breath and said, "I am pretty set to, the concert isn't until 7. Did you want to go grab lunch?"

I nodded and said, "Sounds good to m..." I broke off as the door opened behind us and frozen in the doorway was Tracy, in a robe coming back from the shower. She was frozen like a deer staring at Rick.

I knew she was mortified at being caught in only a robe with a guy in our room. I would have thought she would have been used to such hazards, being a third year student living in a dorm. Maybe this goes back to her self esteem issues. I noticed Rick trying to get a better look and smiled.

"Sorry Tracy, I ran into Rick and he helped me carry my books upstairs, we were just about to step right back out for lunch when you showed up."

I bit my lip and tilted my head and waited for her response. 

She nodded slowly and said, "Sorry for looking freaked out, you just surprised me is all."

I was relieved she was trying to play it off, hopefully we were still good. I didn't know her all that well yet after all, despite my attraction and hers.

"Talk later," I said as we passed her on the way out of the door. 

I smiled when Rick took my hand and walked that way all the way to the school café. Looks like it opened this morning and I had my meal card on me. The food was nothing to get excited over, but it was good enough. We talked about the concert, apparently it was a few local bands playing back to back and there would be some refreshment tents set up, selling both soda and alcohol and a few snacks.

I nodded when he asked if I wanted to walk around campus some more, yesterday he had basically showed me the important buildings and where all my classes were. Today I got to see some of the other places on campus, like the pub and where the sports complex was. Late in the afternoon he brought me over to his dorm to show me his room. His dorm wasn't far from mine, only about a quarter mile walk. 

My feet hurt a bit but I was also really horny. I haven't had a boyfriend or girlfriend in over 3 months, didn't seem worth it between my nosy family and leaving for college in a couple of months. I got a little relief last night, but only for a bit, as it actually wound up making me hornier. Making out with Rick on and off all day didn't help either, my nipples were sore and desperately in need of attention.

My labia were at least well lubricated, if not soaked. I was almost panting in anticipation as I entered his room and he... Introduced me to his dorm mate Tom. Tom was 6' with blond hair and light grey eyes. He was also a chatterbox. A cock blocking, pussy torturing chatterbox that wouldn't go away. It was driving me absolutely nuts but I couldn't be rude to Tom's friend and roommate, plus he seemed nice.

I did my best to play nice and I am sure I pulled it off, it wasn't his fault he didn't realize I was a ready to go slut wanting to ride his roommates cock was it? Barring my frustration he was actually a really nice guy, I found myself laughing at some of his stories. I don't think it would have ever occurred to him what he was doing to me. His bitch guardian was laughing at me though. She could probably smell my arousal and frustration. 

I was trying to keep a low profile though. I don't even think Rick's angel knew I was aware of her. Strange that they not being able to read me didn't tip them off, maybe there were a lot of people that could block out mind readers? I don't know, if there are I haven't met any yet. Maybe it has to do with being able to control both light and dark energy. I can read all the vampires and I know that mother Nikki cant.

Sometimes I wondered where all the guy angels were. Maybe they were too horny to be let down here on earth. I remember hearing stories of the Nephilim and how the angels were overcome with lust and started knocking up human females. It was important to keep quiet about my brother and his origins. Apparently they were pretty hung up on nephilim being bad because of that history. 

So maybe the male angels were barred from returning because they caused the problem in the first place. They probably ran around the country side fucking girls left and..... Oh god, I so need to get off the sex track in my head before I explode, and not in a good way.

I excused myself to freshen up in the bathroom, we had walked quite a bit this afternoon and I needed the attention. Not to mention all those kisses mussing me up. Focus. Concert tonight and all. I briefly considered relieving my tension in one of the stalls quick but washed my face in cold water instead. I really wanted Rick to be the focus of my insane lust when we found the moment.

When I got back to the dorm room we had enough time to head to dinner before walking over to the field concert that was apparently in the woods, in the dark. I licked my lips realizing that had possibilities. I realized that denial and my rising sexual frustration and appetite was turning me into a total shameless hussy. Licking my lips at the thought of lying on the dirt and getting railed was just.... So freaking hot... Wait, I meant so wrong.

Despite his infamy Tom was growing on me, he was outgoing and was making me laugh my ass off despite my current issues. I decided to forgive him sometime during the meal and really started having fun. I shared a few stories about my quirky family and what trouble me and my siblings would get into. We walked over to the concert area, Tom staying with us to my dismay. Seriously?

I enjoyed the first band immensely which didn't help, I was dancing and rubbing up on Rick almost the whole set. I was a hot mess. Halfway through the second band and 4 beers in for a nice buzz I just couldn't take it anymore.

I licked and sucked on Rick's earlobe and said huskily, "We should take a walk."

He looked down at me surprised, men are so friggin clueless, I've been in heat all day and he is playing it slow. He grinned at me and nodded, taking my hand he led me away into the wooded area for privacy then pulled me hard into a kiss. My body of its own accord conformed to his. I gasped as my hardened nipples grazed his chest and my hot core ground against his leg.

I gave myself up to the demands of my body and just did what felt right. His kiss got more urgent and he gasped in my mouth when I grasped his hardened manhood through his shorts. I was melting in anticipation as I felt his hand duck under my shirt, my nipples tingling in anticipation as I felt his hand run up my stomach.

I softly moaned into his mouth and pushed against his hand when he cupped my breast. He pulled my bra over my breast to pop it out and went to his knees to suck it in. His tongue on my puffy swollen areola and erect nipple caused me to arch my back and gasp, grinding my center into his body. He took the hint and started to unbutton my shorts, letting them slide down while he still worshipped by petite B cups with his lips and tongue.

I felt him slide my shorts and panties down to my ankles with his hands, and then torturously caress my legs slowly up from my ankles. He had me panting as I wrapped my arms around his head and pulled him into my breast hard as I arched my back and pushed out my chest.

His slow fingertips finally met each other where my legs met, one teasing my soaked labia with a fingertip while the other caressed my tight little ass and crack with the other. I felt his fingertips tease around my puckered hole as he slipped a finger inside of me and pushed down on my sensitive nub with his thumb.

"Oh my god Rick," I gasped out. All my frustration and denial over the long day built on a three month self imposed exile exploded as I felt my honey pot wrap around and squeeze his finger as I gushed juice all over his hand. My knees failed but Rick held me tight in one arm, supporting my ass while his other hand, finger impaling me, helped to hold me upright and on my feet.

I blushed when I saw the look of amazement on his face at both the speed and intensity of my orgasm Temporarily sated I took his hand and cleaned my juices off with my tongue and lips sucking each fingertip clean while my eyes locked with his and made promises I intended to keep.

Instead of getting dressed I stepped out of my shorts and pulled him up as I fell to my knees. My mouth was watering in anticipation. I pulled my shirt off quickly knowing me being kneeling naked before him in the woods would drive him wild with lust as he could see my hardened nipples and tits past my head while I sucked him off.

I pulled his shorts down, his cock a glorious 8 inches long, I didn't think I could take it all, I never tried anything bigger than 6 before. I stroked him with my hands and pushed it up against his stomach and started licking his ball sack and the base of his manhood, moans of wanton pleasure escaping my mouth at his taste and the satisfaction that I was finally doing what I was thinking of all day long.

I put that artful innocent expression on my face and widened my eyes a bit before looking up into his eyes, making eye contact and holding him in my deep gaze I opened my mouth and slowly took him in my mouth. I knew the innocent look would drive him wild, and I knew it looked genuine on my petite features. 

His cock released some precum on the back of my throat and I tasted his musk on the back of my tongue, eagerly licking the bottom of his manhood I wrapped both arms around his middle and grabbed his ass. I pulled him into me slowly, relaxing my throat and breathing through my nose. When the bulbous tip was completely encased in my throat I swallowed and hummed...

Rick moaned out, "Oh Mina, that's.... oh my god."

I was so turned on by his amazement I concentrated on relaxing my throat again and took more of him in. I think I got about three inches in my throat which still left a couple before he was completely enveloped but I started to choke and gasping pulled my head back.

When I recovered my breath I wrapped one hand around his base and cupped his nuts with the other, then started to bob up and down on his thick long pole. Every time he hit my throat I would suck hard and pull my head back while simultaneously pulling up and slightly twisting my wrist on his cock giving him more stimulation that way.

He gasped softly as I moved my other hand forward, cupping his balls in my palm while teasing his dark hole with my fingertips and nails. As I felt his balls tighten and raise off my palm I stuck my finger up his dark hole and started massaging his prostrate as he groaned loudly, trying not to scream.

I slammed his tip inside my throat and started to milk his cock with swallows and humming in my throat and with my hand pulling up on his base over and over. Despite the constant swallowing it was too much for me. I choked and had to pull my head back though I kept massaging his prostrate and jerking his base as fast as I could move my hand.

When he left my mouth a large rope of cum exploded and landed on my face, half falling into my open mouth.  I aimed his cock down a bit to protect my hair. He covered my tits with a couple of spurts before I got him back into my mouth 2 or 3 inches deep, enough to suck the rest of his load out. I kept going until I was sure he was done and then slipped my finger out of his puckered star and released him from my mouth. He stepped back looking down at me.

Looking up in his eyes I started to wipe his cum off of my tits and cheek with my fingers, occasionally sucking the big gobs of man batter into my mouth, cleaning my fingers off. When I was done cleaning he pulled me back to my feet, I was happy that he didn't hesitate to kiss me after that display, if anything his kiss was hotter than any of the ones that came before. His tongue explored my mouth that I was sure tasted of him.

I wanted to fuck him so bad but the woods were not the best place for that. I saw the same thing in his eyes as we grudgingly got dressed. At least I wasn't out of my mind anymore, between him pleasuring me and I pleasing him, my core was practically purring in contentment right now only slightly heated. 
