 Chapter 3 -- Bad vampire, no blood!

The shower felt great, I was a hot mess after my night with Rick and needed to clean up. I knew I had only known him a couple of days. Hell he was the first person I talked to besides admissions people on campus. I found myself really hoping he would be okay with it. It was maybe premature to say he would be mine, and I his. But the thought of it not being a possibility at all anymore bothered me.

Determined to keep from worrying more about it tonight I switched tracks, with effort. Does telling him about it mean I have to run the thought of Tracy by him? Or probably not, we are still getting to know one another. He doesn't get a vote until we are sure of each other and make a commitment. It will make things more complicated though...

Damn, I really want to talk to mom about this, the birth one, Mia. She started dating dad knowing about the polyamory thing when he already had Maria and Nikki. I am curious what she thought about and how she made that decision. But I don't want to run home just two days after I finally left. So that was out. I am pretty sure Pia joined at the same time too. What did she do with the jealousy? Seems to me jealousy would be the biggest obstacle to acceptance of the polyamory lifestyle.

I finished my shower and dried off. My body was pleasantly sore. I smiled at the thought of Rick bending me over again, god that was so good when he took control. No real violence to it, just strong hands and a leading hand. I am an independent person, or I want to be, but...

I was going over the pleasant memories when I got into bed. Tracy was still not back. I shrugged, hoped she was having a good time and fell asleep.

=========================

The phone rang and woke me 3 hours later, it was just 5:30 am and I groaned, reached over and picked it up and said hello.

"Is this Mina?"

I woke up fast at the official sounding voice, "Yes, what is it?"

"This is the on campus medical facility. We have a Tracy here, your roommate? She had you as the emergency contact."

That's strange, but then who knows, maybe she doesn't have family or something.

I said concerned, "What's wrong? Is she OK?"

"She fainted, the blood tests came back and she has an iron deficiency, she should be fine, we need someone to come pick her up."

Iron deficiency? My blood ran cold and I shivered. Vampires.

I said, "I'll be right there, can you tell me the building and room?"

The school had a large med program, so it had a teaching hospital, and a lot of sub buildings.

"The main hospital ER. Just ask for her when you get here and we can get her discharged."

I said, "On my way, thank you," and hung up the phone.

I got dressed in a pair of jeans and a clean plain t-shirt, brushed out my hair quick and took off. Glad that Rick made me walk around all afternoon I headed to the hospital section. I saw Andrea in the waiting room and blasted a, 'Why didn't you call me when a vamp got her!!' straight to her mind.

She flinched and glared at me and said out loud, "He was quick. He just took her and drank from her then left. There was nothing you could and the danger was past so..." she kind of just trailed off.

I sighed. Sorry, just freaked out a bit. I headed over to the main desk and asked for Tracy, they said she would be out in a minute so I took a seat. The other guardians were looking at me, while I had been subtle and used mind to mind Andrea just outed me to probably every angel here, which means by tomorrow every one of them on campus would know I could hear and see them. Great! Not!

Tracy came out looking pale and raising my eyes daring her to say something I stole a small trickle of light energy from Andrea and fed it into Tracy's body when I took her hand. It would not immediately heal her though I could. I couldn't do that without exposing me to normal people, but it would have her feeling fine and backup to a full load of blood by this afternoon.

"You okay Tracy?"

She blushed but nodded, "Sorry you had to be dragged out of bed. They weren't going to let me go otherwise."

I squeezed her left hand with my right, the one I was holding and waved my left arm dismissively.

"No problem at all, really. What happened?"

She shrugged and said, "I don't really remember, I was walking home from the pub running some welcome back to campus party. Next thing I knew I woke up to a couple of guys that found me passed out. They helped me wake up and got me here."

I had my senses attuned to her, my mind open to receive and that is pretty much what happened, I didn't pick up anything she left out at least. What I didn't expect was the rest of what I got.

Her mother was a drunk, and her step father an abusive prick. He was the reason why she was so hard on herself, calling her useless and fat for years. Too ugly and worthless. My stomach tightened in anger but I kept my face concerned and attentive somehow.

I also picked up shame, she was really attracted to me, loved my pixie frame and my body. She also thought I was nice. She didn't think she had a chance because she was ugly and felt shame about her being bi, her step father telling her it was a sin and wrong. Holy crap, what a mess.

Tracy had one of those cute faces, and her body was fantastic, she was a size 14, but she wasn't fat. There were no rolls, just plain huge tits and a nice backside. I did like her. But how to convince her of that, or for her to take a chance on something she had shame for? I was at a loss on that.

If she feels shame for being Bi what will she feel at the possibility about polyamory? Actually I thought she was damn impressive after seeing what she went through, she was scarred but not bitter. But she definitely had some things to overcome. I would need to either be patient, or forget about her as a possibility. Truth is though I liked what I saw in her, outside of the twisted shit from her messed up family that is.

I was also feeling guilty at seeing the worst part of her life, even if it hadn't been my intention when I read her. Results are what count after all. I can keep my mouth shut though. When you are the mind reader in the house you have to keep secrets, or no one will want to talk to you.

I squeezed her hand again and said, "Well at least your okay, let's get you into bed, you look so tired."

Tracy said, "Thanks again for coming to get me and walking me back."

I giggled, "Just remember that when I call you at 3am drunk and lost."

I was trying to put her at ease, and it worked as she smiled and said, "Anytime."

I had a bad feeling as we were about half way back so I opened my senses up, cursing myself for not having thought of it earlier. I was going to have to keep my supernatural radar up all the time looking for bad things I decided. At least at night, although demons walked around in the day I could see those from a mile off with just my eyes. I did detect a couple of signatures a few blocks to our left, but I wasn't going to go play hero, at least not with Tracy to get back to the dorm.

I also discovered something disturbing. All of my vampires, their dark energy was... Clean, smooth and refreshing. A joy to take in and work with. What I felt a few blocks over was oily, dirty, and greasy. I wondered if that indicated evil. Not so much dark and light, but the feel of the dark or light energy. The energy reflecting the use it was being put to. Energy isn't sentient but it has a certain awareness of the intent of the wielder, so it makes sense, to me anyway.

I know dark energy isn't evil in and of itself. You couldn't grow up in my house and believe that, plus that would mean my sister and I were evil too, which was ridiculous. Also wisdom suggests Nephilim are evil, and those are beings with control over light energy, and I know my brother isn't evil. I was convinced that like any other weapon or tool it was the wielder that was good or evil, not the tool.

I promised myself I would stop them if an opportunity came up though. I couldn't leave Tracy right now, and I wouldn't put her in danger, but I felt responsible, the need to do something.

We finally made it back, Tracy was leaning on me, it had been a long slow walk and hard for her. I was feeling guilty knowing I could have healed her, but the consequences of that would be unacceptable. I would only risk exposure to save a life, not make a little trouble go away.

I also thought I was insatiable, because her left breast felt really good pressed against my arm. If being bi was a sin, I am so going to hell. Of course I have the certainty, if it was a sin my mothers, Nikki and Marie, wouldn't be so.... Close. I figured if an angel was doing it, or at least if there was no rule against it, it was probably okay.

I helped her up the stairs and into bed, she was clearly so tired she was almost acting drunk. I helped her get undressed and into bed, then did the same hoping to get a few more hours anyway before waking up for the day, it was 6:30 now, my trip taking an hour.

=============================

I stretched as I woke and became aware of my surroundings. I had slept really late, it was 10:30. I looked over and Tracy was lying there looking miserable. I had to tamp down the urge to heal her, I hated seeing her, anyone really, so weak when I could help. Goes back to my overdeveloped sense of empathy and compassion.

"Morning Tracy, feeling any better?"

She shrugged and said, "Still tired."

I frowned as she should be feeling better by now, perfect by this afternoon.

I suggested, "How about we go get some late breakfast, maybe steak and eggs, the protein would help I think."

She tilted her head and said, "Are you sure? I'm sure you had plans, I can deal."

I grinned and said cheerfully, "Nope, you are stuck with me for now, how about it?"

She blushed then nodded.

I got up and started to change. Oops, it really is a habit. I didn't do anything teasing this time though, just a nice view of my naked back side. I threw on stretchy shorts, a sports bra and a half shirt.

Tracy said she would be right back and went to shower, I had one a few hours ago so was fine, just headed to the bathroom to freshen up, brush my hair and teeth and all.

Andrea was down the hall in the showers, but I could send that far easy, "Why isn't she better yet, any idea? She should still feel a little bad until this afternoon, but..."

"He drained more blood than he should have, she almost died. The power is helping, but it will take until probably tomorrow morning for her to recover fully. You just miscalculated the amount she needed."

I replied, "Damn, ok, should I just leave well enough alone, I don't want to out myself for magic to a normal human."

"Another small push wouldn't hurt, by the time it helps she will think it was the breakfast."

I closed my eyes and concentrated, stealing another small shard of power, and fed it to the one already in there. There should be a small immediate boost to her health. Hopefully she will think it's the shower waking her up.

I went back to the room. She came back in a few minutes later. I watched as she changed, she looked a little uncomfortable changing in front of me, but I didn't say anything. I didn't leer or joke or flirt. I was so proud of myself for holding in all the stupid humor that ran through my head.

It was between meals at the cafeteria but she had a car, so we headed to the town nearby and got some steak and egg breakfasts at the diner. It was really good. By the time we left she was feeling much better so I asked her if there was anything she needed to get done for Monday, our first classes still two days away.

She shrugged then said, "We can head to the mall, I wouldn't mind looking for clothes."

I said, "Sounds fun, let's do it. I need to pick up some sleepwear too."

I figured I could buy some night clothes at VS, drooling at the thought of Tracy seeing me in the stuff. I decided I was most definitely an exhibitionist, at least for those that I liked, I'm not sure how I would feel about strangers and I wondered if that really counted? Shrugging we headed into the mall on a mission.

I pulled out my phone when it beeped, got a text from Rick. When I read it I was so relieved, he wanted to know what I was doing and if we could get together. At least he still wants to see me.

I texted back, "I am out shopping with Tracy. She had some iron deficiency and fainted last night, going to stick with her for the rest of the day. Tomorrow?

He replied, "Sure, want to hit the lake for picnic, say 11am?"

I sent back, "I would love to, see you then." I couldn't wait to see him, see what he said about things.

Tracy got her shopping done picking up a few more outfits and I convinced her to come with me into VS. I picked up a pair of red silk PJ's, and a few other racier items. We did some window shopping and then headed back to the college to catch dinner. Tracy was funny and great company when she forgot to feel guilty about her feelings, or withdrew into that shyness. Thankfully she didn't do too much of that.

I said, "Any plans for tonight?"

She shook her head, "No, you?"

I shrugged, "How about a movie? We should probably avoid bars and drinking tonight. If you want to spend more time with me that is?"

She sighed, totally faking long suffering and said, "I suppose."

I let her pick the movie and we wound up watching a thriller with romance thrown in. It wasn't bad. By the end of the movie I could tell she was back to a hundred percent health wise. Her color had returned and she was in a better mood, though still awkward at times. While we drove back through to the college I caught a whiff of vampire on my senses.

Remembering Tracy almost died I decided I was going to do something. I reached out and into the vampire with my power, instead of stealing his energy I just hooked it, so I could spy on and find him no matter where he was. A useful tool from my childhood I didn't use anymore on people, but felt perfectly fine about using it on an enemy, an evil vampire.

Tracy said, "I had a great time today, and I feel so much better."

I squeezed her hand then let it linger a bit before pulling back, "I had a great time too, I lucked out getting you as a roommate."

Tracy grinned and said, "No, that was me, I lucked out."

I giggled, "Thanks, but I really did too." I sounded sincere by the end of my statement.

She blushed but this time she smiled through it and reached out and squeezed my hand. Maybe she was less repressed than I thought, I did read her mind when she was very weak and in a bad state. That can make a world of difference at times.

I held onto her hand after the squeeze, weaving my fingers between hers. She didn't claim it back until we finished getting through the campus and found a parking spot relatively close to our dorm.

She said, "Can I have my hand back?" in a teasing tone.

I said, "Only if you promise not to run," arching my eyebrow.

She asked in a low voice, "But, if I don't run how can you catch me?" looking in my eyes.

This time I blushed, but I didn't look away from her eyes at all as my heartbeat sped up.

I said breathlessly, "You mean I haven't already?" challenge in my eyes.

She giggled and broke eye contact as she said questioningly, "Maybe?"

We walked up to our room, I was dying to look in her head, but honestly the racing heart, nervousness, anticipation mixed with being unsure, I wouldn't give up those feelings for anything, it made me feel so alive. My lips tingled in anticipation as my breathing sped up a little. She unlocked the door letting us in our room and closed the door.

When she looked at me I almost gasped, her eyes were full of question, and an almost painful look of vulnerability. A fear of being hurt, rejected. A fear that her step father was right about her. I didn't need to read her mind. I could see it all on her face and in her eyes.

It wasn't all bad though, I could see her attraction to me, and hope. I reached out and caressed her face slowly, when she didn't reject that touch I slid my hand around and cupped her neck. I pulled her in for a kiss, a gentle brush of our lips. Then I took a tiny step back and looked into her eyes. Letting her make the next move.

My eyes showed her my vulnerability, my attraction, and a tinge of lust. She responded to me by wrapping her arms around me and pulling me in for a kiss. Her lips soft and pliant as mine were. We slowly caressed and explored each other as the kiss transformed from tentative, to soft, to passionate and finally hungry.

I gasped into her mouth as I felt her soft hands slide under my shirt and touch my bare flesh. I nipped her bottom lip then kissed my way across her neck to kiss and suckle her earlobe. When that drew a gasp I sucked harder and slipped my hands into her shirt as well, caressing with my soft fingertips and hard nails.

We separated, breathless, flushed and smiling. I started to undress her and saw nerves and panic in her eyes for a second, but she banished it with a sigh. I felt the weight of the trust she was extending, this was not normal for her and it was precious to me. She was taller than me, and while she did not have a washboard stomach she most certainly did have an hourglass figure. She was marvelous.

When I leaned down slightly and took her nipple in my mouth I could scent her arousal and it made me moan in to her breast. I gently manipulated her other nipple with my fingers, avoiding giving any pain, just pleasure. I love a good hard nipple twist, but I instinctively sensed she wouldn't. So I brushed it gently between my fingertips while sucking in her other nipple and licking the tip.

She must have decided it was her turn because she pushed me back a bit and started to strip my clothes. When the last article fell to the floor she was drinking me in with her eyes, longing and lust burning in her beautiful hazel eyes. We shuffled over to my bed, for the simple reason it was closest to where we were standing. I gently pushed her back and laid her down.

Then hovering above her I kissed her softly. I allowed our breasts to light brush, teasing our senses, increasing our need. Then I kissed my way down her body and spent some time on her breasts. I was propped up on my left elbow and started teasing her body with my right hand, caressing under her breasts, grazing them. Running my finger tips down her stomach to caress her thighs.

Not sure why I was convinced I shouldn't be rough with her breasts, it was instinctive. However I found out a short time later. Without stimulating any other erogenous zones her breathing picked up pace dramatically in just a few short minutes of my tongue and lips teasing her. Another few minutes of attention on her nipple and...

She gasped out, "God Mina, that feels so gooOODDDD."

She launched into an intense orgasm. I realized with tits that sensitive a painful twist mixing pleasure and pain for me would be absolute torture for her on these sensitive breasts. I could smell her ejaculate and needed to taste her so I abandoned her nipple and kissed my way down her body.

I licked her center, her honey soaked labia like silk against my tongue. I moaned when I reached the apex of my lick, stimulating her clit with vibrations and the light pressure of my tongue then lowered my tongue for another pass. This time I pushed in a little, separating that first silken barrier with my tongue, the sides hugging my lip lightly as I licked back up to her clit.

I moaned in pleasure when she grabbed me by my hair and pulled me into her as she arched her back. Her reactions caused me to redouble my efforts and I pleasured her with my tongue and lips, sucking in her clit and licking it every ten seconds or so. She was fairly close so I slid in a middle finger and curled it. Invading her molten core and looking for the hottest spot.
