 Chapter 4 -- The three of us and a new friend.

When I got back to the dorm Tracy was awake and reading the tablet. Her face was a mixture of shock and curiosity.

"Be right back, I need a quick shower, ran like 10k this morning."

Tracy nodded distractedly, not looking up from the tablet. I grabbed my stuff and headed for the shower. The run back had cleared my head, I didn't feel guilty about what I had done, I just hated the necessity of it. Hope springs eternal and I was always looking for the best in people.

The shower sluiced through the sweat, and the damp smell of the basement. Feeling refreshed I checked the time, still only 8am. I headed for the room hoping Tracy would want to join me for breakfast, I was starving. I threw on a cute sundress and some sandals, I loved this weather. Tracy was done reading, my tablet now sitting on my desk. Her face was lost. I sat down and took her hand.

I started telling her about my father and six mothers, and our crazy uncle and 20 aunts. I explained how much love and light lived where I grew up and how I wanted the same thing for my family one day. I told her how the multiple sex partners was just one small part of it, just like a normal marriage should be, but had more hands in when things broke down.

When a tear rolled down her cheek I was sure I lost her but when she looked at me I could see a great longing in her tearful eyes.

She whispered, "That sounds so beautiful compared to... The hell... I grew up in."

I took Tracy into my arms and just held her. After a while her sniffles stopped and she kissed me passionately. When she pulled back she was smiling.

Tracy said in a knowing voice, "So, you have that guy Rick on your line yet?"

I gasped. Smiling I said, "I don't know. I told him about it the night of the concert, the picnic is the first I'll be seeing him again. How do you feel about that?"

Tracy said, "Well it's supposed to be an equal thing right, and he is really cute. Think he would like me?"

I giggled and said, "Yes I do, you are too fun not to like, and as far as attraction goes I am pretty sure his eyes were glued to your tits when you walked in on us leaving the other day. He was probably wondering how he'd fit between them."

Tracy gasped as I giggled wickedly, "Well it's true. I totally called him on it and he ignored me, which means he didn't know what to say, which means he thought the truth would get him in trouble."

Tracy blushed.

I said, "How about some breakfast, I'm starving after my run," and all of that energy use.

Tracy replied, "Sure, I showered when you were gone, ready?"

I nodded and we headed to breakfast. I was absolutely off the wall happy. Tracy was amazing and seemed to be all in. She must have been living like a hermit before she met me. I couldn't see how no one else had snapped up this amazing woman? Perhaps I was just lucky enough to draw her out when she was ready to leave the past behind.

Hmm, I should text Rick, let him know our picnic would be three. If he balked after a few days to think about it, without even talking to us about it than that was probably for the best. My inner slut spoke up about missing his big cock but I ignored it, this wasn't just about sex. Plus Id had the best orgasms in my life with Tracy last night.

I texted Rick, to be fair he needed to know and decide. Rick hadn't decided yet and Tracy was in, it was clear where I needed to side. Unless he joined then it would be three.

"Tracy, you busy later? I think you should come on the picnic."

Tracy grinned. "I can come, pretty much done with stuff until class tomorrow."

I texted Rick and we sat down to eat. He didn't respond for about 20 minutes, and then I got the text that it was fine.

We finished breakfast up and headed back to the dorm. We picked out an outfit for a picnic for Tracy. I figured my sundress was perfect so I didn't change. She picked a pair of jean shorts and a light sweater shirt. Then we put on some light makeup. Tracy looked incredible. I supposed I looked good too if the look in her eyes was anything to go by.

I managed not to ravage my roommate as we didn't have time for it, so we went down to the coffee shop to get away from the room, and the temptation. Rick showed up a few minutes before 11 with a backpack full of stuff and we headed off to the park. The lake was on the far side so it was a good 30 minute walk and we were all chatting about the classes we had tomorrow.

I had biology and chemistry tomorrow and Wednesdays with Tracy, then the other 3 classes which were one day classes on Tuesday and Thursday. We all had Friday off, but the rest of the week Rick was in lawyer classes. I finally found out he wanted to study real estate law as his parents had a large real estate company spanning a few states.

Rick was definitely curious about the polyamory and asked me a lot of questions about my family, including when they had gotten together...

"Well, my mom was about 25, but my dad was still 19 when they and three others got together. I think the last one was added a year later or so. Since then they haven't wanted to change the dynamic at all."

Rick made a thoughtful noise. "It sounds really good and I am interested. Mina you are... Amazing, your beauty is constantly startling, and you are just genuinely fun to be with. And Tracy, your beautiful, and I am having a ton of fun with you too this morning, but I am having trouble with the whole outside the box thinking in this. It just sounds too good, there has to be a catch.

I nodded. "There is a catch."

They both looked at me in surprise.

I shook my head, "Didn't you read the whole website I sent you? Jealousy, ownership of your mate, having the best mate and making them yours if possible. Those emotions are strongly tied to our animal instincts, it has to do with the urge to procreate, survival of the fittest etc... The whole 'mine' mentality.

"That's why older men trade in for the younger model, it's them choosing instinct over love and faithfulness. Obviously not all guys do that, but enough do to make it a thing, to prove the instinct still exists. Of course this is a major issue in traditional marriage as well. It just helps illustrate my point.

"This model is opposite that. It is all about sharing, sharing love, sharing the load, responsibility and yes, sharing the bodies of the ones you love between the ones you love. That takes work, and is only possible through love and commitment.

"On the other side you have more than one partner who can help when one is too busy, or distracted. Raising kids becomes much easier with more than 2 parents around to raise them. Cheating doesn't happen as often because you already have multiple mates, which perversely satisfies other animal instincts. Humans are just messed up, but like the website said, polyamory is a more successful model.

"On a practical side you would be supporting a larger family and higher food cost but most big costs would remain the same, and you would have a 3, 4 or 5 person income which makes a huge difference. Of course this should be the absolute last reason to do it, or it will fail.

"If you do it for just for sex with multiple partners it will fail. Without love and commitment, supporting all your mates on every level, the instincts will cause it to fail, for you I mean.

"I know it can work because it was how I was raised, but yes, jealousy and negative base instinct is the greatest threat, you need to go into it eyes open and expect that. You will walk in on us pleasuring the hell out of each other if you decide to do this, and possibly someone else if we add them later.

"Does that make sense? You need to train your mind to enjoy your partner's pleasure even when you are not the cause. That way when you walk in it makes you smile, and if you're in the mood to jump on in to just join."

I sighed, "Nothing is perfect because humans are not perfect. There will be fights like any other couple, but when you have so many people it's harder to get them all on a negative at the same time, which provides balance. If polyamory is flawed it is us that is the flaw."

I heard some mumbling over there between them and said, "What?"

Tracy grinned and said, "We were just agreeing on something."

I tilted my head confused and said, "What?"

Rick grinned, his blue eyes sparkling with mischief and said, "You are so fucking hot when you're passionate about something."

I grinned and blushed, "Really? So what do you plan to do about it?"

I squealed and ran for it when they got up with a lustful glint in their eyes. It was no good, Rick caught me after only 100 feet and I giggled as he pushed me on the ground. I gasped and looked around when they started to strip my clothes off, which was just the sundress, I had no bra or panties on. The dragged me behind some bushes. There were people about 30 yards away.

Rick said, "In case you were wondering, you convinced me, or I should say the flaw convinced me. Nothing is perfect and I just couldn't believe in it until I knew that."

I smiled at what Rick said and then gasped as Tracy twisted a nipple in her fingertips.

Tracy whispered in my ear, "The other part we talked about was ravishing you in the bushes. He's a bad influence on me I think." Then she smiled.

I pushed and fought playfully, trying to get away. I wriggled in their grasp until they finally won and held me down and pleasured me behind the bushes. Okay, so I was having a blast and I was a total slut and enough of an exhibitionist to enjoy the people 30 yards away, I could have also used all that energy to teleport, or simply push them away from me. But what fun would that be?

Tracy stripped her shorts and just sat on my face, pushing my head down firmly with her sexy ass on my nose and her labia resting on my lips. Rick had my legs pinned back by his arms and Tracy was holding them as well. I hungrily licked up inside Tracy as I felt Rick forcefully violate my hot wet pussy. My naked body being used, my back crushed against the dirt. I had no control, and it was absolutely awesome.

Tracy was enjoying my ministrations when I heard a sucking above me, I knew what was coming if Rick was sucking her tits and I was right. Tracy tried to muffle her moan with her hand as I was drenched in her silken juices. Her back arching and pushing down into me, her clit now above my lips I sucked it in and bit it as more juice fed me.

My tongue and the inside of my mouth were coated with her essence. I started to scream out into her hot core when Rick pushed in deep, and with me folded in half he had no problem plumbing my depths even farther than last time. My snatch grabbed his pole tightly and milked him for baby batter as my body locked up and filled me with ecstasy.

I begged gasping, "I want you to fill me, shoot your batter into my hot pussy, fill me with your cock juice."

He cried out as softly as he could as I felt him swell in my warmth and pump ropes of cum into my waiting womb. It was just so damn hot my pussy locked down on him again as I came hard, his last spurts being milked desperately by my hungry pussy. Gasping as I slowly relaxed my body, which came down into total contentment.

We all got dressed quickly and headed to the park bathrooms to clean up. I had gobs of cum dripping from me and down to my thighs by the time we got there. To my surprise I was disappointed that the people down a little ways from us did not notice what we did. Still, my god that was hot. I so liked being taken forcefully like a little slut, as long as it was by someone I cared about and that cared for me that is.

We headed back and finished our picnic, everyone much more relaxed after a nice orgasm. I also noticed the conflict was completely gone from Rick's face. He really did seem okay with it. We headed back to civilization slightly after dinner. Rick had brought enough for us to have two meals so we spend the day out there by the lake.

All of us were being touchy and expressive to the other two. It was still early on and impossible to tell, but it seemed my dream was starting to come true and classes hadn't even started yet. I just hoped we could work through whatever problems came, because I knew they would come. When I said nothing was perfect I had meant it, this is just better than most.

When we got back to the dorms we split up, we all needed another shower and we had class in the morning. I decided to get a jump on it and read the texts for biology and chemistry before the first class tomorrow. That only killed a half hour, so I pushed on for the rest of them too. Figured I would just get it out of the way and then I'd only have to listen to lectures for content not in the books. I only had 3 books left when 8:30 rolled around and my phone went off.

Pulling it out I read the text from a number I didn't know. It basically asked what did I do with the others and why did I leave him there, or think he was good and not evil like the others. I sighed and answered his text.

I texted back, "The others were evil. They are gone. You clearly are not, I just know. If you have trouble with control, call the other number. They can help you and give you a safe place."

He texted back a moment later, "But I have friends here, family. I do not wish to leave. Can you help me learn control?"

Oh crap. I suppose I bear some responsibility here.

I replied, "I can try, but I am human, so will tempt you even as I try and teach. I can try to get someone from home to come here, maybe help you. I will meet you tonight in a public place if you wish. Diner in town?"

He said he would be there at 9, which was like in 25 minutes, so I finished up the last of the books. Shot my father an email explaining things in terms that wouldn't freak out the government, and requested an aunt or two stop by. I kissed Tracy silly and told her I needed to take care of a friend and I would be back in a bit.

I walked outside where no one could find me and used an aura my father showed me, but I used dark energy instead, if the vampire attacked me it wouldn't destroy his energy, it would just freeze it. The power would still be in his body but out of his control and quiescent. Just in case. Lack of control could be dangerous. Then using a little of Andrea's energy I ripped a small hole in reality and stepped through to the alley near the diner.

I saw him sitting at a booth in the far corner, I slipped in across from him and his eyes widened. I know it didn't help my credibility but I couldn't help but giggle at his expression.

"I know, small cute chick, not a threat right? You look a little low, how are you feeling?"

He replied, "It's been a week or so, I am having trouble resisting actually. I was just turned recently and found myself with a bunch of sick bastards. Didn't know what to do. I almost killed the last person but managed to stop."

The waitress came by and I ordered a coke and waited for her to leave before answering.

I cocked my head, "I know, you have never killed anyone I mean. Give me your hand. You will freeze up for a second but you will feel better, trust me."

He put his hand in mine and his energy immediately froze. I still had most of the energy from 7 fully satisfied vampires stored in me, so I fed a bit of the cleaned energy in him until he looked properly fed to me, like one of my aunts. Then I let go of his hand and he could move again.

I said, "Feel better? My name is Mina by the way."

He nodded looking surprised, "I feel like I just ate, I'm Charlie. Thanks Mina, how'd you do that?"

I said, "I can manipulate dark energy, so I just put some in your body directly and bypass the generation process your body uses when it consumes blood."

His brow furrowed, "Dark energy?"

I nodded, "Sure, it's what makes you alive, it's the energy in your body. You use it for everything from moving to thinking. When it runs out you... Go into an inanimate state. That's why the cravings, you would be helpless until someone with knowledge either killed you or helped you. Did those guys teach you nothing?"

Charles snorted, "They taught me how to kill and use people as cattle, I ignored their lessons though. I don't want to hurt anyone. Can I ask how you knew I wasn't.... Bad, which I am not positive is true."

"Energy seems to take on the characteristics of its user, and what it's used for. The other 7 were all slimy and oily. Evil. You're energy is pure, refreshing, lack of control or the urge to do harm is not evil, only actually giving in is. So far I know you haven't.

"I honestly don't know how to teach you, I am not a vampire. I am trying to get one of my aunts up here, long story, to teach you. Until then I can top you off every 3 days or so, at least for a couple of weeks, after that we need to figure something else out."

He frowned, "Why do you care?"

"Well, for the same reason I stopped your friends. I need to help you so you're not eating and killing my friends. Plus I admire you for not giving in to the assholes that made you and just going on a killing spree. Plus, it's just the right thing to do."

He said, "One more question, why did I freeze?"

I sighed. "Your dangerous, controlling energy makes me strong but if you lose control and attack, and I am not... Protecting myself. You could kill me easily."

He said, "And you're still willing to help?"

I snorted, "What happened to last question?" I asked with a twinkle in my eyes. "Yes, I grew up with over 20 living in the same house, so I know you can be safe once you're trained in how to control it. Half the world could kill me if they wanted to, that doesn't mean I am going to hide from it, or expect it to happen.

"Plus you already saw, you can't touch me without turning into a statue. Actually it's closer to stasis like in those scifi books. Your energy actually holds you still, so even running at me a 100 miles an hour you would just freeze when you made contact, no momentum from your body at all would hit me."

I left out telling him he could pick up a rock and brain me from a distance, maybe he won't think about that. I don't really think it's a danger though. His instinct will be to grab me and bite, not kill me from a distance and losing control means following instinct.

"I need to get back, text me if you need something. You know you could always go to the town and come back later. It only takes a couple of weeks from what I know. Plus my aunts are all totally hot."

He shook his head, "I just don't like the idea, sorry." He deliberately looked me up and down then said, "Plus I got hot pretty tied up already."

I blushed. He was pretty damn cute, but it just wasn't an option. At least not now anyway.

"I have to run, early classes in med school tomorrow. Let me know if you need anything but try to keep the texts to early in the night, I'd appreciate it."

I got up and walked out when he nodded and thanked me. As soon as I turned the corner I ripped a hole and stepped through to the campus. I need to stop that. I can't keep stealing energy for just casual crap and need to save what I have. I should buy a car...

When I walked into the dorm room I had a surprise. Rick was in bed with Tracy and he was fucking her tits. I so knew it would happen. It was so hot. He was massaging her nipples with his thumbs while holding her tits together. I came in just in time to see her throw her head back and start to orgasm. I couldn't take my eyes off them as I stripped out of my clothes and crawled onto the bed.

I lay down between her legs and started eating her core, my eyes watching Rick's ass move forward and back. I reached a hand up and slapped it as he moved back toward me drawing a grunt from him. After a little work I was rewarded with a shower of honey to my face which made me double my efforts. I slid a hand down beneath me and started to twiddle my clit.
