 Chapter 6 – Just visiting the nuthouse.

Tom took it really well, he didn't faint or anything. He might have been a bit green when Andrea gave him a hug, but overall... My crazy life seemed to fascinate him, him only caring that I was happy with it.

I guess he was just about ready for anything after all the energy tricks he had seen me do over the last month, I think he was just happy I wasn't an evil witch in congress with dark powers. I also warned him about the aunts, twenty or so hot young vampires who were handpicked by a psycho looking for young nymph slaves, So they were all 'tens' and appeared to be fresh innocent blushing eighteen year olds.

That of course was far from the truth. The fact was they were all at least forty years old, and some closer to sixty. None were older than that, until dad saved them they were... Used and killed... None of them had lasted long enough to grow any older until now.

I fully expected him to stare, even lust after them. I just hoped he would be able to be subtle. Really, Tom is awesome and I love him, but sometimes nature wins, and to not lust after at least some of them would be unnatural. As long as he doesn't try to do anything about it I will be more than happy having to close his mouth for him. 

Hell, when I was in my mid teens I had a crush on a few of them myself and I am positive my brother is in love with half of them. So they were aunts because they adored Jim for saving them and help raise his family. They were not real blood aunts, but still, they helped to raise me, even if they looked like a super model convention when they were all in the same room.

So Tom was all briefed on the crazy that is my life. I think Tracy might have even learned something new. Tom was sleeping with us tonight and we were leaving in the morning. I was all ready for bed in my comfortable VS silk pajamas and in my own little mind, worrying about what could go wrong tomorrow and didn't see Tracy walk up to me, so it was a shock when she grabbed my hair roughly and pulled me into a kiss.

I gasped into her mouth and then my body melted and relaxed into her as the shock dissipated. I liked it a little rough, my aunt/mother Pia said I was a lot like my birth mom that way. That conversation had been a little awkward and a little disturbing, but also comforting. 

Made it more okay, like there wasn't something wrong or twisted about it. I mean I could think bad of me, but my own mother, if it was ok for her... I liked to think of it as being a fuck slut for love or for someone who cared, because I wouldn't be one for anyone else. I believe that more than anything makes the difference.

I had completely forgotten about Tom being there, totally lost in Tracy's pliant lips and the feel of our breasts mashing together. I gasped again when I felt his arms go around me from behind and brutally grab my nipples over the silk and twist. 

My back arched, breasts pushing forward and trapping his hands between mine and Tracy's cups. While my ass pushed back and ground against his hard cock. His manhood slid between my ass cheeks, the simulation of the silk between our naked flesh made my core damp and caused him to gasp into my ear, his hot breath raising goose bumps on the back of my neck.

Oh god, they were going to roughly use and pleasure me. I moaned loudly into Tracy's mouth, breaking off in a pant, from both the pleasure I was feeling now and the anticipation of what was coming. I couldn't wait...

I had decided something in the heat of the moment, I had not thought of Rick in a while, and while leaving a bad taste in my mouth it didn't hurt at all. But I really wanted to give my dark star to someone who loved me, it wouldn't erase what Rick did, but I wanted it anyway. Plus this man who loved me deserved all of me, and I had no reservations about giving all of me to him, not anymore.

I sent to him, my voice in his mind almost pleading, "Take my ass, I want you to claim all of me, to have that last place in me you haven't filled." I knew with a mind connection he could feel the love, and how badly I wanted him to claim me. I even wanted the burn and pain, my honey pot twitched at the thought. I also knew he would be gentle. The act itself causing enough pain.

His fingers stopped twisting my nipples so I knew I surprised him, but I also felt his cock jump between my ass cheeks, I knew he was more than willing to use my puckered star. I told Tracie what I wanted and she went and got the lube and a 6 inch strap on that was very thick. My mouth watered in anticipation as Tom stripped my clothes from behind me and then slapped my bare ass.

I watched Tracy put it on and lube up the pole, then Tom grabbed my hair and pulled me back and kissed me as he twisted my head to the side. My body jumped slightly when he pushed a lubed finger into my waiting rectum to loosen me up. He carried me to the bed and I was sandwiched between them, I sucked Tracy's nipple into my mouth and suckled until I was lifted away and up.

Tom slowly lowered me down. I felt the strap on dildo at the entrance of my quivering damp core and concentrated on relaxing my rectum as I felt his hard bulbous head push against my dark star. When they lowered me down a bit I felt both holes stretch as they popped into me. My ass burned and I felt so full, yet knew they were barely in.

I stared into Tracy's eyes, concentrating on the feel of our breasts and nipples grazing together, to distract from the pain, as they slowly brushed past. I could see the pleasure in her eyes as pressure of the strap on stimulated her clit. I caressed her cheek softly and lovingly as she watched my eyes go wide and my face light up with both pleasure and pain. I felt stuffed, full of my lovers as I fully sheathed both poles in my holes.

They waited for my breathless gasps to stop, when I felt it was time I ground myself against them, signaling the time was now. Tom and Tracy started to lift me up and drop me back down. I had never felt so full or such intense stimulation in all my life. The pain from my sphincter was quickly overshadowed by intense pleasure and my body locked down on both of them. My tightened star drawing a quick grunt into my left ear as it gripped his tool hard.

When the orgasm settled down Tom started again, but this time faster, the two of them impaling me over and over in quick succession. Although it hurt it was double the pleasure as they plundered and abused my holes. My breasts and Tracy's stimulating the others at the friction of the passage. 

I came so hard I almost passed out but despite my screams of ecstasy they didn't pause, over and over without mercy as they deliciously abused my petite sexy body. Brutally extracting orgasm after orgasm from me. I also felt Tracy's arms trembling every once in a while as she gasped and cried, her eyes filled with rapture as the stimulation to her clit and breasts sent her over.

I smiled in anticipation, through my intense pleasure and pain filled delirium as I felt Tom expand within me some time later and release his seed. This is what I wanted, him filling me and claiming my dark hole of pleasure. I felt his seed pumping and coating the inside my abused rectum while he whispered in my ear how much he loved me.

I whispered thank you and I love you over and over into their minds as I couldn't control my body to actually form a coherent sentence. I was completely over stimulated with pleasure. I crawled over to the side of the bed, a complete mess and loving every minute of it. I gasped as the intense aftershocks started, my abused body twitching in pleasure. I watched as Tom kissed Tracy while removing the dildo. Her return caresses and soft gropes returning his hardness.

I watched them with love, and happiness, as they made love in front of me, their emotions including me in their pleasure and love as I laid there in a puddle of goo. At least for a while, until I had the energy to rejoin them.....

=========================================

The next morning we got up, snuck him in the showers to clean up and got ready to head out. I opened a portal to my front yard, figuring this time to go through the front door. I did not get the reception I expected, I could feel energy flying around on the side of the house. Some of it had that oily nasty sheen to it. Someone was attacking in our town?

Terrified of Tracy or Tom getting hurt I barked, "Stay here, something is wrong. Do not follow me."

I ran around the house and saw two forms in black robes, an obscene amount of power in their bodies. My father and brother were hitting them full force and it didn't seem to be enough as their darkness was destroying the light. I could see my father was at his limit and would pass out soon. I knew that although he had close to endless power his body was essentially pure human, and couldn't take past a certain amount.

My sister was there as well, but she just held a globe of dark power, not sure what to do with it, she looked terrified. That pissed me off. Ariel threw it as I was trying to decide how to approach the fight. The power wielders, necromancers? Simple absorbed her attack. I didn't have nearly the amount of energy they did, but I didn't need it.

I reached out with my power of control to freeze their power within them, trap it. It wouldn't freeze them, like it would a vampire, but it should render them powerless and easy to deal with.

Fuck. I was blocked. That was new...

Narrowing my eyes I read their power and found the cause, some type of spell construct. They may be able to absorb other black, and block white, but I never met anything that could stop the energy I made when I combined them for my purple aura and fire.

I mixed, just a little, light and dark energy until I had purple darts of fire above my palm, and I shot one at each necromancer, directly at the spell construct. I grinned with satisfaction as I watched the purple fire dart destroy it. I didn't need to do anything else. Both necromancers were burning in white fire. One from Wade's and one from my Father's stream of light energy

I heard Tracy gasp and Tom say, "Holy shit!"

I turned around and glared at them. They glared right back and crossed their arms. Didn't they understand how much danger they could have been in?

I heard my father say, "Let it go sweetie, they are not yours to coddle, protect yes. Order about and keep them wrapped and away from all danger, no. Inform them and let them decide, otherwise, there will be problems."

I thought about it for a minute, and then blushed when I remembered how I just ordered them around. 

"Sorry, I was just startled, I didn't want you to get hurt and my heart overrode rational thought. Forgive me?"

Tom sighed and said to Tracy, "I don't know, you think we can get her to grovel for us a bit more first?"

Tracy nodded in mock seriousness, "I think so, Sounds like a plan. We can always spank her too."

I snorted. Apparently I was forgiven.

"Guys, this is my dad, Jim. Dad this is Tracy and Tom."

They all said hello, my sibs as well who of course they already knew.

"Now dad, what the hell is going on? Who were they and I think they almost had you beat."

He shook his head. "We were just the distraction, some of your aunts are on the roof with rifles, they would have taken them out. So while you did allow our power to get through there was another plan. Thanks though, that purple crap you make is cool."

I giggled, "Your welcome dad."

I started collecting hugs from everyone out there then stopped in place. "Its daylight dad..."

Ariel smirked at me, "I learned how to weave protection from black energy, so they can be up during the day if they need to be."

"Cool, I didn't even think about doing that, remind me to check it out, it might come in handy."

She looked sour I didn't rise to the bait of her superior smirk and then grinned and gave me a hug.

"So does this happen often?"

Dad shrugged, "Couple of times a week, started after you left. Apparently our sanctuary has been a thorn in their side for too long." He snorted, "Like the rest of the world isn't big enough."

I shook my head, "It's not the size, it's all those escaped vampires that make it here. They don't want a place for their slaves to run and hide."

We headed inside after that and I swear it took an hour for us to meet everyone and for me to get a hug from my mothers and all my aunts. I was only gone like a month but they made a major production. It was pretty cool actually. 

Tom seemed to be doing good with all the eye candy running around, I was proud of him, he only blushed twice. Tracy was doing a lot of staring too. I had to admit it was pretty funny. Turns out my sister woke them all up to greet me which was really nice.

Then my aunt Sara hugged me, one of the ones I had a huge crush on long ago. She is tall about 5'10" and has long fiery red hair and green eyes. Gorgeous hourglass figure. She winked at me when my heart sped up and I blushed. Crap, thought I was over that. I got another surprise when I got a hug from none other than Charlie. 

I guess Gabby and Sam talked him into coming back here. He looked good, really good. I saw my brother and sister talking to Tom and Tracy, and the latter were laughing. Shit, stories, one of the things I needed to keep watch for. I blushed as I headed over that way.

"So then she stomped her foot and said, but why can't I go to New York City by myself. I tell you my mothers were mad at my father for weeks for teaching her portals at age 9. For at least as long as it took for her to stop disappearing without a word to anyone anyway."

Oh good, that's a fairly innocuous one, maybe they won't embarrass me too much.

Tracy said to me, "Heya Bambi."

Or. Not. I glared at my brother and sister. They were unaffected and their smiles grew wider.

I actually didn't mind the teasing all that much, but I couldn't let it show, sibling code prevented it. I smiled sweetly at Tracy and said, "Yes dear?"

We bantered for a while. I had missed that, my sibs. They both said they would let me leech off them so I did it now. I grinned, only sibs could call you leech and have it mean I love you. I wanted them back to full strength before I left tonight, in case they had more issues. I was worried though, I had a feeling if the necromancers really banned together and came with more than one or two my family could lose.

I surreptitiously set up hooks of power throughout the day, not in my family, but on the grounds. I would be able to close my eyes and see the place. I would also be able to sense the nasty dirty energy if it came onto our land. I had no illusions, I knew a normal human could probably easily kill me, and even a non-human if they caught me by surprise. I am by no means all powerful. But if I'm prepared in an energy fight? 

There was really no contest. Even a gun wouldn't help if I created a purple shield around me. I don't really know what to call it, but it will pretty much remove anything from existence if I intend it. At least so far anyway.

All of my family got along with Tracy and Tom. I could also tell they were very happy for me. Right around the time we were leaving Sara came and gave me a hug goodbye and told me she would see me soon.

I tilted my head and said, "Coming for a visit?"

She grinned and said, "Charlie is heading back soon, he knows what we can teach and has control. I am going with him." She winked meaningfully.

I hugged her again and said, "That's great! Stop by the college anytime, and I'm sure I'll be in town a bunch. Do you have a place?"

She nodded, "I think so, and it's in closing so as long as the deal doesn't fall apart. When it goes through I'll text you the address and when we will be heading there."

"Awesome, it will be good to have you close."

When she left I examined my feelings. I loved her like family and was happy she was moving there, but a small part of me was jealous. And I was disturbed to realize I wasn't sure if I was jealous of her being with Charlie, or if I was jealous of Charlie being with Sara. Maybe both?

I was ashamed because I knew I shouldn't be. Not because she was an honorary aunt, but because jealousy is bad, if I like them I should want them to be happy regardless of how they get there. Of course I am not getting to share, so maybe that's the root of it. I shrugged it off and dismissed it, I was really happy for her and Charlie. I could figure out and dismiss the weird feelings later when I had time alone. 

Maybe it had nothing to do with the attraction I had to both of them and was just the thought of losing one of my aunts to someone else, like a teen that has issues with a single parent dating, which is really selfish of me. I shrugged. I was sure it would pass, no matter the cause. I reminded myself firmly that I would deal with it later and put it aside for the day. For the second time in two minutes.

I rounded up Tracy and Tom. My beautiful mother/aunt Pia was telling them stories about me too. I just giggled. Pia is so fucking awesome and a joy to be around. Most of my naughtier education came from that mother, just listening to her naughty stories. I kind of knew though that when she was generalizing and leaving out names it was about my father and the five of them. Which was kind of awkward but helpful at the time. I can't imagine what she has been telling my loves though.

I had forgotten about the spell and was ready to leave, but my sister hadn't, she pulled me aside and showed me the protection spell. It wasn't like what those necromancers used, but it would protect from light energy, which includes the sun. I wondered what would happen if I did the spell in purple energy, would it protect me from everything?

Purple energy is weird, it can destroy everything it touches, but it can also be selective if you concentrate. So I could shoot a blast through something, and only take out one microscopic thing inside it. Sort of like I destroyed the necromancer's spells but didn't touch anything else on them. 

Looking at my brother before we left I thought the angels were silly to fear just one nephilim, the old issue was a plague of them, with no one to teach or temper their actions. But I hope they never find out, I doubt they would accept the argument. The truth is I am much more dangerous than my brother will ever be, but much like him, I will never use it for evil or wholesale destruction. I just hope I am the only one with this weird ability to mix the different energies...

I ripped open a portal and we landed right inside Tracy's and my dorm room.

Tom laughed and said, "You have the best family ever." 

Then he pulled me in for a hot kiss. I was panting breathlessly by the time he released me.

Smiling he said, "Been dying to do that to you all day."

I giggled as he did the same to Tracy.

Tom shook his head and said, "I really want to stay but I ignored my class work all weekend, need to do some work and cramming tonight for class tomorrow."

I said sultrily as I knelt before him staring up in his eyes while mine widened in innocence, "Surely you have time to feed your women a quick one before you go." I slowly licked my lips without breaking eye contact. He was rock hard by the time I got his pants around his ankles and slipped him between my yielding warm lips...

===============================================

Less than 3 minutes later I was swapping cum with Tracy in a heated kiss as Tom left with a big smile. Tracy and I made slow love together, teasing each other with soft touches on our sensitive smooth skin. We slowly made our way to a sixty nine position with my on the bottom. I teased Tracy's core, enjoying every sound, every arch and every grind I drew from my love. I felt her load moan turn to a gasp of ecstasy as she filled my mouth with her honey.
