 Chapter 7 -- Charles comes back with a sexy aunt.

I woke with a gasp and looked at the clock, it was 4:41AM, and my energy links were telling me my house was being invaded by 6 of those bastards. I was naked and knew I looked thoroughly fucked and was a hot mess. But I had no time to waste. I did throw on a robe though, worth the extra 2 seconds. I wove a protective purple shield hoping to hell it would work. It really should, then ripped a hole in the universe and stepped into my back yard.

I heard the warning yells in the house, they weren't even out here yet, and there were six men in black robes, and a young boy. I stood stunned and frozen. He must have been 7 or 8.

The necromancer ordered, "Kill her, NOW."

To my horror his hands glowed purple and a bolt shot out at me. If my shield hadn't worked I would be dead, that is when my parents arrived. I quickly looked at the boy's mind. He was an experiment, and now simply considered a weapon. He was terrified but was held by spells. He could easily burn them out with purple energy, but the spells wouldn't let him. They must have been set when he was a baby.

I sent a blast of purple back, but concentrated on the controlling spells only. The energy flew through the slaves body, and freed him.

"Dad, open to me please!"

God bless my father, he didn't even ask, just trusted me and fed me a crazy amount of power, I didn't use it to attack though, I needed it to purge the evil from their dark energy. I intended to steal it, leave them powerless.

They all shot energy at me, every one of them. It simply ceased to exist when it hit my shield. I shot the darts at them taking down their wards, then as harshly as I could I ripped out their power, and it was a lot of power. I needed almost all of what my father sent to clean the energy as it came toward me.

I wasn't sure what would happen if I absorbed greasy energy, and I never wanted to find out, so I cleansed it. I would have just dissipated it if I lacked the means to steal it though.

"Ok dad, that's enough. They are powerless now. Not sure if you ever got to question one, now you have the bunch."

Necromancers are like vampires in that they need blood, except necromancers are always evil, unlike vampires they have to kill the victim to receive the energy. Sacrifice them actually.

I gently connected to the boys mind, "Hi, I am Mina, I got rid of those bad spells on you. You don't have to kill people anymore."

He replied, "Wow, that was awesome! I'm Jeremy and I never killed anyone, they brought me here first, said no one could resist the mixed energy. Hey, how come you drew the light energy from your dad? Can't you open portals?"

I said confused, "What does one have to do with the other?"

As a typical know it all 9 year old he rolled his eyes at her and said, "Watch me silly."

I watched him open a portal with purple energy, but not a travelling portal, it was different. My mouth dropped open as he filled with light energy and I looked at the portal more carefully. Holy Shit! This kid opened a portal to the dimension of the afterlife and is drawing directly. That will change everything!

"Impressive kid, so you want to hang with my family, the reason they want us dead is because we free slaves like you and the vampires to live free. You just need to be careful with the energy. It is easy to hurt someone with it. In fact I am the only other person like you I know that can actually stop it. And you me of course."

He nodded and looked scared, "I know, I don't want to hurt no one, honest. I just couldn't stop myself, I am happy you freed me. Umm, why are you wearing a bath robe?"

Oh shit, I forgot. I blushed and ran into the house and heard the little boy giggle at me. I connected to my family and sent the conversation in a quick memory transfer so they would know he was safe.

I knew I needed to get back to Tracy, if she woke up she would worry. Probably be mad I didn't take her with me. I got dressed in a pair of jeans, t-shirt and flip flops that I had left behind at the house and went back outside.

I reset the energy hooks, not bothering to hide it, since they must know I did something already. My father raised an eyebrow but his face was filled with paternal pride. My mothers were torn between pride, worry and looking like they were going to give me a lecture and send me to my room. I almost giggled but that would have really gotten me a lecture.

"I have to get back to the college. Jeremy, these are my parents, you will be safe with them. I'll come and visit though, if you want me to. I may be far away but it's just a portal. But I have school in a couple of hours, plus my roommate will be worried if I don't get back."

Part of me was terrified at leaving a child that could slaughter my family at a whim without my protection, but I was in his mind, and I knew he was a bright gentle kid that would be honestly disgusted and traumatized by such an action. Hopefully he would stay that way.

"Hold up!" Sara said coming out of the house, holding hands with Charlie. "Can you give us a lift since you're here, the sale went through yesterday, just need to sign the papers, we were going to take the morning flight but..." she trailed off.

"Of course I'll take you, hotel in town?"

They nodded at me so I ripped open a portal to a nearby alley and we all went through. I gave them a quick hug.

"I really need to run, if Tracy woke up she will be worried, and probably pissed I left without her."

"Thanks honey, go ahead, we can catch up sometime later," Sara said.

I ripped a portal to my dorm room and stepped through. Tracy was pacing by the bed. Oops.

"Hi baby, I'm sorry, my house was attacked, I grabbed a robe and went."

She nodded. "I get it, you felt an attack and you didn't even have time to get dressed, much less wake me up and wait for me to get clothes on. But I'm still upset you left me behind!"

I went to hug her and she resisted for a minute, and then she broke down pulling me to her tightly with a sob. I just held her and let her get it out.

She said, "I'm not mad, I was just so scared, I knew you wouldn't disappear without an emergency and I didn't know what or how bad or if you would be okay, or when you would be back."

"I'm sorry, next time I will let you know what's going on through the link. I was hoping you would still be asleep."

We talked a bit more, I played back what happened for her and then we cuddled up and went back to sleep.

=======================================

There were no more attacks on the house in the following days, though I went back at least once a week to refresh the hooks and hang out with Jeremy. Besides accessing power he really didn't know much except how to kill, so he learned a lot from Wade, Ariel and I. I am not sure what dad found out from the captured necromancers, hopefully taking out such a large group will make them back off for another 20 years.

I spent a lot of time with Sara and Charlie. I already knew Sara well of course, and Charlie was great, he would have to be in order to catch Sara after all. I used my mind and perfect recall trying to figure out what the jealous was, and it was all three of the possibilities I thought of at the house all mixed together, which is why I had trouble with it to begin with. I do not feel jealous anymore.

Tracy, Tom and I started spending weekends at the big house Sara and Charlie bought, we pretty much had run of the place during the day. It had a nice theatre system and a hot tub I wound up cleaning on a regular basis. The evenings we would spend with Sara and Charlie after they woke up with sundown.

They asked me if we would want to move in as they had plenty of room and liked having the three of us around. The house felt empty to them after the craziness of so many in the same place back home. The college wasn't that far after all and we all had cars now. I told them I would talk to Tracy and Tom about it.

We were studying in the dorm when I asked, "Hey, Sara and Charlie asked if we would want to live there off campus. Said the house felt to empty after the move here, plus they like having us three around."

Tom raised his brow, "Was that all the reason she gave?"

I tilted my head, "Yes, why?"

Tracy snorted. "Seriously? How did you not notice?"

"Not notice what?"

Tom raised his eye again like I was clueless, "They both like Tracy and I, maybe a lot even, but they are completely smitten with you. How can you not see that?"

That... Wasn't possible, was it? Could I have missed their attraction by trying to push away mine for them? Sara had insisted I start calling her just Sara. That she was an honorary aunt to a child, but we were friends now. Hmm.

Tracy giggled, "I can smell the smoke, what are you thinking?"

"Just trying to see what you are seeing, I assume you know..."

"That you have a thing for both of them, especially Sara, yes. We were wondering when you would mention it, bring up the option to make them a part of us," Tom said.

I blushed. "I didn't see they felt the same way, I didn't think Sara would as she helped raise me. I didn't see the point if they didn't have the inclination. So what do you think?"

Tracy answered first, "I like both of them a lot. They're good people we can all already count on. Plus I am attracted to both of them."

Tom nodded and said, "I like both of them too, although I am not attracted to other guys we can watch out for each other. And yes, Sara is stunningly attractive, much like the two of you."

"So that sounded unanimous to me, so we should tell them we will move in? When should we mention them joining us?"

Tom grinned at the excitement in my voice and said, "Now and this Saturday when we move in. Shouldn't take much to move, and the bedrooms are already furnished."

I was excited, I already loved Sara. She was the only teen crush I had that lasted into adulthood. The others were all beautiful as well of course, but Sara and I had always connected well on all the other levels as well which made the difference. I gave Sara a call and let her know we would move in this weekend and inform the school next Monday.

==========================================================

"FUCK! Harder! Slam that cock into your little slut Tom." My words muffled by my pillow as Tom plundered by warm wet core from behind as I pushed back hard to meet his violent thrusting. Tom slapped my ass hard from cheek to cheek with his left hand as he pulled my hair back with the other. My arched back forcing my ass to stick up for maximum penetration, my warmth taking in his long hard manhood.

"You are my slut. You like when I take you don't you. You like when I shove my cock into your slutty hot pussy?"

His words sent lightning to my core and I locked down on his length and milked his manhood as my juices flowed down my canal around his cock and soaked his balls. He gasped as my core demanded his seed and he coated the inside my honey pot with thick ropes of his cum.

"My god Mina, you really do like that don't you?" he asked as we collapsed next to each other.

"Only from those I love and trust Tom, but yes. From a stranger it would be demeaning, from someone I love... There is really two parts to it. A part of me needs to be submissive at times, not all the time, just in bed, and not all the time there either," I giggled, "Did that clear it up any?

"The second part I don't entirely understand, I just know I like it a little rough. I don't want to be hurt, or tied up so I can't move and whipped, nothing like that. But grabbing my hair and a good spank... Speak dirty to me... Nothing better. So when I submit to you while you are roughly fucking my brains out... It's beautiful, amazing. I love you Tom."

I whispered in his ear seductively, "I like the submissive feeling when I get on my knees for you too, but there is power and control there too. I can get you off in 2 minutes, or hold you on the cusp for half an hour. But even that control is about submissively giving you pleasure. If I make it last a half hour it's to pleasure you more, if its two minutes it's because you are late for class and don't have time for anything else. And that gives me pleasure too."

I asked softly, "Does that bother you, do you think it's, weird... How hot it gets me I mean?"

He shook his head and said, "No, besides being hot as hell... For me it's all about giving you pleasure, that makes it better for me. So if calling you a little slut makes you cum, it gives me pleasure as well. So in our own way we are both submitting to our partners needs and getting off better because of it. I love you and you are an amazing woman."

I crawled down and took him in my mouth, sucking my honey mixed with his batter off his cock as it stiffened and revitalized in my wet mouth. Once it was hard I crawled back up and lowered slowly down onto his manhood, spearing my center and hugging his length with my hot wet walls.

I put my hands on his chest for support and looked down in his eyes as I ground against him in a small circle before raising myself to start over again.

"Do you know what else I love?"

Tom smiled and said, "What's that love?"

"Soft and slow lovemaking," I said as I lowered myself and grinded him again, over and over I repeated the slow but intense stimulation. My core was on a slow buildup, every sensation a bit more intense. Every movement savored, our breathing slowly speeding up as we made love. Our eyes were locked the entire time, which after all is just another type of submission in bed. Making love is the vulnerable exposure of the heart and soul to another and he had mine...

======================================

We moved in Saturday morning first thing, all three of our cars loaded up with clothes, books, toys, computers, etc... It was only a dorm room and a half, so we were done after 2 trips and mostly unpacked by lunchtime. We were all a little tired so we wound up ordering pizza. By early afternoon we were done so we jumped in the hot tub to loosen our muscles and unwind.

We were all excited about tonight, which of course made the day drag. We decided to occupy ourselves with a one of those sex games where you pick cards and have to do what they say to move along the board. Tom was currently burying his tongue inside Tracy when I noticed something.

Call me stupid because I hadn't seen it before now, but angels are all over the place, so are ghosts. I have learned to just filter them out like they aren't there. Kind of like filtering out a room full of sound when listening to one person talk. I happened to notice though that Andrea was looking at them go, and instead of the lustful look I would expect from a randy angel she had a look of wistfulness to her, and sadness.

Her mind though, was locked up like mine, so I could only guess at what was behind it. I promised myself I would keep a closer eye. Tom's angel looked bored, like she was on line at the bank or something, so I dismissed her to the back of my mind again. It was my turn so I drew a card and gasped when I read it. I had to lick Tom's ass while reaching between his legs to jerk him off.

As I moved to obey the card I wondered what kind of disgusting pervert wrote out these cards, and if there was any way I could send a thank you note...

=========================================

We showered and got dinner started. We had just started eating when Sara walked out followed by Charlie. She looked at me questioningly when my heart beat sped up. It had stopped doing that since I was seeing her so much lately. Of course tonight was different. I was a little nervous, my emotions a jumble of adult need, love, teenage crush, and wanting to kiss her so bad my stomach hurt.

I let Tom take the lead on this one. He only had the one dimension of adult to adult relationship with her. I could also split my focus and keep an eye on Andrea.

Tom said, "Thanks again for letting us move in here, it's nicer and we can be together without sneaking around and piling in a room like sardines. Plus, we like you two a lot.

"In fact we talked about how you appear to feel about us. Especially how Sara feels about Mina, and how we feel about the two of you."

Sara turned white, "We didn't invite you here for ulterior motives, or try to force our way in somehow."

Tom said, "That is not what I meant, I know you wouldn't do that. Tracy and I knew for quite a while how you felt about Mina, we also know you like us now as well from our time here. You do want to join our family don't you? To be our partners and our lovers? Support us as we support you? Both of you?"

I noticed that Andrea had that wistful look again, does that mean that she? But what about Sam? Don't they still.... Visit? That would be, awkward. Then I saw Sara look at me when Tom stopped talking, I could see the insecurity there, unsure of what was in play that got us to this point. Why this was happening and did they do anything to influence us in an unfair way?

Maybe I was reading too much into the look, but it seemed clear to me and I wondered how I missed it, the way she looked at me. Tom was right. I was too caught up in my own conflicted emotions and missed the fact that Sara was desperately in love with me and in the process of falling in love with Tom and Tracy. I did the only thing I could think of, I stood up and walked over to Sara and kissed her forehead, and I showed her everything, absolutely everything that was about her in my head.

The worship I had of my favorite babysitter as a young girl.

The transformation of those emotions when I was a confused teen, caught between the worship of an adult and the longing of a young woman. Wanting something more but I was just too young to understand or take part in a relationship.

To the young woman I had become who had started at the local college and gave up all of my childish crushes on the few honorary aunts I had them with.

To a few months ago, the shock at the powerful attraction I had for Sara when I visited from college in California for the first time. About my increased heartbeat which she already knew and about the tingle in my nipples and the powerful longing I felt as they tightened which she didn't.

My misunderstood jealousy when Sara was with Charlie was put on display before me. The shame I felt and the passing of it when I worked it all out and decided Sara just needed to be happy, that's all that mattered to me.

My absolute joy and excitement when Tom explained to my thick witted skull how Sara really felt about me and the three of us all agreed we wanted Sara and Charlie as part of our family.

The absolute lust I felt and the need to kiss her as Sara walked into the room ten minutes ago and was confused by my change of heart rate.

And lastly, the love and devotion I felt at her confusion and pain. My intense need to share all of my memories of Sara that I believed would soothe her concerns and her pain. So she would understand and believe how much I loved her.

Sara gasped as I shared 21 years of memories about her in seconds. She looked up at me in amazement and said, her voice pure soft velvet, "I love you too Mina."

Then she kissed me. Her lips warm and pliant against mine, she was finally mine to love and enjoy.

I cupped and softly caressed both her cheeks with the fingertips of my hands as I melted against her. We both moaned into each other's mouths as we reluctantly broke our first kiss. I returned to my seat not really wanting to leave her arms, noting that Charlie, Tracy and Tom had large smiles and an about time look on their faces making me blush.

We talked about things for a while, what was expected, what was taboo. No straying without group approval or bringing someone else in. Charlie was also the same mind as Tom, so it didn't bother him they wouldn't be intimate, not to say they wouldn't be in the same room or with one of us at the same time though.
