 Chapter 9 -- Confrontation and sanctuary. 

When I was younger I had helped out vampires on the run from necromancers with my family. I had even joked once that we were a battered vampire shelter. Vampires truly are necromancer's slaves and chattel out in the world with some few exceptions. They would show up, having heard of us through rumor, at our door. We would take them in. 

The coven would train them, my father, brother and I would destroy the control and slavery spells with light energy, being careful not to harm the benign life giving dark energy in their bodies. My sister got to help as well, feeding a little dark energy to those that showed up starving, or helping to heal those that were heavily damaged but didn't have the energy on their own to fix it.

For the most part they moved on a short time later to find their own life. The original 18 in the coven when I was born only grew by a handful over the years. We did it of course, because my father detested the slavery and evil of the necromancers. Plus my mother Stephanie and the rest of the coven lived for passing on the gift of freedom that my father had given them through pure chance on that day Sam was taken.

It was not perfect however. Those few vampires that escaped and couldn't learn to control the thirst and not be monsters without the chain of slavery on their necks, well, we had to put those down. No one liked it but none of us would free and set loose evil upon the world. 

It was something I missed, something that felt good to do. So it was with pleasure and surprise when Sara woke me up and said there were two vampires here, ones that had managed to escape because of a poorly phrased order from their necromancer. It was a surprise because they showed up here, at my new home, not back there half way across the country where I grew up.

I was half asleep, my body sore from earlier, so I used light energy to heal and energize my body. I wanted to be alert for this, just in case they attacked when or if I freed them from spells of control. I knew I could never be too careful despite how much power I wielded. If I wasn't ready a vampire could kill me before I blinked. 

Sara brought me into the lounge where she left them, Charlie cautiously watching over them. Both protective and defensive, ready for anything. Sara introduced me to Cindy and Tara while Charlie moved to a place where he could better protect us. 

Cindy and Tara were absolutely stunning of course. Necromancers picked them that way as the bedroom was always one of the slave duties. I hated to think anything positive about them, but their choice in woman at least, was quite good. Or they would have been stunning if they didn't look like starving pulverized meat wearing rags. 

I immediately started to heal them with dark energy before even saying hi, causing them to flinch a little at my wielding of power. Healing with dark energy is different, instead of cleansing and restoring like light energy would, it uses its control of the body to force it to heal at a greatly accelerated speed. That would hurt of course, if I wasn't also using dark energy to numb their bodies at the same time. 

I also fed them a bit, so they would not have to fight their natures, I had no idea if they had any control or not, and burning out a necromancer's restriction on their feeding when they were hungry would be... Really stupid.

I smiled and said, "That better? How did you know to come here?"

They both smiled and Cindy said, "Much thanks. We heard rumors that a bunch of vampires that were, shall we say, unselective in their feeding habits disappeared a few months ago from around here. We also heard that one of the children from sanctuary was going to college in California, so instead of running East we decided to give this a chance as it was much closer."

Well that was a plus, even if they couldn't control themselves I could tell they wanted to, didn't crave to hurt and torture people. I also grinned imagining the aunts bragging about their family as they trained and set vamps loose, how else could the rumors and knowledge of our sanctuary spread?

I said, "This won't hurt a bit, but be ready to exert control over your instincts."

I burned the spells out of their body until they read clear dark energy. I smiled at the crystal clear feel of it, no murk built up from evil actions or intentions, like a tall crystal clear glass of cool water on my senses.

I looked to Sara and Charlie and asked, "So, did you want a go at teaching them, or should I port them over to Stephanie?"

Sara replied shaking her head, "I don't think we have what we need, obviously if the rumors spread we will need to buy some equipment for the basement while teaching control. We would need clothes, chains, maybe a cage.

"We also might invite a few of the coven back with us if you want? We don't have to take part in training at all though. We could just free and send, but I admit I miss doing that, helping others of my kind."

I smiled and said, "Whatever you want to do, I missed this part of it, so if I get to help you should be able to as well."

I frowned, "Of course if we open a second sanctuary we will probably be attacked soon. Those assholes don't like it when we free their 'toys'... But do what you need to do to get it ready, and I will send these two on."

Tara said, "If it's too much trouble you could just let us go now that we are free, we won't hurt anyone."

I shook my head. "I know you don't want to hurt anyone but we need to make sure we don't become responsible for any vampires going rogue. It is important to us that as a being you be free and not a slave, but it is equally important that you be in sure control of your instincts."

I ripped a hole in the universe to my old back yard and gestured them through, we followed them through just to make sure they didn't take off. It didn't take long for my father and Stephanie to step out with some of the others. It was continually startling when one of your mothers looked younger than you. Not that I looked old at 21, but there was some maturing there she just didn't and would never have. She still looked like an innocent faced 18 year old.

Dad said, "Been busy?"

I smiled, "Meet Tara and Cindy, they showed up at my door tonight. I got their immediate needs taken care of, but they need training and clothes to replace those rags.

"It looks like knowledge of us having a house by the college is out, which means I will be getting more showing up."

Turning to my mom I said, "Stephanie, we were wondering if maybe some of the coven would join us. It would be hard for just Sara and Charlie to do all the training, plus we could use some help setting up. We also figured out we would probably be attacked soon if rumors are getting out, so having a few more people around wouldn't hurt."

Stephanie nodded thoughtfully and said, "I'll ask, I am sure some would go, or maybe rotate back and forth? They all miss you and Sara, but would have the same problem with us if they went. Plus I don't want to lose any of my girls."

Dad frowned thoughtfully and said, "Sounds good, and I want to place some hooks of my own at your place, maybe Wade should too. That way we can protect each other. Hopefully they don't attack simultaneously."

"Thanks dad," I said. I knew he didn't doubt my ability, just wanted to help like I helped here. He looked like he was doing a bit better, but had a more serious look now to his face than he used to. The mischievous look was dulled. I knew he still missed Nikki badly.

The coven dragged off Cindy and Tara to start their training, I hoped they would do well, they were obviously good people when they were taken, and still seemed to be so.

We headed back home and I let out a squeal when Sara and Charlie picked me up and ran for a bedroom, if I had blinked I would have missed the trip...

My squeal transformed into a low moan when I felt Sara's soft pliant lips against my own. Charlie ran his fingers through my long hair pulling it aside to kiss the back of my neck. I arched my back slightly to tease his growing bulge with my tight little butt while I pulled Sara forward rubbing our breasts together.

My breath picked up at the pleasure I felt from their lips and bodies as we rubbed together. I was caught in a delicious trap between them as they slowly stripped me down. I felt them worship my body as they caressed, kissed, licked and nipped. Their own clothes they removed at full speed, one moment dressed, the next I felt Charlie's hardened member between my cheeks and Sara's naked breasts brushing mine.

I used one hand to cup Sara's neck and deepened our kiss. The other wrapped behind my body as I gripped lightly around his manhood and started stroking. Sara moaned in my mouth and his hardness twitched in my hand as I pleasured it with slow long strokes, occasionally teasing the sensitive bulbous head with my palm as I went up and over then back down with my hand reversed to stroke some more.

I felt Charlie reach between my legs and tease my dark star while Sara ran a fingertip over my sensitive labia. I whimpered under their ministrations wanting more as my hand picked up speed on his now fully extended and rock hard manhood. Sliding my other hand down Sara's body I gently teased her nipples one at a time savoring her as her body melted against mine and her soft moan entered my mouth.

I gasped out in need, "Bed now!"

We moved to the bed as one, wanting more than we could give while standing up. Sara backed up toward it and Charlie followed right behind me, his pleasure still in my hand's light grip. Sara turned around and laid on the bed head closest to me and I crawled over and down her body. I paused briefly for one last taste of her succulent lips before kissing my way down her body.

I felt her lips touch every part of me she could reach as my body moved above her. I moaned loudly when I got to her dripping core and took my first taste, her body twitching under my own at the pleasurable contact. I started to make love to her core with my mouth, lips, and fingertips. Sensual and slow I pleasured her, her beautiful body trembling under my lightest touch.

I felt Charlie's eyes on us, drinking us in as we pleasured each other in front of him. Watching as Sara's hands pulled my cheeks apart and displayed my molten core. Her tongue fanned the flames of my pleasure that was rising slowly to my height. Patience radiated off of him as he enjoyed watching us. We enjoyed it to, arching our backs, our loud moans and gasps unfettered, freely reflecting the hot slow rise toward our rapture.

Her slow teasingly gentle tongue pushed me into rapture. I felt her join me as my body ground into hers. 

The loud moan from Charlie and the movement of the bed showed his patience was exhausted by our loving and erotic display. When I started to come down from my first orgasm I felt Charlie's manhood brush the bottom of my ass cheeks then his length ran along my labia and grazed my clit.

I breathily said, "God that feels so good, give me your cock. Put it in me."

I felt him parting my labia as he teasingly ran it across me over and over, my request so far denied. Each time he brushed my clit at the pinnacle of his stroke causing my body to twitch in pleasure. I could hear the sound of sucking and knew Sara was sucking on his bulbous head each time he finished a stroke. She then teased my clit with her tongue when he withdrew. Her ecstatic juices still escaping I sucked her taste into my mouth, separating her silken folds with my tongue.

I begged him, my breath gasping, "Please, give it to me, I need you filling me."

Between her teasing touches, the friction of his length and the hot sound and thought of Sara sucking on his tip to taste his precum mixed with my honey juice. It all had me rising quickly to my second ecstasy. Still being gentle but wanting her to peak with me I worked harder on her engorged sensitive nub and slipped one finger between her velvety folds. 

As we rose for the second time together and pleasure exploded within me I felt him withdraw a little farther and change his angle. He slowly teased himself between my twitching grasping hot swollen wet lips.

I gasped as he entered me, impaling his hardness deep within my depths. My warm wet walls welcomed and closed around his manhood as my juice washed over him and out of me, dripping into Sara's waiting mouth. 

"Oh god, thank you god, that's what I need, fill me," I said in breathless relief and pleasure.

My center felt so full as he started to slowly saw in and out of me. Sara was licking my clit as he plundered my depths so I didn't last long at all before being pushed over again into rapture.

I screamed in pleasure, my voice muffled by Sara's folds. When he pulled out of me I rolled myself over, pulling her on top of me as he crawled to the other end. I watched from underneath as he plunged his manhood into her twitching folds. I teased her clit with my tongue as he brought her two more orgasms before he grunted loudly and unleashed his seed into her. I licked my lips in anticipation of cleaning his taste out of her molten core...

==============================================

It took a couple of weeks but it wasn't long before they we were ready for more vampires to call. I also spent some time hooking the property with energy. I talked my new family into letting me do them, promising not to spy on them but only be aware if they used the link to call for my help. Except for Tracy, she still liked that I could see her. 

I suspected a big part of that was naughty, she liked that I could watch her when she was fucking one of the others. I'd catch her thinking how hot it was I was watching her be a wanton slut, but since I liked watching so much I didn't ever mention it. Not to mention I could keep a close eye on her safety as well.

It got to the point I had to spend a couple of hours running around every weekend to renew them all. But it was worth it for the peace of mind. We started getting a trickle of Vampires in but not nearly as many that were going through my old home, at least not yet. The days flew by as we lived our lives.

Before I knew it my third year of college was over, with my memory on the job I pulled out a 4.0 on my transcripts. We visited my old house some over the summer, but this was home now and we spent most of it here. That is when we were attacked. The worst part is I didn't even feel it coming. The necromancers had gotten smart and instead of showing up power blazing...

====================================================

I woke up to a creaking sound and Andrea shaking me. Someone was opening the door slowly. I couldn't sense them at all which didn't make sense, I had hooks in Tracy and Tom, the rest of my family had energy. Plus, the six of us were all here in bed. The other four still slept. I pushed out light energy just to light up the room, for those that can see light energy anyway. I saw someone dressed all in black with a silenced gun in his hands.

As he lifted it to shoot I encased the bed in purple energy, narrowed my eyes, and shot some dark energy at the assailant that would put a human straight to sleep. I gasped in fear as I realized without Andrea we all could be dead right now. He collapsed and fearing for the other vampires living here I got everyone awake and we all searched the house together.

We found 2 more humans with guns who I knocked out. We also found a dead human, one of my aunts looking down at him with shaking hands, blood pouring from a bullet wound in her shoulder. I also had to heal a couple of the other vampires who were shot in the chest, luckily it wasn't a head shot. I can't heal them if they are already dead.

We were very lucky no one was killed. I plumbed the depths of all their minds trying to figure out who sent them. I knew I had to send a message, no more just defense. The necromancers needed to know if they attacked me I would hit them back, not just wait around for their next attack. The rest of the morning was a little complicated, we didn't want to kill humans, even if they were trying to kill us. So we called the cops.

They looked skeptical at first, a house full of mostly young nubile woman knocking out four professional assassins but we made it work, mostly with a lot of misdirection and fawning over how Tom and Charlie saved us all. The dead one we convinced the M.E. to report he snapped his neck against a piece of furniture when he fell. Vampires were very persuasive after all.

I discovered from their minds they got the job in San Francisco but they had no idea what or who they had been dealing with. It sounds insurmountable, but when you can detect energy it doesn't take too long to narrow things down. Having a name of a city was like a big red X on the map. I wanted to go alone but everyone freaked out on me so I reached a compromise. 

I was with my Charlie, Sara, and my sibs came over and joined us. We had convinced Tracy and Tom to stay behind, that left out Andrea as well since she never went far from Tracy's side being her angel and all.

We drove around the city and it didn't take more than half a day to run across a huge signature of necromancers and vampires. Something like that can't be hidden from others with energy. I was a little calmer now, not quite ready to lose it but I was still very angry. I was about to send a strong message.

This was no quiet plan. The whole point was to make a statement, so we simply used energy to unlock and walk into the front door. It was the middle of the day, all their vampires were asleep. There were quite a bit, I sensed 53 vampires, all slaves in this huge mansion, packed in the basement like sardines.

I sensed 13 necromancers in different parts of the house, I didn't know if that number had any significance and I did not care either. I was not interested in how the evil gathered their power. The first thing I did was to reach out to all of them at once and placed purple energy hooks in their bodies before they knew we were in the house.

I didn't want any escaping through a portal and because it was purple energy they were tagged and couldn't escape me nor could they destroy or remove the energy itself. I didn't torture them, or abuse them in any way. I simply sent them on to the next life when I ran across them one by one. 

I used purple energy to separate their souls from their bodies, leaving them unharmed in any other way. I did not talk to them or give them the opportunity to speak. I felt no need to justify my actions to them and I didn't want to listen to anything they had to say. 

I knew this was the right thing to do, the human authorities could do nothing about this evil, yet I still felt sick at the thought of taking life. It was only my anger, my fear of my family being killed, the thought of freeing all the vampires here and the loving support I felt from my sibs and mates here with me that let me continue and follow through with it. 

Three of them took portals and ran instead of trying to face me. I could sense they ran to other necromancers as I sensed the energy around my hooks. That gave me an idea and it made it easier to send the message. As if ten dead bodies under mysterious circumstances and no identifiable cause of death with occult books and paraphernalia around the house in the news the next day wasn't enough. 

I couldn't let them escape, yet I didn't want to keep killing either, and I knew if I went to them, the other necromancers would attack leading to an endless cycle. So I closed my eyes and sent the purple energy through my hooks that was in the last three. The necromancers that were frantically talking to the others about my attack were suddenly emptied of life and fell to the floor before their comrades.
