 Note: The characters and events in this story and any subsequent chapters are purely fictitious, any similarities to a real person is coincidental and unintended. Any and all sex in this story is between characters over the age of 18. No actual vampires were abused at any time. This story is part Fantasy, Polyamory, Romance, Violence, Betrayal etc... There is some rough sex and dirty talk in here but nothing approaching true BDSM or non-reluctance. As usual for those who read my stories there is a wide variety of sex going on between the different chapters... All chapters will just be in the sci-fi category. Like Jim and Mina's story there is polyamory in here.

You certainly don't need to read 'Jim sees dead people!' or 'Jim's Legacy Pt. 1 - Mina' first, but a lot of the supporting and a few main characters are introduced in that story and if you read this first you will see spoilers for the previous stories. I still did character introduction but I tried to keep it to a minimum since some of you will be already familiar. 

I also did something different, instead of short chapters I split this 44k novella into three parts so I hope you don't mind the longer posting. There will be multiple chapters in each part.

Hope you enjoy!

Chapter 1 – Wade.

Damn she is annoying. Ever since those self righteous bastards had stolen my mother they assigned an angel to me. A spy. To make sure I didn't go off my rocker and start blowing shit up. Like people, houses, cities and other fragile things. I wasn't nearly as strong as my sister Mina, but that's like saying the nuclear explosion wasn't nearly as bad as an asteroid hitting the Earth, or an erupting volcano.

So I was watched constantly by my guard, not guardian, guard angel. At least that is how I have come to see her. With her sneering looks of disgust and judgment it was clear how she viewed me. Monster. Not all angels treat me with contempt. I imagine they picked one with that attitude to ensure vigilance.

I just finished my business degree at the local college, right here in my hometown. I have to say the last six months or so has been boring, no attacks made on either my sister's place or here. Which of course is good news, but it also means I have no way to take out my frustrations. 

I have to admit I have been on edge, an angel dropping acidic comments in my head on occasion, my mother stolen from me, and any ability to decompress by fighting my enemy is now gone. So I am filled with frustration, I know if I don't get out of here I will lose it, at the very least I will hurt someone in my family with ill thought words.

I am 23 and a college graduate, it's time to leave home for those reasons and more. It will be good to get on my own and frankly the constant concern of all my family members, of which there are many, about how I am handling things is driving me crazy.

I am not one for goodbyes but my family would kill me if I just took off. Especially my baby sister Ariel. She is the only one not bugging me about how I feel, all she has to do is look at me and she knows. So when I walked in her room and she looked up her face fell a bit. Ironic that the one not a mind reader can read me best.

Ariel said, "So... Where are you going?"

I shrugged. "I was thinking Chicago. We had a good time every time we snuck off there for the day when we were kids. It's one of my favorite cities. Thought I'd go look for trouble, see what turns up. I need to blow off steam, might as well be something productive, like killing a demon or something similar. Depending on how I feel I will either get a place or move on after a few days."

She frowned at me and said, "You need to be careful, all alone you won't have backup if something goes wrong."

I said sarcastically, "Sure I will, you got my back right Teri?"

Teri snorted at me and glared. She hates that shortening of her name, prefers Teresa. I prefer annoying my spy. That may sound mean but all Teri would do for me is let my family know where the corpse was after I died horribly, so I don't feel guilty at all about annoying her.

Ariel rolled her eyes and said, "Seriously, let me hook your cell, please? I won't listen. I'll just be there if you call out for help.

She wanted to hook my cell phone with some dark energy, so she could find me quick and monitor my area. She couldn't actually put it in me because my light energy would destroy it in short order. It was a small thing and I know she wouldn't spy on me, because I can detect lies from a mile away.

I stopped completely reading minds all the time though because I got so damn tired of hearing how sorry they are in their heads my mother was taken. I can also only read humans or someone with light energy. Dark energy blocks me, same as my parents, even if they aren't purposefully shielding against it. Despite her dark energy I could read Ariel, though only when she opened up for it actively.

I replied grudgingly, not able to say no to her at all, never have been able to, "Yes, if it makes you feel better."

I got a big hug for my trouble then headed out to say goodbye to the parents. They weren't happy about it but my father Jim understood I needed to strike out on my own. Can't stay here forever. Even if I didn't have all the negative stuff to work through it just wasn't healthy. 

I hadn't had a date in about 6 months now and with my attitude going to hell I didn't even drool over the hot vamps known as my honorary aunts anymore running about the house. My late teens were very embarrassing, I had serious crushes on most of them and walked around with half a hard on almost constantly.

Necromancer's picked them out specifically for their fresh faced beauty then turned them into vampires. Made vampires their slaves both in and out of the bedroom. It's a horrible thing actually and I am happy they all escaped and sorry they had to go through all that. 

However for a young man thinking about how dark energy can completely control their bodies in the smallest ways, and they were trained for sexual pleasure... I admit I had a very rich fantasy life while going through my teenage years.

I swore I would keep in touch and told the rest of my mother's I would be careful. My family was of course unique, both for the polyamory and the non-human factor. My birth mother of course, an angel they won't let back on earth for the horrific crime of having me and hiding it so they didn't kill me, yeah, no guilt there for me. 

I am a Nephilim, half angel, and apparently not allowed to exist until my sister Mina stepped in and basically bullied them to revisit the law during the trial. Originally they were simply going to end my existence.

A vampire, Stephanie, which was Ariel's birth mom. Two ghosts, Marie and Pia. Mia, the only actual human and mother of my sister Mina. Not really sure if dad counts as human since he got his powers, we are kind of a unique family.

Mia asked, "Did you pack already?"

I nodded. "Left it in my room though, Ill snag it through a portal when I figure out where I am staying, I don't want to lug it around the city. When you can open up a portal across 1000 miles in the blink of an eye it makes you too lazy to carry luggage, what can I say?"

Mia just shook her head and gave me a hug after that. I took one last quick look around and ripped a hole in the universe and stepped through. I was surrounded by office buildings on the outskirts of the city. They were all about 3 or 4 stories. There was also a nearby park and I had a fuzzy idea about demons or vampires hovering about the area. 

I opened my senses and there was nothing, so I started walking around the outside of the park on the sidewalk closest to the buildings. I figured I would sense something, ironically staying out of the park so I don't run into a human mugger. I can't sense anything without energy in it, light or dark, and humans were not part of my quarry. I am not a vigilante, let the police get their collars, I was going for the supernatural prey.

I can't say how much I truly wanted to help that first night, it was a consideration in my head, but it was more about getting something I wouldn't feel bad about hurting or even killing. I needed to blow off some steam and blowing up a tree stump or something just wasn't the same.

I felt some dark energy but to my surprise it was to the left, inside the office building area, not in the park. I shrugged and took off running. Now as a nephilim I was stronger than a human. My father and sisters were fairly human on strength, but I had the strength and speed of an angel, which was close to the same as a vampire.

Just a couple of seconds later I was 3 blocks in and I took in the scene. There was an office building on fire. There was also a demon inside what looked to me like a homeless man. Demons are arsonists? Well I guess they would like the misery and all that. I immediately opened up my power and sent some light energy his way, thinking to just burn out the demon and set this homeless guy free.

Of course nothing is that easy, the demon dodged and ran at me, throwing a punch. I ducked it and grabbed his arm. I had to stop myself from actually hurting the body, it didn't belong to the demon and I was hoping the original owner was still in there. 

The demon gasped in shock at my speed and that's when I sent power out through my hands, into his arm which immediately spread out into his body, consuming the dark energy allowing him to be on this plane of existence. I carefully let the man go, he looked at me with wide eyes, thanked me, and beat pavement with his shoes.

I shrugged and looked over at the office building. The fire was huge, destructive. I pulled out my phone to dial 911 for the fire department to come when I heard the high pitched and pain filled scream. Oh crap there is someone in there. I froze for a moment, not sure if I should interfere but I heard the scream again and headed toward and into the building.

Light energy is smart, well sort of. If I want it to do something it just does it. For instance if I wanted to go on a crime spree I could walk around popping time safes open all day long, just by thinking unlock and open when I shoot light energy at it. Even though I have no idea at all how a time safe works. There are some things that are impossible of course, but if light energy can accomplish it, it isn't brain science getting it to work.

So when I walked in the building I just let out the energy, thinking about the fire going out, and to be able to breathe. It was too smoky to see but I had a good bead on where the screams came from and headed that way. I found a woman's body lying on the ground still, so I picked it up and ran out the door, getting back to fresh air.

She didn't look hurt at all, like most fires it is the smoke that gets you most of the time long before the flames reach and burn your body. I shined some energy on her body to heal her. Nothing happened and I noticed her skin turning blue. I touched her body and probed inside her with my energy looking for the problem, and I had healed her lungs, they were perfectly healthy lungs now. 

Problem is she had already suffocated. Light energy can heal and even restore damaged body tissue, but it can't revive a dead person, that was one of the impossible things.

However I didn't need it to, I started CPR on her confident she couldn't have been gone more than a handful of minutes. Within 30 seconds or so her body jumped and she started coughing, trying to fill her repaired lungs with precious oxygen.

She said softly between coughs, even healed the body remembering the trauma, "Thank you, saved me, Sabrina." 

She asked as she passed out, "Who are all the other people?"

I took a good look at her, she was young. Nineteen or so, strawberry blond hair peeked out from behind the soot. She had a soft beautiful face and pale skin. I thought I caught grey eyes looking up at me before she passed back out.

I looked around and it was just me and her here, and my shadow Teri. Unless I counted all the ghosts around us gawking at the smoking building there was no one else. The fire was mostly out but still smoldering. She can see ghosts now?

I heard the sirens and made an impulsive decision, if I left her here for the paramedics they would take her to the hospital, and she would lose it at all the ghosts there and wind up in a Looney bin. Plus I had already healed her. She was probably more healthy right now than ever since the day she was born.

I picked up the attractive young woman and dashed away a couple of blocks. I couldn't exactly check into a hotel this way with an unconscious woman thrown over my shoulder. She didn't have anything on her with an address either, so I put her down on the couch in the lobby and went to check in. 

Once I had my keycard I went up to the room, and then opened a portal to grab my bag at home, then another one to lift Sabrina strait to my room from the couch below.

I put her on the bed, and then took a quick shower to get the smell of smoke off of me. I sat on the chair and turned the television on for the local news. Nothing about the fire yet or people disappearing, I hope there was no city cameras near there or I could be screwed. Not to mention my family if they identify me. I really need to be more careful.

The woman I saved was still sleeping, I wondered how I was going to tell her what happened to her. Something like what happened to my father, if she could see ghosts all the sudden. I couldn't help but stare at her, she was stunning, or I knew she would be when she was cleaned up and in fresh clothes. She was sort of a mess at the moment.

I heard Terri think at me with disgust and suspicion, "Why don't you just take a picture?"

I glared at Teri and ignored her. Okay, so staring at the beautiful woman I rescued while she was sleeping was a bit creepy, I just couldn't help it though, I was tired and getting lost in thought and my eyes just gravitated to her beauty. 

I wasn't going to do anything about it though, without her permission anyway. Fucking angel. I thought about banishing her again for the millionth time. But what's the point, they would just send another, or worse kill me for attacking an angel.

I fell asleep in the chair watching the news...

=============================================

I woke up to the sound of a hair dryer in the bathroom. I looked over and saw she was not in the bed anymore so assumed it was her. I looked up at the television and the news sounded like the normal crap, nothing about a manhunt for someone related to the fire. The fire didn't even make the news yet as far as I could tell. It was about 6am, I had slept a long time in the chair and my neck hurt a bit.

I heard a scream, and the hair dryer hit the wall. I ran into the bathroom, not sure what to expect but worried she was in danger. The first thing I noticed was she was naked, and cleaned up better than I had imagined. The second thing I noticed before covering my eyes and stammering an apology was the ghost of an old woman.

"Sorry, I heard the scream and came in. She is just a ghost, relax, get dressed, and I will explain when you get out here."

She was breathing hard, scared and freaked out. I backed out closing the door as I went, dying to take another look but I managed to control myself. Long years of practice with 20 plus super model aunts no doubt helped me do so.

She walked out a few minutes later in a white hotel robe on. I realized she didn't have any clothes. Feeling stupid I stared her up and down quick and pulled out my phone. Somehow god bless her, Ariel didn't ask me to many questions when I asked her to get a spare outfit from an aunt about Sabrina's size and put them on my bed at home so I could grab them.

Sabrina said suspiciously, "How is that going to help me? And thank you so much for saving my life, but at the risk of sounding ungrateful... Why the hell am I at a hotel with you? And not getting checked out at a hospital or something."

I sighed. Then I explained everything, what I thought happened to her because she was dead for a little while. Why I didn't let the paramedics come for her, that there was nothing wrong with her. Plus what I thought would happen at the hospital because she can clearly see ghosts now.

"So I figured I would bring you here, not knowing your address. Plus I know all about the ghosts, demons, angels, etc... I knew you would have questions."

She asked, "Are you telling me ghosts are watching us all the time? Angels too?" She blushed.

I nodded slowly, "You get used to it. Kind of like ignoring the din in a restaurant and listening to the person you are seated with. Speaking of which are you hungry?"

She shook her head, "Can't go anywhere in a bath robe."

I grinned and ripped a hole in the universe, and grabbed a nice dress and shoes off my bed. Her mouth was hanging open when I closed the hole. I went over and sat down on the bed.

I asked, "So what happened? Do you have any questions?"

I looked her up and down and said, "And most importantly will you go to dinner with me?"

It was the absolute worst time to ask her out on a date, but I couldn't help myself. She was beautiful, and I liked her attitude. Yes she was having a hard time with it, but most would be in shock or screaming right now. She just looked a little wild around the eyes which was a comparatively mild reaction to her circumstances.

She shrugged, "I don't know, I was cleaning the office and wearing head phones. By the time I was able to smell smoke over the strength of the cleaning products and distance from the fire it was too late. I was completely cut off from the exit. Did you see anyone else? My friend Lia was there."

I gasped softly. "No," I said in a soft voice, "Once I found you I stopped looking, I only heard the one scream."

She sat down heavily on the bed. "God, do you think?"

I just shook my head, "I don't see how, the smoke was really bad, unless she hid somewhere. The fire was mostly out when we left."

She put her arms around me and sobbed. I wrapped her in my arms and I felt bad about not looking for her friend, even though she was dead and only had minutes before recovery was impossible. Protective feelings rose in me as I held this beautiful woman. I needed to make sure she would be ok, especially with the changes to her perceptions.

After a while though things shifted, I knew she was naked under the robe and I became painfully aware of it. Her generous C cup breasts were crushed against me and I felt her lips by my neck. Part of me just wanted to comfort this woman and keep her safe, and despite what I knew she had been through the last night I couldn't help the body chemistry that was making me stiffen. 

My feelings were mixed up, I wanted to protect and gently make love to this woman, comfort her in every way that I could. Another part of me, deep instincts, wanted to claim her as mine by throwing her down on the bed and taking her hard. Making her mine to do with as I wanted. 

I would never take an unwilling woman, but the chemistry and my body language must have made my intense attraction apparent to her. I felt her stiffen in my arms slightly, like prey freezing before the hunter. The feelings by instincts could not be denied, or suppressed, but resisting acting on them was easy. I just kept holding her, focusing on the instinct to protect.

I felt her slowly relax, and then she melted against my body and kissed my neck with a low humming moan. I didn't read her mind. I had scoffed at Mina when she did so for privacy's sake, and got burned for her efforts. Why would respecting privacy matter if you open yourself to betrayal? And yet, I just couldn't do it. It just didn't seem right after all that had happened to her to take away her privacy too.
