 Chapter 4 – Rosalia Makes a Choice.

With Sabrina working nights and me hunting during the night our sleep cycle settled into an early am to around noon sleep time. So I woke up about noon to the feeling of a warm set of lips and tongue on my ball sac. My growing length held down against my stomach by Sabrina's silky smooth fingers. I softly moaned as she sucked a ball into her mouth and swirled her tongue around the sac. 

She sent to me, "Good morning love," as she wrapped her lips around the tip of my cock and slowly lowered down on me while swirling her tongue on the bottom of my manhood.

I sent back, "Mmm, very good morning. Your mouth feels amazing love."

She spoiled me with a slow sensual blow job, her hands teasing my balls, taint and sphincter as I lay there decadently and simply enjoyed it. She milked my cock as she bobbed her head up and down on it, pausing every once in a while to swirl her tongue around my sensitive head and suck it slowly all the way into her mouth and down her throat.

I filled her hungry mouth with my load while looking down into her eyes and softly caressing her face. Somehow I had managed to catch this amazing woman and I couldn't figure out how.

She kissed me softly then giggled and whispered, "Now go cook me breakfast."

She was only playing but it's a price I would pay anytime. I got dressed and shuffled out to the kitchen and started breakfast, making some ham omelets and fresh biscuits. Lia seeing it was safe, came into the kitchen and joined us, although only in conversation. Sabrina didn't have to work weekends so I decided the city of Chicago could do without me for a night and we made some plans.

We, or I should say, Sabrina decided we would go out dancing. I of course having grown up with 5 mothers and over 20 aunts knew how so that wasn't an issue. We picked one of the nicer clubs from the list Sally had given me the other day. Sabrina took off for a bit, said she needed a new outfit and I didn't need to come, I think she wanted to surprise me with the finished product.

Lia and I spend a few hours together chatting and she seemed to be opening up more to me, I don't think she has glared at me once all day, including after my wakeup call. I was telling her a bit more about my family, funny stories mostly, just to help her see it is a viable way to live a happy life to have multiple partners. 

Teri was acting weird too. She was standing farther away and actually didn't have storm cloud on her face for once. I noticed for the first time she is actually kind of attractive without that scowl and the nasty comments to ruin it. I dismissed her from my thoughts, still not happy at all with angels in general. 

My life outlook had improved significantly with the addition of Sabrina and Lia since I came to Chicago, but I still didn't like at all the way they took my mother away. I wasn't a mama's boy or anything, but I missed seeing her, she was gone, and until I died I would never see her again.

Lia and I were having fun bantering back and forth and I couldn't resist risking the question.

"So, how are you coming along with the idea of..." I kind of trailed off. She would know what I meant.

She replied, "I imagine you know I talked about it with Sabrina?"

I nodded but said, "Yes, although no details, I don't know what if anything is holding you back?"

She blushed. "It isn't you, I really like... I'm just not sure how I would fit in, or how it would work. Plus I am a ghost, that has to matter doesn't it?"

I said, "Lia, two of my moms are ghosts, it's not weird to me at all, the thought of having one as a mate and partner. To me you are a complex and breathtakingly beautiful woman who I already know has my back, you already risked your soul for me and so far are intensely loyal to our friendship. I would love to have you join Sabrina and I."

She almost glared at me but wound up blushing instead, it must be her way of keeping control or something. Is it wrong that I was disappointed she didn't? Damn I'm a pervert.

I said, "Okay, you probably have questions I don't have the equipment or viewpoint to answer. This might sound strange but how would you like to meet my mother, ask her some questions about how she deals with polyamory, being a ghost and all that as part of a family. That's probably an awkward idea, but they are the only ghosts I know who might be able to answer your questions from experience."

I blushed, honestly. It wasn't like me to try and have my mother fix my problems, or relationships, but she is the only ghost in a polyamory relationship I know and it's not really about me, it's about Lia and questions she might have.

"Honestly though, you can have whatever place you want. It will also give you quite a large extended family to interact with, when my dad first got with Nikki and Marie she pretty much just had the two to talk with period. Of course, that didn't last very long."

She said, "Okay."

Okay? Okay what, which? Then before I could work through it she was straddling over my body, her full sensuous lips conforming to mine as she kissed me. Her generous B cups pressed against my chest as her tongue darted between my lips to explore my mouth. My brain was still playing catch up but my body was reacting to hers. I had her in my arms and I was caressing her back and running my fingers through her long dark hair when my brain finally caught up and I moaned softly between her lips.

I slipped a hand beneath her shirt and caressed her smooth olive skin as I deepened our kiss. Her body rubbed up against mine as she ground her center softly against me. Her body was pliant, reacting to my every touch. Her scent was overwhelming to my senses. I felt surrounded by her sensual heat as her soft hands caressed my face and neck.

I expected the fire of her personality to cross over to the intimate, and it did, but it was not the aggressive, demanding and wild passion I had expected. It was soft passion, a fierce submission as she gave in to her need of me and her need to be one with us. It was an uncompromising and sensuous declaration of giving herself without reservation. 

I opened my link to Sabrina to share the news and felt her love and joy and also a naughty sentiment to have some fun. Who was I to disagree?

She broke the kiss and looked at me, her expressive brown eyes locked with mine showing her lust and need. Her soft sensuous smile grew more confident as she saw my answering look, full of acceptance, lust and joy at her decision. I lifted her in my arms and she wrapped her legs around my torso and her arms around the back of my neck as I carried her to what was now our bed.

With a mischievous grin I caused her clothes to fade, they being a small amount of light energy and I drank in her appearance after carefully lowering her down on the bed. She was absolutely perfect, at least to me. Her curvy body, pouty full lips, beautiful small B cup breasts in perfect proportion to her body, they mesmerized me. I explored her slowly with my hands while I claimed another kiss from my Lia before stripping down and joining her in our bed.

The fire in her personality had been all for the decision, the giving of herself to our polyamory union that was now three, to declare her passion and intense attraction to me. But past that she was gentle in bed, passionate but soft, loving and giving. She melted against me as I lay down beside her. Her body conforming to mine perfectly. 

Her sensitive hardened nipples teasingly brushing my flesh as she softly wrapped her leg around me. Aggressively yielding softness as she sinuously wrapped her body around mine. I fell onto my back as she kissed my neck, her body now above mine. Her whole body rubbed against mine as she arched her back and claimed my hardened manhood with her wet warm core. 

Her head and body rose off mine as she pushed off my chest with her hands. Her back arching as she took me inside her, a soft moan falling from her lips as she smiled in an almost triumphant way now that she had claimed me. I was in heaven, her warmth and the massaging friction felt incredible on my hardened cock. 

Her roaming hands on my chest and stomach and a soft sexy but absolute confidence on her face and in her body as she started to grind on me had me gasping and trying to hold myself back. She was stunning and in absolute control of the encounter as she reveled in the pleasure she both gave and took. 

I was losing control and couldn't hold it, between being our first time, and how much pleasure she was giving me and her sexy confidence I started to lose it. She felt me start to swell inside her so her body froze and winking at me she reached back and pulled down on my ball sac, stopping my orgasm cold. She leaned down and kissed me softly.

She whispered, "Don't worry. When you finally come back from that and fill me with your hot white sticky batter it will be twice as good."

I did manage to hold on after that, while she softly screwed my brains out. She was absolutely amazing the things she did with her hips as she ground against me. I brought her to her pleasure on my manhood twice before she started bouncing up and down like a jackhammer, milking me with each upstroke of her tight wet hot pussy.

She was so sexy staring down into my eyes, her B cups bouncing every time our hips met and crashed together, her face full of ecstasy as I plundered her depths under her spell and total control. She started to tighten around me a third time...

She said, "Now Wade, cum in me now, fill me with your seed."

I lost control as her tightened core milked me hard and fast. I pushed up hard and held her there by her waist as I swelled and filled her with my batter.

When my orgasm stopped my back straitened and we fell to the bed, she leaned down and kissed my neck then my lips.

"My god. That was incredible Rosalia."

She sighed in contentment in my ear, "Mmm, I like that, my full name falling from your lips."

We stayed that way for a while, my manhood caught in her warm center. We gave soft kisses and caresses and just lay there in each other's arms for a while. 

I needed to get up and jump in the shower. I headed into the kitchen to get dinner started, Sabrina should be back soon from shopping and I couldn't wait to see what kind of sexy outfit she bought for our night out.

I noticed Teri didn't follow us in the bedroom earlier and right now I can feel her right outside the kitchen door, what the hell? She usually never leaves the room I am in. She also hasn't found anything to snipe at me about all day, which is unusual. Could she be trying to give me privacy? Nah, probably just didn't want to watch me get lucky again. After all she can tell if I go monster and on a rampage from a room away right?

I timed things pretty well, just taking the food out when Sabrina walked in with some shopping bags. She walked up to me and gave me a long kiss. I smiled when she walked over to Lia and pulled her into a soft slow sensuous kiss. When she broke off the kiss Lia looked breathless.

Sabrina said, "About time hon," then giggled. "I'm glad you decided to take the plunge."

Her words were joking but the feeling behind them was not. We had a good dinner and then got ready for a night out, which means I threw on some decent clothes and waited. It was so worth the wait though.

She came out in low heels for dancing but a flowing red skirt to right above her knees and a creamy blouse that brought out her strawberry blonde hair. She looked great.

We had a great time dancing and had a few drinks, it was nice to unwind for a bit and have fun away from the grim business of demons and fires. Lia couldn't exactly dance with one of us, but she did with both of us as a trio and she still had a fun time. She flirted with us both a lot and got quite naughty about it, quite confident that only the two of us could see her at all.

It was only when we got home that I saw the rest of her ensemble, a beautiful matching bra and panty set, red and lacy. When we got to bed we discovered something else the three of us could do together...

=================================================

The weekend went quickly and soon enough it was Monday morning and I showed up at the fire house. The fire chief, Harry Walters, interviewed me before letting me in the class. Turns out the cop from that night did pass along his story and one of the fire fighters recognized my name.

He was suspicious at first, but soon enough started to be friendly. I could only guess he was a good judge of it, people like that, working with fire fighters for a lot of years. After that he introduced me in, since I was late, and my training began.

The next couple of weeks were stolen moments with Sabrina with her working nights and me training days. I missed her a lot but we still kept in touch with the connection during our coinciding waking hours. But that didn't last long, once the training was done I went back to my old night schedule, had my scanner for fire calls with me while I hunted. 

I did spend a lot of time with Lia those two weeks. She was gentle and loving in bed, but also a lusty wicked little thing. She loved to get me in public knowing others couldn't see her. It wasn't unusual for her to sneak in a restaurant while I was having lunch with the guys from class and suck me off under the table. While I had to struggle not to show it and keep up with conversation, it wasn't easy.

Once I passed the course I didn't have to be at the firehouse much, just show up at the fires themselves a certain percentage of the time. As volunteers they expected you to have a real job, mine just happened to be hunting demons at night.

The thing with Teri just got weirder, I hardly saw her at all anymore. I could always feel her energy though and knew she was close enough to watch mine, but most of the time she was in a different room if she could help it. I also didn't hear one sniping comment in my head the two weeks of training, which was shocking because I did a few stupid things during training and I was sure she had to bite her lip to hold back.

So two weeks later I was back on my night hunt, Monday night and my scanner on my hip at a low sound level since my hearing was slightly stronger than normal. Lia was with me and keeping watch. She knew this was serious and certainly wasn't going to distract me when I was hunting, my life depended on it. This was a good thing because even just the thought of her usual flirty self was distracting enough as it was.

She glared at me and said, "Pay attention. Idiota..."

I pulled her to me and kissed her senseless, releasing her as she started to pant in my mouth a little.

She panted out, "What was that for?"

I grinned cheekily, "I figured out you only glare at me when you want to fuck my brains out but want to control the feeling. So... Your glare really turns me on."

She blushed and then snorted. "Pay attention!"

"Oh, I am, just not to what I should be." I looked her up and down slowly then sighed, "Okay, I can be good now. Maybe..."

I opened my senses and there was nothing near so we decided to move on to the next strip of bars and clubs in the city. Halfway there is when my scanner went off. Fire in the business district. I took off at a full out run, knowing I could make the mile and a half in a little over a minute.

I didn't sense any demons nearby so I kept running another few blocks, then slowly jogged back as I heard the sirens. I could claim to have come from the club up the street. I knew I had to be careful being the first on scene too many times. No demon, I had to let the building burn a bit longer. I felt bad about it, but knew if I was first responder too many times it would put suspicion on me, true or not.

It took about an hour to put the fire out, I jogged up to the engine and grabbed a set of gear and did my thing. No one was hurt and it turned out to be just a natural fire from bad electrical work. I wanted to look around some more but couldn't be anti-social either, the rest of my team wanted to head to a diner for some food after. Jimmy, Faith, Tim, Mike and I all headed to grab some grub.

We sat down and ate some food and just talked. I found out though, Lia gets really turned on watching me fight a fire. She was very distracting, every once in a while hopping on my lap and kissing my neck and ears. She was taking what I thought was an inordinate amount of pleasure in watching me struggle to stay focused. Once the early morning after fire meal was over I said I had to go and took my fiery little hot thing and ripped a portal to the bedroom at the first sign of privacy.

I was so keyed up and turned on I was planning to ravage her but I was too slow, she was already on her knees and taking my hard cock in her wet eager mouth. I didn't even feel her unzip me. Just felt wet bliss surrounding my girth and an eager moan of lust from below. 

Sabrina walked in on us, me sitting at the end of the bed with Lia kneeling on the floor, my manhood completely enveloped in her mouth and throat. She smiled and gave me a breath stealing kiss before pushing me on my back. I watched Sabrina sensuously strip down in front of me while I felt Lia do amazing things with her throat, tongue and lips on my burning hot tool.

Once Sabrina was naked she gave me a lust filled look and climbed up on top of me and pushed her hot core in my face. I teased her labia with soft licks until I couldn't wait to taste her heat anymore and invaded her silken folds to lick deep within her, claiming her honey from within. I moaned softly at the taste of her combined with the feel of Lia now brutally fucking my hardness with her throat.

I screamed out as my balls tightened, Sabrina's wonderful taste muffling my cry as I unloaded between Lia's soft full lips as they hugged my rigid girth. As I came down from my orgasm I redoubled my efforts on pleasuring Sabrina with my eager tongue. I felt her reach back and touch the base of my cock and shoot some light energy into it. I sensed through our link that Sabrina and Lia were communicating through theirs.

It seems Sabrina had learned another talent with her small ability with energy because my slowly shrinking manhood hardened again. I groaned into her hot warmth as her satisfaction dripped onto my face, her back now arched on my tongue, her body quivering in ecstasy.

As Sabrina was experiencing her height Lia climbed up on the bed and slid herself down, engulfing my rejuvenated tool into her warm wet pussy. Delicious wet friction against my cock as her puffy wet silken folds and wet warm walls conformed tightly around my girth along my entire length as our bodies came together.

I could hear Lia's soft expressions of pleasure falling from her lips as she started to rock up and down and grind on my manhood. My cock twitched as I heard the unmistakable sound of the two beautiful women, my mates, start to kiss passionately and sloppily over me as I pleasured both their holes. I assumed they were in communication over the link, to direct this little show, because as one they lifted off me and switched positions.

I could still taste Sabrina on my lips as I dipped my tongue into Lia's folds and teased her clit. I could taste evidence of my own batter from earlier that she had claimed off my manhood. I gasped as I felt my hard cock enveloped for a moment in Sabrina's wet warm mouth, claiming the taste of Lia mixed with mine as she groaned in lust and satisfaction. 

Then nothing as I felt the anticipation, waiting, until I felt the blessed heat of Sabrina's core as her swollen pussy lips eagerly parted to claim my pleasure within her center. I once again heard the passionate kisses from above as Lia reached rapture and filled my mouth with her silken juice, her taste mixing with Sabrina's in my mouth.
