 Chapter 7 – Sabrina gets a power boost.

"Oh god that feels so good," I breathed out.

I was sitting on the edge of the couch in the living room, Lisa on her knees between my legs...

We had moved into the house, 6 bedrooms, but all 4 of us sleeping on the California king size bed we got for the master bedroom. Despite the size we were still all tangled together. I sure as hell wasn't complaining about it. Although we did get a little room to spread in our sleep, once we were out for the night Lia usually slipped out since she doesn't sleep. 

That's usually when she checks on her quickly growing business in sex toys and machines. There were already a lot of places like that but there was also a lot of demand, she seemed to be enjoying herself and I was only aware enough to sign anything needed signing, she ran it all though.

Lisa fit in well, she was a mix of powerful vampire woman and submissive vulnerability for what had happened in her past. We were all under her watchful gaze, needful or not. God help the being that tried to get one of us. Even if I didn't need the help.

All of us were gentle with her in bed, not to say we didn't get a little rough rutting on occasion, slamming into her hard from behind, or below, or above... But no pain/pleasure for her, we knew it brought up bad memories of torture so it was left alone through unspoken agreement. I left the tying up and spankings for Lia, and occasionally Sabrina. They didn't mind in the least. 

Lisa also loved the effect her body had on me, all of them did really, but Lisa had the large D cup breasts and she enjoyed giving me what I wanted that the others really couldn't and what I was so grateful for.

So here I was on the edge of the couch, Lisa stroking my cock between her held together and lubed up tits. Sucking or licking the tip as it peaked out from her glorious cleavage. Staring up into my eyes with love and submissiveness, clearly hot over the effect she was having on me.

She spoke at almost a whisper, her voice low and sultry, "Do you like that, my big silky tits encasing and pleasing your hard cock in my cleavage? You feel so good sliding in and out of my slutty dirty tits."

God I loved this woman. 

How could I not when she so clearly was doing this and enjoying it, just because it gave me pleasure. Oh, I'm sure she enjoyed the stimulation on her sensitive breasts, but I know she would like it somewhere else better.

Not being able to stop myself I start to push up and thrust my cock between her breasts. She smiles and holds them there for me as I saw my hips quickly upward, fucking her tits. Between watching my length run between them, the incredible stimulation on my cock from these soft globes of flesh and the fuck me look in her eyes I exploded. I launched ropes of my white sticky seed hitting her chin and neck then dripping back down on to her generous breasts.

Then I watched her with my weak legs and the echoes of ecstasy in my body as she started to lick my batter off her own breasts. I knew exactly how spoiled I was with the woman in my life, that's why I don't complain when they dragged me along to shop for furniture.

As she licked my cum off and wiped up with fingertips what she couldn't reach with her tongue, only to suck it off her fingers I knew how hot she was and I needed to put out that fire. I zapped my cock with some light energy since Sabrina wasn't around to do it and Lisa smiled in anticipation when I moved back from the edge of the couch and pulled her up on top of me.

She lowered herself down and impaled herself on my reinvigorated manhood, pushing her breasts in my face. I took a nipple in my mouth as she started bouncing on my hardness. Although it was cleaned off I could still taste the salty taste of my semen as I pleasured the hardened nipple with my tongue.

Lia walked in and up to us, her clothes disappearing as she pushed her body up against Lisa's. Lisa slowed her bounce and started grinding on my cock instead as Lia got on her knees. Lia started to pleasure Lisa's dark hole with her tongue as she snaked a hand under her legs to tease my balls. 

After Lisa had her first intense orgasm Lia got up on the couch and stood on the cushions, putting her ready core in front of my face. I smiled when I thought how much work it was keeping everyone satisfied.

I slouched a bit as Lisa started bouncing on my cock again, her warm wet core wrapping my length in pleasure. Lisa's face was almost brushing Lia's ass with each stroke of her body on my hard cock. I reached around Lia and grabbed that tight little bubble butt with both hands and pulled her silken folds against my mouth. 

My tongue darting out and violating her folds and licking deeply into her as I looked up into her sultry lust filled brown eyes. My control was being tested severely as I ate my Rosalia out while Lisa's magically controlled core did amazing things to my hard length. I slipped a finger inside Lia to lube it up then teased it into her ass while slipping my thumb in her honey pot.

I was determined to let them both orgasm before me, and it was a close thing as Lia started to grind her hot warmth against my face as I filled both her holes with my fingers. She arched her back and cried out her hot juice flowing down my chin and arm as I held her body upright and she trembled on my fingers. 

It was almost with relief I felt Lisa contract around my invading flesh, my girth almost immediately swelling and exploding into her heat as she milked my manhood.

We were sitting on the couch naked. Lia and Lisa on either side of me, their bodies leaning into mine and their legs entangled above mine. We were absently stroking each other's bodies while talking about what else we needed to do inside and outside the house when Sabrina walked in and took us in with a smile.

At least she was smiling until Lia said in a sultry voice, "She hasn't been satisfied yet today..."

We all got up to chase her as she shrieked playfully and made a run for it. We caught her in short order and we pleasured her ruthlessly with 3 mouths and 6 hands and numerous products Lia was testing until she was a pile of satiated, exhausted and smiling goo before us...

====================================

I was doing better on the anger front, I wasn't mad at my family anymore, or my mother. Just sad about the situation. I was even getting along with Teri, mostly. If you could consider her staying mostly out of reach getting along. 

My home life was amazing, but I realized we were all still in the honeymoon phase, there would be problems in the future. But hopefully with the commitment of the four of us we will get through whatever problems arise.

After all most fights are between two people, that leaves the rest of the family to hold things together, where normally with two they would just keep falling apart. It seemed to work with my parents anyway, and I knew they were still active so to speak. So I wasn't too worried about the sex drying up anytime soon.

Sex is just a small part of it, but it is the indicator in my opinion. It is the expression of love and commitment we hold to each other, so it is important as it mirrors the health of the overall relationship. I knew I didn't have to worry about it for a while though. I was focused on everything going right, and on being there if I was needed, even if it was to shop or something equally heinous to my manly sensibilities.

I had put out another fire last night with my power, this time however I did not release the person who lit it. Apparently the demon I burned out of him found an arsonist to join with. He was messed up, I also erased the part that I showed up and put out the fire from his mind. 

I did not go so far back he wouldn't remember setting it though. I had knocked the guy out with light energy. Hopefully it would look like he passed out, and then I left. 

I went back after the fire trucks and police showed up, helped with cleanup. Jimmy went over the site, and when he looked at me he knew I was here earlier. His face was filled with suspicion and distrust. I felt kind of sad about it, I had lost a friend and it was my fault for letting him see in my world. I knew most humans couldn't handle it.

So I was a little surprised when I heard the knock on the door and answered it only to find Jimmy at the door waiting.

"Come in," I said, tentative confusion in my voice.

He said in a neutral voice, "We need to talk."

I nodded and turned to go to the kitchen.

I said over my shoulder, "Want a beer or something?"

I leaned down in the fridge and grabbed two beers at his grunt. I was stupid for not reading him, but I really didn't want to feel his disgust and fear, how much I freaked him out. So it was for selfish reasons I didn't question his arrival at my house enough to read him. However I wasn't the only mind reader, and despite rules of non interference Teri's panicked voice entered my head.

"Look out!"

I spun around with the beers in my hands, right in time to get shot in the chest instead of the back...

=======================================

I woke up, my head hurt a bit. Maybe I hit it in the fall after getting... Wait. My chest felt fine, I touched it with my hand and it didn't hurt. How?!

I opened my eyes and looked up. Groaning at the pain of it. Then I felt a finger at my head and it cleared, the pain lifting. Once my sight cleared I looked up into Sabrina's beautiful tear filled grey eyes.

Her voice cracking she said, "Are you okay love?"

I grunted, "I feel fine, I could have sworn I was shot in the chest."

She nodded, the tears running down her beautiful face. "I healed you."

My brow furrowed and I said, "Wow, I didn't think you had enough power for that."

She shook her head and said, "I don't, I mean didn't."

I could feel her worrying about me, but also wanting me to look and see what was going on, so I did. I looked into Sabrina's mind and saw... Raw light energy, a huge connection. I think she was stronger than my dad now, which could be a problem since her body wasn't built for it, no more so than my dad's. Not like Mina's, Ariel's and my body, where we were born with the power as a part of us.

"You'll have to be careful baby, your body wasn't meant for so much power and energy, but it shouldn't be a huge issue if you're careful. My father went through something similar when one of his mates was threatened. The power broke through in a huge torrent. Looks like you are already doing better than him, my dad passed out for a full day after it almost killed him."

I was actually really impressed. She had total control over it. Of course she had the smaller amount a lot longer than my father did so she had time to learn and work with it. I think my dad's breakthrough was less than 24 hours after he first got his energy.

"Now you will just have to learn how do different things, the little ones are always more complicated, so it shouldn't be hard. You can even just delve into my mind if you want love, pull out what I know. Of course then you'll find out how pathetically smitten I am with you, but I'll risk it."

I was hoping that would cheer her up, but she still looked worried.

"What's wrong honey?" I asked.

She said quietly, "I healed you, but Jimmy took off, so he might come back. I can't... I don't want to go through that again. We almost lost you excepting a quirk of fate."

Yeah, almost dying wasn't a good thing, but I was unconscious for most of it and not all that scared.

I heard Teri say, "I will watch for him and warn you if I sense him. Angels can sense humans, I won't let him sneak up on you again."

I was a little confused at this protectiveness from the formerly scorn filled angel but I wasn't going to argue.

"Thank you Teri," Sabrina said with heartfelt relief.

I smiled and nodded to her, let her read my thanks before closing my mind back up. Except for the links to Lia and Sabrina of course. My protections had been down when I was... Unconscious and dying. I wished I could set one up with Lisa, but dark energy was something I couldn't work with, and she couldn't have mine in her body either.

I honestly didn't know what to do with Jimmy, I needed to somehow get him off the Wade is evil bandwagon and explain things to him. Sabrina wasn't happy but it's not like I could call the police for attempted murder, but don't worry because my mate healed me. When Lia and Lisa got back to the house they weren't happy either. I made them promise to leave Jimmy alone.

Most ghosts were fairly harmless. They were unable to hurt a human being. Those in my family though were a different story, with the energy they received from those of us with light energy. Well, they would be very effective assassins if they were so inclined. The look on Lia's face was a little disturbing. Although I had to admit I loved how fierce she was about protecting me too.

===========================================

I had to suck it up, it was driving me crazy. Lia was a ghost, if she got hit by dark energy I could cleanse her soul with my light energy. Lisa a bad ass despite looking like a goddess and wearing dresses out to hunt, after all she took down my ass easy enough. But Sabrina... She could be hurt, easily. I knew I could too, and my father and sisters, but I had grown up fighting with them.

Sabrina's play had done their last curtain call last night, and she had decided to come along and hunt with us. I was worried about her getting hurt, and I knew I had to get over it. At least I was smart enough not to argue, she was pretty tough actually and could bring an insane amount of power for at least a short time relatively safely.

She wasn't a fragile flower but I had to resist the urge to wrap her up and take her home where she belongs. Yes, meet the nephilim cave man. Line up for a view. At least I knew how ridiculous it was and fought it, even made fun of myself for it, but my instincts were not happy to say the least.

Perversely, when she blew her first demon away about an hour ago it was incredibly hot and turned me on big time. For a while I wanted to take her home for an entirely different reason. I started to feel better about things though once the night got along. After all she had the three of us to protect her. Really, all of us protecting each other in love and loyalty. In the end that's what it was all about.

Teri was confusing me as well. I knew she didn't hate me anymore but she was supposed to just watch and not interfere. And certainly not protect my life with a warning when I was at the fridge, or a promise to watch out for Jimmy to protect my life and reassure one of my mates. Guilt maybe? A way to earn her forgiveness for herself? 

I also realized she could get away with the warning because I technically was not human. The rules were not to interfere with humans. I felt a little better at the possible explanation and let it drop from my mind.

As I watched Lia's cute ass shake while we walked I felt dark energy, but not a demon. It felt familiar so I took off in that direction. I felt it running strait to me so I slowed and let everyone gather just in case. I smiled as I saw Sally come into view but it fell from my face when I saw her worried tears and a desperate look on her face. I checked quickly for control spells thinking it could be a trap but she was clean of influencing magic.

Sally said barely coherent, "Justin, necromancers took Justin. I tried to break him out, I have 5 of them on my tail now, I barely... Escaped."

That's when I felt them run for us, I spared a glance to make sure Sabrina had the vampire light energy shield going that I taught her and then they were among us. Sabrina and I carefully burned out their energy with our shields as they attacked us and went down. The one that attacked Lisa went down hard, unconscious. Is it wrong that my cock twitched a bit?

We had them low enough on energy they were helpless but not entirely inanimate. I wanted to leave enough energy for Mina to read, so we could easily pinpoint any bad ones. Plus they were still conscious enough to talk. I burned the controls off of one of them carefully without impacting the raw dark energy a vampire needs to function.

I opened a microscopic portal to ask for Mina's help in vampire screening and she said she would be here soon. Then I turned on the vampire I burned the controls out of.

"Sally, you have any questions for this one? I burned the controls out, so she can answer honestly if you do. I assume you know where he and the necromancer's place are already?"

Sally shook her head and said, "I know where he is... I... I just need help to free him from the spells and get him out. I can't do it alone. The spells made him... Attack me."

I nodded, "We will help you. Let's get this sorted out first though."

Mina came through a portal, she looked really cute. Her stomach was way out there with her being pregnant with twins and such a small petite body. She waddled over to me and glared at my grin.

"What?" I innocently asked.

She snorted and looked at the vampires. Her eyes showed sorrow as she completely destroyed one of the bodies, turning to me she said, "The rest of these can be saved. Drop them off at my house or dad's, I can't carry them."

"Thanks Mina," I said with a twinkle in my eyes. Lisa and I grabbed two each and dropped them through a portal to Mina's basement.

She just shook her head and sent, "Don't you remember what happened last time you teased me. When you're knee deep in children I will get my revenge."

I grinned at her and said we would stop by soon to visit as she took off through the portal.

We made a brief plan, I would do what I could for others, maybe even stop the necromancers but this was about saving Justin, and stealth made the most sense. There was an underground exit to the lair by where the vampire cages were and we were going to turn it into an entrance.

I asked, "We ready?"

Everyone was, so I ripped a portal to a place close by to where Sally said they were, in the north suburbs of Chicago in a mansion. I reminded myself that there would probably be thirteen of them, or at least that was how many the mansion Mina invaded a while back. This could go badly if we weren't careful.

The entrance or exit as it was had a spell trap. I could see it, but wasn't sure if I could knock it out with light energy before it did what it was supposed to do... Whatever that was? It was complicated looking and I wished we had asked questions of the other vampires, perhaps they would have known?

It seemed to be set around the latch and they looked to be normal storm cellar doors...

I used light energy to cut the hinges on both sides, then Lisa got one side and I got the other and we lifted the doors right off, still connected, and put them on the ground. The spell didn't do anything since the latch and doors were still connected. 

We took the stairs down and followed a long tunnel that lead toward the mansions grounds. I used a bit of energy for light, just a trickle that I would gain back faster than I used. It took us a good 10 minutes to go the mile or so length of the tunnel. At the other end there was a metal door, this one didn't have a spell on it and only a key lock.

Light energy made short work of the lock and we had the door open and warily entered what appeared to be a cellar made over into a torture chamber. I looked over to Sally.

"Which way?"

She replied, "They should all be locked up in that room over there."

She pointed at one of the two doors in the room, presumably the other door led upstairs. The vampires shouldn't be a problem except they could yell about the intruders, so I knew we had to hit them hard and knock them all out fast. Problem with that of course, is they would detect the usage of light energy if we used a lot of it, even if they weren't actively sensing for it.
