 Chapter 4 – Polyamory for me!?

I woke up and my whole body was sore, it was time to get up for class and my body felt abused and I was exhausted from Kristi's attentions last night. She eventually was gentle and loving but we fucked a lot before we got there, and I wouldn't change a second, but my body is a wreck right now.

I do what I try not to, preferring natural sleep, it's healthier. But I couldn't do class like this. I filled my body with dark energy to heal my sore muscles and revitalize myself, a few seconds of accelerated healing and revitalization and I felt fresh like I'd slept hours.

I was also a little sad I no longer felt sore, I kind of like being sore the next day, as a reminder of the night before. But I had no choice this morning. Way too sore and way too tired.

I kissed Kristi who had stayed in bed with me all night, despite not being able to sleep, and had held me as I slept.

"I have to run, but we need to talk later, I need help I think. I never really thought about polyamory, or love. I was always too damaged. Do I even want that? Can I have a healthy relationship with one partner that is a ghost even if I am madly in love with you?

"STOP!" she said.

She continued in a normal voice, "Stop stressing, we can talk about it later, but just so you know I am happy either way, as long as I get my love from you and can love you back I am good. So this is all about what you want, I can see how it would be awkward having a spouse no one but your family can see. So... Later!"

"Damn your hot when you get all bossy. Can we play Ariel the sub slut later?" I asked, only halfway teasingly, I was really turned on. 

I didn't really want any more pain than the medium strength spanks of last night, not to mention the vibrator attack, but her being in charge? Hot.

She snorted and waved me off.

I smiled and kissed her again, then headed off to the shower to get ready.

=================================

I got there a little later than usual, but found Maddy and she was holding me a seat so I headed straight over. She looked a little better so I thought I would risk it.

I asked, "Hey, you ok? Any news?"

She shrugged and said, "Not sure, the doctors are running tests again, they don't know what's going on. They think my mom might have gone into remission, but I won't believe it until the tests come back. It would hurt too much..."

She sort of trailed off but I knew what she meant, if she accepted hope it would hurt that much worse if they were wrong about it. Of course I couldn't say anything, I never could, even if she found out I have certain abilities...

"Well I'll hope for the best for you. I understand why you're leery. It can't be easy."

I squeezed her hand, not wanting to do more in a classroom full of our peers. Not because I didn't want them to know about us, but because I didn't want to embarrass her and advertise her pain. I felt a lot better knowing it was taking affect. I didn't see a need to go spy on her mother's progress either. It appeared to be working fine.

Class was long and boring, I offered her a quick coffee before she split and she agreed. I just wanted a few minutes with her before she went back where she belonged for now, especially not knowing what I know. I felt a little guilty keeping her in the dark but so happy that I stepped in to fix it. It was just too complicated to tell anyone, I didn't even tell my mother that part of things.

I bought her a coffee and we talked as I walked her to the car.

"Call me if you need anything?" I asked.

She nodded slowly. "I will, but I think I just need time. I do want to see you again once matters... Settle."

"Don't worry about that. Just be with your mom. I'll be here."

She said softly, "Thanks Ariel, I'll see you in lab tomorrow. I was going to skip it but... My mom refuses to let this affect my college classes."

She kissed my cheek then got in the car and drove away. I couldn't help but smile a little, the corners pulling on my mouth. I felt bad she had to be sad right now, but I knew it wouldn't last. Another few hours or a day at most and the doctors would have the test results.

=======================================

My sister Mina had left town to go to college, but really she was focused on building a loving polyamory family like she grew up in. Wade too thought about it, even if he never planned it and just kind of fell into it. I never thought about it until now, my heart to messed up for a long time to even consider the love and commitment polyamory required. The idea was so far away from my reality I just never considered it until now.

Now I am in love with a crazy ghost that wears all the latest fashions and wakes me up with rough sex. And I like Maddy a lot. Strong, confident woman that she is, I find her beautiful as well. I listed my choices in my head. I can commit to a ghost, after all we will both be here close to forever, I won't have to watch my lover grow old and die.

On the other hand, I will never have close to a normal life, and the partner sharing it would be imperceptible to the world at large. Having a live human would surely go a long way to normality. Plus I don't want to give up Maddy, and what if I find someone else as well? Do I push them all away?

The last option is one I would never consider, which is keeping my ghost a secret. I could never do that though. I love Kristi too much for that, if I have more than one mate she will be known, and be the first to vote to expand our current two person family.

That's why I needed Kristi's help. It would be too easy to take option one. Lose myself in Kristi and give up on a possibly love filled and much richer life. Because it would be safer. A part of me knows I need to choose option two, but it scares the crap out of me. I saw what dad was like when those angelic bastards took Nikki away, I don't think I could have dealt with it.

But then I am stronger now than I was a month ago, perhaps by the time it came up I could deal with it. I don't know. Of course if I just choose vampires, angels and ghosts there is a much better chance of not having to deal with it. But the thought of excluding Maddy because she is human and can only live at most another 80 years... Makes me feel like a coward.

I found Kristi in my room. She smiles at me when I come in.

She said softly, her voice full of tenderness that I never heard before, "You know I've known a lot longer than you. I've been in love with you a day less than I've known you. I was just waiting for you to catch up. You had a lot of pain to deal with. I also know you care about Maddy. It's the only way you would have acknowledged how you felt about me."

I raised my eyebrow in question.

She continued, "Well it's pretty simple actually, you didn't feel anything for the girls you dated before, just didn't connect even if you slept with them, not on a deep emotional level. So you never felt like you were cheating on me before, which meant no guilt."

Am I really that damaged? I couldn't tell I loved her until I felt guilt for liking someone else?

She shook her head and I raised my eyebrow.

She said, "I can't read your mind but I know you so well. No you are not that damaged, you were just that closed up. I think you are pretty much healed. You just need to learn to open up again. You got too used to hiding so no one would add to your pain. Besides, you showed me every day that you loved me, a crazy ghost. You just didn't admit it to yourself or feel it, but you lived it anyway.

"A broken person wouldn't care about me. They wouldn't study spell forms constantly to make sure next time there was trouble you could protect your family. They wouldn't violate the cardinal rule and run off half cocked to heal someone. A broken person wouldn't worry about a truce with evil. That your family stays behind just because they are safe with those they love. 

"You demand more of yourself than that, you feel that saying we can't save the whole world is just a cop out, a way to say good enough and just live with your family, and save the runaways to salve your consciences. Now don't get me wrong, your family are good people, they just feel like they are doing enough. They don't feel the way you do about it, they truly believe they are doing enough, and maybe they are for them. You don't though, I know it.

"A broken person wouldn't worry about their family growing old, they would just move listlessly into eternity with their long lifespan and screw everyone else, they are all going be dead soon anyway. So no, I don't see a broken person, I see a person who was hurt and closed up, yet still worries about more people and more things than the rest of your family does. 

"You are afraid because you know how strong you love, how much you already do care. You worry about the inevitable pain that will result from that. Mostly because of some pimple faced fuck wad little boy that made your life hell for five months because he couldn't keep his mouth shut.

"I see a woman of strength, power and beauty. God help the world of necromancers when you open up that closed door baby."

I wasn't sure about all she just said, I still felt plagued by questions, all the ones she had listed. How does that make me powerful or strong? 

I did know my queue when I saw it though, it was up to me to stomp the moment this time.

"Where is my crazy slut angel and who are you?" I asked faux suspicion in my voice.

Kristi totally lost it and threw her head back and cackled, then winked at me.

"I love you too baby," I said softly

"Umm, I didn't tell anyone, how did you know about the healing thing?"

She snorted. "Remission? Well done on subtle but still obvious to anyone that knows you."

I grinned and gave her a big kiss. Option two it is, if anyone is crazy enough to join this crazy ghost and I.

I kissed her again, this one a little more serious as I started stripping her clothes off...

===================================

"You should tell her," Kristi said.

I was breathing hard, my orgasm incredible, and she hadn't even twisted a nipple. That was the most loving and gently Kristi had ever been, and it was beyond amazing.

I asked stupidly, "Tell who I just had the most amazing fucking orgasm of my life?" No other subject made sense to me at the moment.

Kristi giggled at my one track mind. "Tell Maddy about polyamory, introduce your family. See what she thinks. If she doesn't run for the hills and likes the idea, then show her the rest."

I asked mischievously, "Can I tell her about the or... Umph," I got cut off by a pillow attack!

I giggled. "What?"

"Umph," I cried out as she hit my stomach with the pillow again.

"Okay, I'll tell her. Hopefully she will have good news by lab time. Otherwise it's going to have to wait. She won't leave her mom's side right now. Are you sure about the other news? If I tell her she will be most happy to make your aqu.. Umpffff."

========================================

Tuesday morning I woke up sore again, but pleasantly so. The kind of sore that sends tingles to my core a bit when I remember how I got that way. I got up and jumped in the shower. The hot water felt wonderful and I thought about extending my shower but I didn't want to be late. I wore nice clothes today, long black skirt with a white pattern and a dark sweater.

I was feeling good about the day and wanted to reflect it in how I dressed. No simple jeans for me today. When Kristi saw what I was wearing she raised an eyebrow.

I said with a soft teasing smile, "At risk of being hit by a pillow, yes, it was that damn good."

I kissed Kristi breathless then whispered, "I'm going to need to pleasure you later."

I don't know what got into me this morning but I was truly happy and feeling frisky. I practically pranced from the room. I felt her eyes on me as she watched my tight little ass shake to the door.

In truth it was more than the orgasm last night, or the wonderfully sore feeling in my body. Today just felt right. I headed out the door with my usual coffee and this time a blueberry muffin. I didn't know how I knew, except it was logical, but when I walked into the lab and saw Maddy's smiling face I wasn't in the least surprised. I smiled back at her and finished off my coffee quickly and put it on the side.

I smiled and asked the obvious, "Good news?"

Maddy replied, "She is in full remission, the doctors don't understand it at all. But there is no doubt anymore she is getting better."

I said, "Wonderful news."

She said, "Want to celebrate with me a bit tonight? I missed seeing you but just..."

I said, "I'd love to. Dinner and some drinks?"

She nodded. "Sounds good, bar and grill in town?"

Sounded perfect to me so I nodded, "five?"

She told me that sounded fine and we got down to doing actually labs for our class. I was enjoying the glances I was getting. Maybe I needed to retire my jeans all together if this would be the result. I felt content really, like things were coming together for me. I should have been warier. I had forgotten fate is a bitch.

===========================================

It was just about 5 when I showed up, more or less. After class I had kept my promise to Kristi and brought her to ecstasy several times to my intense enjoyment. They differences in sex with my ghost were many and varied with love clearly in the picture. I smiled softly to myself, I hadn't even called her a slut once...

I might have lost track of time a little, let's just say I took a very fast shower and ran out the door after quickly getting dressed and putting on makeup. I was forced to cheat again with my hair. I didn't have time to blow or style. So it may have been closer to 5:15 when I walked in the bar and grill and found Maddy sitting at a table waiting.

"Sorry I'm late," I said repentantly while taking my seat. 

She waved it away and said, "No problem, I've only been here a few minutes myself."

She looked me over approvingly, I guess I didn't do too bad for a rush job getting ready. She was looking damn sexy herself. We ordered some food and talked about her family for while. Her little brother and her dad. 

Her father apparently worked long hours for the overtime, struggling to keep up with the healthcare costs and supporting his family. Her little brother was a bit of a pain lately, but would hopefully settle down some when his mom got out of the hospital. That would happen soon, there was nothing they could really do to help anyway as she was back on solid foods and didn't need the IV anymore.

I told some funny stories about Wade and Mina but left my parents out of it for now. I wanted her to see polyamory in action while explaining it to her. It went to the picture is worth a thousand words idea, I hoped she would be able to accept it but that was really the best I option I thought. I did warn her though when I invited her to meet my family, so she wouldn't be totally surprised.

"Would you come by the house? I know my family wants to meet you, just keep in mind my family is a little different than most. Try to keep an open mind."

She raised her eyebrow a bit but agreed not to close her mind off without learning about things first. I was having a great day, and I was extremely confident this would be fine. I didn't love Maddy yet, this was only the second date. This was just a run by to make sure she was okay with the concept. I didn't expect an issue, but knew I would get over it even if it hurt a bit. But really I didn't see anything going wrong.

We finished up dinner and she held my hand on the way over to the house. This would be interesting, Mia now looked her age, which was forty five, my father looked twenty six, and my mom looked barely eighteen. I realized she couldn't meet my mother until she knew about our other... Abilities. Not even mentioning Pia and Marie, who she would never see without the help of some energy.

Apparently my parents had thought this through as well, since only Mia and Dad met us. Maddy looked a little surprised at the younger man, trying to work out how a girl in her third year of college had a dad that looked just a few years older than her. I was starting to think I should have just told her about polyamory, and then introduced my family for the magic reveal if it went well.

Looking around I saw lots of things that just didn't make sense, even for someone with an open mind who was expecting something different. I had just grown so used to it I didn't think about it anymore. We talked for a bit then I took a very startled looking Madison to my room. 

I was trying to think of a way to explain it all in one shot and not have her run for the door. Explaining both polyamory and my multi-being family was way too much new information to take in at once. Just the fact there are angels, vampires and ghosts alone are overwhelming, add in they are your new girlfriend's mothers in a polyamory relationship and it was time for crazy town. 

Shit, I really didn't think this take her home thing through. All I was thinking about was the feeling of love and family involved.

I should have mentioned my plan to Kristi, she probably would have pointed out the obvious and I would have had a relatively easier single step explanation of polyamory, rather than a whole mess. I saw Kristi's face and she looked surprised and concerned that Maddy was here, verifying my last thought.

I told Maddy an abbreviated version of my father's life. I knew I needed to lay it out in a somewhat logical order. I slowly explained it all as she shut down before me. The polyamory, ghosts, angels, vampires. My unique family structure and everything. I really had no choice at this point, I had been so happy and in the clouds I didn't think things through and this is where I ended up.

I told her why I brought her here and apologized for not breaking the three huge things into separate issues so she could take it better. At first she was in denial, disbelieving what I said, even what she saw with her own eyes. But I could see the moment the belief and the fear settled into her eyes. It hurt, and I was so damn stupid and mad at myself.

When Maddy left I wasn't sure if I would see her outside of class after that, I knew if I did it would take a long time for her to get back to where we were.

I softly said, "I'm sorry Kristi, I was just so happy today, I didn't think anything could go wrong. I didn't think it through and I was stupid."

Kristi held me and said, "It's ok Ariel, if it's meant to happen she will come back. That was a lot to take in though, so be patient, and prepared for it to be over between you."

I nodded. I felt sad and stupid, but I wasn't devastated. I still had hope and even if it hurt I wasn't in love with her, the pain just made me a little melancholy. I got up and went downstairs to check on things, something normal to do as a distraction. I filled up a couple of the vampires so they wouldn't be too hungry. I think I saved us a bunch of money on buying blood doing that.

I wandered around the house a bit not knowing what I was looking for until I found it. Amanda was sitting in the study reading a book, no longer required to be on lockdown, trusted to the house. She smiled brightly up to me, the girl was pure sunlight. Her demeanor, her attitude and her voice wrapped around me like a comfy blanket warming me.

I talked to her a while, genuinely interested in what I asked, as well as purposefully drawing her out to speak. Her voice was quickly becoming a drug to me.

"What are you reading?"

She replied, "Just some recent history, I was... Captured about 30 years ago, didn't really have access to the real world. I was going to major in history in college. It always fascinated me, learning about our past."
