 Chapter 7 – Welcome to the dark side.

I finally understood. If I accepted the belief that I would lose trying to take down the necromancers as a whole to end their dark reign? It is easy to say good enough. When I think of Amanda or Kristi being hurt or killed I can feel my mind shy from it. The problem is, unlike the rest of my family, I didn't think they could win. Or at least, I thought we had a good chance of winning.

After all, they wouldn't leave us alone if they could kill us, would they? The thought is they could win but a lot would die, so they were too cowardly to take us on if all we did was save a few slave vampires here and there. I didn't believe that at all, I knew we could win. Nothing is for sure, but I could sense it. 

I believed I could win it with the help of a couple of vampires at my back. They stood no chance in my mind if my whole family had gone for it. But they didn't, so it was up to me. 

My sister would hate exterminating all that life. I see it as cleaning up the evil. I am not heartless, but I have no compunction against killing evil, ending murderers and slavers. Some would argue it would make me like them. 

Those people are fools. 

Turning a blind eye to evil and allowing it to flourish would be treason to the innocent victims they have taken or killed. Taking life to stop murder and free slaves would be nothing at all alike to what they do. It would be justice, and protecting the future victims from their evil.

Arrogant? Perhaps a little, but a lot of it was what I thought was right. The more runaway vampires I helped my family free the more I hated and wanted to end it at the source. And one day soon, I would.

Maddy was still ignoring me. She didn't even look at me in class yesterday. Still, I was pretty immune from it at the time, being with both my mates that morning had been mind blowing and amazing. I had been in my own little world yesterday. It was continually surprising to be so in love. I hadn't consciously given up on it, but I also hadn't expected it at all. 

I wish I could just let go of the past, and I was a lot closer than I was, but it's hard. I realized a normal person would have brushed it off long ago, but not me. I could remember every humiliating slight, embarrassment and the feeling of being used, and of them wanting to use me some more. 

I knew I was close though, thinking about Jason was pleasant, but I could still feel the echo of the past in it.

Yesterday after class I had changed the invisibility spell, but instead of not casting the illusion I had it actually add the person hiding to the illusion if the spell detected the same kind around another person. So in a way I was still not in their sight, but they saw an illusion of me where I was if we were both invisible. 

It also passed sound to anyone in visual range, so we could literally talk across the room with a hundred people between us and they would never hear it.

After all if I was going in a group I needed a way to address friendly fire and communications. I think this was a good way to do it.

I was in lab right now, I had gone back to wearing jeans and sweaters to class, I didn't want to dress up if it would make things harder for Maddy, I was still open to her coming back but I certainly wasn't counting on it, and I knew I would be happy either way. Still it was a little awkward, I was still attracted to her and I knew she was to me, she was just... Still a little freaked.

I went straight home after class and went looking for Amanda. I found her in the study as usual, and Jason was in there talking to her. I guess they had deemed him safe for wandering the house. I couldn't help but blush when he slowly looked me up and down.

Jason said, "Hi Ariel, nice to see you. I was... Disappointed. You didn't come by yesterday when I was still in lockup."

Amanda looked at me with a faint knowing smile. She could see he affected me like she did. Damn vampires and their enhanced senses. That will be a fun conversation for me.

I shrugged. "Sorry, guess I got caught up in my obsession, I want to be ready if they come, and of course to go after them... Soon." I also didn't go because he made me uncomfortable, and not only in a bad way. But I wasn't going to tell him that.

He said, "Will you let me come with you? I wouldn't mind stopping them. I am not prone to being violent, but necromancers are a glaring exception to that."

I nodded slowly. "If you follow my plan and precautions yes. You would be welcome." I blushed.

Damn it. I really needed to get over that. I was frustrating myself now with it.

I found out his anger was more about his guardian being killed than his own slavery, not that he wasn't pissed about that too, but it was Kayla's memory that urged him toward stopping the necromancers more than anything else. We sat and chatted for a while. I was wearing a sweater and jeans, I was almost completely covered yet I felt naked and exposed as he checked me out every once in a while.

I forced myself to deal. To his credit he did try to give me space, despite obviously wanting me. I suddenly wondered what he and Amanda were talking about earlier. I wouldn't put it past her and my ghost to cook up a scheme. They both wanted to help me get over it. Unfortunately I was the only one who could make that happen.

=================================================

I was in class on Wednesday when one of my alarms went off, I had placed those long lasting spy spell forms last week on the property so it would warn me when or if the necromancers showed up for revenge for my actions. I jumped up, ran out of the room and saw the hall was empty. I turned on my invisibility then teleported to the back yard. 

The creepy crawlies didn't do anything to my stomach I was so focused on finding out what was going on. They were attacking, I saw Mina show up from a portal and start to fight them too. I stayed invisible on the side and at the speed of thought had four dark energy drains and knock out spell forms draining and knocking out the necromancers. Despite knowing they would work I was surprised how easily it took them out, always before I had been helpless while my family fought. My hard work had paid.

Of course they had been attacking Mina and my father at the time, so it was easy to do. I wasn't dealing with their attacks at all. Although my shield should do that now, so it probably wouldn't have mattered.

Mina got the other two and I turned off my invisibility.

Mina said, "Nice sis, no idea where you were, I could just feel you. You have got to teach me that, and those drain knock outs are awesome."

I gave her a hug and said, "Anytime, you should be able to pick out the symbol thoughts if you sink your awareness into them. Also check out my new and improved shield, the one that just absorbs and doesn't deflect dark energy are badly flawed. 

"Of course with that purple bubble thing you got it probably doesn't matter for you. But for keeping up your vampires in sunlight it would make them safer."

I giggled and said, "That reminds me, check out what Jeremy and I did in the basement if you get a chance, it's a vampire food station, fills them right up."

Dad started destroying the necromancers and I said, "WAIT!"

I walked up to the two remaining. I needed information so I did what I swore I would never do. Does the end justify the means? Would this be my first step to evil? Or is it the intent behind the use that counts?

I snaked my dark energy into their heads and stripped their memories, I would need that information to go on the offensive. It was so much, I didn't just read their minds, I took everything. I would have to meditate on their memories later, find out what necromancer lairs they knew about and their defenses. 

I would also check their knowledge of dark energy use, to see if they knew as much as I or not. I did not want any surprises.

I already knew how to make and use control spells, and I would never do that, I wasn't worried about any temptation from their knowledge. I also was happy to discover I had no temptation to try and control them. This was just for information gathering. That had been a concern for me, that taking one step in that direction would tempt my control.

Then... I killed them. Dark energy controls the body, and they had no defense left or their own energy to resist my commands, me having drained it all. I simply made their bodies stop working. It was shockingly and horrifyingly easy to do. I started to feel sick but steeled my mind against it. These necromancers had come here to kill, and were already murderers. Their death was well earned.

Mina hugged me, she knew what I felt at the taking of a life, deserving or not. She had gone through it last year.

I went back inside and found the stars had gotten here, I ordered them overnight so I wasn't surprised. I grabbed the box and headed for my room. Amanda was there waiting, she looked at me concerned. I had talked to her a lot about fighting and stopping the necromancers for good. But she knew this was my first kill.

I put the box on my desk and went to her arms. She held me and kissed my neck, whispering in my ear.

She whispered, "You did nothing wrong. It is a war. Good verse evil. You wanting to free others and stop the murderers that have dominated the supernatural world for so long. Never doubt your purity my love."

After what I went through with my first kills, and her soft comforting voice and obvious love for me I needed her. I sighed in pleasure at the wonderful feeling of her soft lips on my neck. I needed the affirmation of beauty, love and life. 

I held her hair gently and turned her head up a bit and kissed her softly. Her full pliant lips tasted wonderful to me as they joined with mine. Our tongues gently met then caressed as we explored each other's mouths as our hands stripped the clothes off our bodies.

My body was under the spell of her touch and ministrations as we slowly made our way to the bed. I had a random thought that I needed a bigger bed as she laid me down on my back. I yielded to her soft touch and control, submitting my body and mind to my beloved vampire as she pleasured my senses.

She straddled my head and lowered her honey pot to my lips, my mouth watering I had to swallow before I even got a taste of her silken folds. I heard her velvet voice moan in pleasure as I snaked my tongue between her wet folds and up into her center. She was arching her back, giving me access to her swollen sensitive nub as she caressed my C cups and played with my nipples, squeezing and pulling on them gently.

I moaned into her molten core and reached around with a hand to tease her dark hole and caress her supple ass cheeks. Every gasp and moan I drew from her washed over my body like velvet. Her speaking voice was warm and comforting but the moaning pleasure in her voice was ecstasy to my ears. 

I had a feeling the powerful effect of her voice on me was not only the sweet timber of it, but was related to her vampire seduction abilities. I didn't care one whit if it was though, she didn't display any signs of using it for manipulation. Just my comfort and I wouldn't give that up for anything.

I felt her body start to quiver and lock up as her back arched further. 

She said, "I'm cumming, oh god Ariel I'm cumming! Don't stop!"

I doubled my efforts and attentions to her labia and clit and heard her gasp loudly and stop breathing as I cheated a bit and used dark energy on the tip of my tongue to extend and deepen her orgasm. Her center was trembling on my tongue as her full body weight came down on my head, unable to hold herself up anymore. It was pure bliss to me. Giving this woman I so loved pleasure.

When I let her come down she collapsed forward and started licking my center. Her tongue did amazing things to me while I continued to pleasure her as best I could without full control of my body. I felt her slip a finger inside my hot wet honey pot and then a second. Her body stretched and leaned forward. Her elbows pushed my legs out and up, raising my ass off the bed.

Her tongue started to rim my dark star as she plumbed my velvety depths with her fingers, her palm putting delicious friction and pressure on my sensitive clit each time she dipped her fingers into my hot wet tight canal. Her fingers curved in to rub my sensitive walls with each stroke inside my tight wet burning core.

I arched my back and panted out, "Oh god that's... Don't stop... Oh god Amanda!" as her tongue snaked into my dark hole stretching my sphincter around her soft wet tongue.

I felt like I was struck by lightning as my center coiled tightly then exploded in bliss. It was all I could do to just gasp in breaths while she extended my orgasm through expert manipulation and stimulation of both my warmth and puckered star.

When I could move again I caressed her ass cheeks, lower back and waist as sucked and licked her silken lips. We pleasured each other back and forth for an hour. I was in a haze of ecstasy and lost count of the number of orgasms my Amanda gave to me that only increased in intensity as time went on...

=================================================

She got dressed and left so I could get some work done on spell forms. It was still just the early afternoon, the attack happening in late morning so I had plenty of time to work on the box of throwing stars. I was planning out my new spell form, trying to figure out how to make it portable and my mind kept going back to the last few minutes before Amanda left me to work.

Amanda said softly, "You know, Jason is a good man, if you can get past it you should really get to know him."

I had just looked at her helplessly.

She said, "I know it's hard for you, but I also saw how you both look at each other. It's not just your body that reacts. I know I could get to like him as well, if he were to join our little group. Too early for that idea maybe, but if it doesn't start it can't get anywhere. Just think about it love. He won't hurt you. At least he would not with cruel purpose and unconcern."

I got that feeling too. I couldn't see him hurting me carelessly or with intent like... Damn it, I felt betrayed by my own mind, why couldn't I let go, no matter how perfectly I can remember it.

"I will try. I know it will be my loss if I don't at least try. I don't know how you and Kristi don't just shake me. It must drive you crazy this place I am stuck in. I'd like to slap myself sometimes. I think I can... I can try... Soon."

She gave me one last soft kiss then left me to my work, and my ruminations.

I decided I would need to arm the spell, then have it trigger somehow, and I thought I had the way.

I created and put my new spell form on the throwing stars. It was the same basic dark energy drain and knock out, but I had to change the trigger. Right now they were harmless, well, if you got hit by one you could bleed out and die, but the spell form would be inert. 

And I was the only one who could arm it. The energy was keyed to my use only like all spell forms. Invisibility only worked because I set it off, then the spell latched on the mind it was set on.

The only thing new was the trigger really. I set it up so the form would go off if the steel throwing star tasted blood. So I could arm the triggers before going out, and give them to my vampires... Wait...

My vampires?! I groaned and blushed at my own thought.

I meant my vampire and Jason... Of course they would have to be careful not to cut themselves, or they would be unanimated and knocked out. But once I armed the trigger and turned them over, the spell form would attack whoever bled on it, so as long as they scored a scratch on a necromancer it would take them down.

I tracked them both down and gave them one that wasn't armed each, told them to practice and not let themselves get a scratch. I also let them know what would happen with the armed ones later in a fight if they did accidentally scratch themselves. Bad idea. 

Actually it was so bad on my way back to my room I decided that wouldn't work. What if they were tackled or hit when about to throw one? My spell form would get them killed.

I went back and changed the trigger again. This time it would check for two things. Blood on the steel and another spell form before it would activate. All the second spell form did was pass the thought 'don't activate'. I would have to place that spell form inside their bodies, maybe in two places. So no more accidental activations unless they were so harmed they were probably dead anyway.

My mind shied from that thought...

Feeling better at arming the beings going with me with good and safe weapons I moved on to something else. I started to meditate on the knowledge I had gained from the necromancers. I shuddered at the memories and shied away from the torturous activities and managed to find locations of necromancer lairs. 

The lair these guys were from I was able to get detailed lay outs and where the wards and traps were. The other two lairs they only knew basic information on the more public areas. That would have to do.

I sighed in relief when I found out the information for what I was worried about most. I was worried because even though I am fairly smart the necromancers have been around and organized for thousands of years. So why do they just have a basic shield that is flawed, some wards and traps, and the control and slave spell forms? Why no offensive spell forms at all, just a good basic energy attack? 

I have that and I have only been studying a year in earnest, and I started from scratch without any guidance at all. Necromancers are evil but not stupid, but my answer came in the form of paranoia.

Apparently there was a head necromancer who controlled everything. All the lairs reported to him. I bet he had an arsenal of spell forms, but everyone else was forbidden from research. Allowed to learn and practice a proscribed list of spell forms as they advanced in rank. 

For them to try and develop their own spell forms is forbidden, and punishable by death. Why? Because the head necromancer is afraid they will revolt, or kill him and take his place.

His paranoia and the ones that came before him will be their downfall, because they won't be able to defend against my more advanced forms. I could still be overwhelmed or killed, and I wouldn't get cocky. I would stay careful and wary. They were still treacherous and dangerous. But I wasn't afraid of being suckered or killed by something I didn't know about anymore.

I didn't wonder why their shields wouldn't block a spell form, or deflect an overwhelming attack of dark energy. They were basically hobbled so the head asshole could kill or stop a revolt without effort. Their thinking was they had enough tools to control vampire slaves and completely overwhelm normal humans, so why not limit them to keep the head necromancer safe.

At least I felt safe about no surprises until I find the head asshole. Neither necromancer had known where he was though. To be fair the paranoia was probably dead on, how could you trust a bunch of raping murderous slavers with access to dark energy?

The last thing I learned from their memories is their wards are against light energy. So although it would be impossible to use a light energy portal I could use a dark energy teleport portal to appear in the house itself. I stopped at that point, I think I have enough information and I was leery of being exposed to disgusting memories of murder and torture.

I went and tracked down Amanda and Jason again. Explained my change and set spell forms on them, then fixed the spell forms on the stars they had. They looked like what I did wasn't necessary but they were happy about ruling out accidents. Shit happens in a battle after all. Then without thinking at all obviously... 
