 Note: The characters and events in this story and any subsequent chapters are purely fictitious, any similarities to a real person, ghost, vampire, angel or evil necromancer is coincidental and unintended. Any and all sex in this story is between characters over the age of 18. No actual vampires were abused at any time. This story is part Fantasy, Polyamory, Romance, Violence, Betrayal etc... There is some rough sex and dirty talk in here but nothing approaching true BDSM or non-reluctance. As usual for those who read my stories there is a wide variety of sex going on between the different chapters... All chapters will just be in the sci-fi category. Like Jim's, Mina's and Wade's story there is polyamory in here.

You certainly don't need to read 'Jim sees dead people!' or 'Jim's Legacy Pt. 1 - Mina' or 'Jim's Legacy Pt. 2 -- Wade' first, but a lot of the supporting and a few main characters are introduced in that story and if you read this first you will see spoilers for the previous stories. I only did minimal character introduction for the older characters, hopefully most of you will be already familiar.

Hope you enjoy!

Chapter 1 -- Ariel

I was working in my room, trying to improve the spell form I was working with. My protective spells were more powerful now, lasting twice as long. Mostly it was about the focus of mind as you built it, concentrating on the right part while building that line or symbol. I was working on something a little more useful. You see with both my Mina and Wade moving out and on, the only person left to clean out spelled vamps was my father. I was hoping to change that.

I didn't have Wade's ability to wield light energy, or Mina's ability to directly influence the energy of another. I didn't even have their strength in power. I was the oddball. The one out of place. I had access to dark energy, and no one to show me how to use it.

Not only that but I had no ability whatsoever to read minds, although I could stop Wade from reading mine because of my dark energy. Nothing stops Mina at all, but she gives me privacy, at least I think she does.

When they cleansed a vampire they used brute strength, with the precision of a chisel to remove that dark energy control spell. They destroyed the energy itself that formed the spell. Doing that took light energy, and greater power than the one that built the spell itself.

That wouldn't work in my case. Oh, I could smash the spell, but that would leave all the pieces behind. It became a snarled mess of energy that still had ill effects on the vampire. I could even pull it out using my own energy to coax the damaged spell out of the vampire but not perfectly, unless I just pulled out all dark energy then reanimated, but that's a bad option.

It was ugly, and left a mess behind. You can't destroy dark energy with dark energy. It just mixes, or maybe mashes or crunches would be a better description. Like cleansing a plate with a chisel and hammer, it didn't work very well. I needed something better and more precise. Controlled.

You see energy works off and is directed by thoughts, as long as you are doing something simple, everything is great. But if I have to hold a thought then add four or five other clarifying thoughts. Then add another four or five thoughts for exceptions... Things get fuzzy and power is wasted, if it works at all. Spell forms just work better.

More focus, better control and less power required for the job. I basically create a symbol while imbuing its purpose with my thought, then the next, then the next. So I only have to concentrate on two things at once, the finished spell form and the current symbol thought I am working on.

This also means the symbols of a spell form aren't really important, or at least only important to the one creating the spell form. I use the same symbols for the same things over and over because it just makes more sense that way. But technically that doesn't matter. What matters is the intent of the thought put into each symbol, and the intent behind tying the symbols together as I build it.

I admit I am obsessed with it. I spend a lot of my time working on control. I am the odd one out and have no choice but to teach myself. I had to work hard to do what my other family members can do as an afterthought. I had been working on this for months, ever since Wade left in fact. The results so far had been... Unpredictable to say the least.

I couldn't destroy the spell forms, so my only option was to leach it away, but without the power of Mina to control energy that wasn't hers I needed to use my own dark energy to do it. I needed a spell form that could do it. Kind of like a vacuum, the spell form would attach itself to the other spell form and drain the power of it, so in theory it would simply dissipate.

The second issue is a spell form is just dark energy, so how do I target that. Well I don't, I just specify the more concentrated energy needs to be taken first, spell forms are a lot of energy in a very compact form, the raw dark energy is more nebulous.

Last time I got it to suck out the spell form of protection around me, unfortunately it also sucked out every bit of normal energy in me too. Luckily I recover quickly, within a few minutes I had power again, and within an hour I was full.

"Are you done yet Ariel?" I heard a plaintive voice ask behind me.

I sighed. That was Kristi, she was a... Good friend. She was also a ghost. I met her in my senior year of high school after... Well I met her in my senior year and we have been friends ever since. But she is pushy, always saying I need to get a life. She is probably right. I also don't know what I would do without her. Perhaps I would be as unsociable as she makes me out to be.

"Almost," I said absently, concentrating on what I was doing.

This time I incorporated a sort of... Mental control switch. Sort of like an off button. It would target spell forms first because it was the greatest concentration of energy. Then any energy in the body it was targeting, so I could turn it off at any time. It sounds like a great weapon right?

But not so much, at least not yet. It takes me too long to build it, two minutes is forever in a fight. If it worked though it would be great for targeting those slave spells, speed wasn't really a big concern for that. I could then turn it off before the regular dark energy that they used for life got removed. I am working on another spell form that might help make it a possible weapon, but so far total failure.

I could put the spell form on say, a metal disc, or even something smaller. But that would be ridiculously easy for them to dodge if I was throwing something at them, if I could even throw accurately at them at all. To use it realistically in a fight I would have to have one ready to release, and that would be instantaneous and I could hit what I could see for the most part.

But a free floating spell form needs to be maintained by constant concentration until it hits a target and is activated.

So what I am planning is a sort of spell form to hold other spell forms together, for later use. I got the idea from fiction of course, sort of like a wand in a mage story. If I can get the storing spell form to work I will be able to recall any spell form I make and use it from the container. But so far no luck, it is like trying to hold a globe of water inside a bigger globe of water. So far just a mess of tangled energy has been the result.

Getting back to my spell form test for pulling the energy out of another spell form, I cross my fingers and set it off. Of course I was the test subject. My aunts wouldn't let me test on them since I was fourteen... To be fair I won't inanimate if I lose all my energy like they would.

My newer spell form shield can block spell forms as well as raw energy. I have no idea why the necromancer's shields do not, which is where I got my old one from. I felt it attack and drain my older protection spell. It was done in a surprisingly short time, just about five seconds. When I felt it start to drain my dark energy I sent the mental command to stop.

Holy crap! I finally did it!

I turned to Kristi with a huge smile, my weird eyes sparkling I am sure, as all my months of work finally paid off and... She just rolled her eyes at me... Bitch.

Kristi said, "Can we do something fun now, like... Go shopping?"

I rolled my eyes even though that sounded like fun. It was part of our dynamic. I reveled in dragging my heels while she pushed me at the door. After all I was 21, a young woman. I didn't quite spend all my time working with dark energy.

Kristi had auburn hair but luckily was much more patient than I was. My hair was a darker red, a very rare true red color for natural hair. I embodied my red hair, or so I was told. I suppose I did have a short temper and a short burn as well. I figure that's better than building grudges, but I didn't really have a choice, it was the way I was.

Kristi was about my height as well at 5'4". Her breasts were a nice size B cup and looked great on her body. Mine were almost freakishly large for my height at a generous C cup. She had beautiful grey eyes and mine were a weird sea green. I've been told I am beautiful and sexy with my startling eyes, long red hair and petite body sporting my large breasts. Sometimes I wish I wasn't.

I took a moment to put a protection spell form back on me. I could do that one in my sleep in moments now. I had over 20 vampires that liked sunlight and came to me every couple of months for a refill. I didn't mind of course, it meant learning it better. Okay, so I was definitely obsessed. I just wanted to be useful and do my part for the family. I didn't do it for the sake of the power itself.

There were other parts of dark energy to light energy that were different. Moving from place to place or healing for example.

Dark energy is all about working with flesh, controlling bodies, the physical elements of our world. Light energy was more ethereal. Like light energy heals by directly fixing and replacing damaged or lost tissue, from nothing. Dark energy is more about working with the body and having the body actually do the healing and even growing flesh at an accelerated rate.

So moving from place to place was different as well. Light energy kind of... Forced two separate places to converge in one spot. Sci-fi geeks would call it folding space but I don't know if that theory actually lines up, and it doesn't matter, I just know it works. So you kind of just step from one place through the folded space to another.

Dark energy well, it physically moves your body from one place to another, by breaking it down and rebuilding it at the place your going. Sort of like a transporter in space shows. Or maybe that star gate show would be a better example, because it still makes a portal, but it's pure black, you can't see the other side.

It felt like bugs were crawling all over my skin though, I actually lost my lunch the first time I did it. I try to only do it in emergencies, or if I need to be somewhere far away. Otherwise I take my car, transporting may sound convenient but the feeling of it always freaked me out. Yup, that's me, the younger sister with the creepy crawly power.

I was in the middle of my third year at the local college, taking marine biology. I had thought of following Mina's example and heading out of town for my third year, but I decided I wanted to stay. To be honest I am not sure why. Something within me wanted me here, not somewhere else, maybe I didn't want to give up helping here at the center of things.

I did love the ocean though, and being in the middle of America meant I certainly did deal with teleporting to spend a day at the beach. Or to visit an aquarium on occasion. At this time of year southern California was still nice enough for it but more often we went to Puerto Rico.

I decided it wouldn't hurt to go shopping and let Kristi drag me out of the door. I could always use some new outfits. Shopping with your best friend when she is a ghost is an adventure. Especially when you can't read or send thoughts. Let's just say I had my cell phone up to my ear a lot. I got really strange looks on occasion, when it rang and I was already talking on it. Sometimes I forget to put it on vibrate.

Kristi was incorrigible, she kept pointing out all the cute men. I had issues... With men that is. She of course was determined to get me over that hump. I liked sex well enough I suppose, but I had a bad experience in high school and ever since I have been... Gun shy. You know how high school guys like to brag? Woman gets a slight reputation? In my case it was... Awful. Embarrassing and brutal.

I know, it was over and done with 2 years ago, but I am still leery. Especially since my body turns most men into drooling idiots most of the time, it makes me cringe. Even the ones that look down at my 5'4" height looking for my eyes can't help but get an eyeful of my C cups. Which as I said look almost freakishly huge on my small frame. God forbid I actually wear something showing cleavage.

I am not blaming my aunts, it should have been common sense. But I was a little naïve back then when I turned 18, still a virgin. I asked my aunts for sex advice, thinking I would get great advice, and I did. Turns out a little too good though. I should have interpreted the helpful advice from former sex slaves as possibly a problem.

They told me guys like blow jobs where the woman can take them in their throats. They even showed me the energy manipulations necessary to loosen the throat and kill my gag reflex. They even showed me how to manipulate my throat to increase pleasure. Because of course I can do all that. Control my body with my energy, that's a big part of what dark energy does.

What they didn't tell me was a normal woman would choke and gag on a cock that went to deep, or stayed in too long. Even if they were able to relax their throat. That information would have been useful.

So I had a date, I had my information on how to give good head, and let's just say that guy went home very happy at the end of the night. So, needless to say, the next school day I was the girl with the fuckable throat. Could take a cock right down and pleasure the hell out of it, heck, I was a talented slut that could even take a good hard throat fuck like it was a second pussy.

So, just a little worse than the normal she is a slut glare from the other girls. And the guys... Well they wouldn't stop asking me out after that, which is why the girlfriends of those guys... That last half year was, uncomfortable to say the least.

It might not have been too bad if it had blown over after a week, but the high school guys had a one track mind and I can't remember how many no's I gave out those last few months. This meant the girls didn't give it up either. I didn't go on one date for the rest of the year and to this day I haven't given another blow job to the lamentation of half the senior class.

Although I did let Kristi talk me into sex a couple of times with some guys after starting college. I did like it, but I was unable to completely let go and enjoy it. I managed a minor orgasm or two, which seems wrong as I can achieve more of a reaction on my own. I was just repressed with my past mistake. It sucked, because before that happened I was looking forward to dating and getting a little cock.

I knew I liked men, I just hated them too now. Or at least... The memory they evoke.

To be fair college guys are a lot more mature, sort of. My reputation wasn't quite tattered the next year even with a few people in the know going to the same college. I knew I was over reacting and should let it go. Yet... I just couldn't. Every time I was or tried to be with a guy I would flashback and have that run through my mind. It would freeze me up.

I have perfect recall like my sister, so the memory isn't even blurred, and never will be. There was a lot of shame and embarrassment mixed in with it. If it wasn't for Kristi I would have had an even harder time...

We had fun when we got to the mall. The weird looks even were fun, when Kristi started nudging me. Which of course my body reacted to, but no one could see why. I wondered if they thought it was drugs or an escaped mental patient.

I wound up getting a couple of more outfits. Two pair of jeans for the cold weather and some nice sweaters to boot. Kristi of course would walk around and memorize all the latest released fashions, so she could look up to date.

Of course my family, angels and other ghosts were the only ones who could see her, but it was still important to her to be up to date on things. That made me wonder how old of a ghost she was. She looked about my age, maybe a little older. For all I know though she has been earthbound a thousand years. She never told me and I didn't want to offend her by asking, so I kept my curiosity to myself.

To her annoyance, and my enjoyment, I worked another spell form when we got back. I was convinced I could be invisible. Unfortunately it didn't work yet. Well it sort of did. The spell form hid me in a cloud of dark energy, which made me silent and invisible to normal humans. But I was like a roiling cloud of obvious to anyone that could see energy.

I was going for useful against demons or necromancers, as it was I was totally set for a life of crime, but all the necromancers would probably make fun of me. Unfortunately my latest try was a bust. The spell form totally fizzled on me half way through. That happens a lot if I lose concentration halfway through.

It's a lot to do at once. Keep the finished form in mind and focus on the effect of each symbol as it's created. I also had to make sure the energy is even throughout the form. If any one of those things are disturbed, poof! But it wasn't really dangerous. Just really annoying. The energy itself though just unraveled.

Setting off an unstable but finished spell form can be dangerous, but losing one in progress not so much.

I left my room and went to check on the new ones. The untrained vampires who had good intentions but were unsure in their control of their instincts needed help. They were used to the necromancer's control spells keeping them in check, so in a way it was their first exercise in will and control. So it took 2-3 weeks usually to get used to it.

I could help by using my energy to take the edge off their hunger by feeding them directly. The hunger got worse when they were low on energy so it was worthy of a few minutes of my time a day. I was working on a spell form for that too, but in conjunction with a 10 year old. Jeremy was able to create dimensional portals to get at the dark energy directly.

I don't know how he figured it out, I am guessing the necromancer's taught him to make him a more effective tool, but Mina freed him last year when he was just 9. A small 9 at that, he still looked 7 or 8. So I had the idea if I could create a spell form to take energy from a portal and implant it directly in vampires, well they could just walk over a symbol on the floor and get filled up.

It gets a bit complicated though and I haven't worked it out yet, especially how the spell form would know if a vampire was full so it didn't keep pumping in more energy. That would probably be bad.

I sighed. Krista is right. Between keeping up in college, spell forms, and helping with the family vampire rescue I did need to get a life.

I got to the basement and there were just two right now, they both looked full enough. I stopped by to chat a bit. It's amazing some of the stories I hear. My family has been releasing vampire slaves for over twenty years. There is a pretty well established web of contacts all over the country on the lookout for runaways that are pointed in our direction and eventually make their way here.
