 She fought through the crowd again, the ruckus of men slapping her ass and rubbing against her. Her face was flush by the time she reached the lonely table with the quiet man sitting at it. His blue eyes studied her as she brushed her dirty blonde hair out of her eyes and took a deep breath. Plastering the fake smile on her face, she let her fiery green-eyed gaze studying his stubbly strong jaw. Something stirred in the pit of her stomach, but she pushed it away. Her soft pink lips entranced him for a moment. 

"What can I get you sir?" Her voice was soft, warm and sensual, like caramel floating on a breeze.

For a moment, he searched for words and found none. The raise of her long thin eyebrow sent his heart racing as he searched for a response. "I'll take some mead please." His voice was quiet, yet commanding. She nodded and turned to head back through the crowd to fetch the mead. He eyes followed her, but once she had fought through the men to the bar, he could only see her braided hair. She held the tray above her head, a single pint of mead sitting on it as she began to push past the men. One stood and blocked her way, taking his time to fondle her breasts and run his dirty hands all over her hips and ass. She glanced up at the quiet man apologetically and in an attempt to get past the man, she dropped the tray and watched the mug shatter.

The quiet man's eyes were glued to her, unable to look away from the panic on her face. The owner of the tavern walked up and raised his hand, back handing her across her high cheekbone so hard, she fell, hitting the ground hard. Her hair fell over her face, hiding her emotions from the quiet man. He stood, the sheer size of him gathering attention from all in the room. He stood about 6'9" and his black cloak brushed his ankles and the gold crest of royalty peaked out from his breastplate. The girl only looked up when she realized the rest of the room had bowed. The look on her face moved from panic and pain to horror and embarrassment. She lowered her head again in respect before He spoke.

"This woman did nothing to deserve any of the treatment I have seen her just receive. I am a merciful king and for that, I will let you all live. But if I hear of another woman being treated as such ever again, so be it, I will send you all to the torture chamber! She is coming with me and no one is to say a thing about that." His words rang out in the silent room and he moved to her, she could only see his shiny boots. He bent down and helped her up; his touch was soft and firm. As she stood, she straightened her tattered dress, trying to quell the flutters inside her. He looked at her softly, speaking quietly to her again. "Are you ok?" His hand brushed across the red mark on her face. She kept her head down, partially in respect and partially in fear of looking in his eyes and seeing something there. She nodded slightly.

The king nodded at her, took her hand and strolled out of the tavern, she glanced back and only saw the shocked face of the owner of the tavern, everyone else had not found the courage to look up yet. His hand was firm on hers as he led her to his horse; a guard was standing close by and the guard jumped to attention when the king walked up. He spoke quiet orders to the guard and picked her up, setting her on the horse. He mounted behind her, his body pressed close to hers as he reached around her waist and held the reigns, the guard mounted as well and with a kick, they were galloping through the streets of the village and out into the wilderness. The horses slowed to a trot and they rode in silence, she kept trying to think of something to say, but his warmth was so close it kept her from thinking much.

Her breath quickened when she felt his scratchy stubble brush against her neck and push her hair away. His lips were so close to her ear as he whispered. "What is your name, girl." She shivered as his breath washed warmly over her ear and neck. She swallowed and tried to compose herself.

"Jocelyn, Milord." He chuckled as he heard the huskiness in her voice. He arms tucking closer to her side. The faint smell of roses surrounded her and filled his nostrils. He involuntarily growled a bit at the sexiness of this woman in his arms. He heartbeat quickened and he pulled off the trail, calling an order to his guard to stay at the road. He led his horse to a stream and slid off, reaching up and pulling her down to him, their bodies close. His hands stayed on her waist and hers were resting on his big arms, she lifted her gaze to his, blushing slightly. His smile was warm and comforting and she slowly melted into him. Her nipples were hard and pressed against the thin fabric of her dress.

"Come, sit with me Jocelyn." His voiced carried warmth and concern as his horse drank and he sat on the grass.

"Yes Milord." She sat with him, close enough to not look like she was trying to stay away, but far enough to feel free from the intoxication he made her feel.

"Call me Liam. No need to be so formal with me, after all, I just took you away from your home." His blue eyes gazed into hers, a crooked smile on his face as he leaned back and rested on his elbows.

"Yes, Liam. Does this mean I will not be back?" There was no fear in her voice. There wasn't even regret resting in the afterthought of her words. She gaze became bold and strong, like it was when she was in the tavern, only this time, it was void of all annoyance and frustration.

"You will only go back there if you chose to go back, but you are not allowed to make that decision yet. You will come with me to the palace and you will live there with me until you can learn another trade than waitressing. If, after your training you still wish to return, then I will not stop you."

She nodded. Unsure of what to do until she saw the look in his eyes, knowing he desired her. She would show him her other 'trade.' She crawled to him and let her hair drape over his chest and head, leaning in and pressing her lips firmly to his, resting one hand on each side of his shoulders, holding herself over him through the kiss. His hands rested on her hips and she wiggled them slowly, moving to straddle his hips. She could tell his heart was racing and his mind was blowing, she had been trained to be able to read men when they were like this. She knew exactly what he needed. Resting back, she broke the kiss and looked at him, smiling at the reaction to her rocking her hips against his.

He laid back and kept his eyes riveted on her. Watching her pull her dress off, sitting in just her corset. Her pussy was trimmed and glistening, rubbing against the tent in his pants. She reached back and unlaced the corset, letting it drop to the grass next to her dress. She rocked against him and ran her fingers through her hair.

Unable to contain his desire any longer, he sat up, breathing closer to her neck as he used his abs to hold himself up and then pulled off his armor and tunic. Leaning in and sucking on the base of her neck lightly, his hands brush against her pussy, eagerly trying to untie his pants. With a soft laugh, she slid off him and untied his pants, pulling them off him with a smile as his cock sprang free.

She moves back to her place, grinding the length of his cock against her slit, letting the tip kiss her clit, but not allowing any of his cock to be consumed in her tight pussy. Her eyes twinkled as she watched his quiet moans and reactions. She had never had an effect on someone like this and all it did was make her that much more wet.

As she grinded on him, his moans became more needy until he growled and flipped her over, lining his cock up and slamming it deep in her. The tightness that surrounded him made him moan louder, looking down at her, he pulled out slowly and slammed in again, watching her back arch, pointing her nipples straight to him. He leaned down and began to suck her nipples as he pulled out and slammed back in. her clit rubbed against his cock with each stroke, her moans became loud and needy as well. He had seen her take control of the situation, but now he was in control. Her nails clawed at his back and her legs wrapped around his hips tight. Her hips rose to meet each of his powerful thrusts. He leaned down and sank his teeth into her neck gently, adding a bit of pain to her pleasure.

Their moans united as they fucked with wild abandon. For an hour they moved together, kissing, licking, scratching and biting. She had orgasmed three times as he kept up his relentless fucking, his moans growing as the last orgasm she had clamped so tight on his cock, it was hard for him to move with any power. Sweat glistened on her body and her hair was a complete mess as he began to moan even louder. He leaned down and kissed her hard as he growled and spurted his cum deep into her, sending her over the edge once again. She bucked against him and screamed in pleasure as this orgasm lasted as long as his, shooting cum into her cunt, smiling as her pussy became completely filled with the combined cum.

She smiled up at him as he finally began to breathe normally again her eyes showed exhaustion and he laughed softly, stroking her hair as she feel asleep. He waded into the river, cleaning up, then he dressed, dressed her and carried her to where his troops were waiting. He laid her in his bed in his tent and pulled the furs up closer to her, tucking her in and kissed her forehead. He left the tent and went on with his evening, speaking with is warriors and talking to his advisors. Finally, once the chores of the night were finished, he joined her in the warm bed, holding her close and falling asleep quickly.