 Joey woke to the sound of his morning alarm. "Time for another shitty day" he thought to himself as he slowly sat up and rubbed his eyes. As he reached out to hit snooze, he noticed a glass of what looked like a punch of some kind. Joey didn't remember pouring any punch? He must have last night when he got up to piss and then forgotten about it. 

Joey downed the punch quickly without giving it a second thought and continued getting dressed for the day. As he did, he noticed a strange tingling feeling in his spine that spread all over his body, especially in his cock. He suddenly felt very aroused as if he hadn't had an orgasm in a month. Just as Joey was starting to consider skipping work to stay home and jack off to his favorite porn, the tingling became more and more intense. 

He fell back on his bed unable to even move. His muscles were frozen in complete bliss from the strong tingles all over his body. He soon passed out. 

Joey snapped awake with a jolt. "What the hell happened?!" he thought as he looked around. He was in some kind of dark room or corridor. It was too hard to tell, it really was pitch black. He tried to move his arms but they were strapped down behind his back. His legs were also strapped down. He was also completely naked from head to toe. It was then Joey realized something was terribly wrong.

He tried and tried to break free, but it was no use. Whatever was holding him wasn't going to give. Suddenly he heard other voices. More and more of them! All shouting out in panic. Before Joey could begin to figure out who they belonged to , there was a blinding light and he felt something jab him in the arm. Joey's body instantly relaxed and he felt those amazing tingles again. All he could think about was how relaxing it felt. 

As his eyes adjusted to the light, Joey looked up and found out where all the other voices were coming from. He was in a large room with an incredibly high ceiling. There were platforms lining the walls on both sides of the room, all of them had another guy strapped to it. There must have been 20 or 30 of them! Joey was the furthest away from the door on his side of the room.

They must have been drugged too because none of them were saying a thing anymore. All Joey could hear was heavy breathing all around. After a couple of minutes, a huge door at the end of the room quickly slid open like something from Star wars.

It was dark beyond the doorway and all Joey could see was a large figure standing in the doorway. It reminded him of a statue you'd see in a city square or something like that. He figured out very quickly that this was no statue. the figure took a step forward into the light. 

Surprised gasps echoed all around the room, Including from Joey. There stood the most gorgeous woman he'd ever laid eyes on! and she was completely naked. On top of that, she was gigantic! She must have been 15ft tall, with long legs that went on forever, thick curvy hips, a tiny waist, two huge tits that were so perfectly round they looked like something out of an anime porno. They also seemed to defy gravity as they had no sag to them at all. Then came her face, perfectly formed cheekbones, full red lips and bright blue eyes so gorgeous they put Joey into a trance the second he looked into them. She also had long brunette hair, part of it put up into a bun and the rest hanging down her back.

She didn't say a word as she slowly walked towards the first guy on Joey's side of the room until she was out of sight. Joey turned his head to try and see what she was doing, but his view was blocked by all the other guys beside him. He heard the soft hum of an electric motor, followed by a short moment of silence before it was broken by a loud moan. "oh fuck! She's killing him!" Joey thought to himself. However He figured out very soon that was not the case. The first moans were followed by more, not of pain, but of pleasure! Joey looked over and saw that everyone on the other side of the room was starring in the direction of the constant moans with their cocks sticking out hard as steel. 

What was she doing to him? Joey's curiosity was driving him crazy! After a short time, the moaning got louder until it sounded like someone having the best orgasm of their life.

Then silence again. It went on like this for what felt like hours to Joey. He would hear the that soft electronic hum immediately followed by cries of pleasure until they broke into a blissful cry, then more silence.

He could tell she was getting very close now. Along with the sighs of pleasure, he could also hear loud wet slurping noises. It sounded like someone trying to finish a popsicle quickly before it melted. Now Joey was beginning to imagine what was going on, he just couldn't bring himself to believe it. Just as these thoughts were running through his mind, the guy on the platform directly to his right suddenly rose straight up in the air until all Joey could see were his feet dangling high above him. Then, the giant goddess appeared into view, she took long graceful steps, almost floating above the ground before stopping directly In front of the guys platform and turning to face him. 

The platform had stopped so that his lower torso was perfectly level with her huge plump lips, which she turned up into a mischievous smile. Joey could hear the guy gasp in disbelief and see his cock surge to full mast in a matter of seconds. The goddess then took his cock between her lips. She slid his entire length all the way into her mouth effortlessly before starting to slowly bob up and down his cock, looking him directly in the eyes as she did. 

The guy lasted maybe 30 seconds before he moaned in ecstasy and bucked his hips uncontrollably with his cock still trapped between her gorgeous thick lips. Joey could tell he had just cum in her mouth. He heard loud swallowing noises as she swallowed every drop of his load. Then she released his cock and licked the remaining cum off of her lips with her long snake like tongue. 

The guy looked so relaxed that he nodded off as his platform slowly lowered back down. 

Joey knew what was next, his heart was racing as his platform lifted up in the air. He stopped with a sudden jolt. Joey was now face to face with this otherworldly goddess. She smiled at him and licked her massive plump lips suggestively, Joey looked down at her massive breasts jutting out at him forming a perfect deep valley of cleavage between them. He felt a strong rush of excitement and lust engulf him. His cock grew rock hard until it was twitching and trembling, his balls ached as if they hadn't been drained in months! Slowly the goddess lowered her head and her lips descended toward his throbbing cock. 

Joey was shaking all over with anticipation. She bunched up her glossy thick lips and they formed a perfect little o shape just before she slid them over the head of Joey's cock. He moaned in pleasure and his cock throbbed. Her lips continued sliding down his cock until they pressed forcefully against his pelvis, then the she sucked. Joey almost exploded immediately! Her thick lips contracted around his cock and she pulled back slowly. He watched as they slid tightly over the contours of his trembling penis. Joey cried out in ecstasy as he felt bolts of pleasure starting from his cock and shooting up through his loins. Her lips slid off the head of his cock with a loud "plop". 

Joey groaned and bucked his hips. His cock throbbed again, aching for more attention. The goddess giggled, completely aware of what she was doing to him. 

Without any warning, the goddess wrapped her lips back around his cock and began quickly bobbing her head back and forth, just as she had done on all the other guys before him. Joey felt her large wet tongue slide under his cock. It felt so good his eyes rolled back and his hips were thrusting on their own. Joey knew he wasn't going to hold on long, he felt his cock flex and throb between the goddess's lips. She looked up at him and locked eyes with him. 

That was all Joey could take, he felt it boiling up inside him, his body tensed up and his cock throbbed hard. Joey practically screamed in pleasure and then he came in her mouth, her big thick lips still pumping up and down his cock as he shot thick ropes of milky white cum down her throat. Each time she slid her lips back up his cock, Joey shot another hot stream of jizz between them, which the goddess swallowed as if it was a delicacy. He kept shooting and shooting, it felt like he would never stop. Finally, Joey's orgasm slowed. She gave him one last hard suck, making his cock twitch and empty out the last drops of his issue into her hungry mouth before she released him from her heavenly prison. 

Before Joey passed out from pure exhaustion and bliss, he noticed she didn't move directly to her next victim. Instead she gave him an approving smile and pulled out some kind or floating tablet and typed something into it. That was the last thing Joey saw before he passed out.