 Jonathan was not inclined to leave the warmth of the Wizards Sanctum dormitory room, now that he was dry. The weather outside was the same as it had been for several days - unrelenting rain. Not unusual for the city of Stormwind, the human capital of the Alliance in Azeroth, but familiarity did not make being cold and wet any more appealing. Of course, nobody had forced him to sneak out of the Stormwind Orphanage with a small sack filled with sweet biscuits and a wineskin of the finest Dalaran Noir wine. Nobody had forced him to brave the elements under his shoddy wool cloak, his hood pulled up. Nobody had forced him to climb the tower, fingers freezing against the cold, wet stone until he reached the sanctuary of his friend's dormitory window.

Nobody had forced him, but the soft brown eyes and charming smile of Demisette Cloyse had entreated him quite convincingly. Demisette had been friends with Jonathan since he had first arrived at the Stormwind Orphanage, one of many refugees from the troubles affecting the kingdoms of Lordearon and Gilneas. Jonathan himself was from around the village of Pyrewood and had fled when the wizard Arugal had led his cursed wolf-men - his worgen - and taken the village of Pyrewood and Silverlaine Keep. Jonathan still had nightmares of being chased by the humanoid lupine creatures; they had stalked the refugees all the way to Southshore, playing a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with their prey.

Demisette Cloyse had been one of his first new friends, and one of the few who did not tease hi about his night-terrors. "I have nightmares of my own" she had confided in Jon, "and so it would be hypocritical of me to say anything." She didn't know it then, but that was the moment Jonathan had fallen in love with her, at the age of seven. Teased for his nightmares, Jonathan had compensated by a foolhardy daring which masked any fears the boy might have. They had grown; Jonathan had filled out his lanky frame with muscle, and the combination of his fleetness of foot and seemingly fearless nature, had secured him a job with the Stormwind City cheese merchant Elling Trias, although the Stormwind Orphanage, and not Jon, received his pay. Still, although he slept at the Orphanage, he was given a greater freedom of movement around the city in the performance of his duties, which he shamelessly abused.

Demisette Cloyse had been given an aptitude test for the arcane, and had scored high enough that the Wizards' Sanctum had offered her a complete scholarship in the magical arts. Jonathan had been heartbroken, but she had written him notes every day, and he had written back. She had complained about the quality of the food that the students were fed, and so Jonathan had brought her teats from time to time. His deliveries needed to be outside of the usual visiting hours, as sneaking in treats was, like just about anything fun, absolutely forbidden. Jonathan had begun to make his trips at night once Demisette had identified which tower window led to her dormitory room that she shared with another student. The trick to the climb, especially in the rain, was to be slow and deliberate, regardless of how the rain made his wool cloak seem like a backpack filled with lead weights, nor how the frigid winds stabbed at him like a knife in a dark alley. He had rarely been happier when, at his tapping upon the window pane, Demisette had opened the window and let him into the chamber.

Jonathan had looked around. "Where is Ursula this evening?" he asked. Ursula Deline was Demisette's roommate, a buxom redhead with a keep sense of humor and a fine sense of discretion, made even more discrete by her share of the treats Jonathan brought. 

"She's studying late tonight. I promised her we'd save her some snacks for later, Demisette had answered, taking the bag from Jon's frozen fingers. "You get warm. Here, drink this, she had commanded, handing Jonathan a porcelain mug with a steaming beverage. "What is it?"

"It's either a love potion, to make you my utter slave bound to me with unnatural lustful desires," Demisette announced casually, "or a deadly distillation of Deathweed and Essence of Agony... I get the two of them confused." She giggled as Jonathan shrugged and took a sip. 

"Tastes like mulled wine" he commented, taking another sip.

"Well, I've got to hide my potions in something!" she exclaimed with faux exasperation.

The conversation continued as Jonathan and Demisette sat down on her bed, the package of food unpacked between them. They feasted on soft banana bread, slices of Goldenbark apples, and Dwarven mild cheddar brought in from Ironforge. they caught up the news about their other friends from the orphanage. Cloyse complained about the limitations of the arcane curriculum and how to boring her teachers were. "They tell us the dangers of demons, and studying the darker side of the arcane - but they won't tell us anything more!" Jonathan smiled, grateful that he was not the one trying to withhold information from his friend; her curiosity was relentless, and would doubtless get her into trouble one of these days.

Finally, they finished their repast. Jonathan stood and went over to the window. "I really am not looking forward to going out there again," he said.

"So stay the night. Ursula will be delightfully scandalized!" Cloyse offered.

"Yeah, we've discussed that. Sneaking in late at night is one thing; sneaking out again in broad daylight is something else again."

"Afraid?" Demisette taunted.

"Sure, And not critically stupid," Jon answered. He had learned the hard way not to allow himself to be manipulated with such an obvious gambit.

"Well, there is nothing saying you have to leave quite yet, is there?" Demisette said, her voice low and husky. Jonathan turned around at the change in her voice.

Still,on the bed, Demisette had let her blue and grey evening robe come undone, revealing how little she had worn underneath. The woman's raven-black hair fell down around her shoulders. Her brown eyes were narrowed, and her smile promised mischief. Her breasts were contained in red lace, and she wore what looked to me soft mageweave panties that matched. Her breath as shallow as she reveled in Jon's stunned reaction.

"Exercise before bed helps the digestion Jonny..." she purred.

"Demi, I don't know if this is a good idea... " began Jon, fascinated by the sight before him as a mouse before a coiling serpent. 

"Oh, its almost certainly not a good idea... but I want to do it anyways," Demisette joked with her friend. "You love me, Jon. You've loved me for years and we've never so much as kissed."

"Well, now I want to be kissed," she added. "I want to be kissed...on my lips," she pursed her lips at Jon. 

"I want you to kiss my neck," she said, running her fingers lightly across her throat.

"I want you to kiss my breasts." Her fingers splayed softly across the red lace of her brassiere. Her voice caught as her fingers played with her erect nipples through the sheer material. "I want you to kiss these... bite these..." She moaned, her eyes dancing with excitement, enjoying how Jonathan could not look away, and had barely remembered to breathe. She could see the bulge betraying his excitement through his trousers. "How does that sound, dear Jon?"

Jonathan struggled to find his voice. "Ah...delightful, but... "

"But? Well, if you like, you can kiss my tight, taut butt as well... but if you do, remember to use lots of tongue, "Demisette teased, half lost in a memory of herself and her roommate Ursula exploring each other's bodies in the midnight hours. Ursula had used her tongue to caress Demisette's tight, pink asshole, and the sensation had been divine. Demisette hoped that Jonathan would prove just as uninhibited. "Or you can kiss... and lick... and suck... this." Demisette's hands dropped to the front other panties, and she massaged herself through them. 

Jonathan blushed as the front of her panties became moist, the fabric darkening with the wet evidence of her arousal. "Well, that would clearly be quite enjoyable, yes... but we shouldn't do this," he pleaded. "You don't love me, not like that. The priests say... "

"... the priests of the Light are joyless. They are the dry, lifeless husks of humankind, and don't know the meaning of fun. maybe I don't love you in the way you love me, " she admitted, "with all of the romance and lovey dovey stuff, but I am not offering marriage." She pulled her mageweave panties aside, showing Jonathan the mount beneath. Sparsely covered with black hair, her labia glistened with her excitement. "I am offering you the chance to taste me... to touch me... to ride me. I want to be your first, Jon... your first, and your best." Her fingers began to stroke her intimate flesh, one hand spreading herself open lewdly, the other running up and down from clitoris to the lower part of her spread-open labia, dipping into the depths under Jonathan's gaze.

"Come to me, Jon... let me take your cock inside me. Make me your slut, your whore..." she said, all the while writhing and moaning under the assault of her own fingers. "Fill me with your seed. Ride me like a stallion... " Demisette's excitement grew by the second, her own shameless words further inflaming her desire. Being watched while she pleasured herself was driving her wild. 

Jonathan was torn between conflicting impulses. Most of him wanted to abandon all sense of propriety - not that propriety had much of a hold on his soul in the first place - and fall upon her like a ravening beast, splitting her open with his cock, rutting with her in heedless hedonistic abandonment... but there remained a part of him that kept his feet rooted to where they were. The sights and scents of her entreaties had his cock aching for release. 

What stopped him were two things. First of all, her admission that she might care for him as a friend but did not return his love had confirmed to Jon what he already knew; although he might conquer her body, he would never have her heart, and he was not at all sure if his sanity could survive having one without the other. And second of all, Jonathan knew what Demisette did not; that another friend at the Stormwind Orphanage had been in love with Demisette for almost as long as Jon had. Dayn FitzSilver was not an orphan, as such; his family had sent him to become a knight of the Order of the Silver Hand. FitzSilver has an aspirant sworn to that Order - he spent his days learning how to become a paladin warrior of the Light at the Cathedral, and at night ate and slept with the orphans, as did all the aspirants. Dayn had confided his love to Jonathan, and Jonathan could not bring himself to betray that trust, not for anything less than true love.

"Oh, Jonny... come make me feel good... " Demisette continued, her hips grinding against her hands, her eyes closed. "Let me see your cock... make it hard for me, and stroke it for me while I do this... please Jonny? I want you to pleasure yourself... " Her excitement grew, the uninhibited nature of her fantasies enhanced by being given words, and two fingers, then three, began to plow her furrow instead of one. She felt herself cresting toward an explosive orgasm, and that spurred to her to greater heights. "Yes, pleasure yourself for me... them cum for me. Shower me in your seed, Jon. want to feel it on my breasts... my cunt... my mouth. Cum on my cunt, and then I'll clean you off with my mouth..." Demisette felt her orgasm explode through her, shaking her body with tremors of uncontrollable release. Slowly, she calmed... and then felt a blast of cold air freeze the seat upon her body.

Jonathan was gone, and only the open window remained.