 Note from the author: I had a couple of E-Mails asking about Kistle's attire in the previous chapter. When she fell into the lake, she was wearing her chemise. A chemise in those days, was almost nothing like the ones that we see today. It used to be a thick, white garment that reached the ankles of a woman, and was worn below the dress and above the drawers/pantaloons etc. 

I do hope that this clears up any remaining doubt, though I can't imagine anyone thinking of Kistle running around in a chemise that Paris Hilton wears as a dress :P

Lillian.

A Marq's Woman

Chapter Six

Lillian K. Rockmore

"Because she's my sister."

"She's your what?" Rade spat, incredulous. He watched as Tyson shot him a sheepish glance, then returned his gaze to the table. "How could you…?"

"Yes. I know what I've been doing. You don't have to look at me like that," Ty said and took another long gulp of the searing liquid. He looked his dearest friend in the eye. "But I love her, Rade."

"Yes, I do love my sister as well. But not…like that. Gods, brother, what could you have been thinking?" Rade leaned back in his chair, still struggling to accept the bit of information Tyson had told him. It seemed impossible that the two were related, much less siblings. The resemblance was minimal!

"I was thinking about the way she smiles, the way she laughs, the way she… nevermind. Would you believe it if I tell you that only the thought of her kept me alive when I was wounded during the war on Lismus?"

Rade remembered the time when Tyson had limped back to camp after a fierce battle, bereft of his armor and splatters of blood staining his torso. Rade had thought the blood hadn't been Ty's at first, but soon realized that his friend had been hurt badly. Fatigue had caused Ty to collapse into a fever for two days. Rade had been afraid that he'd lose his first-in-command and best friend.

But now, hearing Ty confess that the only thing that had given him the courage to stay alive was the love for his sister, made a feeling close to tenderness rise inside him. He never thought a hard man like Tyson would ever fall in love – thought that his hardness would make him incapable of doing so – but he'd been proved wrong. 

"I can't stand it, Rade. I can't stand knowing that even now, my child can be growing in her womb. I can't stand knowing that people would call her my whore instead of my wife. It's not like that between us, Rade. I swear, 'tisn't."

The impassioned cry struck a cord in Rade's heart. He didn't want to see his friend unhappy. And besides, if Ty wasn't in the right frame of mind, he wouldn't be able to train the men well. 

"Can I do anything to help, then?" Rade offered.

Ty laughed without humor. "Put a spell on Ginny to make her change her mind? Not bloody likely."

Rade's face remained stoic. "I could do that, you know."

Tyson turned to stare at Rade, his eyes mirroring disbelief. "Haven't you been listening, Rade? I love that woman. I could never do that to her!"

Rade shrugged and settled back in his seat, stretching his long legs out before him.

"Maybe she's afraid that your parents will not allow the communion."

"Her mother, you mean? We are not related by blood, Rade. Merely marriage. As to your question, mayhap she is afraid of her mother. The woman was a witch even when I was a wee boy."

"Then I suggest that you ask her mother for her hand. If the woman is willing, Ginny can't say no."

"Yes, she can," Ty said dejectedly. "She loves me, but doesn't want to marry me. Gods, what have I done to deserve this?"

"Have you told her that you love her?"

The question made Ty sit up from his slouched position. Surely, he had told her that he did…hadn't he?

"I – I think so," he said finally. Rade raised an eyebrow in his direction.

"How did you propose marriage to her, Ty?"

Tyson looked uneasy. "I just said that considering how we've been together for these few days, we should get married. I also added that she could be with child now and…" He was stopped by Rade's hand.

"Did you tell her you love her?"

"Well, no. But I assumed…"

"You can't assume with women, Ty," Rade sighed. "They need to be told these things. My sister Venus didn't agree to her marriage until Riccarde confessed his love for her. The love that they shared was apparent to everyone, but Venus just had to be told. I suppose that it's the same for all women."

Tyson nodded, savoring the tip that Rade had given him. Then, as quickly as he'd downed the wine, he rose and started for the stairs. 

"Thank you, brother," he said, laying a hand on Rade's shoulder. Rade nodded, placing one of his large palms atop his friend's. They shared a moment of understanding before Tyson turned and left, his bootless feet making no sound on the tiles. Rade sighed and sipped his wine, his thoughts shifting to the sprite that he'd left alone in the tower. 

She was a keeper. 

He smiled at that thought, his body relaxing as he let the wine wield its magic. For all her innocent giggles and guileless looks, she was a fiery thing in bed and he liked that about her. She had spirit, as he'd deduced when he'd spied on her making mischief in the gardens with Ginny. She was beautiful as well, with golden locks that looked like they'd captured sunlight, and those violet eyes that could tip him into release. 

Yes, she was a woman worth keeping. 

He'd had love slaves before – women he'd kept and plundered, then let loose. The longest that he'd ever held an interest in any woman, was two months. After that, whoever it was, was a woman who was free to do as she pleased. 

But there was something about Kistle that made him want to keep her permanently. He did not wish to marry her – the very thought caused him to shudder – but he could make her his own... mistress. 

Yes, Rade nodded as the thought took root. She would do very well as his mistress. In fact, the idea of Kistle as his mistress was almost perfect. Her body was one that was made for loving. 

He knew Kistle would have no one to turn to if he let her go; she would be penniless with no means to survive. Thus, he was almost certain that she would be ecstatic if he made her his mistress. Yes, she would be most ecstatic. And he would ask her on the morrow. 

*

Those eyes were staring at her, and almost immediately, she felt a sense of calm spread through her body. 

She had had this dream since childhood, where she would be gazing into obsidian black orbs that could only be someone's eyes. And whenever she saw those eyes, all worries would flee her mind, leaving her at peace. 

She sighed as the corner of those eyes crinkled, as though the person looking at her was smiling. An undeniable urge to giggle was rising in her throat, but almost as quickly as the indentations of a smile appeared, they receded, and now, the eyes mirrored only a bleak sense of loss. 

Unknowingly, Kistle cried out in her sleep, her fingers reaching out to desperately clasp the hands of the person who was turning away from her, but to no avail. She thrashed on the big bed, only to come awake when gentle, but firm hands held her down. 

"Another nightmare?" a husky voice asked. 

"Well, no, not really," Kistle whispered after a moment's thought. She could only vaguely make out Rade's form in the darkness, for his skin was almost as dark as the night that surrounded them. 

"Would you like to talk of it?" Rade asked, his fingers drawing gentle circles where they lay on Kistle's shoulder. It's such a feminine shoulder, Rade thought to himself, feeling a streamer of desire shoot through him when he remember how such a feminine creature could turn as wild as a hellcat when rubbed the right way. He smiled devilishly into the night, knowing that she wouldn't be able to see him do so.

"Why're you smiling?" Kistle murmured, watching the whiteness of his teeth flash bright against his skin. 

"How did you know I was smiling?" 

"I could see your teeth. It's rather white against your skin," she said truthfully.

"Brat," Rade said with a laugh and leaned down to nip at what he thought was her ear. 

"Ow!"

"What?"

"My lip. You bit it!"

"Oh. I'm sorry, little one," he said, amused. "Here, let's make it better."

Kistle made a muffled sound as she felt Rade's lips slide over hers, soothing the painful nip that he'd taken out of them. She started with surprise when she felt his tongue lave her lips, coating them with an essence that she felt rather comfortable with. His hands on her shoulders were massaging them now, kneading the soft, tanned flesh tenderly. She felt her lightning bolts of pleasure sizzle in her belly when his mouth traced the silky curve of her neck and throat to find the swell of her pert breasts. 

Rade was pleased when he noted that her nipples were already puckered and pouting for his attention. And even in the moonlight, they seemed to look as inviting as sin. 

"You have the most beautiful breasts," he breathed against the quivering mounds. 

"Really? A few girls at the Chapel called me 'flat' once. As a Sister, I shouldn't have been hurt by the comment, but I was…"

Rade laughed, sending his heated breath traipsing across her sensitive flesh. 

"Nay, little one. You are not small. You are perfect."

Kistle felt a blush creep up her neck at his appraisal, and her fingers went instinctively to the curls of his hair when his mouth enveloped a straining nipple into its burning heat. The breath caught in her throat, making her elicit a mangled sound of longing. Rade's frame shuddered lightly at the sound. 

"I don't understand this," she choked out when almost all her senses had been extinguished. 

"What do you not understand, little love?" Rade asked as he reversed their positions swiftly so that she was straddling his waist. 

"This. This reaction of mine when you touch me. I don't understand this at all!"

'Neither do I' was the first response that came to Rade's mind, for he didn't think he'd ever reacted to a woman's body so potently before. The tryst in the garden proved that he could not keep his hands off her even when there was a chance that someone might see their coupling. He would take the chance of looking weak-willed in front of his men, just to sheath himself in her soft body. It was madness, that's what it was. And the worst thing was that he did not want it to end. 

"Well, Kistle," he said, his fingers reaching up to cup her generous caramel cheeks. "Some things do not need explanations. This," his fingers slid over her puckered nub, "is one of them."

"Oh, Goddess," she whimpered when he pulled her down roughly and passionately engulfed a waiting nipple. There were no clothes to hinder the caress of his fingers as they stole beneath the coverlet and skimmed across her wet lips. She jerked in reflex and arched her back violently when his thumb found the slick bundle of nerves at her core. He used her own juices to lubricate his thumb, and massaged her sensitive spot until she had no option but to close her eyes and accept the ecstasy that coursed through her small frame. 

His fingers were relentless as they plundered her soft flesh, sliding into her rippling heat, then pulling out when she would've come apart around him. She endured the torture for as long as she could, driving him on with pants and half-screams as she rode his fingers. But it wasn't enough. Dear Goddess, it wasn't enough. 

"Please…" she begged, her fingers gripping his hand in order to force him to stay within her, to give her some sort of release. But the strength of her grip was easily overpowered by him as he slid his fingers out of her. She could feel his rigid flesh curling against her bottom and wondered why he wouldn't just take her. She knew it would be heaven for both of them.

"Take me, please," she begged, on the precipice of pleasure. She needed him, she wanted him. Goddess help her. 

"I'm here, little one, for you to take," Rade whispered, the tightening of his loins nearly painful enough to make him lose control. 

"What do you mean?" she cried, her hips moving over his pelvic bone, her pussy rubbing against his smooth flesh. 

"Stop that, wench," he commanded, holding her hips down with his hands. She whimpered, protesting against his hold. She knew release was near. 

Thank God, Rade thought as he held her hips. Another movement of her curved flesh would have had him disgracing himself. 

His hands pushed her back until she was straddling his rigid length. He felt her gasp as her moistness found his heated flesh. 

"Now, it's your turn, Kistle. I'm here. Take me."

Kistle's eyes locked onto his, and a shiver ran over her skin at the intensity that she saw in them. 

"Take me, Kistle. Take me, please."

The groan was torn from the longing in his soul. 

Kistle felt the power of a female fill her as she stared down at Rade, watching him begging her to take him into her sheath. It was a beautiful kind of power that made her ache to love him until he spurted inside her. 

Her fingers dug into his hips as she raised herself to an appropriate height and grasped his thickness in her fingers. He felt so good; she could feel his life's blood pulsing beneath the surface. Slowly, as though afraid to err, she guided him to her awaiting lips. 

She felt a shudder run through Rade as she descended upon his shaft, gradually taking every inch of him into her. A feeling of fullness spread through her body when she was seated on him wholly, her hips grinding with his. She moved as instinct taught her to move, sliding gently to the front and back until his hands guided her up his shaft, then down again. 

His eyes were tightly shut, fists curled, muscles tensed for the colossal relief that only one person could give him. And when he felt his sacs tighten in forewarning, he groaned only one name. 

Kistle.

*

Scar shifted home, in anticipation of finding her lover naked and in bed, awaiting her arrival. She smiled as she moved through the grey planes, then finally re-materialized at the home that the two women shared on Farrow's hill.

"Re – ouch!" she started when something sharp cut into her foot. Scar looked down to find a spray of thick glass on the floor of their foyer. Instant alarm ripped through her lanky frame. 

"Remy?" Gods, the windows were broken. The door was hanging on its hinges as well. Where the fuck was Remy?

"Remy, honey, where are you?" 

Scar frantically began to go through the rooms, one by one, calling out for her lover as she entered each room. But no one answered her desperate calls. 

'Remy, oh Gods, Remy!' her mind was screaming. She raked a hand through her dark hair, panic already rising like bile in her throat. Where could she be?

"Remy, please, don't play with me. Where are you?"

There was no answer, except for the howl of the chilly wind that whipped through the glass-less windows. 

And then she heard it, a muffled thump in the bedroom. Scar ran as fast as her legs could carry her back to the room that they shared, to find Remy in a pale heap on the floor in front of the cupboard. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing shallowly. 

"Remy! Love, what happened?" Scar lifted the small woman into her arms and watched as those beautiful hazel eyes were revealed by fluttering eyelids. 

"Scar? Is that you?" Remy raised her hand, and all six of her fingers caressed Scar's face. Scar felt a tear glisten at the corner of her eyes.

"Remy, what happened? Oh Gods, I should never have left you alone. Are you hurt?" she asked, her fingers moving over bone and flesh to check for wounds. 

"No, no, I'm not. And 'twas the Nire boys. They knew you were gone and they started throwing stones at the windows. I didn't know what to do so I hid in the closet."

Remy was taking deep breaths of air, as though she hadn't been breathing right in a long while. Scar ran a hand through her lover's flaxen hair, cursing herself to be all kinds of a fool to leave a woman without protection alone in a house. She should've known that the superstitious villagers would come for her. 

"How long have you been in there?" Scar asked once she'd carried Remy to the bed and tucked her into the pink sheets that she adored. She was reluctant to release the small woman's precious weight. 

"I'm not sure. They started throwing the stones about two hours after you'd left."

That would make it half a day, Scar realized. Those bastards were going to pay. 

"Have you eaten anything? You must be tired. I'll just boil some water -," Remy started, only to be cut off by Scar's soft kiss. 

"What did I do to deserve you, hmm?" Scar said when she pulled back. Her lover had been starved of air for the whole day, and probably hadn't eaten as well, but the only thing she worried about was Scar. Remy was much too good for her. 

"Rest, love. I'll make us something to eat. Don't get up, all right? Just rest. I'll be right back."

"No, it's fine. I'm fine, really." 

Remy struggled to get out of bed, but Scar simply pushed her gently back onto the mattress and growled 'stay' before bounding out of the room. 

*

Tyson had his arms around Ginny's waist, his chin resting on the top of her head. He could feel the beat of her heart under his palm, the smell of Lavender in her hair but most importantly, he could spy the jiggle of her breasts whenever Diane took a swift turn. Her small hands were on the pommel, her grip relaxed as though she wasn't afraid of falling from the vast height. And the Gods knew that she had no reason to be afraid when she was with him. 

They spotted their family's cloud from a distance, and Ginny sat up on the airhorse, remembering all the other times when Ty would take her out on a ride to the town and buy her the ribbons that she had coveted once, long ago. She had had to give them up when she entered the Chapel and till today, she felt that those ribbons were the ones that she missed the most, apart from Tyson himself. Her fingers tightened on the arm that lay possessively across her waist when she remembered all those years that she'd been apart from him. It was painful to think of it now. She did not know how she had survived without him by her side. 

Ginny smiled when she remembered his confession last night. 'I love you, shaz'ra' he'd said. She had cried and smiled all at the same time – out of happiness and love. 

She would've been happy with his heart, but he went on, asking her to marry him on his knees. Her joy knew no bounds. 

"I hope your mother is available," Tyson said into her ear, guiding the airhorse into a smooth descent. In truth, she was very worried about meeting Lady Rayna. He had always thought her a little too prudish, and couldn't understand what his father had seen in the woman to begin with. 

"Yes, I hope so, too," Ginny said, turning her face up to place a kiss on his chin. 

Her cheeks glow beautifully, Tyson thought. The knowledge that her love has been returned has put that glow there. 

"Why don't you seek her out first while I tether Diane?" Tyson offered, noticing Ginny's eagerness to see her mother. 

"Yes, that would be wonderful. Thank you." 

She leaned up and pressed a kiss to his cheek before scurrying off in a swirling of skirts. Tyson gazed after the sprite, and only when Diane sidestepped did he realize that he had been daydreaming again. 

"Get out, you whore!"

Tyson turned to the direction of the shout, just a moment before Ginny was pushed out of the home that they'd grown up in. He was at her side in an instant, helping her stand and brushing the dust out of her skirts. A rage was building within him, and he feared that if he turned to face his step-mother, he would kill the bitch with his sword. He took several deep breaths to calm himself. 
