 The story has taken a darker turn, but I hope you enjoy it anyway. 

Chapter eight is in the works. 

*This one's for Laxmy, the woman who waits eagerly for my work. Thank you for your support 

*

Kistle hurried up the stairs to the tower, feeling trepidation flutter in her belly. She had received a summons from him, ordering her to ascend the tower as quickly as possible. The urgency and importance of the bold scrawl had a million thoughts rioting through her mind. 

Was something wrong? Had Ginny been hurt? Had the war begun? Had...

She quickly unlatched the door and scurried inside, skirts ruffling against the cold floors. A gasp tore from her throat when hands encased her shoulders, pulling her roughly to the belly of the shadowed room. She tensed, as any woman would, then let out a huff when she realized who it was. 

"Rade, you don't have to manhandle me so," she snapped, pulling at the hands that were now sliding across her neck. Kistle stilled when she felt a warm hand tighten around her the slender column, severing her source of air. She waited for him to release her, but he didn't. And when everything around her began to float about like little golden angels, she realized that he wasn't going release her. This wasn't a game that would end in lovemaking. It definitely wasn't. 

She bucked as fast and as hard as she could, uttering a keening cry as she did. He didn't let go, his hold didn't slacken. Her arms began to flail around, and she brought the heel of her foot up and struck him on his shin. 

He let her go with a vile curse, one hand still buried in the silk of her sleeves. Kistle tore herself away, not caring when her beloved dress was ripped at the sleeve. As quickly as she could, she pried the door open and fled down the stairs. 

She ran past the large dining hall, past the stables and across the gardens. Once, she had looked back to see if he was following her, and had been shocked to see that he was, though he had a terrible limp. Her eyes had moved from his knee to his face, and the fierce look on it had her scampering even faster. 

And then, the futility of the situation hit her. She could go no where that he wouldn't find her. She could only run to the end of the cloud, and no where else. Kistle looked around frantically for a weapon, and found the stack of attack lances beside the soldiers that were training. 

She looked back again. He was nearing her. She made a lunge for the nearest lance, a sharp, black spear that was too thick for her hand. Another hand closed around it and she held it in the air, pointing the sharp tip at him. It was a challenge and both parties knew it. 

"You will stop there!" she yelled, panting from fear and exhaustion. Her order seemed to amuse him, for she saw a flash of his teeth as he came closer. 

He was barely five yards away from her now.

"I will put this through you! Stay back!" she warned, shifting her grip on the weapon. There must have been something in her eyes, for he paused in mid-limp. Kistle grimly noted that there was blood staining his knee. 

"Put the weapon down, Kistle." His command was clear and low. She didn't move a muscle.

"No! No, I will not put it down! You tried to kill me! I will not put this down!" Her words were even, with only a slight tremor giving away her state of anxiety, anger and... hurt?

"After what you did, you're lucky that I didn't slit your throat or throw you to my men!"

"After what I did? You make no sense!" Kistle lowered the weapon for a moment, relaxing her hand, then lifted it into the air again. 

"Oh, don't pretend to be the innocent, Kistle. I saw you dallying with Quinn with my own two eyes!"

"Ha! Maybe you need a third one, then, for the two you have seem to be misleading you! I consider Sir Quinn a friend, the only one I have around here aside from Ginny. We were merely talking, Rade. Talking!"

"Talking? Really? I don't think so, Kistle. Not by the way you were leaning towards him and laughing at his jests!"

Kistle threw the lance, rage spurting through her as hot and as potent as the desire that she had felt just the morning before. She smiled with satisfaction when he dodged the lance by a slim margin. She was diving for another lance when she was pulled away by brawny arms and held captive. Kistle kicked and screamed, but nothing worked as her captor held her effortlessly still. 

If Kistle had glanced up, she would have seen Tyson's stoic face trying hard to suppress a smile. Damn, but the men were having great fun watching their Leader being battered and bruised by the slip of a girl. 

Kistle watched unblinkingly as Rade strode towards her, fists clenched and breathing heavily. She refused to show the slightest hint of fear. 

He stood over her, staring into her eyes, and she felt the rage, the hurt and the mistrust that emanated from him. Well, she thought. His mistrust was sorely misplaced. 

"I did not dally with Sir Quinn." Her voice was flinty. 

"I'm not sure if I believe you." His voice was equally flinty. 

"Why should I care if you believe me or not?"

Another challenge. She didn't know where her courage came from, but the courage made her feel good. It made her feel more alive as a person... she felt as though she was discovering more of the woman that Mother Agnetta had buried so long ago. 

"Why?" Rade's eyebrows rose. "You should care because I own you."

"How dare you? You do not own me! The fact that I share your bed does not make me yours!"

"Does it not? Who do you belong to, then? It is not as though you have a mother, father or siblings. You have no one, Kistle. No one, but me. You don't have a choice but to accept that. I own you."

Kistle tried hard not to let his comment affect her deeply. But it had, and she felt tears prickling the back of her eyelids. He had just stated the truth of her situation. She did, indeed, have no one else. And it broke her heart that he could use that to her disadvantage. 

"I will not accept it," Kistle whispered, but she knew it was useless. The discussion had already been subjected to closure. 

"Let go of her, Ty," Rade commanded, gripping Kistle by the arm. He noticed her flinch, but didn't ease his hold. His knee was killing him and needed attention, but first, he had to bring Kistle back to the tower and lock her in it before she got herself into more trouble. 

He had taken only a step toward the manor when a young boy ran over to him, a missive clutched in his hand. The boy stopped about five feet away and bowed to him before coming closer and handing Rade the square piece of parchment. 

"It arrived for you an hour ago, sir. From a Lady Venus. The missive was delivered to the town's mail centre, sir. My Papa sent me to give this to you." The little boy bowed again. 

"It's a long ride from town," Kistle croaked through bloodless lips, still light-headed by Rade's words. "Would you like a glass of goat's milk, young man?"

"No, lady. Thank you," the boy declined, even though Kistle could see the longing in his eyes. She had heard about some of the towns before, and their state of poverty. She had never seen the towns before, but the new Sisters who had enrolled themselves would tell of the dire state that the townspeople were in. Kistle hadn't had to worry about poverty, for the Chapel had been generously funded. 

"Niall!" Rade called out to one of the young soldiers. "Get the boy something to eat."

Rade tucked the missive into his pocket after scanning it bleakly. He took hold of Kistle's arm and dragged her with him to the tower. At the base of the stairs, he told her to ascend the tower and remain there until he returned. The order in itself was a warning that should she disobey him, she would not like the consequences. 

When Rade heard the satisfying click of the tower's door, he hobbled into the library and placed the glowing Messball on the reader. As Venus had stated in the letter, there had been a message from the King that awaited him. 

"Sir Rade,

Your father has taken ill. The Royal physician fears that the illness is fatal. You have been given ten days of absence to visit your father. I suggest that you make the appropriate arrangements before you leave. 

King Dominique the Hundredth."

Rade closed his eyes for a moment, feeling grief wash over him. His father, the man who had taught him about being a warrior, was dying. And it pained Rade that he wasn't by his father's side. 

He re-opened his eyes a moment later, in control of himself. He would not let grief seize to his heart. Not here, not now. Perhaps when he was by his father's side, he would allow himself a few tears, but until then, he would hold himself in check. 

He summoned Tyson, and whilst waiting for his friend, examined the wound that hurting the hell out of his shin. Gingerly, he rolled his breeches up to his thigh and peered at the bloody red sight that greeted him. Damn women's heels, he thought as he tore off a strip of his shirt and cleaned the injury as best as he could. Then he tore another piece of cloth and wound it around the injured area. 

"You wanted to see me?" Tyson asked from the doorway. Rade looked up and beckoned Ty to sit. Rade then showed his friend the message from the King. 

"You will be going home, brother?" Tyson asked.

"Yes. I wouldn't if I had the choice, but as you can tell, the leave was more of an order than a choice."

"Of course. If the fighting starts whilst you're away..."

"Rest assured that I will be on my way home before any of our soldiers raise their swords."

Tyson nodded grimly, disliking the idea that his leader would not be here to train the soldiers when war was approaching. 

"Ten days, Ty. I will be back," Rade said tightly, noticing that blood had begun to seep through the cloth tied around his shin.

"Of course. I'll ensure that everything goes as planned, brother. Will you be taking the girl as well?"

Rade answered without hesitation. "Yes. She will travel with me. Only the Gods know what mischief she'd be up to if I left her here alone. Would you mind heading to the tower and telling her to assemble her belongings? If I manage to tidy up some final details, we can ship off within the afternoon."

"I'll order the Seconders to get the ship ready." Tyson rose to leave. "'Tis a pity that you're missing the wedding, Rade."

Wedding? Oh Gods! The wedding had completely slipped his mind. Rade struggled for an appropriate response. 

"Oh. Yes, Ginny. I apologize. Extend my apologies to her, will you? I'll get you a bottle of Bitter Wine as repentance," Rade offered. 

"Of course. That would be nice. Though I heard from Ginny that Kistle had been terribly excited about the wedding. She helped tailor the dress, you know, Rade."

Tyson could see the tightening of the hard lines on Rade's face. 

"I do not wish to talk about her, Ty."

"She is not Millicent, Rade. You have to understand that!" Tyson exploded. 

Rade sucked in a breath. No one had ever spoken to him about Millicent, not even Tyson. It was a survival instinct that kept everyone from shying away from that topic. 

All in the Marq court knew exactly how she had played him – him and the other three men. So craftily she had handled him, with her pretty little hands, low-necked gowns and sexual perfumes. He hadn't thought of Millicent in years, but her impact on him could probably survive through time itself. 

"How do you know, Ty? She could be as sinful as they come," Rade growled.

"A pretty face does not make one a harlot."

"How do you know?" Rade repeated, anger boiling beneath the surface. 

"I know that she isn't Millicent, Rade. I know."

Tyson turned and left the room. 

Rade lowered his head to his hands and took deep, gulping breaths. He would not think of her, he would not! He had buried her deep in his mind, where she would do no harm. Yes. She would do him no harm.

*

He had tried to kill her. 

Kistle did her best to blot the vivid image of Rade encircling his hands around her neck out of her head, but could not. She had not expected this from him. Just that morning, she had awoken to his gentle fondling, loving nipping and blissful lovemaking. And a few hours later... he had tried to kill her!

Why? 

Kistle didn't believe that he had tried to kill her because she had talked to Sir Quinn. The thought was beyond comprehension. She would not believe that he wouldn't trust her to be alone with another man for a few minutes. After all, she hadn't given him reason to trust her loyalty, had she? It was true that she'd found Sir Quinn mildly attractive, but that did not mean she would be sharing sheets with him anytime soon. 

The Goddess had said in her scrolls, 'If a man has only one woman, then the woman, in return, should have only one man.' Kistle believed in everything the Goddess said with no exceptions. She would never think about lying with another man... unless Rade had laid with another woman first. 

But Rade did not believe in the Goddess. For all she knew, the Gods that he worshipped would encourage him to have multiple women. Just the thought of that moved Kistle and whipped a maelstrom of emotions in her. She did not want to share him. 

You have no one, Kistle. No one, but me. You don't have a choice but to accept that. I own you.

The sentences had replayed over and over again in her mind, but the more she heard it, the more she sensed that there had been an underlying current in those words. Yes, it had been authoritative, but when Rade had said them, they had also held a note of desperation. It was as though he had been trying to plead with her to accept his dominance, his ownership. He had highlighted her plight to show her that she had no one to depend on but him... because he wanted her to depend on him. 

What in heaven was she talking about? The man had tried to choke the air from her body and the only thing she could do was try to make excuses for his behavior so that it would not tarnish her image of him in her mind. She had lost her senses!

The man was barbaric. She would never permit him to touch her again and she would most certainly never take pleasure in him again. It chilled her when she glanced in the mirror and noticed the horrid blue-black streaks of his fingertips on her skin. Oh Goddess. The harsh reality that those marks brought her back to scared her. 

She was in the hands of a man who wanted to kill her. And she had no where to run. 

But perhaps she would be able to run off and survive in the towns. She was an adept seamstress, and she would definitely be able to serve meals. If she ran to the towns and disguised herself as a seamstress, changed her name and powdered her hair, he wouldn't be able to identify her, would he?

As the thought took root, she rose from where she was seated with her back against the door and began gathering her belongings. All she had were two chemises, and the lavender dress that Ginny had lent her. As quickly as she could, she threw them into a black sack that she found in the cupboard and tied it up with a string. She was just about to leave the room when a knock sounded at the door. 

Frantically, Kistle threw the bag under the large bed before calling for the person to enter. 

"Lady Kistle," Tyson said upon entering. "Sir Rade has asked of you to gather your belongings. You are scheduled to leave this afternoon."

For one, brief second, Kistle allowed herself to imagine that she was being sent back to the town and that she was being rid of Rade. She bravely fought the emotions that rose to the surface at the thought. 

"I am leaving for town?" Kistle asked, breathless. "I am being set free?"

Tyson raised an eyebrow. "Nay, Lady Kistle. You are to be traveling with Rade to Marqatia. You leave in an hour. I suggest you make haste in assembling your things."

"Oh. Yes, of course, sir. Will I be forgoing the wedding, then?" 

Kistle held her breath for his answer. She had been anxiously awaiting Ginny's wedding, and the possibility that she would be missing the occasion was heart-breaking. 

"You will."

Kistle willed herself not to cry. She consoled herself with the fact that even if she were to stay in Kierania, she would not have been able to see the wedding for she would have run away by the time. 

"If that is all, I will begin with the packing, sir. Thank you."

Sir Tyson looked as though he was about to say something, but instead, he nodded and left the tower. 

The first tear rolled down her cheek and Kistle wiped it away with a spiteful hand. All her life, she had done nothing but cry and accept. It was about time she made a change. 

Kistle dashed for the bag and began to put in the clothing articles that had tumbled out of it. When she was done, she made for the door and scurried down the stairs...

Only to find that he had been waiting for her, casually lounging by the base of the stairwell, waiting for her to make her escape. Kistle's breath caught, but she didn't give up. She attempted to run past him, but he caught her waist, hauling her back against his body. Kistle remembered the last time she had been held like that by him – the time that accounted for her bruises – and struggled like a fish caught in a net. 

"Let me go!" she shouted, but it was of no use. He was carrying her, she realized, but she didn't know where he was taking her. She kicked at him, punched him, but he kept her at arms' length, and thus, she could not do much damage. 

Then, she felt the softness of a mattress at her back, a swift, sharp pain and everything went black. 

*

Rade stared at her sleeping form, replaying Ty's words in his mind. The horse-ship was already in motion, and its rough jiggling mirrored the rioting thoughts in his mind. 

Kistle let out a pained moan and stirred, making Rade sit up from his slouched position. He had been watching her for half a day now, ever since they had departed from Kierania. He knew he should not have knocked her out, but he also knew it was too late for regrets. What was done, was done, and there was no way to turn the clock around. 

She is not Millicent, Rade.

Damn Tyson and his interference. He had no inkling of the pain that came with the knowledge that one had been played by a pretty face. He did not know how one's heart could hurt when it was ripped apart by genteel hands. He did not know the pain that came with trusting any woman with love. Tyson didn't know the pain and disgrace that Rade had been through ten years ago. 

And though it had been a long time since Rade thought about her, the pain that her memory brought back was raw. 

Kistle's eyelashes fluttered open, and Rade watched with cold eyes as she struggled to adapt to her new surroundings. He reached out and lit a candlestick. 

Almost immediately, Kistle gasped and rolled away to the far corner of the bed, her eyes large and wary of him. Her breath came out in short, little pants that raised the delicious mounds of her breasts to his gaze. And even through a haze of anger and pain, Rade felt bolts of lust shoot through his body. 

"Come here," he commanded, watching as Kistle swallowed thickly. Her violet eyes were darting toward the door; her plans for escape couldn't have been more obvious. 

"The door is bolted, Kistle. I have the key. Come here," he repeated. He heard her breath rasp in the relatively small confines of the cabin. 

"No," she said, shaking her head. A strand of her honey-kissed tresses slipped from her shoulder and traced the curve of her breasts. 

"I will give you one final chance to come here. Or you'll suffer the consequences."

"I will not move! You will kill me if I come near you!" Her voice was trembling, and so was her body. He could tell that she was desperately trying to hide her fear of him, but it was in vain. He knew just how afraid she was.
