 Chapter 1

"Another day, another shitty paycheck."

Nadia shouldered open the door to her modest one bedroom apartment, trying to hold the three full bags of groceries before the bottoms of the cheap recycled plastic gave out. She managed to get them onto her kitchen counter just in time. She sighed.

She caught her reflection in the mirror on the closet next to the door. Cloudy grey eyes staring out from behind matted brown, unkempt hair. She brushed it out of the way, blinking away a strand that had caught itself in her eyelashes. She'd never really filled in, the way her friends had in high school. She had small breasts, barely-handfuls hiding under her loose fitting store uniform. She was skinny, almost waifish, with a voracious metabolism. And at 6'1, she towered over a lot of her peers. Which sucked, sometimes. It was awesome when it came to grabbing stuff from a high shelf, but a lot of guys didn't like women as tall or taller than them. Her figure didn't leave her much desire to stick with feminine clothing, so she usually went unisex on her days off. She owned a single pair of heels, but they'd been broken when she tried to stomp a mouse to death on a rather inauspicious date attempt. They sat in a bag next to her winter boots in the back of the closet.

"Another Friday night of penitent solitude." she added, putting away the assorted vegetables and tins from her run to the store after work. She worked a soul-crushing department store job, and the forced cheerfulness mandated by management was beginning to get intolerable. How was she supposed to know that journalism would be dead before she left school. Now she was in the hole about 30k in student loans, and no hope-filled career as a cub reporter to show for it. The whole experience had left her a little jaded.

Once her food for the next two weeks was put away, she threw her uniform violently into the hamper. Then, reluctantly, picked it back up and hung it. She had two, but one was at her best friend's place after an impromptu emotional rescue on Wednesday. Lilly had gotten dumped. Again. And she'd taken it exactly as hard as she said she wouldn't anymore. After about eight hours of booze, treacly romcoms, and an ill-advised jam session, she'd managed to traipse back home at 3 AM. But without her uniform shirt. And her socks. And her copy of 'Love, Unquestionably', which, truth be told, she would never actually ask returned due to the sheer embarrassment to have to actually admit to owning it.

But the whole incident had brought up an uncomfortable fact: she hadn't had a date in eight months. And not like the track record before that was that sterling, either. She'd tried to make it work, tried to put herself out there. But she kept finding what seemed to be the Worst Male Humans Possible. The last, a thirty year old that seemed to have barely left high school, had killed her desire for human contact for a whole week. He'd talked during the movie, smelled like a bottle of cologne exploded in a butcher shop, and had insisted on going 'halfsies' on a bar tab that was basically all his. When he asked to come in, she had burst out laughing and slammed the building's door. 

More to the point, she hadn't had sex in...maybe a year? A year and a half? The idea shocked her. She hadn't realized it had been that long, but going through the calendar in her head, it made sense. It had been just before convocation, when the future had been bright and relatively sober. Jesse was pretty average in the looks department, but he had a way with his tongue that made Nadia squirm just thinking about it. Plus he could have a conversation for longer than a couple seconds, which frankly made him ten steps ahead of any of the guys she'd met since leaving college. Eighteen months, if it wasn't a day.

Thinking about Jesse had got her a little hot, more than she expected. Maybe it was some stress she needed to blow off, but she really felt the need to rub one out. Food could wait. She slid out of her pants, sat in her office chair, and booted up her laptop. Past the login and a cursory glance at her email, she clicked through the folder innocuously titled 'Read Later' in her browser's bookmarks. 

The links were stories, mostly. Most of the porn they put out had the adolescent teen male in mind, and never focused on the guy doing the fucking as much as the full figured lady receiving said fucking. She thought of the women in those videos. They were like...her antithesis. Short, busty, great hair and ass...she shook off the introspection. Now was definitely not the time for a case of the downers.

She scrolled through some of her favourites, letting her eyes slide down the words as that familiar heat rose in her belly. She slid the fingers of her left hand down, past the elastic of her panties and against her sex. She kept reading, making lazy circles on her sensitive bud. When the action surged towards a climax, so did she. She dove her other hand down, plunging gently into her moist slit while she diddled her clit with practiced ease. She closed her eyes, imagining the man of her dreams taking her in his arms, laying her down, eating her out before straddling her body. His thick cock throbbing, ready to...ready to...

"Mnf!" It hit her faster than she was expecting, her lower lips clenching against her fingers as the lightning crackle of orgasm shot through her system. It didn't last long, but it felt good to imagine being an object of sexual desire...if just for a moment.

She chuckled to herself as she pulled her hands from her staining panties. "I need to get laid."

Light, intense and sudden, exploded in her bedroom. Nadia spun around in her chair, then leapt to her feet.

"Hello!" The light declared in a painfully cheerful tone. It slowly dimmed, revealing the form of a woman. Slightly older than Nadia, but positively gorgeous. Perfect features, with flowing golden hair and a dress meant for a 19th century formal occasion. She held a purple utensil of some kind in her left hand, while her other moved and flowed with her words. "You've said today's magic words!"

Nadia scrambled to find something to defend herself with. All she came up with was a stapler. She raised it like a deadly bludgeon. "Wha...what the fuck? Why are you in my apartment? Where did you get a flashbang?!"

The redhead frowned. "Why is shocked incredulity all I get from you people anymore? You discover the wheel, and all of a sudden you act surprised when a fairy appears."

"A fairy? The fuck?"

"I'm deathly serious. My name is Lynde, of the august Court of Human-Fae Relations, and I'd like to help you out with your problem." The woman moved closer, and suddenly Nadia realized she was standing half naked in front of a stranger. She covered herself. 

"Fairies are like, three inches tall. And they have wings," Nadia folded her arms over her exposed breasts. "And also not real!"

"Alright, let's dispense with the pretence of disbelief." She gestured sharply with her finger, and Nadia lifted from the ground. She flailed in terror, hurling the stapler with all her might. It went wide, managed only to knock over her cheap bedside lamp. Nadia screamed for about half a minute. When she realized she was just kind of floating there, she managed to calm down a bit. Lynde stood off-kilter, tapping her feet on the carpet.

"Are you done?"

Nadia sagged. "Yeah, okay." She felt her feet touched the ground, and she gave a grateful sigh. She wanted to reach down and grab a hold of the ugly shag like it was a dear friend, apologize for all the things she'd spilled on it over the years. 

"Now, I'd like to give you a chance to make your wish happen." The fairy said with a nod.

"My wish?" Nadia asked.

"You said, and I quote 'I need to get laid.' Those words, and their multilingual counterparts, are my clarion call. Whenever the desire for sex is uttered, especially after a long period of drought, I am called to help. But I can only help so many people. You're just one lucky camper, Nadia. Like winning the sexual lottery!"

"Let's, for the sake of my own sanity, assume that this is not a hallucination and you really are who you say you are. Why would you want to help me?"

"Pure altruism, of course! Mortals are sexual creatures. Not allowing that part of you out once in a while is unhealthy. It's for your own good," The blonde shuffled her feet, looking off out the window before continuing in a much quieter tone. "And also carnal energy between two parties that wouldn't have had sex without fae interference is a powerful magical fuel source...But mostly it's the altruism thing. You need this, honest and true. You've been living under a black cloud for months, and dour, snarky tomboy jerk isn't reeling them in right now."

Nadia's eyes narrowed. "So you've been watching me."

"Not me, personally. All mortals have a file, maintained by various extra-natural observers and third parties. Mostly for your benefit. And your file says you need to go to the mat for a good ten rounds, if you can decipher my entendre. " She said, winking theatrically. 

Nadia thought for a moment, biting her lip. Then, in a brazen display of not giving a fuck, decided to go with it. "Alright. Fine. Find me a dude. A hot one. And not some fucking Neanderthal, like, a guy who can understand polysyllabic words." She hesitated. "And a great butt."

"Oh, no, that's not how it works. I can't find you a man, you have to be the one to choose. Otherwise it doesn't work. I provide assistance with the...logistics."

"Well, how the hell am I going to-" Nadia's speech trailed off as she felt something crushing her body. It felt like there was car rolling across her body. She hugged her arms close, only to feel something push against them. It was her breasts. They were getting bigger. "The fuck is this?" Nadia asked through gritted teeth.

"Like I said, logistics. When you're having problem reeling them in, get better bait."

She writhed on the ground, her body under pressure from seemingly every direction. Though not painful, it was an uncomfortable sensation. She tried to crawl away, but her legs gave out. All she could do was wait until it was over.

"There. All done!" Lynde said with pride, "Go take a look!"

After the longest, most confusing two minutes of her life, Nadia stood up. Immediately she realized something was wrong. Everything in her apartment looked bigger somehow, like it had grown around her. She stumbled to the closet mirror again, her gait feeling sluggish and awkward. She cried out in terror. It was her face, more or less. But everything else was different. Her hair, dirty and brown, was now shoulder length and raven black. She was wearing makeup too, something she hadn't paid more than token attention to in months.

Her body was...not her body. He had curves, for one. She was shorter too, by at least a couple of inches. Her chest was huge, at least a D cup now. She poked at her hips and her butt to confirm that it wasn't some kind of horrible swelling. Nope, felt real. Her tattoo of a bitchin' dragon on her shoulder was gone too, as were basically all her skin imperfections. The little skin tag on her neck, her appendectomy scar, those weird three spots on her lower back that kind of looked like a constellation...all those little things that bugged her in the mirror, vaporized. 

She was everything she thought men would go for.

Nadia shook her head, storming back to her bedroom. "Change me back you magical asshole!" 

Lynde looked positively heartbroken. "You don't like it?"

"I look like a fucking...I don't know, some kind of sex thing. A porn actress, or a character in some hack piece of smut fiction."

"Well don't blame me. I took the look from your subconscious. At some level, you want to look like this."

Nadia's eyes went wide. It was kind of true. She wouldn't mind getting noticed by guys more often. Maybe she had some deep-seated body issues to work out. But she was currently standing in front of a fairy in only her underwear. First thing was first: she needed pants.

Nadia looked around for the pair she had slinked off a few minutes ago. She got one leg into her jeans before she realized that they wouldn't fit. They were too long, and too thin for her now. 

Everything in her wardrobe was, besides maybe the absurdly large Christmas sweater she got as a joke.

"You expect me to go out naked?"

"Don't worry, I have you covered." The fairy twirled her hand again, and from a puff of orange smoke appeared a goddamn miracle of a dress. Black, small, and made of some kind of expensive fabric Nadia had never seen in real life. It was the kind of thing you see on millionaire armcandy, or walking down the red carpet at some expensive gala. It floated for a moment before settling against the backrest of her office chair.

"Wow...that looks...thanks." Nadia said.

"There we go, now you're in the swing of things. Honestly, you make it sound like I've done you a huge disservice. You look hot, girl. Enjoy it while it lasts."

"It's temporary?"

"Sure. This isn't some kind of vengeful genie/monkey paw scenario. It's what, 7 PM? You have twelve hours of hot-time. After that, you'll revert to Nadia Classic, no harm, no ironic consequences. I've also thrown in an incantation against impregnation and STDs. You have a half a day pass to Casual Sex Land. Go out, find a hunk, have fun."

Nadia ran a hand through her new hair. It felt like strands of silk. "What if I choose to just...stay in for the next twelve hours?"

"Oh, I don't think you'll be doing that." The fairy said. When Nadia started to ask why she was so sure, she felt something change inside her. It was a strange feeling, something she'd never really felt before. It was an emptiness, a longing. She rubbed her legs together. It was coming from her pussy.

"What did...?" She mumbled, fighting the urge to slip her fingers between her legs. 

"Call it an insurance policy. I just cranked up your libido, and increased your sensitivity to touch by a factor of three. Mortal brains are basically a stew of hormones. Just need to add the right pinch of-" Lynde mimed adding a spice with her hands, and in and instant Nadia because wet. She dropped onto the bed, staring meekly down at her new body, the damp spot on her panties growing larger with every passing second. She looked up, as if to ask permission. 

The fairy smiled, "I don't mind. Go ahead."

Before she had even finished talking, Nadia had yanked off the undergarment and started jilling herself off like she'd never masturbated before. Her right hand rubbed her clit in a frenzy, while her left kneaded her new breasts with gentle care. Her fingers drifted to her nipples, and she gasped. She'd never really gotten off on playing with her boobs before, but she couldn't deny the new feeling. God it felt so good! It felt like all her nerves were set to 11! She had to get off immediately. Her usual shyness and even the common decency of not masturbating in front of a stranger fell by the wayside. She'd never felt this way, this all-consuming desire for relief. Her hands sped up, her voice giving out genuine whimpers and moans as she sped closer and closer to her peak.

Nadia felt herself tighten up in spasms as a supernova of pleasure spilled from her body. She couldn't help but cry out, partially muffling herself with her left hand as she lost all control. A thin stream of liquid shot from her pussy and onto the covers. It happened again, and a third time, in synch with her clenching slit. Eventually it stopped, but not after the corner of the bed was soaked to the mattress. Not just that, but her thighs were positively drenched. 

"I've...I've never..." Nadia stammered, slowly coming down from the waves of endorphins that had flooded her system.

The fairy, who had watched the whole performance with a kind of content bemusement, giggled and raised her hand. "That was me. I thought it'd be fun to make you a squirter for the duration. God, the look on your face! Humans are so cute when they're like this. No pretence or no airs of sophistication. Just passion."

Nadia stepped back onto her feet in a daze, her breath quick and shallow from the experience. As she stood, the damp mess that was her panties slowly slid to the floor, her involuntary spasms snapping what was left of their elastic hold on her waist.

"Jesus Christ, that was intense. I haven't come that hard in...maybe ever." Nadia said. As the post-orgasmic haze began to fade, her self-consciousness stepped back in. Her face turned red.

The fairy shook her head. "It's hardly anything to feel ashamed of. Honestly, if I were in your place, I probably wouldn't have stopped rubbing. You got some willpower on you." Lynde walked over to the desk, plucking every floating item of clothing from the air as she moved. She laid them on the wooden surface, putting her hands on her hips as she inspected each one.

"Should I be prepared for any more surprises?" Nadia asked, her right hand sticky with fluid.

"If you knew they were coming, heh, then they wouldn't be surprises. Let's see: dress, shoes, socks, unmentionables...Looks like you're all set. And I'd recommend you be quick about it. You may have relieved the tension for now, but it's going to come back with a vengeance in maybe less than half an hour. I recommend Club Intime; it's only a short cab ride away. Go have fun, and don't come back here until you find a guy. Or two or three, I ain't judging." The fairy gave her a pair of finger guns before disappearing from whence she came, leaving Nadia confused and alone.

It took Nadia a couple minutes of silence to get over the utter strangeness of what just happened. She stood in the bathroom, washing her juices from her thighs with a damp cloth. Maybe she had cracked, and was living in a delusion. But that orgasm...that was real. And she wanted more like it. She longed for it. Her throbbing pussy ached for something thick and warm and hard to pound her senseless. 

After cleaning herself up, she dressed quickly. The pumps felt a little awkward, but after a couple strafes of the apartment she got the motion back. Looking at herself in the mirror a final time, Nadia gasped softly. She looked...fantastic. At the back of her mind, there was a twinge of guilt at feeling so great about her appearance now that she looked completely different, but she shuffled it away with the other high-level thoughts. She wouldn't need her self-loathing, or her opinions on the death of print journalism, or the definition of the word 'effervescent' where she was going. She was going to...

*** 

Chapter 2

The club. 

Nadia hated the fucking club.

She stared out across the dance floor at the writhing figures illuminated by neon strobes and the occasional tacky glow bracelet, dull thud of whatever passed for music surging in her ears. It was the exact opposite of the place you'd usually find her. Her scenes were usually the coffee shop across from her apartment, or a book store, or in the hipster craftmart if she was feeling crafty. 

But this...this was bullshit.

"Thank god for alcohol." Nadia said out loud, but still inaudible over the beat from the ceiling-mounted speakers. She made her way to the bar, slipping awkwardly around the scattered circular tables people used to rest their drinks on while they talked. Her new proportions were slightly less wieldy than her casual fantasies had anticipated, and she accidentally brushed her butt across the thigh of a sauced twentysomething as she passed. When he stopped in mid-dissertation to marvel at her ass, he was slapped open palm across the face by the blonde next to him. 

She made her way through a thicket of frat idiots to the bar. The bartender, a punk-looking girl with a tired expression and one too many lip piercings, nodded to her as she shook up a drink for someone. Nadia thought of a cheap domestic she could order. But she watched the barkeep pour out a weird, fruity nightmare of a mixed drink, and thought that she might as well go all the way with this whole Lady's Night thing.
