 This story is intended for open-minded, adult audiences only and deals with adult, highly sexual, and magically fictional concepts. If your age, opinions, location, and/or general attitude prevent you from legally enjoying such stories, do not read on!!

This story has been posted with the author's consent to nifty archive (I know this, because I, the author, am the one typing this). Any redistribution, reprinting, reproducing, reposting, or otherwise thieving this intellectual property without the author's consent is strictly prohibited. If you would like to legally repost this on a free website, please feel free to contact the author and she most likely will be happy to oblige.

Thank you, and on with the story! I hope you enjoy!

*

Chapter 4 -- Getting dressed

I slowly came to staring at the ceiling. Slowly I began to realize I was in our bedroom. Looking down I gasped in shock, nearly loosing it again. There before my eyes were two very pronounced, well formed mounds on my chest draped by the bed sheets. I slowly moved my hand down my body feeling my smooth skin not wanting to find what I knew must not be down there, but I just had to confirm. As my hand moved across my skin, my nails lightly grazed my skin extending out further than I expected sending shivers throughout my body. I tried to push the observation out of my mind they all the sensations seem to focus towards the destination of my hand; I had to know.

Slowly, I reached where my pole should have been, only to find soft smooth skin. I whimpered a bit at my loss but soldered on. Suddenly, my hand reached an all too familiar yet foreign slit. Probing slightly inside the rather moist folds, I gasped as my finger reached a very sensitive nub. The sensation it sent through my body caused my back to arch and my head to throw back. I was not expecting that.

Knowing I really shouldn't, I felt the need to explore more. As my fingers moved down my slit, each gently grazed the sensitive nub causing several moans to escape my lips. As I continued to explore, I began to loose myself. However, all too quickly I heard a throat cleared at our bedroom door.

My eyes flew open to see a figure that was not unlike how I was, but still slightly different. I quickly sat up bolt right in bed when I realized what it must look like I was doing (which in actuality was probably rather accurate). I noticed as I settled in this person's gaze was on my reverberating chest that was now exposed outside the sheets. I blushed profusely at the realization of my exposure. However, the warmth I was experiencing from the apparent realization seemed to prevent the compulsion in the back of my mind to cover up. Instead, I seemed to nervously wiggle a bit as I bowed my head a bit trying to ignore the conflicting emotions.

"Sorry I missed you waking up, hun. I guess this is all quite a shock." I could only nod, not really trusting myself as tried to play back all the writing in my head.

"I assume by your reaction, it is Geoff in there."

Nod.

"Well, it's me, Stacey. I guess those papers really did work." She slowly brought the glass of water that she was holding in her hand. It seemed like she was afraid if she moved too much she'd startle me. I think the situation had me rather startled all on its own.

I took the offered cup and quickly gulped it down. As I drank, she sat on the bed next to me and wrapped her arm around me. I instinctively wiggled in a bit closer to her as I put the glass down.

"For what its worth, hun, I have to admit that was a really great way to wake up this morning. I can see why you wanted it so often. You really seemed to like it." This caused me to blush deeply again.

She then reached over and put her hand beneath my chin. She then turned me to face directly at her. As her now very strong eyes looked directly into mine, I felt suddenly captivated. "Thank you, hun."

Before I could even realize I was about to form words, I responded, "Thank you, Master." This brought me fully awake as my head shifted forward noticeably cringing.

"'Master' is it? I guess that was part of your paper." I nodded my head. "Maybe you'll have to tell me what else you wrote," at this I went noticeably pal. I could NOT let her know all the entries. I just hope she didn't read them already. "But I think I'll just leave it as a mystery. Besides, the parchment pieces seemed to have disappeared I can't find them anywhere." To this I noticeably exhaled.

"Well, we probably ought to find where that crazy old man is you mentioned and see if he can fix this. You know, you really should ask for clarity of directions more often, hun. I can't think how often I've had to tell you that. Do you remember where the store was?"

I simply nodded my response.

"Well, why don't we go ahead and get dressed. Where is the store at?"

I tried to think of a way to keep from answering but was distracted by the thought of the fact she mentioned "we...getting dressed". "Downtown; near my work, Master."

She chuckled as she saw me cringed. "You're not going to call me `Master' all the time are you?"

"No, Master, only in private. In public I should use respectful, but socially acceptable terms such as `Sir' or `Mr. Johansen'." I can't believe how easily I answered that.

At that she chuckled and grabbed some shorts, a T-Shirt, and some simple shoes. I was amazed at how comfortable and confident she moved. That must have been something she put down. Come to think of it, she did often criticize my lack of assertiveness.

"Go ahead and get dressed, hun." I was dreading hearing that. I noticed she started to get dressed on the bed. I wanted to stay under the protection of the covers, but I was compelled to get up out of bed now.

Looking in the closet obviously more than just my body had changed. The only pants I could identify would only fit her now; not that it would have made much difference to me now based on some of the other entries I put down. Everything else was skirts and dresses, & no longer in the modest style she had. No, I had to specify more revealing and accessible styles. Idiot!

I grabbed the longest skirt I could find and slid into it. It went all the way down to 2 inches above my knees. It was a nice, solid black pleated skirt so at least it didn't cling to my skin and show off my features. Next I had to find a top. I found a decent (I use that term rather loosely) blue baby doll t-shirt that stopped just above my belly button.

Looking down I saw the next set of apparel I was dreading: shoes. Too many of the heels looked like something I would break my ankle or neck on with towering thin spikes. Finally I spotted a pair that had a bit of a wider heal to them, although the sole did look a bit thicker than most of the others. Oh well, I then proceeded to bend over to grab them. As I reached all the way over, I heard a whistle from the room behind me. I immediately grabbed the shoes and shot straight back up. Feeling blood rush to my face in embarrassment from the showing I just gave, but also a bit of flow to between my legs. Why did I have to try to change her arousal triggers?!?

"Nice view, hun! Very bold choice. You might want to choose something a bit more conservative for this outing, but something tells me you can't."

No shit, Sherlock! I was definitely going to have to be conscious of how I moved in this skirt. Otherwise, I was going to be giving a way a lot of free shows.

I turned back to the other room and sat on the bed to put on the shoes.

"Wow! Those are adventurous, hun."

Placing each shoe on my feet, they fit like a glove. I don't think I've ever felt a shoe fit so well. At least I did stipulate that! Maybe get some comfort out of them. Then I realized I need to stand up at some point, so might as well.

This was definitely a new perspective for me.

"Wow! I'm impressed you're able to stand in 5" heels even if there is a 1" platform on those. You better watch your head going through doors." Oh god, she was right. I had actually had an inch to her already tall frame. These heels would put me at 6' 6"! No wonder my perspective was so different.

She noticed the shock realization on my face. "You're not going to put any panties or a bra on?"

The question snapped me back to my current prison reality. I looked at her pleading as I shook my head no.

"Well, didn't you at least give me the option of wearing panties?" 

I shook my head yes.

"Then why don't you wear some?"

"Because you have to allow me to, Master."

This brought out peels of laughter. "Oh god that is just too rich! You really did do a number on yourself."

I just looked at her pouting, hoping to get some solace from my plight.

"Wow, you do that pout very well. Hrmm... rather odd affect on me. Well, tell you what, maybe I will let you were some panties." At that she saw me perk up just a little bit. Then I saw a wicked grin come across my old face, "beg me to let you wear panties, little one." This was the term we often used for her during our light D/s sessions before. I felt a rush of blood between my thighs as I could feel my lips swelling. "If you are convincing, I might just let you."

Suddenly, I found myself at her feet begging, "Please, Master, please let your little slut wear panties. I will be a good little girl and do what is asked of me. Please, Master! Please!" That was almost word for word how I used to have her beg. The worst part of it was I think I actually meant it. Why did I have to put so much submission onto the paper?

This brought out even more laughter from it. It actually hurt to feel like I was the butt of some joke for her. Didn't she understand this was not right? This needed to be fixed, now! Chuckling she managed to squeeze out, "yes... go get some panties." 

I went over to the dresser and opened up her lingerie drawer. Oh, if only it had always had these contents! We wouldn't even be in this mess. *sigh* Now, I'm the victim of my own male hormones, or previously soon to be corrected male hormones. I suddenly realized that these panties were not going to offer much help, but I grabbed the most conservative pair I could find. Finding the top of the black thong panties, I slid my huge shoes through them and stood up.

Still chuckling Stacey continued, "Oh this is just too rich. My over imaginative husband writes down some silly ass wish list for me, only to screw up the instructions and wind up getting it himself. And here he stands before me in something akin to slut attire about to go out in public. Plus, given the opportunity to actually *wear* panties after *begging* for it, he chooses a pair of thong panties." More laughter. "Oh this is just great. Go do something with your hair."

I couldn't believe how embarrassing this all is. Having the altered body of my WIFE, dressing in the most provocative clothes she could ever have worn, getting ready to go out in public, begging to wear panties and her in there laughing at me in my own body! Worst of all, it was making me horny! All this because I wrote some stupid words on a piece of parchment.

Looking in the mirror, I realized I did at least one thing right for her. Picking up the brush on the counter and quickly moving it through my hair, it was instantly styled. I always did hate waiting for her to do her hair and makeup.

Now that the task was done, the image in the mirror finally hit me. That blue-eyed, blonde bombshell with the 40DD rack, the simple 32" waste, round 38" hips, and long shapely legs that was almost too tall to see herself in the mirror that was me now. Not the idealized version of my wife.

I almost wanted to cry, but I couldn't have a pity party; we had to go get this fixed. Upon walking back into the bedroom I was conscious now of every step. I could feel my breasts bounce with every step, my hips swayed as my feet moved in a straight line, my body slinked as I moved along. I even made her walk sexy. "Can we leave now, Master?" silently followed by `If for no other reason than to stop having to constantly call you `Master'.'

"In that outfit, you really need some makeup. Go put some on." In steps the compulsion, and out I go. As I reach the makeup, my hands begin to put on makeup as if they had always done it. Stacey didn't even do lipstick unless we were going out to dinner or dancing. Here I was putting on lipstick, blush, and mascara like a pro. What have I done?

I return back to the bedroom feeling the heat build between my thighs as I waltz back in. "Am i ready, Master?" Did I really just ask that?

"Let's go, little one." She's saying that a bit too easily.

Chapter 5 -- Looking for help

When we reached the car, this was not going to be a fun trick. Luckily not many people were around. Stacey was gracious enough to open the door for me as I slid in bottom first as she instructed to get down from my 6-and-a-half foot frame down to her Mustang. I swear it was never this low. And why didn't I just tell her to take my Trailblazer? That would have been a lot easier. Too late now, might as well buckle in.

It was weird to manually position the chest strap of the seat-belt between my breasts. Suddenly, their extreme size was accented even more as the belt sliced between them.

"You know, you really should have worn a bra. It could have really mitigated that some," as she reached over and grasped a breast for emphasis. This elicited a gasp as a wave of pleasure emanated from the touch. She let go and just grinned evilly as she looked in the distance.

Following her eye sight, I saw two of the guys from a building next to ours smiling broadly. They had obviously seen the exchange. I wonder if they saw me get in. Oh no, there's the humiliation kicking in as my arousal is bumped up a couple more notches.

The drive downtown was rather uneventful. Although, I do think Stacey slowed down next to each trucker just to try to embarrass me even more; it was working. Worst of all, I don't think these panties were working.

Once we got downtown, I instructed Maste... er Stacey how to get to the shop; then she just drove by it. She then pulled into a parking lot 2 blocks away even though there was parking directly in front of the store.

"Master, why did you park so far away?"

"Because if this is your last walk in that outfit, I want it to last." With that she came around and opened up my door.

Looking around, I didn't see anyone in site, so I twisted my legs around and used her offered hand to stand up. Being she was at my previous standard height of 5'11", I stood a full head taller than her. I felt like I was a beacon for attention.

She stood next to me and placed her hand in the small of my back and directed me forward, "let's go." To which I began my undulating walk. It felt like a thousand eyes were on me and my heart started pounding.

I begin concentrating on my steps allowing me to block out some of the outside world. I think she noticed this, because she took another step to push me a bit more; her hand slid down to ass cheek as I could feel it through the skirt. I began to blush and flush at this, but I could not get up the will to reach back and move her had.

"Enjoying yourself, hun?"

"Not really, Sir." Damn instructions.

"Well, then why don't you move my hand?"

"Because unless you're causing me unwanted or undo harm, I can't keep you from touching me without your permission, Sir."

"Man, you really were gonna make me go through with all this? You really are a pig!"

"No, Sir! I honestly thought it was just a therapy exercise!! I never would believe this would ever work if it didn't actually happen to us, Sir!"

"Some how, I don't think you would mind taking advantage of it if you were given the opportunity." I was afraid she was right, but I tried to tell myself she was wrong. "So I'll just do it instead."

As we started to cross the next intersection to go to the store, she turned and said, "reach down and take my hand, then put it up under your skirt on your ass cheek and let go." Oh no!! Glancing around, I see cars waiting next to us already staring at me with more moving up & down the street. The steps seemed to come in slow motion as I reach down and take her hand. Normally I would have moved it up; however, because of her instructions, I moved her hand down like some tart and slide it up my leg as the skirt moved out of the way, placing her hand squarely on my exposed ass.

As she squeezed my cheek, I felt a rush of emotions as we were still only half way through the intersection. All this unwanted attention was causing my face and neck to turn beat red, yet at the same time my eyes closed and I gasped in. I could feel the pleasure begin moving around my body. There had to have been at least 30 people seeing this public display of lewdness and I could feel my juices seeping out of my panties and begin running down my thigh.

By the time we reached the curb, I was finally a bit more aware of the world around me but I was still as red and horny as ever. She squeezed my cheek again and pulled me to a stop.

"You really can't stop me, can you?"

"No, Sir"

"It embarrasses you doesn't it?"

"Yes, Sir"

"You're horny though aren't you?"

"Yes, Sir"

She then guided me around to face her, reaching her other hand around to grab the other cheek. I then shifted my weight back and forth rubbing my thighs together, not out of avoidance, but to try to increase the pleasure. This brought on the humiliation even further.

"Kiss me"

She didn't have to ask me twice as I leaned down in order to reach her and shoved my tongue down her throat.

When I finally broke I was panting heavily. "Let's go, we're almost there."

Thankfully, as we walked she didn't put her hand up under the skirt. She just placed her hand over the skirt on my ass. My arousal didn't stop and I was breathing heavily. My nipples were protruding very prominently.

As we were almost to the shop, she turned me to the alley next door to it.

"Sir, it's right there." I panted nearly out of breath.

"No, little one, we have something else to do," as she slowly backed me up against the wall.

"You need release, don't you?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Kiss me again." To which I deep throated her exploring every contour of her mouth.

As we broke the kiss, she whispered something I could not believe. "Play with your clit and tits, but don't cum until I say so." I've done that to her before in the bedroom, but never, ever in public!!! What is she thinking?

During this internal debate, I noticed she took a step back as my right hand slid up under my skirt and into my panties. When my left hand reached my tit, she backed up to the far wall of the alley.

She left me in such a position that if someone were to come from one side of the alley, they'd just see me masturbating against a wall and wouldn't even see the voyeur across the alley.

I threw my head back as I begin rubbing hard against my clit sending waves of pleasure throughout my body as I felt the glow begin deep inside me. Massaging my tits was bringing me ever closer. I don't know how many people came by, but I knew there must have been at least one and that was causing me humiliation and even more arousal.

Finally, as I reached my pinnacle, I realized that he was not going to offer up release. "Please, Sir, can I cum?"

"Oh you can do better than that."

"Please, Sir, please let your slut cum."

"No."

"Please, please... Sir... please your undeserving little love slut needs to cum, Sir." I never made her go that far.

"When I finally let you cum, I want you to shout out that you're `slut stacey' and keep repeating while you're cumming until I tell you to stop."

"Please, Sir...."

"cum"

"I AM SLUT STACEY!!!!!! I am slut stacey! I am slut stacey... I'm slut stacey!"

She then came over and kissed me hard. When she stopped I continued the mantra. Finally, she told me to remove my hand from my panties and remove my left hand from my tits.
