 Princess Peach glanced up at the in-game timer hanging over her head. It was a constant reminder that, as much as she wanted to adjust her outfit, she just didn't have the time. Of course, the thought of pressing the pause button had occurred to the Princess, but that didn't exactly help much either. A flick of that switch and then the beauty would be left staring vacantly, frozen in place!

What a hassle! Peach understood that as her first major release in a while, she had to look good, but she'd developed a lot since her last game! Unfairly so! Princess Peach was still synonymous with "elegance", of course, but now a few other words seemed preparing to elbow it out. "Stacked", "Thick"..."Jiggle-doll"...They fit her to a T- unlike her dress!

The Princess was still wearing her trademark pink, but the normally regal dress had been redesigned with a few upgrades to accommodate all her new curves. The most prominent of these new, blood-pumping changes had been reimaging its upper half as a tight, tight bustier. And of course there was no way her new racy wardrobe could be complete without a promiscuous boob window... one her pink-capped melons were constantly struggling against! 

No doubt whoever had designed it wanted her to look a little more exciting for her adventure, but she'd have to have words with that particular pervert sooner or later... They obviously hadn't anticipated her huge new figure in all its curvy softness!

The Princess busied herself raising her silky white gloves to grip, and playfully smoosh, her own enormous Princess pillows. With one eye on her endowments and the other on the game's timer, she worked her bosom over again and again in an effort to ease them back into the pink cups woefully unsuited to containing them. She didn't have all day, after all~

After a few seconds of wrestling with her soft, supple tits, Peach was given no choice but to either start moving forward or risk losing on the first level, even if she could barely run without spilling out. So the curvy dame of dames set herself forwards, immensely-fertile royal hips bustling seductively with each step. She focused on doing her absolute best to keep her swaying figure contained, reminding herself she wasn't exactly the spitting image of a capable hero yet!

But that was fine! After all, first levels were in video-games for a reason, weren't they? They were there to carefully and gently ease the hero into their journey, help them learn the most basic of mechanics... The road to take was clearly laid out without a single twist or turn, and all the enemies had uncomplicated AI fit for even a toddler to tackle with. 

Even the most bubble-headed, brainless nymphomaniac blonde could surely take five minutes out of playing with her own overabundant curves to focus on these simple concepts? To lose on the first level, why, one would have to be little more than an object at that point. Only the most vapid of dopey, giggling bimbos couldn't do this.

Well, Peach had better get started, then! She cast her eyes down the path that stretched intimidatingly ahead of her, thankfully with only a handful of bottomless pits dotted here and there. A trio of Goombas steadily patrolled back and forth down the brick road, two on the ground and the third waddling along a mixture of Question Blocks and bricks floating in mid-air.

This was it! Peach's chance to prove she could be an independent, free-thinking woman, and not just a trophy for the boys to fight over! She was more than a plaything on par with gems, crowns or canine companions... Peach wanted to show everyone she wasn't a fun, cuddly blow-up doll that bobbed her blonde locks in men's laps... She could do that, couldn't she?

Peach briefly considered simply jumping over the Goombas, before glancing down at her abundant cleavage - then back to the encroaching enemies. No, absolutely not! If she tried that sort of thing in these clothes, the game's rating would go wayyyy up! And the chances of any of the boys who actually played the game completing it would plummet - there'd be thousands of horny males hitting the jump button over and over, one hand on the controller and the other down their shorts... until the timer really did run out!

But she couldn't exactly sidestep, either. The bouncy blonde had no choice. She'd just have to do it with her typical aura of demure, classy confidence! 

Peach lifted her dress above her ankles so that she could actually get a running start, her pouty lips pursed in an expression of determined focus - as if willing her tits to stay restrained! She almost looked heroic for a second, silky gloves gripping her dress to keep herself from tripping, pink fabric clinging to the shape of her slightly - well, okay, fully - outrageous heart-shaped butt...Then everything went wrong!

In a split second, Peach's full breasts popped right out, at the very same second that she tripped! She could see all those Goomba's menacing faces looming closer as she fell, tits-first, right against the first of their number! With a big, undeniably forceful swing, her hefty left melon fell first upon the creature's head, followed by the slightly bigger right one knocking him senseless! The little goomba was rendered out cold, but Peach's momentum kept her going, tumbling into the second one with her voluptuous rear-end. A puny little enemy like that couldn't possibly take all that bounce!

With cute, comical sound effects, the pair of defeated Goombas were squashed flat as pancakes. A moment later and they'd poofed out of existence entirely! It would have been a delightful victory for the Mushroom Princess, if not for her completed debauched posture moments later. With a panicked cry and an end over end roll, Peach ended up lying prone in front of the third goomba, ass in the air and tits cushioning her fall. She was thankfully fine, with only her long blonde locks slightly ruffled.

But what a sight she made of herself! What a completely undignified, slatternly look, colossal panty-clad behind up in the air and petticoats up around her hips. Peach couldn't even excuse the way she arranged on being brained by colliding with the Goomba... The only thing her head had hit had been a pair of breasts soft as clouds, big enough to conjure images of melons, grapefruits, watermelons... Appropriately so! They were healthy, naturally grown and very ripe for feasting on.

As it turned out, that was exactly what that fiendish Goomba did! He hopped down from the higher up platform and flopped face-first onto Peach. His little teeth, despite being so small and unimpressive he could barely chew through paper, were now biting into the lacy material of her pretty pink dress, eagerly struggling to get at the creamy pale flesh within. "Grrr!" 

Peach might have been done for, if she hadn't suddenly remembered those Question Blocks nearby. Perhaps one of those held a weapon she could use to defend herself!

Peach pushed the Goomba lightly away, apologizing in the process, before prising the trio of blocks open... and finding an even better assortment of items than she could have imagined. She uncovered found three power-ups that seemed to be perfectly suited to helping the Princess on her dangerous quest.

That was, of course, assuming the purpose of Peach's quest was to achieve the impossible... and become even dumber than she already was! Keeping the goomba at bay with a high-heel planted firmly in his face, Princess Peach laid the items out in a line and began to carefully study them.

The first was a pair of adorable white bunny ears! So fun! What was cuter than a twitchy-nosed little rabbit? To her, it conjured to mind thoughts of hopping about fields, being quick and nimble and oh so very fluffy and huggable! To others it might conjure images of empty-headed cuteness, hyper-fertility and an overactive sex drive and more besides, but if anybody were going to voice those opinions, they weren't here right now, were they?

The second was a tube of lipstick! Well, a girl had to look her best on the field, didn't she? Even battling Goombas and Koopas was no excuse for having a hair out of place, or her large, fully-grown bust heaving out in the open! She wanted to set a good example for all those young girl gamers out there, and prevent those young male gamers from getting any... weird ideas. Maybe the tube of lipstick would help her look prettier than ever, so all those cute boys yanking on their joysticks while staring unblinking at her body would pop those naughty rods away and give her the respect a lady deserved! Now wouldn't that be nice? 

Last but not least was a shining pink mushroom... It was so bright, she could barely look directly at it! It looked so tasty she just wanted to try a nibble right now, sink her teeth in and just... accept whatever it did to her. Only nice things happened to girls like her, so surely it would be something absolutely splendid and delightful! Mm! For sure! No drooling on her chest as her intelligence was sapped right out of her brain and her already-comically big bust wobbled up to new sizes for her! No way!

Peach dithered endlessly over which to sample first, but knowing they'd all get their turn on or in her eventually. Just like Bowser's minions~

The problem was, they didn't seem awfully powerful. The robust royal looked over her selection with disappointment: she needed to be able to throw fire, or become invincible... Or, at the very least, conjure up a mirror to fix herself up! Those were her thoughts as she fidgeted with her hair, trying to decide. The lipstick was certainly tempting - she needed it after such hard work! But at the same time, Peach was rather annoyed by the sentiment it conveyed. Other heroes got fire flowers and hammers, and all she got was lipstick? 

She'd game the system, then! Of course you could only keep one power-up, but...She'd use the lipstick first, then take the mushroom and its sure-to-be-useful ability! With a look of sly, self-assured confidence, Peach's silk-clad fingertips reached towards the little black tube.

So clever! This was why a girl like her had been picked for the tough job of stopping Bowser over those plumbers! Because she was the smarty-pants around the castle, always coming up with the brightest and best ideas! 

Her Highness uncapped the lipstick and held the phallic tube before her eyes, baby-blues widening as she gripped the knob on the underside and gently twisted. A long, glistening spire of lip-smearing beauty product twirled up and out, ready to prod and poke at the plump curves of her airhead smile just how she liked. Peach brought the tube closer and closer, until... plop~ It lightly dimpled the middle of her bottom lip. The hard artificial tube sank into Peach's dainty flesh, smearing her pink lips a glossy, shiny red.

Ooh, was this really a good idea? She knew what kind of girls wore red lipstick over the adorable pink she typically preferred! They certainly weren't girls who fit her child-friendly image, more like perverts who hooked their ankles behind their ears, sometimes for those very same children! 

But it felt good, having something firm and phallic pushed up against her mouth. Maybe once her lips were large and soft and wet, she could deliver all kinds of kisses to her enemies, rendering them as weak and helpless as mewling kittens... Well, her enemies or her. One of the two. Power-ups in Mario games never had bad side-effects, right?

Peach felt an odd sort of buzz course through her body the second she used the suggestive power-up, though she didn't really think anything of it! It was a subtle effect that she hardly noticed: she was too busy concentrating! Without a mirror, it took focus to apply the lipstick - but she was a natural, of course. She sat down while she applied it, pretty pink dress showing a glimpse of leggy beauty.

When Peach was finished, she turned to the screen and kicked her legs out, striking a pose as she blew a kiss! She quickly blushed a little at such an uncharacteristic display, though she wasn't sure why she should feel ashamed. In fact, she felt confident! Confident enough to not bother with adjusting her outfit when she stood up again, letting her natural curves very nearly spill out, cleavage pouring out of the pretty pink cups.

"Now...what's a girl gotta do to have some fun around here?" Peach asked in a sultry tone, giving the camera a knowing wink. Despite her original plan to throw the lipstick away the second she had used it, she felt more generous now! Instead, she'd find a place for it in the pocket dimension that was the swells of her enormous, regal rack.

In plain view of all those young, developing, innocent minds, Peach gave a giggle and a wink and tucked the lipstick between her overflowing titties. She had to stop and wonder, however... Had her big, heaving boy-taming rack always been so fat and hefty? It seemed to possessively dominate her frame now, each perfectly-shaped jiggling breast commanding more attention than ever! And her cleavage... 

Peach's cleavage now strained her dress in the front until it was creaking. The deep line formed between her titties was so tight in the middle she wouldn't have even been able to fit a finger in! The royal rack sank as far into the fabric of her cushioned dress as the garment would allow without being bust open, and thrust out to either side so far her arms were tucked away behind them. From the waist up, blonde bimbo Peachy looked more tit than woman!

With nowhere else to go now, her rack was bobbling away just a few inches under her chin. So... big... So hot... 

Hot! Yes! Peach knew she looked hot, and she didn't care who knew right now! The lipstick really had worked, and Peach felt more "courageous" than ever.

And with good cause. The Princess had certainly powered-up: Peach felt bigger all-around, and she wasn't wrong one bit about that! The tiny little cups sticking to her gigantic tits were jutted out in front of her, and her hips had flared out to a picture of feminine perfection. Peach wasn't just an innocent little Princess anymore - she was the centre of attention, and she knew it! 

The goomba on her foot long forgotten, Peach turned to face the screen. She spoke dismissively, and carried herself like the bombshell she was! 

"Now, I won't blame any of you boys at home if you need to pause for a moment.." When Peach spoke, she dragged her words out elegantly, every syllable emphasizing just how much she knew about their desires. 

"But if you're just going to stand there staring like that, well...we'll run out of time to play, won't we?" she pointed towards the timer with a pout, her fingertip instantly circling back and tugging at her bustier longingly. "I'd -hate- to run out of play time, wouldn't you?" she winked, saucier than ever! The Princess was teasing quite blatantly now!

As much as all those boys in the age bracket this game was targeted at would have loved to have followed Peach's suggestions, many of them didn't make it. A flurry of thousands of pause screens was her only answer, and she didn't need to see those hormonal little angels to know exactly what they were up to. Well, let them if they needed to so badly... There were still lots of other gamers to help her in her quest to defeat villainy! And a few playing one-handed, bless them. 

--

Those angry-cocked young men weren't the only ones watching from nearby. So was a particular busty blonde Koopa Troopa! 

Noko-chan had woken up bright and early this morning with one single, solitary goal in mind: to make her King proud. As a loyal servant of the great King Bowser, she wanted to see her boss's big smile... No, she lived for it! 

So now here she was, hunkered down behind a cloud-shaped bush, cargo-shorts-clad butt in the air, wondering and waiting if the right opportunity to strike would present itself. After all, Peach was a high-level threat! She'd effortlessly despatched those three Goombas... And those titties! They must be three or four times the poundage of the plump nubs under Noko's tank top. Royal whoppers designed to disarm all titty-lovers, herself included.

What chance did one little Koopa Troopa stand? Even with her beak-shaped shock of blonde hair concealing her eyes, the tension in her body still made her concern obvious. She saw the ravenous royal's eyes creeping over to that Bimbo Mushroom and giggled, stealthily beginning to creep from her hiding spot and out into the open.

Peach was much too busy revelling in her new spotlight to care about any new threats - in fact, now they were more like fodder for her to show off her new abilities! A Goomba would creep on screen here or there, and she'd bounce into action, elegantly disposing of them with a bump of her hip or a feminine display. Peach only needed to bend over perfectly straight, her butt in the air, as she leaned down to give an enemy a kiss and they'd vanish with a smile! The entire time Peach danced around the screen she made sure to give the camera a gratuitous look or two, winking, blowing kisses and addressing her audience! 

Soon, Peach bounced back to the power-ups with enough jiggle to make the screen shake, her idol-sized tits pushing against the fraying fabric of her wardrobe. "You boys -really- want me to eat this mushroom for some reason, don't you?" 

She rolled her eyes, running a fingertip over the top of it suggestively. "I wonder why..." Peach giggled, tapping it with each syllable as she rubbed it lovingly. "Well...if you insist.." she picked it up and opened her mouth, sticking out her tongue as she closed one eye.

In that moment, Noko-chan finally saw her chance to strike. She moved out from behind the little bush and began to tiptoe her way over, being sure to not make a single sound. Closer and closer the cute Koopa crept, all while Peach hummed and hawed over the pleasantly-fragrant mushroom. 

The royal leaned closer, giving it a little sniff. What a delightful aroma it was putting out! The only thing that could possibly be better would be the taste. Well, no time like the present, as they say!

Peach sank her teeth into the mushroom, and within seconds a taste explosion went off behind her eyes. Her eyes shot wide open as a technicolour display flashed along them, lit up with stars and hearts and vibrant hot colours. Her poor brain took a walloping it wouldn't soon forget! Everything seemed to fizz and pop for a good long moment as the royal's higher thinking functions turned into little more than "fuck-me" slush. The "leg-spreading" centre of her brain blazed away, growing larger... and pushing out unimportant things like "How to dress," "How to act in high society," and "My boyfriend's name is Mario." 

Peach's lips curled up into a dreamy smile, and stayed that way for quite some time. Bimbofication was a high you never came down from. 

The curvy babe's pussy throbbed. Peach's pleasure tipped over the edge. Her whole legs, from her thighs to her feet, trembled as a strong orgasm pulsed through her body. The whole sensation of being made into a juicy dick-milker would have been good enough on her own, but something about literally being able to feel your IQ dropping away would make any girl cum. Felt so good! So right! Her IQ had already been woefully below the average in the Mushroom Kingdom, but at this rate she'd be a shoo-in for the lowest of all-time in any kingdom ever!

Peach tumbled forwards as the weight of her expanding breasts tugged her down... She'd almost forgotten about them with all the brain-melting, but now they were such big titties she was going where they pulled her, instead of the other way around! She marvelled as her newly-grown breasts underwent another whole growth spurt, leaving her so top-heavy it was unbelievable! Bop her head when she fell over? She might not even be able to reach the ground with her hands at this rate! Not that she had any brains left to damage!
