 "Just relax," the woman whispered, "The drug should be wearing off now but you shouldn't try to move much."

Drug? What the hell? And that voice who was it?"

"My name is Jennifer," the voice said, "You're in good hands, Richard, don't worry."

His half-open eyes finally began to sharpen a little and he could make out a person sitting on a chair next to the bed. Dark hair and trim figure were the only details he could make out as he fought his eye-lids trying to close again. He wanted to ask her questions but the pull of sleep was too strong. He faded off once more into unconsciousness.

A cool wash-cloth brought Rick out of his dreams. His eyes opened slowly, but without a fight this time. He looked up at the pretty young brunette tending to him.

"Who are you?" he asked.

"I'm Jennifer," she reminded him, "You've had a rough time so don't try to get up just yet."

He grimaced as he realized his mouth was very dry. "What happened? Where am I?"

"I've been watching over you," she said, "you're in our home."

"How did I get here?"

"My sisters and I brought you here." She said wringing out the wash cloth.

"Sisters?" he said puzzled.

"Yes, Richard my sisters Irene and Mindy brought you here. You'll meet them later if you wish." She stopped wiping his forehead with the cloth and leaned back. 

Even in his confused state, Rick recognized that she was one of the most beautiful women he'd ever seen. She looked around twenty-five years old and almost had to be a model or an actress.

"You must be thirsty," she said, and he nodded. She smiled, "I'll be back in a moment."

Jennifer was tall as well, and dressed in a conservative, black business dress. She closed the door behind her as she left.

He took stock of his surroundings. The room was large and airy, with picture windows dominating two walls. Light, gauzy curtains weren't shear enough to see through but suffused the room in the yellow-red light from a setting sun. His sickbed was king size with a thick, yet surprisingly light, white comforter atop light-blue satin sheets. "Why am I here?"He forced himself to think back. He remembered his earlier awakening and inability to move he'd been certain he was going to die when his panic over-whelmed his lungs. He thought back further and remembered... something. There was a street. He'd been walking home. And something had happened. A girl no it was a woman. In an alley she called out to him. He turned and... Had he gone down the alley? His head was starting to hurt again; he couldn't remember what had happened then.

Jennifer returned with a glass of water for him. "Drink up," she said, "you need it."

He had no trouble obeying his dry mouth was grateful for the liquid. Odd taste to the water though...

"You're looking much better," Jennifer said.

"What happened...? I remember an alley and a girl..."

"You were attacked," she said taking the glass and placing his arms back under the comforter.

"Attacked? How and why and by whom?"

Something like pain flickered across Jennifer's perfect features. "Someone came up behind you and stuck a needle into you." She said securing the sheets around him.

"Why... Why would some...someone...," Rick was having trouble concentrating on the conversation. What she was saying was crazy. Rick had no enemies; everyone liked him. And it was scaring him and something was wrong. He'd been feeling strong up until just now.

"Relax," Jennifer said, "you still need a bit more sleep. Just relax." Her voice was soothing and Rick let himself do as she instructed. He slipped back into a drugged sleep and stayed that way through the night.