 When Rick awoke, he was alone in the big bed. Daylight shone brightly through the large windows.

"Marissa," a voice called out, "he's awake."

Rick turned his head to find the source of the new voice and found the striking young redhead from the hall sitting in a chair near the bed. He took in her flame-red hair and her silky cream skin dotted with many freckles. His gaze held, for a time, but her deep green eyes that still held a frightening mix of danger before his look traveled down to take in the ample breasts each with a perfect amount of Freckles that was barely hidden by a dark green dress shirt. He didn't fail to miss the firearm lying in her blue jean covered lap. At least it wasn't pointed in his direction this time.

"Where's Jennifer?" Rick croaked out.

Irene sighed "She went for groceries."

Rick got down to business preferring to limit his time with Irene, "Are you going to kill me?"

Before she could give any answer, the door opened and in walked a young woman wearing a yellow sun dress. She was more cute than beautiful, like Jennifer or Irene, but most men wouldn't hesitate to apply the "beautiful" label to her as well. Rick guessed her age to be about 18 or 19. The new girl looked at Rick and came to stand at the foot of the bed, then shyly dropped her gaze and folded her hands behind her back and said, "Good afternoon, Master ."

"Don't you dare call him that every again do you understand me!" Irene snapped at her almost reaching for her gun. Marissa flinched but said nothing. When she got no response, Irene turned to Rick and said, "Well, Richard, meet Marissa."

"Hello, Marissa under these circumstances I'm not pleased to meet you." Rick said trying to cover his naked body.

Marissa raised her head and smiled briefly at him before dropping her gaze back down. "I understand," Marissa said, "I feel awful about the things we've done to you, but you have no idea how much we need you." Marissa pleaded before fearfully looking to Irene and said, "I..."

"Enough," Irene cut her off, "Jennifer told us to take care of you while she was away. Marissa will suck on you to get started. She is the best of us at this since she managed overcome her gag reflex, and she know a good deal about perineum massage. Richard, you will uncover yourself."

Having a young nubile woman drain him with what would possibly be an amazing blow job he could only muster a simple "No."

In response, Irene simply raised the gun and pointed it at him. Rick jumped, scooting himself up the bed into a sitting position and slowly pushed the bedspread off his naked body. His own body betrayed him at what he saw next.

Irene lowered the weapon back to her lap and said, "Go ahead, Marissa, but he doesn't deserve a blow job."

Marissa smiled shyly at Rick and unzipped then slipped the yellow dress of her shoulders, letting it fall to the floor to reveal that she wore no bra and no panties underneath. Her breasts were average sized and perky with youth. Her body was firm but curved in all the right places, her skin was tanned to a light brown, with no lines visible anywhere. He pussy was neatly trimmed landing strip of dark fur crowning her pubis.

She held Rick's gaze as she crawled up to him. Rick looked away as Marissa's tongue flicked out over his limp member. He and Irene stared unflinchingly at one another as Marissa rebelliously took Rick's dick into her mouth and began sucking. She messaged his perineum with her left hand and manipulated his balls in her right using her tongue circled his around its head working its way to the base of his cock and back to the head over and over again.

For a time, Rick was able to maintain control and keep himself from coming for several minutes. Her wet warm mouth matched with her enthusiasm, eventually overcame him. As his cock gave up the fight and his balls tensed up, Rick also gave up the staring contest with Irene he closed his eyes and, unable to restrain it, releasing a day's worth of come. Melissa expertly took each shot of semen down. The intensely pleasant sensations shot through his entire body from his crotch up to his spine and spread through his body. Rick had no idea a blow job could strip him of his strength. 

Marissa squirmed in pleasure as she the target of her efforts flooded into her mouth and down her throat. She hunched her back and pressed her mound against Rick's leg, rubbing herself and building her own arousal. Irene watched, judging when to give the next direction to the scene being played out in front over.

The stimulation from rubbing herself on Rick's leg caused Marissa to begin moaning. The moaning in turn inspired Rick to begin twitching his hips upward to meet Marissa's descending mouth.

Irene seeing this demanded, "Mount him, now Marissa!"

Eagerly but slowly, Marissa pulled her mouth off Rick's cock sipping out the last few drops of semen before sitting up. In a single fluid motion she moved her moist womanhood up from his leg, steadied his cock with her right hand and effortlessly yet perfect landed her lip on his head. With a simple flick of her back and waist she impaled herself on his cock, threw back her head and let out a whisper, "Finally I'm yours" as Rick thrust up to meet her he felt a slight resistance she was naturally tight, but was so naturally lubricated that her hymen posed little resistance to his entrance.

Rick couldn't stop his hips from moving with her nor did he want to any longer. As their pace became faster, Rick gave up trying to remain passive and took her firm ass and spread it in his hands pulling her down to meet his increasingly forceful thrusts. Rick could feel her fluid trickling out of her onto his balls. Her moans turned to cries each time he pushed up into her.

As Rick neared completion he slowed down. Marissa, surprised, looked down at him, her brown eyes wide. Somehow, she understood what he wanted without words and she smiled with something like worship as they rolled over together.

Rick was now on top and began stabbing himself down into her wetness, his hand grasping her firm breast. In short time, her cries gave way to screams of uncontrolled pleasure as she began orgasming repeatedly. Her clenching pussy sent Rick over the edge and he released into her with the roar of an animal. He collapsed on top of the girl, she entwined her legs around his and let out a breathless whisper, "Master, I've missed you."

Upon hearing this, proclamation Irene's face flashed with anger, but she said nothing. Instead, she got up and left the room. Rick eventually rolled off Marissa and lay panting on his back. He then questioned her, "Why did you call me that?"

"Call you what, Master?" Marisa said with a puzzeled naïve look to her. 

Rick replied "Yes, 'Master '—what is that?"

"That's what James liked us to call him." Marisa replied.

"Well, don't call me that my names 'Rick'." He said brushing her hair out of his face.

"Okay, Rick."She giggled, "It's weird calling you that, but I like it, thank you." She said with smile, feeling like she was now owned by Rick she propped herself up on an elbow and gazed at him, smiling "Can I fetch you anything, maybe a drink, or something to eat maybe?"

"Sure, a drink would be great. What do you have?" Rick asked kissing her on the forehead

Marisa closed her eyes as he kissed, with a sigh of joy she said, "Oh, anything you'd like! Beer, juice, tea, water, wine... if you name it, we probably have it."

Hoping Marisa would forget the gun when she left he found a way out,"Ok, then some juice please. No, wait—how about hot tea?" he said a hot drink would give him more time.

She nodded her head and said, "On its way!" then jumped out of bed and ran on her toes out of the room, still butt naked.

As soon as she was out the door, Rick rolled off the bed and moved to a window. Opening a curtain, he was momentarily taken aback at the sight outside. Perfectly manicured lawn that stretched on for at least two hundred yards broken up by bushes and flowering plants of all sorts, a score of shade trees that created idyllic little picnic spots for a hot summer's day, at least two decorative fountains, and a long, marbled pond that no doubt was home to fish that were just as expensive as everything else appeared. He opened the window and leaned out, but the sweet scent from the yellow roses below did nothing to take the edge off his disappointment as he saw that he was three stories up with a rose garden beneath him. "Too far to jump, maybe I can climb down?" he thought the wall was quite shear. He might be able to make it but the thought of trying made his heart race and his knees tremble. When it came to him, use the bed sheets!

As Marissa hustled down the stairs, she heard Irene and Jennifer arguing as they put away the kitchen supplies Jennifer brought back. 

"How could you do that?" Jennifer exclaimed, "That's rape! You and Marissa basically raped him!" while Irene put some of the can goods away.

"So did you," replied Irene, "Crawling on him in his sleep and getting off—you did the same thing."

Jennifer pinched the bridge of her nose, "Not at gunpoint, and he hadn't had sex in over a week it would be sadistic to leave him like that! And when I said, 'take care of him' I didn't mean sexually!" 

Irene noticed Marissa tip-toeing into the room. Their fighting had become frightening to Marisa their sisterly bond, had dissolved and she knew that her constant arguing. "Marissa!" said Irene, "you're supposed to be watching him. What are you doing down here?"

Marisa certain that Rick would put them all in line and restore harmony, "I'm making Rick some hot tea," she said without giving them much notice.

Jennifer jumped, "No, you get back up there and watch him. I'll make the tea."

As Marissa turned to go back upstairs, Irene continued, "Wait. Take my gun." She soon realized that she had left it in the master bed room. 

"Oh no." the three seemed to realize the situation and rushed up stairs. She opened the door to Rick's room and gasped at what she saw, bed sheets tied to the iron headboard and run out through the window; Rick was testing the ropes strength. "Rick!" she said, "Stop that!" she begged as Rick picked up the gun.

Rick hesitated, for a moment they just looked at each other. The gun wavered back and forth but Rick just could not seem to pull the trigger much less actually aim it at any of the women. Rick took in their situation, then steeled himself and stood tall. "Marissa," he said calmly putting the gun down.

The answer came meekly "Yes."

"Good. Then, Marissa, it's time. If you belong to me, if you serve me, then you will obey me now. Won't you, Marissa?" Rick said.

"Yes, master... I mean, 'yes, Rick'." She said her arms held near her chest her body langue screamed with uncertainty.

"Then I accept you. Come here." Then Rick reached out to her shoulder and pulled her into a gentle embrace. At this, the dam broke and Marissa sobbed into his chest. He soothed her gently making hushing noises and rubbing her back.

They were like this when the door opened and Irene walked in carrying a silver tray with a teapot and cup.

When Irene, witnessed the scene she exclaimed, "Marissa!" The tray crashed to floor as Rick quickly brought the gun to bear on Irene's center of mass.

Marissa spun around, saw Irene, saw Rick firmly aim the gun at Irene, she saw Rick's finger on the trigger. She saw the finger tightening and the trigger coming back. She saw Irene about to die. "No, Rick, don't!"

Rick stopped; the trigger a hair away from releasing. Silence reigned and no one moved until Jennifer, having heard the crash and come running up the stairs, burst into the room, "Everything is alright," he eventually said, as Irene's body-wracking sobs eased into something a little less powerful. "Maybe we can work something out, and I will certainly be your new owner."

Marissa returned to Rick, embracing him with all her might. Jennifer looked at him and smiled gratefully, but Irene didn't lift her head or show any other reaction to his words. She was blank just "Jennifer," he said, "Will you submit, obey me, and serve me without reservation?"

She paused, smiled and said, "So long as you will not leave us, yes: I will."

Rick took her at work, and thought "Close enough." Rick turned his head to the sobbing redhead instantly pitying her, she held him at gun point on more than one occasion but she was the softest of the bunch "Irene..."

At her name, Irene broke down in tears, "Yes"

Rick sighed, and managed to pry Marisa off of him "She's going to be a problem, but can you two give us some private time?" Rick said to Marisa and Jenifer "I just want help her get through this, she is just not as tough as she seemed." He continued picking her up.

The two girls quickly cleaned up the mess and left without a word. Irene apologized instantly "I'm sorry I'm so sorry for everything please forgives me." She sobbed.

"It's alright you're forgiven." Rick held her "Let me fix the sheets." Rick undid the make shift, waited till she had finished crying.

Irene finished crying, and as soon as she did Rick grabbed her by the neck and pushed her onto the bed. Without warning her ripped open her green silk shirt she wore a black satin strapless bra underneath very elegant and sexy rolled up into one. He striped her of the bra and laid his hands on her perky round breasts. 

He rubbed them enjoying the malleable milk sacks before he ripped off her pants. Beneath her pants were a lovely pair of black laced panties, and a garter belt holding up the most amazing stocking he'd ever seen. Rick promptly pushed her up on the bed removed the pants. Of all the women he'd ever fucked none of them ever wore this quality of garments much less could wear them so well. His dick was oozing precum but he took control and slowly removed the garter and pulled her stockings off slowly. 

Irene enjoyed the time he took removing her stockings, and she started to breathe normally again calmly, Rick noticed this and ripped her panties off he grabbed her face and opened her mouth gagging her with her panties, she kept her pussy trimmed in a neat and tight landing strip that was as red as her hair, "so you are a red head," with that he licked her lips and turned her on her stomach.

Rick grabbed her hands and found the hand cuffs he had been bound with; he secured her hands behind her back, and propped her ass up in the air leaving her womanhood and ass completely exposed. He spread her ass and shoved his throbbing hard on into her pussy, and began violently thrusting himself into her with his flesh violently. Irene made sounds in her throat and responded even more to his almost rough treatment of her body. "MMHHH OHHH" she tried to speak.

"You don't get to say a word you just take it." Rick said coldly as he came in her. She tried to slightly pull away from him instead he pulled her back onto his dick and began to jack hammer her pussy, "This is for pulling a gun on me!" he said feeling he was about to explode for the second time that day he pulled out and rolled Irene over. He finished on her stomach, and laid down next to her panting.

Irene looked at him her bright green eyes were no longer the stabbing and uncomfortable things they were before, Rick removed the handcuffs and gag her skin, "I knew you wouldn't harm me and it was scary but the good scary that is hard for me to describe, but when I was bad before I got spanked and I really liked that." She said eagerly wanting to start life as his woman.

"Alright, I will set some ground rules for you, but they will be my rules. I hope you don't mind but could get an omelet with sausage and green peppers. I honestly don't have it in me to do much else today." 

"Of course Rick, anything you like." Irene said stopping "Is that all you would like?" 

"Actually no, can you all clean up and get dressed like earlier I need a cat nap." Rick said laying back on the large bed, his only wish now is that he came to his senses sooner.