 The temple of Rana lay quiet in the dark hours of the early morning. The sun was still hours away, as the moon cast its ghostly light upon the city. Marian moved with practiced grace, darting to and from the patches of shadow that hid from the moon. She had picked early morning as her time to work. The streets were always clear and people were laying in their deepest sleep.

Marian stood within the shadows of an alleyway, studying the temple. She would be paid a handsome price for the object she had come to the temple to steal. The temple of Rana was known to house some of the most rare and unique magical items in the world.

Rana was the goddess of pleasure and lust. Her temples were visited more than any other god. Sexual favors from the priestess's were the reward for donations to the temple. The larger the donation, the greater the favor would be. It was no wonder that the church of Rana was also the richest. It was generally considered bad luck to steal from a temple, but Marian had been given an offer that she could not refuse. A priestess who followed Borus, the god of ice, had spied the object while she was 'visiting' the temple. She offered Marian a small ransom to retrieve it. Marian had her doubts, but the priestess gave her an amulet that would keep her identity hidden from Rana, who was sure to be vengeful.

Marian was to steal the item, then quickly make her way back to the temple of Borus. She had been paid a third of her money up front, and would receive the remainder upon receipt of the item. Reaching inside her pouch, She withdrew the drawing that had been given to her. Marian couldn't help but smile as she examined the paper. The drawing was of a large cock. It had a head on both ends and its shaft was rippled with veins. The second part of the artifact was a black leather harness that was studded with jewels. The harness held one end of the cock inside of a woman, allowing her to please her partner as if she were a man. Marian shivered as the thought of what could be done with such a tool. It was no wonder that the priestess's of Rana were so happy.

Marian made one final check for any watchers, and then quickly made her way over to the temple. It took her a few minutes to find an open window, and slip inside. She looked around the room, quickly making her way to the door. She listened carefully as she opened the door, making sure that the corridor was clear. Everything seemed quiet as she slipped into the dimly lit hallway. The cock was kept in a small chamber, just off of the main hall of worship. Marian had scouted the temple during the day, and had a general idea of its layout. She took her bearings, and headed down the corridor. The main hall was not very far away, and all she had to do was pass through the living quarters of the priestess's.

It didn't take long for her to make her way to the private quarters. The temple was very quiet, just as she expected it would be at such an hour. As she approached the hallway that marked the private chambers of the priestess's, she was surprised to see many of the doors open. Marian crept down the corridor, and stopped at the first open doorway. She drew her weapon of choice from her belt. She gripped the blackjack tight in her hand; she would be able to quickly knock out anyone that she came across. She really didn't like killing, and killing a holy woman was considered really bad luck.

Marian peered into the open room, but found no one waiting. The room was typical for the order, a few bookcases and dressers, with a large soft bed dominating one of the walls. Marian noticed the bed; it was rumored that the priestess's of Rana could do some amazing things in a bed. She stopped her musing quickly, and resumed her trek down the hallway. She stopped at each door, but the result was always the same. Each bed looked as if it had not been slept in all night. It seemed as if the temple were deserted. Marian cursed silently, if they were not asleep in their rooms, what could they be doing?

Marian became even more cautious as she made her way closer to the main hall of worship. She began to pick up stray sounds, but they were nothing that she could identify. She took to hiding as much as possible, making her way from hiding place to hiding place. The closer she came to the hall, the more distinct the sounds were, and she could swear it sounded like moaning. Marian stopped as she walked around the last corner, almost at the hall door.

The scent of sex exploded into her as she stood in the shadows. Marian could plainly hear the moans of women having sex. She peered around the door, her sex becoming wet at what she saw. The main floor of the main hall was littered with the bodies of the priestess's. They lounged upon tables, cuddled in corners and coupled upon the altar. The entire room was alive with sex. There was not a dry pussy in the room.

Marian watched in utter amazement as she watched the women engage in many different acts of sex. The cries of orgasm echoed through the hall, as fingers spread wet lips, and tongue probed soft flesh. Maria rubbed her palm over her crotch, an itch building deep within her. The sight of the mass orgy was making her horny, and her cunt was already streaming cream down her thigh. She watched a bit more, her hand grinding against her crotch. 

Marian finally regained control and tried to look for the antechamber. The orgy threatened to distract her at every turn, but she finally located it. She groaned softly, the antechamber was located directly on the other side of the hall. She would have to make her way through the main hall in order to reach it. Marian didn't think much about what to do. She quickly came up with a plan. Stripping her clothing off, she hid them behind the open door. She would quietly enter the room, and make her way over to the antechamber. The only item she kept was the magical pendant she had for protection. She hadn't figured out how she would get back out, but the itch between her thighs was hampering her thoughts.

Marian took a deep breath and made her way into the room. Luckily none of the women paid her any attention. They were much too busy tending to their own business. Marian began to circle the room, staying as close to the wall as possible. She was able to conceal herself in the shadows, but not for long. As she came from behind a pillar, the sight of three women greeted her. One of them was standing, her arms wrapped around the pillar, while another knelt behind her, her face deeply buried in the woman's ass cheeks. The third woman sat watching, her fingers buried deep in her own wet sex. Marian couldn't help but watch as the standing woman struggled to stay on her feet. She mewled like a kitten as her partner drilled her tongue into her.

Marian started as a hand brushed her ankle. She quickly looked down to see the lone woman beckoning her down to the floor. She was trapped, there was no way for her to refuse, and deep down she really didn't want to. The young priestess's hands roamed over Marian as she eased herself down on the floor. The cool stone floor sent shivers up her spine as the woman's hands slid between her legs. Marian moaned as two fingers penetrated between her wet lips. Her hands found the other woman's breasts, her nipples hard as cherries. Marian bent her head and eagerly suckled the woman's breasts, lolling her tongue about her heated flesh. Her hips bucked as the priestess began to thrust her fingers deep into her sex, her thumb pounding against Marian's clit.

Marian had always been open to other woman, and this woman knew exactly what to do. Within minutes she had Marian bucking in a powerful climax, cream streaming from Marian's open slit. As Marian came down, the Priestess maneuvered over her, her wet pussy inches from Marian's lips. She had little experience on the giving end of things, but she was still highly excited. The priestess didn't need to encourage her. Marian gripped the woman's hips, pulling her down to her lips. The woman's wet lips quivered as Marian began slowly licking. She ran her tongue slowly over the outer lips, then thrust deep inside. The priestess gasped and ground her hips down upon Marian.

Marian's fought to breathe as she pressed her face harder into her lover, her tongue rapidly flicking to and fro. She groaned as the woman began to lick her, this time her tongue pleasuring the bud of Marian's anus. Marian had never been touched there, and the feeling of the priestess's tongue slipping into her wet ass rocked her. Marian continued to feast upon the woman, all thoughts of why she was in the temple lost.

Marian had come twice from the woman's probing tongue, when the priestess climaxed again. The Young woman ground against her in a tremendous orgasm, her spurting juices coating Marian's face. The priestess lay still, her hair cascading down Marian's thighs. Marian continued to suckle the woman, lapping up the copious cream that still flowed from her. Finally, the woman rolled over, falling to sleep upon the floor. Marian lay panting. After a few minutes found the strength to sit. The other two women were rolling about on the floor, their mouths hungry feasting on each other.

Slowly rising to her feet, Marian began to make her way around the room again. She sidestepped two different groups of women, both beckoning her to join them. She stopped shortly at a serving table, taking a long drink from a goblet of wine. As she drank, she revised her plan. She realized that it would be impossible to retrieve the artifact with being caught in another tryst. She let some wine spill down her breasts, and then refilled the goblet.

With uneasy legs, Marian began to wobble through the room. A few of the priestess tried to pull her into their affairs, but she sidestepped them, feigning intoxication. She stumbled about the room, making her way to the antechamber, but not heading to it directly. Marian slowed as she approached the door to the room; a group of women was busy near the doorway. As she moved closer, she could clearly see what was happening. Two women were holding another up, her legs spread wide. A third woman knelt behind her, her hands pressed under the woman's ass.

Marian moved in for a better view, and was shocked at what was happening. The kneeling woman was holding an object, the size of a large pear. The object was small at the tip, and became wider with a series of ridges. There was no way they were going to fit it inside the priestess. Her cunt would be stretched beyond repair! The priestess seemed to think otherwise, she wriggled in the grips of those that held her, anxious to receive the strange object.

"Please." She moaned

"I want it now, take me!" she yelled passionately.

Marian decided to watch because she would not be able to pass up such a spectacle. She was prepared, but not prepared for what happened next. The kneeling woman vigorously rubbed the pussy of the priestess being held. Marian was shocked when she saw her press the object to the young woman's anus, the tip expanding her tight pink ring. The moaned in frustration, and tried to push her ass down upon the invader. The woman worked about an inch of the plug into the priestess's ass, then stopped. Marian did not understand at first, but soon saw that the woman was not wet enough to allow the plug's entrance.

Marian was about to move on when the kneeling woman spoke to her.

"Sister, retrieve some oil from the room of pleasures." She asked, her fingers thrusting into the vagina of the held woman.

Marian hoped she was speaking of the antechamber, and moved toward the door. When no one stopped her, she picked up her pace. She glanced about quickly as she entered the room, trying to locate the artifact she had come for. She found it with ease, sitting within a velvet-lined box. It was not as big as she had pictured it, and was relieved. It would be easier to take. Next, she found the oilskins. She took two of them, quickly emptying one upon the floor. She placed the empty skin upon the shelf, and then headed back outside of the room. 

As Marian exited the room, she knelt to hand the skin of oil to the kneeling priestess. 

"Please, would you do the honor sister?" the kneeling priestess asked, her hands spreading the other woman's ass cheeks wide. 

Marian couldn't refuse the offer. She removed the cork from the skin, and then poured oil over her fingers. She touched the woman's puckered hole with some apprehension. She had definitely never done this before. She was both uncomfortable and excited all at once. Her excitement overcame her inhibitions, and she slowly slipped a finger into the woman's waiting ass. She was amazed at the tightness, and the heat as she began to spin and move her finger about. She began to feel her own heat rising as the woman begged for more. 

"More!" she screamed

"I want to feel your hand deep inside."

Marian slipped a second finger into the woman, then a third. Soon, she was working her fourth finger inside, and stopped to pour more oil onto her hand. The priestess never stopped her thrusting. To Marian's surprise, the woman kept asking for more. Marian soaked her hand with the oil as she began to slip her thumb into the woman's hungry ass. Oil dripped from her elbow as Marian's hand popped into the priestess's ass. The woman groaned loudly as her anal muscles snapped tight around Marian's wrist. Marian was in awe, she could not believe her whole hand was stuffed into the woman's ass. The priestess's ass was like a mouth, sucking and nibbling down Marian's arm.

The priestess wailed in delight as Marian opened her hand, her finger blossoming into the woman's oily ass. She closed her hand into a fist, and then slowly began to slide it out. She withdrew until the stretched hole was at her wrist, then slowly pushed her hand back in. The priestess's head shook in ecstasy, and began to rock her hips.

A gleam came to the eyes of the other women. Marian watched as they began to raise and lower the priestess onto her thrusting arm. Marian gripped her arm with her free hand and held still as the woman plunged up and down upon her oily arm. A new surge of excitement surged through Marian, and she began to meet the thrust of the bouncing woman with one of her own. The priestess rode her arm until Marian thought her shoulder would break. Marian could feel the throbbing begin. The muscles in the woman's ass began to shudder, then violently contracted.

The Priestess came with a scream, her head thrown back. She rode through her climax, the other women not slowing her movement. The Women didn't stop until the priestess's head had fallen to her breasts, exhausted. Marian let her arm go slack, a burning ache rising to her shoulder. She slowly withdrew her hand, her fingers coated with sticky oil. She breathed heavily at the sight of the priestess's still opened ass. Marian watched as the woman's pink ring slowly closed, then crawled away from the group.

After she caught her breath, Marian made her way back into the antechamber. She took the emptied oilskin from its hiding place and ripped one end open. Marian checked the door to make sure she was not being watched, and then quickly grabbed the cock. She fit it into the opened skin, then rolled the harness and placed that in the bag as well. Marian took a deep breath and slowly left the room. She stopped a moment to observe the group of women she had left. The woman she had 'oiled' was on her hands and knees. The priestess had been revived, and was moaning as one of the other women slid the pear-shaped object into her ass. Marian stood watching. The final rings of the pear were even wider than her hand. .

She watched as the woman reached the last two rings, and kept pushing. To Marian's amazement, the kneeling woman's ass swallowed the last ring, and was held wide by the base of the object. At that, the women collapsed together, becoming a mass of rolling flesh. Marian had to shake the temptation to stay, and finally began to work her way to the door.

Most of the women were passed out from pleasure, and the few that were awake were still coupling with each other. Marian didn't meet with any obstacles on her way back across the room. She stopped and quickly dressed herself, her clothing feeling uncomfortable and out of place. Marian looked down at the skin. She could easily stay and lose herself in the temple's pleasures, but she knew that she could never give up her freedom.

Marian made her way back down the halls, and out the window she came in. She silently made her way through the streets, and back to the room she was renting. The sun would be up in a few hours, and she needed to sleep. Marian curled up in her covers and tried to sleep, but the images of the hall would not clear her mind. She stroked herself to a shattering orgasm, before sleep finally overtook her.

Marian slept longer than she had wished, waking up closer to noon than morning. She would have slept until evening if were not for the knocking at her door.

"One moment!" she yelled as she pulled on her clothes.

She sleepily opened the door, the light from the hallway causing her to squint. Her eyes finally adjusted to the light, to find one of the serving girls waiting.

"Are you all right Miss? The Innkeeper was worried when you didn't come down this morn, and sent me up to check on you." She said with a smile.

"Oh . . . I'm fine, I just needed some rest, I was . . . um . . . tired."

"Very well, would you like anything this morning? A hot meal and maybe a hot bath?"

Marian rubbed her eyes. She was still sticky from her time at the temple, and she was sure she had begun to smell.

"Sure . . . I'll take whatever the cook has, and a hot bath. Make sure the water is very hot, and add some scented oil to it."

"I'll tell the cook, and then be back to draw your bath." the girl said, then left.

Marian sat down on the bed, and was dozing when the girl returned to the room. The girl quietly ran the bath water, the Inn being one of few that had the convenience of running water. After she drew the bath, she sprinkled scented oil into the tub. Soon, the scent of jasmine and lilac filled the room. The girl tapped Marian's shoulder.

"Your bath is ready Miss." She said softly.

The night at the temple had left her in a fog, and Marian didn't think twice about stripping in front of the girl. She shucked of her clothing, and slowly eased herself into the hot water. The hot water flowed like lava against her skin, melting away the soreness in her muscles. Marian sighed in contentment as she immersed herself in the heat of the bath. She barely moved as the serving girl began to rub her shoulders, her strong fingers penetrating to the bone. 

"Is the water hot enough?" the girl asked, her hands pressing down Marian's back.

Marian nodded her approval and leaned forward, giving the girl better access to her backside. Once the girl had finished, she took a bar of soap, and began to wash Marian. Marian did not usually have a bather, but was enjoying the treatment too much to care. The girl began to soap her breasts, while Marian watched her through barely-open eyes. The girl was about eighteen years of age, and though she was a serving girl, she seemed well fed. Her blouse held her large breasts tightly together, and Marian couldn't help but notice the beads of sweat that ran down her ample cleavage. The steam from the bath had caused her red hair to fall, and cling to her face in wet strands.

Marian let the girl guide her to her feet, and stood with her legs apart while her pussy was gently scrubbed. The girl finished bathing her, and then led Marian over to the bed. Her food had been brought up while she was bathing, and she attacked it with vigor. She hadn't realized how hungry she was, and finished the bowl of stew and bread. The bath had refreshed her, and the food was rapidly restoring her energy. She sat back on the bed, watching the serving girl clean the room. She began to think about the artifact. She would have to deliver it to the temple of Borus soon, but wished that she could try it first. 
