 © 2013 by SC Edward.

All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of author. The characters appearing in this work are fictitious and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Please be advised that this tales includes detailed sexual situations, profanity, as well as depictions of violence.

*****

Alex cautiously followed the Narya into the woods. He remained a couple of feet behind her, using the thick masses of tree trunks and foliage as cover. He had no idea why he was so fascinated by her but something drew him to the beauty. 

He remembered the first time he'd seen her. 

She'd walked into his class with her friend at her side; both of them, sexy and confident. He supposed that they knew each other from high school. 

They were the only ones being chatty while the rest of the class was somber and quiet. The girls lit up the room and his first thought was to introduce himself after class. Unfortunately he knew that he wouldn't have the balls to do it. They were beautiful vixens, while he was the geeky, white guy with glasses that rarely got the girl.

They sat a few rows from him and he immediately caught a whiff of floral perfume. He didn't know who was wearing it or whether it was the mingling of their individual scents, but the fragrance was intoxicating and made him grow hard in an instant. While both were very beautiful, he took a liking to only one and later found out that it was indeed her scent.

It wasn't until the professor took attendance that he'd learned her name. Narya. She was a voluptuous woman, probably in her early twenties, who exuded confidence and grace. She had a gorgeous hourglass figure and when she walked and switched her hips, he couldn't help but take notice of her wide behind. 

Her favorite color seemed to be red, because she wore the color of passion often enough. Even her sleek, long black hair, which she always parted down the middle of her forehead, was streaked with blood red highlights.

Her breasts were huge in comparison to those of her friend's and caused Alex's mouth to water every time she strode by. She never wore anything that would reveal too much cleavage, but the shape of the protruding orbs beneath her clothes, more than made up for this. 

She was the quieter and conservative of the two, but Alex liked that. He found her charming and he envied her boyfriend, whoever he was. He knew he wouldn't be able to measure up to the men who were lined up at her pretty feet. She was a beauty that not even he could resist.

Her appearance wasn't all he found attractive. She was highly intelligent and her test scores matched his own from what he overheard. To say the least, he liked everything about her. Day after day Alex found himself looking forward to watching her walk into class. He had strategically changed his seat in order to be closer to her. He sat directly behind her and would sometimes curl the strands of her long hair around his forefinger. 

She never seemed to notice and neither did anyone else. As creepy as this sounded, it was probably the closest he would ever get to touching her. He even spent more time paying attention to her voice rather than his lectures. 

It's not like this infatuation was totally his fault. He'd been bumping heads with her in many places; the cafeteria, the library and the school's gym. She would always smile coyly at him and all he could manage to do was smile back and say a quick "Hi".  

He'd never gotten beyond that. He didn't want to say anything nerdy or stupid, which was his usual habit when surrounded by beautiful women. She made him nervous and horny all at the same time. Hell, she probably knew it, but these little encounters were driving him crazy. He couldn't bear to be away from her and knew that he was already in deep shit. 

Now he was following her. He was officially a stalker. He was a virgin and no one knew it, or probably even cared to know it. He felt shame for being one at his age but he'd never found the right girl. He didn't think he was a bad looking guy. Maybe it was the glasses, or the fact that he wasn't as athletic as the other guys he'd been to high school with. 

Whatever it was, most girls didn't seem interested in him. He'd had one girlfriend before he began college but they'd never been intimate. It probably could have been serious but she wanted to go to a different college and he knew that the distance wouldn't work out. Alex felt that Narya was the right girl and he wanted her badly. 

Sometimes he would wonder what it would be like to have her in bed. If only he could touch her just once. He would even be satisfied with a brush of skin, and that had only happened once. She accidentally bumped into him while cutting a corner in the hallway. The contact sent intense waves of electricity traveling down his spine, each delicious spark branching off into every nerve in his body. 

She quickly apologized and walked off but he stood there dumbfounded, not knowing what hit him. His mind had gone blank and he began to feel a little lightheaded. It passed within a few seconds but that single touch had gotten him painfully hard. It was so bad that he had to rush to the bathroom to relieve himself.

Whatever she did...or accidentally did to him, he wanted more. He craved her touch and couldn't control his lust. Lust. He hated that word, because his attraction was so much more than that. It couldn't be love, could it? No, it was way too soon to use that word and they hadn't even officially met. Alex was confused.

Maybe she really would think he was a creep for following her, but he was too curious to resist. He'd seen her disappearing into the backwoods of the university many times. She was always alone and he wondered what she was doing back there. Maybe it was a secret sorority meeting of some kind. He didn't know.

She never took her friend with her and the woods didn't look all that friendly. The area was thick with trees and shrubbery, which grew wildly about the school. Just the look of it seemed to repel the students from entering...but Narya didn't seem afraid. She would stride in without hesitation, disappearing into the mossy green darkness. His curiosity got the better of him one day and he made a decision to follow her, just to see what she was up to. 

Maybe it was some kind of secret sorority orgy. Now that would be exciting to witness. As ridiculous as it sounded he was eager to know her secret. This thought alone kept him moving forward...but it probably wasn't his only motivation. 

omething else beckoned him. It was very peculiar. He almost always noticed her in a crowd or when she would head into the forest. Out of the thousands of students on campus, she stood out to him, even when she wasn't wearing her favorite bright red. 

It was as if he was under some sort of spell which was slowly driving him out of his mind. He was trailing her like an excited wild animal, looking for its next meal. Not a very good analogy but it was true. He hungered for her. Usually logic would prevail in a situation like this because he was not the type to act on impulse; but he moved ever onward, disregarding all rational thought.

It was fall and the dried leaves and dead twigs crunched under his feet. He didn't want to alert her to his presence and tried his best to keep up. She'd been walking a little faster than when she first entered the place and he could barely see her now. Only the bright red of her shirt gave a hint of where she was. 

It was becoming very difficult to navigate through the woodland, because the trees he now came upon had grown thicker and were clumped together. The pungent smell of green moss and damp earth caused his eyes to water and his nose to burn. He was highly sensitive and the effects of his surroundings were slowing him down. He sincerely hoped that he wouldn't get lost. 

"Maybe I should turn back." he thought to himself.

Alex wanted to go back. He'd seen enough horror movies to know what happened to people who went deep into unfamiliar woods. They almost never came back. His brain began to tingle and the thought instantly disappeared from his mind. He would be fine. He had to keep going. He needed to keep moving. 

He couldn't see her now, since he'd stopped to contemplate his actions, but something...it was strange. He felt like he was going the right way. He wasn't walking in a singular direction. Instead he moved quickly through the trees as if he'd been there before and actually knew where he was going. 

His feet led him to a narrow dirt path and he began to follow it. He couldn't hear or see her anymore but he felt her presence. She was still here, somewhere. All of a sudden he stopped at a large rock formation, stretching out for more than thirty feet across the forest floor. 

The sound of rushing water could be heard, coming from behind it and he figured that it was probably a waterfall. In the center of the rock was a dark oval-shaped hole, big enough for someone to walk through. It reminded him of the ancient tombs of Egypt. He could hear echoes of laughter coming from inside and dread filled his mind. He was a bit claustrophobic. 

"What the hell did she go in there for? Isn't she afraid of bears and snakes?" he asked himself.

He didn't know if either animal populated the area but they were all fairly new to the university. Not many would venture so far out here without a guide of some sort. Maybe she was the fearless type but he wasn't so brave to just blindly follow her inside. 

He looked behind him and wondered if he should head back. After all there wouldn't be any trees to camouflage him in there. Plus he hated the dark and the creepy-crawlies. He preferred to be out in the sunlight, which was already growing faint because of the late hour.

That tingling sensation washed over him again and slowly, he began to make his way inside. Thunder rumbled in the distance, as if to warn him that danger was imminent, but he pressed on. Something was calling to him. He didn't know how he knew this, but he meant to solve this tiny mystery.

As he stepped into the mouth of the cave he took notice of a series of strange symbols, drawn in white chalk over the dirty grey walls. The symbols towards the front were faded and seemed to have been washed out by rainfall. 

Narya had probably drawn them. He'd never seen anything like it and he stopped to admire the markings. Most of them were circular in pattern, with variations of lines splitting each into quarters and halves. The only symbol he recognized was that of the crescent moon and he reached out to trace his fingers over the rough etchings.

"It's about time." a soft voice whispered behind him.

Alex almost jumped out of his skin. His entire body went cold with fear and he quickly turned around. 

"W-what the!"

It was Narya. She stood in front of him and gave her sweetest smile. Alex couldn't explain why, but her presence comforted him. He'd just been scared shitless when she appeared out of nowhere, but now he felt tranquil. Still, his voice didn't reflect that peace.

"Uh...h-how did you...I didn't hear you."

"Oh sweetie, I know you didn't hear me...but we...I felt you." she said, as her hands slid under his black Motley Crue t-shirt and trailed upwards and over his warm skin. "We called you here. I know you felt it." 

Her hot fingertips triggered those sensations once again and he felt his organ rising beneath his blue jeans. He looked down at his feet, as if ashamed of being both caught and aroused at the same time. 

"Alex...look at me." she said, with a sultry voice.

She was only a breath away and his green eyes began to study the features of her pretty face. Her toffee-colored eyes were looking into his and the boldness of her gaze made him look down once again. Down his eyes traveled, to her full pink lips, to her rounded chin, her smooth tanned neck and "Whoa!" he breathed out in surprise.

She was naked. The first time he'd looked down at his feet she was fully dressed. Now her breasts were bare and her rosy, pointed nipples were taunting him, daring him to taste. She flashed her pretty teeth at him and took him by the arm.

"Come on, I've been waiting."

He frowned. Did she really know he was following her...or was this some kind of trick? And how did she sneak up on him and get undressed so quickly. As she pulled him into the darkness he looked back to where he stood before. There were no clothes on the ground. What the hell was going on?

He stopped in his tracks and she turned to him with a curious look.

"I-I don't know what's going on here but I can't go with you. I don't like dark, closed up spaces."

"But I've been waiting for you for so long." she pouted and batted her long eyelashes. "It took you long enough to come find me. I want to be with you."

"What? A long time?" he frowned slightly.

"Yeah, come with me and we'll explain. I promise. It's not so scary in there. I think you'll really like it."

"Uh...no. I don't know if you got some guy in there waiting to jump me...or something."

Narya laughed and stood on her tip toes to kiss him. Her lips were soft and tasted of sugar and cinnamon. She pushed him against the cave wall and leaned towards him, squashing her bare breasts against his chest. 

He fell hard against the cave wall, but it didn't bother him too much. Her tongue was already inside his mouth, teasing and gently lapping at his own. Her hand slipped to his crotch and stroked his hard on through the jeans. She began to grow excited and gripped at it, while Alex moaned against her sweet mouth. Suddenly, out of nowhere, she pulled away from his mouth, as if she'd forgotten herself.

"You're such a good kisser sweetie. I can't wait to have more...but I shouldn't be so hasty. Come on. I promise nothing bad will happen to you. You can trust me." and she gave him that pretty smile again.

He couldn't deny her. Narya had him under her spell and she quickly pulled him away, into the darkness.

***

"How is this possible? We were just walking..."

He didn't finish the sentence because he was too amazed to see where he now stood. Narya had taken him to the depths of the cave, where there was barely any light. She held unto him firmly as if to assure him that he was in no danger. A few specks of dust had fallen into his eyes and as he walked forward, he rubbed her with his hand. 

He'd only blinked a few times. One, two, three...and then he was standing in the middle of a spacious hall, lit by tiny red and white candles. Some floating in the rectangular pools of water along the marbled floor, while others surrounded the supporting ivory pillars. 

Apart from the candles, some sort of artificial light beamed down upon them through the windows, illuminating the hall with a bright golden glow. About them were beautiful golden figurines of Hindu gods and goddesses, all bearing wide grins and frozen in various stances. Alex seemed to be in what looked like an ancient temple.

Narya still held onto him and he looked at her in amazement.

"Where are we?"

"Home." she smiled.

"What do you mean home?"

"This is where we belong Shiva."

"What did you just call me?"

"Shiva. That is who you represent now. You're here to be my mate."

"What?" he asked, sounding most confused.

Suddenly, out of nowhere a golden goblet appeared in her hand and she brought it to his lips.

"Here, drink this." she whispered, but he only backed away.

"How did you do that?" he asked; the disbelief evident in his expression.

"Well...I'm what you would call...a priestess I guess. I'm priestess of the goddess Kali. I'm her daughter."

"Riiiight...and what's in the cup?"

"Just the ceremonial wine honey. Don't worry. We need you for a ritual. A sexual ritual to put it plainly." and she winked at him.

He was still frowning and she withdrew the cup from his mouth.

"Don't you like me Alex? I see you looking at me all the time. I like you too...but the thing is you were supposed to pursue me. I wasn't allowed to go after you or tell you about any of this." and Narya gestured towards her surroundings.

Alex's eyes followed her movements and he finally took notice of a gigantic black statue to the front of the hall, which towered over them. It resembled the Hindu statues he'd seen earlier; however, this one was what seemed to be the focus of worship. It was terrifying.

The goddess' nude body was as black as pitch. Her eyes were large and wide, and the flickering of the golden candlelight made them look alive. Her red tongue was long and fell below her chin, almost resting between the cleft of her dark breasts. Around her neck were garlands of crimson flowers and human skulls, all strung together like beads for a necklace. 

Her golden crown resembled a giant golden cobra, with its fanged mouth open and ready to strike. Droves of tiny golden snakes curled towards the center of her crown, forming tiers of gold and black, which rose above the long black tresses. On the goddess' sides were a multitude of black arms protruding from her body, each containing some sort of weapon. 

He recognized a few; the sword, the scythe and something which looked like a spear. In one of her hands, she firmly held a severed human head by its hairs and Alex swallowed hard. This was all starting to freak him out.

He looked to his right at Narya. She was staring at him and still smiling. He didn't want to believe that he could end up with his head detached from his body, but he wasn't about to take any chances. 

"Why couldn't this just have been a sorority meeting?" he thought.

"I know what you're thinking sweetheart." Narya whispered. "Mother scares you doesn't she?"

"Mother? She's not really..." and Narya pressed her finger to his lips.

"You don't want her to get angry do you? She can hear you love. You've been brought here for a reason and that is to complete the ritual. If you try to run or disrespect her, she will kill you. I don't want that to happen sweetheart. She is a just and loving mother, but she can sometimes be unforgiving."

"Are you serious?" he replied in shock.

Before she could answer, something gripped him by the leg. He quickly looked down and a huge black snake was tightly coiling around the length of his leg. His entire body ran cold with fear and he gripped Narya's arm tightly. He hated snakes and knew enough about them to recognize this one. It was an Indian Cobra; a serpent with a deadly bite.

Narya gently pried his fingers away from her arm and knelt at his feet. She held her palm out and the snake recoiled from his leg, and onto her arm. He was hyperventilating and Narya placed her palm upon his chest.

"Calm down Alex. Breathe." she said, while moving her other hand in circular motions against his chest.

The cobra's eyes were on Alex and it hissed at him, as if threatened by his presence.

"Now, now mother." Narya said as she looked up to the goddess. "He is not familiar with you and meant no disrespect. We will teach him and you will be pleased. Now recall your hordes."

Alex was still in shock, yet he tried to make sense of everything that was being said. His mind tried to comprehend the situation and a thought suddenly struck him. 

"Narya said hordes. What hordes? There's only one snake on her..." and his thoughts came to a halt when he noticed that the surrounding floor was creeping towards him.

The sounds of hissing filled his ears and he realized that they were surrounded by a sea of slithering snakes. All of them dark and menacing, and moving ever closer to where he stood.

"Shit!" he screamed, his cries echoing throughout the temple.
