 Hello, my name is Kallie, and I'm a whore. Not an ordinary, everyone gets a turn kind of floozy, I'm a do what my master tells me to, so that he's pleased with his fat little plaything, kind of whore. 

I'm a fuck my master in the middle of a darkened park with my tits zip-tied to a park bench while a police officer who may or may not be my father fucks my throat and cums in my plain round face kind of whore. 

I'm a begging for attention, dying to serve you master, please don't lock me in the trunk, I'm too tired to stand, leaking cum from both ends, kind of whore. 

The trunk is dark except for when Master hits the brakes, the road is bumpy and my round little naked body bounces around something fierce. I banged my head against the tire jack, curled into a ball, and shoved it away. I tucked my hands between my legs, and they found my clit. I lazily rolled my fingers around my pleasure nub, but without permission, could not make myself cum. I reached behind my ass to the giant glass butt plug Master inserted in me to keep his cum inside. I hold the base and pull it in and out, as I frig my throbbing clit. 

Better. 

The car lurched, I banged my head into the trunk latch, and jam the plug deep inside myself. I saw stars, and punished sufficiently, exploded into orgasm. 

I passed out. 

Sometime before morning, Master popped the trunk of the car. The air was cold and damp on my skin, and I was sweaty from being fucked and even more from the trip. He stood over me, His silhouette framed against the night sky by the edges of his vehicle. 

"Time to get the fuck out of the car, little whore. Can't sleep there all night."

"But Master, I'm naked."

"You were naked when you went in, and you'll be naked when you come out. Besides, you don't need clothes anymore, understand? You are correct though, you can't come inside like that."

He unzipped his slacks, and let his slowly inflating meat wand, dangle over the bumper. 

"Service me."

I crawled to the edge of the trunk, but because my tits were in the way, was not able to reach him immediately. I had to lift my fleshy G cup mammaries over the bumper, exposing myself to gods and country, letting them hang outside the car. My lips wrapped his manhood, I paused, greedily lapping his balls before throating his rapidly lengthening dick. 

He grabbed a handful of my wavy hair, right at the base of my neck. Master could have turned my head left or right, up or down. He didn't force or guide anything, he just let me know that he could do anything that he wanted to and let me throat fuck his cock at my own pace. My fat tit sacks slapped the car, noisily adding to the other sounds of the assault on my knob gobbler, the rhythmic squeaking of the car's suspension, which I'm sure suffered under my weight, screamed out to the surrounding houses that some manner of sex was happening. I gagged a few times making a "Gah, Gluck, Gluck, Gluck" sound as I swallowed, I swear his meat stick was still growing down my throat. I felt the veins cording it's length with my lips, and could hardly believe that all this cock had been in my ass. 

He ran his thumb over my plain round face, surveying me, and I looked up to make eye contact with him. 

"This is your first duty. You will make sure that I am serviced and satisfied at all times. This is why you exist in this house."

I nodded as much as I could while my lips nested against his pelvis and balls. I exhaled hard to catch a breath around his cock, I was able to make the sound "uh huh" to the affirmative. My arms and shoulders started to burn from holding the weight of my tits up in this position. The sun started to peak up from behind my new Master, soon the darkness that hid me from prying eyes would be gone. 

"That's it, good girl. Here you go, a treat."

My new Master pulled his slick tool from down my throat, and I welcomed the fresh air for a second, as I followed him with my eyes. With both hands he ringed his cock, and jerked himself twice, his salty hot cum fire hosed across my face, pendulous breasts, and into my hair. 

"There, now that's perfect. You can go inside now."

Steam rose from the cum that covered my skin, I was unable to open my left eye, for the mass of spunk that lay over my eyelid. He held his hand up, like a gentleman, to help me out of the trunk. I stepped my chubby size five and a halfs onto the cement of the driveway. Embarrassed of my body, the grease, dirt, and cum covered state of myself, I tried to cross my arms over my chest. Master, quick as lightning, slapped my throbbing clit and right nipple, twice. I dropped my arms and sat, startled onto the bumper. 

"No. You will walk in as the Gods made your fat little body. Hold your head high, back straight. You will feel shame but not show it. Posture is important. You are on display at all times for my enjoyment. Is that clear?"

The swat of his open palm on my engorged privates still stung something fierce, and I was more embarrassed than actually hurt. I couldn't stop the tears from flowing from my closed left eye. The tears and semen mixed and dribbled onto my already cum covered left breast. 

"Hands out at your side, palms down, turn to your left. This is home. Not your home, of course, but home. That sham life you had is over. As soon as I file for your license, this is where you belong and I am your master forever."

I looked at the house through my one good eye. It was perfect. The stereotypical picket fence, the two car garage, the privacy hedges, and no lights on. It was everything that I ever wanted, to be the wife, to be the lady of the house, taking care of a husband who loved me for me and accepted me for all I am. 

This place was the dream, and I've come to it lower than a maid, covered in spunk, smuggled to this place in the dark of night in the trunk of a car. 

Most of the neighborhood was dark and quiet. Then lights started to glow inside the rooms and kitchens. I really wanted to get inside before some random house wife caught a good look of my tubby naked body, filthy and covered in cum. 

"When we get inside I'm filing the paperwork. If you're still inside when I finished assent is assumed and you are bonded to me."

He hesitated at the door. 

"So shall we go inside?"

Meekly, with my hands at my sides, palms down as instructed I whispered out. 

"Yes, please."

"Good girl. Come inside."

I gladly hopped up the steps to the open front door, and took another step into darkness. 

He closed the door behind me, and the wooden door sounded wrong as it closed. It was heavy and the locks turned on their own. Following my master, I padded barefoot across the tile and the carpet, through the den and into the kitchen. On the counter sat a small dish full of blotter acid. The squares had a devil's face in front of a strange symbol. Unconsciously, I licked my lips as my earlier buzz from the pot and party acid was wearing off. Master noticed my wandering eyes. 

"Devil's tongue. If you want a hit, place it on your clitorus. It's very strong magic."

He offered the dish, I took two hits and meekly placed them on both sides of my love button. I looked at Master, and had a flash of writing across his cheeks. The devil's tongue was amazingly strong, and I felt the sensation of weightlessness, as well as flashes of hallucination overlaying the house. 

"I expect you to care for the condition of the house, when you are not completing assignments or in training. I should never see a dirty dish, or a spot of that on the floor."

He pointed at my dirty feet, or rather, between my dirty feet at the single, thick drop of cum that had dropped off my tit.

I blushed crimson. 

"Clean that up."

I moved in the direction of the sink. 

"No. Did I tell you to go to the sink and clean that up? No, I told you to clean it up. I shouldn't have to tell you how."

I got down on my hands and knees to lick his seed from the floor, and as I did, all the rest of the cum on my tits and face dribbled from my skin and onto the floor. My tits smeared it, and I was licking, licking, licking as much as I could, but I only had one eye I could see from. Master approached me from behind, and stepped out of his clothes, laying them on the counter. My ass bobbed up and down as I tried to clean the mess that increased the more I tried to clean it. I spread my toes for traction against the tile, when Master pulled the large glass butt plug from my ass with a pop, and set it in the sink. 

"You will make sure your toys stay clean and sanitary. You will keep yourself clean and tidy, unless you are training or become filthy in the course of your chores."

He brought his hard cock to my gaped ass and filled me while I worked. He fucked me rotten while I cried and tongue cleaned his floor. 

"Rule number one, you will always be naked in the house, unless specifically instructed or given clothes. Rule number two, if you see my cock it should be in your mouth, or wherever I choose to put it. Do you understand little whore?" 

I furiously nodded and bucked forward mashing my nipples into the mess under the savage thrusts that were spreading my asshole. At the rate and depth Master buried his bone in my bum, you never would have known that less than 24 hours ago I was practically an anal virgin. I'd had no more than a finger or my last boyfriend's tiny prick up there. My asshole was full of a man's cock, grinding against my inner and outer rings, my face, tits, and belly into the muck on the floor. The truth is that in the beginning I resisted anal sex. It was a dirty thing that only dirty skanks and degenerates did. 

The first time I yielded, allowed a man to take me, to take me completely, felt him filling me in places he had no right to be, I realized what I was. And when I started to crave it, seek it out, ask my boyfriend to take me, humiliate me, he realized what I was. He'd push his tiny tool up my ass, said that he owned me and at the moment, he did. That was nothing compared to this. Nothing compared to the size of this man and this humiliation, I started to slip sideways into bliss. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! 

His hand lit upon my butt cheek like the fire of hell. The sticky cum sucked me down, while the pain forced me to break free of its grip with a sickening squelching pop. 

"Don't go anywhere, you filthy cum soaked little whore, not while you're still working."

My attention refocused, on my master, on the floor I was cleaning. My pleasure, my bliss wasn't going to be the first reason I was there. I really had no pain threshold, a small slap was enough to make me cry out. 

"Rule three, I will hear no complaining. If I do, this means you want punishment. Punishment covers a wide range of ideas, everything from torture, to bondage, or I believe most horrible in your case, isolation. I trust you don't want to be punished or abandoned?"

He moved his hand to the small of my back as he continued to ream out my darkest most shameful place. 

"No Daddy!"

The panic that gripped me at the thought of being forcibly separated from Master for any length of time now that I'd found him caused such a reaction in me. It was primal, it found a resonating anguish in my first, greatest abandonment. My sisters knew their fathers, I grew up seeing their, at least temporary happiness in their father's arms. To me, fathers became the ideal, Daddies became the perfect man. Only the few lovers who had taken my body to its ultimate debasement had become Daddy, or Poppy, or some other father figure. I gravitated to this incestuous ideal for reasons I couldn't even explain to myself. 

"Daddy? Wasn't that your Daddy whose cock you sucked earlier tonight?"

"I.. I don't know... I never knew him, I never had a father."

"ah... So then he could have been your father. Did you enjoy sucking the peace keeper's cock?"

"I... I was doing what you wanted, because you wanted me to, because I didn't want to go to jail."

"Exactly! That leads me to rule number four. You, little whore, will fuck and suck who I want, when I want. It doesn't matter if your sucking cock at an elegant dinner party, or being gang banged at a truck stop toilet, you will do as you are told."

I dropped my head down, and let it roll as he continued to fuck me. 

"Answer me, did you enjoy sucking his cock?"

"Yes Master."

I didn't think I could feel any lower. 

"Even when you found out that he fucks your mom regularly, and who he could possibly be?"

I was in tears again, to find someone who could be my father, like this... It was several of my darkest, sickest fantasy scenarios strung together and edited out of sequence and put on display for the master I'd been praying for. 

"yes Master."

"Honesty is a treasure, even if it exposes what kind of deviant whore you really are."

He smiled as the tears fell to the smeared mess of sticky nut load on the floor beneath me. 

"Let me ask you, Kallie, would you rather that I was your daddy instead of him?"

I nodded and snuffled to keep my nose from running. I inhaled some cum for my efforts, it stung my nose, and I fought the urge to sneeze it out all over the kitchen floor. 

"Yes, yes, Daddy, I do. I'll be the best I can for you. Please keep me!"

He placed his hand between my shoulder blades. His cock had bottomed out in me, I felt like he was splitting me in half. 

"I am, I will. You will be my cum soaked sodomized little whore."

He pulled his cock from my ass. 

"Sit up, I don't want you to waste it. Open."

I sat back on my round ass and faced him. My face, tits, and belly were covered in the smeared dried cum of my two Daddies. I opened my mouth for him and looked at him with one eye. He lay his cock on my tongue, and smiled at me. I tasted his cum and a bit of the bitterness of my own ass. I sucked him down, eagerly throating his cock again. 

"Suck your Daddy, little whore, suck me!"

He exploded in my mouth. 

"Oh Fuck, oh you sweet little fellatrix, take my cum, you plump little cum dump!"

I swallowed and I swallowed, I milked the length and thickness of him as he fucked my filthy mouth, and didn't spill a drop. I licked him clean, waited for instructions, and smiled. 

**************************

Daddy took me down stairs to my dungeon under the basement. The flashes I saw through the eyes of the devil's tongue painted symbols on every wall, on the wooden horse, St Andrew's cross, on the hanging chains, the restraint benches, and all they other various torture devices. My drug addled imagination made the connection, that these tools turned torment into prayer, that this dungeon was a sanctuary of a sort. 

He showed me where I would sleep. The little bed was like a nest and had places to lock chains in place. I was surprised to be the only person serving in a place this large. Master led me to the lowest area of the dungeon, there he stood me in front of an old foundation wall, and hosed me down with a stinging high pressure spray. He was brutal, the sting of the spray spared no part of my substantial curves. 

"I want you as pure as possible for the signing of your papers."

He pushed warm water up my ass and told me to hold it. He showed me to an ancient toilet nestled in the old foundation. It was basically a hole where I could squat to use the bathroom and void myself out while he worked on completing my license. 

I'm supposed to go upstairs when I am ready and clean. I heard whispers that I couldn't understand tickling the back of my mind. I push the whisper of a voice out of my thoughts. 

My inner masochist rejoiced, I think I could be happy here. 

My dungeon opens and closes for me on its own, just like the front door. My little fat feet tread quietly on the cobblestone, but the stairs creak under my weight. I am so very heavy, it embarrasses me... but my daddy says he likes me this way. 

He's in the study in the center of the house. 

His desk is beautiful, made of hard wood and huge. The tabletop stands on two carved drawer pedestals, decorated with leather and brass. He sits in on the other side of the desk facing me, he is writing with an old style feather quill, wearing a blue silk robe. He is barefoot and between the split of his robe, I can see his dangling member. 

As I reach the desk, I drop to my hands and knees. He sees me, but keeps writing. I crawl under the desk, nuzzle up between his knees, and take his knob back into my mouth. 

All I want to do is slowly suckle it, so I do. 

I reach in, lapping at and drawing his testicles into my mouth. I give his plums a tongue bath. 

"Kallie, I am almost finished, you should be pleased, this is the first time I've ever heard of this particular paperwork being used."

I curl my cheek onto his leg, sucking His other testicle, and I blush. I'm not the housewife, this isn't my house, but he's accepted me for all my many flaws. 

I feel special. 

I spent ten more minutes worshiping master's cock and balls, inhaling his scent and taking my place at his feet. 

"Kallie, come out from under the desk."

He stood, and I followed him. I wrapped my lips again around his cock. 

"Good. Very good, girl. Now stand."

I pulled myself to my full height of 4'11" in front of him. I pushed my 38 G cup's out as far as I could, the mass of my curves resting on my belly, which hung a bit over my hidden puffy pussy. 

"This will only take a second. Oh look, you must have taken a bump in the car, you're bleeding a little."

He brushed back my hair with his feathered pen, to look closer. I felt the sharp tip of the quill touch my scalp. 

"It's not bad."

He smiled. 

"This is purely for my pleasure, not a part of the paper signing process."

He handed me a collar attached to a leash. 

"It's a token, a sign of your willingness to serve. Take the lead, Kallie, be my slave."

I took the collar from his hands and locked it around my own throat. 

"Sign here, and here, and there. This is for the license."

The pages were typed and business form letter formal, they verified certain things about me: 

Height 4'11 1/8"

Weight 246 lbs (What!) 

Bust 40 H (I guess I've expanded a little. Maybe alot.) 

Waist 44" (sigh.) 

hips 48" 

Shoe size 5 1/2

Blood type A

Lifetime earning potential (shallow world) 

How much I would sell for (real world) 

My family structure, closest relations, and date of birth. 

I signed them one by one. 

"Excellent! Now in the eyes of the under-government your substantial ass belongs to me, and as property, I can do with you what I wish. This, my dear, is the special paperwork I was talking about. This will bind you closer to me than any slave in current memory."

The new sheet looked very old. And just looking at it made me feel cold for some reason. What I could read of it verified other things, impossible to know things, like: who was my first crush, who took my virginity, how many people I've gone down on (it was a smaller number than I recalled,) how many times I've begged for a good ass fucking, and how many times I've prayed for someone to take me away from my life. 

A complete list of my deepest darkest fetishes and fantasies. (Incest, Degradation, Enslavement, Masochism, Algolagnia, Asphyxiophilia, Exhibitionism, Feederism, Stigmatophilia, Cuckqueanry, Urolagnia, Voyeurism, Klismaphilia, and Macrophilia, just to name a few.)

There were energy flow diagrams, Chakra loci. Minute details about my body. 

My actual parentage, complete with some wild family tree. 

There was a truth clause. Something about surrendering the right to lie. 

Something about the shadow world and illusion and the eyes of truth. 

It gave a percentage for the purity of my soul. 

"Oh Kallie, you perfect mongrel bitch, you are exactly as advertised."

Master said as he examined the family tree with a looking glass. 
