 Eversong Woods was a enchanting in the fall especially. The cool breezes floated throughout the autumn trees, and the very forests seemed to come alive. Leaves fell from their golden perches, dancing through the air in their final decent to the soft grasses of the woods. Dragonhawks gracefully swept over the forest floor, their elegant wings moving silently in the breeze.

Kalren sat upon the grassy banks of Elrendar Falls, Farstrider Retreat barely visible through the trees. Golden light of the sun, shone in rays through the whispering leaves of the ashen boughs above. The falls were not loud, even though water poured to the pond below, and birds chirped in the flowers along the grassy bank of the river. 

Kalren was an elf of noble background, always in aristocratic gatherings held by his father, so many times he loved nothing more than to lay in the soft grasses of Eversong, somewhere far from Silvermoon and his father's demanding ways. His long silver hair grew down to his chest and halfway down his back, shimmering like starlight. His face was angular and chisled to near perfection in the eyes of the Sin'dorei. At least, the females of aristocratic heritage seemed to think so. He was different though; he felt comfortable around the men of the court moreso than the women. 

His lean, muscular build had always attracted the females. But to Kalren, the touch of a young male elf like himself always seemed to make him stir inside. He was a young adult, seeming twenty years to a human, but of course he held many more years than that, being an elf. 

Kalren smiled thinking of the elf that made him stir whenever he was near. His name was Aru. Aru was the son of his father's best client in the textile shipping business. Kalren could not understand what stirred within him when Aru was near. The elf would speak to Kalren in his warm and soft voice, and Kalren would start to turn pink. His eyes would sparkle as he spoke to Kalren, but Kalren could not hardly keep eye contact without smiling and looking away. What was it about that elf?

"What an elf...that Aru..I wish-" Kalren's thoughts were interrupted.

"There you are, Kalren." A warm voice floated through the breeze behind him.

Kalren turned to see an elf with long. dark auburn hair striding towards him. He was elegant with a beautiful face, a perfectly toned body, and gleaming eyes. It was Aru.

Kalren quickly rose and bowed respectfully. "Lord Aru..I-I did not expect to see you here."

"Kalren, I have told you, you need not call me 'lord' outside of our father's meetings. Call me Aru." He smiled his warm smile, sending a wave of emotion over Kalren he could not fathom.

"I do apologize Aru. You just surprise me with your presence is all." Kalren replied in honesty.

"I can always leave, Kalren...." Aru turned slowly away.

"No, wait!" Kalren grabbed the elf's wrist softly.

Kalren was terrified. What had he done? He withdrew his hand and turned away. 

"I am sorry Aru, I just enjoy being around you." Kalren said softly, trembling from embarassment.

Kalren was struck with an emotional torrent, stronger than when he channeled his arcane magics as Aru wrapped his arms around Kalren's and held him from behind, against his warm body. Aru's head rested on Kalren's shoulder, and his soft skin pressed against Kalren's cheek. Aru smelled of the autumn breeze, mixed with the scent of clean, pure skin. 

"And I, you, Kalren. I have meant to come to you, for such a long time. I have watched from the gardens of Silvermoon as you pass by on your way to these woods, your beautiful smile shining in the light of the sun, your starlit hair flowing in the gentle carress of the breeze. I was so worried you did not feel the same for me." Aru said in a voice more soft and beautiful than Kalren could ever remember.

"Aru..I-I-do not know what to think of my feelings. When we are together I feel as light as a feather, my heart races, and my face reddens..." Kalren stammered as he blushed.

Aru held him tighter, and whispered softly in his long, elegant ear,"It is love, my Kalren."

Aru nibbled softly on Kalren's ear, and held him closer. Kalren felt Aru's groin stirring and pressing against his bottom through his robes. 

Kalren blushed and smiled timidly. "Aru..W-what would our father's think?" 

"I care not, my love. You are mine, and I yours. It matters not what they say." Aru turned Kalren around slowly and looked into his eyes.

"I love you, Kalren. I always have, and I always will." Aru softly told him.

Aru leaned in and kissed Kalren passionately. Kalren's lips tingled and his heart fluttered. His groin stirred beneath his robe as Aru slid his delicate tongue into Kalren's mouth. Aru laid Kalren in a soft bed of grass while still kissing him. 

Kalren lay on his back, and look up into the eyes of his beloved as Aru withdrew from the kiss. "I love you as well, Aru."

Aru began to kiss him again, as he undid the clasps of the elf's robe. Kalren now laid upon his robe in nothing but a thin, bright gold, silk thong. Aru withdrew the kiss again, and looked down at the bulge that was throbbing under the beautiful golden silk, the bulge revealed the size of Kalren's long shaft, turned up towards his beautiful abdominal muscles. The tip of the bulge was damp with the suspense of the coming love. 

Aru took off his tunic and trousers and threw them to the side. He was in a dark maroon thong of silk. Kalren looked down at Aru's large shaft, bulging beneath the maroon silk. His too, was laid upwards towards his abdominal muscles, and the tip had seeped through the silk.

Aru laid down on Kalren and kissed him passionately, rubbing their bulges together, their groins throbbing in their loving pleasure.

Aru withdrew his kiss. "Kalren, I want this to be the best for you, if you are ready."

Kalren pecked him on the lips. "Of course, my love."

Aru replied, "Then let me show you what a world of happiness is."

He kissed down Kalren's neck, making the elf moan and his hips pump slowly up and down. He slowly moved down to the elf's hard nipples, and sucked and nibbled them passionately and soft, then harder and more strongly. Kalren moaned loudly, clutching at the auburn hair of his lover. 

Aru kissed and licked down Kalren's stomach, and down to the the pulsing bulge of golden silk. He looked down at shining pre-cum that seeped through the silk, and watched as another drop pumped through. He licked along the soft silk, starting from the base of Kalren's shaft, and finally tasting his pre-cum towards the top. Kalren moaned and rubbed Aru's soft skin of his muscled back.

Aru slowly removed the silken thong to reveal Kalren's cock. It was beautiful. Long, slender, straight as an arrow, and slowly dripped pre-cum. The sweet smell of Kalren's elven perfume mixed with the slight smell of pre-cum made Aru go wild. He kissed the soft skin of Kalren's ballsack, no hair to ever grow on elven genitals. He took them in his mouth as Kalren moaned, feeling them swelling as Kalren grew more and more aroused. 

Aru then began to lick up Kalren's hard shaft, before taking his pulsing cock into his mouth. He sucked hard as Kalren moaned. After nearly getting Kalren to cum, he turned him over, kissing his back gently. He moved down to kiss and nibble Kalren's toned butt, before sliding his tongue from the back of the elf's balls to pass over his smooth hole. Kalren moaned and gently moved his hips as Aru gripped his butt in his hands, licking up and down his smooth, clean, butt. When it was slick, he plunged his tongue deep inside Kalren, feeling the strong grip of the elf's beautiful, tight hole. He repeated this over and over, Kalren moaning and breathing deeply, his cock pulsating and dripping from pleasure.

After Aru had had his fill, his angular face wet from loving his new partner, he turned Kalren on his back. He moved up and slipped his cock into Kalren's mouth, and moaned softly as Kalren slicked him up. He then moved back down and held onto Kalren's butt as the elf raised his legs to receive Aru's shaft. 

"I do not want to hurt you, my love." Aru lovingly whispered and kissed his shoulder.

"I want you all the way in, Aru..." Kalren softly replied, kissing the elf's neck.

Aru did as asked, and slowly slid his cock into Kalren, all the way to the base. Kalren moaned loudly, and gripped Aru firmly on the butt, pulling him deeper. Aru began to thrust slowly, and become faster. Kalren's cock bounced and dripped as Aru made love to his new-found lover. His full ballsack slapped gently against Kalren's butt, and he bent down and slipped his tongue into Kalren's mouth. 

Aru began to thrust faster, and Kalren moaned and breathed even deeper. When Aru noticed Kalren begin to moan shorter and more high pitched, and saw his dripping cock begin to throb, he slowed down to strong, deep thrusts. Kalren moaned loudly, in a higher voice as he began to orgasm. At first there was a steadly stream of precum that reached up to his chest, and then his cock tensed up and squirted several times, over and over, covering his mouth and chest. 

Aru, who had not came yet, slipped his cock out of the tensing hole of his lover. He licked up all the cum of Kalren's beautiful orgasm, from his abs, chest, and mouth, and kissed him passionately, letting Kalren's cum into the elf's mouth as they kissed. 

Kalren motioned for Aru to come up higher on him. He moved Aru to squat on his face, his swollen ballsack bouncing softly as he rubbed his cock. Kalren slipped his tongue into the soft hole of Aru, and passed his cum from his mouth into Aru's tightening hole. When he had finished, Aru moved down on Kalren, feeling his cock still hard. 

Aru slipped Kalren's cock into his tight hole, and sat down to the base. He started moving his butt up and down slowly, and gradually got faster. Kalren's cum that he had passed into Aru's hole made slick noises that only turned him on even more. His cum ran down the front of his cock and covered his ballsack, and before long, he moaned loudly as he filled up Aru's tensing hole with another hot load of cum.

Aru pulled off of Kalren's cock that still throbbed. He moved down to Kalren's butt again, and slipped in, thrusting quickly and strongly. Before long, he exclaimed loudly as he came deep into Kalren. He came so much, some dribbled out and down Kalren's smooth butt. After Aru withdrew, he moved down and began licking Kalren's hole. Kalren would not let him have the load though...yet.

"Aru...My sweet love...Come up here." Kalren kissed him passionately.

Kalren had Aru relax over him, his legs past Kalren's head, his smooth hole by his lips. Aru stroked his cock as it still was hard and ready for more, and Kalren slid his tongue in and kissed Aru's hole, after a few steamy minutes of this, Aru sighed deeply and came again, squirting into the air, his cum running down his sack onto Kalren's lips.

When his orgasm subsided, his hole relaxed and Kalren's cum came dripping out and all over his lips. Kalren licked it all up, and saved it in his mouth, savoring the taste. Kalren rolled Aru on his back and relaxed likewise over his lover's face. Aru licked and kissed Kalren's hole as the elf slowly gyrated his butt on Aru's face. 

Before long, Kalren's cock, which was slumped over and bouncing half-hard, pulsed. He orgasmed one last time, cum running down his shaft, down his relieved ballsack, and onto his hole. Aru licked the new cum from his hole, and Kalren moved his butt strongly and more quickly against Aru's beautiful lips. Kalren refrained for as long as he could before moaning in a high voice and squirting Aru's load all over his lips. 

Kalren moved to where he and Aru looked into each other's eyes. He kissed him passionately, their cum sharing between their lips, and in their mouths. After cleaning each other's lips and swallowing the love they had made between them, Kalren spoke.

"You are my everything, Aru. You always were. I will love you forever." Kalren said softly.

Aru smiled and hugged him close. The two Sin'dorei held each other and slept through the moonlit night in the Woods of Eversong.