 This is the fourth Kara Lofts story, set in a re-made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like and follows The Five Idols, The Talismans and The Badlands. Like all my stuff, it'll feature big tits, big dicks, anal and more than a little incest if the story allows so if none of that's your thing, go find something else to read.

In The Five Idols, Kara's ex-lover Jennifer Raven collected five idols that, legend said, would bring about the end of the world. She escaped to an extra-dimensional cave which Kara followed her to where she performed a ritual that utterly changed the world we know. Modern technology ceased to work, people disappeared, mythical creatures came into existence, and the land was split into Realms magically sealed off from each other. The few remaining men, including Kara's lover Dex and her father Sir Arthur, aged prematurely while the women, including her friend and Sir Arthur's maid Sophie, became virtual copies of Jennifer's ideal woman with large breasts, slim waist, round asses -- basically Kara. While Kara's experiences in the cave took about an hour or so, when she returned to the real world, she discovered eight years had gone by.

In The Talismans, Kara and Sophie decided to find a way to cure the men of their situation and possibly revert the world to normal. Hearing of a possible cure in another Realm, they bargained with the town's Mayor -- actually a spirit animating the statue of winged hellhound -- for Talismans that would allow them to travel between Realms. Securing a Talisman each, they set off for the next Realm, unaware that the Mayor was acting as an agent for Jennifer Raven.

In The Badlands, Kara and Sophie helped rescue a group of women who were being held captive by a tribe of cyclops and a mercenary called Eve. Helping them was Lex, the runt of the cyclops tribe who was happy to get away from his bullying kind. Kara managed to convince Eve to swap sides -- especially after Eve revealed herself to be a well-endowed dickgirl -- and in return for rescuing the women, Kara and Sophie were told of a wizard, Mordantir, who could help them with their plan to restore the world to normal. Kara struck a deal with the wizard, agreeing to find three items for him in return for a way to find and enter Jennifer Raven's stronghold, as only Jennifer could restore the old world.

† † † † †

"You're sure you won't come with us?" Kara asked Eve.

"I'm sure," Eve said. "This quest of yours to return the world to normal is just that -- yours, not mine."

"We're going to miss you," Kara said, stepping forward and giving her a hug, their huge tits squashing against each other. "We all will."

As Kara stepped back, Sophie took her place, then Eve knelt down and hugged Lex, the little cyclops.

"I'll miss you, too, but I'm a mercenary -- I'm sure I'll find a job in this or another Realm. And who knows? We might see each other again."

With that, Eve blew them all a kiss, turned and left the campsite.

"Now that's over, perhaps we can start?" the wizard Mordantir said.

Kara and Sophie frowned at the old man with the long grey beard and big floppy hat who stood off to one side, staff in hand, looking like every wizard they'd read about or seen in movies before the world had turned upside down. Only Kara knew that the clichéd look was a disguise and that his real form was nothing more than a mass of slime covered tentacles, some as thin as her finger, some as thick as her thigh. It was that version of the wizard that she had struck a bargain with -- in return for her finding three items, Mordantir would give her the location and key to find and enter the castle of Jennifer Raven. She and Jennifer had been lovers in years past but had split up and had become reluctant enemies. It was Jennifer who was responsible for altering the world, releasing wild magic and bizarre creatures, splitting the land into Realms that were as different from each other as night and day. One could be populated by creatures from a fantasy novel, the next a post-apocalyptic wasteland.

The changes to the world had also caused the men to age prematurely and lose their sex drive. At the same time, Jennifer had caused the women to conform to the body type that she and Kara shared -- long legs, a pert, round ass, trim waist and huge, almost gravity defying breasts. Sex had become a way of life and Sophie had joked that just about everything in this new world wanted to fuck them.

"What's first?" Kara asked the wizard.

"The Bridle of Phoenicas, King of the Centaurs," the wizard said. "I can open a portal to the next Realm where you should be able to find the centaurs. How you get the Bridle I leave to you."

"Centaurs, eh?" Sophie said with a smirk, folding her arms beneath her big tits. "Why do I think there's some horse sized cock in our future?"

Mordantir grinned at her. "Once you have secured the Bridle, place it in this bag," he said, handing Kara a rucksack. "There is an enchantment upon it which ensures that once something is placed inside, only I can remove it. After that, you will have to track down the Book of the Dead and the Sword of the Ocean which will be somewhere within the Realm."

"And once we've got them all, bring them back to you."

"Exactly," Mordantir said. "You will need some weapons as your pistols are now empty of ammunition and useless," he said, rummaging in his cloak. Kara's guns had run out of bullets when they'd rescued the captive girls from the brothel in Carver Town. "Here, these should help," the wizard said. He held out two belts, each with scabbards attached which had swords sheathed within them.

"Swords?" Sophie said, taking hers. "What the hell can I do with a sword?"

"I've used one a few times over the years," Kara said. "I can show you some moves."

She glanced down at Lex, the little blue-skinned cyclops' single eye looking sad.

"Are you going to be okay, staying here with Mordantir?" she asked him.

"I shall miss you, Miss Kara, Miss Sophie," Lex said, struggling not to cry.

"He will be fine," Mordantir said, placing a hand on Lex's head. "I shall ensure no harm comes to him."

"Thank you, sir, very much," the polite Lex said, looking up at the wizard.

Mordantir looked at Kara and Sophie -- two busty, beautiful women wearing leather trousers, boots, T-shirts and leather jackets. Kara's bright, dyed red hair shone in the early morning sunlight, Sophie's golden blonde locks gleaming next to her. Both their outfits were starting to look worse for wear -- holes appearing in the jackets and trousers, their cotton T-shirts now so thin they were starting to become transparent.

"How do we get to the next Realm?" Sophie asked.

With a grand wave of Mordantir's arm, an arch appeared in the air before them, the dusty hillside of their campsite giving way and revealing a forest in twilight, a light smattering of snow having fallen through the leaves to land on the ground below.

"Simply walk through," he said. "Your Talismans -- " he pointed to the rune stone amulets Sophie and Kara wore around their necks " -- will allow you to move between Realms."

Kara sighed and leaned down, giving Lex a big hug, moving aside as Sophie did the same to him.

"Okay then," Kara said. "Let's do this. Land of centaurs here we come."

Hand in hand, they walked through the archway into the forest in another Realm.

† † † † †

"Bloody hell it's cold in this forest after the desert of the last Realm," Sophie said, her arms wrapped around herself, jacket zipped up to the top.

"It's not that bad," Kara said. "It's quite refreshing after that bloody desert."

"Refreshing?" Sophie said, grumbling. "Wish I felt refreshed."

They walked through the forest, not really having an idea of where they were headed, trusting that Mordantir had pointed them in the right direction at the very least. Despite walking for what seemed like hours, the forest grew neither darker -- as they'd expected -- nor any lighter, remaining in what appeared to be a perpetual twilight. Fresh snow would occasionally fall through the canopy of leaves above them, but never amounting to more than an inch or so on the ground, and while it didn't get any warmer, at least it didn't appear to be getting colder.

"Is there any end to this forest?" Sophie asked.

"Doesn't look like it," Kara said. As she said that, she noticed the ground ahead rose up, the trees thinning out. Before she could mention it, from behind them came the first sound they'd heard since arriving -- and it didn't sound friendly.

"Is that dogs?" Sophie said, both of them stopping and turning around. From behind came the sound of dogs barking and growling -- and from the volume, they sounded big and in large numbers.

"Yeah," Kara said. She pointed back to the rise she'd just spotted. "Let's get up there, quick as we can, just in case."

The pair of them trotted forward, looking over their shoulders as they did. A mass of dogs -- maybe twenty or so -- came into view between the trees, being driven on by three or four hulking creatures who were swathed in rags and furs. One of them spotted the women and shouted something unintelligible, the dogs' barking increasing.

"Run!" Kara yelled, both of them rushing forward, up the snow covered ridge that was steeper than it first looked.

As they reached the top, they turned and drew their swords, the dogs not pausing, charging up the rough terrain, snow and dirt kicked up by their huge paws.

Sophie braced herself, sword in both hands as a large dog jumped up and hit her in the chest, knocking her to the ground before she could even swing her sword. Kara barely had time to call her name before another hound barged into her.

Her footing slipped and she fell backwards, the ground beneath her which formed the edge of the ridge, breaking away and sending Kara and the dog tumbling over and over, into the deep valley that had lain hidden behind the rise.

† † † † †

Kara groaned as she woke up, her eyes opening slowly as the light from a nearby fire brought her back to consciousness. Laid on her side, she rolled over on to her back, the movement making her realise she was covered with a large fur throw. The fur covered her head to toe and felt silky smooth against her bare skin.

Her bare skin. Kara could feel the fur against every part of her body, from her firm thighs and calves, across her taut stomach, beneath her rounded ass and smooth back, down her arms and laying over her huge, firm tits.

She was completely naked under the fur.

"Where am I?" she asked groggily.

"You are in my home," a deep, rumbling voice answered her, not unkindly.

She looked over in the direction of the fire where a dark, hulking figure sat on the other side of it. His skin was covered in fine fur, jet black, which shone in the firelight, his huge muscles clearly defined by the dancing flames. His shoulders were massive, his arms huge slabs of meat, his chest broad and deep. He sat cross-legged so Kara could only just make out his thighs but they seemed equally massive.

Her eyes went wide as she saw that atop his thick neck was the long head of a horse. Large ears flickered back and fore on top of his head and a thick mane of black hair fell over his shoulders. At the end of his long nose, a wide mouth smiled at her revealing large, square teeth. His eyes were centre in his face rather than at the side like a true horse, but otherwise the creature she was looking at had the head of a horse.

"Are you -- are you a centaur?" she asked.

"I am," he replied. "I assume you were expecting a Northern centaur?" Kara's puzzled expression allowed him to continue. "Northern centaurs have the body of a horse but the head of a man. I am a Southern centaur."

"Oh," Kara said. She sat up a little, freeing one arm to hold the fur rug over her breasts. "How did I get here?"

"I found you in the ravine," he said. "You were unconscious so I brought you here to recover."

"My friend!" Kara suddenly blurted. "Sophie! Did you see her?"

The centaur shook his head sadly. "Only you, I'm afraid. There was a Rantan hound beside you, killed by the fall, so I assume your friend has been captured by the Krantils who use the hounds to hunt for slaves."

"Then she's alive?"

"Almost certainly," the centaur said. "The Krantils have no use for dead slaves. She will be taken to the camp the Krantils have just a few miles away."

"Then we have to rescue her," Kara said, sitting up fully, the fur rug slipping off her slightly, exposing the firm swells of her tits even as she kept her arm across them, the silky material difficult to keep a hold of. The centaur's big, dark eyes locked on to the creamy mounds and he grinned at her.

"We can head to the camp and try and find her in the morning," he said. "You should eat first." He reached down beside himself and brought out a bowl full of some type of stew that smelled fantastic, a spoon placed in it.

Kara reached for it with her free hand and drew her knees up, balancing the bowl on them so that she could eat without letting go of the rug around her. The fur was too smooth for the bowl and it wasn't long at all before she had to grab for it to stop it spilling, which meant the rug fell to her waist, her huge, round tits exposed.

Kara looked at the centaur to find him smiling gently at her.

"Do not be embarrassed," he said. "I had to undress you to dry your clothes." He pointed over to the side where her clothes were hung out on a wooden frame, drying. Kara noticed they were in what appeared to be a basic, if well made, wooden hut comprising of just this room, the fire in the centre, a single door behind her, and a window through which she could just make out the moonlit trees.

"Thank you," she said, returning to her stew without bothering to cover her semi-nakedness. "And thank you for this," she said, indicating the stew. "It's very good. I'm Kara, by the way."

"I am Chaurion," the centaur said, bowing his head slightly. "It is very nice to meet you, Kara."

They sat in silence as Kara ate the stew quickly, finally handing the bowl and spoon back to him. She couldn't help notice him looking at her tits, his gaze returning to the full, round orbs time and again. While she was concerned over the fate of Sophie, she knew there was nothing she could do right now -- so she might as well have some fun.

Kara leaned back on her hands, the fur rug pooling around her waist, leaving her big mounds completely uncovered, the firm globes falling slightly to either side on her chest. She smiled at the centaur as he stared at them, his long, thick, pink tongue slipping out and licking his lips, saliva dribbling over his chin.

"Do you like them?" Kara asked, nodding down to her tits.

"Very much," Chaurion said, never taking his eyes off her.

"Have you had many women?"

"Oh yes," Chaurion said, grinning. "The Krantils force me to act as a doctor for them. Many of the women in the camp find a reason to need a visit from the doctor."

"And do you make them feel better?" Kara asked, reaching up with one hand and cupping one of her tits, pinching her nipple. "Would you like to make me feel better?"

Chaurion grinned, drool running from his lips. "I was hoping you would be in need of some treatment," he chuckled.

Kara's eyes widened as the centaur stood, just over seven feet tall. Beneath his broad chest and flat stomach, the only item of clothing he wore was a simple loincloth which now was pushed aside by the simply enormous cock that jutted from his crotch. His jet black fur covered perhaps the first inch or so of the shaft, leaving many, many more inches bare, the dark skinned tube of meat ending in a bulbous, rounded knob. Beneath his cock, two huge balls hung in a black-furred sac.

"Oh my God," Kara said.

"Do not worry," Chaurion said as he walked over, dropping to his knees beside her. "I have learned my size can be intimidating. I will be as gentle as you need."

Kara looked up at him, his large smile and kind eyes putting her at ease as she looked back at the enormous cock that pointed at her. She reached out and took hold of it, her fingers not meeting around its girth, feeling it pulse steadily in her hand.

"Jesus, that's big," she breathed. Thick spit dribbled down from his mouth and on to his cock, allowing her hand to slide up and down its length more easily. Jacking on the big length, she leaned forward, opened her mouth wide, and sucked in the big head and the first couple of inches.

"Aaahhhh yes," Chaurion said. "I like that -- hmmmmm."

Kara bobbed her head back and forth, loving the taste of his meaty cock. She sat up and used both hands to stroke his prick, occasionally letting his dick slip from her mouth so she could catch her breath, licking the knob as she did.

"Mmmmm -- we have to rescue Sophie," she said, slipping out from the rug completely and kneeling up. "She is going to love you."

Kara took hold of her tits and wrapped them around Chaurion's thick shaft, the centaur reaching down and helping her sandwich his cock between her big tits. He rocked his hips, sending his shaft sliding up and down between her mounds, the rest of his cock rubbing up against her cheek. Kara turned her head and licked as much of his dick as she could as he tit-fucked her.

"If she is -- anything like you -- I will enjoy meeting her, also," Chaurion gasped. He reached down and cupped her big tits, each one filling his large hands as he tit-fucked her, allowing her to grasp his shaft.

"You like fucking my big tits?" Kara asked him.

"I do indeed," he said, deliberately drooling more spit into her cleavage, lubing her tits so he could slide his cock between her massive mounds. "Does your friend have -- aaahhhhh -- such perfect tits?"

"She sure does," Kara said with a smile, licking at his knob as it slid up and down beside her cheek. "Mmmmm -- and she'll let you fuck them, too."

"Then we should definitely free her," Chaurion said with a laugh. After a few more thrusts, he pulled back and let Kara suck on his big, bulging knob, watching as the busty redhead devoured as much of his dick as she could manage.

Eventually she let it go and looked up at him.

"Fuck me, Chaurion," she said. "I have got to get this big fucking cock inside me."

Kara pulled the rug over and laid back on it, spreading her legs as wide as she could, her shaved, hairless pussy gleaming with her juices. Chaurion drooled again, sending a thick line of clear spit down on to Kara's twat, adding to the lubrication. He pushed his cock down, rubbing the rounded knob against her lips, watching them part as he eased forward, the head of his cock slipping inside her.

"Oooooh ffuuuuuuuck!" Kara moaned as she felt her pussy spread wide to accommodate his girth. With the head inside her, Chaurion planted both hands on the floor either side of her and bent his long head down, licking at her nipples with his big, rough tongue as he began moving his hips, inching his cock into her. "Oh my fucking God!" Kara cried as she felt his huge cock ease inside her.

More and more of his prick eased inside her until she felt sure he would end up hitting the entrance to her womb -- but it just kept going!

"Fuck! How -- uuuhnnnn -- how are you --?" she asked, trying to understand how the massive cock he had was now almost entirely inside her. She could feel every inch inside her pussy, yet there was no way that was possible.

"It is an ability my people have," Chaurion said, looking at her as he licked her nipples, leaving a trail of spit from one to the other. He began rocking his hips, sliding his cock out then back in. "We can fill you up without causing you any harm."

"Oh my God -- uuuhhhhnnn -- oh my fucking God!" Kara cried as Chaurion started moving faster and -- though he shouldn't have been able to -- even deeper, cramming his huge cock into her cunt until, with a groan, he was -- incredibly, impossibly -- balls deep inside her. "Oh fuck! Fuck me! Aaahhhhh -- fuck me!" Kara yelled as Chaurion moved.
