 This is the fourth Kara Lofts story, set in a re-made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like and follows The Five Idols, The Talismans and The Badlands. Like all my stuff, it'll feature big tits, big dicks, anal and more than a little incest if the story allows so if none of that's your thing, go find something else to read.

In The Five Idols, Kara's ex-lover Jennifer Raven collected five idols that, legend said, would bring about the end of the world. She escaped to an extra-dimensional cave which Kara followed her to where she performed a ritual that utterly changed the world we know. Modern technology ceased to work, people disappeared, mythical creatures came into existence, and the land was split into Realms magically sealed off from each other. The few remaining men, including Kara's lover Dex and her father Sir Arthur, aged prematurely while the women, including her friend and Sir Arthur's maid Sophie, became virtual copies of Jennifer's ideal woman with large breasts, slim waist, round asses -- basically Kara. While Kara's experiences in the cave took about an hour or so, when she returned to the real world, she discovered eight years had gone by.

In The Talismans, Kara and Sophie decided to find a way to cure the men of their situation and possibly revert the world to normal. Hearing of a possible cure in another Realm, they bargained with the town's Mayor -- actually a spirit animating the statue of winged hellhound -- for Talismans that would allow them to travel between Realms. Securing a Talisman each, they set off for the next Realm, unaware that the Mayor was acting as an agent for Jennifer Raven.

In The Badlands, Kara and Sophie helped rescue a group of women who were being held captive by a tribe of cyclops and a mercenary called Eve. Helping them was Lex, the runt of the cyclops tribe who was happy to get away from his bullying kind. Kara managed to convince Eve to swap sides -- especially after Eve revealed herself to be a well-endowed dickgirl -- and in return for rescuing the women, Kara and Sophie were told of a wizard, Mordantir, who could help them with their plan to restore the world to normal. Kara struck a deal with the wizard, agreeing to find three items for him in return for a way to find and enter Jennifer Raven's stronghold, as only Jennifer could restore the old world.

† † † † †

"What is the Bridle of Phoenicas?" Kara asked.

Chaurion looked back at her as he pulled the cart that carried her and a selection of furs, herbs and medicine he had prepared. She sat cross legged, her now ragged leather trousers looking worse for wear and, he knew, beneath the fur throw over her shoulders, her jacket and t-shirt were not much better.

"Phoenicas was the king of the centaurs, hundreds of years ago," Chaurion said as they travelled through the murky first, snow falling constantly if gently. His massive arms flexed as he effortlessly pulled the two wheeled cart. "He was bested by a witch who forced him to wear the Bridle and command the centaurs for her. Since then, tradition dictates that whomever holds the Bridle must have the undying loyalty and obedience of every Southern centaur."

"And it's currently held by these Krantil lizards?" Kara asked.

"Yes. Their leader stole it from our rightful king and now holds us all in his power."

"So why not just steal it back?"

"Tradition," Chaurion said. "The Krantil leader was smart enough to forbid us from doing that -- "

"And you have to obey," Kara finished. "What if the Bridle were to be removed entirely? Taken from this Realm?"

"That would not help. The last command would still stand." Chaurion stopped and lowered the cart's handles, allowing Kara to climb out and stand beside his massive seven foot frame. "The Krantils' mine," he said, pointing to a clearing in the trees.

"It's -- it's a lot smaller than I was expecting," Kara said.

In the clearing below was a hole in the ground about ten feet wide with a pulley, frame and rope above it. Three huts stood on the far side with half a dozen women loitering outside, a single lizardman watching over them, armed with a short spear. The women, Kara wasn't surprised to see, were as gorgeous and busty as herself, while the short lizardman was hunched and disfigured, his green/brown scales covered in dirt and twigs. Around them, hauling wooden buckets laden with rocks from the mine shaft to one of the huts, were at least two dozen centaurs. Each of them were as tall as Chaurion and as hugely muscled, and Kara knew that even one of them could easily overpower the lizardman -- but they did nothing but carry rocks.

"I guess the Bridle keeps your friends from rising up?" Kara said.

"It does," Chaurion said. "We must obey. It is tradition."

"It's a tradition that sucks," Kara said.

"I agree, Kara," Chaurion said. "It truly sucks, as you say."

"So these Krantils -- how many of them are there in all? I can only see the one."

"Five in total."

"Five? I thought there'd be hundreds or thousands," Kara said.

Chaurion looked at her, his large lips curling in a friendly smile.

"The Krantils are a family," he said, "not a race of creatures. There is a father and his four sons. The father stole the Bridle and now makes us Southern centaurs mine ore for his sons to sell in a city several days' ride North of here."

"Five," Kara sighed. "If I still had my pistols I could've taken them all out in minutes." She pointed down to the women. "There's six women down there but I don't see Sophie. Do you know where she would be? And are there any more?"

Chaurion nodded, his huge head moving up and down on his massive neck. "There are about fifteen women down there, kept as cooks and cleaners by the lizardmen. Your friend is likely down in the mine, making meals for the centaurs."

"Cooks and cleaners?" Kara asked in surprise. "I kinda expected them to be sex toys for the lizards."

"Oh no," Chaurion said. "The lizardmen in this Realm are not attracted to human women at all." He snorted and laughed as he looked Kara up and down, noting her firm, round butt perfectly outlined by her skin tight trousers. "They truly have no taste."

Kara noticed him looking and smiled. "If I can get that Bridle, we can definitely celebrate together." She turned back to the clearing. "First things first. You head down and set up your healing stall, try and get the Krantil watching the women to move from the huts. I'll go round the other side and see if I can find the Bridle."

"Very well," Chaurion said. He leaned forward and nuzzled his huge head against her. "I wish you luck, Kara."

† † † † †

Kara knelt behind one of the huts and watched as the lizardman walked over to where Chaurion stood as he set up his stall. The six women eagerly headed over to him, greeting him with smiles and laughter, much to the apparent annoyance of the Krantil. Chaurion greeted them all by name and, while Kara couldn't make out everything that was said, it seemed clear that he was flirting with all of them.

With the guard and the women distracted, Kara crept round to the door of the hut and gently opened it. The merest glance inside showed her it was a storage hut full of mine equipment so of no use to her. She sneaked back and around to the second of the three huts, keeping one eye on Chaurion and the guard.

As she opened the next hut's door, she paused as she heard a low growl coming from within. Easing it open slowly, she saw the dogs that had been used to hunt her and Sophie down, asleep in a sprawling pile. One of them growled again in his sleep, before snuffling and turning his head away.

Kara noticed several large chains with collars on the ends hanging just inside the door, and pulled one free. She closed the door and, as quietly as she could, wrapped the chain around the handle, tying it in place to prevent any of the Krantils easily opening it. With that done, she headed to the final hut.

The last hut was the only one to have a window, albeit covered in dirt and streaked with mud. Peering in, Kara saw another Krantil, this one sat at a desk and was writing something in a small journal. Around him various papers and ledgers were stacked, along with clumps of ore being used as paperweights. Hanging from a hook on the wall above him, was a leather contraption, a series of straps connected by metal studs, with a large iron bit at the bottom -- the Bridle of Phoenicas.

Kara pulled her sword free of the scabbard at her hip and, with a final look at the guard who was still occupied by Chaurion, opened the door and stepped inside.

"I told you I was not to be bothered, Halkuun," the lizard said, not even looking up.

Kara quickly stepped over and grabbed him around the neck with one hand, the other holding the sharp edge of her blade against his throat.

"Halkuun's busy right now," she said. "Sorry if I'm interrupting you." The lizard squealed in fright for a second before Kara clamped her hand over his snout. "Nuh-uh, no noise, thank you," she said.

She looked over the table, ignoring the papers and journal, and spotted a metal tube connected to a pipe that ran down the side of the desk and disappeared into a hole in the floor.

"What does that tube do?" she asked, loosening the grip on the lizard's snout.

"Don't hurt me!" the lizardman squeaked.

"Just answer my question," Kara said.

"It -- it allows me to speak to the mine below us," he said.

"Just what I thought," Kara said. "Use it. Bring all your lizards, all the centaurs, and all the women up out of the mine. Have them wait outside in the clearing. And no tricks."

"Why?"

"Just do it," Kara said, taking her sword and prodding him in the back with it.

The lizard leaned forward and spoke into the tube, following Kara's orders. She wasn't too surprised to discover the lizardman was clearly a coward and only able to control Chaurion and his fellow centaurs because of the Bridle.

Once the lizard had finished his message, Kara reached up and took the Bridle from the wall -- she was surprised to feel it pulse and throb in her hand as though it were alive.

"This is now mine, understand?" she said.

"Oh no -- no, don't -- you're going to free them, aren't you?" the lizard whined. "I'm sorry, we were only trying to make a living."

"Off the back of slave labour," Kara snarled. "You deserve everything you're going to get."

She glanced out of the grimy window and watched as the remaining three lizardmen, then nine women -- including Sophie, she was overjoyed to see -- and then finally about a dozen centaurs used the rope and pulley system to come up from the mine and stand in the clearing. When the last of them had come up -- all of them joined by Chaurion, the women and the first disfigured lizardman -- Kara opened the door to the hut and pushed the lizard out with her sword.

The lizard guards shrieked at the sight of their leader being held at sword point, while Sophie yelled out her friend's name in delight. The centaurs who had been in the mine -- each as large and muscular as Chaurion, though covered in dust and dirt -- looked at Kara as she held aloft the Bridle of Phoenicas.

"Centaurs!" she cried. "You must obey the holder of the Bridle, correct?"

They nodded, huffed and neighed, most of them looking at her suspiciously, wondering if they were swapping one master for another.

"You are hereby freed from the control of the Krantils," Kara said. "Take whatever revenge upon them you see fit!"

As the centaurs roared in pleasure, the lizard guards cried out in fear, each of them trying to run. It was the work of seconds for the centaurs to reach out and grab them before they could take more than two steps. The women moved aside as the burly centaurs lifted the lizards up above their heads and turned back to the mine entrance.

"Demikal -- wait!" Chaurion cried out, his own hand clutching the head of the disfigured lizard he had distracted. One of the largest centaurs, with mostly white hair, a streak of red running through his mane, paused and turned to Chaurion. "Do not kill them," he called. "They are simple creatures, following their father," he said, pointing over to the lizard held captive by Kara. "We would be forever tainted if we did so."

The large white centaur snorted and slowly lowered the lizardman he held, the others following him.

"You are as wise as ever, Chaurion," he said. "What then shall we do with them?"

"I said we should not kill them," Chaurion replied. "If the poor creatures they have abused choose to do so, then so be it." He looked at the lizardmen, Kara pushing her prisoner over to them. "You should run," he told them, "for in a moment, I will release the Rantan hounds and if they pick up your scent -- " He left the sentence hanging.

The Krantils shrieked in fear and, as one, ran for the edge of the clearing and the forest beyond. The centaurs laughed as they ran, falling over each other in their eagerness to escape.

Chaurion stepped over to Kara just as Sophie broke free from the women and centaurs and threw herself at her friend, hugging and kissing her.

"I knew you'd come for me," Sophie said.

"Always, my love," Kara said, kissing her. "Though I had some help from Chaurion, here."

"Nice to meet you," Sophie said to the big, black centaur.

"And you," Chaurion said, bowing his head. "Kara has spoken much of you." He turned to Kara. "You now hold the Bridle and thus control me and my herd-mates. What will you do with it?"

"I don't like the idea of you and your friends being slaves to whoever holds this thing," she said, holding it up. "By coincidence, I need it to fulfil a quest I'm on. It's one of three items that can help me. You said the last command stands, even if the Bridle is taken away?"

"Indeed."

"Then how about I free you from your obligation to obey the holder of the Bridle? Allow you to be free and govern yourselves as you see fit?"

Chaurion and Demikal grinned at each other.

"That would be a great relief to us," Demikal said.

"Do you have my rucksack, Chaurion?" Kara asked. The centaur strode across to his cart and pulled Kara's rucksack out. "Once I put this in here, it can't be removed. So are you sure you want me to do this?"

Demikal and Chaurion both nodded, the other centaurs calling their assent.

"Then here is my command as holder of the Bridle -- once I place it in this bag, no centaur is ever to be beholden to the owner of the Bridle. Each of you are to be free to live as you please."

And with that, Kara placed the Bridle into the rucksack and pulled it closed.

Kara smiled at Chaurion who grinned back at both her and Sophie. "Maybe we can find a way to celebrate?" Kara asked.

At that moment, a shimmering circle of blue light appeared on Kara's right, the edge sparkling and spinning while the centre opened and revealed what looked like the entrance to a cave.

"Ah, shit," Kara said looking at it. She turned back to Chaurion. "Looks like that's our ride out of here."

"I don't understand," he said.

"We've found the Bridle," Kara said. "Time to head somewhere else to find the next item."

"Then we don't get to celebrate? All three of us?" he asked, smiling at Sophie.

"I'd love to," Kara said with feeling. "Trust me, Sophie, it would be worth it." She sighed as she looked at the spinning circle of light. "But I think we need to move along."

Chaurion bent his massive horse's head. "Then I hope our paths cross again, Kara Lofts. Farewell to you." He bowed to Sophie. "And to you, Miss Sophie."

Kara and Sophie turned and, hand in hand, stepped into the glowing portal. There was a short burst of light before they stumbled on to hard, wet rock, rain lashing down upon them.

"Shit!" Kara cried, automatically stepping into the cave they'd seen through the portal, if only to get out of the downpour. She looked ahead and found the cave was lit by some sort of phosphorescent lichen growing on the walls -- it wasn't exactly torchlight, but it was enough to see by.

"Looks like we're heading in, then?" Sophie asked from beside her.

"Looks like it," Kara agreed. She paused as Sophie hugged her.

"Thank you for saving me. I knew you would, but it was still scary in there."

"Of course I'd come for you," Kara said. "I love you, you know."

They kissed and held each other for a moment, their huge tits pressing against each other through their now thin, ragged T-shirts. It seemed the longer they roamed this world, the more dilapidated their clothing became.

"It's a shame you didn't get to sample Chaurion," Kara said with a grin. "You would have really liked him."

"Well maybe we'll both get lucky wherever this cave leads to," Sophie said.

Stepping further into the cave, they found themselves at the top of a rough-hewn set of steps that led downward and around the edge of the cave, twisting away out of sight around the rocky walls. The steps were shallow and the gradient small so they had no trouble walking down them despite the rain that ran in from outside. After five or ten minutes, the cave opened out, the roof rising up and opening to the sky above so that they were at the bottom of a cylinder of rock, lit by the now clearing sky above. Before them was a large, still pool, the rain having ceased during their walk, and between it and them was a flat stretch of wet, reddish brown clay. Moored at the side of the pool was a small rowing boat.

"Now what?" Sophie asked.

"Not sure," Kara said. "I can't see any other way out -- should we head to the boat?"

"I guess so," Sophie said, looking out across the clay. "I wonder how deep this is?" she asked, gingerly putting a foot out and sinking in up to her ankle.

"Not too bad, then?" Kara asked, doing the same. The next step she took sent her foot in a few more inches. As she tried to pull her foot back out, she could feel the clay gripping her boot and had to really struggle to get it back. They both returned to the base of the steps.

"We're going to lose our boots if we continue like this," Kara said. She looked around again, confirming there was nothing else around. Their path, it seemed, was across the mud flat and towards the boat.

"Boots off, then?" Sophie said, sitting on the steps and taking her boots off, Kara following suit. They each tied their laces together and slung them around their necks, their footwear resting against their big tits.

Kara stepped out into the mud and, within just a couple of steps, was up to her knees, arms outstretched to keep her balance. Sophie followed, trying to stay on the same path as her friend, the pair of them struggling to make any headway after five or six steps.

"Fuck, this stuff's really getting deeper," Kara said as her next awkward step sank her up to her mid-thigh.

"Should we head baaaaaaaaaaaack!" Sophie yelled, her balance failing her, sending her flat on to her back with a loud SPLAT!, mud flying everywhere. "Ah, shit," she said.

Kara couldn't help herself and started to laugh.

"A little help here?" Sophie called. As Kara reached for her friend, she noticed Sophie's legs had come free of the clay and that she seemed to be floating on the surface rather than sinking in to it.

Rather than pull Sophie up, Kara let herself fall forward, face first into the mud. Sure enough, her legs popped free and she was able to half slide, half swim over to Sophie.

"Hey, look at this," Kara said as she slid next to her, kissing her on the lips as she did. "Looks like we just need to distribute our weight a bit more."

"Yeah, and get covered in mud in the process," Sophie said, kissing her back. She reached up and pulled her down, kissing her deeply, their tongues sliding into each other's mouths. "Mmmm, we should probably get to the boat -- but this clay feels nice and warm -- and it feels like months since I've had you."
