 This is the third Kara Lofts story, set in a re - made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like and follows The Five Idols and The Talismans. Like all my stuff, it'll feature big tits, big dicks and more than a little incest if the story allows so if none of that's your thing, go find something else to read.

† † † † †

As the sun set in the North, the woman who had rescued Kara, Sophie and Lex from the last of the miners directed them towards a walled encampment, built up on one of the small hills that dotted the barren, dry landscape. After introducing herself as Jade, the dark haired beauty had offered little more information. Instead, she'd had them walk before her, her eyes on Lex, her hand never far from the knife strapped to her thigh.

"Wait here," she said as they drew closer to the wall that encircled the camp.

"She doesn't seem very friendly," Kara whispered to Sophie.

"And she obviously doesn't trust Lex, either," Sophie replied.

Lex - their new found guide - looked up at the busty duo with his single, large green eye, a worried look on his face. "I'm sorry if I'm causing you problems, Miss Kara, Miss Sophie," he said. "I don't mean to be trouble."

"That's okay, Lex," Kara said. "We'll make sure we vouch for you."

She couldn't help but grin at the look of admiration and gratitude on Lex's face. From what he'd said earlier, no - one had ever looked out for him before and he simply couldn't believe his luck in falling in with Kara and Sophie.

Jade moved to the wall and, as she approached, a small window opened in it, another woman looking out. Kara nor Sophie could hear what was said, but Jade clearly pointed back at them, shrugging her shoulders when the woman inside asked her something. After a moment, Jade walked back, still glaring at Lex.

"Come on, we can go inside now, but you have to keep him under control," she said.

Kara bristled slightly at the implication that Lex was some sort of animal but held on to her temper. Jade had, after all, helped save their lives.

"Fine," she said, "but he stays with us at all times."

Jade frowned. "Keep him with you while we head to see Savannah," she said. "After that, it's up to her what happens. To him and to you."

"Is Savannah your leader?" Kara asked.

"She is, and she's going to be interested in what you have to say." She looked down at Lex. "And why you're travelling with this one."

They headed to the wall, a door opening in the wooden structure, letting them through. Within it was little more than a collection of huts, each as ramshackle as the one they'd found Lex in - wooden buildings that looked as though they would fall over in a strong wind. In the doorways of the first few, watching them as they walked by, were women like Jade - beautiful yet slightly stern, each possessed of a huge pair of tits, a slim waist and long, shapely legs. They were dressed similarly, too, in bikini tops and leather trousers, though they had none of the makeshift armour that Jade wore.

Each of them stared at the newcomers, nudging each other and pointing at Lex as he walked past, his hooves clopping on the hard packed earth. Noticing their hard stares, he moved closer to Kara, reaching out and holding her hand, whimpering a little before she drew him closer.

Jade led them through the rough street towards the largest of the huts, the door of which opened as they approached. A blonde woman - dressed in the same style as the others though she wore a leather skirt that was split up to the top of her thighs rather than trousers - stood smiling at them.

"Welcome to our home," she said, stepping back and indicating the open doorway. "Please, come in."

Kara and Sophie hesitated for a moment before stepping into the hut, Lex between them, Jade following behind.

"Take a seat," the blonde said, indicating the large but tattered sofa that sat against one wall. As Kara and Sophie sat on it, Lex climbing up between them, their hostess sat on the equally tattered chair opposite them, Jade standing at her side.

"You're Savannah, I take it?" Kara asked.

"I am," the blonde said, "and please know that we mean you no harm." She looked directly at Lex. "Although I have to admit to some curiosity about your friend here." She turned to Jade. "Would you get us all some drinks, please?"

"All of us?" Jade asked pointedly.

"Yes - all of us."

Obviously not happy about it, Jade headed off to a side room and returned a minute or two later with mismatched cups and a glass, each full of water, and handed them out, including one for Lex. While she did that, Kara and Sophie introduced themselves and Lex.

"So, why don't you tell me about yourselves and how you came to be here?" Savannah said.

Kara thought for a moment before telling their hostess of their self - appointed quest to find a way to either return the world to the state it was in before Jennifer Raven and her demonic partners had transformed it or, if that was not possible, to find a way to cure the remaining men of the world of their premature ageing and loss of vigour. She talked about bargaining with the Mayor of her home town to gain Talismans for both her and Sophie that would allow them to travel between one Realm and the next.

"That's quite an ambitious plan you have," Savannah said. "Where does your blue skinned friend come into it?" she asked, pointing at Lex.

Kara told her about finding him in the water hut earlier that afternoon and - missing out the part about letting him tit - fuck her and cum all over her and Sophie's faces - explained how, as the runt of his clan, he was desperate to escape them.

"Is that true?" Savannah asked Lex directly.

"Yes, Miss," he said quietly. "Miss Kara and Miss Sophie asked me to go with them, help guide them around the land."

"And that's all? You haven't come to spy on us?"

Lex shook his head. "I don't mean no offence, Miss, but I don't know who you are or why I should spy on you. The others, the miners, they never tell me anything except boasting about - well - " he blushed a little, his blue skin going darker. "Well, about the sex they have with the ladies at the Carver Town brothel."

"And you've never been there?" Savannah asked him.

"No, Miss," he said. "The others wouldn't let me go. Miss Kara and Miss Sophie were the first ladies I'd ever seen."

Savannah looked up at Jade who shrugged. "I've definitely never seen one this small," Jade said. "And the big bastards I saw chasing them were definitely not his friends."

Lex smiled up at her and she surprised Kara and Sophie by smiling back gently.

"You'll have to forgive our suspicion," Savannah said. "Each of us girls here escaped from the Carver Town brothel two weeks ago. The miners - little Lex's former clan mates - became a little rougher than we were happy with. When two of the girls were killed in one night, we decided enough was enough and got out while we could. We found this old settlement and have raided the mines when we can, but what we really want to do is rescue the remaining girls in the brothel."

"How many are left?" Kara asked.

"Five," Savannah said, "including my daughter, Jewel." She looked over at Kara and Sophie. "I know of someone who might be able to help with your quest. There's a - well, he calls himself a wizard as ridiculous as that sounds - who lives not far from here. If anyone's going to know about restoring the world or curing any men, it'll be Mordantir."

"So can you tell us where to find this Mordantir?" Sophie asked.

"I can," Savannah said, pausing after the words.

"But you won't, will you?" Kara asked. "At least not unless we help rescue your daughter and the other girls from the brothel?"

Savannah nodded. "That seems fair," she said. "You help get my girls back and we'll help you on your way. We've been planning a raid for the last few days but all we have are bows and arrows - with your pistols added to the mix, we should be able to rescue them."

"Are there many guards?" Kara asked.

"Since we escaped, the miners have left a group behind of about a dozen of them. We can't deal with that many - there's only six of us in total, here. You and your guns can even those numbers considerably."

Kara and Sophie looked at each other, clearly thinking about Savannah's offer. With an almost perceptible nod from Sophie, Kara turned back to the leader of the rag tag band.

"Okay," she said. "We'll do it. But first we need some food and a good night's sleep."

"Not a problem," Savannah said with a smile. "Jade will show you to the spare hut next to the water tower. You can sleep there tonight and tomorrow we can go over our plan to rescue our girls." She turned to Lex. "We can find you somewhere to sleep, too." 

"No need," Kara said. "He'll sleep with us."

Savannah and Jade swapped a confused glance before shrugging their shoulders.

"Whatever works for you," Jade said.

† † † † †

"Mmmm, God, that was good," Sophie said, leaning back in her chair and pushing her now empty plate across the table.

She and Kara - along with Lex - sat at a rough wooden table, finishing their simple yet tasty meal. For the two women, it was the first fresh food they'd had since leaving their home Realm, having existed for the last few days on what they'd packed and brought with them. The fresh meat salad had been a welcome change from the dried fruit and meat they'd been getting used to.

For Lex it had been a feast the likes of which he had never seen let alone enjoyed. He'd hesitated at first when the food had been placed before him but, at the insistence of Kara and Sophie, he'd been convinced to try some. Seconds later, the two women had laughed as their blue skinned companion tried to eat as much of the food as he could, as quickly as he could.

"Thank you, thank you so much," he said as he licked the plate clean, desperate not to miss a single piece. "I've never eaten such nice food."

"What did you eat before?" Kara asked, finishing her own plate off.

"The others, the miners, would only throw me scraps. Just grain and oats, mostly, never any of the meat," Lex said sadly.

"Well we can't say you'll always eat like this, Lex," Kara said, "but we'll always share what we've got with you."

"And talking of sharing," Sophie said, moving around to his chair and pulling it and him away from the table, "I think it's time we had another look at what you've got to share with us."

Kara joined her, the two busty women kneeling beside his chair, gently pulling his legs apart, frowning at the fur covered but completely empty crotch before them.

"Don't tell me we dreamed that big cock of yours?" Kara asked.

"Oh no, Miss Kara," Lex said with a shy smile. He reached down and parted the white fur, revealing a small flap of blue skin that he lifted, the small nub of his dick and his ball sack beneath. As Kara and Sophie watched, both his dick and balls started to swell and grow a little.

"Wow," Sophie said. "I can't believe it changes into that huge cock you had."

Lex grinned a little. "I think it got so big because - because I watched you kissing," he said, blushing slightly.

"Oh so you liked watching me and Miss Sophie make out, did you?" Kara asked. She leaned over him, Sophie doing the same, the pair of them kissing over his crotch, their huge tits pressing against his thighs from both sides. They locked lips, tongues slipping into each other's mouths, swapping spit from one to another.

"God, I love you, Kara," Sophie murmured.

"Mmmm, and I you," Kara said. "I'm so glad you're here with me."

"I'll always be with you," Sophie said.

Kara was about to reply when they were interrupted by something bumping against their cheeks. They looked round and smiled as they saw Lex's huge horse cock standing big, blue and proud from his white furred crotch, his large, round balls at the base.

"That is one hell of a transformation," Kara said.

Together, she and Sophie stuck their tongues out and started licking and lapping at the bulbous knob, kissing each other around it, slipping the head from Kara's mouth to Sophie's and back. Lex groaned in pleasure, watching intently as they took turns sucking on his cock, still unable to believe his luck.

His prick lurched a little, a thick line of white pre - cum slipping from the big, flared knob, Kara eagerly slurping it up before kissing Sophie, sharing it with her.

"Mmmm, that tastes so good," Kara sighed, lapping up the next pulse of pre - cum that dribbled from his cock head.

"Do you - do you really like it, Miss Kara?" Lex asked nervously.

"I love it," Kara said. "I just hope it's not fattening because I plan to eat as much of this as I can."

"Save some for me," Sophie said, sucking on both his knob and Kara's lips to get a share of his thick load.

"There's plenty to go round," Kara said, letting her friend take Lex's huge cock as far into her mouth as she could. Kara grabbed the hem of her tight black tank top and pulled it over her head, her huge tits springing free, making Lex's single big eye widen. She moved closer, cupping her big mounds, holding them up to him.

"Suck my titties, Lex," she said.

With Sophie still gobbling his big dick - coughing and spitting down its length as she tried to take it all - Lex leaned over and did as Kara asked. He gently cupped her tits, his small hands nowhere near big enough to hold them, and started kissing and sucking at her mounds. When his mouth found one of her nipples, she moaned and, taking the hint, he concentrated on the small, hard piece of flesh.

"Gahh! Aaacckkkkllll! Mmmmpplglgfff!" Sophie gagged as she forced herself to take more of Lex's enormous cock past the back of her throat and down her gullet. She reared back and spat a thick wad of spit over his big dick which stood upright, quivering. She too peeled her tank top off and moved between his legs, wrapping her huge tits around his thick length, sliding them up and down his shaft.

Lex let Kara's tit fall from his mouth as he groaned, looking down at Sophie as she tit - fucked him.

"Oh my - oh by the moons of Ptath! Oh that's so good," he cried.

"You liked tit - fucking me back at the hut, didn't you?" Kara asked as she stood and peeled off her leather trousers. "You remember what we said you'd also like?"

"You mean - I can -?" he asked, wide eyed as he stared at the now naked woman before him, her shaved, hairless pussy in front of him.

"If Sophie can let that big dick of yours go," Kara said, smiling as Sophie lifted her head, holding Lex's cock upright for her. Kara swung her leg over them, straddling Lex and the chair, putting her hands on the back of the chair, either side of his head. She slowly lowered herself down, sighing as Sophie aimed his cock at her pussy lips, feeding the big head between the slippery folds of her twat.

"Oh - oh my - by all the gods - ohhhhhhhh!" Lex sighed as Kara eased her pussy down his cock. "That - that feels so - so good!" he groaned. Kara felt him tense, his dick swelling.

"Slow down, Lex," she said, stopping with just the first couple of inches of his cock inside her. "I know it's your first time, but relax for a second - get your breath back - control yourself," she said kindly.

Lex stared up at her, a look of adoration on his face and felt the build up of excitement pass.

"Thank you - thank you, Miss Kara," the 312 year old virgin said. "Please don't stop - I - I won't cum straight away."

Slowly, Kara lowered herself down again, Sophie's hand still clutching the thick root of his prick, watching as Kara's pussy was spread wide by the big log of fuck meat.

"Aaahhhhh fuck - fuck yes - bloody hell that's big," Kara sighed as she eased up and down on the first few inches, taking a little more each time she slipped down his shaft. Bit by bit, her hot, wet pussy swallowed his cock until Sophie was forced to move her hand out of the way, letting Kara sit down on Lex's white furred crotch. "God - fuck that's good," Kara groaned, rolling her ass around on his prick.

Lex reached out and took hold of her huge tits, eagerly sucking once more on her small, hard nipples. He jumped as he felt something slide next to his cock - not touching it, but definitely laying next to it.

"Ooooohhhh, yes - ahhhhh," Kara sighed, looking down at him. "Miss Sophie's being dirty," she said, starting to rock herself up and down his cock. "She's put a finger up my - oh! Oh - two fingers up my arse!"

"Do you - do you like that?" Lex asked.

"I love it," she whispered, moving faster, up and down on Lex's cock, Sophie's fingers working in her asshole. "I love getting fucked up the arse."

Lex's single eye went wide. "Can I - will you let me -?"

"Uh - huh," Kara nodded. "And so - uummmmm - so will Sophie." She rode him and Sophie's fingers faster, slamming her cunt down on to his cock, feeling her pussy muscles tighten as her orgasm built. "Aahhhhh - fuck! Cumming!" she cried, her pussy clenching at Lex's big cock.

"Oh - oh - can't stop - Miss Kara!" Lex babbled as he felt his own cum rising fast. He tried to control it again as he had before but finally fucking a woman - especially one as gorgeous and busty as Kara, not to mention the promise of fucking Sophie as well, and the thrill of assfucking them both - was too much for him.

As Kara cried out, Lex thrust up as deep as he could, his cock pulsing as he unleashed a torrent of jizz into her cunt. Load after load spurted inside her, Kara's pussy spasming in delight as each full deposit intensified her own cum. Such was the size of his loads, it took just a couple of spurts before Kara's pussy was full, the thick jism filling her up almost to the point of discomfort.

Sophie used both hands to push her friend up and off Lex's cock, shoving her face between them, clamping her lips over his still lurching prick, swallowing the next couple of shots of thick, white cream. Needing to breathe, she backed off, opening her mouth and closing her eyes as Lex continued to shoot ropes of spunk over her face while above her, his cum streamed from Kara's pussy, dropping on to her face.

"Mmmmm, yes - mmmmm - so tasty," she murmured, sucking and licking at the thick jizz that fell into her mouth.

Kara reached around behind herself and pushed a couple of fingers into her flooded twat, scooping out some of Lex's cum and sucking it off them, drinking his cum down as he watched.

"You have the tastiest cum I've ever had," she said smiling at him. She swung one leg over Lex and Sophie before kneeling down next to her friend and pulling Lex's now half - hard and spent cock from her mouth, sucking at it for a moment. She then leaned over and began running her tongue over Sophie's face, lapping up the thick layer of jizz that Lex had left over her features. When Sophie moaned, Kara sucked up some cum and kissed her friend, swapping the heavy load with her, letting her taste it before going back to cleaning up her face.

"Fuck," Kara sighed happily as she moved back, sitting down on the floor. "I'm really glad we found you, Lex."

"Mmmm, and I can't wait till it's my turn to have that dick inside me," Sophie said, standing up, scraping the last of his cum off her chin and licking her fingers clean.

"Oh Miss Kara, Miss Sophie," Lex managed to gasp, his single eye half closed. "I never thought - never did I think - by all the gods - that was so good."

"Worth waiting 312 years for?" Kara asked.

"Oh yes," he said happily. "But I hope I don't need to wait another 312 years for that to happen again?"

"Not a chance of that," Sophie said. "I want you rested and ready first thing in the morning. Then it's my turn," she said with a smile.

"Think you can handle both of us in the morning?" Kara asked.

Lex grinned. "I'll try, Miss Kara, Miss Sophie - I'll try."

† † † † †

Jade walked back into Savannah's hut and sat on the sofa with her, leaning into the blonde as she put her arm around her and casually cupped one of the dark haired woman's big tits.
