 This is the third Kara Lofts story, set in a re-made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like and follows The Five Idols and The Talismans. Like all my stuff, it'll feature big tits, big dicks and more than a little incest if the story allows (and this one's got a dickgirl, too!) so if none of that's your thing, go find something else to read.

† † † † †

Kara and Sophie walked out of the encampment with Jade and her four comrades, leaving Savannah and Lex at the base to await their return. Sophie had joked before they left that they looked like something from a pornographic version of "Mad Max" - - Jade and her girls wore black leather trousers, bikini tops that barely covered their huge tits and cut-away jackets with pieces of plastic and leather attached to their outfits as makeshift armour. Next to them, Kara had admitted, she and Sophie - - in their own black leather trousers and jackets - - seemed to fit right in.

The walk to Carver Town was long but eventually they found themselves on a small rise looking down on the ramshackle collection of huts that called itself a town. It was made up of a single dirt-covered street flanked on either side by mostly small, single storey wooden buildings - - only one of them had an upper floor.

Despite - - or perhaps because of - - the heat of the afternoon sun, the place looked deserted.

"That's the brothel," Jade said, pointing out the two-storey building. "That's where they'll be holding the girls."

"Where is everyone?" Kara asked.

"The miners come to town in the evening," Jade explained. "Other than the girls, the only other people in town are two old men, one of whom serves behind the bar at the brothel, the other one acts as a sort of janitor and handyman, keeping the place from falling apart."

"Will they be of any help to us? Will they get in the way?" Sophie asked.

Jade shrugged. "They'll likely do nothing at all. It's part of the curse of this fucked up world - - all the remaining men are old and have no will to do anything, whether that's fucking or fighting."

"Sadly I know all too well what you mean," Kara said.

Jade looked at her. "You sound like you've lost someone to this curse."

"My lover, Dex," Kara said. "He and my father are just pale shells of what they were. That's why I'm trying to find a cure for them or a way to return this world to what it used to be."

"Hopefully Mordantir will be able to help with one of those," Jade said.

"What's he like, this wizard?" Kara asked.

"Unlike anything I've seen in this world, even after it changed," Jade said. "But he helped Savannah when she needed it."

"And does he help people for free?" Sophie asked. "Or is there a price?"

Jade smiled. "Nothing's free in this world, you should know that by now."

They went over their plan once more, Jade pointing out landmarks in the small town that they should head for or which were reference points. When they were all ready, Jade led them down the small slope to the back of the row of buildings that contained the brothel. The wooden house had a rear yard bordered by a small fence that they waited behind. The yard itself was filled with garbage - - pieces of wood and metal, broken glass, an old wheelbarrow that had been broken apart and left to rot. Beyond that was a single door into the building with windows on both the first and second floors.

As far as any of them could see, there was no-one in the brothel, neither guards nor girls.

"What now?" Kara asked. "Doesn't look like anyone's home."

Jade shrugged. "We need to get in and make sure," she said. "If the girls are there, we rescue them, if not - - " She left the rest of the sentence hanging.

"Okay," Kara said. "Let's get in there, then." She withdrew her pistols from their holsters and slowly stood, swinging first one leg then the other over the small fence, hurrying as quietly as she could towards the rear door of the brothel.

She glanced through the window next to the door and, when she saw it was clear, waved the other girls over. Jade went next, then Sophie and the rest of the girls until all seven of them were huddled to one side of the door or the other. At a nod from Jade, Kara slowly tried the door, quietly opening it before she stepped in to the deserted kitchen, beckoning the others to follow her.

They moved from room to room along the first floor, finding them all - - kitchen, reception, hallway and office - - devoid of any life. Back in the hall, Kara indicated upwards, Jade nodding and following with the rest of them as the busty adventurer made her way as silently as she could up the wooden stairs.

The first floor landing was as empty as everywhere else, leaving Kara and the others no choice but to move from one bedroom to the next, becoming more and more worried as they found them all empty. Finally, they were down to the last room at the end of the corridor.

"I don't understand," Jade whispered. "We've been watching the place for days and it's always been full of the girls and the guards."

"Feels like a trap to me," Kara whispered back. She slowly reached for the handle of the last door and turned it, opening it into the room.

Sitting on the large bed - - the only furniture in the room - - obviously waiting for them, was a gorgeous blonde. She wore a long silver dress that was split from hem to waist, revealing one of her smooth legs crossed over the other. The neckline plunged down almost to her navel but the sides were held in place by fine criss-crossed threads that dug into the full, creamy slopes of her huge tits that would have exploded the sides of the dress apart had it not been for the threads.

The woman stood and smiled at Kara and the others as they walked slowly into the room, Kara with her pistols drawn and held in front of her. 

"Welcome," the woman said. "I'm so glad you could join us." 

"Who are you?" Jade asked. "And where are the other girls?" 

"The girls are quite safe, I assure you," she said, smiling at them all. "And my name is Eve." 

Kara looked around the small room which was empty apart from the bed and the woman. "Where are the guards?" she asked . 

"You mean those big blue brutes? Oh, I moved them when I moved the girls," Eve said. "I thought you'd be much less likely to pay a visit if they were still around." 

Kara and Jade swapped a look. "So you're in charge here?" Jade asked. 

Eve ran her hands down her side, accentuating her trim waist and her flared hips, at the same time subtly pushing her big tits forward. 

"I am indeed in charge," she said with a beautiful smile. "And if you ever want to see your fellow whores again, you'll put down your weapons and surrender to me now." 

From behind the girls, out in the corridor, came the deep rumbling growl of something large and fierce. They automatically turned, starting as they saw three enormous beasts that looked like a cross between a dog and a bear, each one six foot at the shoulder, rippling with muscles and covered in a mixture of green scales and yellow fur. Flames rose from their eyes and what looked to be lava drooled from their jaws to fall steaming on the floor. 

As Kara and the others turned back to Eve, their eyes widened in surprise as they saw three more of the same beasts stood before them, one either side and one on the bed, its head brushing the ceiling. 

Eve smiled at the women. 

"Your weapons and your surrender, please." 

† † † † †

"I'm guessing this wasn't part of the plan," Sophie said with a wry look on her face. 

"I think you're right," Kara said. As her friend sat on the small cot bed set against the wall, Kara paced from the door to the window and back. Eve had transferred all of them to the building next door to the brothel, a simple wooden structure with a handful of rooms that she split them up into. Outside the door of each room sat one of her huge hound-beasts, its heavy breathing audible even within the room. 

Kara sighed as she looked out the window, pushing her scarlet, dyed hair out of her eyes. More of the hounds sat outside, each of them staring without blinking at the building. 

"Not sure how we're going to get out of this one," Kara said. 

The door opened, a young woman - - not one of the girls they'd arrived with - - standing on the threshold. 

"Mistress Eve would like to see you," she said to Kara. 

"What about Sophie?" 

"Just you," she said. 

"Go on," Sophie said in response to Kara's worried look. "I'll be fine." 

Kara leaned down and kissed her lovingly before following the woman out into the corridor then, to Kara's surprise, out into the street. 

"Are you one of the girls from the brothel?" Kara asked as they walked down the street, watched and followed by two of the huge beasts. 

"Yes," the girl said. "I'm Jewel, Jade's sister." 

"Nice to meet you," Kara said, noting the family resemblance in her face and figure - - although these days just about every woman had the same fantastic body and good looks. "Are you and the other girls nearby?" 

Jewel nodded towards one of the other huts. "We're all in there," she said. "We were hoping mom would arrange to rescue us." 

"Mom?" 

"Savannah," Jewel said. 

"Wow," Kara said, impressed. "She doesn't look anywhere near old enough to have grown up daughters." 

"She struck a deal with a wizard. She didn't want to leave us in this world so asked to be made as young as us so she could look after us." They approached one of the other buildings that had another of the hounds sat outside it. "Problem was that left her at her new age forever. We don't think she'll ever get old." 

Jewel stopped outside the hut and beckoned Kara forward. The hound moved to one side, growling as it did, and Kara opened the door and walked in. 

Eve stood in the large room which differed from the others Kara had seen due to its furnishings - - there were two comfortable looking sofas, several plush chairs and a small table on which sat a tray with glasses and a bottle of wine. 

"Please, come in, take a seat," she said. "Feel free to take your jacket off." 

Kara looked at her suspiciously for a moment, feeling naked without her pistols which, she noticed, were on a shelf off to one side, before moving to one of the sofas. She took off her jacket, her skin tight black vest top clinging to her big, round jugs and displaying a deep, inviting cleavage. Slowly, she tossed it aside and sat down. As she sat, Eve made a point of sitting next to her, reaching for the wine and pouring them each a glass. 

"Now then, I do hope we can be friends this evening," Eve said, handing one of the glasses to Kara. 

"Holding us prisoner is hardly the way to instil friendship," Kara said. 

"I know, I know," Eve said with a sad sigh. She crossed her legs, the split in her dress sending the silky material to either side, revealing one of her completely bare legs. She leaned towards Kara, her huge tits straining against the cords that criss crossed down the front of her dress. "But all the same, it's just you, me and a bottle of wine right now so I thought we might try and - - get along for a while." 

"What are you doing here, Eve?" Kara asked, taking a gulp of wine. "None of the other girls know who you are, they've never seen you before. Why are you working with the miners?" 

Eve shrugged, sipping at her wine, licking at her lips, smiling as she noticed Kara watching her. 

"We all have our reasons for what we do, Kara," she said. "This is just another in a long line of assignments for me. Once I finish here tomorrow, I'll move on to something else in a different town, maybe a different Realm." 

"You can move between Realms?" 

"Oh yes. And don't think I haven't noticed you and that lovely little blonde friend of yours wearing these Talismans," she said, reaching out to the small rune stone that Kara wore around her neck on a leather cord. She stroked its surface briefly before her fingers moved down, brushing the swelling tops of Kara's huge tits, one finger dipping into her cleavage. 

Kara gasped a little, watching Eve as she tilted her head closer. 

"My word, you have a wonderful pair of tits," she said quietly. 

"You're not so bad yourself," Kara said, biting her lip as Eve slid her finger deep into her cleavage. She drank some wine and was surprised to find herself feeling more than a little light-headed before she realised it had been some time since she'd had any alcohol which, combined with the lack of food and the heat of the day, left her susceptible to the drink. 

"I do like a girl with a big pair of tits," Eve said quietly, moving her hand down, cupping one of Kara's heavy orbs. 

"Just as well round here," Kara said. "Every girl in this fucked up world has got a pair as big as mine." 

"Mmmmm," Eve said, moving a little closer. "But some have a little something extra, too." 

"What - - what are you talking about?" Kara said, feeling drunker than she had any right to. 

Eve smiled and put down her glass before sitting back, her hand on her bare thigh. "Would you like to see?" she asked her. Kara paused for a little while before nodding. Eve reached for her dress and bunched it up near the top of the split before pulling it to one side, making Kara gasp. 

A long, thick and rapidly hardening cock - - easily as big as Lex's - - lay along her thigh. As she watched it twitched and pulsed, the head turning to face her as it grew bigger and harder until it stood proudly from Eve's crotch, the bulbous knob bobbing in front of its owner's huge tits. 

"On my god," Kara breathed. 

"Do you like it?" Eve asked, taking hold of her cock by the root and stroking it gently. Kara nodded. "Untie my dress in the front," Eve said. Kara did as she asked, reaching past the huge cock and pulling at the knots that held the criss crossed laces in place. Without being told, she pushed aside the two halves of her dress, Eve's enormous jugs spilling free. With a moan, Eve wrapped her own tits around the thick length of cock flesh and slowly moved them up and down, tit-fucking herself. 

"Oh my god," Kara said again as she watched the rosy knob appear and disappear between Eve's huge mounds. 

"I think I could - - use some lubrication," Eve said, nodding down at her cock and tits.

Kara paused for barely a second before leaning over and sucking on Eve's bulging cock head, moaning in pleasure as it throbbed and spat out a wad of pre-cum. She swirled it round in her mouth, adding her own spit, before letting the mixture fall into Eve's cleavage, lubing the passage of her giant cock.

"Ooooh, that feels good," Eve sighed. Kara lifted her head and kissed her deeply, taking hold of the root of her cock, stroking it as they made out. She moved her hand down expecting to find a big pair of balls to go with it but instead slid two fingers into a very wet, very real pussy.

"Fuck," Kara sighed, fingering her. "You've got a cock and a pussy?"

"Mmmmm, best of both worlds, baby," Eve said kissing her. "Now get rid of that tank top. I wanna fuck your tits, too."

Kara quickly leaned back and pulled off her top, Eve instantly grabbing hold of her perfect mounds, feeling her nipples harden beneath her fingers. Kara sat back on the sofa allowing Eve to straddle her, her enormous cock slapping into the valley of her tits, Kara quickly pushing her jugs around it. Slippery with spit and pre-cum, Eve's cock slid easily between the big, pillowy mounds of Kara's tits as she held them in place.

Kara looked up and couldn't help grin at the incongruous sight of Eve's own big tits gently swaying as she moved her hips back and forth, her big dick fucking Kara's cleavage.

"Fuck that feels good," Eve gasped as she tit-fucked Kara, moaning as she felt her bend her neck and take the head of her cock into her mouth again. "Ahhh yeah - - suck my dick," she groaned.

Eve fucked Kara's tits for a few minutes until she could take no more. She stood up, grabbing her dress at the waist and pulling it up and over her head, tossing it aside, leaving her naked, groping one of her tits with one hand, stroking her big cock with the other.

"Take your clothes off," she said.

Kara quickly reached down and took her boots off before she unbuttoned her leather trousers, lifted her ass up off the sofa and pushed them and the thong she wore to the ground. She spread her legs wide, fingering her own soaking wet twat for a moment, the pair of them masturbating as they watched each other.

"Come over here and fuck me," Kara said.

Eve quickly knelt between Kara's spread legs, holding her cock in one hand, the big knob head rubbing against her slippery pussy lips. Slowly she moved forward, inching her cock into Kara's twat bit by bit, spreading her wide.

"Ahhhhhh fuck," Kara sighed. Eve's cock was easily as big as Lex's and felt just as good, but to top it off, she had a huge pair of tits, too. "Oh fuck, fuck that's so fucking good," Kara moaned, grabbing hold of Eve's mounds as she started fucking her faster.

Eve leaned down and kissed her, their huge jugs mashing together as she hunched her hips, thrusting her big dick deep into her cunt time and again.

"Wish - - wish you weren't - - mmmmmm - - a bad guy," Kara sighed as Eve shoved her whole length inside her. "I could - - get used to this."

"I'm not bad," Eve said with a smile, her hands grabbing Kara's huge tits as she fucked her big dick deep into her pussy. "Just - - aaahhhhhh - - just a bit - - selfish."

"Then join us - - oh fuck, yes - - join us," Kara gasped, feeling her pussy clenching around Eve's big cock, her orgasm building as the woman continued fucking her harder and faster.

"Nuh-uh," Eve said, shaking her head. "A deal's - - mmmmmm - - a deal's a deal." She kissed her deeply, thrusting her tongue into Kara's mouth as she moved her hands down to her hips, grabbing them, using them as a lever to start pounding her huge cock into her cunt.

"Fuck yes!" Kara cried, breaking the kiss. "Fuck me! Make me - - ahhhhhhh shit! - - make me cum! Fuck me!"

Eve did just that, jackhammering her cock into Kara's pussy over and over, the slick, wet sounds of their fucking and the gasps of breath filling the room, quickly joined by Kara's moans and cries as she started cumming. She shook and juddered beneath Eve as her body went into paroxysms of pleasure, Eve's fucking triggering a huge orgasm.

As she caught her breath, she looked up at Eve's face, a strange thought occurring to her.

"Can you - - uuhhhnn - - can you - - cum?" she asked her. Eve simply smiled and nodded. "Good - - cum for me - - cum on my tits," Kara said.

Eve thrust deep into her pussy a few more times before quickly withdrawing and grabbing hold of her cock, jerking on it as she once more straddled Kara. She groaned as her cock jumped and lurched in her hand, shooting out stream after stream of thick, white jizz. It leapt from the end of her cock, splashing over Kara's huge tits and going further, hitting her face, leaving long, heavy trails from her forehead down to her chin.

Time and again Eve's big dick spat out viscous cords of cream, the spunk laying in almost unbroken lines from Kara's face down to her huge tits that she held up and together.

"Fuck yes - - do it - - give me that cum," Kara said, reaching up with one hand and grabbing Eve's cock, jerking on it. The hot meat pulsed in her hand as she aimed the still spurting cock head at herself. Another and another line of jizz poured forth, each as thick and full as the first, splashing down over her face and tits, covering her in a white, sticky glaze. "God yeah - - fucking cum for me!" Kara moaned, jerking on Eve's cock.

Finally, the busty dickgirl's emissions slowed and then stopped altogether, allowing her to fall to one side, collapsing on the sofa.

"Oh fuck," she gasped. "Fuck that felt good,"
