 This is the third Kara Lofts story, set in a re-made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like and follows The Five Idols and The Talismans. Like all my stuff, it'll feature big tits, big dicks and more than a little incest if the story allows so if none of that's your thing, go find something else to read.

† † † † †

Kara, Sophie and the other girls watched the two dozen huge, one-eyed, blue skinned, goat legged miners as they walked into town, each of them armed with clubs, spears and knives.

"Oh my god," one of the girls said. "What are they going to do?"

"I think one thing's for certain - - they're not here to visit the brothel," Sophie said. "They're clearly spoiling for a fight."

Kara turned to Eve who stood naked, hands tied behind her back, huge tits exposed, her heavy cock hanging from her crotch.

"Any idea why they're armed?" Kara asked her.

"They weren't happy I moved the girls out of the brothel and put them off limits," Eve said. "I tried explaining they were bait for your rescue attempt but the miners aren't that bright." She looked at Lex and smiled. "No offence, little fella."

"Hey, if it wasn't for Lex, we'd still be in our cells," Sophie said. "He was the one who worked out your hell hound things are just illusions."

"My people can't see illusions," Lex explained to Kara. "So I couldn't see any of the big dogs Miss Sophie was worried about. Once I explained that, they could ignore them, too."

"I'm glad that worked out," Kara said, "but we still have two dozen of your ex-friends to deal with." She looked back at Eve. "Will you help us? I don't think those guys will be happy with your prisoners escaping."

Eve sighed. "Sad to say you're right. I'm in as much shit as you lot." She turned slightly, pointing her hands towards them. "If you untie me and let me get dressed, I'll help." When they hesitated, Eve nodded out the window. "You really don't have much time to decide."

"Shit," Kara said, trying to weigh her options as quick as she could. "Where are my clips?" she asked, holding her currently empty pistols up. Eve nodded to a small chest beside the sofa. Kara opened it and quickly loaded her guns, handing one to Sophie. "You take the miners on the near side, I'll take the furthest ones. Aim for their heads and try and make each shot count as this is all the ammo we have." She turned to Jade. "Have your girls ready to fire as quick as they can, again aim for the heads. Those big bastards take a lot of killing."

Finally she turned back to Eve, stepping around her and untying her hands.

"Help us, please," Kara said as the busty dickgirl grabbed her dress and pulled it over her head, hurriedly tying the cords that criss-crossed her huge tits, holding the sides of her dress together. "You know those bastards aren't going to care who you work for now."

"You can count on me," Eve said. "I said earlier I'm not bad, just a bit selfish and I know which way the wind's blowing." She took a spare bow that Jade offered her, albeit she wasn't happy about arming their former jailer.

Kara stood at the door and looked out of the window - - the miners were almost on top of them.

"Sophie and I will get out of the door and move to the front, kneeling down," she said to the girls, easily taking charge. "That way you can come out behind us and fire over our heads. Do it in waves so that half of you are firing as the other half is reloading, okay?" The girls nodded, one or two of them looking scared but most more than happy to take on the miners who had abused them for so long.

Kara counted to three then flung open the door, she and Sophie darting out, the illusory hellhound having vanished. The miners turned slowly as the two women knelt, aimed, and fired. Two of the miners fell, bullets tearing through their heads while a third clasped his neck, dark green blood pouring out. As the others began to run towards them, several of the girls stepped out, firing arrows at them, sending another few miners to the ground, shafts sticking from their faces.

Again and again Kara and Sophie fired, more of the miners falling dead or tumbling screaming to the floor, arrows sticking from their bodies. It seemed far too soon before Kara's and Sophie's pistols both clicked empty, leaving the bows and arrows to do the work.

"FUCKING BITCHES!" one of the miners yelled just a couple of feet from them, a makeshift axe raised above his head. He fell a second later, two arrows deeply embedded in his single eye, his axe falling at Kara's feet. She tossed her pistol aside, grabbed the axe and rose, swinging it hard into the side of another miner, severing his sword arm, allowing Sophie to grab the weapon and attack.

Screams rose from the girls - - part fear, part anger - - as the miners swamped them, forcing them to fight hand to hand with whatever they had, stabbing them with arrows, knives or their fingers. Two of the girls were felled with one swing of a massive sword before Kara's axe landed in its owner's head, sending him crashing down, the top of his skull and most of the contents flying across the street. Another miner stepped forward, grabbed hold of her neck and threw her to the ground, knocking the wind from her as she landed on her back. He stood over her, raising a large club, roaring down at her for a moment before a sword swung clean through his neck, his head spinning away.

"You're welcome," Eve said to Kara, reaching down and helping her up before she darted off, attacking another of the blue-skinned monsters. Kara picked up her axe again and raced after her.

In just a few minutes, it was all over. The miners lay dead or dying, bleeding and groaning into the dirt street. Around them, covered in their own and the miners' blood, stood the surviving girls - - Jade and Jewel stood hand in hand with only three others beside them while Kara, Sophie and Eve stood opposite them.

"Not - - the great rescue - - we wanted it to be," Jade gasped, catching her breath, blood running down her face from a slight head wound.

"No," Kara agreed. "At least you don't have to worry about these bastards again," she said, indicating the miners' corpses.

"I hate to rain on your parade," Eve said, her glamorous dress torn and ripped in several places, dark green blood streaked across her huge tits. "They'll only send more as long as that mine's operational."

The door to the hut opened slowly and Lex poked his head around it, his single eye going wide at the carnage before him.

"I might be able to help there, Miss Kara, Miss Sophie," he said.

After listening to Lex's proposal, Kara split the girls into two teams. Jade, Jewel and the others headed out of Carver Town, back to Savannah's encampment while she, Sophie and Eve - - the other girls didn't want their former captor with them - - would follow Lex back to the watering shed they'd first met him in. Once the others had gone, Eve took a pair of boots from one of the dead girls, her high heels no match for the terrain they were to be covering.

Back at the shed, the three women followed him inside, watching as the small, blue skinned cyclops rummaged in one of the boxes pushed up against the walls. He took out a large lump of dark, clay like material along with a long length of black cord.

"Can you hold this end, Miss Kara?" he asked, giving her the end of the cord. "If you could wait outside, Miss Kara, with Miss Sophie and Miss Eve," he said, smiling at them, heading to the back of the room and the ladder that led down into the mine.

Kara and the others did as he said, the cord unspooling in her hands as Lex walked away with it. Eventually, the three women stood outside the hut, Kara still holding the cord which twitched in her hand before laying still. After a while, Lex re-emerged from the hut, his hooves kicking up dirt as he trotted over to them, wiping his hands clean of the remains of the dark clay.

"I take it this is some sort of fuse?" Kara asked, holding up the end of the cord. Lex nodded and held up a small book of matches he'd brought out of the hut. Kara shook her head, smiling at him. "I think you should do the honours, Lex."

Lex smiled at her idea and happily struck a match, holding it against the fuse. Once it lit, Kara dropped it and the four of them watched it spark and flare towards the hut, disappearing inside. There were a tense few minutes when it was out of sight and nothing happened before a dull krump! was heard and a dust cloud rolled out of the hut door. As they coughed and spluttered, turning away slightly, the hill behind the hut shook, rose up slightly and then sank back down, sinking ten or more feet lower than it had been.

"Well," Eve said, coughing and waving dust from in front of her. "I don't think they'll be back for this mine."

† † † † †

"Thank you, Kara - - Sophie - - Lex - - for all you've done," Savannah said back at the camp, pointedly ignoring Eve. The blonde leader stood with her arms around her daughters, Jewel and Jade, the other surviving girls behind them. "While we lost some friends, we at least have the opportunity to leave here and find a better life."

"I'm glad we helped," Kara said. "I'm just sorry some of the girls didn't make it."

"You're welcome to join us," Savannah said. "The three of you, anyway." She looked at Eve with a scowl.

"Thanks but I'm still intent on finding a cure for the men of this world or a way to reverse what's happened." Kara looked from Savannah to Eve and back. "Eve's going to come with us, at least part of the way. I understand that you don't want her hanging around with you."

"She may have helped in the end, but she still held my girls captive," Savannah said. Eve almost said something but at a glance from Sophie she wisely held her tongue. "That she helped is the only reason we haven't killed her," Savannah said.

"Don't worry, she won't bother you again," Kara said.

Savannah shrugged and then stepped forward, hugging the three of them one after the other.

"You have the directions to the Cave of Mordantir?" she asked, referring to the wizard that Kara hoped could help her. Kara nodded. "Then travel safe. It'll be dark before you reach it so camp in the foothills and make your way up in the morning. Do not approach Mordantir at night - - during the day he will exact a price - - in darkness, he will consume you, body and soul."

Five minutes later the three women - - Eve now wearing leather trousers, a bikini top and a tight jacket that Savannah had grudgingly given her - - and Lex left the encampment, heading North into the Badlands.

† † † † †

They camped that night in a small hollow in the foothills of a small mountain that stood alone, sprouting up from the desert that surrounded it, small shrubs and a handful of sick looking trees littering the slopes. It was from these that they managed to gather enough wood to start a campfire going, heating some of the food they'd been given by Savannah.

"Did Savannah give you any idea of what to expect tomorrow?" Sophie asked Kara who shook her head.

"Only that I needed to approach him on my own. He doesn't like more than one person at a time, apparently."

"Does that mean you're going to get laid without me?"

"Who said I was going to get laid?"

"Oh come on," Sophie said with a laugh. "Just about everything in this messed up, remade world wants to fuck us."

"I guess you're right," Kara said, smiling over at Lex and Eve. "What are your plans after tomorrow?" she asked them.

Eve shrugged. "Not sure. I can always find another employer either in this Realm or the next one."

"You don't want to stick with us?" Kara asked. "We could always do with the help."

She shrugged again. "Guess I'll wait and see what happens with you and the wizard."

Kara turned to the small, blue skinned Cyclops. "What about you, Lex? Whichever Realm we're going to end up in, we're going to need a guide if you want the job?"

"Oh yes please, Miss Kara," Lex said, almost jumping up and down. "I really want to stay with you and Miss Sophie - - although - - " He paused, suddenly looking worried.

"What, Lex?" Sophie asked.

"Well - - if we leave this Realm - - I might not know much about the next one."

Kara smiled. "That's okay, you can still come with us." She winked at him. "You don't think we'd leave you and that big dick of yours behind, did you?"

Eve looked between his legs at the empty, fur covered crotch. "This little fellow's got a big dick?"

Sophie laughed. "Show her, Lex," she said.

Shyly, glancing at Eve, Lex reached down between his legs and parted the white fur that ran from his waist down to his hooves. Beneath was a small flap of blue skin which, when he lifted it aside, revealed the small length of his cock, his balls hanging below. As the three women watched, his dick and balls started to swell and expand.

"I know how to make it bigger," Kara said, turning to Sophie and kissing her, cupping her huge tits as she pushed her tongue deep into her mouth, Sophie responding, grabbing the bottom of Kara's tight tank top and pulling it up over her friend's big tits. After a moment, she broke their kiss and bent down, sucking on Kara's stiff, small nipples, first one then the other. Kara returned the favour, pulling Sophie's top off before leaning down and sucking at her stiff buds, holding up her tits, the big mounds too large for her hands.

Kara turned to Eve and smiled at her. "Lex likes watching girls make out," she said, nodding towards Lex. Eve glanced over at the small Cyclops, her eyes going wide at the size of the huge, blue cock that stood up from his furry crotch.

"So I see," she said. "But he's not the only one." She stood and pushed down her leather trousers, her own big, thick cock shaft springing free. She gripped it, stroking it as it reached full hardness. "Come on, Lex," she said. "Can't let them have all the fun, can we?"

The busty dickgirl and the well hung Cyclops walked forward, Eve shedding the rest of her clothes as they did, Lex standing beside Kara, Eve at Sophie's side. The two women turned, Kara eagerly sucking Lex's thick cock head into her mouth as Sophie slid her lips over Eve's bulbous knob, both of them bobbing up and down on the shafts.

"Oh - - oh Miss Kara - - oh, that's so good!" Lex babbled, his single green eye almost rolling back in his head, his mouth hanging open.

"Mmmm, you're pretty good, too," Eve told Sophie as the blonde shoved herself down on to her cock, gagging and coughing as the big knob nudged the back of her throat. Sophie pulled back and spat a thick wad of saliva over Eve's cock before wrapping her huge tits around it, letting her slide her dick up and down her cleavage.

"Fuck my tits," she said, looking up past the incongruous sight of Eve's own massive jugs, the two women smiling at each other as Eve's thick hard on slid between Sophie's tits.

"Oooh - - oh, Miss Kara - - oh by Valary's tits that's good!" Lex moaned. Kara took his cock from her mouth and looked up at him.

"Would you like to fuck me again, Lex?" she asked. Even as the little Cyclops was nodding, Kara was pushing her leather trousers down, kicking her boots off so she could lose the rest of her clothes, kneeling on all fours beside the camp fire. She looked over her shoulder at him, wiggling her ass from side to side. "Come and get it, Lex," she said.

He happily trotted over to her, huge cock bobbing in front of him, and took hold of her hips, looking down as he aimed his big bullet headed cock at her shaved, bald pussy lips. It bumped against her pussy for a moment before slipping between the sopping wet lips and easing inside.

"Aaahh - - ahhhhhh, yeah, that's it," Kara sighed as she felt his big cock ease forward and deeper.

Sophie, now also naked, knelt beside her, the lovers kissing as, behind Sophie, Eve held her own cock at the root and guided it into the blonde's tight, wet pussy.

"Uuhhggnnnn - - I can - - see why you - - couldn't resist," Sophie said to Kara as Eve slid her cock in and out of her cunt, each forward thrust going a little deeper.

"Mmmm - - she's big, isn't she?" Kara asked before looking back over her shoulder. "Just as - - ahhhhh, fuck - - as big as Lex."

The blue-skinned Cyclops smiled happily at her as he held on to her firm ass cheeks and began shoving his entire length into her twat with every thrust, his thick column of flesh spreading her pussy wide, the hot walls clinging to his cock.

"Look at you," Eve said with a laugh. "Pair of sluts - - ahhhhh fuck - - sluts for big cock," she said, cramming her cock deep into Sophie's pussy, holding her hips as she started to jackhammer her huge prick in and out of her. "I bet - - fuck - - I bet you'd - - let anything fuck you!" she laughed.

Kara looked back at her and licked her lips.

"Damn fucking right!" she said. She turned back to Lex. "Do it, Lex - - fuck me - - fuck me hard! Oh fuck - - fuck yes!" Kara cried, her huge tits swinging beneath her as Lex pounded his big blue cock into her cunt as fast and hard as he could manage.

"Oh god - - oooh fucking hell!" Sophie moaned beside her, dropping her shoulders, resting her cheek against the grass as Eve thrust her huge shaft deep into her twat.

"Fuck me! Aaaahhhhh - - fuck yeah - - fuck me!" Kara groaned as Lex did as she asked. She could feel her orgasm building, the familiar tightening in her stomach, her slick, juice lined pussy clamping down on the enormous shaft that filled her up. "Oh fuck - - fucking hell, Lex!"

"Miss Kara - - by all the gods - - oh this feels so good!" Lex moaned, watching in disbelief as is thick blue cock slid in and out of Kara's pussy.

"You like my big cock, don't you, baby?" Eve growled at Sophie, leaning over her almost prone form, angling her huge dick so it went even deeper into her pussy, her hips slapping against Sophie's pert ass. "Yeah, you love that big - - fucking - - cock, don't you?" She spat on the fingers of one hand and reached between them, sliding two fingers easily into Sophie's tight asshole, feeling her own cock through the membrane that separated her two holes. "Bet you'd - - love my cock - - in your ass, too - - wouldn't you? Huh? Want me to - - fuck that tight - - little ass of yours?"

"Fuck yes!" Sophie gasped, her huge tits squashed against the cool grass. "Fuck me - - fuck my pussy - - fuck my arse - - ahhhhhnnnn - - fucking - - cumming!" she cried, her asshole tightening around Eve's fingers, her pussy clenching around Eve's thick tool as the big titted dick girl stuffed her full over and over. "Making me - - cum - - aaaihiiiiie!" she squealed.

"Oh Jesus - - oh fucking hell - - yes! Yes! Yes!" Kara cried beside her as Lex's thick cock finally triggered her own orgasm, making her shudder and moan as she came all over his big dick. It was all she could do to remain upright on her hands and knees as Lex continued fucking her the whole time she came, never slowing, stuffing his whole shaft in and out of her pussy.

Finally, as Kara calmed down and was able to push back against him, Lex began to gasp himself, his big balls beginning to tighten up, his shaft seeming to grow even thicker inside her.

"Oh - - Miss Kara - - I'm going - - going to - - " was all he managed to get out before Kara quickly pulled herself forward, his big dick popping free of her pussy. Just as the first thick cord of jism spurted from his knob, she spun round, mouth open, tongue hanging out, his heavy load splashing over her face, laying from her forehead, over her nose and lips, to dangle from her tongue. More and more joined it, Kara taking yet another giant facial from the small Cyclops as she took hold of his cock and jerked on it, directing its pulsing, cum spewing head towards her face, eating as much of his thick white cream as she could, loving the taste of his sticky spunk.
