 This is the third Kara Lofts story, set in a re-made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like and follows The Five Idols and The Talismans. Like all my stuff, it'll feature big tits, big dicks and more than a little incest if the story allows, plus this chapter has more than a little tentacle sex so if none of that's your thing, go find something else to read.

† † † † †

Kara sat on a ledge halfway up the mountainside and looked down towards the camp where she'd left Sophie, Lex and Eve. The early morning mist that had obscured her view for most of her climb had disappeared and she could see the faint glow of the campfire, the small, dark forms of her friends moving around it. Following Savannah's advice, Kara had struck out to find the cave of Mordantir the wizard on her own, fearing for the safety of her friends - - even Eve who, she had to admit, she was beginning to feel quite fond of.

She opened the bottle of water she'd carried with her and took a drink. Even though it was still early in the morning, the day was turning into a hot one and she was beginning to regret wearing her jacket. She thought about taking it off and leaving it here, picking it up on the return journey but - - she realised - - she had no guarantee that she'd come back this way. Or if she'd come back at all.

"Looks like I'm carrying the thing," Kara said, slipping it off and holding it in one hand, the bottle in the other.

She stood and continued along the path she'd followed to the ledge. It was narrow and, in places, steep enough for her to need to crawl on her hands and knees but not so much that she was ever actually climbing. It doubled back on itself as it rose taking her higher without ever really taking her around the mountain. Aside from a handful of birds perched on the few scrubby bushes that stuck out from the gravel patches amidst the rock, Kara was alone.

She paused as the path levelled out for a few yards, taking one of her last hair bands from her jacket and pulling her dyed scarlet hair back into a ponytail in an attempt to cool her head. Sweat ran from her forehead, down her neck and slid between her huge tits that were held confined in her tight tank top. She could feel sweat between her legs, too, her black leather trousers preventing her legs, butt and crotch from breathing. Kara poured some water over her neck and down her front, cooling down her huge mounds, before pulling her trousers out from her waist and letting some of the cool liquid slide inside as well.

"Where's this fucking cave?" she asked the mountain. "I'm going to fry if I don't find it soon."

"Are you looking for me, young lady?" came a voice from above her. Kara looked up and almost laughed at the stereotypical old man in cloak and hat, holding a long staff that stood a little way above her on the path. He had long white hair and beard, with a rope belt holding his cloak closed, from which hung a few leather pouches, probably filled with herbs and magical ingredients. He couldn't have looked more like a wizard if he'd tried.

"I am if you're Mordantir," she said.

"Nobody else lives up here," the old wizard said. "Why don't you come inside out of this heat? Maybe I can help you - - cool off?" he said, his eyes sliding lecherously over her body.

Kara grinned - - Sophie was right, everything in this messed up, remade world did want to fuck her! The wizard pointed off to the side and - - even though Kara would have sworn there was nothing but bare rock there a moment before - - indicated the entrance to a large, dark cave. She trudged up the gravel strewn path and walked ahead of the wizard, stepping inside the cool shadows of the rocky cavern, Mordantir following behind her.

As she went deeper, lights sprang up on the walls, illuminating shelves that creaked and groaned under the weight of the books that filled them. It shone from glasses, weighing scales and beakers filled with powders, liquids and gems. A desk with more books and several feather quills scattered about stood in one corner, next to a large, six feet wide circular mirror that held black glass which strangely barely reflected the room at all.

"Nice place," Kara said, feeling the fine hairs on her arms and at the back of her neck stand up in the cold air of the cave, her nipples hardening and poking out against her tank top. She started to put her jacket back on but stopped as Mordantir said,

"That's alright, dear, no need for the jacket. You'll get used to the temperature soon enough." He licked his lips as he stared at her big tits, not bothering to disguise his interest. Kara looked at him for a second before dropping her jacket over the back of the chair that stood in front of the desk. When she saw nothing else to sit on, she parked herself in it and looked up at the old wizard.

"So, tell me your name and what can I do for you?" he said, stepping closer, using his higher position to stare down into her deep cleavage.

"I'm Kara Lofts. I was told you might be of some help. I want to change the world back to what it was, before it was infested with magical creatures."

"Infested?" Mordantir said, his eyes flashing angrily for a second. "That's a hard word, my dear. That makes magical beings such as myself sound like little more than a disease to be cured."

Kara bit her bottom lip, her cheeks flushing a little. "I'm sorry," she said. "It's just I want things back the way they were, before the changes happened."

Mordantir smiled at her, once again staring at her inviting cleavage.

"Are you sure you want it changed back?" he asked, stepping even closer, the tip of his beard brushing against the tops of her huge tits. "Something tells me a woman like you has enjoyed some of the changes, eh? Like that little blue Cyclops travelling with you? Or the huge cocked dickgirl?"

"How - - how do you know about them?" Kara asked.

"I'm a wizard, Kara Lofts," he said. "It's my business to know things like that." Kara gasped as she felt his beard stiffen and slide between her tits, the fine hair spreading, thickening, cupping her mounds like hairy fingers, the bristles grabbing at her nipples and pinching them. "If the world changed back, you wouldn't experience anything like this," Mordantir said, his prehensile beard squeezing her tits. "Wouldn't you miss that?"

"Mmmmm - - maybe," Kara sighed, squirming in her seat as she felt her pussy throb and moisten. "Maybe there's a - - a middle ground?" she said, the wizard's beard still groping at her big tits.

"A middle ground?" Mordantir asked.

"Maybe the world stays as it is," Kara said, "but the men - - regain their sex drive - - stop ageing so fast?"

"Hmmmm, that certainly sounds like a better idea," the wizard said, his beard withdrawing from Kara's cleavage. "But why would I want to restore the sex drives of the normal men? Are you honestly telling me that you've had better sex with a man than your little Cyclops? Or the dickgirl? Or any of the other things you've had since the world changed?"

Mordantir stepped away from her and walked over to the mirror. As he neared it, the surface shimmered and a succession of images flowed across it like some magical television - - Kara standing beside her lover, Dex, and her frail father, both of whom looked old before their time - - then it was Kara being fucked by four green skinned, plant like creatures in the base of a pyramid - - sharing Brute the jailer's huge cock with Jennifer Raven - - being taken in all holes by the light emitting gel creature in a cave - - she and Sophie being fucked by the stone statue of a hellhound - - the pair of them sharing Lex and Eve's cum just the night before.

"Would you really want to give up any of these experiences for just a plain old man?" Mordantir asked, waving his hand in front of the mirror, flipping from one scene to the next and back. "Hmmm, I see you know our Queen Jennifer as well," he said, watching Kara and her former lover fuck the huge jailer called Brute. "Intimately, it would seem."

"I know her," Kara said, "though I haven't seen her since the world changed."

"Tell me," Mordantir said, stroking his beard as he thought. "What would you do for me if I restored the sex drive of your lover?"

"Anything," Kara said, perhaps a little too quickly. She glanced down at his crotch and was a little surprised not to see a large, bulging cock sticking out the front of his cloak - - everything else in this world certainly seemed to have one.

"Very well," the wizard said. "If you'll consent to allowing me to take you in any way I see fit - - I will restore your lover to normal."

"And my father?" she asked.

The wizard raised an eyebrow at that. "Your father as well?" He nodded. "Very well, I'm certainly not one to judge. But if you want the world changed back, that's beyond my capabilities, I'm afraid. Only Queen Jennifer can do that."

"And where can I find her?" Kara asked.

"Finding her is no problem," he said, turning back to the mirror which showed a large, dark castle on top of a hill. "Getting inside is another thing altogether. The single door will only open with a specific type of key, one which I can provide you with if you find three items for me."

Kara smiled at him. "You want me to go on a quest for you?"

"That's exactly it. I can send you and your friends to the next Realm where you can find the Bridle of Phoenicas, King of the Centaurs, the Book of the Dead and the Sword of the Ocean. Once you have them, they will transport here to me and I will then give you the key and the location of Queen Jennifer's castle."

Kara sat and thought about his deal. She needed Dex and her father to stop ageing, that was definite so that meant having sex with the old man with his prehensile beard and - - as he'd shown her in the mirror - - she'd fucked weirder looking things. Changing the world back meant finding these ridiculously named items and then confronting Jennifer which was something else entirely.

"Fine," she said, standing up and unbuttoning her leather trousers. "Let's do this then."

The wizard smiled and licked his lips as he watched Kara kick her boots free then push her leather trousers off her long, trim legs, her g-string following before she grabbed the hem of her tank top and pulled it up and over her head, freeing her huge, round tits. She stood proudly before him, her nipples stiff with the cold, her shaved, bald pussy exposed, a smile on her face.

"How do you want me?" she asked.

Mordantir grinned and pointed to the round, black mirror.

"LIKE THIS!" a huge, deep voice said from the mirror as the surface rippled and parted, the glass slipping aside as a mass of dark green, grey and black tentacles poured out and into the cave. Some were as thick as Kara's thigh, others as thin as her little finger, all of them covered in a thick, clear slime that frothed and bubbled as the long limbs coiled and wrapped around each other as they slithered from the mirror, heading across the stone floor towards her. "I WANT YOU IN THIS, MY TRUE FORM! THIS OLD MAN IS NOTHING MORE THAN A PUPPET FOR ME TO MOVE AROUND IN YOUR WORLD!" the mirror said

"Jesus!" Kara cried, stepping back from the dark coils as they rolled and pulsed towards her.

"YOU SAID I COULD HAVE YOU IN ANY WAY," the voice from the mirror purred, its delight at her discomfort clear. "A DEAL'S A DEAL."

The first of the tentacles wrapped itself around her ankle and pulled her back towards the mirror, allowing others to snake out and coil around her. To her surprise, Kara found them warm, the slime coating them letting their smooth surfaces slide across her skin, acting as lube. They pulled her in, closer to the nest of tentacles, more and more sliding around her naked body, slipping up her legs, around her waist, cupping her ass and tits.

"Fucking hell!" Kara cried, trying to pull back from them but even as her hand slid from the grasp of one tentacle - - the thing's own lube aiding her escape - - another replaced it meaning she was still trapped.

"THERE'S NO ESCAPE, MY PRETTY ONE," the voice boomed from the mirror, laughing as it held on to Kara. "FIGHT AS MUCH AS YOU LIKE - - THEY ALL DID - - SAVANNAH DID - - EVEN QUEEN JENNIFER."

"Jennifer?" Kara asked, freezing for a moment. "You had Jennifer?"

"OH YES," the real Mordantir said. The top half of the mirror reformed, showing the flat, black surface again, this time revealing the image of Kara's ex-lover, Jennifer Raven, entwined with the same tentacles that held Kara, being fucked in all her holes as she struggled. "SHE NEEDED MY HELP TO CONSOLIDATE HER POWER," Mordantir said, "BUT SHE DIDN'T PAY THE PRICE WILLINGLY."

"And what if I do?" Kara asked. The thick tentacles holding her paused for a second as the image of Jennifer faded in the mirror. "What if I let you take me voluntarily? What if I don't fight?" she asked.

"WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?" Mordantir asked after a moment.

"Like you showed me, I've fucked plenty of weird things since this world changed," Kara said. She moved forward as the tentacles relaxed a little and dropped to her knees, spreading her legs wide. "Wouldn't you rather take me willingly? Trust me, it'll be a lot more enjoyable for both of us."

She gasped as one of the thick, blunt headed lengths of flesh pushed against her pussy lips and, with the aid of the slime, eased inside. Others wrapped around her tits allowing a thick grey length to slide in and out of her cleavage.

"OH YES," Mordantir groaned as the thick, slimy length began sliding in and out of her pussy. Other tentacles relaxed further and began to slide over her body, caressing her rather than holding her, the clear gel laying in heavy lines over her. "OH YES - - OH THAT'S SO GOOD - - NO WOMAN'S EVER - - EVER DONE THIS - - WILLINGLY."

As a big green coil unfurled in front of her, Kara leaned forward and opened her mouth, sucking on the round knob, feeling it slip deep into her throat for a moment before slipping back out, fucking her face slowly. At the same time, three of the thinnest tentacles coiled around each other before pushing into her asshole, sliding and turning as they went up her butt, thickening as they did so.

"Mmmmmffllll - - yeah - - fuck me," Kara moaned around the makeshift cock in her mouth. The monstrous form of the wizard did as she asked, thrusting its many tentacles into her holes, thick tubes of slime covered flesh easing in and out of her ass, pussy and mouth as others slid over her huge tits. "Aahhhahhhh - - so fucking full," she sighed.

"OH KARA - - SO GOOD!" Mordantir groaned, relishing not having to grapple with her, being able to concentrate on fucking with her instead. This - - consensual sex - - was unlike anything he'd ever felt before. His tentacles thickened within her body, stuffing themselves deep into her pussy and ass while she moaned and pushed back, urging him on like no other woman ever had.

"Fuck me - - ahhhhahhhhh - - fuck me harder!" she cried, falling on to all fours, bouncing her ass back against his slippery flesh. "Fuck my cunt - - fuck my ass!" she yelled as the tentacles worked in and out of both her holes. "Make me - - aaahhnnnnn - - make me - - fucking - - cum!" she screamed, her body clenching, her muscles clamping down on the sticky tubes of flesh that still fucked her as she came. Kara collapsed on to the bed of tentacles, the firm, slippery flesh yielding beneath her as she lay down, her huge breasts squashing on to the foamy slime-covered tubes of fuck meat.

"NEVER KNEW IT - - COULD BE THIS - - GOOD!" Mordantir roared, his long, thick tentacles wrapping carefully around her, holding her gently as he continued fucking her through her orgasm, feeling her muscles grip him as she came. He had used his powers to force women to give themselves to him in the past, striking deals with them for what they needed, charging them the same price and every one of them - - even Queen Jennifer who he knew had not shied away from fucking magical creatures before - - had been repulsed by his true form. Every time he'd fucked them, he'd spent so much time holding them still, pushing them into the positions he wanted, that he hadn't been able to enjoy it and knew that they hadn't either.

But Kara Lofts was different - - she'd embraced him, eager to fuck him, show him that things could be better when he didn't have to force himself on to a woman.

"OH KARA - - KARA - - THIS IS SO - - SO GOOD," he moaned, his tentacles sliding in and out of her pussy and ass, writing around her huge tits, slipping back between her lips as she came back from her orgasm high.

"Didn't I - - mmmmlllpp - - tell you it - - mmmwwahhh - - it would be?" she said, sucking and kissing the big green fake cock in front of her. Mordantir's tentacles continued fucking her pussy and ass, slipping in and out of her tight holes, the slime that covered them easing their movement, acting as a natural lubricant. The clear gel like substance bubbled and frothed as it was pushed around and clumps of it clung to her body and hair, hanging in great spit-like threads from her skin.

"STAY WITH ME, KARA - - UUURRHHHHNN - - STAY WITH ME - - I WILL MAKE YOU - - A QUEEN TO RIVAL - - JENNIFER," Mordantir gasped.

"Mmmmm - - that's just your - - oohhh fuck - - your cocks, talking," Kara muttered as she felt the big tentacles in her ass and pussy speed up their thrusts.

"THEN PROMISE TO RETURN - - PROMISE TO TAKE ME ONCE MORE."

"I promise - - aahhhmmmm - - if you'll - - aahhh - - if you'll cum for me," Kara groaned.

Mordantir laughed, each of the tentacles that wasn't fucking Kara raising up, their thick, bulbous heads pointing down at her. As she watched, they pulsed, thick, cylindrical lumps travelling from the base of each of them where they exited the mirror, moving up their shafts until they exploded from the tips, Mordantir's sperm packets erupting from the tentacles. Heavy wads of thick, pure white jism sprang from the heads of the tentacles and splashed down over her as though quarts of milk were simultaneously being thrown over her from all angles.

She groaned as she felt the same thing happen to the tentacles that were still in her ass and pussy, liquid pouring out and filling up both her holes in one spurt, the viscous spunk pouring back out of her. More and more of the sperm packets travelled the length of the tentacles, their warm, gooey contents falling on and in to her time and again, leaving her a cum soaked mess in seconds. Kara purred and sucked up the warm, tasty liquid as the tentacle cock in front of her sprayed her face with its own cum load, sealing her eyes closed with one jet of its spunk.

"AAAHHHHH YES - - YES - - TAKE MY CUM!" Mordantir cried as his tentacles spurted their loads all over her body.

When they'd finally finished cumming, Kara slid around on a sea of spunk, slime and tentacles, luxuriating in the feeling of being well-fucked and covered in cum.

"Thank you," she said. "I needed that."

"YOU ARE UNLIKE ANY OTHER WOMAN I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED," the monster wizard said, sounding as happy as she did. "I WISH YOU WOULD STAY WITH ME."

"I'll come back once I've got those items for you," she said. "And then maybe you can help me get to Jennifer."

"BUT IF YOU MAKE HER CHANGE THE WORLD BACK - - WE WON'T BE ABLE TO DO THIS AGAIN," he said.

"Well - - maybe we can make a deal?" Kara said as she slowly stood up, scooping cum from her eyes. She looked at the mirror and smiled. "But first, I think I need a shower."

† † † † †

Sometime later, Kara walked back down the mountain track, heading back to the camp, dressed once more in her boots, trousers, tank top and jacket. One of the benefits of having a wizard - - even a wizard comprised entirely of tentacles - - as a lover was that he was able to magically produce a warm shower so she could wash his cum from her body. With that done and her dressed, they'd talked about what Kara wanted to do and how he could help her before he'd sent her back to her friends.
