 This picks up straight from Part 2 so you might want to read that first.

†††††††††††

"Jennifer!" Kara gasped, looking at her former lover and friend who stood in the doorway, a pistol jammed into the ribs of Sophie, the maid who'd just let her in. Moving into the room from behind them was Conchita, a very buxom Latina that Jennifer had employed as her assistant. She, too, was armed with a pistol, aiming hers at Kara.

"Let's not do anything hasty, my friends," Jennifer said with a smile, her single emerald eye glinting, the other covered by a silken patch that matched her jet black hair. "After all, we wouldn't want the lovely Sophie here to get hurt, would we?"

She ran her free hand up Sophie's side, cupping the maid's ample bosom and squeezing it gently. In years gone by, when Jennifer and Kara had been an item, Sophie had often joined in their torrid lovemaking and had welcomed Jennifer's advances. Now, the act caused her to shrink away from her touch as much as she could.

"Jennifer, what are you doing here?" Sir Arthur said. He too had been a willing partner of Jennifer's, though he had drawn the line at having sex with his own daughter, Kara.

"Looking for the last idol, of course. My sponsor tells me it's actually hidden in the basement of Lofts Manor. Who'd have guessed, eh?"

"But that's preposterous," Sir Arthur said. "I know all of the items in this house and I definitely don't have an idol to a Central American god hidden in the basement."

Kara stood, her boyfriend Dex rising beside her.

"Jennifer, can't we stop this now, before it goes any further?" Kara said. "You told me in that pyramid that you'd missed me, that things could be different. Let Sophie go, please."

"Come on, Jen," Dex said. "Let's talk about this."

Jennifer glared at Dex. "Let's not." She turned to Kara. "My sponsor thinks the statue of Xaoctl is in your basement so why don't we go take a look? You and Sophie can come with me; Conchita, you can keep Dex and Sir Arthur up here as added insurance, to make sure Miss Lofts doesn't try anything silly."

"Por supuesto, mi amor," Conchita said, aiming her pistol towards the two men, motioning Dex to sit back down next to Sir Arthur. "This one I remember from when Quetlana was in my head," she said, looking at Dex. Quetlana, a South American goddess, had possessed Conchita, giving the already busty Latina an even larger pair of tits and a smaller waist as well as fucking Dex and anyone else she felt like. "Maybe after mi amante gets the idol, we get together, si?" she said, blowing him a kiss.

"Forget it," Dex said. "Not going to happen."

"Your loss, she's very good," Jennifer said over her shoulder as she marched Kara and Sophie out of the room and into the large hall.

Two staircases, one on either wall, led up to the next floor, with dark wood panelling running the length of them. In the middle of the wall that ran from one staircase to another was the door to the basement, made in such a way to appear as part of the wooden panelling, allowing it to blend in.

"Would you be a dear and open that?" Jennifer asked Kara, one hand still around Sophie's waist, the other holding the pistol against her side. As Kara bent over to grasp the small table in front of the door and move it to one side, Jennifer whispered in Sophie's ear, "Look at that ass. Obviously it's her tits that catch your eye first, but my, what a butt she's got."

Sophie nodded slightly, partly out of fear of the pistol at her side, partly in agreement. Kara's tight jeans stretched lovingly across her pert ass, framing her buttocks perfectly, while her spaghetti strap vest was pushed to the max to contain her huge tits.

Kara looked back at them. "I don't suppose you'd believe me if I said the door was locked?"

Jennifer pouted comically. "No, my dear, I wouldn't. Open it up and switch the light on, as well."

Kara turned the small, subtle handle and opened up a section of the wood panelling before reaching inside and switching the light on. A short staircase led down to the basement and, at a nod from Jennifer, Kara walked down, her ex-lover and her hostage following her. While it wasn't used on a daily basis, the area was cleaned regularly and it led them down into a spacious, well-lit area lined with metal shelving along the walls as well as several racks of shelves free standing in the middle of the room.

Each of the shelves was packed with boxes or crates, each clearly labelled detailing the contents. Sir Arthur was meticulous in his collecting and was confident, as he had said, that there was no chance Jennifer's last golden idol could be in his collection.

"Everything's listed and inventoried on the computer," Kara said, indicating a desk where an old PC and monitor sat, used only for keeping the inventory up to date. "Easiest thing to do would be to check that."

"Or you could just hunt through the boxes for one that has a red star on the front," Jennifer said. "If your father doesn't know it's in his stuff, he wouldn't have included it on the list, but my sponsor knows it's in a box with a red star." She looked out towards the large array of shelving. "Get looking."

Kara took the opportunity to wink at Sophie and quickly mouth "Distract her," before moving off amongst the shelves, starting to look for a single box in the huge collection.

Jennifer pulled Sophie closer into her, nuzzling at her ear. "Sophie, my sweet? You know we've had some fun in the past and that I really don't want to hurt you, don't you?" she asked, the maid nodding her head. Jennifer moved her free hand over the swell of Sophie's big tits, cupping and gently squeezing them. "These tense situations always get me horny," Jennifer said, slowly playing with the buttons on Sophie's blouse. "Do you think - -?"

Realising what Kara had meant, Sophie pushed her pert ass back into Jennifer's groin, at the same time reaching up and unbuttoning her blouse pulling the sides apart to reveal her big tits in their black, lacy bra.

"Mmmm, I'd forgotten just how lovely your tits are," Jennifer said, kissing Sophie on the neck as she slid her hand into the cups of her bra, feeling her nipples harden beneath her fingers. Sophie gasped as the other woman pinched her hard nips, tweaking them in that mixture of pleasure and pain that she liked. Hostage situation or not, the maid found it hard to resist her captor.

"Open your pants," Jennifer whispered to her, smiling as Sophie did as she was told, unbuttoning the tight pants she wore and pulling the zip down. Jennifer quietly placed her pistol on the desk next to them and then slid her hand under the now loosened waistband, cupping Sophie's gorgeous ass while she played with her tits with her other hand. "No underwear, Sophie," Jennifer sighed, running her hand over the girl's butt. "You bad girl,"

Jennifer's hand slid under Sophie's butt and she grinned as she felt the maid part her legs of her own accord, allowing her fingers to slip into her by now soaking wet pussy. Jennifer easily pushed two fingers into her twat, sliding them slowly in and out, as deep as the awkward angle would allow her.

"Oh, fuck," Sophie moaned, twisting her neck and kissing Jennifer as she felt her captor's fingers probe deep inside her wetness, her index finger sliding forward and gently stroking her clit. "Oh fucking hell, don't stop," she sighed, pushing her butt back against Jennifer.

"Wish we had - - more time," Jennifer gasped through her kisses. "Want to - - fuck you - - properly,"

"Then stay with us," Sophie sighed. "Give this up."

Jennifer leaned back and looked at the maid as she sped up the movement of her fingers, slipping them faster and faster, in and out of her pussy.

"Why don't you come with me, instead?" she asked her.

Sophie groaned, her body starting to shake as her orgasm built up and she was about to answer when the sound of a scream and a gunshot came from upstairs. Jennifer turned to look back at the stairway to find Kara creeping up behind her, the golden idol in her hands above her head. As she swung it down, Jennifer pulled her hands free and pushed Sophie around, into her path. Before she could stop herself, Kara hit her maid over the head with the idol and Sophie tumbled to the ground.

"Fuck! Sophie!" Kara cried, dropping the golden statuette and kneeling beside her.

Jennifer swooped down and took hold of the idol, pressing something on the side of the base before glancing around, smiling up at the ceiling. A glowing line forming three sides of a square appeared in the plain, white ceiling, the last edge forming a hinge as a section of it swung down in front of her. On the upper-side of the section, rough hewn steps formed a basic ladder which Jennifer quickly jumped up to, pulling herself into the space revealed above the steps.

"What the fuck?" Kara whispered as she looked up to see her ex-lover climbing into a space which simply shouldn't exist. Above the cellar was the hall and the rest of the manor.

"Ow, bloody hell," Sophie said quietly, rubbing the back of her head.

"Kara?" Dex shouted from the top of the stairs.

"Down here, hurry!" Kara said. She pecked Sophie on the top of the head before turning to the new stairs that hung from the ceiling. Jennifer had vanished into the darkness above and, as Kara watched, the steps began to rise. "Oh no you don't," she said and leapt forward, grabbing the bottom step. Her weight slowed them down, but they continued to rise.

"Kara? What's going on?" Dex said as he entered the cellar, Conchita's pistol in his hand. "Where's Jennifer?"

"Help me," she said, her feet leaving the ground as the steps rose to join the ceiling. Dex jumped up and their combined weight pulled the steps down a little. "She's gone up there," Kara said. "I have to get after her."

"What? Wait a second," Dex said, straining to keep the steps from rising. "Where does this lead?"

"No idea, my love," Kara said, "but I have to find her,"

She leaned over and kissed him briefly before pushing herself up and on to the steps, rushing into the darkness.

"Kara! Wait!" Dex called as the steps rose too fast for him to follow and he was forced to let go. The ceiling sealed itself behind her, leaving him and Sophie in the cellar, staring up at it.

"Kara? Everything all right?" Sir Arthur said from the doorway. He looked at the other pair. "Dexter? Sophie? Where are Kara and Jennifer?"

"I wish I knew, Sir Arthur," Dex said, looking up at the plain white ceiling.

† † † † † † † †

Kara peered ahead, squinting to try and make sense of what she was seeing. As the trap door had closed behind her, she'd realised she was in a long corridor roughly carved out of rock, more a tunnel than anything else. But this was a tunnel that should not have been here; it made no sense when she thought of the cellar and the stairs - - she should be in the hall of Lofts Manor, not wherever here was.

A dim light far ahead was the only thing she could see apart from the faint glow of the rocks around her, given off by a light coating of some luminous gel-like substance. As there was no trace of the steps or trap door that she'd entered by, it seemed going forward was the only option.

"I'm in a dark tunnel about to head towards the light," she whispered to herself. "Not really a good idea in any film I've ever seen."

She stood, feeling above her to check the height of the tunnel, and was relieved to find she could stand upright. Her hand touched the stone ceiling and came away coated in the gel which glowed a little brighter.

"Weird," she muttered as the stuff gave off enough light for her to see a few feet ahead. Holding her hand out, using the gel as a torch, she walked off towards the dim glow a long way off.

At the end of the tunnel, it turned to the left before opening out into a much larger chamber and it was from here that the glow was coming. Kara carefully looked around the rough arch that formed the entrance, her eyes widening as she took in the sight.

Ahead of her, on her knees but facing away from her, was Jennifer. Her clothes were tossed aside leaving her naked, her long black hair pulled into a ponytail falling down her bare back, her round, pert ass sat on her heels. Jennifer's arms were held up and in front of her, her wrists together, her head bowed. The sides of her huge tits were clearly visible, her pale skin almost golden in the light. In spite of everything, Kara couldn't help licking her lips at the vision her ex-lover, always so dominant, being so submissive.

Arranged on a rough shelf in front of Jennifer were the five golden idols she'd done so much to find over the last few months and behind each of them was a large candle, the source of the glow that lit the chamber.

Above them, though, and looking completely out of place in this ancient, rough hewn place, was a large, flat screen television mounted on the wall. On the screen was a handsome man in a suit and tie, sat at a desk. He was flanked by four women, two either side, all naked, all gorgeous, all with tits as big as Jennifer or Kara. The weirdest thing about the scene, though, was the man's skin: it was a deep, dark red.

"Thank you, Jennifer," the man said, obviously able to see her in front of him. "You've done well to find these idols."

"I am here to serve you, Master," Jennifer said without looking up. Kara frowned - - she'd never heard Jennifer be so subservient.

"That's good to hear," the man said. "Complete the ritual and our reign on your Earth can begin at last."

"Your Earth?" Kara whispered to herself, watching as Jennifer stood up and, one by one, kissed the golden idols on the shelf. She took hold of the candles and, not letting the flames extinguish, dripped molten wax over the tops of the gold statues. When all five had a coating of the pale, creamy wax, she moved the idols together into a circle and chanted something that Kara couldn't quite make out. Obviously finished, she stepped back and returned to her previous position, kneeling down, arms up and out, wrists together.

"Arise, my lord," Jennifer said. "Arise so that the gate may be opened to our Master."

The wax coating the idols began bubbling and moving, replicating itself as it poured from the statuettes and over the edge of the shelf on to the floor in front of Jennifer. It pooled briefly before starting to grow, using vastly more wax than the candles could have produced, until it started to form a column which grew to seven or eight feet tall. It bulged and rippled, as though something writhed inside it, before it appeared to split into sections. A head formed, followed by arms and legs until, as the wax stopped pouring from the shelf, a giant figure of a muscular man stood before Jennifer.

"Complete the ritual, Jennifer," the man on the television screen said.

Jennifer looked up at the newly created wax man and grinned as she saw the big cock that hung in front of her, twitching in anticipation as the wax man looked down at the busty, naked woman. She placed her hands on his thighs, loving the warm feel of the soft wax, and pulled him closer, opening her mouth and taking the heavy knob of his prick between her lips.

She moaned in pleasure as the warm length filled her mouth, thickening steadily and increasing in length, nudging the entrance to her throat and making her gag slightly before she relaxed and felt the smooth, round head slip down her gullet. The wax man pushed his hips forward as Jennifer pulled herself on to him, his entire cock sliding down her throat, her nose finally nudging the hairless base of his prick. The wax man threw his head back and let out a long, satisfied groan before looking down at Jennifer as she worked her mouth and throat back along his prick, took a gulp of air, then travelled the entire length once more. She started rocking back and fore, building up a rhythm, fucking her face with his cock over and over, occasionally pausing to breathe and to spit out thick wads of saliva that ran over his huge cock as well as down her chin and over her massive tits.

At the entrance to the chamber, Kara watched, fighting the urge to either slip her hand down her jeans and finger her soaking wet cunt or to rush over and join in. Her hard nipples pushed against the thin cotton of her spaghetti strap vest, one of her hands idly hefting her own huge jugs.

Whatever was going on here, she knew, was the ritual the man on the screen had mentioned. Whether the legend about the five idols being able to end the world was true or not, Kara had to admit that in the last couple of months she'd seen things that made it seem possible. Magic obviously existed - - she'd just seen a man form itself from wax - - and she couldn't take the chance that this ritual was somehow tied into the idols and the end of the world.

She looked around at the floor and spotted a handful of stones and wondered if she could disrupt things by attacking the wax man with them. She bent over and picked one up, weighing it in her hand, trying to decide whether to throw it or run and attack with it. From behind her came a loud, wet, slap as something fell from the roof of the tunnel on to the floor. Kara turned and saw a large, clear gelatinous blob moving quickly towards her. As she turned to run into the chamber, several thick tentacles shot out from the main body and wrapped around her arms, legs and waist, lifting her off the floor, making her drop the stone.

"Fuck!" she cursed, struggling against the warm, wet coils around her. Where the thing touched her, the gel glowed brightly and she realised this was the creature that had left the goo on the ceiling she'd found earlier.

Still holding her up, the thing moved into the chamber.

"Ah, this must be the delightful Miss Lofts," the man on the screen said, turning to look at her as the blob brought her closer. "Continue the ritual, Jennifer," he said, glancing over at her. Kara saw her ex-lover turn back to the wax man, swallowing the huge cock that hung between his legs once more.

"Tell this thing to let me go, you bastard!" Kara said.

"Oh I don't think that would be very wise for me and my associates," the man said, indicating the four naked, busty women behind and beside him. "You see, we're about to make some changes to your world with the able assistance of Miss Raven, there."

Almost on cue, Jennifer let out a long moan. Kara saw she'd changed position, still on her knees but now with the wax man behind her, her arms held by his behind her back, her huge tits thrusting out towards Kara as the wax man slid his big cock in and out of her pussy.

"Fuck - - so fucking good," Jennifer moaned aloud.

"Who are you?" Kara asked the man on the screen. "What's going on here?"

"You mean apart from Jennifer having the fuck of her life?" the man said with a smile. "She's performing a sexual magic ritual which will enable me and my associates to enter your world from ours. We'll make some changes to your world's reality, give Jennifer some power for helping us and move on to the next. Think of it as a merger and acquisition, if you like."

"Unnngghhh - - fuck! Ohhhh fuck! Cumming!" Jennifer cried beside her, the wax man's steady fucking bringing her to orgasm.

"Jealous?" the man on the screen asked Kara. "Jennifer's getting all the attention and there you are, so perfectly fuckable in those jeans and that tight vest that's really having trouble holding in those magnificent breasts. I bet you'd love some cock right now, wouldn't you?"

"God damn you, stop this!" Kara shouted, struggling in the gel thing's clutches. She didn't want to admit that watching Jennifer getting fucked had turned her on, nor that the feel of the warm, wet tentacles was making it worse - - or better, she wasn't quite sure.

"It's alright, Kara. Jennifer's told us you're open to new experiences like the jailer in the pyramid. I think you might like your new friend if you relax a little."
