 This is a direct sequel to my story "Kara Lofts and The Five Idols" and features a re-made world with magic, orcs, trolls and the like. There's a small recap in this story as to how things came to be so you don't have to read "...Five Idols" before carrying on with this but it might enhance your enjoyment. The choice is yours. 

† † † † †

Kara stood on the balcony of her bedroom, staring out into the early morning on a world she didn't recognise.

For her, chasing her ex-friend and ex-lover Jennifer Raven into some strange, extra dimensional cave then being captured and forced to watch Jennifer conduct a magical ritual at the behest of some otherworldly master and his four female attendants had all happened just yesterday. For everyone else, though - - her father Sir Arthur, her lover Dexter Ward, her friend and Sir Arthur's maid, Sophie - - it had been eight years ago.

Kara had been gone by her reckoning no more than an hour or so; for the rest of the world, eight years had passed.

She turned at the sound of Sophie stepping out on to the balcony, mugs of fruit flavoured water in her hands, one for each of them - - there was no tea or coffee any more. Kara took her mug and thanked her, the pair of them standing silently for a moment.

"I can't believe it's all changed," Kara said. "Yesterday, everything was normal."

"Yesterday was a long time ago for us, now," Sophie said, not unkindly. Kara slipped her arm around the younger girl's shoulders and pulled her close, kissing the top of her head.

"Thank you for taking care of Dex and my father while I was gone," she said.

"As if I'd do anything else," Sophie said, hugging her back.

"What was it like? When it happened?" Kara asked.

"It was all so quick," Sophie said after a moment. "There was this simultaneous broadcast across TV, the net, everything. It was Miss Raven, telling the world that when they woke up, there'd be some changes and they'd better get ready for it. Of course, no-one knew what to expect but in the space of a day or two - - everything electrical failed. TV, the internet, trains, cars, everything with an electrical component simply didn't work. Following that, people started disappearing, just vanishing into thin air. One minute they were there, the next they're gone.

"Then the other things started showing up, things from fantasy books and films: dragons, centaurs, orcs, trolls. You name it, if it had been in a bad Lord of the Rings rip off, it was out there in the real world. People went ape shit, as you can imagine, but then we all started to lose contact with everyone else - - no phones worked or anything else like that - - so we can only guess that what's happened here with the men has happened all over the world."

"What about the men?" Kara asked.

"They started ageing quicker and more noticeably, those that were left. Injuries took longer to heal, they became despondent and quit more easily. And their sex drives dried up after the first couple of months." Sophie looked at Kara sadly. "As you probably discovered last night."

Kara sighed, her big breasts pushing against her T-shirt as she did. "Yeah. I have to admit I was expecting more than just a cuddle from Dex last night if it's been eight years since he saw me, but that was all I got."

"It's not his fault. There have been rumours since the changeover that Jessica - - Miss Raven, that is - - killed off the men's libido and aged them while doing the opposite for the girls."

Kara looked her father's maid up and down, noting her trim legs, slim waist, flawless features, long hair and, above all, her perfectly firm, round, big tits.

"I have to admit," she said, "for surviving what must have been a rough eight years, you look fantastic."

"Thanks, but it's not just me. Just about every woman I know in the town looks like this."

"You mean they look like Jessica's ideal sex partner?" Kara said. "She's created a world full of big titted horny women and no men to fuck. That must be hell for both sexes."

Sophie paused, sipping at her drink, before smiling shyly up at her friend and boss.

"Well, it might be hell for the men," she said. "but us girls have ways and means of getting laid."

"You mean other girls?" Kara asked with a laugh.

"Not just that," Sophie said. "There's no supermarkets or malls to go to and buy food or clothing. Everything's got to be home grown or home made these days and while I can make what clothing we need from what's left over in the mansion or the things I managed to find before it all went south, I'm no gardener."

"So where's the food come from?" Kara asked.

"There's a tavern in town - - it's not really a pub anymore - - where the owner's willing to barter food and water for sex. I came to an arrangement with him some time ago and he keeps me, Dex and your father supplied with food in return for fucking him once a month."

Kara hugged and kissed her again. "Thank you for doing that. You're a true friend," she said before pausing, frowning as a thought struck her. "You said all the men had lost their sex drives."

Sophie shrugged. "The tavern owner's an orc," she said. "All those fantasy creatures that turned up after the change? They're all willing fuck the hell out of us horny, big titted women," she said with a laugh.

"Oh my god," Kara said in astonishment. "You've fucked an orc?" She paused for a second. During the previous few weeks - - from her perspective - - she'd been fucked by a red mist, gangbanged by four magically created creatures, escaped from a prison by fucking a blue skinned troll, and been double fucked by the tentacles of a clear, gel-like blob. She was hardly one to judge or be shocked, she realised.

"You do what you need to," Sophie said with a shrug. "Plus he's got a really big cock," she added with a grin.

"If we can't get a cure for Dex, I might need to pay him a visit with you," Kara said. She thought for a moment, the pair of them looking out over the grounds of Lofts Manor to the wild and, for Kara, unknown countryside beyond. "Do you think there's a way of getting things back to what they were?" she asked eventually.

"You always hear rumours, people who are looking for some way of getting things back to how it used to be, hunting for one magical artefact or another. The trouble with that is the Realms." At Kara's puzzled look, Sophie explained. "The whole world's been cut up into Realms, some a few square miles big, others the size of countries apparently. No-one's really quite sure, but you definitely need a Talisman to move from one to another."

"A Talisman?"

Sophie nodded. "Something magical that lets you pass the barriers between Realms. I don't have one," she said, stopping her friend's obvious question, "but I've asked around in the past after I hit the barrier between this Realm and the next one. It's about ten miles north; you get so far and it's like a shimmering glass wall which you can't break through, no matter what you do."

Kara stood and thought, finishing her fruit drink. "So there might be things out there that can change the world back, but we need a Talisman to explore the world before we can find them?"

"That's pretty much it," Sophie said then paused. "Wait, are you planning to try and do this?"

"Why not? Unless you want to stay like this, we have to take whatever chance we can."

Sophie hugged her tightly and kissed her lovingly on the lips, their tongues slipping into each other's mouths, their huge tits squashing together.

"God I've missed you," Sophie said. "I never had the courage to try and find a Talisman, let alone head out into the world."

"Oh Sophie, you've done all I could ask, looking after Dex and my father. Come with me to that tavern and introduce me to your orc friend; he's as good a place to start as any."

† † † † †

The walk to the tavern was through a land that Kara barely recognised. She recognised some of the landmarks she'd grown up around - - a standing stone that had been in the centre of the village green since Roman times was still there and the large oak tree that had been at the head of the park was as impressive as ever - - but so much more had changed or gone entirely. Most of the buildings had gone as if they had never been there; only the centuries old remained and they now looked their age more than ever.

Nature had run wild - - plant life was everywhere and the way into the town - - once a wide, well travelled road - - was no little more than a dirt track, grass and trees encroaching on to it with almost every step. Animals were everywhere, too, though while rabbits, squirrels and birds ran or flew nervously away from them, other, bigger creatures weren't so wary. A large, fur covered animal that looked like a cross between a bear and a horse leaned against a tree set back from the road and watched them pass with obvious intelligence in its eyes; a small group of dwarf-like creatures followed them for a while, giggling and running each time Kara or Sophie looked back at them; and, as they approached the large gap in the wooden wall that had been built around the town, Kara saw what was clearly a unicorn watching them, an obvious smile on its face as it slid its tongue out of its mouth and licked its lips.

The townspeople had also changed as Sophie had said. There were a few men around, but all of them looked old before their time and they barely looked at Kara and Sophie as they passed by. Moving around the town alongside them were the things from fantasy novels that Sophie had told her about. Green skinned orcs - - looking like burly men but with slightly pig nosed faces - - and smaller, paler goblins whose heads seemed oversized for their bodies. Tall, waif like Elves with pointed ears and either ivory white or jet black skin. Bearded dwarfs in armour carrying large hammers. Some of the creatures were on horseback - - or at least things that looked like horses - - and most of them carried swords, hammers or some other weapon.

Unlike the men of the town, all of them watched and leered at Sophie and Kara as they walked through the street.

It wasn't just them that they looked at, though. The women of the town who went about their day received the same attention and it was easy to understand why. Kara didn't see a single woman who didn't possess a body that - - in the old world - - most men would have killed to see. All of them, young and old, black and white, redhead, brunette or blonde, all shared the same fantastic figure that Kara and Sophie did. Long legs, a trim waist, each of them with gorgeous looks and long hair and, sitting proud on every chest, a pair of huge, round tits. Whether they were dressed in simple, homemade smocks that were little more than pieces of cloth folded in half and draped over them with a hole for their head, or more elaborate dresses with bodices that pushed their tits up and together forming tempting cleavages, they couldn't hide their more than ample charms.

"My god," Kara whispered. "It's like walking into a porn version of Lord of the Rings."

"That's not a million miles from the truth," Sophie said. "Like you said earlier, Miss Raven has created a world filled with women who look like her ideal sex partner - - you, in essence - - and has given us the cast of a fantasy novel to get it on with."

They entered the tavern - - a rustic, wooden building with an earthen floor strewn with sawdust, that replaced the modern pub Kara remembered - - and were greeted by a friendly cheer from the bar.

"Miss Sophie!" cried the large, green skinned orc who wore an apron around his trim, muscular belly and, it seemed, little else. "Back so soon, and with a new, lovely friend."

"Hello Quenton," Sophie said, taking Kara's hand and leading her through the already busy tavern toward the bar. Kara jumped as she was openly groped by a pair of orcs as she walked by, shooting them a stern look but judging it wiser to remain silent until she had a better grasp of the situation.

"Who is this lovely lady?" Quenton, the orc barman, said, looking Kara up and down.

"This is Kara, my friend," Sophie said.

Kara was a little surprised when Quenton reached out and took her hand, holding it up to his thin lips and kissing it.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Kara," he said. His voice was rough and gravelly, but his eyes were kind and intelligent. Despite the slight piggishness of his nose, he wasn't a bad looking creature.

"Thank you. Likewise," she said.

"Quenton, we've got a favour to ask," Sophie said quietly. "Can we go out the back for a minute?"

"Sure," he said. He turned to a smaller orc stood at the other end of the bar and barked something in his own language. "Come on," he said to Sophie and Kara and led them through a door to a room behind the main bar area. Several large chairs were dotted around the place and in each of them was a semi- or totally naked busty woman having sex with an orc, a goblin or dwarf. On one large, beaten up old sofa one of the girls was being spit-roasted by a goblin at her head and an orc at her pussy. Moans and grunts of pleasure filled the room.

"I'm not the only one Quenton helps out for a price," Sophie whispered.

The orc led them through to another, smaller room that clearly acted as his office - - a simple desk with a chair either side. He sat on one, indicating the women to the other. Sophie let Kara sit while she stood behind her.

"So, what can I do for you?" Quenton asked.

"Sophie tells me we need a Talisman to move from one Realm to another," Kara said simply. "We were hoping you might be able to tell us where we can get one."

"A Talisman? Shit, they're not exactly given away," Quenton growled.

"But you can get one?"

"No, not me," he said. "I'm just a barkeeper who likes to help out the ladies when I can. Talismans are a whole different level to the shit I get involved in."

"Damn," Sophie said. "Any idea who we need to talk to?"

The orc shrugged, his muscular shoulders rolling. "Hrrrrrnnnn - - I guess you need to speak to the Mayor," he said after some thought.

"Ah, shit," Sophie said in disappointment.

"What's wrong with seeing the Mayor?" Kara asked.

"He doesn't get out much," the orc said with a laugh, more at his own thoughts than the women's predicament.

"The Mayor's been dead for about four years," Sophie explained. "Doesn't stop him running the place but it makes negotiating with him a very, very slow process."

"The Mayor's a zombie?" Kara asked in surprise.

"He's a living corpse, apparently," Sophie said. "I'm not sure what the real, technical difference is, but he doesn't like the Z word according to his aides."

"Sure, don't want to hurt the undead Mayor's feelings," Kara said before turning back to Quenton. "Is there any way of getting to see him?"

"Thinking about things, I know someone in the Mayor's office who owes me a favour," Quenton said. "I might be able to help you after all." He stared at their bulging chests. "For a price, of course."

Sophie smiled and started walking around the desk. "Yeah, I figured you'd want something in return," she said.

"Ah-ah, Miss Sophie," he said, holding up a hand. "This favour's for your friend, Kara. It's only fair she gets to pay, too."

Kara wasn't really surprised at his demand nor, if she was honest with herself, was she unhappy about it.

"My first orc," she said with a smile, standing up and joining Sophie on Quenton's side of the desk. They both knelt beside him as Sophie lifted the apron covering his groin, revealing that it was, after all, his only piece of clothing. "Mmm, you were right, Sophie," Kara said, taking hold of his rapidly stiffening dick. "That is a really big cock."

Sophie's hand joined hers and the pair of them stroked his long, thick, green cock, the shiny knob dribbling a pale milky stream of pre-cum which they used to lubricate their double hand-job.

Quenton took hold of their heads and pushed them closer to his cock. Kara and Sophie stuck out their tongues, licking and lapping at his prick, spit adding to the lube on their hands as they continued jerking him off. Their lips met his green pole and they kissed up and down his length, tongues lashing around his girth and meeting now and then. They moved up, sucking at his apple-green knob, kissing around it, swapping it from one to the other as it continued to leak pre-cum.

"Mmmm, you taste good," Kara said, looking up at the orc, lapping up a thick stream of pre-cum. She turned to Sophie, her tongue out, the pale liquid starting to drip from it. Sophie moved forward quickly and kissed her, the pair of them noisily swapping his fluid between them. She reached down to Kara's waist and pulled her T-shirt up and over her huge tits, pushing Quenton's thick cock between them. The orc grunted in pleasure and began moving his hips, sliding his slippery fuck meat up and down between Kara's firm mounds, watching as she grabbed Sophie's loose shirt and did the same to her, freeing her big jugs.

"Fucking love big tits," Quenton growled, filling his hands with Sophie's huge mounds. Despite the size of his hands, he was unable to capture all of them, her taut flesh spilling out between his fingers.

The two women stopped kissing and again turned to his cock, sliding it out from Kara's cleavage and easing it into Sophie's, the orc wrapping her big mounds around his length, helping her tit fuck him. Kara bent over and sucked and slurped at his knob, dribbling spit into Sophie's cleavage which acted as lube as he fucked her tits.

"Would you like to fuck your first orc, Miss Kara?" Quenton said.

Kara looked up and grinned but before she could say a word, the office door burst open and two huge, grey-skinned hulking trolls rushed in, followed by a smaller goblin, his face disfigured by a large scar that covered most of his right cheek.

"Seize the women!" the goblin squeaked in a high pitched voice.

"What the fuck?" Kara managed before she was grabbed round the waist by one of the trolls and flipped over his shoulder, her head and torso dangling down his back, her legs down his front. Sophie shrieked as the second troll did the same to her.

"Gereck? What the hell's going on?" Quenton demanded of the goblin. "These women are my guests."

"These women are wanted by the Mayor," Gereck the goblin whined. "Be glad you're not charged with helping known criminals."

"What are you talking about?" Kara shouted, pounding on the troll's back. "We're not criminals!"

"That's not what the Mayor says," the goblin cried, heading out the door, the trolls following him, carrying their prisoners with them.

"Quenton! Help us!" Sophie cried.

"I'm sorry, Miss Sophie," Quenton said from his chair. "I can't go against the Mayor." He watched them leave and stroked his still hard dick. "Ten more minutes. That's all I would have needed," he said sadly.

† † † † †

Kara and Sophie were unceremoniously carried through the town's streets to a large stone building near the centre which was full of goblins running here and there, papers in their hands, all of them shrieking in their high pitched voices. The trolls ignored them and followed Gereck, carrying the women into a large reception room before placing them - - with more care than Kara expected - - on to a long sofa, one at each end, before moving back and standing guard at the double doors they'd come through.

As they pulled their shirts down, Kara and Sophie looked around themselves, taking stock of where they were. In front of them was another sofa, identical to the red velvet one they sat on, a large rug made from the skin and fur of some animal between them. Dotted around the room on the otherwise bare wooden floor were statues of animals, some small and recognisable - - a pair of cats in one corner, a pig in another - - some larger and similar to the real world - - a large dog sat on its hind legs next to the sofa opposite them while large bat wings spread out from its back, and on another wall a three headed snake sat coiled - - and two huge ones of things she'd never see - - a winged serpent sliding up the wall, a five horned lizard crouching against another.
