 The last few weeks was a study in heaven and hell. 

Things were tense at the shop waiting for the other shoe to drop but I noticed that the group seems to have just plain abandoned the area—their space was for rent and the number on the flyer was disconnected. I had no clue of they had flown the coop or just gone further underground and were still in the area. I had small cameras at home and around the shop now, and done what I could to track phone calls and see if anyone was snooping on my network and so on... but nothing ever triggered. I would relax but for the antenna vans cruising by every week or so.

Things at home, however, were heavenly. We had a private dinner when Karina declared herself 'done'. She was fabulous! She was nearly as tall as I am—an inch or so under six feet. She had the long, lean torso of an athlete, but the breasts, hips, and buttocks of a porn version of a sex goddess. We had to go to a specialty store for her 36F bras. Her hair was a riotous tumble of shoulder-length flames. Her eyes were huge and a sparkling green, and her mouth looked petite and angelic but had plump red lips. I had introduced her to "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" and we cobbled together a costume for her that made me just want to immediately rip it off. I had also introduced her to Bianca Beauchamp porn and she fell in love with latex.

Outside of a huge appetite while she was changing, she did not cost me much. She was as happy with things purchased from a thrift shop a town away as she was from things from the fashion mall the other direction. Her specialty bras and a couple of her costumes were a bit dear, but she took excellent care of our things and she really did not need them much for her uber-firm tits so it was a good investment.

Between her programming and the internet, she had become a very good cook and I was soon eating healthy meals three times a day. I was also in better shape because we got a lot of exercise in the sack and she worked out with me a few times a week. I was getting decent at yoga just because I used her as a focus. it was a lot of fun to watch her move in skimpy clothing.

She also flat out loved sex. I had yet to find a request she would even hesitate fulfilling. We would go out, and she would play with my cock with her foot, or if we sat next to each other at a movie or something, she would openly jack me off or open wide if I even hinted I wanted to finger her. She asked me to use her tight bottom, which I did not enjoy quite as much as she did, and she loved it when I would tie her up a little or spank her. BDSM was not really my thing, but playing on the edges of it added spice to an already sizzling hot situation.

We did discover that Karina is basically addicted to me, or at least to my sperm. the longer she went without skin-on-skin contact, or without some of my fresh sperm on or in her in some way, the worse she felt. The symptoms started mild—a vague discomfort or uneasiness that began about five to eight hours after her last contact. A headache would develop later along with a certain queasiness after about eight to ten hours. She would become sad, mopey, or even fearful a while after that. If she went about a day without it, she would feel something like a bad flu—chills, feverish, muscle aches, and depression. We assume things would get worse from here but we never pushed it.

We were fucking in one of her favorite positions—she was leaned against a wall on one long leg and I was standing on some books for a better angle and fucking up into her as she laid her other laid up along her head or hooked over my shoulder. We could only keep this up for a little while before we transitioned (or fell) into the bed. I was about to move her when she asked why we did not go out more.

Women. Worst possible times for questions, right? I collapsed on the floor and she sat beside me, nuzzling me as she repeated her question.

"We go out. We go out about every week."

She pouted. "Those are nice, but we always drive so far. I want to be able to see you at work, or meet you for lunch, or walk to a neighborhood diner and things like that, like lovers do. None of the neighbors know me, and I cannot make friends if we stay hidden in this apartment." It did not occur to me how lonely she was, but she also knew my fears. "Could... Master, could we move?"

That sparked a long conversation about the shop and how little it really paid anymore, what else I could do, how much money we really had on hand (it was more than I thought—I had been pretty frugal the last several years), and where we could go. I did not have a lot of family or friends, and she obviously had none other than her mom and sister in Russia that she had not seen for years.

A couple months later and we were living in a decent-sized Mid-western town almost an hour away from a real city. I was the newly ensconced assistant manager at an independent computer shop (the place you went in the area when the stuff you bought at the Big Box Electronic store or Wally World needed help.) Karina was going by 'Elena' now—still a common Russian name, and similar to hers, but hopefully different enough to throw off any pursuers. Elena wanted to get a job as well, but had few marketable skills and no paperwork so we worked on ideas that let her work from home.

It was like someone dialed her up to eleven! She nearly exploded with sexual energy. We were having sex in front of open windows, or in a fenced back yard, or in the car in the driveway at night. She seemed to love semi-public sex! As we shopped more openly, it also turned out she loved to dress to show off her body. She liked blouses that were a bit small or revealing, skirts that were a bit short, and so on. With her tall, overdeveloped body, it was actually easy for her to find things like this by just buying stuff for more typically-sized women.

She knew all of our neighbors for a block around, and had already hosted a couple parties—she had a real flair for people and entertaining on a tight budget, and had fallen in love with sites like Pinterest and such. It was amusing to watch guys (and some of the women) speculate on whether she was wearing panties, or if she shaved down there, etc. (For the record, no and yes. In fact, I found I really enjoyed helping her stay clean-shaven.) It was not long before it was like we had been born there and she was accepted as my live-in long-time girlfriend. I was also doing a ton of free tech support for neighbors and discovered I sort of loved doing it.

We went out to do something several times a week. Sure, most of it was stuff like free lectures, cheap bowling, hanging at a neighborhood bar, and movies in the park but we also had more typical dates—movies, dinner, dancing...

It was on a dancing date that I noticed something that had been nagging at me for a while. She casually but very lightly flirted with other guys, but she was noticeably more aggressive when flirting with other women. I could not figure out what her pattern was. She would dance with an attractive woman, then spend real time with a wallflower.

At first, I just thought Elena was being nice—you know, showing kindness to girls that reminded her of her from before... but it was more than that. Sometimes she invited these women to our table and it would seem like she was trying to gauge my reaction to them. Not so much whether I was attracted to their looks (they were usually not people I would pay much attention to myself, especially with Elena in my life), but more like she was looking for some sort of other kind of chemistry. The more I found myself engaging with the other girl, the more Elena seemed to like it.

She found Mary Winston one night when we were out eating. She was dining alone and the ever-gregarious Elena invited her over to our table. 

Mary was a little younger than us, and about as country plain as they come. Round face, dull brown hair, some pudginess... sitting beside Elena, she looked like another species. She was very shy at first, but Elena got her out of her shell and we were soon laughing and joking like we'd know each other forever.

A few nights later, Mary was at our house for supper. It was a perfectly pleasant night and we had old-fashioned chocolate malteds afterwards. After having her over for supper a couple times a week for a month, Elena asked Mary to stay over on one stormy night. We had a spare room, so that was not a problem, but it seemed very odd to me that Elena spent most of the rest of the night with Mary. I could not resist listening at the door at one point only to hear a lot of moaning. Well, I always knew Elena was a sexy and sex-loving woman. It did not really bother me if she wanted to 'play' with Mary. It was a bit lonely in bed, but I figured Mary must need her more than I do.

A really big shoe dropped at breakfast the next morning. A somewhat skinnier and somehow cuter Mary was helping Elena cook breakfast and both were only wearing panties, heels, and aprons. When they heard me at the door, the both charged me, squealing 'Master!'

"What the..." was all I could get out before being bowled over as the two flipped off their aprons and treated me to two gigantic and two small but perky breasts and erect nipples. Mary was kissing me all over as I pushed Elena back a little to catch my breath and gasp out "What the hell is going on?"

"I made you a new slave, Master! Just like you wanted." Huh? It took a few minutes to get the outline of the story and I had to order the two to the couch across from me so I could think.

"Why would you think I wanted another slave?"

"Why, it is obvious that every Master deserves as many beautiful, devoted slaves as he can support. Since things were going well for us, it was time to add another woman for you, Master."

"But Elena, I did not want my first slave, as wonderful as you have turned out to be. Have I said or done anything to make you think I wanted another slave?"

Elena's beautiful face scrunched in concentration—oddly, one of my favorite looks on her. "N... no, Master, not that I can think of, but it is right and proper, and it is my job as your first to find more for you."

"Could this be something you were programmed to believe?" She agreed it could have been. When I asked how she did it, she told me she had been expressing and collecting milk from her breasts. She then fed it to Mary every chance she got—the malted's, sauces, the cream in her tea, and more. In a blinding flash of hindsight I remembered that Elena always made us malteds when Mary came over. When I asked, Karina hastened to assure me that her nanites would have little effect on me.

"What do you mean 'little effect'?" I asked, worried.

"Why, Master. With two women, you need to be able to pleasure us both, so your nanites will increase your virility and stamina. and maybe enlarge your tool so you get more pleasure."

That did not sound horrible, but still... "Any changes to my personality or anything?"

"Not that I know of, Master." Elena answered, eyes downcast.

It was at this point that I noticed Mary sitting there, mostly naked, crying softly. "Mary, what's the matter?"

"You don't want me!" I hastened over to her to assure her that I wanted her, I was just surprised. She looked at me with puppy dog eyes and stutter-cried. "E... Elena and I worked... worked so hard to find a Template you would like, and one that would work fast for me. We thought you'd be... you'd be... you'd be happy!" And she sobbed some more.

I wrapped her up in my arms, trying to ignore her soft skin or her warm breasts, or the fact she smelled like wildflowers in the sun. I just let her sob against me as I stroked her hair and felt her hot tears on my shirt. I kept reassuring her that I wanted her until she began to look at my face, and suddenly we were kissing... and she was really good at it.

It took a couple days to get my ducks in a row. They showed me the Template they came up with for Mary and it was... wow! Elena was well aware of my tastes and what I used to look at or download a lot. She took that knowledge, combined it with what Mary looked like, and settled on a design that drew heavily from Lucy Pinder to create an adorable teen-looking girl with a model's face and a wet-dreams body with very ripe but not -quite—'over-the-top' boobs. She looked a little like a busty version of Mary Tyler Moore as Laura Petrie from one of my favorite old shows—"The Dick Van Dyke Show". She was going to be fantastic... and therein lay a problem.

Pretty much everyone in this town knew or at least knew of each other and many of our neighbors knew Mary. We had to do something. While she still looked a lot like herself, we set things up so she would seem to move back to her folk's house on the west coast, and we took a road trip to help her 'move'. In reality, we took a cabin near Colorado Springs and had a vacation while the nanites did their jobs.

We met with a series of lawyers and others in the city to get Mary's name and ID's changed under the pretext of getting cosmetic surgery and trying to 'start over' under the name of Julie Anderson. (I took the liberty of changing my name as well, from Jeffery Donald Young to Daniel Jefferson—keeping parts of my old name so I would respond at least semi-naturally when someone called me.)

A different lawyer was incredibly helpful getting temporary ID for Elena under some possibly shady combination of refugee, immigration, and slave trade policies. On his advice, we took a side trip to get married in a state with lenient laws to further help establish her identity. I'd been thinking along these lines anyway so it was not a big surprise. It was a small civil ceremony, obviously, but the three of us celebrated the hell out of it.

By this stage, Mary, now Julie, was mostly done with her changes. She looked like jailbait when she dressed in her favorite 'hot teen' outfits—all long tan legs, bubbly butt, bountiful breasts, and windblown brunette hair. Sometimes she would dress in toreador pants and push her resemblance to Laura to get a rise out of me.

After our wedding, I ran the girls back to the cabin to clean up while I made a supplies run. When I got back to the place, Julie was leaning on a fence post in her full western get-up. Her devious little mind often had her dressing like a hot cowgirl since we were in the west. Her jeans were often cut so short the pockets would have stuck out had she not cut them as well. She often wore a red checked shirt tied under her bouncing breasts, tall cowboy boots, and a cowboy hat. She usually had a bandanna stuck somewhere and affected an adorkable western drawl—often while chewing a piece of hay or something.

She tipped her hat down to greet me. "Howdy, stud. Nice spread you got here. I hear ya'll gotta filly needs breaking. Was wonderin' if ya'll might be hiring some help for that?"

I looked her over. Elena was a full-blown sex goddess, but damn if Julie was not the hottest little thing in that outfit. "You got any experience with that? Maybe some references?"

"I gotta couple great references right here." She hefted her breasts so the nipples poked out of the gingham top.

"Yeah, you might just have what it takes. You're hired. Come on in."

I linked arms with her and we went inside the small rustic cabin we'd been hiding out in. It only had a few rooms but the two girls kept it sparklingly clean. (My jobs were mostly taking out the trash, cutting firewood, and dealing with the spiders.) There was a table set up, fresh locally collected wildflowers set all around, and some quiet music playing, but no sign of Elena. I was about to call out when Julie shushed me and pointed to a ribbon tied around the bedroom door knob.

"I reckon I'll rustle us up some grub while you get started. Ya'll just holler out if you need some help, K?" She kissed me on the cheek and took the bags into the kitchen.

The small bedroom was lit by the sun streaming through colorful scarves and more scarves were draped over a couple lamps. Candles might have been more romantic, but between not having many and the dry wood of the cabin, this was a perfect alternative.

Elena was sitting on the bed in the outfit she married me in, bits and pieces scrounged at consignment and thrift shops. A short white veil hung to her shoulders atop her simple updo hairstyle. A low cut white lacy blouse displayed her swan's neck, alabaster shoulders, and the tops of her creamy breasts with a mile of deep cleavage. A long white skirt of some sort of lightly shimmering material with a bit of a train had a slit on one side that let her long leg play peek-a-boo when we walked into the Justice of the Peace's office and drove me to distraction. She was holding the bouquet of wildflowers Julie made for her and I knew she had glossy white stockings with blue garters from the peeks I got earlier.

I just stood there for a long moment, taking her all in. Then I strode up to her, pulled her up and kissed her harder than I have ever kissed a woman before. She wrapped her arms around me and moaned into my mouth as we hugged for an eternity. Then, as if on its own, my tongue sought hers out and my hands untucked her blouse and began to slide on her smooth, warm back.

The pitch and tones of her moaning changed and she unbuttoned my simple white dress shirt as I undid the tiny buttons her her blouse. We flung the other's top towards a side chair and I just rubbed my hands over her back and sides as we hugged again, crushing her large bra-encased breasts against my chest. I fumbled for the hook and worked the overloaded garment off, tossing it aside as well.

Her nipples were fully ripened and dragging on my chest as she began to fumble with my belt and navy slacks. Sliding her dress off her wide hips and down her long legs was much easier and she thoughtlessly stepped out of it and kicked it aside even as she began to drag my slacks down. I kicked off my shoes and slacks and we hugged again, this time my lower hardness pressing against her.

She wriggled her hip against my still-hidden shaft, which had grown another couple inches thanks to her machinations, so I pushed her on the bed and grabbed her lacy panties with my teeth and began to drag them off her.

It would have worked better had they not gotten hung up in the garter belt and stockings. I was growling and acting all silly as I tried to get them unstuck, making Elena laugh and Julie stick her head in wondering what was going on.

Elena nodded towards me, still laughing. Julie tisked and set to helping me out. Staying in the dumb character I chose, I barked and snapped at her so she slapped me on the nose. She unhooked the uncooperative panties, asking if I needed any more help. I shook my head and went back to work.

She asked Elena if she needed help. Elena indicated that I still had my underwear and socks on so Julie slipped them off me with long sliding motions that felt wonderful. She gave my junk a quick jiggle and kissed both of us before stepping back out.

I was between Elena's long stocking-covered legs, looking at her beautiful cunny. She had the kind that closed to just a ripply line in an otherwise almost smooth groin with just a hint of additional pinkness along the edges. There was a neatly trimmed patch of red hair above it. I was intimately familiar with every millimeter of her delightful delights and I still loved to just look at it and smell it. 

I began to lick the outer lips lightly, making her tummy ripple and her hips squirm just a little. Then I ran the tip of my tongue down the center, making them part almost like I was unzipping her. The bulb of her clit was just visible at this early stage and I nuzzled it gently—just to let it know I knew it was there.

I slipped my hands under Elena's thighs and settled in for a long feast. I used every trick in my arsenal—licking the alphabet, alternating a broad and pointed tongue, using my nose and chin, lightly chewing on the lips and rubbing my teeth on her clit. One of the many delightful things about Elena was that she was deliciously responsive and her tasty juices ebbed and flowed, and occasionally spurted, into my waiting mouth as she rose to several yelping climaxes.
