 Lolita immediately ducked behind a tree as a group of men passed her by. Just her luck. That was the fourth party she had to avoid that day. All this running and hiding was wearing down her nerves. Not to mention that her black cloak was practically sweltering in the summer heat. The rumors about a powerful wizard living nearby better be true. Knowing her luck, however, she may find it was another hoax and they didn't actually have magical powers or it was a trap by some kind of horrifying person who wanted to do unspeakable things to his victims. She wasn't sure which was worse.

Once she was certain that they were out of sight, she popped out of her hiding spot and continued on her way. Following the path, she found herself standing in front of a hut. At first glance, it looked nothing special. It was just a hut. There was nothing to it. Lolita had long since learned that there was more to it than meets the eye. Or at least she hoped so. Without hesitation, she knocked on the door. There was no response from what she could tell with her ear pressed against the surface of the door. When she raised her hand to do it a second time, the door swung open.

"Come in."

Well, that certainly wasn't foreboding whatsoever, but she couldn't turn away now. Not when there was a chance she can be freed from the god awful curse. Stepping through, she didn't react when the door closed behind her. A quick look around revealed it was just as small as it had appeared from the outside. Clutter littered the floor, making it difficult to navigate. A robed figure stared at her from its seat at a circular table as she made her way towards it. This had to be the wizard she was looking for.

"Hello, I'm here to seek advice from the great wizard."

"What is it that you seek child?"

She gnashed her teeth together at the insult. She was no child. She hadn't been a child in years. "I wish to have a curse on my person removed."

"Have a seat. Tell me more about this curse."

Taking the indicated seat, she couldn't bear the heat any longer and pulled her hood off revealing short, brown hair. She grimaced at the sweat that clung to her skin and wiped some of it off with the back of her hand. Her brown eyes stared at the wizard as she went into her story. Lolita had once been a normal farm girl. She never wanted or desired anything beyond her station. That all changed when she had reached adulthood. When she woke that morning, something had changed. Her father and brothers who never treated her anything more than a daughter and sister stared at her with lust filled eyes.

Even though it disgusted her that her own family, she was mortified to find herself becoming aroused at the thought of laying with them. She turned to her mother who shamefully told her of the family curse. One of their ancestors had angered a malevolent witch by seducing her lover. In retaliation, she cursed all the women in her family to be plain looking but would draw the eyes of every male creature in existence once they reached adulthood. It matter not if they were family or animals. They would constantly be targeted and forced to have sex.

What made it even more despicable was the women were made to enjoy it. They would feel no pain and their bodies would always be prepared for sex proven by how wet she already was. At least, the witch didn't also add pain or death to the curse. The idea of not only being raped but killed made her ill. When she asked her mother why she didn't seem affected by the curse, she was forced to face her ignorance. Her mother hadn't escaped the curse at all. She was the town's slut. Once a boy became a man, she was the first person they lost their virginity.

Unable to accept such a fate, she fled from her town before they could force her to follow her mother's fate. There had to be a powerful wizard or witch who would be willing to remove the curse from her. Unfortunately, without any currency, she had been forced to do the one thing she was trying to escape from. She sold her body for food, shelter, and information. She barely remembered the first man she bedded, but she remembered how he had eyes her when she first stepped into the inn. He had been a big man, easily towering over her. Taking her aside, he promised her a place to stay in exchange for sex. She couldn't refuse.

He pushed her into the back, away from prying eyes which she had been grateful for. His breath had reeked off alcohol as he kissed her. His hands had fumbled with her clothes until she was left naked. Spreading her legs open, she had to expose her shameful sopping wet cunt. Without warning, he slammed his cock into her pussy. She gasped as she felt him stretch her. There was no pain and she found herself overcome with an intense pleasure she had never felt before. She came. Her mind barely recovered before he started plowing into her mercilessly.

Her walls tightened and she squealed as she wrapped her legs around his waist. The head of his dick was hitting the entrance of her womb with such intensity she thought she would faint. That was another part of the curse. The women wouldn't be allowed the peacefulness of sleep or unconsciousness during sex. It was to keep them from escaping the pleasure. She wasn't sure how long they had rutted, but it had to be hours and her cunt overflowed with his seed. Another unfortunate part of the curse made any contraceptives useless. Not only that, but they were made extremely fertile.

She had spent many days searching and fucking until she finally reached her current destination. Now she was hoping he would be the one to relieve her from her torment. Lolita was going crazy from all the sex she was forced to endure. Sometimes she thought she didn't want to break the curse and such thoughts frightened her. Was she going crazy? He said nothing and with his hood still up, she couldn't read his expression. She dearly hoped he could help her. Otherwise, she would have to go back on the road once again to look for a new trail to follow.

"I'm sorry, but even with my power, this kind of curse is beyond my abilities. If it was simply cursing your family to look plain or take attract the opposite sex, I could remove it with ease. However, I have never heard of such a spell with so many effects. I could still attempt, but it would take a lot of research and even then, I wouldn't suggest it."

Of course he couldn't do it. Just like all the previous ones. "Thank you for help. Can you at least point me to someone they can help?"

"I do have a few people in mind. I can provide you a list."

"That would be helpful."

"There is one more thing. Regarding the payment..."

Her heart raced. She forgot that she would need to pay for his services. While she did carry many gold coins on her person, she had a feeling that he wanted something else from her. Not that she could blame him. As she had relayed her story, she had felt herself growing wetter by the second. She might have came a few times especially when she relayed her experience with tentacle monster. That had been an extremely hot and exciting experience for her. The best part was when she managed to trick the monster into a contract so she could call it whenever she needed help.

Parting his robes, he revealed his erect member. It was a pretty average cock. Nothing too big but not too small either. Getting down on her knees, she opened her mouth and swallowed it with ease. She groaned as her nose buried into his public hair. The scent of sweat and filth greeted her. She could taste the fact he hadn't bathed recently, but she paid no mind to that. She had endured far worse before. Running her tongue along the slit, she used one hand to fondle his balls while her other reached down to tease her aching clit.

Disappointingly, he came fairly quick before she could get herself off and she swallowed down every drop. Milking out the few remaining drops, she released his dick with a wet pop. It didn't look like he would be getting hard again any time soon. She wondered if that was why the witch's lover cheated on her. Witches and wizards weren't very good lovers it seemed. Not that she cared or anything. She wanted to break the sex curse not encourage it. Despite how much her cunt ached, she got back on her feet as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.

"Here are the names of all the people I know and where to find them."

"Thank you," she said as she accepted the paper.

As she was about to leave, she heard a cough. She turned to look at the wizard. "Seeing as you came all this way and still haven't found what you're looking for, it would be rude of me to send you off so quickly. You're free to stay here for as long as you like."

She should be getting going. There was no point staying there any longer now that she had a new hint to follow. That was unless she wanted to accept his earlier offer to try to break the curse. It wasn't like he could make it any worse right? No, she shouldn't think that way. Bad luck was part of the witch's curse. It was what made it possible for her to get into half the scenarios she got into before she was fucked senselessly. It wasn't like he was really going to be letting her stay for free. Lolita already had an idea of what he wanted in return for letting her stay. She should just get a move on.

Instead, she smiled and said, "I don't mind staying a bit longer."