 Kassie walked a few miles out of town, cold and trying not to regret her decision. She left Alex's house with only the clothes on her back; not really the best idea she's had but necessity meant getting the hell out of there before he woke up. Of course, he, also wasn't one of her better decisions. 

The sun was sinking fast and so was the temperature. She needed to find some where to go soon. In her rush to leave, her phone charger took the hit along with any of her stuff.

Desperation getting the best of her, she needed to choose between going to a house looking for help, or to just hide out for the night. She's been walking for about 6 hours and who knows how far she'd gone.

Nightfall has taken over any little bit of visibility she had; she needed to go to the next house. 

Another mile or so down the road, she came up to a house that looks like a good choice. Huge with lots of lights on. Assuming someone was home she went to the front door. A few rings of the bell and no answer; feeling a little defeated, she looks for a way in to at least get warm. No luck with any of the doors, she found a side window unlocked. 

"Wow, this place is pretty nice." She whispers to herself. Immediately, she looks for the kitchen. Snagging a quick snack and exploring the rest of the house while she could. The first room she found was the master bedroom.

"Holy shit, this is freaking huge! Oh my god, this bathroom is amazing." 

Immediately, she looks for a towel to take a quick shower. Stripping naked and still cold from her walk, the hot water was just what she needed.

She lets the water pour over her face; as if to wash away her lousy day. Her hands caressing her hips, up to her breasts. Her nipples still erect, but they almost always were. Feeling dangerous, she grabs the shower head down to adjust the massage setting to pulsating. She props her foot up on the side of the tub and leans on the wall. Skimming the jets of water around her clit. 

Got to love the power behind a good shower head she smiles to herself. Holding her lips open, oscillating the water over her swollen clit. With this kind of power, she knew she'd be quick to cum.

Squeezing her nipples, pulling them... Her thighs begin to quiver as her orgasm builds, forcing her to slip down to the shower bench. She should've known she'd end up sitting. She never could cum standing up. She finishes her shower and digs quickly through the closet for something to wear.

The utility room was where she found the surprise; two androids standing, lifeless.

"Who is this person and what the hell are these life-like female robots for?" Her thought process is shattered by a car door slamming.

"fuck! What should I do??" Panic sets in as she searches for a place to hide. She jumped in line beside the other two androids and hoped she could pass off as one of them.

The back-door creeks open. "Great! I'll check them out! Thanks, Chris! I will let you know how they...work out." He gave a chuckle.

"You bet, talk to ya later." He set his keys and phone down on the counter and peeked in the utility closet.

Startled for a half a second, "Man, they look so real!" He flips the light on to get a closer look.

Kassie's heart is pounding, scared she is going to get caught in some stranger's house. She watches in horror as he looks them all over, tugging at their clothes and touching them. He comes up to Kassie. He looks puzzled for a moment, looks her up and down, pulled up her t-shirt.

"This one has nice tits." He feels her up.

"Can't wait to try this one out." He laughed.

Right away, Paul went to check the security cameras. Shaking his head as he watches Kassie break in... eat... shower... And try to hide. He knew something was up, Chris said he only dropped off two androids. 

Expecting her to be gone by the time he went back to the utility room but was surprised to see her still standing there.

"Let's see how these things work." Fiddling with the remote. The first one comes to life and begins walking towards the kitchen programed to clean up.

He programmed the second one to take Kassie's arm and bring her to him. Kassie, scared he knows by now about her charade but follows the female android anyhow. She is lead to the bedroom where Paul is sitting on the bed with the remote. He switches them over to voice command and tells them to undress. They do. Kassie tried her hardest to keep with the robotic movements.

"He has to know I am not one of them by now; he's just testing me to see how far I will go through with this." She thinks to herself.

He looks them both over. "You guys need some names, how about Monica," He points to the real android.

"And I will call you... Heather." He smiled at Kassie.

Paul stands within inches of Monica, fondling her naked body, cupping her breasts. He could feel his cock start to wake.

"I wonder just how real these things feel." He looks down and smiles mischievously. He slowly reaches down to touch the lips between Monica's legs.

"Nice..." Opens them up a little further and slips a finger up in... 

He looks to Heather to test her out next, knowing she's 'real'. Lightly, he circles her hard nipple; no response out of her. Both his hands glide up her ribs and cup her breasts; she stares straight ahead.

"Hmmmm..." He tries harder to get her to acknowledge him by leaning to her and giving her nipple a couple licks and a light sucking. She showed nothing on the outside, but inside, she was fluttering. So, he went to the other one, lightly brushing his lips to her nipple and a harder sucking. Its getting harder for her to ignore his advances. Her clit was now throbbing and wanting more. Her mind is out of control, should she give in and tell him the truth... or should she keep up this disguise? 

While sucking her tits, he let his hands find their way to her ass cheeks; giving them a tight squeeze and pulling them open a bit. He slips to his knees, face is level to her smooth lipped pussy.

"This HAS got to get a rise out her!" thinking to himself.

Opens her lips, looks up at her but no reaction. Flicking his tongue across her swollen clit. "There is no way I can carry this through much longer, this feels really good!" Her thought was interrupted by his tongue stabbing deeper.

"Bend over the bed, both of you." He demanded. Monica did right away. Heather tried to mimic her motions. 

He stood up and abruptly started undoing his pants. He was hard, and was going to fuck one of them... or both, he didn't care which one at this point. His pants dropped to the floor. He stepped toward Monica first. Heather could see his cock out of the corner of her eye.

"There is no way I can do this if he comes after me with that huge thing!" Kassie worried. 

He took a few hard thrusts into Monica just to warm up... He pulled out of Monica, leaving her still bent over the bed. Kassie tried to be still but when he slid his dick into her, she couldn't help but push her hips back. She wanted to feel him... she wanted him to fuck her and it felt unbelievable!

"I knew that'd put an end to this." He laughed a little but kept fucking her... even harder now. Her fingers digging into the bed, she slams her ass back to him.

"There ya go baby, get into it and show me what you've got." She stops. His dick flops out of her and she gets up on the bed, pulling him to her. Both kneeling on the bed, facing each other.

"My name is Kassie." She whispered in between kissing.

"Well, Kassie... I want you to fuck me!" He laid back on the bed.

"Get on!" His cock stood ridged.

Kassie climbed over him, slipping the head of his cock slowly around her pussy lips, teasing by dipping down on it. His hands squeeze her breasts.

"I want inside you!" He pulled her down on his cock, thrusting his hips upwards into her making her eyes roll back in her head.

"Slow..." His hands on her hips. Kassie gyrates her hips, circling, grinding down on him. Her lips glistening against him. Her breasts shine in the moonlight. Hands clenched down on his chest, controlling her speed. She lets out a groan; becoming more frustrated, letting him know she won't last much longer this way. She begged to go faster. Throwing her hair back from her face; her breaths quicken, her thrusting gathers momentum.

"This is so much better than Alex ever did; I don't even know this guy's name or anything about him!" She thought.

His hands found her breasts once again, groping and squeezing more vigorous.

The Monica android began shutting down for lack of use.

"Oh! Well, I'm glad I didn't have to fuck that one!" Paul laughed.

Paul flipped Kassie over to her back, she gasped out of surprise. Grabbing her legs under her knees, he pulled her towards him. He blindly slides his cock into her and continues to fuck her hard, bouncing her off his hips; her tits jerking back and forth. Her fingers interlaced in the sheets, grabbing for leverage. Arching her back and wrapping her legs around his back pulling him closer. 

Kassie opened her eyes, absorbing all of him... His chest was perfectly sculpted, just enough hair to run her fingers through out. His eyes were dark with long eyelashes that women would kill for. His long wavy hair hung down over her, tickling her face as he pushed in. She could get used to this.

She could see excitement start to build in his eyes and the way he clenched his jaw. Wrapping her arms around his shoulders, he sits them both up; face to face, eyes locked and for that moment Kassie forgot her troubles. He erupts into her, squeezing her against him. Throwing her head back, arching her breasts up to him. His fingers tangled in her hair, pulling gently... Her nails digging into his shoulders and back, just trying to hang on. 

He lays his forehead to her shoulder, Kassie's arms hugging around his neck and shoulders. Both trying to catch their breath, relaxing little by little.

"Stay tonight." He whispers to her. "... and tomorrow... we can discuss why you were in my house." Grinning and trying to be funny...

"Maybe I can even send Monica back."