 Katherine walked down the sidewalk with a slight spring in her step. Her last midterm of the year had just ended and she was out of school for winter break. Her breath condensed in front of her due to the cold weather and she wrapped herself tighter in her jacket.

She walked alone, due to the fact that she never tried hard to make connections with anyone. Her parents had sent her to this secluded girls only college in the North-East in the hopes that she would make bonds with the other women there. After one semester, Katherine had made little to no progress on friendships. 

Katherine turned left at the corner of the street and walked three buildings down before arriving at her dorm. It was a big ugly building; grey walls and windows that stretched four stories up into the air. She checked her mailbox and pulled out an envelope and a small box. The envelope had her mom's handwriting and return address on it but the box had nothing on it.

"Hmmm," she said to herself as she walked into the common room.

A few people were already there, tapping away on their phones or watching the television.

"-have shown that there will be record snowfall this year. Remember to stock up on supplies folks, we are in for a long winter. Back to you Steve-" blared the television but Katherine barely paid attention.

She turned into the stairwell and started going up until she reached the third floor. Down the hallway, she unlocked the door to her room and stepped inside. She set down her books at a table and unwrapped her scarf from around her neck. She took off her beanie and sweatshirt and stepped out of her shoes. She then walked into the bathroom and looked in the mirror.

Katherine was average, maybe slightly above but only on a nice day. She had straight, coffee brown hair that reached down to her shoulder blades. She swept a couple of strands out of her face and looked closely. Katherine had chocolate eyes that were a tiny bit slanted and had long eyelashes. Her nose's profile was soft and her lips were a faint pinkish tan. Katherine had pale skin that was healthy and smooth. She had a few freckles here and there but nothing too much. She glanced down and looked at the profile of her breasts through the long sleeved blouse she wore. They were 32DD and were confined in a beige bra. Even further down, her round shapely rear was framed very well in her jeans. She was average height at 5'5 and weighed around 145 pounds.

She walked back into her room and was pleased to find that her roommate had still not arrived. Katherine grabbed the letter and the box and sat down on her bed. She opened the letter and unfolded it.

Katie,

Sorry we couldn't plan something this year. Work has been extremely busy and you know how hard it is to book a flight here during this time of year. Next year I promise we will do something. Hope school is going well, ~Ana.

She crumpled the sheet of paper into a ball and dropped it in the trash. "Just like last year," she said to herself. Katherine's mom was apparently very busy, but in reality just didn't want to see her daughter that much. She supposed it was another reason she was sent across the country to this school.

She then picked up the box and tore it open, inside was a small pendant in the shape of a stone circle roughly the shape and size of a coin. Some sort of strange writing was etched around the coin and as she touched it, a sudden chill startled her. The coin was a darkish green but the surface seemed to have black clouds sifting around it. She decided that although it was weird, it was actually kind of cute and decided to wear it. After tying the necklace around her neck, she took out her laptop and booted it up.

"This is going to be a long break..." she said to herself as she opened up the browser.

A few hours later, Katherine heard the door to the room that shared her bathroom open up and the footsteps of three people as they entered the room.

"I'm telling you guys, she is going to be here, here mom doesn't care about her, nobody does," she heard.

"Go look," said someone else.

The bathroom door opened and her roommate Alex walked in.

Alex was a star. She was a dancer and carried herself like one. With green eyes, dark brown hair cascading down her back, and a size 38F bust; Alex was beautiful. Sadly for Katie, her attitude towards her was ugly.

"Oh hey there Katie," she said condescendingly, "going anywhere for break?"

"No," Katie mumbled.

"A real shame, I guess your mom doesn't want to spend time with her outcast daughter."

"Just leave me alone Alex."

Alex walked back into the other room and her two friends giggled.

"What did she say Lexie?" asked Elizabeth.

"She isn't going anywhere," said Alex.

"She's such a loser," said Amanda, "I would die if I were her roommate."

Katherine took out a pair of earbuds and started listening to music, trying to block them out.

She browsed the web for a few more hours, skipping dinner and decided to get ready for bed. She brushed her teeth and washed her face before changing into just a pair of pajama shorts and a tank-top. She kept the necklace on for some reason she didn't understand. As Katherine crawled into bed, Alex entered talking on her phone.

"-yeah, did I show you the pictures of that cute skirt I saw? No? Okay I'll send them to you later. Did you hear what she said?" Alex told someone else on the phone.

Katherine just turned over and tried to ignore the annoying noise of her roommate chatting. A few minutes later, she fell asleep.

The necklace however, did not sleep, instead it began the changes in her body, transforming her into something new.

The next morning Katherine awoke to the noise of Alex shouting from Elizabeth and Amanda's room, "What do you mean we are snowed in? I have a plane ride to catch!"

Katherine's sheets were drenched in sweat and her hair was tangled and splayed around her head like a halo. Her pajama shorts were extremely tight. She got out of bed and stood up, and that's when it happened. Her shorts just shredded and something fell out. It was a penis, something that didn't belong on her body. It was the same color as her skin with the tip being nearly the same pinkish tan as her lips. The penis was huge. It was rock hard and was at least 8 inches long and 3 inches thick, thick veins stood out along it. Beneath it, two huge, swollen testicles in a hairless scrotum reached halfway down her thigh. She touched it and it throbbed in her hand.

"Ahh..." she sighed to herself as a wave of pleasure rocked her body. She moved the scrotum out of the way and felt underneath, her vagina had completely been covered, the penis had replaced it.

"NO, no, no, no," she murmured to herself as she fell back onto the bed. Shaking her head, hoping that it was some sort of sick dream. The necklace caught her eye, it was slightly darker in color. She stumbled to her dresser and searched for the largest, baggiest pants she had. A large pair of blue and green checkered pajamas that had been two or three sizes too big just barely hid her new appendage.

Another wave of pleasure swept through her as her hand brushed along the penis when she was flattening everything to try and hide it. Her stomach rumbled and she walked into the kitchenette, pulling out a box of granola and jamming a handful in her mouth. She swallowed and grabbed another handful. Eight handfuls later and her stomach still felt empty. It was as if she was thirsting for something, the penis throbbed again. She understood.

Katherine scrambled to the bathroom and into the smaller room with just the toilet and shower. She locked the door and slumped against the wall, while pulling off her pajamas. The penis sprang out and she gripped it. Katherine realized that it was not "the penis" any longer, it was now "her penis".

Katherine had never seen or held one before but had heard from other girls who dated what to do. She wrapped both hands around the girth and began to pump, the surface was already slick with precum.

"This is so wrong," she muttered to herself but it felt so good. Katherine increased the speed and brought the head towards her open mouth. She was in just the right position to lean forward and her tongue flicked out on its on volition, tasting the precum that covered her penis. It was the one of the best things she had ever tasted. Her mouth latched onto the tip and she began to suck. With a jolt, the penis twitched and a huge load of semen was expelled into her mouth. Although she swallowed and slurped at a furious pace, her mouth could not hold all of the liquid. It splattered out of her mouth, coating her body and the room in white puddles.

After nearly ten minutes of drinking, the flow tapered off and Katherine released her penis. It fell down, already becoming limp. It shrunk before her eyes and was now only 8 inches long. Her testicles had also shrunk down as well after expelling their load.

Katherine scooped and licked up as much of the cum as she could, her stomach was sated for now. Once the room was clean, she put her clothes back on and walked out of the room.

She lied down on her bed and grasped the stone in her hand. It was no longer freezing, it was as if all of the power in the stone was passed to her.

Katherine realized that when she was masturbating, it was the best she had felt in a very long time. "It would be mean not to share this gift with others," she thought to herself.