 All persons in this story are at least 18 years of age.

*****

Kav began dreaming almost immediately after falling asleep. She dreamt that she was back home with her family, about two years ago before she had enrolled in the university on Elios. She saw herself lying on her bed naked and curled into a fetal position, obviously not feeling well. Her parents and her brother were in the house, but they were leaving her alone for some reason. 

Ah, I remember, Kav thought as she observed herself out-of-body. My worst flush ever... 

She remembered it fondly, the way her body had throbbed and ached for sexual attention. She was approaching the age where her cycles were getting strong. It wasn't until about two decades of life that a Xaru became uncontrollably aroused during these flush moments. As a teenager, it was just an annoyance that some self-exploration could relieve. Most females didn't get this bad until a few more years, but she had developed early. There wasn't really anything her family could do about it, so they left her to herself to get through it in private. It was better than convulsing into involuntary orgasms in their presence. 

There was a knock on her door, and then it opened and her brother Tah peeked his head in. Tah was almost completely red, with only a thick grey line painted down his body in the center. His cranial formation was smooth and barely extended off of his brow. He was considered very attractive, just like her. He was wearing the traditional Xaru evening robe, a plain white one-piece garment that all Xaru wore when they were relaxing at home before nighttime. 

"Kav?" he said softly. 

Kav stirred from her fetal position and lifted her head to see who was calling her. She saw Tah standing there and let her head fall back down onto her pillow. This wasn't exactly a good time for anyone to be visiting her. She felt sick from how aroused she was, and her vagina was steadily leaking fluid onto her sheets. The smell would be noticeable, and even though she couldn't help it, she was embarrassed by her situation. Not necessarily by her nudity, though. That wasn't really unusual at all for a Xaru family. 

Tah saw her reaction and smiled sympathetically. He stepped into her room and closed the door behind him. 

"Mae and Pae said it was bad," he said, using the informal versions of "mother" and "father" to describe their parents. 

Kav groaned, not even caring that he would see her like this. She just wanted it to end, and would do anything to make herself feel better. 

Tah came and sat on the edge of her bed near her head, and rested his hand on her shoulder. 

"Don't worry," he said in his most comforting doctor's tone. Damn his natural bedside manner, she didn't want sympathy right now, she wanted relief. "It'll be over in a couple of days at the most." 

"Ugh," she replied, looking up at him with dreary eyes. "Not soon enough." 

"Let me see?" Tah asked. 

Kav didn't know what he meant at first, but he gently moved his hand to her hip and tapped it. He was being a doctor again, even though he was still technically a graduate student. A Xaru doctor would probably be interested in her case, simply because of how young she was to be going through such a powerful flush. They would want to take blood samples, chemical readings, and even do a physical examination of her vaginal canal. Was that what Tah was getting at? 

"Come on," he insisted. "Don't be shy, I'm just trying to help." 

She reluctantly obeyed, and moved her leg to the side. It wasn't exactly pleasant that her own brother, regardless of his medical training, was the one looking at her hoohah, but at this point she would take any help she could get. 

She was still curled up for the most part, but she spread her legs apart and allowed him to inspect her genital area. Tah was very gentle as he reached his fingers between her lips and spread them to expose her entrance. She watched his face carefully, as if she would catch him smirking, but he was dead serious in his intentions. He wasn't messing with her, or intentionally trying to embarrass her. He was actually trying to help. Kav was grateful for that. 

"That is quite an excess of fluid," Tah said, staring down at her vagina and his soaked fingertips. "Is it sore?" 

Kav shook her head and made a small sound that might have been a "no" in response. 

He shifted his eyes from her body up to her face. "I have to reach inside to test your glands, is that ok?" 

She nodded, her eyes locked onto him now as she lay helpless in his control. She wasn't viewing him as just a doctor, or just her brother, but as a comforting amalgam of both. When she felt two of Tah's fingers penetrate her and slide as deep as they could go, her eyes fluttered and she nearly moaned in pleasure. She knew this wasn't a sexual act being performed on her, but it felt so good and she needed sex so bad. She struggled to keep herself from grinding her hips into his hand. 

He was specifically trying to feel for her vaginal gland, much like a Human female's erogenous spot, just inside the vagina within reach of his fingers. He felt the slightly rougher patch and pressed against it. Kav nearly yelped as he did that, and he recognized that even though he was doing this as a medical practitioner, the act was going to affect his sister sexually. He tried to keep his movements precise and short, since he was not here to interact sexually with her, but it wouldn't surprise him if she climaxed due to his examination. 

"It's a bit pronounced," he said, keeping his fingers pressed firmly against the spot, "but it doesn't seem unusual." 

Kav had her eyes closed now, helpless but to feel the sensations that Tah was creating in her. How had he known that she would be self-conscious about this thing that was happening to her? He did know her pretty well. She had truthfully wondered if something was wrong with her physically, and that was why this was happening to her. Maybe that was why she hadn't sought out a sex partner to help relieve this. She didn't want anyone else to know what she was going through for fear that she would be looked at as some kind of freak. 

Tah pulled his fingers out of her and gently moved her leg back into its curled up position. He sat there for a moment and stared down at her. She stared back with a hungry look in her eyes. He knew what she needed, but he was hardly the appropriate person to provide it. Maybe there was something he could do, though... 

"You just need some extra chemical help," Tah prescribed. "Get it?" 

Kav nodded, but it didn't exactly change her situation just because she understood that she needed semen in her system to get the flush past this agonizing stage. Her mind was in a haze and she couldn't think straight. All that mattered to her now was finding a way to satisfy that hunger. She needed to be fed and it didn't matter who did it. 

Tah watched as she cautiously reached her hand out toward him and touched his thigh. He immediately knew what was happening, and his initial reaction was to jump out of the way and leave her alone, but he also felt sorry for her. She might regret this later, however. 

Her fingers wandered further into his lap and rested on his crotch. His robe kept her from making contact with his penis, but the gesture was quite obvious. They locked eyes and were both silent for a moment. Tah shook his head. 

"Don't tell anyone, ok?" he said. 

Kav nodded, finding a small bit of energy as she realized she was going to get some real help from her brother. Tah pulled his robe off and stood naked in front of the bed. Kav's attention went right to his appendage, wonderfully full and thick and grey. He willed it to become erect and it stood out obscenely just above Kav's head. She stared up at it as if the organ was a source of lifesaving water. 

Tah wrapped his hand around his penis tightly and squeezed it at the base, then drew his grip upward along the length of his shaft until he was gripping it right under the tip. A few drops of precum were forced out of him and collected there. He lowered his penis down to Kav's level and she angled her face upward to meet it. She extended her tongue, as if to catch the drops as they fell, but Tah instead brought his penis right to it. He wiped the precum into her tongue and bottom lip, and then withdrew while she savored the taste and swallowed it. 

Kav could instantly feel the chemicals reacting with her system. It made her vaginal muscles spasm and her breasts swell. There was already a sizable puddle beneath her on the bed where her fluids had collected. She didn't care about that, but it might have been considered inappropriate for her own brother to see the other signs of her sexual arousal. 

When she opened her eyes, she saw Tah still standing there watching her. His penis was still erect. She thought he had only planned to give her that small amount. Any Xaru male could have done the same thing. Their seminal glands were very active, compared to Humans at least, and there was always fluid available in their reserves. If that was all he had planned to do for her, then he could have allowed his erection to subside instantly. But there he was, still hard. 

"Tah?" Kav asked, her voice still weak and groggy. 

Tah shook his head. "You need more. That will only last you an hour at best. You need a full dose." 

It was funny how he used a medical term to describe something like ejaculation. But Kav was hypnotized by his penis already, drawn to it and even marked by it now. His chemicals inside of her were like a drug that had seized hold of her senses. She found the strength to uncurl from her fetal position and begin to crawl toward him. She truly had no idea what he intended, whether it was full on sex or just some form of play, but she knew she was going to get cum finally. 

Tah pushed her back down onto her back and turned her so her head was directly underneath his genitals. She could see his testicles full and heavy in his scrotum. He would have a nice big load to give her. She was having trouble keeping her thoughts straight, but it seemed obvious that he planned to deliver it orally. She opened her mouth instinctively to receive his thick meat, but instead he moved his leg up onto the bed next to her and positioned his balls right over her face. 

"This will work the fastest," he explained, and began masturbating himself just above her view. 

Kav understood completely. She extended her tongue and firmly licked at her brother's balls. He was being careful not to make any sounds or lurid movements to indicate that he was enjoying this. It was a simple medical procedure, in his mind anyway. He seemed to better deal with the situation looking at it that way, and she didn't want to interfere with his internal justification. She needed cum, he had it, and this was the only way to get it. Well, not the only way but certainly the quickest way without much contact between them. 

Kav allowed her arousal to guide her, since she was truthfully very inexperienced with sex. But it seemed quite natural to smear her tongue around the underside of his balls and taint. She sucked on each ball and ran her tongue all over them. Tah was certainly not slacking in his jerking technique. A brief thought crossed her mind, wondering to herself if this was the common way for males to masturbate. If this was all it took to get her tasty medicine, why didn't males and females do this more often? 

Tah groaned and stepped back from the bed, aiming his penis down at her wide open mouth. Kav closed her eyes, even though she desperately wanted to see his cum spew forth, but she was upside down anyway and didn't know if he was going to get it all in her mouth. Her initial suspicion was right on. Tah let loose a torrent of thick white sperm just above her head and it trailed right over the entire length of her face. 

She caught some of it on her outstretched tongue and could immediately savor its taste. It was much more potent than a few drops of precum. He kept ejaculating, line after line, all up and down her face. Her nose was covered and one of her eyes was closed where it was pooling in her eyelid. She hadn't even realized until just now that both her hands had reached out to grab the back of his thighs and pull him toward her. Tah let out a long sigh as he finished shooting off all over her. She let him go and move her hands to her face, where she scooped as much of his cum as she could into her mouth. 

Tah stepped back and just watched as Kav consumed his impressive load. It had worked like a charm. The change in her was drastic. The chemicals were working just as predicted, as they were biologically programmed to do, and her agonizing flush was being relieved. It might have worked better if she had taken it vaginally, or anally even, but considering the moral implications of their familial bond, this was really the best of the three options. 

Tah allowed his penis to soften, and he squeezed the last of his cum out of the tip and collected it on his fingers. Kav was too distracted by her feeding frenzy, but he moved his fingers to her mouth and she instantly sucked on them greedily. He smiled and laughed. 

"All better?" he asked. 

Kav opened her eyes and nodded. The look on her face said it all really, even though it was covered in sticky cum, but she had to thank him still. 

"I owe you," Kav said, still feeling her face for remnants of sperm. 

Tah nodded, and pulled his evening robe back on. "Yeah, you do. Just don't tell anyone." 

Kav nodded, and sat up on her bed. Her breasts were still swollen, and the room positively reeked of sex, but she was completely unabashed and shameless in front of her brother now. She absently moved one hand down to her crotch and inserted a finger into her soaking cunt, just smiling dreamily at Tah. 

"Thanks." 

That had been quite an interesting experience, Kav thought as she relived it through her dream. She could taste his cum on her tongue right now as she thought about it. But her dream ended just then and she found herself returning to reality. She was back in her dorm, lying on her bed naked where she had planned to take a small nap. She couldn't hear Bethany or Jaret anymore, and glanced at her alarm clock. 

"Shit!" she exclaimed, using the Xaru equivalent word, and leapt from her bed toward her closet. 

It was already late afternoon. She had missed two whole classes. Her roommate was planning to be alone in their dorm with her date fairly soon. She needed to vacate. She threw on her student jumpsuit and literally ran out the dorm and across the campus toward the library. She had to at least pretend she was going to get some academic benefit out of this day. 

It was raining outside and very few people were hanging around. Classes were ending and most other students were leaving campus to go party or return home to their families for the weekend. Since her family was offworld, and she was not the type to go party, she was among the few who would spend her free time studying. She knew she was boring, especially compared to gorgeous Bethany who spent her weekends sucking and fucking, but Kav was not at all like her. At least, she was not so open about her desires to be doing those things. 

Kav reached the library and hurried inside to get out of the rain. There were a handful of Human students there, and only one or two Xarus. That was pretty much the standard group that hung out here. She even recognized a few of the students. Way at the end of the massive hall of books and literature, though, she saw a familiar face that she hadn't expected to see here. It was Ms. Aernor, sitting alone at a reading table with a particularly thick manuscript. 

Kav would normally not attempt any non-curricular association with a professor, but she was curious why the woman would be here at this hour. Her classes all ended fairly early, compared to some of the other teachers. Ms. Aernor had been on Elios since the terracolony was first formed, though. She had tenure, and thus had first choice of schedule among her fellow biology academics. 

Ms. Aernor happened to look up at that moment and see Kav far off. The two made eye contact, even across that small expanse, and the woman maintained her stare. Kav felt immediately uncomfortable, but it would be rude to pretend she didn't see the woman or purposely avoid her. Kav felt compelled to approach her and give a simple acknowledgment of greeting. 

"Miss Palatoa," Ms. Aernor nodded when Kav was within earshot. "How strange to see you here." 

Kav felt like the question was just bait for some unpleasant conversation, but again, she felt that she was not in a position to disrespect the older woman. Kav shrugged nervously. 

"I wanted to catch up on some studying," she explained, weakly. 

Ms. Aernor was still staring daggers into her Xaru student. "I don't think that's going to be of much help to you." 

Kav frowned. Was she insulting her? 

"I'm afraid," Ms. Aernor explained, "you're on the review board's list for academic suspension. Too many missed classes." 

Kav felt her heart sink, and she was suddenly out of breath. Gods, she was going to be expelled! Her father would never let her live this down, and everyone in her family would be so disappointed... 

"Sit here next to me," Ms. Aernor ordered, nodding to the empty chair adjacent to the corner where she was seated. 

Kav reluctantly complied, her face showing her utter disappointment and sense of failure. She simply stared back at the woman, trying her best not to tear up. 

"There is no denying," Ms. Aernor began her lecture, "that you have not participated in class to the level that I would expect from a member of your family. I had your brother in my class, and there was a marked difference between your devotion to the craft of medicine and your retention of cold hard facts that mean life or death for your future patients." 

Great, bring my brother up! Kav thought. That was a low blow. Everyone knew he was smarter than her. She was always living under his shadow and attempting to measure up to him. In fact, the only person who didn't seem to feel she was in direct competition with him was Tah himself. Was it because he felt sorry for her? Was it because he agreed with everyone else that she wasn't as intelligent as him? Or was it because that one time during her low point she had sucked his balls and swallowed his cum? 

"What have you to say for yourself?" Ms. Aernor demanded. 

Kav opened her mouth but could not come up with any words to explain herself. What could she say that would accurately make this old crone understand the pressure that she was under? 

Ms. Aernor finally held up a hand. "Enough. You are fully aware of the stakes. I am also fully aware that you have untapped potential, and it is my job as your teacher to find a way to expose and utilize it." 

Kav was shocked at the turnaround of this conversation. Was there hope yet that she wouldn't be expelled from the university? 

"What do you mean?" Kav asked, feeling brave for saying anything at all. 

Ms. Aernor lowered her voice. "I have a way for you to redeem yourself. Are you interested?" 

Kav only hesitated to nod enthusiastically because she took a moment to wonder who would ever refuse such a proposal. Of course she wanted to redeem herself. She would do literally anything this woman wanted, no matter how degrading or humiliating. 

"Good," Ms. Aernor said. "Tonight, at precisely mid moon, you will report to the Cultural Hall and-" 

The Cultural Hall! Kav had never been there before. It was invitation only for students, and even then it was rare that anyone would be lucky enough to get an invite. 
