 Big Kev spotted the big truck about a half mile away as he came over the brow of the hill. His hunter's instinct engaged as soon as he registered that the truck was stationary and facing away from them. He killed the engine on the Jeep. His passenger looked up from the back seat where he had been dozing.

"What's up?" he asked.

"Truck, stopped, up ahead," Big Kev replied.

The young man let the jeep coast down the hill towards the big truck. If they approached in silence they stood a chance of surprising the driver and taking the truck. Big Kev's adrenaline began to pump as the prospect of a hi-jack grew stronger. His passenger became alert as he too began to relish the opportunity of a prize.

The jeep was rolling quickly down the hill, picking up speed, getting ever closer to the stationary truck. There was no sign of life around the rig; surely there must have been someone in it. The jeep was within a hundred feet of the truck when Big Kev stopped it. He turned to his passenger. 

"Take your boots off; we don't want to make any noise. We should be able to surprise the driver," he said.

Both young men removed their heavy boots and slipped out of the jeep onto the smooth tarmac road. They crept towards the truck silently. Big Kev drew his pistol from his belt and slipped off the safety noticing there was still no sign of life on or near the truck. Sean, the second young man, reached the driver's door. He looked at Big Kev, who nodded to him. Sean reached up, grabbed the door handle and pulled the door open. Big Kev pointed his pistol in readiness.

The two young men were presented with the sight of a man wiping his mouth on his sleeve.

"Gotcha!" shouted Sean as Sam Coor turned to see why the door had opened.

Sam's eyes widened in shock as he realized what had happened. Sam raised his hands in surrender.

"Don't shoot!" he cried as he saw Big Kev's gun pointed at his head.

Kay was hidden behind Sam's bulk and had not been noticed. She grabbed her jeans and scrabbled over to the passenger door. She threw the door open and jumped out onto the hard ground. Carrying her jeans in her hand the girl ran -naked from the waist down to her trainers- as fast as she could, away from the truck.

"What's that?" shouted Big Kev as he heard the door being thrown open. Sean grabbed Sam by the leg and tried to pull him out of the cab. Sam slid down onto the ground, blocking the young man's view into the cab. Big Kev ran around to the front of the truck and saw the girl running away as fast as her long legs would carry her. The first thing he noticed was her nakedness, her long legs and firm buttocks. Then he realized that they could not give chase as they had no boots on and the hard stony ground would cut their feet to pieces in a few steps.

"Damn!" he shouted, "We will not catch her. I guess the dogs will have her before the night is over."

Big Kev turned his attention back to Sam.

"You can come with us or you can walk the twenty-five miles back to Lucastown, but this rig is ours now." he said to the big man.

"I will take my chance on the road," Sam replied, "Just give me some water for the journey."

Sean tossed a plastic bottle of water to the trucker.

"This should keep you going for a couple of days, long enough for you to make the trek back to that shit-hole."

"Thanks," said Sam.

Big Kev tossed Sean his boots. The two young men put their boots on. Sean jumped up into the cab of the truck and started the engine as Big Kev got back into the jeep and started it up. The jeep led the truck along the road towards Rivertown. Sam turned and began the long walk back to Lucastown.

Big Kev drove the jeep along the road for about four miles and then took a left onto a dirt track. Sean followed in the truck. The two vehicles carried along this track for about another four miles and then stopped outside a dilapidated motel.

The sound of the big truck caused people to appear from inside the motel. Five people gathered around the rig. A tall brunette aged about 30 went to the driver's door and pulled it open. The woman spoke to Sean.

"Hi Sean, what have you got for me this time?" she asked.

"We found this for you Nina," the young man replied, smiling at her. "Do I get a reward?"

"Oh you certainly do baby, you certainly do." With that Nina swung herself up into the cab and planted a big kiss on Sean's lips.

Big Kev went around to the back of the truck, armed with a pair of bolt croppers. He cut the securing chain on the back doors and heaved the big metal doors open. There wasn't much left in the truck as it had been unloaded back at the Kidz-home. He clambered up into the back of the truck and began to unload what was there.

Nina took Sean by the hand and led him back to the building. She opened a door to one of the rooms and led him in. The room was very basic but it was clean. Nina took hold of his shoulders and threw him on the bed. Nina climbed onto the bed, straddling him. She leaned down and started to kiss him again. He started to pull her shirt up and over her head. Nina was unbuttoning his jeans as fast as she could. She sat up and helped get her shirt off. Sean smiled as he looked at her breasts, encased in a black lace bra. Nina reached behind her and unfastened the bra. It slipped off, revealing her large pendulous breasts. She leaned forward, introducing her left breast to Sean's open mouth. The young man started to lick her nipple and then to suck on it.

"Oh, that is nice," she murmured as the sensation aroused her.

She let him munch on her titties for a minute and then pulled back. Nina finished undoing his jeans and freed his cock from the confines of his underpants. He had a very stiff erection. She shuffled down the bed and took his cock in her mouth. He groaned with pleasure as she played her tongue over the tip and wiggled it in the little slit of his cock. Nina took her mouth away from his cock and got up from the bed. She bent down and removed her boots. Then she unbuckled her belt and unbuttoned her own jeans. She let them slide down to her ankles and stepped out of them. She stood, facing him, dressed only in her black lacy panties. Sean ripped his shirt off, kicked off his boots and wriggled out of his jeans and underpants. Nina slowly slipped her panties down, revealing her brown pubic bush. She straddled him again. She took his cock in her hand and introduced it to her sopping wet cunt. Nina gently lowered herself onto her lover.

"Aaah!" he cried as he felt the woman's hot tight cunt envelope his stiff member. Nina began to rotate her hips as she raised and lowered herself on him. Sean began to buck his hips, thrusting up to meet her. The once slow rhythm began to increase in speed, the two of them working frantically to achieve orgasm.

"Oh God!" cried Nina, "I am on my way!"

"Oh yes baby!" Said Sean, "come for me, come for me."

Nina's back arched and she threw her head back as she climaxed. She stopped moving and sat still. Sean could feel her cunt contracting around his cock and the sensation brought him off. He let out a yelp as he shot his load up into her pulsating cunt. The two lovers remained still for a few seconds, and then Nina gradually came back to earth. She became limp and fell forward onto Sean's chest.

"You know how to make an old woman happy Sean," she said.

"Glad you liked it," he laughed in reply.

Outside, a young woman was rooting through the cab of the truck, looking for loot. She came upon Kay's shoulder bag, and her white cotton panties.

"What have you got there, Debby?" asked Big Kev, climbing into the cab and sitting beside her. She held up the bag.

"This is what they give leavers when they throw them out of the Kidz-homes," replied Debby, "I was given one like it when I was sent out last year."

"There was a girl in the cab, but she ran off, we could not chase her so we let her go." Big Kev told her.

"You left her out in the desert?" asked Debby looking shocked, "The dogs will get her!" She jumped down from the cab and ran towards the building.

"NINA! NINA!" she screamed as she ran towards the room in which Nina and Sean had just finished fucking.

Nina emerged from the room, pulling her jeans back up, her breasts still uncovered, her boots slipped on and untied.

"What is it? Are we being attacked?"

"They left a girl out in the desert! We have to go and find her!"

Big Kev strolled over to where Nina was standing with the distraught girl.

"I am sure she will be o.k., she could certainly run well," he laughed.

Nina scowled at him. "Do not be so callous, she is probably lost out there. We should look for her."

----------

Kay had made her way back to the road. She had decided to head back to Lucastown and was walking slowly along the tarmac road. The day was drawing to a close and the desert air was beginning to cool. The light was starting to fade. Kay decided that as long as she was on the tarmac she must be heading on the right direction. She walked on.

Sam was in much the same situation except that he was about two miles in front of her. He was not thinking about the girl though; he was much more concerned with the penalty for losing his truck.

He saw lights in the distance; a vehicle was approaching at high speed. Sam had to decide whether to hide or be seen. He could be rescued or killed, he had no idea which. He decided to get off the road and lay flat; he would not be seen unless he was very unlucky.

The vehicle got closer and closer, moving very rapidly. Sam recognized it as a police armored car. He got up to wave it down but he was too late, the police vehicle sped by. Sam put his head down and started walking again; God he was pissed off!

Three minutes later the armored car reached Kay. She was walking in the road and the car stopped in front of her. A uniformed policeman got out of the vehicle and drew his pistol. He aimed it at the girl.

"Stay where you are!" he shouted, put your hands up!" She did as she was told; obedience to figures of authority had been drummed into her from an early age.

A second man emerged from the vehicle and walked over to the girl. He ran his hands over her, patting her down to check for weapons.

"She is clear!" he shouted to the other man.

"Bring her to the car", said the first man.

Kay was led to the vehicle. She was helped into the passenger compartment through the door in the side of the car. There were two more policemen inside the car.

"Right, let's go!" shouted the first man to the driver. The armored car continued on its journey.

The inside of the armored car was warm and well lit. There was a bench seat down one side and seats either side of the sliding door they had entered through. Kay was ushered onto the bench seat, a policeman sat either side of her and the other two sat on the seats opposite. One of the policemen spoke.

"What were you doing out there alone in the dark?" he asked the girl.

"I was being taken to Rivertown but the truck I was in was held up and I ran off," She replied.

"So where is the trucker?"

"I don't know, I just ran."

The policeman spoke to the driver, "Keep your eyes open for someone else out there Jenks," he said.

"O.K. sarge," came the reply.

The sergeant turned his attention back to Kay.

"So, where were headed from?"

"I had just left kidz-home 332. I was being taken to Rivertown to go to work and live somewhere new."

The sergeant smiled and said to his companions, "Hey guys, looks like we got one of 'Slater's sluts' on board."

The others laughed quietly.

"Tell me honey; did the director give you a leaving present - a good fucking?"

"Yes, he did, and Dr. Yip did me too."

"How would you like to make some dedicated law-enforcement officers happy?"

"What would you like to do to me?"

The sergeant turned to one of his men.

"Weiss, get on the floor," the sergeant ordered.

The policeman named Weiss lay face up on the floor of the car. He raised his hips and unbuckled his belt. He unzipped his trousers and pulled them down over his hips, over his knees and down to his ankles. Weiss then pulled his underpants down, revealing his flaccid penis.

The sergeant looked at Kay.

"Get down on all fours and suck it," he told her.

She slipped off the seat and got down on the floor between the seats. She leaned over the policeman and put her mouth around his penis. She started to lick the man's cock and suck on it. Weiss gave a little moan of pleasure as his cock became erect in the girl's mouth. The sergeant knelt behind her and reached around her. He unbuttoned her jeans and wriggled them down, revealing her bottom.

"No panties!" he exclaimed.

"Looks like we got a real hottie here sarge," said one of the others.

The sergeant put two of his fingers in his mouth, wet them thoroughly with his saliva and then put them against Kay's vagina. He slid his fingers inside her. She let out a muffled groan of pleasure as she felt the man's big fingers enter her. She kept sucking the cock in her mouth. The sergeant took his fingers out of her, undid his own trousers, pulled them down and freed his stiff cock from the confines of his underpants. The sergeant squatted behind her and slid his hot stiff cock into the girl's tight wet cunt.

"Oh baby! You are so tight and so wet!" he exclaimed.

"GNNNHHHH!!!!" cried the man having his cock sucked as he climaxed.

Kay turned her head slightly to one side so the man's semen did not hit her in the throat but the inside of her cheek. Jets of hot sticky cum flooded her mouth but she did not gag.

"Oh God! Oh GOD!!" shouted the sergeant as he sent a copious amount of his seed inside the girl's vagina.

The first man got out from under the girl and another one took his place.

"Come on baby, do it to me, just like you did to him," he said eagerly.

Kay turned her head away from him and spat the other man's seed on the floor. She turned back to take him in her mouth.

This man's cock was already erect; the sight of his friend getting such a good servicing had aroused him. Kay took his length in her mouth and began to suck him off. The sergeant stood up and he was replaced by the fourth man. Kay's eyes widened as she felt a larger cock being slipped inside her body.

The fucking and sucking lasted for about two minutes before the man under Kay gave a grunt and climaxed in her mouth. The man fucking her got faster and faster and then stopped. She felt his big cock throb as he sent a huge load into her, filling her insides with his cum.

"What about me?" said the driver.

"O.K. Jenks," said the sergeant, "pull over and Weiss can drive whilst you take your turn on the girl. Suck or fuck?"

"Fuck please boss," the driver replied.

The armored car pulled over and the driver got out. The policeman named Weiss got in the driving seat and drove off. Jenks quickly lowered his trousers and pants and knelt behind Kay. He was stiff and pushed his cock straight in her. She pushed back against him, getting him inside her all the way up to his balls. Jenks thrust forwards and she pushed backwards. They got into a rhythm and she orgasmed loudly and intensely. He let out a long howl like a wolf as he pumped her full of his juice. The other men started to bark like dogs.

"Oh baby, you just been had by the Dogs!" shouted Weiss from the front. All the others laughed.

Kay slumped on the floor, semen running from her cunt and dripping from her mouth. The sergeant pulled her jeans back up over her thighs and sat her back on the bench seat.

"We shall soon be at the police compound where you can get cleaned up baby," he said.

-----------

The large steel doors to the police compound opened as the armored car approached. The car sped through and came to a halt outside a long, low concrete building. The sergeant took Kay by the hand and led her out of the car. The rest of the men disembarked and stood around her. The sergeant spoke first.

"Weiss, you go and sign us all in. Jenks, you park the car in the garage for inspection."

"What about the girl?" asked Jenks, "We should hand her in at the desk."

"I will look after her," replied the sergeant, "We can get her processed in the morning."

With that, the little group split up and went their separate ways.

The sergeant led Kay towards another building close by. This was a three-story concrete building which was well lit.

"This is the barracks," he said to her, "You can stay here tonight."

They entered the building and walked along the corridor to the lift. They went into the lift and took it to the third floor. They walked out of the lift and the sergeant led her to his quarters.

"Well, here it is, home sweet home," he said as he opened the door and ushered her into his rooms. She walked in and looked around. The room was large with a kitchenette in the corner. There were two windows in the far wall and two doorways in the right-hand side wall. The sergeant pointed to the nearest door.

"The shower room is there," he said to the girl, "leave your clothes on the floor. Use the pink toothbrush."

She walked over to the door, opened it and entered the shower room. She undressed and piled her clothes on the floor as she had been ordered, it made a meager pile. She stepped into the shower and turned it on. The warm water felt good against her skin. She picked up a bar of soap and began to wash. She scrubbed the desert dust off her skin and the men's semen out of her vagina and off of her thighs, and then shampooed her hair.

Kay stepped out of the shower and went to the basin. She found the pink toothbrush and some paste. She brushed her teeth thoroughly, removing the last vestiges of spunk from her mouth. She saw a robe hanging on the door and put it on. The robe was too large for her, but it felt warm and cozy.

Kay went back into the main room where the sergeant was in the kitchenette, cooking.

"I guess you are hungry," he said to her.

"I am," she replied, "very."

"Sit over there," he said, pointing to a small table with two chairs, "I will bring it over."

"Here you are," he said as he put a plate of stir-fry in front of her, "eat up."

She set-to on the plate of food like a ravenous wolf, and cleared it quickly. The sergeant sat opposite her and fed himself at a more leisurely rate.

"What do they call you?" he asked.

"Kay," she replied.

"My name is Tom."

"Am I your prisoner?"

"No, of course not, but this is better than being processed as a vagabond and put in a cell."

Tom finished eating and stood up.

"The bedroom is there," he said, pointing to the other door, "I expect you are tired. I shall get your things cleaned. Don't leave these quarters; I shall be back in a while." With that he went to the shower room to pick up her clothes.

Kay went into the bedroom, climbed into bed and still dressed in the robe, settled down to sleep. The bed was soft and warm, not like the hard institutional bed she had been brought up on.

-----------

Tom Stone took her clothes and some of his own down to the communal laundry on the ground floor. There were two other people there, a man and a young woman, both police officers. Tom nodded a greeting to them and they responded similarly. Tom had the impression that he had interrupted something. The man whispered something to the woman and they walked out of the laundry room, leaving their baskets of clothes behind.

Tom walked over and quickly rooted through what was obviously the woman's basket. He took out a pair of pink cotton panties and shoved them in the washing machine along with his own bundle, then walked out of the room. The couple was standing close together whispering.

"Well," said Tom, "Just let that do its job. It's time for a beer, see you."

With that he walked off, giving the couple their privacy. They went back into the laundry room.
