 At around the same time as Tom Stone threw Kay out of the compound Maud Barclay woke up.

Maud awoke to the pleasurable sensation of two fit young men suckling on her tits. Si on her left, and Joe on her right. They had slept, squeezed together in the double bed.

"Oh, momma likes that boys," whispered Maud.

Joe's right hand moved down to Maud's slit, his middle finger prising her labia apart and pushing its way inside her. Maud sucked in her breath as she felt the digit penetrate her. Si took his mouth from her breast and slid out of bed. He knelt on the bed and offered his semi-hard cock to her mouth. Maud took it in her mouth and sucked gently. Si's cock grew stiff, filling Maud's mouth. Joe stopped suckling and moved down the bed. Joe took hold of Maud's right leg and pulled it across the bed. Joe pulled the covers off the bed revealing the totally naked Maud in all her glory. Joe put his head between her legs and started to lick her cunt.

"Mmmmm, mmmmm," mumbled Maud, her mouth full of stiff cock.

Si started to gently thrust his length in Maud's mouth, causing her to gag slightly, and salivate lots.

Maud pulled her head back and took Si's cock-shaft in her hand. Whilst sucking on the head she wanked the shaft.

"Oh fuck!" he cried as he sent his load into her mouth.

Joe stopped licking and stood up.

"Get on your knees," he told her.

Maud swallowed the mouthful of Si's spunk, rolled over and got on all-fours on the bed. Joe stood behind her and shoved his big stiff member inside her sloppy wet cunt.

"God, that is so nice," said Maud as she felt his man-meat fill her.

Joe started fucking her hard, thrusting in as far as he could and then pulling nearly all the way out. He built up speed, his balls slapping her ass when he thrust in. This lasted for about five minutes, giving Maud a wonderful orgasm. Joe's cock exploded in her, sending a full load in her twat as it spasmed in climax.

----------

At about the same time as Joe filled Maud with his semen, Sam Coor came to the outskirts of Lucastown.

The first thing he saw was the colliery, the main reason the town existed. He saw the small village inside the colliery perimeter fence and the guards at the gate. Sam walked up to the gate. He recognized one of the guards.

"Hi Pete," he said to the guard.

"Hey Sam!" replied the guard, "What's up?" "Hi-jacked, I need help man," said Sam.

"Sure, come on in."

Sam was led to the site office, where he could contact the authorities.

----------

About two hours later, Mayor Lewis Jacobs found out about the missing girl. It started like this:

Stephanie Logan opened the door to the Mayor's office and walked in. She walked towards his desk, pausing to put her hand up under her skirt and pull her panties down and off over her high-heels. Stephanie threw the black lacy panties at the Mayor. He caught them, put them to his face and inhaled deeply.

"God Steph, you smell really nice," he said smiling at her.

Steph reached around and unzipped the knee-length black skirt she was wearing. She let it slide to the floor. Jacobs stared at her luxuriant black bush; he never tired of looking at that bush. Steph walked around the desk and sat on Jacob's lap, spreading her legs as she did so. Jacobs put his fore and middle fingers in his mouth and covered them in his saliva. He took his fingers out of his mouth and put them to Steph's slit.

"Go on Mr. Mayor, finger-fuck me," she said hungrily.

Jacobs pushed his fingers inside the girl's hot cunt, wriggling them as he did so.

"Oooh! Nice!" she cried as she felt his digits wriggling around inside her. Jacobs pulled them nearly all the way out and then shoved them all the way in again.

"Mmmmm!" she cried.

The finger-fucking got faster and the girl grabbed hold of the desk to steady herself as she felt her climax building.

"Yes!, Yes! YES!!" she squealed as she came.

Jacobs took his fingers out of her and licked her juice off of them.

"Do you want to come now?" she asked.

"Not now, Lisa brought me off after breakfast, so I am fine at the moment," he replied. "By the way, Lisa wants you to come to supper one evening this week, are you free at all this week?"

"I am always free for the lady Mayor, Mr. Mayor," Steph replied, giggling.

"Right, off you go and get me a coffee. You are still my secretary, you know," laughed Lewis Jacobs.

Once Steph had left his office, Jacobs stabbed in a phone number on his private line. He waited. He spoke.

"Is she ready for collection?" he asked," What do you mean, not there?" Jacobs put the phone down stabbed in another number. He waited. He spoke.

"Phil, the girl has not arrived, why not? Which truck? Find out where the fucking truck is, Phil!" he exclaimed and then put the phone down.

Jacobs thumped the desk and shouted FUCK.

Phil Slater was just about to stick his cock inside yet another 18 year-old girl when his private phone rang. He knew it was important and she would have to wait a minute. Phil walked out of the examination room and into his office, leaving Yip to enjoy de-flowering the girl.

Slater picked up the phone and heard Jacobs enquire where Kay had got to. He explained that he had put her on the truck for delivery to Rivertown and he was told in no uncertain terms to find out where it and its cargo had got to.

Slater put the phone down and went back into the room. Yip was fucking the girl with long slow thrusts. The girl was moaning with pleasure. Slater could not fuck anyone now, he was getting too worried. Yip let out a groan as he spent himself inside the girl; she stopped moaning and asked if that was it.

"Put her on the bus to Rivertown, Ken," he said to Yip, and walked back into his office.

The big gates of the police compound opened and the armored car carrying Bravo patrol sped through. The car pulled up and the crew disembarked.

"Well there it is," said the sergeant "officer Jess Ryan has been on her last patrol. Tomorrow she will be detective Ryan."

"I just hope her replacement isn't so trigger-happy," chipped in Kyle Price, another of Bravo patrol.

"Fuck off Kyle, I have saved your ass more than once with this baby," said Jess, pulling her pistol out of its holster and waving it at him.

"I guess you won't get to use it so much from now on 'Detective'," said Matt Dunne, the third man in Bravo patrol.

Ruby Irons was the fifth member of Bravo patrol, she stood close to Jess and whispered "Well I am going to miss you."

"As tradition dictates," said Sergeant Frank Shaw," we convene in my rooms in one hour for Ryan's farewell drinking session."

Shaw punched the air and shouted "Bravo is best!"

The other four repeated the action and the words in unison and then dispersed, Price to park the car, Irons to sign them all in with the duty sergeant and Dunne to acquire a large amount of alcohol.

The members of Bravo patrol all arrived at Shaw's rooms as arranged. They sat in the living area drinking beers and re-living a few memorable incidents that had occurred during the eighteen months that the 20 year old Jess had been with them.

"You were one of the youngest to go on patrol," said Shaw, "even at 19 years old Ruby is not as young as you were when you started."

"Yeah," said Matt, "I was twenty when I started, three years ago."

"Same as me," said Kyle.

"How about you sarge?" asked Ruby, "how old are you?"

"I am 40 young lady," Shaw answered, "old enough to be your father, but fit enough to be your lover."

Ruby giggled at Shaw's saucy remark.

The drinking continued.

"Hey Kyle," said Matt, "Is it true your sister is a stripper?"

"She is a burlesque dancer at Beryl Fong's house of fun, not a stripper," Kyle replied.

"Did you pick up any dance tips from her?" asked Frank.

"Yeah, come on Kyle," laughed Ruby, "Show us how it's done."

Jess started to clap slowly and chant, "Kyle, Kyle, Kyle."

"O.k, o.k.," he said as he stood up and walked to the middle of the room.

Frank, Matt, Ruby and Jess all looked on, smiling and laughing as Kyle Price gyrated around the room.

"Oh Jesus!" cried Matt, "the guy is out of control!"

Kyle undid his shirt and pulled it off his broad shoulders. He thrust his hips as he moved around the room. He made his way over to stand in front of Jess. Kyle did a little hip thrust at her. Jess put out her hand and, taking hold of the zipper on his trousers, pulled it down. A cheer went up from the rest.

"Go on Jess," laughed Frank, "Put your hand in and see what he's got in there."

Jess looked at her sergeant, smiled and put her hand inside Kyle's trousers. Jess was surprised but not shocked to find that Kyle was not wearing underpants.

"Got dressed in a hurry, did you?" she asked, smiling.

"I am always in a hurry to be with you baby," he replied, smiling back.

Jess fumbled around a bit and freed Kyle's penis from the confines of his trousers. Kyle's cock dangled in front of him and he wiggled his hips, trying to get it to swing from side to side.

"Not bad," said Ruby, "I've seen a lot bigger, but then again, I've seen smaller."

Kyle moved over to where Ruby was sitting and presented his cock to her. Ruby put her hand out, wrapped her slender fingers around it and rubbed it back and forth. Kyle stopped gyrating and gave a little grunt.

"Oh Ruby," laughed Frank, "he is under control now."

Ruby wanked Kyle's cock for a few seconds, getting it to become erect, then she stopped.

"I bet yours is bigger sarge," she said looking at Frank.

"No, I reckon that pecker is a better specimen than I've got."

"Size doesn't matter," said Jess, "It's how you use it."

They all laughed.

Kyle moved over to Jess.

"Touch me. Please Jess."

Jess wrapped her fingers around Kyle's still erect cock and pulled back the foreskin. Kyle gasped at the sensation. He had fantasized about Jess doing this, he wanted her so badly.

"Come on sarge," said Ruby huskily, "show me, I want to see it."

Frank did not need to be asked twice. He stood, unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his trousers, pulled the zip down and pulled his trousers and underpants down in one motion. His penis was already semi-erect. Ruby had that effect on men. Ruby knelt in front of him and took it in her mouth.

"Oh wow!" exclaimed Matt.

Jess and Kyle looked on as Ruby bobbed her head back and forth, making Frank hard. Jess watched Ruby and started to wank Kyle at the same time. Kyle's breathing got faster and heavier.

Matt stripped off; he was going to get in on this, somehow.

Frank took Ruby's head in his hands and pulled out of her mouth. Ruby stood up and Frank leaned forward and started to kiss her. He kissed her passionately on the lips and put his tongue in her mouth. He put his arms around her slim body and hugged her close to him.

Ruby put her hands on his shoulders and kissed him back, just as passionately.

Matt moved around behind where Jess was sitting and put his hands on her breasts, he started to massage them through the material of her shirt. Jess gave a little moan of pleasure.

Jess's hand moved faster as she became aroused at Matt's touch. Kyle's hips started to make little involuntary thrusts, he could not help himself.

"Oh God Jess, do not stop, for Christ's sake, do not stop," he murmured. Jess moved her hand a little faster.

"Oh yes, oh God, Uuugh!" cried Kyle as he spent himself. Spunk shot out of his cock in a thick stream. It landed on Jess's lap. Jess looked down at the mess.

"Golly Kyle, you were full up, weren't you," she laughed.

Kyle sat on the sofa next to Jess, and Matt came around from behind the sofa and started to unbutton Jess's shirt. Jess carefully undid her trousers, trying not to get Kyle's spunk on her hands. Jess lifted her bum off the sofa and pulled her trousers down to her ankles. Matt helped her off with her shirt. Then Matt knelt in front of her and unlaced her sneakers. He slipped them off her feet and pulled her socks off. Then he carefully pulled off her spunk covered trousers.

Jess turned her back to Kyle.

"Take my bra off Kyle," she said to him.

Kyle unclipped her bra and it fell forward and off of her pert little tits.

Jess settled back on the sofa, and lifting herself up a little, pulled her panties down over her hips. Matt took hold of them and pulled them the rest of the way down over her knees and off over her ankles. Jess spread her legs, presenting herself to the two men.

Matt buried his face in her soft brown muff. His tongue shot out of his mouth and flicked about, searching for the opening to her sex. Jess gasped as Matt's tongue found its goal and pushed in between her cunt lips. Matt started to lap up the juice that Jess's cunt was making by the bucketful.

Kyle leaned over and started to kiss and lick Jess's tits. He started on the right one and moved to the left one, making the nipples stick out like little bullets.

Jess's left leg came up and wrapped around Matt's neck. Jess pulled his face tight against her sopping wet vagina.

Frank had managed to undo Ruby's trousers whilst still locked in the passionate embrace with her. He wriggled them down a little bit, just enough to get his hand inside her panties. Frank's fore-finger found her clitoris and he rubbed that glorious little love-bean, making Ruby squeak with delight.

Ruby stopped kissing him and moved back a little.

"Fuck me sarge," she said, staring him in the eyes.

"Get your kit off, you gorgeous dirty little slut," he replied to her.

Ruby pulled her t-shirt over her head, reached behind and unclipped her bra. She let her bra fall to the floor. Frank took a deep breath and swallowed as he took in the sight of those pert little 19 year old tits.

Ruby bent over and unlaced her sneakers, pulled them off along with her socks and reaching back up, pulled her trousers and panties off.

Ruby stood naked in front of her sergeant and he stared at her beautiful little body.

Frank tore his clothes off as fast as he could. Buttons flew from his shirt and his zip broke as he tore it down so fast. Frank's cock sprang out of his underpants and stood proud and strong, sticking out and up, a tiny drop of liquid emanating from the little slit at the end.

Ruby jumped up and wrapped her legs around Frank's body. Frank fell back onto the chair with Ruby still clamped to him. She settled herself onto his cock, her hot, wet cunt taking Frank's length inside it in one movement.

"Oh!" moaned Frank as he felt the young woman's insides wrapped tightly around his cock.

Ruby started to jig up and down on his cock, her arms wrapped around his neck, her pert little tits jigging up and down as she tried to satisfy her craving for sexual fulfillment.

"Oh sarge, oh sarge!" she cried as she began to reach her goal.

"Oh Ruby, you filthy little minx," he replied.

"Oooooohh!" exclaimed Ruby as she reached her climax.

Frank could feel her contractions and that finished him off. Frank pushed up with his hips, trying to get as much of himself inside the beautiful young woman as he could, and then he came.

"Oh fuuuuuuuckk!" he cried as he shot a huge load up inside the young pussy. Squirt after squirt after squirt his cock shot into her.

After a short time Ruby unclasped her legs and slipped off her man. Frank's semen ran out of Ruby's cunt and down her thighs, all the way to her knees.

Jess, meanwhile had been receiving Matt's oral attention and she was reaching her climax.

"Yes, just there, that's my boy, mmm," she cried as she felt herself begin to come. Jess threw her head back and let out a long low moan as she had an almighty orgasm.

Matt came up for air at the same time as Jess started to come down from heaven. Matt saw his chance and he plunged his stiff cock into her as hard as he could.

"Oh Matt!" cried Jess as she felt his meat fill her.

Matt plunged his hard cock in and out of Jess as fast as his bucking hips could thrust. Matt grunted like a hog in heat as he fucked her, Jess moaned with pleasure as she felt herself being lifted to heaven again.

Kyle was becoming erect again, his ardor re-kindled by the sights and sounds of sex going on around him.

"Fuuuuck!" shouted Matt as he came and deposited a huge load inside Jess.

As soon as Matt pulled his flaccid cock out of Jess, Kyle plunged his stiff one into her.

"Yes, yes, finish me off lover-boy," whispered Jess as she felt more man-meat fill her sex-hungry cunt.

Kyle did as he was bidden, fucking Jess forcefully.

"YYYYYeeeeeeeesssss!" screamed Jess as she had an even more intense orgasm.

"Unngh!" moaned Kyle as he managed to send a slightly smaller load than before out of his penis and into, rather than onto, the object of his fantasies.

The five of them lay slumped on the sofa and the floor, sexually more fulfilled than any of them had ever been before.

Early the next morning Jess Ryan left the police compound and reported to the second precinct of Rivertown police, on the opposite side of town. She had been allocated to Lieutenant Maud Barclay as driver and assistant.

Phil Slater phoned the trucking company, trying to find the whereabouts of Sam Coor and his rig. Slater was informed that the truck had been hi-jacked but the driver was safe at the colliery. Slater ran from his office, jumped into a jeep in the compound, started it up and drove out into the wasteland that was Lucastown.

Slater roared up to the colliery gate and shouted at the guard.

"I have come for the truck driver, where is he?"

"Hang on," came the shouted reply, "I will get him."

Sam was escorted through the gate and walked over to the jeep.

"What the fuck happened?" whispered Slater, "where is she?"

"I got hi-jacked but she ran off into the desert," replied Sam.

Slater grabbed hold of the steering wheel and head butted it.

"Fuck! fuck! fuck!" he cried.

"For Christ's sake!" exclaimed Sam, "It was just one girl."

"You have no fucking idea, do you?" cried Slater. "Now listen, and listen good. You never took her in your truck, o.k.? If anyone and I mean anyone asks you about her, you know nothing!"

"O.k., o.k.," replied Sam.

With that, Slater put the jeep in gear and roared off back towards the Kidz-home.

-----------

To put all this in context, we have to go back to the previous Monday morning.

Mayor Lewis Jacobs had his head buried between the outspread legs of his secretary. She was perched on his desk, moaning in delight as he paid oral attention to her juicy wet cunt.

"Oh God Lewis, you know how to start the week, don't you?" she moaned. Jacobs did not answer, he just kept licking.

His office door opened and well-built man in his 40s walked in.

"Don't mind me, I won't interrupt," he laughed as he took in the scene.

"You had better fucking not!" cried Steph as she approached her climax.

The man unzipped his trousers and took out his cock. He started to massage it.

"Would you like this in you?" he asked the girl. She nodded emphatically.

The man tapped Jacobs on the shoulder and he stood up. Jacobs beckoned the man towards Steph's open slit.

"Oooh, lovely," both the man and Steph said in unison as he slipped his meat into her hot wet snatch.

He began to give the girl a good fucking. He rammed his cock in and out of her dripping cunt as she writhed and wriggled against him. They came simultaneously, both crying out in delight as their fluids mingled inside the young secretary.

The man pulled out and a dribble of love-juice ran out of Steph's cunt and onto the office floor. She slid off the desk and picking up her discarded skirt and panties, walked out of the room.

"To business", said Jacobs.

"Indeed," replied the man. "Oh, what is this?" he said as he picked something up from Jacob's desk.

"That is a picture of a young woman who may be going to the house of fun," Jacobs replied.
