 Maud Barclay did not believe in coincidence. The fact that the girl had gone missing on her way to be the `ward` of one of the richest men in the country was suspicious. Jacobs had told her that no-one else knew of the girl's intended destiny, but she reckoned someone must have found out.

Maybe he had told his wife, or maybe his secretary had overheard something.

Once she had seen Jess off on her journey to Lucastown Maud drove to Jacobs' house. He lived in the best part of town where there were far fewer flattened buildings. His house was a large two storey building set behind a high fence.

Maud pulled up next to an intercom set in one of the pillars that the large metal gates hung off of. She pressed the button on the intercom and said the word police. The gates opened and she drove through and up the driveway.

Lisa Jacobs was standing in the open doorway when Maud stopped her jeep. Maud had seen pictures of the mayor's wife in the local paper, but she looked even more alluring in real life. Lisa was tall, with a plentiful bust and full hips. Her long black hair fell in waves down over her shoulders. Lisa had full pouting lips. Lisa Jacobs looked younger than her 42 years.

Lisa looked at the policewoman approaching her. She liked the look of this athletic woman with her blonde hair tied back giving her a strict look.

"I hope I am not interrupting something Mrs. Jacobs," Maud said as she walked up to Lisa.

"No, not at all," Lisa replied, "please come in."

Maud followed Lisa into the hallway of the house and looked around; it was a very nice house. Lisa led her into what Maud assumed was the main living room. It was a large room with a few easy chairs, a sofa and a coffee table.

"Please sit," Lisa said, "what can I do for you?"

"Has your husband mentioned the missing girl?" she asked.

"Yes, he is very concerned for her welfare, although I have no idea why, she is no more special than any other missing person."

"So he has not told you about Rex Dent wanting to take her into his care?"

Lisa looked surprised.

"Rex Dent is involved?! Oh, now that is what this is all about, you are working for Dent."

"No, I work for the police; your husband has asked me to find the girl."

"I am sorry, but I know nothing about it at all."

Maud got up to leave.

"Have you time for a coffee?" asked Lisa.

"Real coffee?"

"Yes, real Brazilian coffee. The Dent Corporation has started growing it down there again."

"Oh wow! Yes please Mrs. Jacobs."

"Call me Lisa."

Maud followed Lisa out of the room and into a large kitchen. Lisa began to prepare the coffee.

"Do you know your husband's secretary very well?" Maud asked.

Lisa smiled,"Oh yes, very well indeed."

"Might she know more about the girl?"

"I don't know, you will have to ask her yourself."

"I think I shall."

Lisa poured two cups of coffee. Maud inhaled deeply, savoring the aroma.

"Oh that smells so nice, I have not smelt that aroma for a long time."

"Here, drink up," said Lisa as she offered Maud the cup.

The two women sipped their coffee.

Lisa reached over and stroked Maud's hair.

"You have very fine blonde hair. Mine is much thicker. I expect yours is much more manageable."

"I would love to have thick tresses like yours." Maud replied.

Lisa stroked Maud's cheek.

"What fine cheek bones, Russian descent, probably?"

"And you are a fiery Latina, aren't you Mrs. Mayor?"

"Passionate, more than fiery."

With that, Lisa leaned towards Maud and kissed her on the lips. Maud was expecting it, the stroking of her hair and cheek was Lisa's way of testing the water, so to speak. If Maud had pulled back it would have gone no further, but she hadn't.

Maud returned Lisa's kiss, putting her hands in Lisa's luxuriant hair and ruffling it.

Lisa gave a little moan of pleasure at the prospect of having the police detective in her bed.

Lisa broke away from the kiss and taking Maud by the hand, led her out of the kitchen.

Lisa led Maud upstairs and into a large bedroom. There was a large bed, a wardrobe and a dressing table in the room. Lisa shut the door and turned to Maud and resumed kissing her. The kiss was more forceful this time, Lisa's tongue pushed its way into Maud's mouth. Maud opened her mouth for Lisa and Maud's tongue flicked around Lisa's tongue as the older woman played her tongue around Maud's teeth and cheeks.

Maud started to pull up Lisa's t shirt; Lisa pulled away from the embrace and pulled it off completely revealing her ample bust held captive by a blue satin bra. Maud unbuttoned her regulation dark blue shirt and slipped it off, letting it fall to the floor. Lisa undid her trousers and pushed them down to her ankles. She slipped out of her flat shoes and pulled her trousers and socks off completely. Maud had similarly undressed, pausing only to unlace her regulation shoes.

The two women stood looking at each other dressed only in their bras and panties.

"Oh you are lovely!" they exclaimed in unison.

Lisa led Maud to the bed and gently pushed her back onto it. Maud fell back and landed on the softest mattress she had ever felt. Lisa climbed on to the bed and straddled her. Lisa lent down and started kissing Maud again.

Lisa's lips moved from Maud's mouth to her neck. Maud tilted her head to allow Lisa more access to her soft skin. Lisa kissed all around under Maud's chin and to the other side of her neck. Maud gave a little mew of delight as the kissing started to arouse her nether regions.

Lisa moved down from Maud's neck and onto her bust. Lisa kissed what skin was not hidden by Maud's bra. Lisa moved down below Maud's bra and kissed her rib cage, then down further onto her tummy. Lisa put the tip of her tongue into Maud's belly button and wriggled it about. Maud giggled at the tickly feeling.

Lisa kissed Maud on the thighs, she spread her legs a little and Lisa kissed her inner thighs. Maud grasped her panties and wriggled them over her hips and down to where Lisa was kissing her. Lisa stopped kissing and took hold of the panties and pulled them all the way off. Lisa kissed Maud's soft blonde pubic bush. Maud opened her legs fully, reached down and pulled her labia apart.

"Someone's in a hurry," laughed Lisa.

"Get on with it you tease!" cried Maud.

Lisa smiled and put her tongue to work on Maud's clitoris. Maud moaned and writhed as she felt the tip of Lisa's tongue flicking her clit. Lisa introduced a finger into Maud's sopping wet cunt. She let out a moan of pleasure as she felt the digit penetrate her.

Lisa gave good head, to both men and women; after all, she'd had lots of practice.

Maud let out a loud squeak as she climaxed. Her insides went into spasm; massive contractions made her twitch and convulse as if having a seizure.

After a while she relaxed, a big smile appearing on her face.

"God Lisa, you are fantastic," she whispered to her new lover.

"Glad you liked it." came the reply.

Lisa stood up and removed her underwear. Her fulsome boobs with their big nipples hung free of the bra. Her dense black bush looked so inviting to Maud.

Lisa climbed back onto the big bed and lay on her back expectantly. Maud rolled over on top of her and began to kiss her nipples. Lisa took Maud's head in her hands and pushed her face hard onto her tits. Maud stroked Lisa's flanks and down to her hips. Lisa pushed Maud's head further south, down over her tummy and to her pussy. Maud got her head in between Lisa's legs and rooted around in her bush looking for the opening.

Lisa let out a moan as she felt the younger woman's tongue wriggle around and in between her labia, then up to her clitoris.

Maud tried her best to replicate the oral skill of the older, more experienced woman.

"Oh yes babe, just there, that's it, give it to me," cried Lisa as she felt the ministrations of the detective on her cunt.

After a few minutes of oral attention Lisa began to come; her breathing got heavier and faster, her legs and body twitched, her fingers dug into Maud's hair, she let out a scream and she stiffened. And she came.

"Ooooooh! uhuhuh!" she cried as she experienced her orgasm.

Maud took her mouth away from Lisa's cunt, pussy juice running down her chin. She wiped her chin with the back of her hand and then licked it off.

Lisa pulled Maud back up next to her and undid her bra, and then the two naked women settled down for a cuddle.

----------

Jess pressed the bell on the entrance to Kidz-home332 and announced that she was Jess Ryan; temporary clerical worker. The door opened and she passed through.

Jess crossed the courtyard, passing children of all ages either playing or just standing around in groups talking. They all looked well cared for and happy. She entered the main building and went to the reception desk. She was greeted by the receptionist and directed to the office wing of the building.

Jess met her supervisor and was set to work. Her supervisor was Meg Smith, a shapely woman, 34 years of age with long black hair and green eyes. If she had been wearing black, Jess thought, she would have made a sexy witch.

Phil Slater put his head in the office and introduced himself to the new temp. Jess thought him an attractive and friendly man.

"If you would care to join me for lunch Ms. Ryan," he said to her, "We could get to know one another a little."

"I would like that Mr. Director," said Jess.

"Call me Phil, they all do," he replied as he left the office.

"We actually call him `Phil the fucker`," said Meg, "Because he likes to fuck the girls who are eighteen and leaving the Kidz-home."

"Who fucks the boys?"

"Well honey, a girl has to have some perks in her job," laughed Meg.

Later that morning two young men came to the office.

"Well, look at you two," said Meg, "turned eighteen last week and off to work in the mine tomorrow."

"We have come to be signed out of the Kidz-home," said one of them.

"My, aren't you big strong specimens of man-hood. Those years of physical training and protein rich food have turned you into real hunks," said Meg.

"Thank you Ms. Smith," replied the other.

"Jess, you had better go to lunch now, director Slater will be waiting in his office for you."

Meg obviously wanted to be left alone with them so Jess stood up from her desk and left them to it.

Meg Smith stood up and went over to the two young men. "So you're Pete and you are Tim," she said.

"Yes," said Tim.

Meg squeezed Tim's bicep.

"You are big and strong, can I see more?"

"How do you mean?"

"You know, let me see if you are fit all over."

"You mean like take my t-shirt off?"

"Yes and your jeans."

Tim pulled his t-shirt off over his head, revealing his muscular young torso.

"Oh wow! Nice bod!" exclaimed Meg.

"You want me to take my jeans off too?"

"Yes. You can show me what you have got as well Pete."

Both young men stripped to their underwear.

Meg stood back and surveyed the two young hunks. She smiled a wide smile and her panties got just a little bit damp. She moved closer to them and put a hand on each of their chests. She began to rub their bare hairless chests.

"Mmm, nice strong fit young men, just how I like them."

Tim took hold of her hand, held it to his mouth and kissed it gently. She moved her free hand down over Pete's tummy and onto his boxers. She gave his bulge a little squeeze. His breathing became a little heavier.

Meg gave Pete's boxers a tug. He took the hint and grabbed hold of them and pulled them down over his muscular thighs, his penis dangled, semi-hard, over the waistband. She wrapped her long slender fingers around the shaft of his penis and began to rub it. The young man's cock stiffened. Tim let go of Meg's hand and pulled his boxers down.

"Me too Ms. Smith, do that to me too," he said eagerly.

She took hold of his penis and rubbed it.

"Oh the joys of being ambidextrous," she laughed as she stroked them both at the same time.

Meg stopped wanking the two young men and stepped back. She unbuttoned her shirt and let it fall to the floor. She pulled her bra around and unclasped it. She let it fall to the floor, her voluminous breasts wobbled, free of the restrictions of the bra. She unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down over her hips and down past her knees to her ankles. She bent down and slipped off her flat shoes and stepped out of her jeans.

She walked to her desk, pulled the chair out and sat on it, her legs spread out in front of her.

"Tim," she said, "go behind the chair, reach around and rub my boobs."

He did as he was told. Meg gave a moan at the sensation of having her breasts rubbed by a fit 18 year old.

"Pete," she said, "get on your knees between my legs and eat my pussy."

He did as he was told. She gave a little cry as she felt his tongue lapping at her labia.

The two fit young men were not experienced, but Meg told them what to do and how to do it. Tim massaged her boobs and pinched her teats a little bit for her, she liked that. Pete licked her clitoris and poked his tongue inside her vagina, she liked that too. She became more and more aroused, and started to wriggle and twitch as she approached her climax. She moaned and squeaked and her cunt started to drip with juice.

"Oh fucking hell yes!" she cried as she came, her body convulsing in ecstasy.

Meg slid off the chair and got on all fours on the floor.

"Fuck me boys", she said huskily.

Pete stuffed his stiff cock inside her as far as it would go, his balls squashed up against her ass. Then he pulled it out and stuffed it all the way back in again. In, out, in, out, getting faster and faster. She put her hand out and held it against the side of her heavy desk, stopping herself from being pushed over.

"God yes! Oh fuck yes!" she cried as he fucked her harder and faster than she had ever been fucked before.

"Oh!" He exclaimed as he shot his load into Meg. He sent a large load of young man's hot sticky semen shooting deep inside her.

He pulled out, his flaccid cock dripping wet.

"Quick, put yours in me!"She ordered Tim.

He knelt behind her and rammed his meat in her, not minding that she was sloppy with Pete's spunk. He gave her as good a shagging as his friend, stuffing her full of his meat.

Meg came for the second time, screaming at Pete to keep going, hard, fast, deep. She was in heaven; her vaginal contractions were so intense she thought she might faint. He felt her come and he spent himself in her at the same time, his hips bucking, his head rolling from side to side as he experienced the best feeling of his entire life.

The three of them knelt on the floor and Tim and Pete kissed Meg on her tits, her arms, her thighs, her mouth. She stroked their arms, their faces, and their hair.

After a few minutes they all got up and dressed.

Meg presented the two young men with the items they were to leave the Kidz-home with and got them to sign that they were leaving.

She gave each of them a kiss on the lips and said goodbye.

Pete and Tim looked very sad when they walked out of the office towards their new lives working in the colliery.

----------

Jess sat in Phil Slater's office eating her lunch. They each had a salad and a cup of ersatz coffee.

"I hear they are growing the real stuff in decent quantities now," said Slater, "I don't get to taste real coffee very often."

Jess had formed a favorable opinion of Phil Slater; he seemed quite open and decent. She decided to try a new tack.

"There is another reason for me being here than just being a clerical worker." She told him.

"How do you mean?"

"I am looking for someone, someone who may have been in this establishment."

"Why?"

"She is a relative, her parents died when she was very young and she was sent to a Kidz-home. We have been looking for her for a long time and I thought she might have been here."

She showed him a copy of the picture Jacobs had given Maud of Kay.

He had to think fast. Why was this young woman really looking for the girl? He had to give her something, but what?

"I think you might be better looking for her in the darker parts of town." he said.

"How do you mean?"

"A pretty young thing like that would be in demand in a house of pleasure if you get my meaning."

"How do I gain access to the `darker side` of town?"

"I think I may be able to introduce you to someone who could introduce you, etcetera."

"O.k., let's do that then."

"I will take you out this evening, dress nicely and do as you are told, I am sure we will make a `connection` with somebody."

Jess finished her lunch and left Slater's office. She went back to work. Meg Smith was very quiet that afternoon, but had such a smile on her face.......

----------

The cafe opened and the customers started to arrive. Kay noticed that they were all physically impaired in one way or another. The customers sat at the tables and waited to be served. She approached a group of five and stood, her pencil and pad in her hand. 

"What's your thing honey?" asked one of them.

"Oh, nothing." She replied.

"Ha ha! well nothing we can see anyway."

"No really, nothing."

"Ooh we are privileged, being waited on by a Norm!"

She took their order and went to the kitchen to get it filled.

"There are an awful lot of you aren't there?" She said to Gwen.

"That doesn't sound very nice, but I shall accept the fact that you are very innocent and let it pass." came the reply.

"I am sorry; I did not mean it like that. I meant that I never knew anything about you."

"We are tolerated, but they like to ignore us."

Kay waited table for a couple of hours and was told to take a break.

She stood in the kitchen and spoke to Raymond, Chef's understudy.

"Tell me about Chef and the cafe and this part of town."

"Chef set up this place a few years ago."

"Are all the people in the south side Chal?"

"Yes."

"Have there always been Chal?"

"Ever since the Final War."

"We were not told much about it in the Kidz-home; what happened?"

"Twenty years of arguing and then two hours of total annihilation. They say that Mayor Jacobs is descended from the general that pressed the button that wiped away China."

"I know him; he came to visit the Kidz-home once."

"Oy girl!" shouted Chef, "break over, back to work!"

She waited table for a couple of hours more.

Towards the end of the evening when things were much quieter some customers arrived who looked different from the usual. They were two attractive young men. They sat at a small table in the corner. Kay started to walk towards them when Gwen stepped in front of her.

"Leave them!" she whispered to Kay as she pushed by. "These two are mine!"

She was surprised at Gwen, who had seemed much more laid back than that.

Gwen limped ungainly to the table and stood, lop-sided, looking at the two young men.

"Hi boys," she said smiling, "What would you like tonight?"

"Two of Chef's specials please Gwen." Replied one of them; "to start, anyway."

She dragged herself away from the table towards the kitchen.

Ben Logan had brought his friend Jim Wicks to the cafe.

"The food there is amazing." He had told Jim, "and there is this waitress, Gwen, she is so lovely."

Jim had sniggered when Ben had pointed Gwen out in the cafe.

"You fancy a Chal, you crazy fool!" He said.

"Look beyond the leg Jim, look at the face, the figure, the eyes!"

Jim stared at the waitress for a while.

"I guess you have a point my friend." He admitted.

"So tell me Ben, is your uncle going to get his hands on the land between here and Lucastown?"

"I don't know Jim, Lewis Jacobs is buying up huge tracts of desert around the towns."

"So is the rumor true that the Dent Corporation may be willing to reclaim the soil from the radiation pollution?"
