 The phone rang in Beryl Fong's office at noon on Thursday. Beryl picked up.

"Hello, Beryl here." She said into the mouthpiece.

The caller was Stan Reynolds, owner of the garment factory. The conversation went as follows:

"Hi Beryl, how are you?"

"Very well but not so wealthy my darling."

"No change there then; but enough of that. I have a very important buyer coming in from the city today; I would like you to arrange for her to find our little town worth repeat visits."

"What can you tell me about her?"

"She is thirty and single, that's about it."

"We shall have to play it by ear then."

"I was thinking a boy and a girl?"

"Great minds think alike Stan."

"What's it going to cost me?"

"Five hundred bucks and a wedding dress."

"What happened to the last one?"

"It got a bit torn. Someone was in too much of a hurry."

"Ha ha!"

"Bring her in this evening, sit at the bar with her and we shall see what transpires."

"Thanks Beryl. Bye"

"Bye Stan, see you tonight."

Beryl hung up, picked the phone back up and stabbed a number on the keypad. She waited.

The phone rang in Betty Sargeson's office. Betty picked up.

"Hi, Betty speaking."

"Hi Betty, it's Beryl."

"Hi sweetie, you o.k.?"

"Fine. Can you get your shiftless nephew to bring my girls back today? I have work for them."

"Sure. I shall send them up to you straight away."

"See you soon Betty. Bye."

"Bye Beryl."

Betty hung up.

Betty got up from her desk and walked out of her office. She walked into the deserted gaming room and shouted "Maurice!" in her loudest voice.

Maurice appeared at the top of the stairs a minute later.

"What is it? Aunt Betty?"

"Get dressed and get those girls back to Beryl straight away. Has Jess come back from the Kidz-home yet?"

"Not yet. She will be back soon."

"Well you won't have time to kiss her bye-bye because you need to leave now."

"O.k. aunty, I'm going."

Maurice disappeared back to his room.

Denise and Maggie had been awoken by Betty's shout and were getting up when Maurice returned.

"Shower?" He asked.

"Sure." replied Denise.

"Me too?" asked Maggie.

"Sorry babe, there isn't quite the room for three." said Maurice.

With that, Maggie got back under the satin sheet for a doze.

Maurice watched Denise's hips wiggle as she padded to the shower room, showing off her firm round ass. Maurice could never tire of watching that beautiful ass. He felt his cock stiffen as he followed her.

Denise stepped into the shower and turned it on.

"Oooh that's cold!" She said, standing under the water spray. Maurice could see her nipples hardening at the feel of the cold water. Maurice did not follow her into the shower straight away; he preferred to wait until it was warm. He stood, looking at her.

Denise was a lovely example of a twenty-two year old woman, with slim legs and firm rounded hips, a flat tummy and that ever so lovely ass. Her large firm round boobs with their stiff pink nipples cried out to be rubbed and sucked.

"Christ Mo!" She exclaimed, pointing to his rock hard erection."What are you thinking about?"

Maurice looked down and saw that he had become very stiff indeed.

"This is what happens when a man sees you, you fantastic creature."

"Oh don't be so silly."

Denise picked up a bar of soap and began to work up a lather in her hands. She started to apply the lather to her arms and legs. The water had soaked her hair and it hung in straggles over her face. She turned away from Maurice and bent over to wash her toes, presenting him with a view of her cunt and asshole. Maurice stepped into the shower behind her. The tray was large and there was room for him to stand behind the bent over girl. He took hold of his cock and pointed it downwards a little. He rubbed the tip up and down her slit.

Denise put her right hand out in front of her against the shower wall.

"Go on then." She said.

Maurice crouched a little and wriggled his cock head in between her labia. He pushed it inside her. He was just inside her.

"Put it all in." She told him.

Maurice grabbed hold of her hips and slid his length into her. He began to thrust gently.

"Come on Mo, give it to me." She told him.

Maurice began to move a bit faster, thrusting more forcefully.

"That's my boy, come on, oooh now that is nice." She urged him on.

Maurice gave her a good fucking and she climaxed with a squeal of delight. Maurice moaned as he emptied his balls inside her.

The two young lovers showered together, kissing as they cleaned themselves.

Maggie walked into the shower room.

"Hurry up you two, Betty has been shouting again and I want to get cleaned up too."

They stepped out of the shower and Maggie stepped in.

----------

An hour later, having brunched on bread and cheese, the three of them left the gaming house in Lucastown and headed up the highway to Rivertown.

The Rivertown hotel was a three-storey building. Originally twelve storeys' the reclaimed portion of three was enough for the needs of Beryl Fong, the owner. Beryl had managed to turn the wreck into a very smart hotel and bar. The hotel was frequented by lots of locals and it had earned the nickname `The House of Fun'.

Maurice stopped the jeep outside of the entrance and jumped out. He walked around to the passenger side, opened the door and taking Denise by the hand, helped her out.

"Thank you my man." She said to him, smiling.

Maurice let go of her hand and slapped her playfully on the ass.

"Get in there and earn Beryl some bucks." He replied, smiling back.

"What about me?" asked Maggie from the back seat.

Maurice opened the rear passenger door and handed her out too. Maggie pressed herself against him as she got out.

"Are you turning straight?" he asked.

"Maybe for you, lover boy." She answered.

The three young people went into the hotel.

They stood in front of Beryl Fong's desk. Beryl explained the reason for their hurried return.

"Stan Reynolds is bringing an important client in this evening. He wants her entertained, says he wants her to have a reason to want to come back to our town. I was thinking maybe you would like to volunteer to help Maurice."

"I am always glad to assist my aunt's oldest and dearest friend." Maurice told her.

"Maggie," Beryl looked at the brunette, "I would like you to attend to her as well."

"Certainly Beryl, I shall enjoy working with Mo."

"What about me?" Denise asked.

"Take the night off sweetheart; give your pussy a rest." Beryl told her.

Denise scowled, turned on her heel and stormed off.

Maurice and Maggie looked at each other, smiled and shrugged their shoulders.

"Right you two," said Beryl, "go and rest and dress to impress. I want you on top form tonight."

----------

Stan Reynolds had welcomed Sarah Worth and shown her the factory. He managed three hundred workers, all engaged in the production of a wide variety of garments.

"This is an impressive set up Mr. Reynolds." She told him.

"Please, call me Stan." He replied.

"Well, Stan, I think we might be able to place a sizeable order. I do have one or two other factories to visit, so we shall see."

"I have booked you a room at the Rivertown hotel." He told her. "If you have seen everything here, I can take you there and you can relax."

"That would be nice; I have had a long journey."

Stan drove Sarah to the hotel and saw her to her room.

"Can I take you for a drink in the hotel bar this evening?" He asked her.

"Certainly," she replied, "I think that would be most pleasant."

"I will call for you at eight then Ms. Worth."

"Oh please, call me Sarah."

"See you later then, Sarah."

Stan left her in her room. He walked out of the hotel with a wide grin on his face.

At eight on the dot Stan knocked gently on Sarah's door. She opened the door and walked into the corridor. She was wearing a dark red dress which came down to the knee. It fitted well, showing off her curvy figure to its best. Her long wavy auburn hair hung over her shoulders. She had very little make-up apart from bright red lipstick. Stan wore his best suit. Made up by his best seamstresses, it made him look very handsome for a man of forty five.

The hotel bar was busy. People from the water plant, the road construction company and local government made up the clientele. Men and women of all ages sat around at tables drinking and chatting. Stan led Sarah to two stools at the bar.

"What'll it be?" He asked.

"Do you have Vodka?" She asked the barman. "And tonic?"

He nodded.

"Two Vodka Tonics." Stan told him.

Maggie and Maurice entered the bar area. They scanned the room and spotted Stan and Sarah at the bar.

"Ooh, she is pretty." Maggie whispered to Maurice.

"This is going to be fun." He added.

Maurice walked to the bar and stood behind Stan. He gave Stan a little nudge in the back.

"Will you excuse me Sarah?" Stan said to her as he got up from his bar stool, "I have a little errand to run."

"Of course." She replied.

Stan walked away from the bar. Sarah was presented with the sight of an attractive young man with black curly hair smiling at her.

"Hi." He said, "can I keep you company while your friend is away?"

"Oh, o.k."

Maurice held out his hand. "Maurice, nice to meet you."

Sarah took his hand.

"Sarah, likewise."

Maurice engaged her in small talk, smiling all the time and leaning in close, trying to make physical contact.

Maggie walked over and stood next to Sarah.

"Hi Mo, who's your friend?" She asked.

"This is Sarah; she is here with Stan Reynolds."

"Lucky Stan." Maggie licked her lips as she looked at Sarah.

"Pleased to meet you Sarah, I'm Maggie," she said, holding out her hand.

"And you Maggie."

Sarah shook Maggie's hand. Maggie caressed the older woman's hand a little bit and kept hold of it just a bit longer than normal.

Maggie stared into Sarah's eyes, giving her a look of desire. Sarah felt herself blushing. She also felt a tingling sensation in her tummy.

"Drinks ladies?" Maurice broke the spell.

"Oh y- yes, yes please." stuttered Sarah.

"You know what I like Mo." said Maggie, still looking into Sarah's eyes.

Maurice ordered two Vodka tonics and a beer for himself.

Stan looked over from the side of the room. He could see Maggie and Maurice were getting on well with Sarah. He went over to them.

"Sorry, I took a while." He apologized.

"No problem Stan." Sarah told him. "I have made some friends."

Stan turned to Maurice. "Can I leave my friend with you? I have a busy day tomorrow and need to prepare."

"If Sarah is happy with our company, then we would love to look after her." He replied.

"Oh Sarah is happy with our company, isn't she?" Said Maggie, still looking at Sarah.

"Yes, yes she is." said Sarah.

"I look forward to hearing from you about the order." Stan said to her.

"I will be in touch." she replied.

Stan walked away from the bar, a very wide grin on his face.

Maggie leaned in close and whispered in Sarah's ear. "Let's go to your room."

Sarah slipped off the bar stool and, taking Maggie by the hand, led her out of the bar. Maurice fell in behind Maggie. He gave her a playful little pinch on the ass as they walked.

Sarah took them to her room. As soon as the door was closed behind them Maggie took Sarah's head in her hands and kissed her on the mouth. Sarah stood motionless, letting the younger woman take control. Maggie pressed her body against Sarah's. Maurice stood behind Sarah and unzipped her dress. Maggie stepped back and pulled the garment off of her shoulders and down. Maurice unclipped her bra and it fell forward from her fulsome breasts. Maggie kissed Sarah's nipples. Sarah let out a moan of pleasure at the sensation of having them kissed. Maggie licked the now erect nipples and then sucked them.

Maurice wriggled the dress down and over Sarah's hips. He let it slide to her ankles. She stepped out of her dress. Sarah lifted her left foot behind her and Maurice removed her high heel, then she did the same with her right, he removed that too.

Maurice put his hands on her ass and massaged her buttocks through the material of her black lacy panties. Maggie kept her mouth working on Sarah's tits.

Sarah had stood still until now, letting the young couple touch her up. The feeling they had aroused in her was one of pure lust. She could feel herself wetting her panties. Sarah grabbed Maggie by the hair and lifted her mouth off of her tits. She clamped her mouth onto Maggie's and kissed her as hard as she could.

Maurice gently slid Sarah's panties over her hips and down to her ankles. Sarah lifted her feet one at a time and he took her panties off her.

Maurice scrunched Sarah's panties into a ball and held them to his face. He inhaled deeply, savoring her aroma.

Maggie broke away from the embrace and, taking Sarah by the hand, led her to the bed. Sarah knelt on the bed, looking at her. Maggie began to undress. Maggie undressed slowly, never taking her eyes away from Sarah's. The older woman watched her as if in a trance. Maurice stood a little to one side and stripped, Sarah never noticed him; she only had eyes for Maggie.

Maggie got onto the bed to Sarah's right and gently pushed her onto her back. She put her arms around her and started to kiss her again. Sarah rolled onto her right side to face Maggie and Maurice got onto the bed behind Sarah. Sarah could feel Maurice's stiff penis pressing against her back. Maggie rubbed her right hand up and down Sarah's flank. Maurice slipped his right hand in between Sarah's thighs and pushed up. She got the message and lifted her left leg. Maurice wriggled down the bed a little, getting into position. He took hold of his cockshaft and adjusted himself until he had the tip at Sarah's slit. He felt Maggie's fingers pulling Sarah's cunt lips apart and he pushed forward a little. Sarah pushed back onto him and he slid into her effortlessly.

"Ooooh, mmmm." She moaned as she felt him fill her. Maggie saw that she had her eyes closed.

Maggie glanced over her shoulder and winked at Maurice.

Maurice thrust very gently and Sarah pushed back in the same way. Maggie turned her attention back to Sarah's lovely tits.

The gentle fucking went on for a couple of minutes and then Maurice started thrusting more forcefully. Sarah responded by pushing back harder and moaning louder. His thrusts got faster as he felt himself coming. Sarah gave a long low moan of ecstasy as she climaxed; her insides contracting, squeezing his cock.

Maurice pulled out of her just before he came and he sent his seed squirting over the two women. The first jet landed on Maggie's legs, and the second and the third. The fourth lot striped Sarah's thigh and the final squirt dribbled down behind.

"Clean that up." Maggie whispered. Maurice slid down off the foot of the bed and standing over them, he leaned down and started to lick his semen off the two women. He started on Maggie. She rolled onto her back legs together. His seed was all over her shins and her knees. Maurice licked it up and swallowed it.

"Good boy." She told him.

Maurice got between Sarah's thighs and licked the spunk from her hot soft flesh. This time he did not swallow. He climbed onto the bed and crawled on top of Sarah. He held his mouth over her and let his spit and spunk dribble from his mouth. She looked up at this beautiful young man who was just about to dribble his mess onto her and felt delirious with lust. She opened her mouth wide and let the mixture slop into it. She swished the salty mixture around her mouth and swallowed.

Sarah felt hands spreading her legs and then she felt a tongue lapping at her vagina. Maggie had got down and started to eat her out. Maggie licked and flicked with her tongue, causing Sarah to writhe and moan. Maggie's tongue expertly stimulated Sarah's clitoris, Sarah had the feeling that her clit was on fire.

"Oooooooh! Oooooh! Ooohoo!" she howled as she experienced an overwhelming orgasm. Maggie caught a face full of ejaculate as Sarah squirted for the first time in her life.

Maggie came up for air and kissed Sarah on the mouth again. She could taste her own juice on the other woman's mouth.

Maggie and Maurice let Sarah relax now, and they all drifted off to sleep, cuddled together on the big bed under a soft clean duvet.

----------

Sarah Worth woke before the other two. She was lying between them, her arms wrapped around Maggie, whose head was nestling in her bosom, whilst Maurice was spooning her. Sarah's feelings were a mixture of maternal affection and animal lust. The beautiful young woman in her arms looked a bit like her; they could be cousins or even half sisters. Maggie was snoring ever so gently and to Sarah it she sounded a bit like a purring kitten might sound. Sarah extricated herself from the two young people and slid down the bed still under the soft clean duvet. She had realized that Maggie had given her all the attention last night and had not been served in any way.

Sarah tried to gently push Maggie's legs apart. The younger woman rolled onto her back, murmured something in her sleep and opened her legs. Sarah put her mouth to Maggie's cunt. She sniffed, savoring the aroma of a hot young woman. Sarah had never had feelings of this sort for another woman before, but this girl had aroused something in her. Sarah poked her tongue out and licked Maggie's labia. Maggie murmured again. Sarah put her fingers to Maggie and prised her cunt lips apart. She found Maggie's clit and started to lick it, trying to copy what she had experienced the night before. After a few minutes Maggie started to moan a little and move her hips. It seemed to Sarah that Maggie was trying to press against whatever was stimulating her sex.

Maggie slowly awoke to the sensation of having her pussy licked. She could feel Sarah's hair against her thighs and smiled to herself. She lay still, enjoying the older woman's attentions. She let out a little moan as she became more aroused. She put her hands on Sarah's hair and smoothed it. Her breathing got heavier as she got ever closer to climax. She tugged gently on Sarah's hair. She writhed and wriggled as she felt it start, the lovely sensation she felt inside herself when she came.

"Aaaaah!" she cried as it happened, her body convulsing, her insides contracting. Her legs pulled together, squeezing Sarah's head and making her pull away.

Sarah emerged from under the duvet and smiled at Maggie.

"Did I do it right?" she asked.

"Mmmm, lovely." came the reply.

Maggie nestled back in Sarah's arms and dozed a little bit longer.

Sarah Worth got out of bed, showered, dressed and packed her bag. As she was leaving the room she looked over her shoulder to see the two young people beginning to rise.

"Bye, bye." she said to them.

Maggie looked at her with big eyes and asked if she was ever going to see her again.

"Do you want to see me again?" she asked.

"I would love to." Maggie told her.

"Then I shall come back to see you." With that, she left the room and went home.

Maurice looked at Maggie. "Well that went well."

"I really liked her; I hope she does come back."

"Oh I think she will babe, I really think she will. Now I must get back too." Maurice also began to prepare for his return home

----------

The next evening was busy, as the cafe always was.

At around ten, when things were starting to wind down, two older men walked into the cafe. They walked straight over to a corner table and sat. Kay went over to take their order.

"Good evening," she said, "may I take your order?"

"Two chef's specials please." one replied.

She went to the kitchen to inform Chef of their choice.

"Get out and clear the empty tables, I will call you for the food when it is ready." He barked at her.
