 Maurice walked down the stairs towards the exit and stopped. He had no reason to go back to Lucastown except perhaps to have some more sex with Jess. He really liked Denise and she had been a bit miffed when excluded from Sarah's seduction, so he thought he would stay for a couple of days to cheer her up.

He spent the day helping Beryl's staff clear up the bar and even tidied a few rooms for her. Beryl said he could have some free beers in the cellar bar that evening as payment.

That evening, around eight, the cellar bar began to fill. Located around the back of the hotel and down some steps, this was the bar frequented by men looking for some wilder entertainment. The Lucastown colliery sent busloads all the way to Rivertown just to visit the infamous `Cellar bar of Beryl Fong`.

It was quite a large room with plenty of small round tables, each with three or four chairs. The bar itself was a long substantial wooden edifice with stools in front. Behind the bar were shelves with bottles of all sorts of booze on them and a big sign which stated `Paper money only - or else!`

Two attractive young barmen were busy pouring beer as the customers clamored to be served.

Suddenly the music started. A loud hard-rock tune blared from huge speakers somewhere in the room, a cheer went up, and then they appeared.

Two of Beryl's girls, Libby and Vicky jumped up onto the bar. Both girls clad in black leather bikinis and black leather collars. They both had long hair tied in a pony tail on top of their pretty heads; Libby a blonde and Vicky a brunette. They danced vigorously to the beat, legs apart, hips swaying, shimmying their bodies, making their boobs wobble.

More cheering as they kicked their legs to the beat and waved their arms. Libby turned her back to the audience, looked over her shoulder, winked and pulled her bikini bottoms down a little bit. A huge cheer went up and balls of scrunched up dollar bills flew at her.

Vicky looked wide-eyed at the audience and shook her head; a shout of `yes!` went up. She mouthed `no` at them, they shouted `yes!` back. Libby looked on, mouthing `oh come on`.

"Vicky! Vicky! Vicky!" shouted the audience.

Vicky mouthed `oh o.k.`, turned and slipped her bikini bottoms down just a little bit so they could see her ass cheeks. A huge cheer went up.

Then Maggie jumped up on stage. She was wearing a red corset, red panties, red stockings and the highest heels ever seen. In each hand she had a dog lead. A huge cheer went up. She mouthed `naughty girls` as she stalked along the bar, stopping between the girls. Another cheer. Maggie clipped a lead to each collar and gave a little tug; both girl's heads were pulled towards her. They looked annoyed.

Maggie pulled Libby close up to her and kissed her on the mouth - a cheer. She pulled Vicky up close and kissed her- another cheer. She pulled both girls together and they kissed each other - a really big cheer.

Maggie unclipped both leads and pushed both girls away from her and then she began to dance frantically. She worked her hips and her boobs expertly, managing not to twist her ankles and fall despite the ridiculously high heels. Vicky and Libby danced at her side, first at a distance and then moving closer. As the tune came to a close the three young women were right up against each other, their hands moving over each other's bodies. The balls of money rained in on them.

Maurice looked on, smiling at his friend driving all the men crazy and knowing that all she ever wanted were girls.

A new tune started up and Maggie disappeared. Libby and Vicky danced a bit slower this time, swaying their hips and shoulders rather than shaking them. They looked at the audience with wicked smiles. Vicky turned her back to Libby and Libby untied her bikini top. Vicky put her hands on her boobs, holding the top in place and walked along the bar, then she let it fall. There was a huge cheer as she exposed her cute little tits to the watching crowd, and the money rained down.

Libby turned her back to the crowd and squatted. A young man in the crowd reached up and untied her top, she stood and turned and let it fall. The crowd cheered.

Both girls strutted along the bar, tits jiggling, hips swaying. More money was thrown at them.

They stood, side by side, backs to the crowd. They bent forward, reached behind them, took hold of their bikini bottoms and wriggled them all the way down to their ankles. The crowd erupted.

Maurice had never heard such a din. More than a hundred young men baying for the girls to turn around; and then they did. The sight of the two beautiful naked young women was more than some could take. One tried to climb onto the bar but was pulled back down by the new security guy. A lot of them knocked over tables and chairs as they surged towards the bar to get closer to the girls.

"DO YOU WANT MORE!!??" screamed Libby at the top of her voice.

"YES!!!!" they all shouted back.

"THEN BEHAVE YOUR FUCKING SELVES!!!!" she screamed.

Order was gradually restored as they realized that the girls might leave if it all got out of hand.

The music had changed to a slower beat and the girls moved slowly now. Libby put her hand on Vicky's soft brown muff. Vicky swayed her hips and did a little thrust towards Libby's hand. The crowd was silent now, all eyes watching the girl's hand on the other girl's snatch. Libby stared at the crowd and slipped her finger inside Vicky. Vicky threw her head back and jiggled her boobs.

Libby took her finger out of Vicky, squatted down and offered it to a man sat at the bar. He opened his mouth and Libby put it in. He sucked her finger. Libby took her finger out of his mouth, stood up and pointed at Vicky.

"TASTY BABE!!" she screamed at the crowd.

"YEAAAHHHH!" they all screamed back.

The money rained down on them some more.

Vicky got down on her hands and knees and crawled over to Libby. Libby stood with her legs apart and Vicky put her mouth to Libby's soft blonde snatch. The crowd waited. Vicky poked out her tongue and lapped at Libby's snatch, the crowd murmured. Libby took Vicky's head in her hands and pushed it hard against her hot wet cunt and moaned. The crowd watched, enthralled.

The show went on for a few more moments and then Libby simulated an orgasm. This sent the crowd wild again, money rained in some more. Both girls slipped off the back of the stage and ran off to the changing room. The barmen started pouring more beer in preparation for the huge demand for liquid to smooth the men's hoarse throats.

Maurice went backstage after the show had finished, to offer his congratulations. He was met by the sight of Libby sat on a chair, legs spread, being licked out by Maggie.

"Oooh yes baby, do it to me, mmm, yes, mmm." she was murmuring as she felt the expert attention of the lesbian whore.

Maurice was excited by the sight; he could feel his cock stiffen as he watched.

"Hi Mo," came a voice from behind him," do you want to do that to me?" It was Vicky.

"Sit on that chair then baby." he replied.

Vicky sat and spread her legs, her beautiful brown muff on display. Maurice knelt in front of her and licked her slit; she tasted sweet, just like he knew she would. Maurice got her warmed up and ready and then he pounced. He had gotten his cock out and only needed to lift himself a little bit to put it in her. She looked surprised as he lifted her legs and shoved his stiff cock into her in one smooth motion. The chair rocked back onto its back legs as he pushed into her; luckily it was near the wall so they did not fall over.

"Christ Mo, you're keen," she said.

"And you are one fucking sexy bitch," he replied.

Despite the awkward position, Maurice managed to fuck Vicky quite well. He thrust in and out with a regular rapid motion and she reacted by thrusting against him. It only took a minute before they both came, him grunting and her squealing with delight.

Maurice gingerly pulled out of her, keeping his back straight and his legs bent. A stream of semen flowed out of her and onto the chair.

Maggie was taking it a bit slower with Libby and she came after the other two.

"Ooh baby, ooh baby ooh!" she cried as she was brought to a shuddering climax.

Maggie smiled; she knew no man could bring a girl off better than her with their tongue.

Maurice left the dressing room and went to look for Denise. He left the cellar bar and walked around to the front of the hotel. He walked in and headed to the main bar.

As he entered the bar he saw her sitting on a stool at the bar, a man either side of her talking to her. Maurice stopped and looked at her.

She was wearing a dark blue long sleeve dress that came down to a little way above the knee. She was perched on the bar stool with her legs crossed causing the dress to ride up, exposing her thigh a little. Her high heels finished her off perfectly. She was turned towards one of the men; the other was standing close behind her, his head resting on her shoulder.

Maurice stood behind the man standing at her back and listened in.

"We don't mind paying extra," said the man she was turned towards.

"Come on baby, you know you want to," said the other man.

"It might hurt though," said Denise in a little girl voice.

"We will be so gentle with you, it won't hurt at all."

The man behind her was rubbing himself against her back. He gave her ear a little nibble.

"Oooh stop," she giggled, "you are giving me goose bumps."

"Christ you know how to turn a guy on, don't you."

Denise reached behind her and rubbed his leg. The man in front of her put his hand on her thigh and rubbed it up and down. She pushed his hand away.

"No, you mustn't. I am not that sort of girl."

"Come on baby, drink up and come with us. I can get some Champagne sent up to the room."

"Champagne makes me do things I shouldn't." That little girl voice again.

Maurice smiled to himself; Denise knew how to put on a performance. He was getting turned on by her act too. He decided to try something. He moved across and stood in front of Denise.

"Oh, so there you are," he looked at her as he spoke.

"I told you Maurice, we are finished," Denise replied to him. She pointed to the man in front of her. "This is Brad." She put her hand on the cheek of the man standing with his head on her shoulder. "And this is Stu. They are bigger and stronger and a little bit older than you, they are real men."

"Well I don't believe you Denise, we can't be over; you love me."

"O.k., you want me to show you how over we are? I am going to take these two up to my room and let them fuck my brains out, and you are gonna watch."

"No Denise, please, no."

Denise slipped off of the bar stool and, putting her arms around the two men walked out of the bar, Maurice followed, his balls tingling at the prospect of the show he was about to watch.

Denise opened the door to her room and led them all in. Once in, she turned and started to kiss Brad. Stu stood behind her and unzipped her dress. Denise stood still and let her hands drop to her sides, allowing him to slip the dress off her shoulders and down over her arms. Maurice, sitting in a large comfy armchair, looked on.

Maurice looked at her bra; it was the same one she had been wearing when she had been servicing Charlie back at the gambling house.

Brad put his head down to her boobs and kissed the exposed flesh above the bra cups. Stu started to kiss her back.

"Mmm," she whispered.

Denise wiggled her hips and her dress slid further down. Brad grabbed hold of the material and pushed it down, it slid all the way to her ankles and she stepped out of it. Denise broke away from the embrace and walked over to the bed dressed just in her bra, panties and high heels.

Maurice watched that wiggle as she walked, her ass cheeks rolling ever so slightly as she crossed the room. He could feel his erection straining at his underpants.

Brad and Stu tore their clothes off, they were getting very excited.

Denise got on all fours on the edge of the bed, her ass on display. She gave it a wiggle. Brad stood behind her and rubbed her ass cheeks through her lacy panties. Stu climbed onto the bed and lay in front of her on his back. Maurice started to rub his groin through his trousers.

"Where do you keep the lube?" Brad asked.

"Top drawer over on the left," Denise replied.

He walked to the chest of drawers, opened the top drawer and looked inside.

"What have we here?" he asked as he produced from the drawer a bright green rubber cock. He held it up for the other men to see.

"So that's how big a Martian is," laughed Stu.

Brad took a plastic tub from the drawer, removed the lid and pushed the rubber cock into the contents.

"Let's get him all nice and slippery," he said as he coated the cock in lube. "Nice and slippery for you baby."

Stu shuffled down the bed until his erect penis was under Denise's mouth. She lowered her open mouth and took his cock head in. She licked and sucked, and he moaned.

Brad gently slipped her panties off her ass and down a little way. Her furry slit was exposed, inviting interference. He offered the rubber cock to it and rubbed it up and down her slit. She gave a muffled moan as she felt it.

Brad gently pried her labia apart with the rubber cock and inserted it a little way inside her.

"You like that baby?"

"MMmmmmm!"

"More?"

"Mmmm."

He pushed more into her, gently working it back and forth until all seven inches were buried in the girl.

"God she sucks cock good," said Stu as she worked on his swollen glans.

Brad left the rubber cock in Denise, went back to the drawer and returned carrying the jar of lube. He dipped the two middle fingers of his right hand in and scooped a liberal amount out onto his fingers. He walked back and stood behind her.

Brad put his fingers to her puckered anus and gently rubbed some lube around her hole. Denise took her mouth away from Stu.

"W-what are you doing?" she asked, sounding concerned.

"Getting you ready baby, getting you ready," he replied in a soft voice.

He carefully poked his forefinger into her ass hole, rotating it as he did so.

"Ooh no, stop!" she cried.

"Ssshh baby, I will be gentle."

"Oh Maurice, make them stop."

Brad took his finger out of her ass and then slid both middle fingers in.

"Ooooh no! It hurts!"

"Nice and tight, nice and slippery, now for some fun."

Brad took his fingers out of her ass, coated his erection with lubricant and offered the swollen purple head to her ass. He pushed the tip inside her.

"No, no, no ,no," she cried.

"Yes, yes, yes," he responded.

Stu grabbed her hair and forced her head back down onto him; she opened her mouth and took his length in, his cock head reaching to the back of her throat.

Denise gagged as she felt the stiff member rub on her throat.

Brad pushed more of his cock into her back passage, the green rubber cock still deep in her wet twat.

"How is she?" asked Stu.

"Tight, oh so fucking tight. God this feels good," his friend replied.

Muffled squeaks and moans emanated from Denise as she felt all her holes being filled.

Brad started to thrust in and out of her. Stu released his grip, allowing her a chance to take a breath. She took her mouth away from his cock, a stream of saliva issuing from her mouth.

"Oh God stop!" she cried again. "Please stop."

They took no notice. Brad was thrusting harder now, nearing the end. Stu shuffled out from under her and got off the bed.

"Oh Jesus fucking Christ!!" shouted Brad as he climaxed. He shot a huge load up her ass, his hot sticky seed filling her.

"My turn," said Stu as he smothered his cock in lube.

"No, no more, please no more," pleaded the girl.

Brad stood aside, his flaccid cock dripping. Stu stood behind Denise and presented his cock to her anus; he pushed it in.

"Aaargh!" she cried.

"Lovely, lovely, lovely," he murmured as he felt himself squeezed by her tight little ass. He started to thrust.

Maurice was spell bound, Denise was giving a fantastic performance of an anal virgin.

Stu, ass-fucked the girl with enthusiasm, pushing his cock all the way in and then pulling it all the way out savoring the feeling each time he entered her now gaping ass hole.

"Oh God, oh shit!" he cried as he came, sending another load up inside the girl.

Stu pulled out and a stream of semen followed his cock out of Denise's ass, dribbling down and staining the bed cover.

Denise rolled onto her back, her legs dangling off the bed, the rubber cock still lodged in her cunt.

Brad pulled her panties back up, wriggling them over her hips and into place.

"There, that should keep the Martian in his place and stop the mess slopping out all over the bed," he laughed.

"We done her good," said Stu, looking at Maurice, "still want her as your girlfriend?"

"No, she's just a dirty whore," he replied, still sitting in the armchair nursing his erection.

The two men dressed, left a wad of money on the bedside table and left the room, patting each other on the back and laughing.

"Did you like watching?" she asked after they had left.

"No more than you liked showing."

Denise got off the bed, slipped her heels off and padded to the shower, the rubber cock still lodged inside her. Maurice followed, stripping as he went.

Denise turned the shower on and stepped in. Maurice got in behind her and unclipping her bra, took it from her body and threw it out onto the floor.

Denise slipped her panties down and off, she let them sit in the corner of the shower tray, the water washing the semen out of them. She slipped the rubber cock out of her vagina and placed it on the panties.

She turned and started to kiss Maurice, he kissed her back, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her to him. She reached down between their bodies and began to rub his cock. He moaned aloud as he felt the girl stimulating him.

The performance he had witnessed had got him very excited and it did not take long before he gave a sigh and his semen shot out of him coating both their stomachs.

Denise broke the embrace and began to wash him, he washed her in return. He lathered his hands with some soap and washed his seed from her belly. He knelt in front of her, reached between her legs and slipped a finger up her ass. He wriggled it around and pulled it out of her, cleaning the other men's spunk from her. He slipped two fingers up her cunt and cleaned the lube and cunt juice from her. She stood, stock still, legs apart, letting him attend to her.

The two young lovers stepped out of the shower and dried each other with soft cotton towels, and walked back into the bedroom, climbed into bed and went to sleep, wrapped in each other's arms.

----------

Delta patrol returned from their shift in the evening. It had been three days since they had picked Kay up in the desert. The armored car sped into the compound as usual and the five members of the patrol disembarked.

"Sarge," said Joe Adams, "do you want to come to the bar for a drink, unwind a bit?"

"No, not tonight." replied Stone.

"Hey sarge," said Si Pitt, "Is there something bothering you?"

Tom Stone did not reply as he walked slowly away from his team.

"He is not right." Said Pete Jenks as he watched his sergeant walk away.

Tom Stone had not slept well for two nights. His conscience had kept him awake. He had sent Kay out into the wasteland that was the south side of Rivertown, alone.

Stone reached his rooms and let himself in. He sat at the small table, a dejected look on his face. Tom came to a decision; he would find the girl and take her back to the Kidz-home where they would know what to do with her.

Tom changed into a shirt and jeans, stout boots and a warm jacket. It got pretty cold out at night. He had his money belt under his shirt and under his jacket Tom had his pistol in a shoulder holster. He left the barracks and crossed the compound. Frank Shaw was walking towards him.
