 Jess used the payphone in the gaming room to phone Maud at the precinct. She told her boss that she could find no trace of the missing girl and might as well come home. Maud told her that she would collect her in person. About ninety minutes later Maud pulled up a couple of blocks away from the gambling house.

"Thanks boss," said Jess as she climbed into the jeep.

"No problem. You got everything?"

"Yes, all packed."

"Let's hit the road."

With that, Maud put the jeep in gear and headed home.

"So you drew a blank," said Maud.

"Nobody has seen or heard of the missing girl. The director of the Kidz-home, the people in the gambling house, the men from the colliery, no-one," replied Jess.

"Yet she was closer to this town than any other, short of dying out there in the desert where could she have got to?"

"Did you discover anything in Rivertown?"

"Only that Lewis and Lisa Jacobs are fucking his secretary."

"How did you find that out?"

"Lisa told me after she had fucked me."

"Jesus boss! I never knew you were gay."

"It seems I like both men and women, I hope you won't feel intimidated by me."

"No, not at all. In fact I ought to tell you that while I was working undercover I was seduced by a woman."

"Were you o.k. with that? Did you feel obliged to sleep with her to maintain your cover?"

"Oh no, she is really quite lovely."

"Will you see her again?"

"I would like to, but I don't know if I shall."

"So the two great detectives discover more about themselves than the subject of their investigation," Maud chuckled as she drove on.

----------

Betty, Maurice and Debbie missed Maud and Jess by a few minutes out on the highway as they headed back to Lucastown. Maurice drove; Betty and Debbie sat in the back.

Maud pulled the jeep up in the precinct car park.

"Right Jess," she said, "get your bags out, go to your room and settle back in. You can write your report and we can give it to the captain later."

"O.k. boss, would you like to come up for a coffee?"

"You have coffee? Real coffee?"

"Yes, I took some from the gambling house when I left; they had gotten hold of some from somewhere."

"I shall go to the canteen and get some milk, you put the kettle on." With that Maud walked briskly away.

A few minutes later and the two women were sitting side by side on the single bed in Jess' little room sipping real Brazilian coffee.

"Mmm," said Maud, "I love this stuff."

"Me too boss. Boss?"

"Yes?"

"Tell me about Lisa Jacobs, how did she get to fuck you?"

"She gave me a cup of coffee," laughed Maud.

"So do I get to fuck you then?"

"Do you want to?"

"I think I might."

With that Jess put her cup down and leaned towards Maud. Maud responded by doing the same. Their lips met, their mouths opened, they started to french-kiss. Maud started to rub Jess' arms, in response she put her hands on Maud's thighs and gave them a little squeeze. Maud broke the embrace and stood up. She took hold of Jess' hands and pulled her up off the bed. She took hold of Jess' t-shirt and pulled it up. Jess helped her get it over her head and off. Maud spun Jess round and unfastened her bra, then she pushed the straps over her shoulders and the bra fell away, freeing her breasts. Maud spun Jess back to face her and put her hands on her pert little boobs.

"Mmmm, nice," Jess murmured.

Maud leaned down and kissed Jess' teats, first the left and then the right. Jess stroked Maud's hair. Maud stepped back and began to unbutton her shirt, whilst Jess stripped off her sneakers, socks, jeans and panties.

Jess got back on the bed and lay on her back, smiling as she watched the older woman undress. Once naked, Maud got on the bed, kneeling astride Jess' legs. She rubbed her hands up and down Jess' flanks and arms, loving the feel of her soft flesh. Both women smiled at one another.

Jess put her hands on either side of Maud's face and pulled her down to her. They opened their mouths and began to kiss again. Jess put her hand down between their bodies and felt for Maud's cunt. Maud gave a muffled moan as she felt Jess' finger locate her clitoris and begin to rub it.

The kissing and the rubbing continued for several minutes and then Maud's body stiffened, she took her mouth away from Jess', threw her head back and let out a loud moan as she came.

"Nnnnngh! Aaaahh!" she moaned as she felt her insides convulse.

Maud looked down at Jess and smiled, Jess smiled back. Maud climbed off the bed, took hold of Jess' feet and swiveled her around so her legs were hanging over the side of the bed, her feet on the floor.

Maud knelt in front of her, pushed her legs apart and began to kiss her thighs.

"Oh boss, that feels nice," Jess whispered.

Maud kissed both her inner thighs all the way up to her soft brown bush, then she kissed her bush, then she put her tongue to work on Jess' slit.

"Ooh! Aaah!" Jess murmured.

Jess put her fingers to her cunt lips and pulled them apart, allowing Maud's tongue easy access to her clitoris. Maud began to flick her clit with the tip of her tongue.

"Ooooooh!" Jess cried.

Trying to use the tricks and tips Lisa had taught her, Maud brought Jess to a shuddering climax. She shook and twitched as she felt the pulses of pure pleasure coursing through her abdomen.

Maud pulled away and let Jess bathe in the afterglow of her orgasm.

"Christ you're good!" Jess exclaimed, "Did the Mayor's wife teach you to do that?"

"Yes, she did. Did you like it?"

"Oh boss, I loved it!"

Maud began to dress.

"Cuddles?" asked Jess.

Maud looked at her and smiled, then took her shirt back off and climbed onto the bed next to her.

"Ten minutes, then we really need to get that report written," she said to her subordinate, smiling.

----------

Tom Stone spent his day scouring the urban wasteland looking for clues as to Kay's whereabouts. He found no sign of her and no-one he came across knew anything about the young blonde Norm he was looking for.

Tom didn't see the gap in the debris until it was too late, he fell about eight feet into a cellar, cutting his leg open on a piece of reinforcing steel. Tom lay for a while, gathering his wits, and then dragged himself up out of the cellar and began to make his way in the direction of the clinic.

Betty led Debbie and Maurice into the gambling house.

"You will have to share with Jess," she told Debbie; "We like to keep some rooms free for overnight guests, especially the ones who spend a lot."

"Who is Jess?" asked Debbie.

"Oh you will like Jess," put in Maurice, "She is about your age and she is quite chatty."

Debbie wasn't sure if she would like Jess if Maurice was keen on her.

Betty led Debbie up the stairs and along the corridor. She stopped at one of the rooms and opened the door.

"New member of the family," she called as she went in, and then, "oh!" as she saw the empty room.

"What is it?" asked Debbie.

"The room is empty. I don't understand," replied Betty.

Betty walked briskly down to the front desk and spoke to her manager, Hugh.

"Do you know what has happened to Jess?"

"No," he replied, "I saw her on the phone a couple of hours ago, but not since."

"How odd. Get Phil Slater on the phone and see if he knows anything."

Hugh picked up the desk phone and called Slater's private number. He handed the phone to Betty who asked if Slater knew anything about Jess' whereabouts.

"Well," she said to the little group, "he is as in the dark as we are."

"Never mind auntie," said Maurice, "Debbie will do her job just as well."

"I will try," said Debbie.

After a light lunch in the precinct canteen Maud and Jess reported to their captain, Marco Tripoli.

"So you think the girl is probably dead, somewhere in the desert," he said to Maud.

"I think so captain, we have tried all lines of enquiry and drawn a blank," she replied.

"O.k. I have a new case for you. A police sergeant by the name of Tom Stone walked out of the Rivertown compound a few days ago, he did not report for duty yesterday. Either something has happened to him or he has deserted. I want you to find out which."

"We shall leave for the compound straight away," Maud told Tripoli.

"Pack your overnight bags, you don't come back until this case is solved," he told the two detectives.

----------

That evening in the cafe Kay was very busy. The place was full and everyone was hungry. Chef was his usual vicious self, shouting orders and swearing at the staff.

Ben Logan entered the cafe, crossed the dining room and entered the kitchen.

"Chef!" he called.

"Busy. Fuck off!" Chef shouted in reply.

Ben walked over and stood behind the huge bastard.

"I want to buy all your food," Ben told him.

"You must be fucking hungry."

"I want to open my own cafe near the riverside and sell your food."

"I don't want to work there, I like it here."

"You prepare it and I will take it there and sell it. We would make a fortune."

"How do I know you won't rob me?"

"Send Gwen to keep an eye on me. Come on Chef, it could really work for both of us."

"I want a proper contract; you Norms are always cheating us Chal."

"My uncle's lawyer will be here later this evening with a proper contract."

"Alright. Now fuck off and let me work my magic."

Ben left the cafe.

----------

Tom Stone limped to the door of the clinic and rang the bell.

A woman in a white coat and white trousers walked swiftly across the waiting area, pressed a button on the door frame and opened the door. Tom collapsed as he stumbled through the doorway.

"Hello, who are you? What has happened?" she asked in a loud voice.

"I cut my leg, lost blood, feel faint," Tom replied.

Dr. Daisy Fleming was the only medical staff on duty that night; she had no nurse or orderly to help move this large man. Daisy ran to the emergency room and collected some equipment, then ran back to the bleeding man and applied a very large bandage to staunch the flow of blood. Not the usual quiet night then, she thought to herself.

----------

Malcolm Dobbs entered the cafe at ten o'clock that night. The place was getting quiet, a few stragglers were finishing their meals, but there were no more orders being taken.

"Oooh it's Uncle Malcolm!" cried Kay as she saw him walk through the door.

She walked over to him and, standing on tip toes, kissed him on the cheek.

"Fuck, you're hot," he said as he looked at her slim body, long legs and pert little boobs.

"Can I get you anything?" she asked.

"Beer please," he replied.

Kay skipped over to the counter and picked a beer from the fridge. She took the top off the bottle and carried it carefully back to the little table at which Malcolm had sat.

"Sit on Uncle Malc's lap," he said, patting his thigh.

Kay sat on his lap; she could feel the bulge in his trousers where her antics had aroused him.

"I said I would come and see you again," he told her.

"Yes, do you want me to suck your cock again?"

"Oh fuck! When you talk dirty like that I get so turned on."

"Would you like to touch my pussy?"

"Yes."

"Would you like to lick my pussy?"

Kay could feel the old man's erection against her ass through the material of his clothing and hers.

"Oooh I know," she said in that little girl voice she sometimes used, "you could stick your cock inside me. That would be nice."

"If you don't stop, I am gonna take you here and now over this fucking table."

"In front of these people? Goodness!"

This proved too much for Malcolm. He grabbed hold of the girl's waist and lifted her off his lap. He unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and pulled them and her panties down to her knees. He stared at her beautiful blonde bush for a moment as he stood and tore his own trousers and underpants down to his knees.

Malcolm sat back on the chair, his erection sticking up like a little flag pole. He caught hold of Kay and pulled her back towards him. He grabbed hold of her ass cheeks and guided her onto him, pulling them apart, exposing her cunt, allowing his stiff cock to slip into her as he sat her back down on his lap.

"Oh uncle!" she exclaimed as she felt his length slide up inside her.

"Oh you filthy little fuck-slut!" he cried as he felt her tight wet cunt envelop his member.

Kay began to jig up and down on his lap. He slipped his hands up under her t-shirt and rubbed her boobs through her bra.

The few people left in the cafe sat and watched the young woman bouncing up and down on the old man's cock.

After a couple of minutes it was done.

"Uuuuughnnnn!" cried Malcolm as he shot his load up into Kay's cunt.

"Oooooh!" cried Kay as she felt it fill her insides.

Kay lifted herself off of Malcolm's now flaccid cock and pulled her panties and jeans back up. Malcolm stood and pulled his trousers and pants back up. They smiled at each other, Kay biting her lower lip, Malcolm mouthing `filthy little fuck-slut` at her. Then their peace was broken.

"So you're here then!" shouted Chef as he walked out of his kitchen and into his dining room, "got my contract?"

"Here we are chef, just sign this and you will become a wealthy man," replied Malcolm.

Chef moved his massive bulk across the floor to where Malcolm was standing. He took the piece of paper that Malcolm was holding and began to read.

Whilst Chef was engrossed in the contract Malcolm turned to Kay.

"I have someone who would very much like to meet you, she is a very good friend of mine, would you like to come with me and meet her?"

"I guess so, if she is a friend of yours, then she must be nice," Kay replied.

"Pack your things and meet me outside in five minutes."

"I don't have any things."

"Oh you poor baby, we must get you some things."

"Oh Uncle Malcolm," Kay giggled.

Chef pushed the piece of paper back into Malcolm's hand.

"Looks good, make a copy for me and send it with the first payment, then I will sign."

Gwen appeared along with her suitcase, she looked so ungainly that Kay took it from her.

Malcolm held the door open and the two women left the cafe. Outside, Ben was waiting in Malcolm's jeep. The three of them got in and Ben drove off. Inside, Chef was contemplating the loss of one waitress; he had not noticed that Kay had not returned from helping Gwen with her suitcase.

Twenty minutes later Ben drove Malcolm's jeep into the secure parking lot under the riverside apartment block where they both had their homes. Ben parked the jeep in Malcolm's spot, jumped out, went round to the passenger side and handed Gwen out of the vehicle.

"Thank you my man," she said, smiling.

"My lady," he responded, bowing as he spoke.

Kay jumped out of the jeep and waited by the back door.

"What is it?" asked Malcolm.

"I can carry Gwen's case for her," she replied.

"Oh no, there will be no more carrying for you baby," said Malcolm as he opened the tailgate and hefted Gwen's case out of the back.

The four people walked across the garage and took the lift to the top floor of the block.

----------

Daisy Fleming managed to staunch the flow of blood from Tom's leg and help him to get up from the floor. With his arm around her shoulder she helped him to one of the consulting rooms.

"You have lost quite a bit of blood it seems," she told him, "I will see if we have any to put back in."

Tom lay on the table and passed out.

----------

Malcolm Dobbs phoned Bill Logan.

"She's here," he informed his friend.

Kay wandered around in the spacious living area of Malcolm's apartment picking up items, sitting on chairs, and looking at pictures.

"This is a very nice place Uncle Malcolm, who do you share with?"

"It's just little old me on my own, sweetheart," he answered her.

"Goodness! You are lucky," in that little girl voice again.

"Lucky to have met you baby."

"Oh stop it! You will make me blush."

"You just don't know how delicious you are, do you?"

Kay smiled at the old man, clasped her hands together, put them in front of her and swiveled her foot around whilst looking at the floor. Malcolm groaned with desire.

Malcolm answered the knock at the door as soon as he heard it. His friend had arrived to greet Kay.

Bill walked into the room and put his hand out for Kay to shake. She smiled and skipped over to him, put her arms around him and gave him a hug.

"Uncle Bill, how nice to see you again," she said merrily.

Bill looked at Malcolm and Malcolm looked at Bill, then they both licked their lips.

Ben moved Gwen into his apartment that night.

Malcolm had prepared a meal for his guest.

"Look at her," Malcolm said to Bill, "have you ever seen such a beautiful girl?"

"She is exquisite," his friend replied, "I just have to fuck her."

Kay was sitting at the dining table stuffing Spaghetti Bolognese in her mouth as if she had not eaten for days. She looked up as she noticed the old men staring at her.

"What?" she asked, sauce running down her chin and dripping onto the plate in front of her.

"Christ baby," said Bill, "Just watching you eating is giving me a hard on."

Kay smiled and shook her head slightly, "Oh Uncle Bill, you are a silly old thing."

Kay cleared her plate and wiped her chin with the back of her hand, and then she licked her hand clean.

"I think she needs a bath," said Bill, "we need to get that kitchen smell off her."

"What's it like to have a bath?" asked Kay. "I have only ever had showers."

"I will run it for her," said Bill, "you show her where she is going to sleep Malc."

Malcolm stood up and walked over to Kay. He held out his hand, she stood up taking hold of it and followed him to one of the bedrooms. Bill went to the bathroom and began to run a hot bath for her.

The bedroom had a very large bed, a dressing table with a big mirror, a chair and a wardrobe. Kay looked at the bed.

"Wow! What a big bed. Is it soft?" she asked.

"Try it," said Malcolm.

Kay took two quick steps towards the bed and jumped onto it, landing face down on the big soft duvet.

"Mmmm, soft," she mumbled, her voice deadened by the thick soft material.

Kay rolled onto her back and bounced on the bed.

"Can I sleep here?" she asked.

"Of course you can baby, of course you can," came the reply. "Now take those dirty old clothes off, your bath will be ready."

"My clothes may be old but they are certainly not dirty," Kay pouted, "Chef made me wash them every second day, and my panties every single day."

The mental picture conjured up in Malcolm's mind's eye of Kay naked, washing her panties made him give a little whimper.

Kay stood up on the bed and took off her clothes. She pulled her t-shirt over her head, unclasped her bra and dropped it on the bed. She dropped down onto the bed on her bum and reached down to pull off her sneakers. She threw them onto the floor along with her socks. She lifted her bum off the bed and slipped her jeans and panties down in one movement, pulling them down over her legs and off.

"There we are," she said, "all ready for my bath."

Malcolm led her to the bathroom where Bill had run a very deep, very hot bath.

"Climb in baby," Bill told her as he offered her a big bar of scented soap.

Kay took the soap from him and put her leg over the side of the bath and dipped her foot in the water.

"Oooh that is nice and warm," she said as she felt the hot liquid. 

"Girls always like their bathwater steaming," said Bill, "I knew you would like it."

Kay immersed herself in the water; it came up over her boobs. She worked a lather up and rubbed it along her arms, then lifted her legs one at a time and lathered them as well. Bill and Malcolm stood and watched the girl wash herself.

"Do you have any shampoo?" she asked.

"Oh of course," what am I like?" said Malcolm as he handed her a bottle of scented shampoo.
