 Maud and Jess arrived at the police compound late in the evening. They reported to captain Paul Murphy, the commander of the patrols.

"Tripoli told me you were coming," he said, "I don't have proper quarters for you so I have organized some bunks in a room in the basement. Get settled in and you can interview people in the morning."

O.k. skipper," said Maud, "Come on Jess, let's get some shuteye."

The room they had been allocated was a new interrogation room which was being installed by some contractors, it had not been finished. Two small metal framed beds with hard mattresses had been put in temporarily.

Joe Jones, the foreman was sitting in the next room testing the surveillance cameras when he saw the two young women enter the interrogation room. He picked up the phone and pressed a button.

"Hi, is that the bar?" he asked, "Good, Jones here, tell my boys to get down to the basement at once."

Upstairs in the bar, the bartender spoke to some men sitting there. The men got up and left. Two cops followed, intrigued by what had called them away from their beers.

"Well it ain't the Ritz, but at least it's clean," said Maud.

"Hopefully it's only for one night," Jess replied.

In the next room seven men stood looking at the screen on the wall.

"Too bad the sound is not up and running," said Joe. "Still at least we can watch them strip. Hey Dougie, how about a running commentary?"

One of the men stepped forward and picked up a screwdriver to pretend it was a microphone. He turned to one of the cops.

"Do you know these girls?" he asked.

"The blonde is Lieutenant Maud Barclay, and the brunette is officer Jess Ryan," he answered.

"O.k. gentlemen," said Dougie, "take your seats for this evening's entertainment, two lovely young ladies getting ready for bed. Before we start, is there a volunteer to get some beers in?"

One of the men ran out of the room.

"Thank you Stephen, see you soon," Dougie said. "Now let us see what is happening. Maud has put her bag on the floor by one of the beds, she is speaking to Jess. If only we could hear what was being said. Jess has walked over to her and, wait a minute, oh my God! She is kissing her! This is beyond all expectations gentlemen, these two girls are gay!

Jess is unbuckling Maud's belt, Maud is unbuttoning her dark blue regulation detective shirt, Jess has the belt undone and is unzipping the trousers, will the panties come down with the trousers or separately? Trousers first; very sensual. The trousers are over the hips and we can see black lacy panties, will the bra match? The shirt is coming off and yes, the bra matches! Oh look at that woman, what a picture.

Oh Maud has dropped back onto the bed and Jess is kneeling in front of her. Jess is unlacing the regulation police heavy shoes. Maud has her hands on Jess' head and is stroking her hair, oh where is that beer?"

The man who had run out came crashing back through the door carrying a large carton of beers. A cheer went up from the little crowd. The beers were passed around and they turned their attention back to the screen. Dougie took up the commentary.

"The shoes are off and the dark blue ankle socks are being pulled off now. Bra or panties next? Oh, Maud has hold of her panties and she is pulling them off over her hips, she gives a wiggle of her ass to help them off and she slips them down her thighs to her knees. Jess takes over and pulls them down over her knees, down to her ankles, Maud lifts her feet and they're off!

Maud opens her legs to show us her lovely soft blonde bush, oh look at that bush! Wow! Jess is leaning forward, her tongue comes out and yes, she is licking Maud's pussy! Maud's head rolls back and she lets out a moan of pleasure as she receives that tongue in her cunt."

A cheer went up at that point and beer bottles were chinked together in a toast to Jess.

"This is very exciting gentlemen," Dougie continued, "I am surprised there are no cocks out by now. Oh look, Maud has hooked her left leg over Jess' shoulder and is pulling her face hard against her sopping wet twat. This girl loves to get licked out, she just loves it! Wait a minute, Jess has pulled away; the licking has stopped. What is going to happen now?"

Dougie looked around to see the six men in the room with him all with their cocks in their hands. Dougie put his pretend microphone down and got his cock out too. With his cock in his left hand, he picked up the screwdriver and continued with the commentary.

"Ah, I see, Maud is undressing Jess now. Maud is going at her shirt and Jess is getting her regulation trousers down, will we see matching undies again I wonder? Maud has dropped to her knees and is removing Jess' shoes, Jess lifts a foot and the first shoe is off, now the other foot is up and the second shoe is off. The socks too, yes the socks are off. We have dark blue matching bra and panties gentlemen, what a classy bitch!

Jess is reaching down and undoing Maud's bra, it falls to the floor, Maud looks up into Jess' eyes and smiles, oh what a lovely smile. Jess reaches behind her and unclasps her own bra, Maud reaches out and pulls Jess' panties down, look at that brown curly hair, it is beautiful.

Maud is kissing Jess on her snatch, now that is lovely to watch. Jess is moving towards the little bed now; she is on the bed on her back. Maud has straddled her and is lowering her cunt down onto Jess' face, it looks like we might be getting to watch these two beauties sixty-nine one another. Yes we are, Maud is going down on Jess, and Jess is resuming her licking out of Maud.

Oh look at that! Jess has put her hands on Maud's ass cheeks and is pulling her down onto her face. Will she put a finger in Maud's ass hole? I think the crowd wishes she will."

"We certainly fucking do," said one of the men. The others all laughed whilst masturbating slowly.

"This has to be the best use for this equipment gentlemen, watching two young women loving one another, oblivious to the situation," Dougie continued, "the cunnilingus is reaching fever pitch, I can see writhing, if only I could hear the moaning. Maud has lifted her head from Jess' snatch, her mouth opens, she lets out a moan of pleasure as she reaches her climax, oh look at that woman quiver as she feels her cunt contract.

But Jess is not done yet, she needs that tongue back on her and Maud knows it. Maud is off her now and she has stood up from the bed. She pulls Jess around so her legs are off the bed, she grabs her feet and lifts them high, she kneels in front of her and buries her face in Jess' hot wet cunt again. What a sight to behold!"

By this time the masturbating was getting faster.

"Jess is rolling her head from side to side," Dougie continued, "She is getting close gentlemen, her hands are clutching the duvet, her legs are bicycling in the air, her mouth opens, she lets out a moan and there it is; she is coming like she never came before."

Grunts could be heard in the room as the men began to ejaculate onto the floor, jets of thick creamy spunk flying across the room and landing everywhere.

"Ooh aargh!" cried Dougie as he shot his load onto the floor.

Cocks were put away and beer swigged. Dougie resumed.

"The two beauties are snuggling down together on the little bed, look at them squashed together. They look so happy. Perhaps we should leave them now and get back to the bar," he said.

The men left the room and went back to the bar. Jess and Maud went to sleep in each other's arms.

The next morning Maud and Jess went out into the wasteland of South Rivertown to look for Tom Stone.

**********

Bill and Malcolm took Kay to meet Betty in her office. Bill knocked on the door and, on hearing Betty's invitation to enter, walked in.

"Good afternoon Bill."

"Hi Betty, Malc and I have brought someone to meet you. She is outside, shall I show her in?"

"Of course, of course," said Betty, waving her hand, "bring her in to Betty's home for waifs and strays."

"Sorry, you've lost me."

"I took in a young woman just over a week ago, but she walked out and two days ago I took in another young woman."

"Oh, I see."

Bill turned and beckoned his two friends in. Kay walked into Betty's office followed closely by Malcolm.

Betty looked at Kay and her eyes widened.

"What a beauty!"Betty exclaimed.

"She is rather nice," agreed Bill.

"Hello," Betty addressed Kay, "I am Betty Sargeson and I own the gambling house. Would you like to come and live and work here?"

"Hello Betty Sargeson," Kay replied, "my name is Kay and I would like to live and work here."

"Very well, you are hired."

The three older people laughed and Kay smiled at them.

Kay was shown to the room she was to share with Debbie, she liked it very much, especially the lovely soft bed and the dressing table. Bill and Malcolm brought the bags of clothes up to her room and watched as she managed to cram it all in the small wardrobe that was hers.

"Oh, hello," came a voice from the corridor.

Everyone turned to see Debbie standing outside the room looking in.

"Oh hi Debs," said Betty, "come in and meet our new addition."

Debbie walked into the room. With five people standing around in it, things were getting a bit cramped.

"Kay, this is Debbie," said Betty, "Debs, this is Kay. I am sure you girls are going to get along fine."

Debbie eyed Kay up and down. Debbie knew that she was pretty, but this new girl was so much prettier. Debbie felt a pang of envy in her tummy, or was it something else? Debbie put out her hand.

"Hello Kay, pleased to meet you."

"Hello Debbie, pleased to meet you too," Kay replied, taking Debbie's hand and shaking it softly.

"Now," said Betty, "you two get to know each other a little and me and the boys are going downstairs for a chat. Come on you two," she said to the old men," let's leave them be."

Betty led Bill and Malcolm out of the room.

"When did they throw you out?" Debbie asked Kay.

"Ten days or so ago," Kay replied, "It's the hair, isn't it?"

"Yeah, dead giveaway."

"Were you in a Kidz-home too?"

"Yeah, I was thrown out just over a year ago."

"Is it nice here?"

"It is so nice! Betty is really lovely, I call her auntie now."

"How long have you been here?"

"Only a couple of days, but she made me feel at home right from the start."

"I think I might like it here."

"One thing."

"Yes?"

"Mo is mine."

"Who is Mo?"

Debbie felt a little tinge of panic; Maurice had not yet been introduced to Kay. Debbie could see that any man would instantly fall for this girl and Maurice was a man.

"Mo is Auntie Betty's nephew, but more important, he is my boyfriend."

"O.k."

Downstairs in Betty's office she was chatting to the two men.

"I shall look after her for you Bill," she told him, "she can work the room like Debbie is doing. It helps to have a pretty girl encouraging the gamblers."

"If you need any money for her keep, let me know," he replied. "Malc and I will visit from time to time. You do understand, don't you?"

"You mean she is your sex toy, for you to have as you wish."

"It sounds a bit seedy when you put it like that."

"How would you like me to put it?"

"Betty, Betty, "put in Malcolm, "don't be jealous, we can still fuck you as well."

"Then shut the door and fuck me you bastards!" cried Betty.

Bill crossed the room and shut the door. Malcolm spun Betty round and pushed her over her desk. He pushed Betty's skirt up, revealing her fulsome ass covered by her black lacy panties. He slapped her on the ass.

"Ouch!" she cried.

"Shut the fuck up you bitch!" he answered.

Bill walked round to the other side of the desk and grabbed Betty by the hair. He lifted her head up and, bending down and leaning over, kissed her forcefully on the mouth. She moaned with desire, her tongue forcing its way into his mouth. Malcolm ripped her panties down and thrust two fingers inside her.

"Oooh!" a muffled cry from Betty.

"The dirty bitch is soaking wet!" Malcolm said aloud.

Malcolm got his cock out, it was stiff; the rough treatment of the woman had aroused him. He positioned it at the entrance to her vagina and rammed it in her.

"Mmmm!" another muffled cry from Betty.

Bill was rubbing Betty's breasts vigorously through the material of her top; Betty had her hands on her desk, bracing herself as Malcolm began to pound his cock in and out of her cunt.

"You love it rough, don't you, you fucking bitch!" exclaimed Malcolm as he pummeled her.

Bill stopped kissing Betty and stood. He unbuckled his belt and pulled his trousers and underpants down halfway to his knees. He showed his stiff cock to her.

"Do you want this in you when Malc has finished with you? You do, don't you, you dirty slut," he told her.

"Unngh! Oooh!" was all she could manage as a reply.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" cried Malcolm as he shot his load in her wet cunt.

He pulled out and Bill hurriedly took his place.

"Yes Billy boy!" cried Betty, "Finish me off, make me come, fuck me hard!"

Bill did as he was told, thrusting as hard and as fast as he could manage.

"Ooooh! Aaaah!" cried Betty as she came, her body shaking, her legs wobbling as she felt that wonderful sensation.

"Here it comes baby!" cried Bill as he topped up the spunk Malcolm had already deposited inside the woman.

Bill pulled out and pulled Betty's panties back up over her ass. He slapped her ass playfully.

"Good boys," said Betty, "I really needed that."

"Our pleasure miss Betty," said Malcolm.

"Now, I want you to stay tonight," she told them," and in the morning you are going to take Debbie up to Rivertown and buy her lots of things like you bought Kay, I don't want any jealousy in my establishment."

"Yes miss Betty," said Bill.

Maurice returned from fuelling his jeep and getting a haircut. He walked gaily into the gambling house whistling a happy tune and ran up the stairs to look for Debbie.

Maurice trotted along the corridor until he came to Debbie's door; he knocked gently and opened the door to see Debbie sat on her bed talking to another girl, a very pretty blonde girl sat on the bed opposite.

"Oh hello," he said "who's this Debs?"

"This is Kay," Debbie replied," she has come to live here and auntie Betty has put her in with me, but I don't mind because I can share with you baby."

Maurice walked into the room and put his hand out in greeting; Kay took his hand and shook it gently.

"Hi Kay, I am Maurice."

"Hi Maurice."

Maurice sat on the bed next to Debbie and put his arm around her, she snuggled up next to him and put her head on his shoulder, all the while looking into Kay's eyes. Kay got the message, he was out of bounds.

"So Kay," said Maurice, "has Auntie Betty shown you what to do?"

"Not yet. Debbie was going to take me downstairs and show me everything."

"Could you go to Auntie Betty's office and see her? There is something I need to talk to Debs about."

"O.k."

With that, Kay got up from her bed and left the room.

As soon as she had gone Maurice took Debbie in his arms and began to kiss her passionately, she responded in the same way. His hands roamed over her body and hers over his. Clothes were hurriedly unbuttoned, unzipped, pulled and thrown off until the two lovers were naked.

"I missed you," they said in unison as she lay back on the bed and he covered her.

"Fuck me hard, make me come," Debbie entreated her man.

Maurice slid his stiff cock inside her soaking wet vagina, letting out a sigh as he felt her cunt walls envelope his cock. She wrapped her legs around the small of his back and began to pull herself upwards, trying to get as much of him inside her as she could.

"Oh fuck yes!" she cried as she felt his length in her.

"Oh Debs, you are so lovely," he told her as he began to thrust in and out of her.

Maurice fucked her hard, as she had asked and they moaned and groaned with lust as they felt their climaxes build.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she cried as she had a wonderful orgasm.

"Oh Debs! Oh Debs!" he cried as he sent a huge load of semen into his love's body.

They lay squashed together on the bed basking in the afterglow of their love-making.

"She is very beautiful isn't she?" She said.

"Don't worry babe," he replied, "I promise not to."

"Promise - promise?"

"Promise, promise," he said as he turned to face her and kissed her gently on the lips.

She felt a little more at ease, he had met Kay but he was still lying next to her.

That evening the gambling house opened for business and Betty explained to Kay how the games worked and how to chat to the gamblers. Kay took drinks to the tables so the gamblers did not have to stop for refreshment. It all went quite well.

Bill and Malcolm left Kay alone that night; they had nothing left in them to put in her so they slept cuddled up to Betty in her huge soft bed. Debbie slept in Maurice's room so Kay slept alone in her bedroom. She felt content and slept soundly.

**********

Debbie was awoken by the very pleasant sensation of Maurice suckling on her right nipple whilst rubbing her clitoris with his right index finger.

"Mmm, that feels nice," she whispered.

Maurice did not speak he just kept suckling and rubbing. Debbie could feel her insides responding to the stimulation, she was approaching a very satisfying wake-up orgasm.

"Ooooh," she murmured as she felt the little contractions inside her body. She grabbed a handful of Maurice's hair and squeezed it as she came.

Maurice stopped suckling, lifted his head and looked her in the eye.

"Bill and Malcolm are going to take you to Rivertown to do some shopping," he told her, "they are very important to Auntie Betty and me, so I want you to be very nice to them. Will you do that for me baby?"

"What do you want me to do?"

"I want you to let them do what they want to you. If you really like me, you will do that for me."

"If it is what you and Auntie Betty want, then I will let them do what they like to me."

"That's my girl."

Maurice kissed Debbie on the lips and jumped out of bed. He walked to the shower room and began to prepare for the day ahead.

Bill was awoken by the very pleasant sensation of Betty's lips around his penis head and the fingers of her right hand wrapped around the shaft. He reached across the bed and nudged the snoring Malcolm.

"Eh? What?" said Malcolm as he stirred from his slumber.

Bill pointed down the bed. Malcolm could see the outline of Betty under the duvet on her knees bent over Bill. Malcolm pulled back the duvet to reveal her in all her glory. This aroused him; with a few quick rubs of his penis he was ready for action.

Malcolm got up on his knees and shuffled down the bed until he was behind her.

"Is she wet?" asked Bill.

Malcolm slipped the two middle fingers of his left hand in her cunt.

"Soaking wet," he replied.

"Fuck her then," his friend told him.

Malcolm positioned himself behind Betty and slid his stiff cock inside her.

"Mmmm!" came a muffled moan from the woman.

Bill could feel her mouth tighten around his cock head and her fingers squeeze his cock shaft tighter as she became more and more excited by the fucking she was getting. Malcolm started to thrust faster and harder as he became more aroused.

"Oh she is such a hot bitch!" cried Malcolm as she shagged her.

"I think she is trying to cut off the blood supply to my cock!" exclaimed Bill as her grip reached a new intensity.

"Aaaahh!" Oh yes!" cried Betty as she threw her head back, her orgasm approaching.

Malcolm rammed his cock as far in her as he could and gave a grunt as he shot off his load. Betty squealed with delight as she felt herself come. Betty's hand wanked Bill's cock ferociously and he striped his belly and chest with his seed.

"That's the way to start the day," laughed Betty.
