 This is part three in the series about Kazuhiro and his cowgirl Anna. At this point in the story Anna has been living as a sex slave in Kazuhiros apartment in Tokyo for about ten weeks. The following is a typical morning in her life. Fist a quick recap of the two main characters.

Anna is not a cow, nor is she really a human. She was fully human until she got transformed by powerful drugs and chemicals into a cowgirl. She really doesn't look much like a cow at all, but she acts like one. She gives large amounts of milk, she can bellow "mooo!" but she can't speak and she moves about on her hands and knees. 

To picture what she looks like now one must first think of a naked beautiful blond girl. She is rather busty and curvy jet fit. Then imagine that girl getting bone white skin with large black spots, like on a cow. Imagine her hips getting wider and her ass getting bigger while her waist is getting a bit thinner. Imagine that hourglass figure. Her legs grow longer as her hands and feet get a bit smaller. Then imagine her breasts expanding until they are the size of beach balls. 

Anna used to have a strong independent personality, but that changed due to the powerful drugs she was forced to take. Now she has the calm, submissive and docile mind of a cow. She is a slave, jet she has no problem with that. The drugs make her open and positive towards all kinds of suggestions. She is at peace, she has accepted her situation and is actually happy and content. She has even grown to love her master.

Mr. Kazuhiro is a rather dashing Japanese man with the body of an athlete. He has a powerful and intimidating predatory presence about him and he is a very stubborn person. He is a control freak and is always full of energy. He is completely crazy about Anna and his life is all about spending time with her. 

He was a gym teacher in the same school that Anna worked in as the English teacher. He orchestrated Anna's capture and her transformation into a cowgirl. Mr. Kazuhiro is very well endowed. He was called "donkey dick" by his classmates during his teenage years. Now he probably has the largest penis in all of Japan. 

Time: 03:00. Anna and Mr. Kazuhiro both wake up to the annoying sound of the alarm timer. Its time for Anna's midnight milking. Kazuhiro yawns and lazily grabs Anna by her leash. Anna is on a leash like a dog and she "walks" on all fours. Her pink leash in connected to a cute pink dog collar around her neck. There is a cowbell on the collar so that the master can hear her at all times. 

He gets out of the bed and pulls the leash to make Anna follow him. She moves slowly out of the bed and onto the floor dragging her giant tits along under her. Anna's breasts are huge and very heavy, amazingly they have grown since she first came to live with Kazuhiro. He figures it must have to do with her pregnancy. 

Her breasts are now bigger then two cow udders and they produce as much milk as two real cows. The size and mass of her breasts force her to walk an all fours. She can stand if she really needs to, its just very uncomfortable. Gravity just drags her tits towards the floor and the rest of her body follows.

Anna's tits are too big to freely swing under her. When she stands on all fours, her breasts always touch the floor and spill out over it like soft dough. The floor acts like a bra, holding her breasts up and letting her back rest. With such magnificent breasts she cant really move much at all. Even walking on all fours is getting troublesome, since she has to drag her giant udders along the floor in order to move. Luckily for her she never has to move her beautiful, sexy, jet impractical body more then a few meters.

Mr. Kazuhiro has never looked twice at a flat chested girl. He is a breast man and to him bigger is always better. Anna has the largest "natural" breasts in the world, no contest. The fact that her breasts are actually still growing only excites him more. Since her master got her pregnant, Mr. Kazuhiro has detected a steady increase in milk production from his cowgirl.

Mr. Kazuhiro has become rich since human breast milk is so expensive and because Anna produces so much of the stuff. He doesn't know what to do with all the money he gets. Having a cowgirl is like having a goldmine. The customers are medical company's, mothers who aren't nursing and many regular perverts who want to just drink the stuff. They don't know the source and they don't ask.

Kazuhiros penis is already rock hard as he leads his cowgirl towards the milking table. It seems he has been in a state of permanent sexual arousal ever since he took Anna as his sex slave. She seems to be an endless source of sexual attraction to him. His huge dick is pretty much always erect. His almost constant erection makes it uncomfortable for him to wear normal clothing. For this reason Kazuhiro always wears just a robe or nothing at all. 

Anna is Mr. Kazuhiros ultimate dream girl. She is his living wet dream. To him, she has no flaws, she is perfection. Sometimes he has to pinch himself to check if he is dreaming. He usually has a big smile on his face as he just cant believe his luck.

Anna is sleepy so a part of her wants to go back to sleep, but she is also in need of milking. Her breasts are bloated and she needs to release her milk. She follows her master into the milking room so that she can release her milk in the stall. She slowly walks next to her master, dragging her gigantic tits along with some effort. In the corner of her eye she can see his massive erection standing out in front of him like a pole. She smiles because she knows and understands that she is the source of his arousal. Kazuhiro is also sleepy, but he is more horny then sleepy. 

The stall, or milk station, consists of a elevated padded massage table with a big hole in it. When Anna climbs up on the bench to lay on it face down, her awesome tits will go into the hole. The hole allows Anna's huge breasts to hang down under the table for her comfort and for his easy access. The lower part of the massage table had been cut out and lowered so that her knees can rest on it, lowering her legs into her familiar "on all fours" position granting Kazuhiro easy access to her ass. 

The elevation of the table was such that Kazuhiros hips were aligned with Anna's ass when he stood behind her, and with her face when he stood in front of her. One metal bar locks down on top of her back pushing her back down on the table while a pillow under hips pushes her ass up. This means that she will always arch her back while on the table. An electric milking machine is placed under the table that sucks on her nipples. 

The machine is a modified version of the kind that is used on real cows. It uses two plastic tubes, with what looks like rubber teacups on top, made for her tits. The rubber cups sucks in her nipples and then holds themselves in place due to the constant vacuum inside the transparent tubes. The machine applies a constant pulsating suction on her nipples until she is drained. 

With effort and some help from her master Anna climbs on to the table. Right now she is just a few weeks pregnant so her belly has not started to grow jet, but her breasts are growing, almost by the day. However, when her belly gets big, something has to be done about the table. 

Anna gets her beach ball sized tits into the hole in the milking table and Kazuhiro locks her curvy ass in place with the metal bar. Then he starts the machine and carefully places the sucking cups on her nipples. His dick somehow gets even harder as he watches lovely sprays of milk splash violently into the plastic tubes. Anna gives of a happy "Moo!" as she climaxes almost instantly. She shows off her orgasm face, with her eyes rolled up and her mouth open with her perfect teeth and tongue on display.

The machine is very efficient. It will take just a few minutes for it to drain her. Squirt after squirt of milk splashes into the plastic tubes in a rhythmic fashion. There is total silence expect for the mechanical hum from the machine, the sound of milk squirting hard into the plastic tubes and Anna's heavy breathing. Anna is almost high, lost in a blissful orgasmic state as the midnight milking unfolds. 

Kazuhiro grabs his rock hard penis and puts it into Anna's open mouth. He pulls the leach and fucks her mouth. Anna is not surprised, he usually wants blow jobs at night. Anna loves her masters dick, its impressive, sexy and beautiful to her. Kazuhiro knows this, he catches Anna starring at his erection from time to time with lustful eyes. Anna loves to look at his dick, she like the smell of it and the taste of it. Its like her salt stone.

The milking machine sucks on Anna's tits while Kazuhiro gently fucks Anna's mouth. Kazuhiro cant hold out for long and starts to pant. As he starts to shoot his sperm, Kazuhiro shoves his dick deep into her throat. A huge load of cum gets delivered strait down her throat. Anna never spills a drop, it all goes in her belly.

Time: 03:15. Kazuhiro leads Anna back into the bed. They lovingly cuddle for a bit before going back to sleep. Anna loves to lie "spoon" with her big butt pressed against her masters dick. Her resists the urge to fuck her again so that they can get some sleep.

Time: 07:23 Kazuhiro wakes up and becomes aware of Ann's cowgirl body against him. They are still lying close together, spooning. His penis get rigid fast as he lets his arm rest on her and feels her breast.. Anna awakens slowly as she becomes aware of Kazuhiros large, very hard erection pressing against her soft curvy ass. Anna arches her back and gives of her soft and horny morning "moo".

Kazuhiro takes her nipple between his thumb and index finger. He can barely reach her nipple due to the massive size of her breasts. Anna's nipples are very sensitive and smooth like silk. He gently rubs her teat between his fingers. Its almost as if Anna has developed two new g spots, one in each nipple. Anna responds by raising up her leg. She then grabs the penis and guides it into her already wet vagina.

She takes him in deep into her. He moves in and out slowly with his nose buried in her blond hair. Anna feels completely impaled her masters massive penis and she is loving it. She feels like her master has truly invaded her body and her life. She has surrendered and is conquered.

Kazuhiro gently jerks and pulls on Anna's nipple in the same rhythm as fucks her. She starts to breathe heavily and her master responds by speeding up. Anna has a huge orgasm and gives off a moaning "moo". At that point her master also cums. Kazuhiro shoots his huge morning load deep into his cowgirl.

With him still inside her they cuddle for a while until Anna's hunger drives Kazuhiro out of bed. Anna eats like, well a cow. Her body needs huge amounts of calories to make all that breast milk. Despite her extreme diet she never gets fat, just even more busty. This day he brings her a food tray. Time for breakfast.

Time 08:20 Breakfast in bed. Anna gets a whole carrot cake, meant for six people. She loves cake and greedily eats the whole thing rather fast. She eats with her fingers and stuffs her face like an animal. Kazuhiro enjoys watching her eat like that, he likes that she accepts her animal side. She is soon finished and licks her fingers. Watching her do that makes his dick twitch. She then drinks a huge amount of water to wash the cake down from a big water jug by the bed.

Her master also has his own breakfast prepared on the tray. He has a bowl of cornflakes and a cup of coffee. Her orders Anna to sit up in bed. Kazuhiro then milks her tits onto his cornflakes. He firmly grabs one of her teats and pulls it towards him and downwards while squeezing it. A powerful squirt of milk showers the breakfast cereal. He milks the giant breast until his cornflakes are swimming in milk.

Now its time to put some milk in his coffee. At this point Anna is close to orgasm. Kazuhiro takes her other nipple and squeezes it downward into his mug. White milk sprays into the black coffee. On the fourth pull on her nipple Anna gets her orgasm. Kazuhiro lovingly kisses her breasts and allows her to get back to all fours. Then he drinks his coffee and eats his cornflakes. 

Orgasms always comes quick and easy for Anna whenever she is releasing milk. The link between sex and milking has become fundamental and irreversible. Anna always craves milking as long as she has milk to give. Since milking is a sexual act for her, she in effect always wants sex. All the fucking she receives is just a bonus, her tits is really where the action is.

Time 08:50 Shower time. Master and slave both complete their private biological business on the toilet, then they step into the shower together. Anna is as always on all fours in the shower as her master towers over her. He showers her with hot water until she is all wet. Then he starts to clean his cow girl with body wash and sponge. He takes great care of her blond hair, and washes it with both shampoo and hair conditioner.

He lathers up her whole body but focuses on her breasts and ass. He lathers up her shoulders and her back first, then he moves the soapy sponge down her back towards her big, perfectly round ass. Kazuhiro stops for a moment, as he just cant resist Anna's asshole.

The master moves in behind his slave. He just has to put a finger into that ass. Kazuhiro uses a sweet smelling lubricant on his hand, then starts to finger her butt. Anna gives off a pleasantly surprised "moo" as she feels a finger enter her anus. Fist one finger, then two. Next she feels the tip of Kazuhiros huge penis pushing against her sphincter. Anna responds by arching her back and spreading her legs.

Anna gasps as her rectum gets invaded by the massive dick. Its a tight fit, but the dick somehow gets in there. As the master starts to move in and out, Anna's breathing changes and she starts to pant. Master and slave establish eye contact as Anna looks over her shoulder. Anna has a sexy, coy, vulnerable and submissive look on her face. His hips slaps her ass as he thrusts all the way into her faster and harder, her heavy tits started to rock back and forth, pressed against the floor.

As Kazuhiro is about to cum, he reaches around to feel the sides of her massive tits. He moans out loud and grabs an hand full of boob and then cums hard into her butt. Rope after rope of hot spunk splashes against her insides. After the orgasm he just holds his position for a while, savoring the moment. Then he reluctantly pulls out and a river of cum oozed out of Anna's butt. Luckily they were in the shower.

Time 10:00. Milking time. Anna is on the milking table again. This time Kazuhiro has decided that he will milk Anna with his hands. As he kneels down under the table he sees Anna's huge magnificent tits hang down before him in all their glory. She needs the milking badly so they are again bloated and dripping with milk. He places the big plastic bowl under her and begins.

He gently but firmly grabs her smooth soft teats between his thumbs and index fingers and then starts his milking movement. He loves to hold the most sensitive parts of her body in his hands, commanding her body to orgasm. Milk squirts hard into the bowl as he squeezes and pulls the teats downwards. He develops a fast rhythm. Pull, pull, splash splash! Anna orgasms again and again as the bowl fills up. Her masters penis is as hard as steel when she is finally drained. 

After that the master calmly gets up and walks up behind his slave. Anna again feels the tip of Kazuhiros penis pushing against her sphincter. She is still lubricated from the last ass fuck, so the master can just push in. Anna relaxes her whole body as he enters her ass. When he is balls deep inside, he pulls out almost all the way only to push in again. 

Anna's ass becomes like a simple fuck hole, a sex toy for her master. She lies still, only her huge tits move, they swing back and forth under her as he fucks her faster and faster. She makes no sound, except for her panting. She knows that her master wants her like that during anal sex, this is routine now.

She is to keep quiet and listen during anal because her master likes to talk dirty. He excites himself and her with naughty words as he thrusts into her. As he gets closer to orgasm he calls her names. Slut, whore, fucking cow, bitch and more. Anna feels like she deserves to be called names like that. She feel like its true, she feels like a slut. Anna can feel the cum shooting strait up her ass as her master suddenly cums deep inside her. Another massive orgasm up her ass. The master keeps his dick inside for a while before reluctantly pulling out. 

So this is how Mr. Kazuhiro and his cowgirl start the day, as you can imagine the rest of the day gave pretty much more of the same.