 Table of Contents:-

Prologue

Chapter 1- Unwanted Visitor! 
Chapter 2- I fight Alexia!
Chapter 3- Girls of my life
Chapter 4- Reality check, back to my home?
Chapter 5 - talk about picking up a fight
Chapter 6 - We butt heads, shedim and I
Chapter 7 - Sarah battles with love against Death

Contact Author

*****

PROLOGUE

In a time not so long ago, yes not so very long, events that jeopardize the very existence of humans should not to be faded very easily, though it had happened many hundreds of centuries. The terror and horror should remain fresh, but we humans have a habit of forgetting the events that are crucial to our existence and survival even though it will affect our very future and have a very adverse effect to our stable life style. 

Thus, the ignorant we, the humans forgot the fierce battle that ever existed between the foul and, the fair, the good and the evil. Where in usual to our belief light and divine triumphed over darkness and evil, but very little we know that the valiant good had just a strand, a glimmer of luck in stopping the forces of evil.

Though many a times lost to the good, the evil has an unbroken will that waits, lurks and seeks an opportunity to strike again, but this time it is not going to be another newly hatched plan, it is the same Gateway. 

Chapter one - Unwanted Visitor! 

The sound of the impact is reverberating in my head and the wind in my lungs had knocked out. "Ahhhh will somebody throw me a damn weapon!!, I've crashed into the wall by the charge of the Shedim one of the seven evil deities", the bull faced brute figure carried a heavy axe of which it handled that with ease, I'm in real need of a weapon.

I need something to defend myself, as I lay down still dizzy from the impact of the crash, the demon swung its axe upon me and I feel cold, my feet are cold. Funny thing is I'm still breathing and light is bright upon me and I heard someone yell and it happen to be my girlfriend, she pulled off my blanket causing me the cold and avoiding my dream death and causing my dream to fade, I hazily woke up. It was all just a dream, but the details of the event are too real to be surreal, but that is that.

I have a day ahead and I am again late. I'm David Ianitoris Tartarus, I'm a part time fitness trainer it's no real job I just keep doing what I'm good at from my childhood, no I'm not a fitness freak. I love to fight. A fighting club owner near my house took me under his wing, taught me the art, and kept me out of trouble.

That kind man is like a second father to me and do not wonder about my first. I have no idea. I am on my own since mom died when I was 12 and having no knowledge of my father. Thus, to channel my frustration I have learned various martial arts, the club which I'm in has opened a gym and so I have ended up as a part time fitness trainer with a manageable pay and free use of the gym and the club. 

This made me well versed in various weapons and hand-to-hand combat. Ha-ha, I even have my nickname, the fellas around call me 'The Deadly David' the old man taught me various weak points on the human body, thus a considerate blow of mine might end up as a fatal injury to the opponent. Since I stopped getting in fights and never let the anger of mine take the better of me. 

The old man taught me not just the art of fighting but the art of survival not just in combat but in life too. Yeah he is kind of close to someone I consider as my dad, but he too passed away of late age leaving the gym and the club to Richard, his no good worthless son, whose entertainment is insulting me. 

'Grrr that dickhead' No matter how swiftly I get myself ready get to the gym I am 30 minutes late

"hello deadly David" mockingly said Richard, "again late for work, I let your lazy ass around to work here cause of my father's last wish but considering you, your attitude toward work makes me think about firing your lame ass from this club and I also began to think it will be good riddance."

Not able to defend myself with any reason I look down with a nod and an apology, "sorry Richard this won't happen again."

"Call me boss," he snapped.

"Okay boss it won't happen again" I said reassuringly.

That psycho mutt is in a good mood, today. He let me go soon and leaving me not in such spiteful mood, but my moods going to take a hi-flying rocket launch, because it is time for Alexia to show up, she is one of the main reasons other than money and freedom that makes me stick to this place. 

A blonde beauty... no a blonde angel with the right figure and light brown sparkling eyes, at times I used to wonder why she has to turn up to gym and why does she need a personal trainer, but I'm not going to question her for paying me. Well enjoy it white it lasts, as beautiful as she is she can hold her ground square. 

I still remember the local boxing champ in our club once drunk and tried to grab her ass ,but he had only a mouthful of agonic scream with a face full of fingers she twisted the grown mans arm like it's a bottle cork and slapped him hard with her other hand. He was sent couple of feet flying in the air and that is not even her usual fighting hand, for a creature so fragile in looks I wonder where all that power comes from.

"David?" the sweet voice of the mistress of my wet dreams snapped me out of my daydream.

"Huh? Yeah, Alexia, ummm guess we should start" I stumbled upon the abrupt travel back to reality.

"Ha-ha, yes we should, open-eye sleeper" she giggled.

"Yeah sure" I said as I rolled my eyes.

This is another habit of Alexia she always finds me amusing names to tease me in my embarrassing moment, in time I kind of came to like it.

As usual, I make her do the work out and enjoy her sensual body movements and today is, squats day.

"Hallelujah" I whispered as I can't look anywhere else than her perfectly curvy not so big but quite right sized bottom.

However, something was not right today, though it is usual to feel people staring when alexia's working-out, cannot complain, the male human literally does not have the capacity to ignore her beauty, but it was not what bothering me today. 

It is that the stare is on me. It is something that I can only feel, and I cannot see. I search helplessly over my uncomfortable feeling, I failed to notice her done with the repetitions and looking at me with a concerned look.

"uhh, well let's do the calves next" I said snapping out of my odd feeling, but she looked at me seconds more before complying like she could sense my oddity.

Though obeying me, Alexia shot back looks at me and looks at where I feel the stares are coming from and she gave a cold stare back, like she's threatening whatever there is, 'man this is getting creepy'. 

I thought to myself, there had always been certain things that I could not understand in my life, I just chalk them down as extremely lucky or unlucky scenarios, so I do not sound as a lunatic explaining unbelievable event. 

Though I know that I have encountered with un-explainable events and the possible only reason could be mystical, but I make a point not go so deep in it where it will challenge my sanity. While relating this odd day to my odd life, I see it! "Holy fuck" I whispered. 

I see that evil demonic thing. Which was staring at me, a creature that is nowhere near any resemblance to a human gave the indescribable uncomfortable feeling. It is tall, looking like a demon. It is veiled in a dark cloak and had a scythe. The figure is almost 10 feet tall with a considerate wide shoulders and the scythe is even taller the figure the blade of the scythe forms half of my whole body. 

For I am not considered puny for a human I am 6'2 with a brute of a body, I have broad shoulders and thick arms with slender waist and toned up legs. My mentor always refer me as a perfect combination of being a powerful agile predator , but I never wish to come across something as this, though not to let my fear get to me I shot back cold stare and the bright yellow pupil less eyes glowed at me.

"Holy Fuck" pain shot through my skull. I was not able to maintain my stare I crouched a little with my head slump and my hands covering it as if I can block whatever that is causing this. I felt a hand drag me, though my initial reflexes kick in making me hard as steel to face the intruder, I relaxed eventually feeling the soft touch. 

It cannot be the disturbing creature. Once inside the locker room I gained my senses back. I found, it was Alexia, who dragged me inside and I could tell that because I remember the color of her tank top, which is crushing against me. 

Because she's hugging me tightly and in a great position too, I sat on the bench and she's standing which made me feel her cushion puppies, 'boy does she have her soothing effects' I thought to myself, she has a figure that is strong firm and sensual with her perky tits and cute smile ,she's an innocent looking predator. 

Though I hate to move but before things get awkward, I let her go and pulled away.

"Hmmm sorry about that, did I scream too loud?" I said in an attempt to understand her concern.

"Don't worry its gone now," she said in a casual manner shocking me that she saw what I have seen

"You'd saw that too?" I asked nervously

For which she took my face in her hands very delicately and kissed me with an unfathomable passion, it was a wicked kiss; she literally sucked out the lights from my mind, for I blacked out.

Chapter 2- I fight Alexia!

The morning light is bright upon my face wondering where I. "Great! Was I sleeping on my terrace, hold a sec this is not my place"

As I check around I could not help but give a chuckle as I find myself in middle of nowhere. When I was a kid I used to have a thing for those Vegas movies, and this place looks like im half my way there, because an empty desert highway is where I am yay. 

Yep people I make fun of every situation though I do not know when I am being harsh or humorous, anyways I am half way to my dreamland.

I sigh thinking of dreams, "hmmm did Alexia actually kissed me? And the thing happened yesterday?"

Shaking my head, I came to a conclusion I am dreaming again and still in it. well I don't feel like I could ask myself to wake up and I'm at the top of some woody cabin, "man my dreams are getting weirder and realer" I guess I could look around for some coffee, now this is weird I never felt hungry or thirsty in my dreams well fuck it, things happened are way weirder.

"Well things are weirder because this isn't a dream", rang the voice of Alexia.

Alexia snapped me out of my mind war, I was a bit startled too because I took up my fighting pose and that sort of looked awkward cause I'm crouching a bit with my hands held high towards a pretty creature who's offering me coffee. 

A tip to the aspiring male youth I do not know whether this move scares off your opponents but this sure could be a date disaster.

Having said that and being the only male around who's stupid enough to do that, giving a sheepish smile I put my fist down and took the coffee from her.

"Well don't be embarrassed I did startle you given recent events."

While guzzling down my coffee my eyes widened to the realization that all that happened was real! Taking up all that the incidents were true and that hellacious macabre creature was all true! I suddenly feel nauseated and the grimacing look of that thing is still fresh in my memory.

"It's alright David I'm here for you. it has to go through me this time, I'm sorry" alexia said again and again holding me and convincing my hyper flooded mind, when I calmed down, curiosity replaced my concerned feeling holding onto me. 

she spoke softly "we'll talk but you need something to eat now, I've made pancakes downstairs" when it comes to food and argument I don't even have to think, I'll choose food, I need energy to think so pancakes it is then!

I never knew that such a simple dish could taste so good when you are damn hungry or is Ale a great cook. Hmmm? Well if you were wondering "Ale" is Alexia's nickname by me, yep and you are thinking rite, Ale=booze, I have my reasons she is damn good and a very bad habit.

"nice pancakes I thought my girlfriend used to cook wonders, you are not so bad getting this comment from a dude who had awesome food 24/7", all she gave was a knowing smile as I gobbled down. 

I do not know how many I ate it must have been 30 of the pancakes? 'man this girl is loaded with mysteries' I thought to myself and I heard her chuckle like she could hear me think 'man this is getting freaky and creepy I wonder what will happen to me since I ate what she gave me' and suddenly she gave me a stern look.

"David you can trust me more than that"

"What? Why? How did u? I didn't say anything!" was all I could stammer, for her vocal reply for my verbal thought

"David finish your non poisoned breakfast, you need the strength after your encounter with the reaper as you earthlings call it"

Suddenly her statement hit me, 'did she say earthlings? What is she then?' I kept eating thinking about all of the possibilities as if the pancakes are like 'spinach for Popeye' and I could somehow get inhumanly strength to battle if things get awkward

"Hahaha do you know the reason why I wanted to be your girlfriend rather than any relative in your life because you know how to make a girl laugh even at the hardest of time"

That does it! There is too much weird shit! Pancakes lose! I need answers! And I'm about to voice my though when I heard her say.

"Let us talk then."

"Would you please stop reading my mind?"

"It is too creative and humorous David I'm to tempted."

"Glad you get your entertainment, I'm not some comic book in a library."

"Hahaha, a comic book? Can't you think of any mature reference?"

'well she does have a point, but I never believed maturity is reflected in words, its proved in actions' not wanting to state my again not so mature defense, I just shrugged. 

"Oh David I know, that's why I love you."

"Whoa missy I have a girlfriend as soon as I get up from this dream. I'm more likely to spend most of my days with her in my 'real life' and I love her and I love being with her" I said all I felt about my girlfriend expecting a defeated look, instead my voice grew down and her smile beamed.

'hmmm' my luck in life so far was nothing expect my girlfriend, she's such an angel to look at, very successful career, more of a major bread winner at home, my constant motivator, my caretaker, my mother. Yeah I know too extreme but missing the care and love of my mother at the age of 12, my girlfriend makes up for all the love I lost and more in abundance, she even has the same name as my mother 'Sarah'.

Lost in my train of thoughts I miss to see Ale softly crying and smiling at me. That is when I got a bit confused, well more confused to the existing. 

I am a man of fewer compliments. I save them for the days where repeated words does little justice for the emotion I'm dealing with and Sarah also cries and smiles the very same with the very same puppy eyes and cute dimples that she makes when she makes the funny crying smiling face. 

Instantly I reached up and held her, she quietly sobbed, after she got her composure back,

" listen Ale it's nice and fun and thanks for whatever you're protecting me from, but I got to get back home."

"There is no place safe for you back there."

"Ha-ha you've gone totaly bonkers, I was about to ask you for the way, but I guess I'll find it."

"You'll never find your way out David and you're defenseless without me."

"Now listen to me lady, for all the care you've bestowed upon me I'm grateful, if there is something fierce out there lurking for me, I can face it myself, besides what can a pretty girl do anyway? You are going to cry for help like a helpless girl. Which you actually is? Now get out of my way."

"Oh so now I'm a helpless girl huh? Well let's see deadly David, beat me in a fight, and you will be at your home in the next hour"

"Hey you're not worth as my opponent and not worth my time, and if you are going to make a wager make it reasonable, my house, next hour If beat u? We're in the middle of nowhere"

"I believe in my abilities, what you've got to lose? Unless you're being a chicken that is, Deadly David?"

"You're testing my patience Alexia."

-WHAM- unbelievably I was knocked back few feet gliding with the impact.

"What the hell..." -WHAM- I cough out blood.

"You're on babe, oh you're definitely on, not because you're a tough chick, like the saying goes you hit like a girl, but I love taming wild horses."

"All your going to do is talk?"

"Why don't you try to shut me up?"

As Ale tried a roundhouse kick to the face I dodged it right in time and prepare for a counter attack on her lower back, yeah kidney punch is not advised but I got to shut her down, the quicker I do it, it's best for her.

"just worry about yourself David" saying so she easily dodged my punch and used my momentum for a takedown as I did a roll on I was awarded with punch to my jaw and the impact is so hard I hit the wall which was quite some far from me.

'Damn she hits harder than I thought, need to take her balance down, her staggering moment is my time for offence' while I formulate my plan Ale smirks at me like its all no good.

Just as I thought when I made a crouched attack to her legs to knock her down, she did a jumping spinning kick like she knew my plan long before I formulated it, cause a complicated counter move like spinning kick at this early of the fight needs precise planning.

She had her grin fixated and she went in for the kill, as I connected to a series of attack starting a kick to my chest to knock my wind out before I could comprehend the situation, I was to dealt literally with a power kick to the face and before I felt the ground smack me. Ale dived in with a mean left elbow and started pummeling me. She used the dragon bite where a series of high-powered punches and elbow dealt to ones upper torso's weak points.

I coughed blood, which I spit on her face to get her distracted and throw her off me with the little strength I could muster and I staggered to stand up spitting blood

She reads my mind; I am absolute. I have to fight without thinking, without emotions, I should be on deadly survival mode, the old man had thought me a fighting technique called the "Iron scaled blind dragon" it's a technique of zero offence as the user will not be availed to be offensive in battle. Therefore, does the opponent as one cannot land a blow while the other is using the technique, as it is so good in defense its highly impenetrable. The blind dragon is for, as the user of the technique fights with closed eyes relaying on his other senses.

I take my stance feeling the surrounding, feeling my heartbeat, feeling the air, feeling the space and my entire surrounding

"A blind technique; huh? You're no good with your eyes open" saying so she attacked again

-Connect- right fist

-Connect-abdomen punch

-Connect- uppercut

"You really think I cannot see through your defense, think again David"

Saying so, she came for an attack, for my senses register her coming angle and speed from the sound and vibrations on the floor, and as she is, close enough now the shift in the air gave away her attacking appendage at what angle and what speed

-Block- her right hook

-Block- her left kick

-Doge- her floor swipe

-Doge- her rights elbow

-Blind spot- as she twisted with her force I feel the blind spot on her back, her kidney

-Counter attack- right punch, impact to her left kidney she staggered forward

"How did you..." is all she managed to say in disbelief

The blind dragon is not the best offensive style, but it's one of the best ever for counter attacks and blind spots as the technique reads the opponent with extreme precession, one's instincts becomes a superfast computer always calculating at a sub-conscious level
