 Author notes:

I have proofread and edited as best I could, but mistakes always make it through.

As always, your feedback and thoughts are welcome; I hope you enjoy reading this part.

Now for a few warnings that might be minor spoilers:

This chapter contains F/F elements. Future parts are going to include amazon chicks with dicks. No futa on female sex in this part, unfortunately. More will be added to this as needed when the story progresses further; I cannot guarantee that a future section will not contain something that offends you.

Disclaimer:

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. Please do not repost this story without the author's permission.

Also, all individuals engaged in sexual activities are of ages 18 and above.

*************

Chapter-1:

*************

The Northern Swallow Woods was located as the name would suggest to the northern border of Wrishiria, a recently thriving and prosperous kingdom on the Ores continent.

Although it was not always so, in recent years, the Wrishirians were finally at peace with their neighbors to the west and east. It only took a unified goal to make them set aside their differences and dislike for one another, and that goal was conquest.

Their kings cast their eyes to the north where the non-humans lived. Believing them and their Gods to be inferior in every possible way to their own people and the Gods and Goddesses of humanity, the three kingdoms formed a coalition to invade and plunder their northerly neighbors.

Thus, it was when they were given a bloody nose and driven back to their own lands, the three kingdoms were forced to sign the treaty, declaring a hundred years of peace with all the parties that signed.

Having lost most of their forces and no expedient and efficient way of replenishing their numbers for the foreseeable future, the coalition agreed to sue for peace and disbanded.

It remained to be seen if the peace will last and if lessons learned will be forgotten, as old grudges were not wholly forgotten and new grudges were still fresh in the minds of humanity.

******

The massive primal forest was dominated by oak, beech, ash, lime, and yew trees. The forest floor was teeming with fauna and flora aplenty if one was adventurous enough, one could find many hidden wonders in the bowels of this magical forest.

But not many would dare breach the invisible border where the trees of this forest began. Only the most adventurous or foolhardy, along with some criminal elements with no other place to go would venture trough.

The Northern Swallow Woods was home to all kinds of plants and wildlife, both benign and malignant and would often prey on the inexperienced and unwary.

The most formidable of these inhabitants were the humanoids of which the Goblins, Elves, and amazons were the most numerous, found in the presence of their own kind, living in tight-knit groups and clans of various sizes.

-Excerpts from the book: An Adventurer's guide to Ores, by The Diviner of Discovery.

******

The Jade Elves were named after one of the rivers that flowed through the forest where they first settled. Like most of their woodland kin, they made their homes high up in the ancient trees, upon great wooden platforms with vine-fiber spun ropes and wooden bridges to connect each house and building, only when necessity called for it, would something be built on the forest floor.

The blacksmith and boyer, along with the carpenter and potter were some of these buildings. The forest floor was also where the elves built the shrine of their Goddess, Imera, daughter Goddess to the Godly husband and wife pair, Zolo and Gumerea.

In the middle of the village was the market square, it served as a gathering point in festivities as well as a gathering spot for merchants to hawk their goods with loud voices calling out their prices at stalls built all around the circumference. Its lively atmosphere was only matched by the local watering hole.

Near the bank of the steadily flowing river and the village dock, sat the inn and the stables. Although the stables were for visitors from other tribes and clans, as well as the occasional amazon ambassadors. Human merchants primarily came and left by shallow water boats and barges, so they had no need to stable any horses of their own.

The Deepest Crossing was the inn's name, built on the Jade Beck river, was also named for the bridge the elves have constructed to cross the rapid waters to the opposite bank.

The four-story building was the only of its kind in the village doubling as a tavern as well a place for fortune seekers and visitors to get a room. Its stout walls built with river rock and mortar along with timber worked by the elves in elegant patterns. As the only place that visitors could stay while visiting, the Deepest Crossing was busy at all hours, and one could hear men and women making merry most nights after a hard day of haggling. Suffice it to say, the only elves busier than the innkeeper and his family were the Elder Council.

Just outside the village, beyond the closest outpost manned by eleven rangers, between the tall trees and thick vegetation was a lush green clearing that held all manner of plants, herbs, and fruits, both common and rare.

At the center of this clearing was a brook that ran off somewhere in the Jade Beck. Next, to this brook, its roots planted deep into the fertile soils, stood a young oak tree, offering shade to the sole occupant leaning against its stout body.

A beautiful nymph, with creamy skin of the same color as the tree that she was resting against comfortably, busy weaving away at a wooden basket her face a picture of innocence as she hummed a wordless tune along with the songbirds that sat in the trees and looked upon the youthful nature spirit. 

A refreshing spring breeze swept through the forest and past the clearing, lightly ruffling red hair, giving the illusion of living flames on top of her head.

The young dryad had just reached the age of eighteen summers this spring, and as dryad births are a rare thing, this made her the most youthful of the dryads living currently in this forest, at least as far as the village inhabitants could tell, after all even seeing a dryad is a rare thing much less having one living near a village.

The Jade Elves' rangers brought her back with them to the village after they set out to repel bandits from their territory.

Amongst the possessions of the brigands was a mother dryad, dead but still clutching a young one to her bosom in an attempt to protect her child when two stray crossbow bolts from bandits pierced the tent they were kept in.

The point and fire weapons were a favorite in bandit groups that could afford them. They did not require the same amount of training a competent longbowman would take to be proficient like professional soldiers and elven rangers.

That being said, in this encampment, bolts would often find friends just as often as foes in the panic that ensued that day.

Being away from her tree for so long and no ability to plant a new one in the bandit camp meant that the bolts struck mortal wounds.

The leader of the group buried the mother under an oak tree and took the babe with him back to their village to be raised like she was born an elven child, at least at first. They named her after the first of her kind, Kelaria.

Children in most elven clans were communally raised by adults, and vital and life-changing decisions were decided by the Elder Council of the clan.

Kelaria had the characteristics of most of her kind, she was quiet and shy, if not more shy than most, with a whimsical sense of humor and loved to play pranks on the unwary on occasion, usually with the help of a furry friend.

Kelaria lived in the village proper until she started to develop and the need to plant her own tree grew great, that was the excuse the Elders waited for to relocate her further away from the village proper.

Another factor was Kelaria's increasing disdain of wearing clothes and the increasingly admiring looks she received from the village men and women that forced the Council to intervene.

Kelaria was not bothered in the slightest when the Elders moved her into her own clearing and delighted in living under her tree in the beautiful place she cultivated for herself and the freedom it provided her.

A visiting druid took an interest in a young Kelaria's nature and showed her what plants and herbs she could grow by herself and which properties were suitable for which ailments. Most of the village's herbal ingredients thus came from the dryad's grove.

But growing herbs and medicinal plants were not the only things Kelaria kept herself busy with, she also learned basket weaving from her friend Yrneha and now far surpassed her friend's apprentice level expertise.

Kelaria found that she could encourage the trees around her to grow a few extra limbs for her weaving, and they always went about this task eagerly like faithful hounds eager for their master's attention.

Kelaria was told she was blessed by Zolo and Gumerea when the Elders noticed how plantlife and animals would always bend to her will. 

Often as a child, an Elder would find Kelaria shaping a wooden toy from a piece of wood with her little hands or playing school with little critters as her students along with her best friend, Yrneha.

"There, another one is done," the nymph's voice carried mellifluous through the warm air of the clearing, it was comparable to the songbirds around her, "that makes it ten in total this month, I wonder if the merchants brought any new books to trade."

The village next to the river was one of the few places human merchants could visit to trade with the elves, and so there would be quite a few traveling merchants in the inn and the stalls around the village square looking to buy or barter for elven goods that fetched a high price elsewhere in the kingdom. The most in demand of these elven commodities were mithril forged goods. The elves were the only race to be blessed by Imera to work the rare and magical metal.

The village got most of its necessities it could not get from the forest itself in this way.

Humans were tolerated in the village, as long as they kept to the inn and the market square. Anywhere beyond that, they were fair game to the rangers that patrolled the forbidden areas.

"I see you're speaking to yourself again, Kelaria," a fair skin elven maiden with silvery-white locks stepped through the trees as she entered the clearing, bringing with her the sugary-sweet smell of freshly baked Pippop cakes.

The nymph's delicate features made her heart-shaped face breathtakingly alluring when she merely had her soft natural expression on her face.

When Kelaria actually smiled, it was devastating to behold, and her best friend's steps faltered a bit before she shook herself and made it to where the nymph was lounging against her tree.

"Actually the trees told me you were coming to visit, Yrneha," Kelaria mentioned this matter-of-factly.

Kelaria's elven friend looked at her enviously, "After all these years, I still cannot believe you get to talk to trees and animals and at the same time look like that, all the village men are all pining over you even the married ones," the girl gestured at the nymph's body.

Kelaria looked down at her naked body, her skin was a warm brown, the same color as her tree, and it had faint swirling patterns like leaved vines running all over her body in mysterious designs.

The elves also liked to have these kinds of vine-like tattoos, but Kelaria's was all natural, making her wonder if the elves did not first learn to make the patterns from dryads.

Red hair, warm like autumn leaves hung until the tips brushed the tops of the luscious swells on her chest.

Kelaria's breasts were not as big as she heard some of the Human and amazon females could get, in fact, they were only a handful, average sized for dryads and elves alike.

But what they lacked in size they made up for in perkiness, the firm orbs would jiggle deliciously when the Kelaria moved around her grove, and they were topped by a richer darker brown areola and delicate nipples that would often stiffen and crinkle these days as she found herself daydreaming more frequently about the village girls.

The nymph also had a slim waist and feminine hips but what truly set her apart from the rest of the elven girls was Kelaria's plump derriere.

The nymph's backside often stopped foot traffic when she had to make an appearance in the village, it did not help that she only wore scarves to protect her modesty.

Well, modesty the Council insisted on after multiple incidents involving the village's residents and the alluring nymph.

A few too many fights breaking out to see who would get to court her, and even some elves not looking where they were going to gawk at the nymph's privates, causing more than one fall from their treetop dwellings.

While more casual with nudity than other races and people, Kelaria drove even the most stoic of the elves to distraction.

The Elders finally got fed up and told Kelaria to cover up, and after a long debate settled on soft scarves, that humans often traded, as a compromise.

They were the least offensive material to her skin and in numbers could cover up or even emphasize her charms when the mood struck her.

After some thought, Kelaria looked back up at her friend, "Well I do have an exotic look going for me, but Yrneha, you know I prefer the attention of girls, I'm not attracted to men at all."

The platinum-haired elven maiden gave a lusty smirk, "Oh I am very aware you are into girls," she was now leering at Kelaria, "after all you really seem to enjoy it when I fuck you with my fingers."

"Yrneha! must you speak so vulgarly all the time?" Kelaria exclaimed, scandalized, blushing a darker shade of brown on her delicate cheeks, "You have been hanging around the humans again, haven't you?"

Although hearing her talk so dirty is really starting to turn me on, Kelaria thought, squeezing her thighs together as she blushed faintly.

"Yes, but in my defense, they are so much more fun than any stick-in-the-mud of an elf I know," the elf said.

Which is probably right, Kelaria thought. She did not interact with humans herself, always using her best friend as her intermediary if she wanted to trade for something, but the only elf Kelaria knew that didn't mind humans otherness seemed to be her friend. These days even Kelaria was barely treated better than humans by the villagers except for Yrneha.

Kelaria knew her friend was forming a reputation in the village for her seemingly looser morals and slightly different beliefs than the other village girls, she would frequently tell her friend about all her conquests in excruciating detail, often making the nymph blush which made the elven maiden laugh and teases her for being a lousy dryad.

According to Yrneha, dryads were all supposed to be sexual Goddesses amongst mortals, but Kelaria seemed too innocent and shy. The nymph did not want to admit to her friend; that she was more than a little curious, sometimes wondering what it would be like to experience those things for herself.

Kelaria's best friend got a mischievous look on her pretty face and moved to sit in front of the nymph, placing the basket of treats near the oak tree moving the wooden baskets to the side.

"Normally I would just tell you what I did today while we finger each other's cunnies," The elf said pushing the nymph to lie flat on the soft mossy ground, "but I met a merchant's wife today that was left all alone, and she showed me something I want to try on you since I got back from the inn."

Kelaria trusted Yrneha implicitly, so she let the elf position her on her back, her flame red hair spread like a halo around her head on the soft bed of the moss she laid on and then watched with curious leaf-green eyes as the fair-haired elf parted her brown thighs with pale hands exposing her sex to Yrneha's hungry gaze.

The elf then settled in above the nymph with her face only inches away from the hairless folds, and Kelaria could feel her friend's warm breath on her most intimate parts.

It made Kelaria begin to moisten with dew as her friend reached her sex with one hand, the other still supporting her weight, and spread her open with two fingers to reveal the nymph's pink insides.

Yrneha gave a lusty groan and moaned, "I love the contrast of my pale fingers, spreading open your dark folds to reveal your pink cunny," Kelaria's friend lightly blew warm air on her button as it became engorged enough to come out of its hiding place, "Now pay attention, I want you to do this for me in a bit."

"What are you-Ahhh! Oh my!" Kelaria jerked up onto her elbows so she could watch her friend's tongue travel through her folds, as Yrneha finally reached her clit Kelaria moaned, "oh my, ahhh, ahhh your tongue feels so good on my little pearl!"

Kelaria felt her toes curl and her fingers dig into the soft mossy ground as her friend repeated the gesture, licking from Kelaria's crinkled butthole, through her folds and finally swirling her warm organ around her clit.

Yrneha raised her head, her smirking mouth was drenched with Kelaria's moist arousal, "You like that, huh? Your pussy juices taste so fucking good I'm going to be feasting on your cunt a lot from now on."

Kelaria knew from tasting herself a few times after she touched herself at night, that her liquid arousal had an aftertaste much like fresh fruit, a benefit from her ancestry, she gathered.

The elf paused then and took off her leather breeches and her boots, leaving the matching top for last, but that soon joined the rest of her clothes on the floor.

Kelaria's elven friend had a lithesome and willowy build, her breasts topped with cherry pink nipples, overall only a bit smaller than Kelaria's own.

Unlike Kelaria, Yrneha had a sparse patch of light colored hair above her clit, leaving the elf's bottom lips hair free and at the moment, flowered open in arousal. Her friend's thighs glistened wetly and drew her eyes between them as she approached Kelaria's prone form.

Yrneha explained while positioned herself at Kelaria's head, and went down on her hands and knees so that she was again facing the nymphs snatch, but this time had her own hovering over Kelaira's mouth, "You know what to do now, when I get close you can suck on my little nub until I gush on your pretty face, ok? Now let's do each other at the same time."

Without further preamble, Yrneha buried her face back in between Kelaria's spread open, brown thighs.

Kelaria moaned and looked up in wonder as she reached up, spreading her friend's flowered open lower lips wider with two of her fingers. This was the first time she had a closer look at her friend's nethers, and she found she really liked how her friend looked and smelled.

Breathing in her friend's musk once more she gave a tentative lick, then finding the taste agreeable, Kelaria speared her extended tongue into her friends opening seeking more of the sweet nectar drooling from Yrneha's wet and warm hole. She let her tongue brush over a slightly rougher patch in her friend's sheath. That made the elf moan into Kelaria's own pussy.

"Oh yes Kelaria, push your tongue as deep in me as it can go! Fuck! Why is your tongue so long? Uhnnn!" moaned Yrneha briefly lifting her head to get Kelaria to dive in deeper.

Kelaria started to move her tongue in and out of her friend's snug tunnel with her abnormally long tongue in a thrusting motion, forcefully fucking Yrneha with her tongue. She made sure to hit that magical spot inside her friend with every stroke.
