 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Story was requested by Et2bruttus.

I had a lot of fun writing it and my wife enjoyed reading and editing the final piece.

Please feel free to leave any comments or thoughts down in the comment section!

*****

Jack and Eve were a man and wife who had been happily married for 4 years and both had just turned 24. Jack was a rough and tough, "do it yourself" kinda man with a smirk for a smile and whom loved his wife more than anything. Eve was a nerdy girl who stuck to books over people but was fiercely loyal to her husband despite the fact that she often got long stares from other men. She stood a few inches below her husband, and at 5'5 and weighing in at 115 lbs she tried to wear clothing to hide her size 34C breasts from the peering eye. However, her jeans never did her any justice when it came to modesty. Her round, perky ass stayed snug and everything she wore seemed to hug her hips and body perfectly. 

Jack loved every inch of Eve and Eve would blush as he enjoyed teasing her and whispering vulgar words into her ear. The young couple had an excellent sex-life and often enjoyed vigorous love making sessions. Eve would sometimes dress skimpy to show off her curves and soft, porcelain body to strangers and any other onlookers, but only when she was feeling confident enough. Otherwise, Eve stuck to her books and her husband Jack whom she had an undying love for. 

—————————————

Jack and Eve were a couple from a time much different than our own. They had just moved from Earth to Mars where humans and aliens co-existed in a somewhat peaceful environment. It wasn't common to see humans on Mars because space travel between the two planets had just started to take off. Jack, however, had a very rich father who was one of the first to purchase a house on Mars. 

Recently, Jack's father had passed and he left the young couple his house and they both snatched up the opportunity to explore space and took the first shuttle to Mars they could get their hands on. Jack's father was not a good man by any means and used everyone around him to his advantage. 

He pissed off some very powerful people, but the majority of the time he was always able to outsmart them and always seemed to weasel his way out of trouble. His father also had a terrible love for gambling and spent a lot of his money playing the exotic games found throughout Mars, and even dabbled with alien prostitutes.

Once the couple finished unpacking their things inside of their new house, they both explored the new house together excitedly, and played with all of the alien gadgets that operated different portions of the home. They had always watched sci-fi movies together and dreamed of what it would be like to see alien technology, and even meet aliens, now they could live out those dreams thanks to Jack's father, rest his soul. 

"Honey! Check out this cool computer looking thing!!" Eve shouted to Jack as she started pushing glowing buttons to turn on the device.

Jack walked over and tossed a small wristwatch to the couch as he sat beside his wife. "Ah yes. That's a holo-recorder my love. They are new to Earth, but old technology for this world. My father had it installed so he could talk to me and sing me happy birthday while he was up here doing business."

"The shipping business?" Eve responded after giving up on trying to operate the machine and resting her head on Jack's broad shoulder.

"Yeah, something like that. He did some uh... other stuff that he never talked about, but he left me his shipping business up here. It's how he was able to pay for all of this I think? I'm not too sure. My dad was a private man. It kinda explains why you only met him a handful of times before...you know... the 'accident'."

By "the accident", Jack was referring to a group of aliens that had finally caught up to his Father and whom filled his body with plasma rounds as he walked out of an alien red light district. Despite his booming business, Jack's dad owed a lot of money to a lot of people, including two very large and very dangerous alien factions. Jack never found out any of this until after the shooting. The coroner found a note inside the jacket which read, "Consider your debt to Jester paid for in blood. Asshole."

Jack made sure to withhold that bit of information from everyone who asked, except his wife. He could never lie to her. Instead, Jack and Eve told people that Jack's father was crushed by one of the giant rig spaceships he used for shipping when the boosters gave out. However, no one really asked questions about his father because they had never been to Mars, and didn't know much about it anyways. Jack still make sure his father had a closed casket funeral to help further the lie. His Dad might've been an asshole, but to Jack, he was still his father and Jack loved him.

Eve sighed and stayed quiet for a moment before bounding off her seat and darting to the window that faced the red sand-stained city. A hover car zoomed by and she caught a glimpse of a few aliens chatting away in their native tongue. She watched as a giant skyscraper pillar that generated oxygen spun silently around and around, its large blades glowing blue and red as it spun in toxic air and pushed out oxygen. 

Eve smiled and her heart raced. She thought about having a family with Jack; raising their children with other humans on Mars, as well as the different alien species that resided with them and all the stories they would have together. She also thought the different regions of Mars they could explore, and even the possibility of exploring other planets. 

As her mind dreamily wandered off, Jack snuck up behind her and gently wrapped his arms around her small waist and kissed her neck softly. They had finally moved in. And they weren't on Earth anymore. Earth rules didn't really apply to Mars. Everything was handled differently. Everything. It was alien law around here and humans had to obey. 

—————————————

After a month of living on Mars and getting into a set routine, Jack and Eve's lives were suddenly disrupted. Jack came home from work and noticed that Eve was gone. He didn't panic at first. He figured maybe she had gone out to the marketplace to grab food for dinner or pick him up a gift. 

They hadn't made friends yet, so she couldn't have been out with friends. No, Jack didn't panic until he found himself face to face with a hologram of a big, ugly pale-green faced Alien. As the hologram flashed before him Jack himself had to pause for a moment to truly take in how horrid this alien looked. 

The creatures face resembled a humans, with the apparent eyes and mouth, but more twisted and as he stared more and more he realized it leaned more towards looking like a pig's face more than anything else. The alien had scars stretched across his ugly face probably from battles past. When it opened its mouth to speak, Jack could see yellow stained teeth that oozed in black slime dripping from its gums.

The beast finally spoke, "Hello there, 'Jack'. You're probably wondering who I am and where your woman is. Well worry not for she is now in my possession. And why you might be asking? Well, here's the thing Jackie my boy. A while back your father took a loan from us. Well, actually he took a few loans from a few different people, including myself."

"He was a slimy one- your father, but as you might already know he did not manage to slip away from good ol' Jester and if it is not already apparent, he hasn't escaped from me now either. You see, Jester got his payback by killing your old man, but me? You think I'm just gonna forgive his loan now that he's dead? Oh no. No, no. I have certainly not forgiven that pathetic pile of flesh." the hulking alien spat via the hologram-recorder. 

Jack listened to the disgusting alien hologram blubber on with his fists tightly clenched glaring straight into the beast's hollow looking eyes. 

"What you and my father had agreed to does not involve me or MY wife. Where is she? Where is Eve???" Jack questioned, his teeth and fists both clenching tighter.

"Oh, but boy. It really does involve you both. You see, how do you think he was able to purchase that house you and the precious girl are living in? And his shipping company? Who do you think funded that? I did. Me! Me and MY men busted OUR asses off for that money your father so generously took and selfishly wasted. Now, you owe us his loan. I want it all back. And as interest, we will be using your little human wife here as our toy," the alien grinned through his yellow teeth and his wet, slippery tongue slid across his chapped lips after he said 'toy'. 

"You're not going to do shit! I'll have the rangers out here get your ass and I'll see you executed for violating the human/alien peace pact!" Jack spat back, standing up from the couch and swinging his fists around as he spoke. He was furious. And after hearing how they were going to abuse his wife? His precious Eve? Hell no! 

The alien laughed, "You have no power here human, so know your place. This is our side of the universe, not yours. I am Hulgarth, leader of the Red Claw. And no one fucks with the Red Claw's. Not even the rangers. We own them. We own everyone. Your dad fucked with the wrong crew Jackie-boy. And now your precious little wife here is ours for the taking. And oh boy, are we going to take. You know...now that I think about it I've never been with a human before. And I can guarantee Miss Eve here has never had the taste of Alien cock. Have you Eve?"

Jack could hear Eve's struggles cries in the background and she yelled out for Jack. Hulgarth looked back at Jack through the hologram and he smiled once again, his double chin swaying as he shook his head and clicked his lips.

"Now, now. You be a good little human and get me back my money. 600 Galaxars. Or in human currency, $250,000. You own that shipping company after all now right? So why don't you uhh, pull some strings? Just like I'm about to pull your wife's strings hahahaha," Hulgarth busted into laughter as Eve began sobbing. 

That was the last Jack saw and heard before the hologram clicked off leaving a set of numbers and alien letters acting as a routing number for the money. Jack picked up a glass cup and hurled it across the room before roaring out in anger and clenching a fist full of his own hair. 

How was he going to come up with $250,000 for his wife's return? The shipping business wasn't even worth that much, it was small. And who the fuck was this Hulgarth shithead and what the fuck was the Red Claw? He had only been on Mars for a month and he was already now knee deep in shit. 

—————-

Meanwhile, Eve was cowering in a corner of the open crew area where different alien creatures stood around her, staring and cooing, some of them even drooling from their mouths. Hulgarth stepped away from his chair and walked to the center of the room with his hands raised high.

"Well, well, well Mrs. Eve. Looks like you now know why we kidnapped you. Your "hubby" owes us some money no thanks to his asshole of a father. And I must say," Hulgarth rubbed his double chin and wiped away beads of sweat that started forming just from walking. "I have never seen an actual human in person," He paused and leaned down towards Eve, close enough for her to smell his putrid breath.

"No, we always kept our distance just because you were... 'alien' to us. But I must say, sweetheart..." Hulgarth clicked his tongue and paused to wipe more sweat from his face. "You really are something I would love to bury my cock deep into."

Hulgarth grabbed his very large outlined cock that was now barely being restrained in his pants. He shook it up and down as he spoke to her, his large green gut spilling out of his small jacket as he had no shirt on. The crew cheered and stomped their feet after his speech. 

Eve cried, "Please! Just let me go! We didn't do anything and his debt was not ours! I promise I won't tell anyone what's happened!!"

Hulgarth let out a deep chuckle, "Oh you pathetic girl. No one cares that you are here. No one cares about what we do so long as we leave them alone! You see, everything is much different here in space. There are no 'laws' you humans like to make. Money talks and we all leave each other alone. And despite that ridiculous peace pact we mind our own...FUCKING...BUSINESS!!" His voice escalating to an angry yell. 

In fact, no one really cared about the Human/Alien pact Jack spoke of besides the humans themselves. No one upheld it. In fact, humans were far outmatched against alien technology. The aliens could've taken over Earth hundreds of years ago if they really wanted to, but again, the Aliens didn't care. So long as no one fucked with them, and they had their money and technology they didn't fuck with anyone else. They just, co-existed. However, Jack owed them. His father fucked up and now Hulgarth had his precious little wife all to himself. 

His clunky junk ship slowly sputtered in space drifting nowhere and there was no place Eve could run, no one she could call, and no one on the ship she could beg enough to free her. He was right. No one cared. 

"Rex!!" Hulgarth called out after sitting down for a moment in a makeshift throne that looked like it was formed by different alien bones. "Rex! God damn it. Someone get fucking Rex!" Hulgarth shouted angrily.

"Boss! Rex is on his way!"

And sure as the sun is hot, Rex appeared. He looked animal? Wolf? Eve wasn't sure. What caught her attention was his large, fur coated ball sack. Her eyes followed it as it swayed side to side with each step he took. His angled, hind legs kicked a smaller alien who jumped up for a high five. Apparently this wolf looking alien was a big deal. He had 3 long, red scars across his hairy chest that lead from his right shoulder and down to his abdomen. His red glowing eyes scanned the room for Hulgarth before he walked over to The Boss.

"Wassup Boss, you called?" Rex spoke, he had a heavy, gruff voice.

"Rex, go grab our new guest and let's see what she's got under those clothes will you? I've been dying to see what these humans look like... naked," Hulgarth chugged a slimy beverage down and grinned mischievously as he waited for the order to be carried out. 

Rex walked over to Eve who was dumbfounded at his size. Rex stood just as tall as Hulgarth, a staggering 7-8 feet in height, at bare minimum. His large, heavy sack stared her in the face as she backed further against the cold metal of the junk ship. 

"Please...you...you don't have to do this... my husband will pay! He'll pay I swear it!"

Before Eve could spout out anymore pleas, a large clawed and padded hand reached around her waist and hoisted her up into the air. He walked with her to the center of the room with ease even with Eve struggling as best she could. She was no match for such a beast. 

"Specs, grab the damn holo-recorder will you? I wanna send our friend Jack a little gift. Let him know I'm serious. And Rex, would you be so kind as to strip this little doll down until her bits are swaying in the breeze?"

"Sure thing, Boss."

Eve's arms were lifted above her head so she was dangling by her wrists in one of Rex's paws and with a single swipe from his other paw, his claws sharp, her clothes were shredded to pieces around her feet. Eve shuddered and tried to hide her exposed body from these hideous creatures. No man other than her husband, and maybe a boyfriend or two, had ever seen her naked. 

She had always tried to stay out of the prying-eye. And now here she was, on display to all these Alien beings. She was completely exposed to their gawking eyes and her face flushed pink in her humiliation. Specs ran back into the room holding a weird pole that wasn't any bigger than a flashlight. Eve also was able to get a good look at 'Specs'. 

He was a monkey looking alien with beady black eyes and wore a pair of holographic glasses that shimmered with blue currents. He had to be the size of a child and he walked sideways almost, like a monkey would. His face was monkey looking, his body resembled a monkey, he was hairy like a monkey, but he had two weird antennae-looking bumps that protruded up from his head where his ears should be. 

Specs got closer to Eve and she could see his leathery ball sack dragging against the ground as he walked. His own cock resembled that of a humans. Smooth and quiet large for his stature. It almost poked him in the chin as it stood straight up in anticipation. Eve looked away embarrassed as Specs fumbled with the device trying to get it to turn on. Suddenly, the holo-recorder clicked on with a low buzz as it began recording the entire ordeal. 

——————————————

The next day, Jack returned home from organizing his business and he gave himself an early day off so he could plan how he was going to pay the scumbags back, or if he even was going to pay them. He could call a few of his buddies on Earth with whom he served with during the World Revolution that ended in the final pact between the humans and aliens. 

Jack sighed. Who was he kidding? He wasn't a cop or 'Ranger' aka the Galaxy Police who didn't give a fuck what happened so long as everyone stayed in their lane and they got paid. How was he going to fight? He didn't even know how many aliens this 'Hulgarth' had under his belt or where they even were. Somewhere in space probably, but who knew exactly where? The galaxy was a big place. And humans really didn't have the upper hand for once in their lives. 

At least, Jack certainly didn't. With the odds stacked against him, he still did all he knew he could do with knowledge he would never come up with the amount of money needed— he went to the Galactic Rangers anyway. With nothing else to lose he told them exactly what happened, some asshole named Hulgarth had his wife and is now using her as a ransom. 

Right off the bat, he had two undercover aliens who looked like a crocodile on steroids walking upright with a set of hightec shades, and a large ape with dark, hollow eyes resembling the classic "green alien with black eyes" look to assist him. The two walked Jack into their office and Jack explained everything, even his father's deal thinking they would need every bit of info they could— even the bad shit. 

The ape spoke with a deep booming voice, "That sounds like his memo. We've been tracking this asshole for awhile after your father was murdered. Believe it or not, you humans actually tend to complicate things. Makes a lot of noise when a human is killed on Mars. Earth Defense gets on our asses to investigate it or we all face the start of a very long war with your world. To be honest, we really don't care, but if one of ours is going to go around killing humans? Well, that's forcing our hand."

Jack was furious at these two men, but he needed them just as much as they needed him to help track down Hulgarth. Afterwards, Jack went home and made some phone calls to his old war buddies after all. He'd use some of his companies money to fund their trip. Fuck paying some mob boss a bunch of money when he'd probably just continue to keep fucking Eve regardless. Jack knew true evil. He lived it and saw men die by it. 

Jack threw his coat against the couch once he got back home and sunk into the cozy cushions. He threw his feet up onto the glass table and looked over at the portrait of him and Eve during their wedding shoot. He vowed silently that he would find her and bring her home- no matter the cost. Hulgarth had no idea what Jack was capable of. Jack did pause for a moment to think about the situation. A bunch of aliens experiencing their first human pussy and on top of that, Eve's pussy. The thought stirred his cock making it start to grow. Suddenly, his hologram computer blinked.
