 Author's Note: This story contains adult content. Do not read if you are under the age of 18. Additionally, this is not an accurate representation of slavery, mind control or non-consensual sex at all, as it exists in a fantasy setting. Non-consensual sex/sexual acts, hypnosis, and sex slavery in real life is highly immoral and illegal, and I do not condone such acts. All characters in this story are above the age of 18.

* * *

Courtney came to, though she wasn't entirely sure how much time had passed. The last thing she could remember was being tied up by an alien type creature, and some sort of laughing gas being launched out for her to pass out to. She felt humiliated; those aliens could probably be taken care of by a level one or two cadet, and yet here she was — one of the top members who lost and got kidnapped. Not that she could register such an unimportant thing; the flow of time was the least of her concerns when she found herself chained to the corner of a jail cell with hardly any light, wearing nothing but a skimpy bra and panties that barely did anything to cover her junk. Already being captured was demoralizing enough, but being thrown into these degrading clothes was much, much worse.

As soon as she was conscious enough, she heard the door to the outside hall of the cell creak open, and some footsteps came through. Courtney couldn't tell, though - was it a human? Or one of the aliens? As soon as she thought this, she realized she was hearing multiple footsteps, and she could deduce there were at least three sets of two legs.

She next heard the door to her cell open, and slam shut behind her captors as they walked in. Faint giggling hovered around the room as they enclosed on Courtney. Suddenly, her vision was blinded as one of them shot a flashlight in her eyes. Then she could make out what her kidnappers looked like — they were human-looking, for sure, but their skin was a pasty blue, with elf-like ears and feathers on the tops of their head in place of hair. All looked feminine, though who could know considering the alien nature of them.

"Wakey wakey, sunshine," one of them, the tallest one, laughed as she spoke. "How'd you sleep?"

"Fuck off," Courtney spat, somehow gaining the energy back to fight. Unfortunately, there was not much she could physically do; her wrists were bound together, and her knees were shackled to the ground.

"Oh, I think we've made her mad," another gasped in faux-surprise. "Listen, sweetie. You either tell us where the hell you came from is, or we do things to your mind you won't particularly enjoy."

Courtney got it in her to laugh. "You think that scares me? Please. I've heard far worse."

"Alright, Andrea. You wanna take this?" the third one asked, and Courtney heard who was presumably the leader, Andrea, speak up again.

"Sure. Her slut mouth probably isn't going to be good for talking, let's use it for something else."

Andrea pulled down her silk shorts, and there was the third thing distinguishing this species from human — she had a long, thick, writhing tentacle in place of any other kind of genitals. 

"Come on, open up wide, girlie," she taunted as her tentacle shifted in front of Courtney's face. She, of course, turned her face around to avoid having it shoved in. She clenched her teeth, resolved not to open her mouth for anything.

Andrea sighed, and leaned down to grab her chin to force her head back towards her tendril dick. "That's not opening up, idiot," she scoffed. "Get your mouth nice and ready for me, or I'm going to make you."

Courtney didn't budge. Her mouth remained tightly shut. At least, until Andrea's hand moved up to grab her by the hair roughly, causing her to wince and for her mouth to open just a tad. Unfortunately for her, it was enough for Andrea to force her tentacle into Courtney's mouth, starting not too deep to ease her into it.

A muffled groan came from Courtney's lips, around the writhing tendril. She struggled to pull back, her gag reflex kicking in, but she was unable to with Andrea having a solid grasp on Courtney's hair to pull her down further onto her. Feeling debased by the act, Courtney kept struggling.

A drop of precum dripped from the tip of Andrea's tentacle. At least, Courtney thought that's what it was until she actually tasted it. Her eyes widened and the rolled back as ecstasy hit her — that drop was the precursor to the most delicious thing she'd ever tasted. It tasted like fresh honey, only sweeter, but not sweet enough to make her gag (even more than she already was.)

Courtney could almost physically feel her mind warping. Already she needed more. But she resolved to not be tempted by it. She kept trying to pull back against Andrea's hand, and all the while needing more of that sweet taste.

"I can see it in your eyes," Andrea cooed. "You don't want to fight back anymore. It tastes good, doesn't it?"

She couldn't deny that, but she couldn't respond. Andrea was right — Courtney needed more. Instinctively, she began sucking willingly on her tentacle, only making it writhe more. She could feel her mind dripping away, her resolve fading as she could only focus on getting more of that sweet cum. Luckily or unluckily for her, Andrea was willing to give it to her, as she dumped a load of her cum into Courtney's mouth. The space soldier was over wash with pleasure and mindlessness. It was addictive.

Andrea pulled out of her mouth. "You're gonna swallow all that, sweetheart. Not that you're going to want to do anything else, anyways."

Courtney swallowed all of it, almost happily, and yet still feeling so degraded as to be turned into this. As Andrea pulled out, she could only fixate on looking at her tentacle, still dripping and everything.

"My turn," another one of the aliens said, preparing her tentacle as well. As soon as Courtney saw it dripping, she had to get a taste of it as well, and she opened her mouth immediately.

"Wow! I didn't think you'd break that easily. So much for 'fuck you' and 'let me go'," she laughed as Courtney willingly sucked on her, greedy for more of the cum. This one's taste was different, and still just as sweet and hypnotizing as she kept sucking, coaxing more out of her.

"I can't wait anymore," the last one sighed as she got rid of her undergarments as well. Instead of forcing Courtney to get both of them off, she began stroking herself, getting herself nice and hard and dripping all over Courtney's head and pink hair. Courtney didn't care — she needed more. She needed the juice all over her; it felt amazing just to be dripped on, too. Her skin felt softer, as if she just took off a face mask just by being dripped on.

The alien in her mouth pulled out, just to see her reaction. She cackled when Courtney instinctively let out a "no," resisting the idea of not being used as a cumdumpster.

"Before I cum in you, tell me," she started, grinning down at her. "Do you remember where you came from?"

Courtney thought. And she thought hard. But no matter how hard she contemplated, she couldn't remember. She shook her head, frowning.

"Do you remember your name?"

She thought again. Courtney couldn't even remember her own name, she realized. All she could remember — and think about — was the taste of these alien's cum. Whatever else was left in her mind went away.

"That's so adorable," Andrea sighed wistfully, then laughing at her again. "What a stupid slut. That's what you are, aren't you? You'll get a nice, nice reward, if you agree."

Courtney nodded quickly. She knew what the reward was — and she was willing to throw away her knowledge, her name, everything to get it.

"Good girl," the alien by her mouth praised her as she opened Courtney's mouth again and entered her. "Keep sucking, then. We all know that's what you're good for."

She was right — Courtney was nothing but a fucking, sucking machine. And as she thought this, she sucked harder, getting the tentacle to ejaculate into her. Once again, she was overcome by the sensations and lovely tastes of it, sucking until she had every last drop. Her hair was pet and played with lovingly, as if getting another load of cum wasn't enough of a reward.

As if on cue, the alien jacking off by her finished. She dropped a big load on Courtney's face, hair and tits. Physically feeling it on her skin was just as, if not more amazing than having it in her mouth. She didn't even care if they were going to wash her off or not — she was fine having it coat her skin for the rest of her miserable life.

"Watch this." Andrea picked off a bit of the cum on Courtney's skin with her fingers, and showed it to her in front of her face. Courtney immediately licked it off, having no self-control or self-respect left whatsoever. "Look at her! She's like an animal."

The three of them laughed at her, all reclothing themselves to hide their tentacles once again, all clean and dried off.

"Here, why don't we give you a present," one of them suggested, going to another part of the dark cell and pulling out something from the wall — another writhing tentacle, this one detached from a body yet still having a base.

"What a good idea!" the rest of them laughed as they showed it to Courtney. Courtney shook as she saw the detached tentacle also leak some of the fluids, silently begging for it to be on her, or inside her, anywhere.

"Lay down, with your cunt facing us." Andrea ordered, and Courtney immediately complied; she was soaking wet and dripping herself. She knew that she needed that tentacle deep inside her. If their cum tasted as good as it did and felt as amazing as it did on her skin, then she could only imagine what it felt like in her pussy.

Fortunately, she didn't have to imagine for long, as it was inserted in her. Already she could feel the juices take her over. She rocked her hips, stimulating the almost alive tentacle into ejaculating more of the juices from itself into her. She thrust up against it harder, and harder, coaxing it more and more. Once it finished inside of her, Courtney only took a few seconds before she had one of the most amazing orgasms in her life ever. She felt like such a slutty cumdumpster; but after all, that's what she was.

"You're going to keep that inside you for a long, long time," one of the cruel aliens snickered. "It's addictive, isn't it?"

"You may be our eternal sex slave until you die now, but at least you'll enjoy it too. Just forget anything from your past life, and accept your new one, no?"

"Y-yes, I accept," Courtney moaned, still thrusting against the toy even after finishing. "P-please..."

"Oh? You need more? Well, lucky for you, there's a line of us outside the door, waiting to dump their loads on you."

The aliens laughed and left. As they did, Andrea saw they were right — there was a line of them outside the door, and she could see three more immediately walk in.

But Andrea was fine with it. The army would be fine without her, right? Her mind was too long and far gone to be anything but a toy for this species.