 "Do you see anything? The fog is a good sign, right?" Anne asked.

"The sonar shows we're close to something, alright," Anglerod confirmed.

"And it's the island we're looking for? How can we tell?" said Anne.

"The mountain that looks like an erect cock and balls," Karl said.

"Oh, that's right, I remember you mentioned that," Anne replied.

"Here's the shore. You can hear the waves breaking," Anglerod observed.

"Wait, those aren't breakers. It's drums," Jack realized.

Karl said, "You're right. Maybe they saw us and are trying to guide us in. Look there, the fog is starting to clear up." As the ship slowed to a stop and dropped anchor, they could see the stone phallus towering over the wall that hid much of the island from view. "Do you believe me now? There it is, just like the map promised. Now let's go ashore."

"I'll let you take twelve of my men along," Anglerod granted.

"And you too, Captain. I expect we'll need you to translate for us," Karl said.

"I'm coming too, right?" Anne asked.

"Damn straight," said Karl.

"Shouldn't she stay behind until we know what we're dealing with?" Jack suggested.

"Not a chance. Experience has taught me to have my cast and my camera by my side at all times, ready to shoot if a good opportunity presents itself," Karl insisted.

"You really want to risk—"

"It's my film, Jack. Go help the men load up some guns and gas bombs. Anne, bring some of your costumes along in case you need to strip out of something sexy."

- - -

Once they pulled the launch boats ashore, they started in towards the village, following the sound of the drums. Finding the village abandoned, they continued on towards the wall. "Look at it! It's gigantic!" Karl said, excited.

"Amazing!" Anne agreed.

"Even taller than that one in China," Anglerod said.

"I knew it! This is going to be fantastic! Beyond belief!" Karl said.

As they approached the wall, they could finally see the villagers, engaged in some type of festival or ceremony with ritual dancing and pounding of drums. Suddenly a chant began, the primitive people chanting in unison, "Dongu! Dongu! Dongu!" Anne was standing next to Jack and reflexively grabbed his arm and moved her body against his. The accompanying sailors looked distinctly like they'd much rather be back on the ship. Karl moved closer, waving at the others to follow.

"What are we walking into here?" Anne wondered.

Some heathen bullshit, who the fuck knows," Jack sneered. "Stay close to me. You would have been safer staying on the ship." There was worry in his voice, but also a tent in his pants as Anne's breasts pressed against his arm..

"And miss all this excitement?" Anne said with a smile.

Karl led them in behind the old-fashioned minka houses and peaked around the corner at the ceremony. He turned back and called out quietly, "Captain, you gotta come see this! You there, bring my camera over!" Anne and Jack looked out around the corner while Karl moved out into the open to film the action, Anglerod by his side, listening and observing. The ceremony seemed to center around one of the village women, very young, barely more than a teenage girl. While the others around her were dressed in drab colors, she was wearing a bright red kimono, with jewelry made of seashells and her hair done up in a fancy bun.

Suddenly, one of the villagers yelled out and pointed at the group. The ceremony fell quiet as an older man that looked to be in change moved towards them. "Shit, they saw us. Well, no point in hiding now. Everybody come out where they can see us," Karl commanded. They did so, but the sailors clutched their guns, looking ready to either bolt or start shooting. "Now hold on, stand your ground men, stand your ground," Karl said.

"Brave face, now, everybody. Don't let them see that you've nervous," Jack said, even while putting his arm around Anne and protectively pulling her closer to him.

The daimyo reached the group and began talking. Karl nudged Anglerod forward. "Go on, Captain, let's have a nice chat with them." Anglerod stumbled over the words, but managed to make himself understood. "What's he saying?" Karl asked.

"Wants us to leave, what else?" Anglerod replied.

"Well change his mind! And find out what the party's all about," Karl demanded.

Anglerod conversed with the daimyo further, and pointed at the girl that was dressed up. The daimyo spoke, and when he said, "hime no Dongu-sama", the villagers around him all repeated the phrase with reverence.

"He says she's Lord Dong's princess," Anglerod said.

"Fuck yes! We sure picked the right time to come. Ask them what she's going to do," Karl said.

Another village elder came through the crowd to the daimyo and began to shout and rave. Anglerod translated, "This one's really upset that we've seen the ceremony. Says we have to leave."

"Change their goddamn minds, man! We can't leave now!" Karl insisted. Suddenly, the elder gasped, pointed at Anne, and babbled something with an excited tone. The daimyo seemed to agree and become equally excited.

"What's got them riled now?" asked Karl.

"They say look at the golden woman," Anglerod said.

"They've never seen a blonde in their lives," Karl observed.

The elder kept talking. "A gift for Lord Dong, he says," translated Anglerod.

"Oh, shit," Karl swore under his breath.

"The fuck she is!" Jack said.

"They want to buy her off of us," Anglerod continued. "Six of their girls in trade for Anne."

Anne gasped, and said, "Well I'm flattered, but I'm only for hire, not for sale."

Anglerod started to argue back with the village leaders. Jack sized up the situation and said, "Fuck this shit. I warned you, Dickem. I'm gonna get Anne back to the ship while you deal with your mess."

"We should all go, before they decide to surround us," Anglerod said.

"Fuck. Fine, then. But tell them we're coming back to make friends properly," Karl said. Anglerod gave parting words as the others started back the way they came, and then followed after them.

- - -

That night, Anne stood out on the deck in the moonlight, letting the ship's cook Jose feel her up under her blouse and skirt, and telling him about the excitement of the day. "Biggest goddamn wall I've ever seen, blocking the rest of the island off from the village."

Jose squeezed her breast and rubbed his fingers up and down her pussy lips. He asked, "And dis girl in de special dress? What's up with her?"

Anne moaned in appreciation as he pinched her nipple and started rubbing her clit. "From the look on her face, I got the sense she was resigned to something. Scared shitless, too much to even put up a fight."

"Sounds like sacrifice," Jose said, pushing two fingers into her now soaking wet pussy.

Anne's head fell back with an even louder moan. "The captain said they called her the princess of Lord Dong. Who's that now, I wonder?" Her hands went down to Jose's pants and worked to release his cock. Once she had it swinging free, she wrapped her hand around it and started stroking.

"Must be de beeg boss man if everybody's so afraid. It's got de crew worried too. But we safe here," Jose said. Anne yelled out in orgasm as she came on his fingers. Her legs became unsteady, but rather than fight it she let herself sink to her knees and took Jose's hard rod into her mouth.

"Oh, you hot slut, suck it good," Jose encouraged. She didn't resist when he put his hands on the back of her head and started pounding into her mouth. His moans grew in volume as she happily gagged on his member, until finally with a loud shout he released his load of cum down her throat.

Anne pulled herself back to her feet on the deck railing. "Hmm, thank you. Now how about you go find one of your crewmates and send him my way?" she purred.

"Aye aye, baby!" Jose said with a broad grin, and put his cock away while he headed off to find her someone else to play with. It was Jack that found her first, though.

"What are you still doing up?" he asked.

"Couldn't sleep. The drums are creeping me out," she said, not mentioning that she hadn't had enough orgasms yet tonight either.

"Dickem's batshit insane making you go over there today," he said.

"I have to admit I was starting to get frightened by it all," she confessed.

"It wasn't just you, either," Jack said, wrapping his arms around her from behind and resting his hands on her breasts, squeezing them gently.

"So what comes next?" Anne wondered.

"That's the problem. Dickem's too foolhardy. He's probably going to ask you to do something really stupid," Jack said.

"With all he's done for me, I'll do anything he wants," Anne said.

"Don't say that, baby. He's crazy enough to do anything to get his film done. It's too risky."

"I'm not going to let him down at this point."

"With what almost happened today, if anything happened to you..."

Anne laughed. "Well then you wouldn't have to complain about a woman on the ship anymore."

Jack pulled her tight against him. "Don't laugh. I'm worried for you. I'm worried that... Well, in this business we're supposed to know better, but I think I'm falling for you." Anne turned towards him, surprised to hear him say it. He looked just as surprised that he'd said it.

"Where'd that macho, woman-hating sailor boy go, hmm?"

"I think I threw him overboard after I got to sink my cock into you," Jack said. Anne pulled him close and kissed him, doing her best to shove her tongue down his throat.

They were immediately interrupted, though, when Anglerod called out Jack's name.

"Yeah? What is it?" he called back.

"Dickem wants to discuss strategy with the two of us. Get your ass up here," Anglerod said.

"On my way," Jack said.

"I'll be right here when you get back," Anne promised. "Though, you may have to wait for somebody else to finish in me."

"Dirty girl," Jack said. "Just the way I like 'em." He gave her another quick kiss, then started off towards the captain's cabin. Anne leaned back against the rail and watched his ass as he left. Her hand slipped under her skirt and went straight to her clit. Her moans covered the already quiet sound of several islanders pulling themselves up over the railing. They covered her mouth and dragged her back overboard. Had anybody been around to hear them, her muffled screams of panic sounded very much like she was merely trying to cover up an explosive orgasm.

Continued in Act IV