 "Alright, so in the morning we'll get another group together to go ashore. A couple of them that almost shit their pants today, they stay behind this time. Pick out guys that can handle themselves," Karl said. "We'll bring our trading materials along with us, see if we can't bribe our way into getting to see what's what around here."

"So you really think we can make friends with those island assholes?" Jack asked.

"And why not? Besides, there's no choice. I've got to see for myself what this Dong is," Karl replied.

"Just another islander legend. They needed a god to worship, Dong is it." Anglerod theorized.

"Great, we're here to make a film about a myth," Jack complained.

"Bullshit," Karl shot back. "That wall's not there for no reason."

"You said yourself those people don't even remember anything about when it was built," Jack argued.

"Did you see the gate, though? They've kept that thing together. There's something in that island they want to keep in there," Karl insisted. Suddenly, the sound of the drums from the village started up again.

Anglerod shook his head. "This late and they are still going at it?"

"It's a shame there's no way to film it in the dark, it must be something to see alright," Karl said.

"You really are a glutton for punishment, aren't you," Anglerod observed.

"Oh, fuck off," Karl shot back.

"Say, where did Anne get off to?" Jack wondered, looking down at the deck.

"Who knows. Maybe down in the crew quarters stirring up a gang bang again. I swear that girl is insatiable, I really lucked out with her. I'd have half a mind to go film it if it didn't mean I'd have to pay all those sailors to be in the picture," Karl said. "Even without my camera, I have half a mind to go join in."

"Yeah, that's not a bad idea actually," Jack said, rubbing his cock through his pants as he set off to go find her.

"How about you Skipper, want a piece of that hot ass?" Karl offered.

"As if letting you hire me for this trip wasn't already undignified enough," Anglerod grumbled. Karl gave him a knowing stare. "Alright, alright, she's spent a few nights in my cabin on the way out here. What the hell do you want from me, there's no way I'm turning down a smoking hot slut like that." Karl just laughed in response.

- - -

Jose walked the length of the deck with Blake by his side, keeping watch. He glanced down at the deck, then stooped down for a closer look. What appeared to be some debris turned out to be several beads, some of them still together on a string while others sat loose. "Captain, captain!" he shouted in a panic.

"What? What the fuck's the matter?" Angelrod said as he approached a few moments later.

"Look what I find on deck, sir!" Jose said, handing over the handful of beads.

"Oh, shit. That looks like something the islanders were wearing. They've been on board!" Anglerod said.

"What's the ruckus?" Karl asked, approaching with Jack close behind him.

"We need to search the ship. Jose just discovered that natives have been on board. Might still be here or have taken something."

"Those motherfuckers! It's Anne, they must have gotten her. She's not on the ship, I checked every room, stem to stern. Nobody's seen her for hours," Jack said.

"I knew I was going to regret this mad quest of yours, Dickem," Anglerod said. "Alright, let's get the crew armed and in the boats. We'll go get your girl and then we're casting off from this Godforsaken island."

- - -

Jack, Karl, Anglerod, and a group of sailors ran through the village towards the wall, just as the villagers finished closing and securing the large gate. They could hear Anne on the other side, screaming, "Let me go! Somebody help me!" The villagers crowded the top of the wall, looking over and chanting. The trio of men made it to a gap in the gate that provided just enough of a window to see through, as the natives fell into a reverent silence.

On the other side of the wall, a lagoon stretched out, strewn with rock formations and swamp vegetation. They watched as something emerged from the water with an odd gurgling roar, a great beast that was composed almost entirely of tentacles. It crawled across the ground approaching the wall on eight giant tentacle arms covered in suckers. Further up its body, it had another eight smaller tentacles, plus two more longer ones with clubbed ends, reaching out ahead of it. At the top of the monster sat a ridged shell that spiraled around itself, opening frontwards towards its lower side, harboring a face that was merely a pair of yellow eyes and a writhing mass of small tentacles. Though the torchlight was dim, they could make out that the beast's skin was a revolting salmon color, and its shell a dirty beige covered with a significant amount of green algae. At its full height out of the water, it stood about fifty feet to the top of its shell.

"Holy mother of God! It's like some sort of evolutionary throwback of cephalopods all mashed together into a Lovecraftian horror!" Anglerod observed.

"You a marine biologist now, Captain?" Karl asked.

"I've picked up a few things in my years. That monster looks like somebody piled a squid on top of an octopus, and then an ammonite on top of that! I wonder if we're looking at an honest to God kraken!"

"I don't fucking care what we call it, it's going for Anne!" Jack pointed out.

Anne was dressed in the red kimono they had seen earlier, and was tied to a pillar on a cliff overlooking the great Dong's approach. She struggled against her bonds, the panic evident in her screams grew exponentially as the beast made its way towards her. Finally, its gruesome head loomed directly in front of her, and the small tentacles reached out, coiled around her body, and pulled her away from the pillar, easily breaking the rope that had held her there.

"Oh God, it's going to eat me! Help! Please somebody do something!" she yelled.

"Men! Get that gate open!" Anglerod ordered. The sailors set to it, but found it no easy task to deal with both the heavy bars across the gate and the villagers that wanted to make sure it stayed closed.

Dong roared again as the tentacles pulled Anne's arms behind her back, and grasped her legs individually in order to spread them wide open. They moved up and down her body over the kimono, then quickly ripped it apart, revealing Anne's naked body underneath it. The tentacles resumed roaming across her body, though two of them took special interest in her large breasts, coiling around them and squeezing tightly. Anne screamed incoherently.

"Jesus Christ, look at the villagers! The sick fucks are masturbating while that thing is eating Anne!" Jack noticed.

Karl looked around and saw that indeed, the native men had all taken their cocks out and were eagerly stroking them while watching Anne intently. Many of the women similarly had a hand against their crotch, rubbing furiously. "Is it? I wonder..." he mused.

Anne, for her part, was nearly out of breath from screaming and now was mostly just sobbing, clutched helplessly in the slimy tentacles for no doubt the final moments of her life. She gasped in surprise as one of them suddenly pushed hard into her pussy and started thrusting in and out. It barely fit at all, fatter than any cock she'd ever had before. She whimpered as it rammed into her cunt, rapidly and mercilessly probing deeper inside her until her fuck tunnel could stretch no further. She screamed again, overwhelmed, having never before felt so filled.

She felt her body starting to betray her. No matter how frightened she was or how much it hurt, she was too much of a slut to take this kind of pounding in her pussy and not enjoy it. Her screams transitioned into moans. She felt an orgasm rising unbidden within her, and made a decision to surrender herself to it. She stopped struggling against the tentacles and relaxed, letting them have her, letting the pleasure come. And cum she did, her back arching as she screamed again, this time not in fear but in release.

As she came down from her peak, panting to catch her breath, she felt one of the tentacles shift its position to poke at her asshole. "Oh no, no, you can't! I can't take that much back there!" she begged. It was of course entirely futile, as her back door was swiftly penetrated. Though she was certainly no stranger to taking it up the ass, usually she was prepared for it. She tried to stay calm, but her screams shifted back to panic as this tentacle also reached much further inside than any man had ever been, filling her a little more slowly than the first one had, but still much too quickly. Her screams were short-lived, however, as another tentacle took the opportunity to fill her third and final hole.

She struggled as she gagged on the tentacle forcing its way down her throat. Once again, it only just barely fit, and even with that she couldn't have managed it were it not pushing with incredible strength. She forced herself to calm down. The pain from the tentacle up her bowels was lessening and in fact it was starting to feel incredibly good. She found that if she relaxed her throat and timed it correctly, she was still able to catch some quick breaths on the tentacle's out stroke. She also found that she was surprisingly aroused by what was happening, pain and all. It crossed her mind that she ought to be ashamed of herself for that, but put it aside.

There wasn't any choice but to endure it anyway. She hadn't asked for this, but if she was about to die, she couldn't think of a better way to go out than all three of her slutty fuck holes impaled on more phallus than she could handle. One of the tentacles came across her clit and began rubbing at it intensely. The stimulation was too much, and another orgasm exploded within her, more powerful than any she'd ever experienced before. Her eyes rolled back as her body shook, her cries of pleasure muted by the monster's appendage that filled her mouth.

As Anne fell limp again, completely exhausted both physically and mentally, Dong turned away from the wall and crawled back towards the interior of the island. His tentacles pulled free from her holes, and she moaned softly in the afterglow of the powerful fucking she'd just endured. "Look, it's just taking her along. We can still get her back," Karl said.

The sailors finally wrestled the gate open and managed to keep the islanders at bay. Karl and Jack led the way through. "Alright, half of you men with Karl and me, the other half, stay with the captain and hold this gate open for us," Jack ordered.

"My gas bombs, one of you, bring some with us," Karl added.

- - -

"Our flashlights aren't doing much good. It's too damn dark to see anything," Jack complained.

"No, see the tracks in the mud? It went this way. It should be dawn soon anyhow," Karl replied.

"Keep those guns ready, men," Jack said.

"Yeah, no shit," somebody murmured.

"It looks like some easier going up on those rocks up ahead," Karl said.

"Except that rock looks like it's moving... oh fuck!" Jack exclaimed as a fiddler crab as tall as he was turned to face the group. It decided it didn't like what it saw and skittered towards them on its huge spindly legs, waving its giant claw menacingly. "Fire! Fire!" he shouted.

"A bomb, throw a bomb," Karl ordered, then snatched one and did it himself when he saw the sailor carrying them had frozen up with fear. The barrage of bullets hadn't done much of anything to stop the advancing creature, but the cloud of smoke from the gas bomb caused it to slow its attack and finally collapse mere feet away from the group.

"It looks like Dong isn't the only surprising thing on this island," Karl said with a triumphant smile.

"I'm afraid it's going to keep surprising us, too," Jack retorted.

"Relax, the gas bomb worked, didn't it? We'll catch up to that kraken whatever and we'll take it down alive!" Karl said.

"It's not the monster we're after, we're here to get your actress back, remember? Come on, the lot of you, we're falling behind," Jack said.

"Right, right, sure," Karl muttered.

Continued in Act V