 With the rising of the sun also came a dense morning fog, so visibility was not much better than before. The men arrived at a waterline of an inland shore. "You think these patterns in the sand might be the tracks Dong leaves behind?" Karl asked.

"Shh. You hear that?" Jack interrupted. The sound of splashing came from off in the distance. "He's just ahead of us, crossing through here. And look, the beach curves around in that direction over there. Follow me, men!" He set off around the circumference of what had to be a lake, hoping it wouldn't set them much further behind the monster's more direct route. It was still the better option though, as they couldn't swim across while carrying their weaponry, and he couldn't be certain it was shallow enough to wade through all the way, either.

As Jack ran along the beach, leading the charge towards the giant beast, he paid little notice to the large hills of sand that would be a common sight in a wind-swept desert, but not along a shoreline. He also didn't notice as pairs of large antenna began peaking out over the sand. Then the screaming started, and he did notice that.

Jack stopped and pivoted to turn towards the men behind him, his gun at the ready. Karl did the same. Most of the sailors were already firing in a panic as their ranks were overtaken by three-foot-long red ants. The unfortunate ones in the rear were already overcome, each man with two or three of the giant insects crawling up his body, stinging him repeatedly. "Fire ants! Run!" Karl shouted.

"Shit! Into the water!" Jack yelled, getting off a few shots to save the men that were still ahead of the swarm before following them in. They swam away from the shore, cutting across to the opposite side where Dong's tracks resumed, and the towering beast himself was still visible in the distance. "How many did we lose?" Jack asked.

"Too many. And the weapons, too," Karl said, noting that none of them had managed to keep hold of any guns or gas bombs.

"I still have a hunting knife with me, but that's all. Dammit. We can't stop, though," said Jack.

"Agreed. Onward, men!" Karl replied, rousing the increasingly reluctant sailors forward. The lagoon ahead of them became increasingly marsh-like, with ample vegetation around them in the form of tall grasses and trees. They caught up to the sea monster as it crossed a narrow inlet of water that stretched in either direction as far as the eye could see, almost like a river but without flow. "We've got him now! Hurry!" Karl said.

"Wait, stop!" cautioned Jack. "You see in the water? It's filled with jellyfish. Going in would almost certainly be a mistake."

"Fuck," Karl said, seeing that he was right. He didn't know which jellyfish were the safe kind and which ones gave a toxic sting at the slightest touch, and it wasn't worth taking a chance. He looked along the waterline in both directions. "There. That fallen tree reaches all the way across. We can cross there."

Jack ran over and climbed up on the dead log, testing it. He scampered across the sixty foot or so distance to the other side, than called back, "It's safe! Come on across!" Karl helped the sailors up onto the tree as they started over.

- - -

Anne was still in her post-orgasm stupor, but started to pull out of it when the gentle, rhythmic rocking of the tentacles holding her ceased and she felt something hard beneath her instead. She opened her eyes and saw that she was in the crook of a branch on a large but dead old tree. She weighed her options, including jumping down into the water below, but she wasn't sure it was deep enough for that.

Dong moved away from the tree, heading back towards the inlet crossing, where the men were not being as quiet as they should have been. Once he was within reach, one of his mighty lower tentacles lashed out and grasped the fallen tree. Karl leaped off to the ground on the far side, having not started across yet. Jack had taken cover under an enormous conch shell and hoped he hadn't been seen. The sailors were not so fortunate, however. As Dong shook the tree, and turned it side to side, they all fell into the water, one by one. Their screams soon fell silent, indicating that they were a poisonous type of jellyfish after all. Dong released the tree, this time lengthwise in the inlet, no longer bridging the two sides. Satisfied with that, he began examining the ground to make sure he hadn't missed anybody. A tentacle wrapped around the conch shell, and began to lift it from the ground.

Anne's scream suddenly rang out. The beast dropped the shell and moved back to where he'd left her. Another creature had discovered her there, this one a gigantic orange-and-white mottled crab with very long, spindly legs, and even longer arms tipped with short, sharp-looking claws. The captain would have recognized it as a Japanese spider crab, albeit one that stood fifty feet tall. Anne clutched at the tree as a claw tried to navigate its way to getting a grip on her. Dong's gurgling roar drowned out her screams as a great tentacle wrapped around the crab's arm and pulled it away.

The crab turned its attention to the great tentacled beast, its other arm swinging around to attack, only to befall the same fate as a tentacle swiftly grabbed it and held it fast. The two monsters wrestled with each other, the crab trying to push in and do damage with its claws, and Dong trying to hold it at bay. They were both only partially successful as the claws scratched harmlessly along Dong's shell. Anne looked on, still feeling the rush of her earlier panic, and wondering if the best outcome would be if the creatures managed to dispose of each other.

Dong pushed the crab's arms upwards and managed to move in closer to it. He wrapped more of his tentacles around the crab's legs and pulled hard. With a loud cracking sound, a leg broke off the crab's body, soon followed by another. Dong tossed the legs aside and reached in to grab more. The throw was careless though, and one of the legs collided with Anne's tree, toppling it over. Anne jumped away at the last moment and hit the ground rolling. It was painful, but she forced herself to her feet and took off running. It looked as though Dong had the upper hand and would come out on top. She didn't want to be around when he did.

- - -

"Jack! Jack, are you okay over there?" Karl called out.

Jack crawled out from under the shell that had been his shelter. "Yeah. That was close, though," he answered.

"Tell me about it. If I'd started across that log I'd be a goner. And now I can't get across to you," Karl said.

"That's not what we need right now anyway," said Jack. "Go back to the ship, get more of your bombs."

"And leave you out here alone?" Karl asked.

"If I lose track of them now we'll never find them. If I'm lucky there will be a chance to make off with her. If not I'll find a way to signal the location to you."

"Right, no other way to it I suppose," said Karl.

"Not that I can see. You'd better get going, and look after yourself," Jack said.

"You too. Good luck."

"To us both."

- - -

Anne ran through the swamp, thankful that the ground was fairly solid here. She stole glances behind her, checking to see if the towering monster was following. All of a sudden, she could no longer move. She felt her body spring backwards and then halt between two trees. In her haste, she hadn't seen the giant spider web that she was now caught in. She struggled against it, but the natural adhesive was too strong. Dread came over her as she realized where giant spider webs come from.

Proving her correct, a six foot long spider crawled down from the tree and across the web, looming over her. Fear paralyzed her body and her voice as she resigned herself to being the arachnid's dinner. She could see its large fangs as it leaned in and stuck them in her shoulder. She could feel them injecting venom into her body. At least she wouldn't be eaten alive, then.

The spider paused and waited for the venom to take effect. As the minutes crawled by, however, Anne didn't feel weak or sick. Something did feel different, and something about it was oddly familiar, but she couldn't quite place it. Finally the spider stirred again. When Anne saw the large organ descend from the spider's body and move towards her pussy, she groaned. "Jesus Christ, doesn't anything on this Goddammed island want to eat me instead of rape me?" she asked aloud. Despite that, her pussy was already dripping wet and the spider's tool entered her without too much effort.

Anne moaned lustfully as the arachnid filled her up. It wasted no time in pounding its large member against her cervix. It hurt, but it was a pain filled with pleasure, and her body tensed as an orgasm hit her hard. That wasn't all, though. As the monster pushed harder against the entrance to her womb, she could feel her insides reacting with a sharp pain, a level of distress she hadn't felt since...

She knew what it was: a contraction. The feeling she recognized was labor. The spider's venom was some mix of hormones that had tricked her body into thinking she was giving birth again. This time, though, she had nothing inside her to push out. This time, she had something trying to push... in. "Oh, God! Oh God no! Noooooo! Help meeeee!" she screamed, and then let out a wordless shriek as another contraction hit her, and the spider's organ advanced into her opening cervix.

"No, no, no, no, I hate my life, I hate this island, I hate Karl Dickem, fuuuuuck!" she yelled, her body given over to the intense pleasure and the crushing pain, her limbs thrashing to no avail against the sticky web. With another contraction, the spider finally pushed its way through and into her womb. Anne sobbed, unable to handle the emotional or physical violations of her innermost womanhood. The spider's organ inside her pulsed, undulating as parts of it suddenly grew thicker and pushed their way first into her cunt, then up through her cervix, both causing her to shudder with the pain or pleasure that she couldn't even differentiate anymore. She felt new weight deep inside her body.

That's when she realized, it wasn't a penis inside her. The spider wasn't even male. It was an ovipositor and it was pushing eggs into her womb. She wasn't going to die right now, no. She was going to die when they hatched and ate their way out of her. She couldn't cry, nor could she scream. Her mind went numb, refusing to process what was happening. Her eyes went into a dead thousand-yard stare, watching but not seeing as her belly stretched into a mocking semblance of pregnancy, filled with dozens of carnivorous spider eggs. She heard a scream, the most horrifying, blood-curdling scream she had ever heard in her life. Then she recognized it was coming from her.

The orgasms and contractions continued, almost overlapping each other now, as was the screaming, as was the spider pushing more of its eggs into her. Then all of a sudden, the spider was gone. Moments later, so was the web. The ground and trees fell away beneath her. Anne snapped back to reality as she found herself once again face to face with Dong, one of his large tentacles wrapped around her body. Another tentacle clutched the spider, and crushed it easily. So, it was out of the fire but back into the frying pan.

She looked down at her belly. It looked like she was at a full term pregnancy. She burst into tears again, sobbing and wailing, wondering if somehow this absurd and gruesome fate was what she'd deserved all along. Dong gazed at her carefully. One of the small tentacles from its face reached over to her and poked at her egg sac belly. He let out another of his gurgling roars, then set off at a hurried pace through the jungle swamp.

- - -

Some distance across the island, Dong arrived at some sort of lake or inland bay. The water looked clear and deep, and this was proven when the water easily came up to Dong's head as he ventured in. He transferred Anne to his small tentacles, pulling her arms behind her and holding her legs spread wide. He lifted the spider's carcass above her and gave it a squeeze, letting its blood and ichor drip down and land on her body. Anne retched from the smell and wondered if she was being prepared as a meal after all.

Dong lowered her into the water, taking care to keep her head above it and being mostly successful. Almost immediately she felt his tentacles caressing her body again. No, they felt a little different actually. As her head dunked briefly under again, she caught a glimpse of what it actually was. She was surrounded by eels. Normal sized ones, not freaky island giant sized. She whined as loudly as she could while keeping her mouth closed to avoid drowning. Every Goddamned creepy thing on the island was going to get a taste of her, it seemed.

When one of them nuzzled her pussy, she tried to recoil, but Dong's tentacles held her in place. She realized she shouldn't even be surprised by it all anymore. The eel kept at it, and after a few tries it did manage to push its way inside her. As she felt it working its way deeper in, she felt ashamed that it actually seemed to have easy time of it in her well-used cunt. Nor did it stop at her cervix, either. Her womb's entrance was still pliable enough from the spider's venom that the eel went through it easily, causing a jolt of pain but also a small orgasm. By now she was almost used to the shame of her's body's enjoyment of the horrors being visited upon it, but not quite.

Then the eel wriggled its way back out and swam away, only to be quickly replaced by another. One by one they went in and out of her, each one probing deeper inside her womb, until one of them finally went all the way inside. She cringed as she felt it moving around inside her womb. Her eyes welled up with tears. Before today, only one living thing had ever been inside there. Now, her body was continuing to be violated in a way that cut to the core of her humanity.

Suddenly though, she realized that her belly seemed smaller and lighter again. Of course! They were eating the eggs! This new insanity made sense now, though it didn't make it much easier as another eel pushed into her womb while the one was still in there. When they had their fill they left again, replaced by still others. She shut her eyes and let it happen, the disgusting eels removing the even more disgusting spider eggs from inside her. Her body orgasmed almost continuously from their comings and goings, which was a blessing since it kept her mind too blank to dwell on it all.

Finally they stopped invading her and lost interest. Her belly was back to its normal size, too. Hopefully that meant all the eggs were out of her. She felt herself being lifted out of the water as Dong crawled back up onto land. He looked at her intently, and one of his small tentacles stroked gently across her pussy as her arms were released. An insane lust fell upon Anne at that moment. She smiled at the great monster and said, "So now you're saving me. Does that mean you're not so bad after all? Why don't you go ahead? You've earned it, and God knows everything else has been filling me up into my womb today." Dong didn't respond until she reached forward, grabbed the tentacle, and guided it into her pussy.

She moaned deeply as she felt her cervix penetrated once again. Unlike the spider or the eels, however, Dong genuinely fucked her uterus, thrusting the tentacle in and out fast and hard. "Oh God! Fuuuuuuck yes! Fuck me! Fuck my Goddamn womb! Ahhhhhh!" Anne shouted. With fear left behind and her body numb to the pain, all she felt was unbelievable pleasure. With both hands she grabbed the nearest unoccupied tentacles and pushed them towards her pussy also. Dong got the message and slid them inside her for a total of three pounding all the way through her pussy and into her womb. She took them inside easily, and Anne came instantly with another loud scream.

She felt them moving around in multiple directions inside her, pushing against the walls of her womb. She looked down and could see them moving within her, the skin of her belly writhing with the motion of the tentacles within. No longer a spider nest or a buffet for eels, now the most precious part of her body was just a playground for Dong. She came again, even harder than before, reveling in it, loving every moment, her head thrown back and her back arched, her body tense as the sexual release repeatedly shot through her.

As before, Dong didn't let her remaining holes stay empty, filling her ass with a tentacle and her throat with another. She found herself wishing they could somehow fuck her so deep they met in the middle. It almost felt like they were. She could feel the symphony being played upon her body by the pounding tentacles was building to a crescendo. A muffled scream and her eyes rolling back signaled her most powerful orgasm so far, so much that she passed out.

- - -

"Captain, you wouldn't believe that island in there, or the way that monster just mercilessly shook those men off that log," Karl said.

"All of those men lost, how terrible!" the captain said.

"Enoff is going to make some kind of signal once he tracks down Anne," said Karl.

"Chances are they're both gone for good, though," Anglerod said.

"We'll wait for first light tomorrow and then go after them whether there's a signal or not. Did the islanders give you any more trouble?" Karl asked.

"They finally pissed us off enough that we shot a few rounds off over their heads. That got them to leave us alone, hiding in their odd houses," the captain answered.

"That's good, then. Get a man up on the wall as lookout, in case Enoff does get a signal out," Karl said.

Continued in Act VI