 Anne came to, already moaning, on account of Dong's tentacles slowly fucking her pussy and asshole, and gently squeezing her ample breasts. She opened her eyes, smiled, and said, "Mmmmm, baby, that feels so nice. Don't stop." They were in a large cave, with Dong mostly submerged in a subterranean lake that filled the area, though he was clearly being careful to keep Anne above water. Hearing her voice, Dong gurgled softly and started moving, climbing out of the water and into daylight. Anne could now see that they were at the landmark mountain of the island. The cock-like spire towered behind them, and they were perched on a wide area that resembled one of the testicles.

Anne closed her eyes and let out a long, deep moan as her body shuddered with orgasm. It wasn't as dramatic as the ones she had before, but it was wonderful nonetheless. She ran her hands over the tentacles that clutched her tits, feeling their capacity for both strength and tenderness. Dong gently lowered her to the ground, and she walked to the edge of the cliff and looked over. She could see quite a bit of the island from this vantage point, and immediately below was another lake with a river feeding into it and flowing back out on the other side. "It's a wonderful view you have. I've never seen anything like it."

She turned back and looked up at the monster as it looked back down at her. "So what am I to you anyway? A pet? Like a hamster or a goldfish? Or a blow-up sex doll with a pulse? Just a glorified cock sleeve for your tentacles? Don't get me wrong, they're very... talented. But I can't stay here with you. Even if it is... really tempting to want that." Dong continued to stare down at her. The very tip of one of its bottom tentacles moved up her legs, past her pussy and over her tits, caressing her body. She looked back out over the island and sighed. "Right. Why do I even bother?"

She decided to make the most of it and try to get the creature to give her holes a hard pounding again. She turned back to face him and saw a gigantic centipede had just made its way up the cliff side and was crawling their way. "Shit! Behind you!" she cried out, pointing at it. Dong was slow to react though, and the centipede was almost on top of him by the time he turned around. They quickly got tangled up in each other, with the centipede coiling around Dong while he used his tentacles to do the same to his adversary.

The two monsters wrestling with each other seemed to attract further attention, as a ten foot long dragonfly zipped down out of the sky above and went straight for Anne. She screamed as it scooped her up in its legs. Dong roared and threw himself towards the dragonfly, taking the centipede along with him. He lashed out with one of his large tentacles, reaching for Anne, but only managed to smack the dragonfly. Stunned, it plummeted into the lake below.

The impact with the water separated Anne from the giant bug, but also stunned her. She floated on her back, too dazed to swim against the current of the river, and was quickly swept out of the lake. Realizing that this was effective transportation away from Dong and hopefully back towards the village, she let herself float downstream. It only lasted a couple of minutes though, before she got caught up in some vines that were dangling in the river. The vines coiled around her and dragged her out of the water, pulling her towards a very large flower that rested low to the ground.

She was entirely unsurprised when more of the ambulatory vines reached out to her body and headed straight into her pussy, asshole, and mouth, quickly stuffing her fuck holes completely. They weren't as thick as the other things that had invaded her body recently, but they certainly had the length available to fill her up deep, just like Dong. Despite being a plant, it had surprising skill at stimulating her body. The vines moved more slowly and gently in and out of her holes compared to Dong and the rest, but it was very effective and she moaned in appreciation.

At this point she was no longer offended at being raped by whatever damn thing, it seemed like as good a way to get fucked on a regular basis as anything. Rather more distressing, though, was the flower starting to close up while her feet were being pulled into it. The fucking it was giving her had been too distracting for her to care about struggling against the vines, but a jolt of panic now stirred her into fighting.

The vines held her body so tightly that her efforts made little difference, but as her legs were pulled into the flower, she finally managed to yank a hand free and reached out to clutch at an exposed tree root. She wondered how long her strength would hold out against the vines. It become a moot point when her orgasm made her lose her grip. The fragrance of the flower finally reached her nose as her belly slid down into the embrace of the flower petals. It smelled quite nice, and made her feel peaceful and unafraid. Pleasure pulsed through her body as the action of the vines in her holes brought her to another orgasm.

She marveled that she had finally found something on the island that really did want to eat her, even though it still fucked her first as well. It felt like a lovely way to go. The petals brushed over her breasts as they sank into the flower's grip. Then her head was completely inside, and most of her trailing arm also. It wasn't completely dark, there was a pleasant glow of the daylight filtering through the flower. Being inside the flower felt comforting, like a mother's womb.

Her skin tingled with the flower's digestive acid while her insides tingled with the motion of the vines sending her to orgasm again. This one felt like it went on forever. Colors danced before her eyes. It was so nice. She wanted to stay this way for the rest of her life...

Fresh air hit her lungs suddenly as the petals of the carnivorous flower were pulled away from her. She instantly remembered that she should be terrified, but just as quickly she felt relief at the sight of her rescuer. "Jack!" she exclaimed as soon as he'd pulled the vine free of her mouth.

"Hold still now, this ain't as easy as it looks," Jack said as he used his knife to cut her free of the vines.

"But how did you find me?" she asked.

"Wasn't easy, I tell you that. I managed to stay on Dong's trail just enough. I had just barely gotten within sight of the mountain's base when I saw you drop into the water. I headed downstream to see where you'd wash up. Didn't expect to find you like this, but I saw your hand sticking out the end of this nasty customer here." He pulled her body from the remains of the flower and held her in his arms. She was sticky with the flower's juices but quite intact, considering. "Come on, let's get off this Goddamn island," he said.

"Best idea I've heard all day," Anne agreed.

- - -

"Captain! It's Enoff and the girl! They're here!" shouted a sailor from atop the wall. Karl and Anglerod rushed out to meet them.

"Jack, old boy, you made it!" Karl said.

"Your bonfire sure helped. Come here, help Anne," Jack answered.

"Oh, I'm all right. I'm alright now, Jack," Anne said, moving close to him and holding him tightly.

"Yeah, once it got dark we figured a beacon would be good to have. Let's get the both of you back to the ship," said Anglerod.

"Wait, hold on, what about Dong?" Karl asked.

"What about him?" Jack said.

"We came here to shoot a movie, but stumbled on something better than all the films in the world!"

"What are you blathering about, man?" demanded Anglerod.

"We still have some gas bombs left. If we could capture him, alive I mean—"

"You've gone even more batshit than you were before," said Jack. "Besides, we left him behind, out there somewhere."

"You so sure about that? We've got something he wants," Karl said, looking at Anne, who shrank back behind Jack at the implication.

"Fuck off! He's not getting her again," Jack replied. At that, Dong's roar sounded from close by, and getting closer. "Oh, shit, he was following us!" Jack said.

"No, nono please!" Anne cried out, even while feeling her pussy juices instantly starting to run down her legs.

Jack grabbed her arm and pulled her along. "The gate! Make for the gate!" he shouted. The four of them ran, and the sailors stationed on the inside of the wall did likewise. The sailors and quite a few panicked islanders worked to close the gate as everybody made it through. They almost had it when several of Dong's large tentacles burst through the remaining gap. Those few were followed by more, and the mighty tentacles gripped the gate and tore it from its hinges!

Now unimpeded, Dong tossed the gate aside, crushing several islanders that had been working to close it. The islanders scattered to hide in their minka houses while the ship's crew ran for their launch boats. Dong followed, tearing the houses apart with his tentacles. Some brave but foolhardy villagers attacked with spears, only to be plucked up and thrown aside by the great beast.

Karl managed to reach the beach first. "The bombs, Goddammit, where are the bombs?" he shouted. A sailor opened the relevant crate, and Karl grabbed several. The rest were close behind, with Dong right on their heels. Karl armed and threw the bombs towards him, and they burst into great clouds of smoke. "Come on, this way people, and don't breathe it in," he warned.

"He's stopped attacking. You must have gotten him!" Anglerod said.

"Now hang on, hang on, let it clear," said Karl. There was a gentle breeze, and within a couple of minutes the smoke drifted off enough to see that Dong was collapsed on the ground but still breathing. "Fuck yes! That'll have him down for hours. Captain, have some men fetch tools from the boat, and anchor chain too."

"What in the hell for?" Anglerod asked.

"We need to make a raft to get him out to the ship. Everybody will pay to see this!" Karl said.

"You're fucked if you think chains will work on that thing," Anglerod said.

"He'll have more than chains. In his world, he's always been king. We'll teach him fear, though," Karl said. "We're fuckin' rich, boys! Millionaires! You'll all get a cut. When we get back home, it'll be the talk of Hollywood: Dong, the Eighth Wonder of the World!"

Continued in Act VII