 Tristan awoke from a wonderful rest; the events of last night did not even faze him. The Duke's castle was very grand, Tristan thought. His bed was made of silk, and his room was adorned with gold. He heard a knock on his door. "The Duke wants to see you." Tristan heard the voice and recognized it as one of the guards. 

He followed the guard down the hallway and into the Duke's Chamber. A long table stood in the middle of the room with all kinds of food lining the table. "Come, Tristan, join me in our early morning meal. You are my guest of honor." 

Everyone sat down and ate while the guards stood watch. They made idle chatter, careful not to ask Tristan about himself. After the meal they moved to the Duke's Hall. A big burly black man stood, the smell of metal and grease coming from him. "Let me introduce to you the best blacksmith in the land. His name is Tone." They nodded. "And as my guest, I will have Tone craft a special sword for you." 

"I sense you want something from me," asked Tristan. 

"I do, I do. I take it that you are unfamiliar with the Great Battle. In short, it was a battle between angels and demons, the angels trying to prevent the demons from entering our world. They failed. And now I believe we must take up arms and defend ourselves."

"What makes you think we can?"

"You have the making of a great hero. If there is one man who can defeat the demons, it is you… and, we have no choice."

Tristan thinks for a moment. "How do you expect me to accomplish such a task?"

"Your skill is unequalled. My advisor, Caston, has already left to seek Ghrom the Wise. They will assist you with whatever you need."

"Your faith in me is great, and I graciously accept your compliments. But this is a war I have no interest in."

"I believe you fail to see your role in these events. Believe what you will, you are connected to this, you are. No matter, I keep my word. Tone will craft your new weapon. By all means, stay and enjoy the city while you are here. Your weapon will be ready soon."

Tristan wandered the city streets, enjoying what the city had to offer. The city was bustling with activity, crowds of people gathered at the marketplace. Tristan looked around, trying out the different foods and playing with all the trinkets they had for sale. The marketplace was held in the middle of the plaza. There was a fountain of water and a great big statue of a warrior, his sword pointing high in the air. Tristan noticed a band of heavily armed soldiers marching down the street. He realized they were the Duke's Guard. A special army handpicked by the Duke himself. Their equipment was shiny and obviously well crafted; a sign of Tone's work he thought. After the events of last night more troops patrolled the city, trying to quell any fears the public might have had. 

A while later Tristan returned to the castle for his new sword. He walked by the barracks and to the armory, where Tone worked on his forge. A shiny blade rested on the forge, a beautiful blue aura surrounding it. 

"It's magical, if you're wondering."

"I wasn't."

"I guess this sword is for you. The Duke speaks highly of you, make good use of it."

"Your craft is honorable."

"I imbued it with a magical stone given to me by Ghrom a while back, that would explain the blue hue you see."

"Thank you. I will see the Duke and tell him of my leave."

"Farewell, my friend."

After a short meeting with the Duke Tristan took his new sword and left the city of Redpaw. 

Somewhere on the edge of the River Basin:

A mysterious rift ruptures the grassy plains, a huge earthquake shaking the land. The River Basin runs between the city of Redpaw, the neighboring city of Crimm and through the lush forests of the Elvenglades. The wicked city of Crimm houses the seediest thugs and criminals of the land. 

As the rift rips the land wider, strange foul beasts crawled out from under. Huge hulking ogres and vicious trolls climbed out from the rift. Their skin blackened from the charring earth. They only had one purpose, to wreak havoc in the human realm. 

The Elvenglades was home to the beautiful and slender wood elves. All wood elves were petite in stature, with a light complexion and delicate features. The wood elves were all female, and they would reproduce by themselves every twenty-five years. They were caring and loving creatures of the forest, and they nurtured their environment. They wore silk clothes weaved from the cocoons on the leaves. 

The wood elves were a peaceful group who did not believe in war; therefore, they did not have any means of defending themselves. The earthquake shook so hard the elves felt the tremor interrupt the serene and tranquil environment of the Elvenglades. The elves feared the worst would come true, and looked over the horizon to see the realization of their fears. 

Ogres and trolls could be seen stalking the Elvenglades; the beautiful lush forest would be destroyed by their hulking wake. 

"The Elvenglades are being invaded! Save yourselves!" Arisa, the queen of the elves, demanded.

The elves scattered in panic, with no real place to go. Booming tremors shook the Elvenglades as the massive monsters approached them. The trolls were hideous looking monsters that stood seven feet tall and sinewy muscles protruding from their skin. A white film covered their eyes with no visible pupil. Their skin was black like coal, and they had claws for nails. They were hunched over from their oversized backs, and their jaws had teeth capable of gutting steel. A huge black shaft hung from its groin, its skin covered with warts and scars. 

The ogres were even more dreadful looking; they carried bulging muscles they covered their entire bodies. Their massive frames stood eight feet in the air, accompanied by five hundred pounds of pure muscle. Their eyes were blood red and their black skin scarred horrendously. Their big black cocks were even more impressive, with muscles bulging from their powerful organ. 

"Rrrggh! Destroy the forest! Rape and pillage!" Roared Crorc, the overseer of the ogres. 

The ogres and trolls tore away at the forest, knocking down trees and stomping flower patches. The young petite elves could run away from the ogres but the trolls proved too agile for them.

With one swipe of the trolls' claws the elves' silk garments ripped to shreds. One by one the elves were stripped of their attire, forcing them to run away naked. The elves covered their breasts with their arms as they ran, their silk boots covering their thighs. Finally a troll swept an elf and coiled her body tightly in his grasp. Her fair skin and blonde hair aroused the nasty troll, his black meat hardening and thickening at her sight. 

"Tina!" Arisa screamed as she helplessly watched her friends get caught by the evil trolls.

Soon the ogres got their hands on the beautiful virgin elves, too. The ogres and trolls played with the elves like dolls. Thick meaty fingers disappeared inside the young elves' mouths and hairless cunts. Arisa witnessed the ogres' incredible large cocks grow to an impossible size. She realized what they were going to do with her elves. Arisa could bear no more as she descended from the trees and landed on her white silk boots. Arisa was defenseless against these powerful ogres and trolls, but she was willing to offer herself up in exchange for the safety of her elves. 

"I am Arisa, the queen of the elves and the Elvenglades." 

One of the ogres removed his mouth from an elf's breast that he was holding. "I am Crorc, the overseer." His cock grew even bigger at the sight of the queen's luscious body. 

Arisa's round firm breasts could be seen through her sheer silk garment. She was distracted as she caught a glimpse of Crorc's cock. "I don't know why you are doing this, but, please, I plead with you, let them go, and I will be yours to do with as you please. 

Crorc returned his mouth onto the elf's breast, licking and biting her nipple. The elf let out a muffled scream as Crorc covered her mouth with his big hand. 

Arisa was flustered from watching her friends ravaged by the monsters, but she stood there patiently waiting for a reply.

After about a minute Crorc finally said, "Why don't you come here and show me your sincerity." Crorc gave a fierce chuckle. 

Arisa stood there for a moment, a tear coming down her face; she knew what was asked of her. She walked slowly toward the hulking ogre and got down on her knees. Arisa held her head down, Crorc's big black cock hovering over her head. She carried a shameful look on her face. 

"Queen, no!" Said the blonde elf, Tina, who was currently hoisted up in the air, held with legs spread apart, and the slimy tongue of the troll buried inside her cunt. 

Arisa looked at her friend Tina, then Marina, the brunette, whose beautiful big breasts were being fondled by the gruesome ogre. Arisa then looked at Crorc, and with both of her small hands, reached up and held his big black cock. The enormous cock was so big Arisa could not wrap around it with both hands. That fact scared her even more. Crorc grinned a big grin, his jagged teeth showing through his revolting face. 

Immediately two more ogres stepped up next to Crorc, both were black and ugly and both of them were holding and groping pretty elves. Huge tools protruded out the base of their groin, thick veins running along the rock-hard shaft. Arisa stared at the large cock she was holding, the swollen cock head pulsing bigger and bigger. She was immobile, horrible thoughts flowed through her mind. 

"Please… I can't… Your cock, it's too… mmrph!" Arisa's futile attempt to beg Crorc was stopped by his thick black cock ramming into her mouth. Arisa immediately started gagging on Crorc's big black cock. No elf has ever been violated like this, she thought. Crorc pumped her mouth, in and out, deeper and deeper his big black cock went in. Her mouth was outstretched, her tight throat stroking the tremendous cock head. 

Crorc laughed a thunderous laugh, then reached down and grabbed Arisa's breasts with his big strong hands. The other ogres and trolls pounced their chests and howled at the frightened elves. Their big black cocks were twitching wildly, waiting to impale the petite elves' tight holes. Arisa was drooling all over Crorc's huge shaft, the saliva making his cock easier to take in. His thrusts grew more fierce, as well as his cock. Crorc was fucking her mouth raw; tears ran down the queen's face. He began grunting loud, the other ogres and trolls shouting and chanting strange noises. 

The big black cock of Crorc really started pumping deep and hard, the black engorged meat thickening to its maximum size. The powerful black cock stretched Arisa's mouth and throat wide until she was sore. The elves were frightened for Arisa as they watched the big black cock invade her mouth, but they were even more frightened for themselves. Frightened, that they too will be invaded by big black cock; the presence of their rigid shafts scared the elves. 

Crorc pumped away at her throat, gagging noises and sloshing sounds mixed with strings of saliva could be seen and heard every time his cock disappeared and reappeared from her mouth. Crorc held her head still, and with one great thrust he unleashed a wave of cum into her throat. Arisa was caught by surprise, and she tried to swallow as much cum as she could. He pulled out of her mouth and shot two more loads on her face. 

Arisa felt humiliated in front of all her friends. "Please, let them go."

"Har! We will have much fun your friends! Ravage everything!" 

"No! Please! You promised!"

"I never keep my promises! Harharhar!" 

Meanwhile:

Malice was having a time of his own breaking in Lynn, Vanessa's sister. Lynn was more conservative of the two. But right now she was being introduced to big black cock. 

Deep inside the Cave of Deceit Malice sat on his throne, his fifteen inch cock standing straight in the air, and Lynn kneeling before him preparing to worship his cock, to fully experience him inside of her. 

Lynn had the same ability as her sister to control men by swallowing their cum, but Vanessa was the wild one who loved big black cock. Lynn never really got used to them, and tried avoiding them if she could. The only reason she would use her ability and control men is because her sister told her to; Lynn was manipulated by her twisted twin sister for her own ambition.

But Malice made sure after this she would be well used to them. He gawked at her pretty face, her long shiny blonde hair, her luscious full lips ready to wrap around his bulbous cock head. Lynn wore a white leather bra and a matching white leather thong with white leather thigh high boots, the opposite of her sister Vanessa. Lynn had beautiful full round breasts that fit into the bra nicely, the shape of her nipples visible through the material. She put both hands on Malice's magnificent shaft, his cock burning hot and hard and steel. 

Malice squeezed and fondled Lynn's breasts through the material, grinning down on her rather distressed face. She really didn't want to suck the big black cock, but she really had no choice. Malice was their master because their ability didn't work on demons, and Vanessa ordered her to do whatever he wanted. Malice's presence was menacing, his massive black muscled body completely overshadowed Lynn. She looked at his cock; the head was so big it looked like a cannonball. 

The fumes from his cock intoxicated her, and she felt light headed. She licked her lips lightly and then parted her lips slightly, and then gently placed her lips on his cock head. Slowly, parting her lips some more, she took in the cock head into her mouth. The huge cock jumped from the warm touch of her luscious lips. Lynn gently flicked and twirled her tongue around the enormous cock head. 

Her throat began to tense up as the big black cock invaded her mouth. Malice pushed her head down while he continued playing with her tits. Lynn remembered how Vanessa took cock down her throat and began relaxing her tongue and loosening her jaw. She worshipped his cock by stroking the shaft with both of her delicate slender hands. 

She suddenly removed her hands and put them elbows locked onto the throne as Malice forced her head down his shaft. Lynn braced herself from the violent forcefulness of his thrusts. He made sure she took his entire cock down her throat.

The narrow passage of Lynn's throat provided for a very tight fit around Malice's hard shaft. The engorged meat stretched out her tight throat, her throat muscles made a swallowing motion that stroked and milked his cock. She felt his big black cock thicken inside her throat and his thrusts picked up speed. With one final swift thrust he buried his giant cock into her mouth to the hilt. Malice bellowed out and erupted down her throat. Lynn could feel the thick wads of sperm travel the length of his shaft, rushing out into her belly. His cock pulsated, twitched, and jumped inside her outstretched mouth and throat. Lynn choked and gagged on his big black cock.

Fifteen inches of saliva covered rock-hard cock slid out from her throat. It still twitched and jumped wickedly. A devilish grin came across Malice's face. He directed her to get on her hands and knees and bend over, and she did. He eyed her beautiful body, especially her beautiful pink holes. Aiming that thick black shaft at her, he drove his big black cock deep into her ass hole. A shriek of pain drowned the cave. The demon cock was too big. 

Back at the Elvenglades Forest:

The cum-covered elves were continually being ravaged by the trolls and ogres. Tina, the busty blonde elf was suspended in mid-air between two trolls, their big black cocks fucking her ass and mouth. 

Marina was giving head to one massive disgusting troll while an ogre was having seconds on her ass. Her dark hair was matted with cum, so was her face and tits. Collectively the elves never experienced so much pain in their lives. The ogres and trolls took turns shoving their enormous cocks inside their pussies, asses, and mouths. 

Arisa, the queen elf, was being triple teamed by three hulking black ogres. Their huge cocks stretched out her cunt, ass hole, and throat. Taking the ogre's black cock in the ass was the hardest, because her ass hole was the tightest. The ogres reamed her ass hole over and over. 

All the elves had cocks in their asses, cunts, and throats one time or another. The ogres and trolls unloaded cum all over the elves. They drove their cocks into their holes balls deep to the hilt. 

After hours of abuse and violation, the ogres abducted the exhausted elves from their lush Elvenglades Forest and headed toward the shady city of Crimm. 

Later:

Tristan wandered down a deserted road, wondering what place he will visit next. Upon entering a narrow path Tristan came across the town of Crimm. Unbeknownst to him however the city was as evil and wicked as a city could be. 

But even a normal day in the city of Crimm could not compare to what was happening now. Tristan witnessed giant ogres and trolls destroying everything. People were being trampled under and ripped apart. People ran and scattered while screaming chaotically. Tristan drew his blade and charged forward. This was a good time to test his new weapon, he thought. With sword in hand, he cut through the fray of ogres and trolls. Tristan jumped into the air and crashed down sword first, slicing the ogre in half. With a quick turn around Tristan came charging and with a great lunge, pierced through the troll in the gut. Among the ruckus Crorc noticed his minions falling, and quickly approached Tristan, who was busy fighting the other monsters. Tristan turned around and met Crorc's backhand, smashing him into a wooden barrel. Without even staggering for a moment, Tristan leaped into the air and swung his great sword across Crorc's head. But the attack was deflected by Crorc and another backhand sent Tristan crashing to the floor. 

Crorc was about to trample Tristan, but decided otherwise. He ordered the rest of his minions to leave the city. Tristan got up and shook it off. He stood in the middle of a now empty and destroyed city. He decided to return to the city of Redpaw.