 I remember now how my eye was drawn to him when he was merely one of my prisoners. Having no idea who he was, he nevertheless seemed... unique, dignified and strong even in chains. I paused and my generals paused with me. Their gazes followed my own.

"Ah, you recognize him, my Queen?" Auggie asked, drawing herself up as she met his glower.

"No," I replied, "Who is he?"

"He is King Kerk, the head general of all the Zeneesi," said Xenia, "Perhaps, if you wish it, we shall have him put to death, as an example for his people."

I looked at him, chained hand and foot, yet still with his head held high, a sneer distorting his sunburned face as he looked at myself and my generals. He was tall, far taller than the weak and sickened men of our planet, and more muscular than the strongest of my ladies. His dark skin was covered in hair—his chest, his arms, his thick legs. Rather than being bald, as the men I knew were, his hair was thick and black and hung knotted down his back. He was covered in mud and blood from this most recent battle—he and his people's final battle—yet I was drawn to him as though he were robed in gold. I had never experienced what I felt when looking at him when looking at a man. I was used to loving the strong arms and lovely buttocks of my women—Acratia, Jili, Karin—but here was a man stronger than they, larger than they, who in his gaze did not tremble like the men of our home, but was so insolent as to look full into my face—into his new ruler's face. I wanted him punished, but not in the way Xenia wanted.

"Bring him to my tent tomorrow evening," I commanded, "But first have him cleaned, fed, and given a night's rest. He will be the first. He will tell us whether this conquest has been in vain."

I turned and strode away, leaving my generals frowning. I shared their anxiety, but right at that moment I felt all the adrenaline of this final battle—and all the weeks and years of battles before this—drain away from me and I was truly exhausted. Victorious, but exhausted. I would sleep tonight as I hadn't in weeks, endless nights planning strategy. I would sleep and dream of my ladies who feasted in Valhalla.

"May you feast with Freya tonight," I murmured, gazing out into familiar stars, glad to see the stars of my home planet again at last. Near to stumbling, I made it to my rooms, shed my robes and collapsed into my wonderfully soft bed.

I woke, blinking into the strangeness of a different dawn. Smiling as I opened my eyes, I realized that what was "different" about this dawn was that it was Danthania's own, the dawn of my home planet. Stretching blissfully, I reached for the bell to ring my servants. I had a luxurious bath and was oiled and dressed. I fell on my breakfast with a relish that surprised even me. After I finished and pushed away from the table, I called for my priestesses. My victory over Zenis secure, I had something in mind that I knew they could help me with. I asked that they meet me in the library, a vast room lit by a wall of windows all along one side and containing all the knowledge my people had acquired over our 5,000-year rule. I began to pull certain volumes that my priestesses had brought to my attention before, wisdom that had played no small part in our decision to conquer the Zeneesi. The three priestesses—Ara, Quetrin, and Gildrend—entered and made their bows. I greeted them, embracing each in turn, pausing to murmur to Gildrend, whom I had taken to my bed some years ago, that she was looking lovely. And, indeed, she was, her blond hair a radiant frizz around her delicate features and cunning blue eyes. Perhaps I should invite her to my bed again... No, now was not the time.

"My ladies," I began, moving to the books I had laid out, "As you know, we have been victorious in Zenis and have brought a number of prisoners back as slaves." I paused and looked at each of them, confirming that they knew what I was about to say. "Thus, it is time to bring our talks of a year ago to fruition. We must see if the enchantments we've found and the magical elements we've amassed will be able to give us the one thing our planet needs that it cannot create itself: offspring." My ladies nodded, each of their faces a mix of serious and expectant. "I have selected one slave, their king, a man named Kerk, to try our experiment on. He not only has the stamina and strength to withstand this physical challenge, he will also be a symbol to them of their subservience to us."

Ara stepped forward, "My queen, I have carefully stored the objects we'd collected. Clearly," she gestured at the books, "you remembered the spells we'd marked. We are ready to proceed as soon as you give us permission." She bobbed a slight curtsy and stepped back.

I contemplated. Why not begin now? I felt the vigor of victory pulsing through my veins—surely there is no time I am more potent? I clapped my hands, "Then it shall be. Take the slave Kerk to the temple and perform the enchantment. Then, tonight, after the sun sets, bring him to my chambers."

As if one body, the three bowed in unison and swept out the door. I had every confidence in them—if this could be done, and it must be done or my people were finished—then they would bring it to pass.

Sighing, I sank into a chair. I would rest, I decided, till tonight. Then I would feast and drink and, after the sun set, I would see what the people of Zenis were truly made of.

I lounged in my chamber, watching the last of the sun's rays over the violet horizon. Doubt pricked my mind for the first time. Perhaps Ara and the others hadn't had everything they needed. Perhaps they had failed. But, no, as darkness descended, there was a quiet knock at my door.

"My queen," came Ara's musical voice.

I stood and opened the door, allowing her and the slave inside. He stood tall, his jaw set, eyes narrow. He wore a wine-colored robe, sleeveless and belted with a lavishly embossed strip of tan leather, nearly the color of his sun-hardened skin.

"Well?" my voice belied my nervousness, "Have you succeeded?"

Ara nodded and smiled, clearly greatly pleased, "Yes! Yes, my queen! If you check him, you will find what we have created." Doubt shadowed her face, "Only time will tell if this manwomb is functional, but everything seems to be in place."

I breathed a sigh of relief, "Leave us!" I ordered my priestess and my servants.

When we were alone, I walked all around him, drinking in his rigidly muscled form. Certainly he was entirely different from the men of my planet: weak and pale, unable to do any but the simplest tasks. They lived, all of them, in the farmlands, using the great machines we females had created to grow the food that feeds us and themselves. I had only seen these men a few times-- I was so disgusted by them I had decreed they could not enter the cities without express permission. But this man was as deeply muscled as the strongest of my women warriors, and his skin and hair were so dark. As I took him in, I felt my cock stir in anticipation.

When he spoke, I was startled out of my reverie. "I don't know what evil magic you have put me through," he hissed through clenched jaw, "or what you intend to do to me, but I can tell you this: you will be sorry."

"No," I paused before him, "it is you who will be sorry, you who ARE sorry. It is you who are defeated, and you who must submit to me and my wishes. You... and all your men."

He opened his mouth to reply, then shut it again. His great dark brow glowered.

Angered, I grabbed him brutally and pushed him onto my bed. I brought out the leather straps I had secured for precisely this purpose and bound him to the four posts of my large iron bed. He struggled and swore, and for a moment it seemed he might overpower me. Then I leaned my whole weight on his chest and buckled first one wrist then the other into these restraints. Thus bound, I forced one thickly muscled leg after the other into the restraints.

"Now let's take a look at you, see what you've sunk to, Zeneesi," I tore his robe open and parted his thighs. There, glistening and pink, was the gash dark magic had created. It seemed to have its own smell, which blended intoxicatingly with the smells of soap and sweat he exuded, and without thinking I reached down and caressed my rock-hard cock. I saw him staring at my member and thought some anxiety passed over his face. I knew I had to have him as docile as possible in order to breed him, so I did my best to empathize with this fallen king and found, to my surprise, that I truly did feel for him in his plight. I struggled to conquer my lust and to show something like compassion.

"King Kerk," I began, trying to show him that I respected his status, "You have been chosen, among all your men, to bear my daughter. I understand that with your race, the women bear the children and the men sire them. It is thought that at one time, our men and women were the same, but then came the Punishment." His brows furrowed and I knew he was listening, even though he wouldn't meet my gaze and still struggled against his restraints. "The queen before me, Hadis Yulentia, tried to conquer the sorceress tribes, the Guadlanya, in the north of Yuanghan province. On the eve of the battle, a dark priestess appeared to her and told her that if she harmed the Guadlanya, they had enacted magic that would cause the energy of their departed spirits to go into fueling a spell they had created, that would blight our people in ways we couldn't conceive. Though she was thus warned, Hadis still attacked. Without weapons of any sort, beyond this dark magic, the Guadlanya were decimated. The sickness came immediately to the men of our race. Most died, and those that are left are shadows of who they were before." I shuddered, thinking of these gray and white wisps. "With their health and strength went their ability to sire children. We have tried everything within our power with no luck." I looked at him and he slowly turned his dark eyes to meet mine. "That is where your people come in. It is only through the enchantment that has been performed on you that my people can hope to continue our race." I spread my arms, ready to plead with him. "I will give you and your people whatever you desire if you and a few dozen others will stay here on our planet and bear our children. Your planet has no resources that we don't already have in plenty. The Zeneesi hold no other interest for us. And I don't want to subjugate you—I want my daughters to be happy and healthy and loved. In order for this to be, I feel their fathers should do this willingly, not be raped and bred like animals." I strode to the bed and unlocked his wrists and ankles. Then I knelt before him to show him how serious this conquering queen was in asking his help. "King Kerk, I will give you and your people whatever you desire if you will do this for me and for my women."

Kerk sat up slowly and rubbed his wrists, contemplating me silently, as I remained kneeling before him. When he spoke, his voice was almost tender. "I understand why you have done what you've done. You are a queen, a leader and a caregiver for your people." He paused and seemed to think, "You and your women fought mightily on the battlefield. There is no shame in our defeat to such a strong race. There would be no shame for my people in bearing your children. If you will allow the rest to return to their homes and will recompense them for the crops and goods lost, which are—" he gazed around him at the tapestries and the golden ceiling painted with cavorting goddesses "—I think of very little consequence to you. If you will do all this and promise to keep my men who stay to bear your children in comfort, then we will stay. I will do this for my people." His nobility was beautifully clear at that moment, as he held his head high and met my gaze.

I nearly cried as I stood and went to the door to call Auggie. We would write the document that would bind this agreement tonight. Then there would be children! Beautiful little daughters, who would become generals, priestesses, teachers, and queens after we were gone. I thought my heart would burst.

That night we negotiated and wrote out the document. As dawn broke, I watched the ships leaving to take Kerk's people back to their planet. I turned to find him looking grim, but I needed to press on. I needed to know if this deal was worth all of this.

"This day we will rest. Tonight, we will dine and drink, and then we shall... see if the enchantment will do what we hope," I turned from the queen's chamber and made my way to my room. In spite of my tiredness, it was a long time before I slept; I was deeply worried about the future.

I awoke as the sun was setting and laid for a long time watching the play of the red and purple sunset on the tiny moons that floated above the horizon. At last, I rang the bell and dressed, selecting what I considered my most seductive fragrance for this strange and special evening.

A feast had been laid in the reception rooms and Kerk sat to my right—the guest-of-honor chair—at the head of the table. At first, he ate and drank in silence, but as the wine flowed, his tongue loosened and he began to talk to me of his men who had returned to Zenis, of his hopes for them now that food and goods would enable them to rebuild their lives. He talked of his childhood in Zenis, his mother and brothers, of first learning to fight as a young king-to-be. I listened, interested to hear the history of the man who would bear my children, interested to know who and how he was. Finally, his face flushed with wine, but his voice still clear, he clasped my hand.

"Let us go to your chamber. Let's have this over," he stood, grabbing the decanter and his glass, and I led him down the halls, pausing to tell my attendants that we were not to be disturbed.

Upon entering my bed chambers, Kerk wrapped his muscled arms around me and kissed me deeply. I could feel that he was as aroused as I was, heated by the wine in my veins and the long emptiness of my bed. I ran my hand over his chiseled shoulders, his chest, covered in dark hair, and down his waist to his delicious ass. Grabbing it, I pulled him to me and kissed him again, long and deep. Our cocks surged against each other and I pushed against him, running my hand over his thick braid. Hesitantly, he moved his hand onto my waist, then up to cup my breast. Bending slightly, he took my nipple in his mouth, biting it lightly and bringing moans from me.

Roughly, he came back up and kissed me deeply. Surprised by his strength, I pushed him back and began to remove the several layers of evening dress I wore, dropping the gold brocade to the floor. I paused to let him take me in, envisioning what he saw—long, black hair, aquiline nose, high cheekbones, dark, rather serious eyes. My body was strong, but soft, my breasts and hips plentiful. Yet, unlike the Zaneesi women, thrusting from between those hips was my cock, evolved by our women when our men began to fail us, long, long ago. And now it stood at rock solid attention—I wanted him and I would have him, would dominate him here as I had on the field of battle.

Kerk wore nothing but a cloth of velvet, secured around his waist with some ornament that broke in my eager hands. I threw it aside and led him to the bed. I pushed him rudely down and climbed on top of him, kissing and nipping my way down his chest and abs, smelling the glorious and novel musk of his cock. I fell on it, bringing forth deep moans from him as I took as much as I could of his huge length into my mouth. It was mere minutes before he came in great jets in my mouth and went limp on the bed. Satisfied—this was the state I'd hoped to create—I parted his thighs, moving between them and feeling the strange moist warmth of his womb. I inserted one finger, then two, noting that his cock jumped as I moved within him. He made slight panting noises that didn't seem to indicate discomfort. Emboldened, I moved the tip of my cock up to this entrance. He bent his thighs to accommodate me as I slid into him inch by inch, slowly, nervous at what I might encounter in this enchanted entrance. All that I experienced, however, was the utter deliciousness of being deep in this warm, wet space, which moved and gripped my cock. Kerk was hard again, his cock pushing into my stomach as I began to fuck him, slowly at first, then faster as I lost myself in the bliss I was feeling.

Kerk seemed to enjoy himself—his eyes were closed and his brows furrowed, but he made throaty grunts that sounded like pleasure. I paused, struggling to control myself.

"How are you?" I asked in a low tone.

He kept his eyes closed, "Fine, your majesty. It is a strange sensation, but it's not unpleasant, being filled this way. Do you mind?" He gestured toward his throbbing dick, indicating that he wished to pleasure himself while I was within him. My own dick surged in response. "Yes, go ahead," I murmured, my eyes riveted to his muscled chest as he began to stroke himself. I began again to fuck him, but went slowly, ever so slowly, watching him play, watching the movement of his muscles, smelling the musk that wafted up from his dark, rich fur.

Kerk's ministrations on himself sped up, his brow furrowed more deeply, and he came again over his hand and his belly. I watched him, enrapt, then threw my head back and groaned as I emptied myself deliciously, deep within him.

Sated for the moment, we slept, curled against each other in my enormous bed. I woke to Kerk tenderly cupping my breasts and kissing my shoulder. I opened my eyes and turned my head and his mouth was on mine again, hot and insistent. This time, he climbed on top of me, his eyes glazed with lust, and lowered his manwomb onto my cock. God, it felt incredible, and I thrust up into him as he began to ride me, his hand stroking himself as he did so. Watching him, feeling him, thrusting into him—it all melded together into utter bliss and I groaned deeply as I came again, again, again... His dick emptied itself onto my chest, yet still he didn't stop. As he began to flag, I flipped him over and fucked him, pausing to run my hands through his dark fur, over his muscled chest, his strong arms. I couldn't believe what it was doing to me—this queen and lover of women.

I came again and, growling like an animal, I flipped him over and fucked him from behind, alternately stroking and slapping his glorious ass. He grunted deeply and, taking some oil from the vial on my night table, I reached around him and stroked his cock. I slowed my rhythm down till I was barely moving within him and he whimpered as I slowly, agonizingly moved my hand up and down his cock.

"Please," he whimpered, his head shoved into the pillows, "Oh, god! I want to come!"

"Shhh," I whispered to him, "You'll come. You'll come when I want you to."

Slowly, slowly, I moved within him, building myself to such a terrific, throbbing state that when I stopped abruptly, I almost came again anyway. But I contained myself and held myself within him. Gently, I began to stroke him, building him to the same state. He spat angry words at me when I stopped and tried to shake me off him. His cock throbbed, but he didn't come.

"Fuck! You bitch!" he groaned. Then, all of a sudden, I let us both have exactly what we wanted, more than anything in the universe in that moment, and I fucked him deeply, my hand moving up and down his shaft at the same time.

"AAAGGHH!" he and I came at the same time, great jets spraying over my bedclothes.

Utterly, utterly spent, I collapsed beside him. The dawn was just breaking as we fell asleep in the great, musky, delicious mess we'd made.