 It was starting to get dark but Thomas continued to drive. Where was the main highway? This was the last time he'd listen to his damn friend again when it came to directions. Looking out he saw that they were going to have a bad snow storm soon from the darkening of the sky. Wonderful just wonderful! He was supposed to be home with the family getting nauseous at bad jokes, and pissed off at nosey siblings and cousins. Crap he wished he didn't have to go home this year for Christmas. 

Sighing Thomas decided he'd turn around and head back to the small store he passed an hour back. Well that is as soon as he found a place to turn the car around. Driving a few more miles the trees gave way to a farm house in the middle of huge patches of overgrown fields. Pulling into the somewhat overgrown road Thomas headed toward the main building where he'd seen smoke.

Pulling up to the front of the building Thomas saw another car there in the driveway also. Then his eyes opened wide as he saw the college parking sticker, from the same school he went to! Damn Thomas thought small world. Stepping out of his small car Thomas rose to his full 6 foot and stretched his athletic body. Straightening his short cropped light brown hair Thomas walked to the front door.

Just as he was about to knock the door opened and a rather short woman looked up at him. Looking back into the house she yelled, "Pa we got another one! Come on in young man the weathers 'bout to turn nasty. Good thing ya found the farm, nothing much round here for miles." Thomas looked around swearing he could smell apples, god a glass of apple cider would be great right now.

"Yes Ma'am," Thomas started as the short woman hustled him into the front room. Making him sit she disappeared and reappeared a moment later with a full glass of...? Thomas sniffed at whatever it was. To his surprise it was apple cider! Damn he thought it was almost as if she read his mind he'd just been thinking about a glass of it.

"If ya wan' more just let me or pa know we got plenty" The short woman bustled about the room as Thomas watched her thinking of his mother. 

Shaking his head Thomas asked, "Ma'am? Do you have a phone? My cell isn't getting any signal here. Actually not for miles Ma'am?" Thomas was perplexed as the woman seemed to be avoiding him or just plain ignoring him. "Ma'am I asked..." Thomas said as he reached out to touch the woman's arm.

"I heard ya young man. I just thought not ta waste breath tellin ya we have none as ya can well see. Now then excuse me I hav work ta finish." Thomas just sat there with his mouth open. Getting up he headed for the door but found he couldn't seem to open it when he pulled or pushed on it. Then there was that, the door was freezing cold. Putting his shoulder into it he smiled when it started to move, then it flew open and he found his self tumbling out on the porch into the snow!

Thomas shook his head as he shut the door then headed to his car. A small male face appeared at the window and shook its head. Thomas put his key in and turned it, his mouth hung agape when nothing happened! What in the hell was going on? This was an almost brand new car! There shouldn't be a damn thing wrong with it! Shaking his head he started to laugh, well he got his wish he guessed. He wasn't going home this year that was for sure!

Trudging back to the house he was about to knock when the same short woman opened the door. "Ay get in here! Ya be catching cold out there in the snow with no coat or boots. Hav ya lost ya mind?" She asked him.

"No Ma'am, I just want to go home ok?" Thomas could only shake his head as he started to shiver crap he was colder than he thought! Doing a double take there was a roaring fire in the fire place. What was going on? There hadn't been time for them to build that! Thomas knew also that the fireplace had been empty when he went out.

The old short woman left and an even older looking, short man appeared. "Ah! Hello son. Might as well make yaself at home. Trixie is of a mindset fer ya to keep us company 'til the storms blows over. Sides I know the boss won't mind at t'all as he likes young folks around the house."

"Yes sir, not to be impolite but I really have to get home. My family will have half the state out looking for me when I don't show up." Thomas said as he looked closer at the man. Strange but Thomas could swear the man reminded him of the old pictures he'd seen of Santa's Elves. Shaking his head Thomas thought, 'Get ahold of yourself! They are just the indoor staff of the owner. Probably live in maid and housekeeper.'

The old man's eyes opened wide and he smirked but did nothing else. "Now then young man, ya need some rest afore the boss gets home since no one can stay fer free he'll talk to ya about payment. Now up ta bed wit ya! Git! We'll see ya in the morn. It's the first door on the right. Night!" With that he'd already pushed Thomas up the stairs and in front of the door.

Thomas's mouth hung open how in the hell had he gotten here? Grasping the door handle he noticed another door not two feet away from almost next to his. Suddenly realizing he was far more tired than he thought he was Thomas went in. Looking at the bed he climbed in far too tired to notice much of anything. Laying back his eyes closed as soon as his head hit the pillow.

It was a few hours later, when half asleep Thomas thought he felt the bed move. It was more like a person getting up and leaving the bed. Maybe twenty minutes later Thomas was almost asleep again when he felt the bed move again. God he thought this was a nice dream as he felt a soft body snuggle up to his back. Ummm he thought again she feels so nice.

Falling back to sleep Thomas started to have several ideas invade his mind. He didn't have a girlfriend, hadn't for most of this school year. Most of his friends had thought he'd gone gay on them. Many would hardly talk to him 'til several of them found out he was staying in his room every night studying. After several attempts to drag him out, they finally left him alone. Thomas sighed it wasn't that he didn't like women hell far from it. It was just that after the extra special break up that Bitney had done to him and in public, one could say he was afraid.

Afraid he snorted in his sleep, more like terrified of them all! Used to, he'd look at a woman and see a soft, loving tender hearted female. Now all he could see was a hateful, vindictive, greed driven creature that loved to torture. No thank you sir, he thought! He'd much rather be alone than have his heart mashed, stomped on, and then shredded.

Thomas was so out of it he didn't even hear the door open as an older man with a white beard and old fashioned spectacles looked in. Moving his huge stomach gingerly the older man whispered saying, "You're sure neither of them is aware of the other?"

"No sir, we took all precautions to ensure that they didn't have a premature meeting just as you ordered sir." The older short man said then smiled. "I had Trixie remove all of his outer apparel. As she did to the other one. Sir, I don't mean to question you, but do you think this is wise; I mean they both are bare. I have found that almost all humans are repelled at this with strangers."

"I know Chincey I have thought of that also. When they do realize, where are they going to go? There are no other rooms here and the front room and kitchen are horribly cold. Neither of the vehicles will start, plus the storm nature has whipped up, should keep them inside form a while. No I think it might take a few days but I know this will work. As I have seen, this may be the last chance for either one of them."

The old short man nodded as they shut the door, sighing he said, "We will continue as we have though Santa sir, I really hate to lower my intelligence for this." Then the door was closed cutting off the rest of the conversation.

Again it was several hours later as the sun or rather what of it there was rose. As it got higher it brought a little light and even less warmth into the room. Thomas's hand was resting on something so soft; god it felt good reminded him of when he and Bitney were naked...? Springing upright the covers were pulled from the naked female body beside him. She was petite with light brown hair. His hand was square on her at least, 34 - b breast. Shaking a bit he slowly withdrew his hand as her brown eyes snapped open!

What followed in the next few minutes was confusion and pandemonium. Far be it that he had his hand on her breast, or her hand was around his morning 'wood'. They both looked up and down each other's body, and then the woman started to scream! Thomas tried to back away after she slapped his hand away from her and wrenched her hand from his sex. Thomas fell out of the bed as the woman went to the other side with the blanket hiding under it.

A moment later Trixie walked in stark naked herself, "Ah! Ya are awake! Come now the boss is waiting."

"You put a rapist in here with me! He had his hands on me! How dare you!" The woman was still screaming.

"I am not a..." Thomas started.

"SHUT up this doesn't concern you!" The woman was screaming pointing a finger at Thomas.

"WHAT!? Wait a damn minute if you didn't notice I am naked too without clothes!" Thomas yelled back at the woman. "Beside I saw you looking at me! I felt your hand locked around me!" Thomas suddenly shouted out.

"Yeah I was making sure you weren't trying to take advantage of me!" She shouted back.

"Ha!" Thomas said. "As fucking if!"

"Yeah I know you'd like to wouldn't you? You pervert!" She started again.

Thomas sneered at her, "I could say the same about you! Where are my clothes? You took them and got into bed with me to trap me didn't you? " 

"You!? Really? You sound damn sure full of yourself!" The woman yelled back.

There was a sound of heavy footsteps and suddenly an older man with a white beard was standing at the door. "Oh, now ya done it! That's the boss, made him come up here ya did!" Trixie said.

"What is with all this yelling? You are guests in this house I suggest you remember that." When neither of the youths said a word the man nodded. "Now then let's start over. My name is Nick, I am the owner of this farm." With that Nick looked at the woman.

"I'm...," she swallowed hard as she was staring at the older man who was naked also! That plus he had a club between his legs almost as long as the guy she woke up next to. "I'm...," shaking her head she felt a tingling between her legs damn it! Her body was betraying her again. "Violet, I am violet!" She almost shouted. "I am a third year student at the university upstate."

Nick nodded good she was starting to open a little obviously the fight had awakened something in both of them. Looking over at Thomas, Nick nodded. "Oh yeah, right. I am Thomas I am also a third year student at the university upstate. I don't mean to be a downer but I really need to get home for Christmas. My family is expecting me." This last was said almost with a venom like quality in his voice.

"I take it you don't like being at home? Nick asked.

"No, I mean yes, well no not a lot of the time. They are always on me to find a woman, as if. They are all cold hearted, vindictive bitches. I am a hell of a lot happier being alone!" Thomas spit at the older man.

"Hmmm ok, I see, and you Miss Violet? Do you also want to leave to go home?" Nick asked a smile lighting up his face and the room.

Violet had clamped her mouth shut but the old man's smile did something to her. "No, not really. Why would I want to go home to a drunk of a mother? I was glad to get the hell out of there. It was a cess pool and I was drowning in all the shit there. So no Mr. Nick, I am not in a hurry to go home though I have to, She may be a drunken whore but she is still my mother, such as she is."

Nick nodded to both of them, hmm this was going to be slightly harder than he thought but it could be done. "Alright here are the rules. As guests, at present living in this house, rule one, no clothes at any time. Number two; there will be no copulating in the main room, the kitchen, or any room other than this one for you two."

"Copulating? You mean sex? Ha! You have to be kidding old man, with that skinny broomstick? Please give me a little more credit that that!" Thomas laughed.

Violet was staring at Thomas with a murderous look while she was mumbling, "Yeah right as if you could ever have sex with that club you freak of nature!"

This time it was Thomas who was staring at Violet with a murderous look. "Freak! You bitch! What can't get a boyfriend?"

"A hell of a lot easier than you can get a girlfriend, freak!" Violet yelled back.

"Ah! Youth so wasted!" Nick said suddenly making them both quiet. "Those are the main rules, there are a few others but they are of no concern as none of us can leave the house for a bit." This last comment brought several groans from both of them. "As I said this is your room, and that is the only bed, so I suggest you both learn to share. You do know what sharing is, don't you? To freely give something of one's self to another without expecting anything back. In fact doing so brings you joy. Now then you are free to move about the house, help if you like, don't if you don't feel like it."

With that, Nick left to let them both to think about what he'd just said. Good he thought, at least they are thinking about it and not trying to figure a way out of it.

An hour later Thomas made his way down the stairs. He had to get away from Violet, her cowering was really starting to annoy him. Though he'd put on a big front, Violet's comments had cut him deeply. He thought back to Bitney the day they broke up, she'd called him a meat pole and a freak. Almost every foul thing she could think of. There were so many times over the last year that he'd almost given up. Alienated from almost all his friends he was almost completely alone now. Sighing he started to look for the one called Chincey. Maybe there was something he could do to help and get his mind off all this crap.

As if by magic the man appeared, "I take it ya wish ta help?" When Thomas only nodded the short man took his arm and led him into the back of the house. Damn Thomas thought, the house hadn't look that large when he came in.

Violet watched as Thomas walked out of the door. Finally she thought! Getting up she ran to the bathroom with no door. Sitting, she released all of the pee she'd been holding with a long deep groan. God she thought he'd never leave. He might not be modest peeing in front of her this morning, though she had to admit, it had been interesting to watch, she was. Shaking her head she started to wipe and almost had an orgasm! What was going on with her body? She didn't find him attractive at all! Uh... did she? Getting up she thought 'I ought to find Trixie and see if she needs help.'

"Oh! Hello young one, did ya wanna help today? I've plenty ta do if ya care ta hep." Trixie said as soon as she walked in the door.

Violet could only stare at the short woman with her mouth hanging open but she'd just thought, and then Trixie and...and... "Yes ma'am I'd like to help."

"Ah! So polite ya had good parents did ya not?" Trixie said.

"No ma'am." Violet said as a few tears fell from her brown eyes. "I didn't have good ones. I just think it is better to be this way is all."

"Oh my dear I'm sorry. Didn't me ta bring up bad thoughts," the short woman said.

"It's ok, I'm not fragile like everyone thinks," Violet replied.

"Good then come with me we have much ta do!" Trixie said as she started to drag Violet out of the door.

That night both of them dragged their selves up the stairs, neither of them had ever worked that hard. Violet was so tired she didn't even care if Thomas looked at her. As if he could he was fighting to keep his eyes open. They'd hardly been able to bathe or eat, as it was Thomas fell asleep in his food twice.

Climbing into bed Violet was out within seconds. Thomas was aching all over his body and was having a hard time relaxing. Sighing he tried several times to relax his body, finally he felt his shoulders relax as did his back. Finally he thought then he felt a movement under the covers as Violet rolled over and cuddled against his back. God she feels so good he thought as he drifted off.

Each day for the next two days Thomas awoke with his hand on her breast, she with her hand firmly grasped around his morning hard on. Though those two days he'd removed his hand, and had to wait 'til she awoke and let him go. True in her sleep the third day she'd almost stimulated him to orgasm, still he was having a hard time relating to her at all.

This morning they were introduced to an older woman named Mary. She'd been at the farm next door and had come over when the storm abated some. Thomas could only stare at the older woman, for as old as he thought she was she was in great shape. The older woman smiled and kissed Thomas thanking him for thinking she was still in good shape. Giggling she watched as Thomas's member rose to its full length. "Oh dear," She said. "Did I cause that? I am so sorry young man. It is unfortunate that there is no one to help you with this problem." With that Mary looked straight at Violet and winked. "If you did poor boy, they might find that it isn't half as bad as it looks."

Violet blushed a deep blood red, hell it was a major accomplishment for her to be here in front of all of them naked. Looking at Nick she could see that he was excited to see her. Well parts of him were excited that was for sure. Then again as she looked at Thomas she had to admit Thomas was bigger, and hard! God he was harder this morning than usual! Had she done that to him? My god she thought, they are both hung like bulls! She wasn't sure but her body was starting to betray her again. She was wetter and wetter each morning when she awoke.

Sighing she couldn't say anything, she knew that Thomas was a confirmed woman hater, hell people in general. Smiling she remembered hearing that, that slut Bitney had been found beaten up a few days later. Then she had withdrawn going to another school. Violet knew Thomas was as far out of her league as anyone could get. Here she was twenty two and had only been with one man. She'd been out with numerous guys but after the first had taken her without her consent, she was hundreds of times more wary of men. 

Walking away from the main room she wished there was some way that she and Thomas could be together but she was far too afraid. Sighing, she followed a smiling Trixie into the kitchen. Thomas was trying to hear what Nick was trying to say as he watched first Violet, then Mary as their bouncing butts walked into the kitchen. 'Damn,' he thought, 'wish I could hit that, hell both of them. Problem is Violet hates me, my fault I guess,' as he sighed.

Thomas followed Nick to the back of the house, who wore a huge smile on his lips. It was starting to get interesting; perhaps now that Mary was here they could get things done. The day ended and after eating they headed to bed. They were about to lay down when they heard a groaning on the other side of the hall way. Fearing something bad had happened they both went out into the hallway.

Following the sound they stopped at a partially open door. Looking in they both saw Mary spread eagled on the bed with Nick between her legs plowing into her at a rapid speed. Thomas immediately grew to his full length; Violet felt her vagina start to leak like faucet. They stood there transfixed 'til fifteen minutes later the older couple finished with deep satisfied groans. Leaving the two voyeurs crept back to their room both dumbfounded at the raw sex they had just witnessed.

In their room both sat on the bed with a thud, both surprised that they hadn't been caught. Thomas opened his mouth to ask Violet if she was ok. She leaned over and gave him a peck on the lips. As what seemed like shock waves went through her she smiled. Launching herself at him she pulled him to her as she started to kiss with force.
