 This story recounts six intense days in an unfortunate girl's year-long quest to find a way home. It is not part of a series, the full story of Kira's quest has not been written; in fact I have only a faint idea about how it began, and no clue how it ends. Of course, if inspiration strikes I may some day return to Kira and her strange fate.

Reader beware: This story is long, it starts slowly, and the plot is pretty weird. If you want a quickie, this is probably not for you.

------

 DAY 1

As the path lead out of the woods and approached the edge of the cliff, Kira got her first good view of the town in the valley below. She tried to estimate the distance. It looked like she would have no problems reaching it before sunset, even if she took time for a lunch break. She found a rock with a good view of the valley, and got some dried meat and a biscuit from her pack. While she chewed, she speculated about the town below.

There would be a small inn with two or three rooms for travelers, of course, there always were. And they would welcome her, as they had welcomed her everywhere. These things never changed. She would be the only one staying at the inn; in all her time here she had only once met another traveler, and that was more than half a year ago. With a small sigh, she began looking at the town.

A small wall surrounded the town, and just outside the gate there were a small knoll. The perfect place for a gallows, yet there was none. She took that as a good sign, the mood were always better in placed that did not believe in public executions. She quickly scanned the houses, they were of different sizes, of course, but none were dominating the town. Another good sign, sometimes a temple or a palace ruled a town with an iron fist. Not her problem, of course, but still... 

Not much more could be learned from this distance. She finished eating, and got up. She idly speculated what the name of the town was. Probably just "The Town", although it was bigger than usual, so maybe they would call it "City". She laughed at the thought. For anyone who had seen the cities of The Real World, calling the place below a city was of course ridiculous. In her mind she always capitalized The Real World when thinking of her lost home. A wave of melancholy overcame her. Oh, to see again the cities of the Real World: London, New York, Paris... Oh, to look at the night sky and see the Big Dipper or Orion again. Her thoughts went to her lost family and friends, and she blinked furiously to hold back tears.

*****

Sunset was still an hour away when she emerged from the woods in the valley, and again saw the town, this time much closer. A few people were working in the fields, they stopped and looked as the walked along the path. Some waved to her in salute. When she got closer to the gate, people started to emerge from it and assemble on the small hills next to the path. Clearly, she had been spotted and the more curious inhabitants came out to see the traveler. She was used to this by now, it no longer bothered her. She looked at peoples faces as she got closer, they were mostly smiling. She knew that some of the men would be pleased by what they saw. She was tall, almost exactly six feet. Her long black hair fell down her back, reaching halfway to her behind. It was a bit tangled after her long walk, she would fix that at the inn. Her breasts were full, but not overly large. She was slim and fit, months of trekking had done wonders, although she would much rather be back home and plump again. She also was fully aware that her traveling clothes were worn, and not exactly clean after a week in the wilderness.

She looked around again. Then she saw her. On one of the small hills a young woman was standing. She was stark naked, wearing only a defiant expression, as if she expected someone to challenge her nudity or her right to be here. Weird! Kira stopped, and looked around. One another small hill there was one more, this time an elderly lady. It looked like a family outing, three teenage kids, mum and dad, and a set of grandparent. But grandma was naked, and no-one acted like that was in any way unusual. Kira was surprised, what could this possibly mean?

Kira entered the town, and quickly found the small inn, without encountering any more nudists or whatever they were. As expected, the inn had two small rooms, she was given one of them by the innkeepers, eager to have a customer staying for the night (and undoubtedly realizing that the taproom would be full this evening). The inn was kept by a middle-aged couple with the help of their grown daughter and her husband. The daughter showed her the room. It was far from Hilton standards, but the bed seemed good and there was a big washtub. She really needed a bath, but first things first! She was hungry, dinner was being served downstairs, and the locals had begun to arrive.

Dinner was a delicious lamb stew, with local beer. The beer tasted slightly better than water and was only slightly stronger, but she certainly could not complain about the food. As she ate, the room filled up. No one interrupted her eating, but as soon as she put down the fork the questions began. She told about the mountains, what she had seen on the paths, how the neighboring towns were. As always, the audience quickly got bored. None of them had ever been more than a few hours walk from the town, and as in all the towns she had visited, no-one appeared to even consider going further away. Why should they? Kira had never understood this, was this whole world under some strange curse? As always, she changed the subject, and began telling stories she had heard "far away". Hansel and Gretel was always a hit, as was The Little Mermaid once she had moved it to a lake (these people had no concept of the sea).

As she entertained the crowd, a few young men began flirting. One of them really had sex-appeal, his name was Liam. A striking young muscular lad, a bit younger than her, perhaps 20 or so. As the evening progressed people began leaving and she prepared to retire to her room, Liam suggested that he could join her. Kira was severely tempted, but she new that she should wait and gain a little background information about the town first, so she could combine business and pleasure, and pump him for useful information. So Kira pleaded tiredness from her travels, but made sure Liam had not missed her hints that the next evening she would be more welcoming.

Returning to her room, she saw Liss, the innkeepers' daughter, leave her room with an empty pail. "Hi Kira, I have just filled your tub. Good night!"

Kira thanked her, disrobed and entered the warm water. She washed herself, and then her hand found its way between her legs. She started masturbating, as she always did when bathing, but soon realized that she had told Liam the truth. She really was tired, too tired to reach a climax. She did not hear the door open behind her.

"Do you need a hand?". Kira almost jumped. It was Liss, who had come with a large towel. How long had she been standing there, looking at her pleasuring herself? Kira blushed.

"Sorry, I didn't want to startle you," Liss continued, "I just forgot to bring you a towel. But you really look like you could use a hand."

Liss knelt beside the tub, and put her right hand in the water, slowly enough that Kira could stop her if she wanted. Liss' hand came resting on her mound, and moved between her legs. She sure knew what she was doing, and a wave of pleasure overcame Kira. She was too tired to hold back, and quickly came. Liss stood up, and began leaving.

"Thanks, my dear," Kira said. "Your husband doesn't mind?"

She smiled as she left. "I do not plan to tell him. Do you?"

Kira dried herself, and went to bed. She slept heavily that night, only interrupted by a weird dream that she could not remember the next morning.

 DAY 2

After breakfast, Kira went to the marketplace and began shopping around. She only bought a few things, but asked many questions in the stalls, although never directly about the things she really wanted to know. As the day progressed, she began having a good picture of how this town worked, and felt ready to ask Liam some meaningful questions that evening. Lunchtime came, she got something that would have been called samosas in the Real World (except the spices were really strange). Then she saw Liam in front of another stall. He had not seen her, so she went over and placed her arm around him.

Liam was pleased to see her, and began showing her first the marketplace, and then other parts of the town. Here was the town hall, here and there a temple for a god or goddess Kira did not recognize. As they passed an opening in a wall, Kira heard a man scream out as if in great pleasure. She stopped.

Liam smiled. "It is the temple of the Goddess of Sex. We can enter, if you wish."

"The Goddess of Sex?" Kira was surprised, but why not? Probably the twin sister of the Goddess of Love. 

They entered, and came into a small courtyard. Two naked women and a naked man were tied to strange contraptions. One of the naked women was being brutally raped by a man, while two other men were waiting their turn. Kira was horrified, a gang rape was happening right before her. She considered if she would be able to stop the men, and if Liam would help her. Then she saw the expression of the woman next to the one being raped. She was looking with interest, and seemed to enjoy the view. Not exactly the reaction of one waiting to be raped. She looked again at the woman being raped, and realized her mistake. Her expression was one of joy. No rape, then. Kira relaxed, and looked more carefully at the bizarre scene before her.

The three naked ones were attached to cross-like devices. The lower part was like the St. Andrew's cross she had sometimes seen on porn sites on the internet. Both legs were securely attached to the beams with two wide belts, keeping the legs spread. The upper part of the contraption was like an ordinary cross. A broad belt over the belly kept the body attached to the vertical beam, and both arms were attached to the horizontal beam, again with two straps each. At each side of the device there were two large steering wheels, not unlike the ones on old-fashioned ships. Kira had no idea what they were for, but since the man was tilted backwards at an angle, and the two women were more or less upright, she assumed that one of the wheels controlled the tilt.

At one side of the courtyard was a small fountain, in the other side two guards of some sort were sitting playing checkers, one male and one female, only occasionally looking up to keep an eye on the proceedings.

The man clearly reached his climax, and left the woman. He went over to the guards, where a large wheel of fortune was mounted on the wall. The wheel was separated into green and red wedges. He spun the wheel, after a short while it stopped with an arrow pointing at a green wedge.

"If it had been red, he would have had to take her place," Liam explained.

"Really? I see the green sections are much wider than the red."

"Yes, chances are approximately four to one."

While Liam explained this, the male guard had asked the next man in the group something. Kira did not hear what he asked, only that the man answered yes. The guard went to the fountain and filled a pail with water. He then proceeded to wash the woman, paying particular attention to her private parts. Somehow to Kira this seemed even more humiliating than being fucked in public, yet the woman did not seem to complain. Meanwhile, the next man in the queue undressed - clearly the three men were friends enjoying sharing the same bound woman.

The now naked man went over to the device, and turned one of the wheels. The beams holding the woman's legs moved further apart, spreading her legs even further. He then began eating her out. Kira looked incredulously at Liam.

"Is this worshiping in the Temple of Sex?" she asked.

"Yes," he answered, "and the best part is that it does not count as cheating your partner."

Kira somehow had a hard time believing that! "And anything goes?"

"Almost," Liam explained. "You may not hurt or inflict pain on your partner. Pooing on him or her is forbidden. And so is speaking in a humiliating or disrespectful manner. But apart from that almost anything goes. Even the usual taboos are not valid here."

"You mean like incest?" Kira asked.

"Yes. I have had my big sister when she was attached here. And she has had me." Liam smiled at the thought.

"And your mom?"

"Well, no." Liam blushed slightly at the thought, "I do not want to do that. But my sister has done it. She has even been with our mom here when they both had their period. It was pretty gross, actually!"

"Must have been!" Kira tried not to imagine it.

"Wanna try? There is a woman and a man free, one for each of us."

Kira hesitated. She was wet between the legs, but still. This was way beyond anything she had ever considered.

"Don't worry," Liam continued. "It will not prevent me from spending the night with you."

Kira still hesitated. Apparently Liam took hesitation as accept. He walked over to the free woman, and began stripping. The male guard came over and talked to him, and proceeded to wash the woman. Kira was speechless. Liam began fucking her. Kira felt a strong itching between her legs. Suddenly she started walking toward the naked man attached to the third device. 

"This is a mistake. This is a really, really bad idea," she said to herself, but nevertheless she went on. The female guard asked if she wanted him washed. She said yes, and began undressing.

The man was about her own age, hanging on the cross with his legs widely spread. As he saw Kira undress, his cock sprang to attention. It was long, but unusually thin. Kira didn't mind, it gave her a wicked idea. She went to the smaller of the two wheels, and began turning it.

"It's a pity to ruin such an interesting pose, but I need your legs together." She spoke while turning the wheel, and when his legs were parallel, she began turning the other wheel until he was horizontal. She had seen two large wooden blocks on the ground, she placed them so she could stand with one leg at each side of his head, and her pussy above his face. She bent in the knees, and began teasing him by rubbing her pussy against various parts of his face. He responded by trying to lick her. She moved around quickly, trying to touch as many parts of his face as possible with her pussy, while avoiding his tongue. She could not avoid it completely, and every time he scored a hit, she enjoyed the feeling it gave her.

Soon she had teased him enough. She first sat down on his chest, but quickly moved down, until she was riding him with his cock placed where it belonged. She rode him hard, and at every trust she felt his cock rocking her half-full bladder, somehow adding to her pleasure. Soon, she was close to coming, and she could see that he was too, so she moved forward, letting his cock slide out. She put her fingers in her wet pussy, and moved some lubrication to her ass. Then she slowly sat down on him again, this time letting his cock slowly penetrate her from behind.

Kira normally did not like anal sex, it was often a bit painful. But this long thin cock was made for it. She began moving again, sitting on the man with his cock up her ass, fingering herself with both hands. Too bad his arms were attached to the cross, hands on her breasts would be welcome now. She could feel him coming, shooting his load up her ass, and moments later she came herself. She sometimes squirted a bit while coming, but this time she instead let her bladder loose. Pee rushed out, covering his chest and spraying onto his face.

Kira thanked him for the fun, kissed him, and descended. Liam was already dressed, clearly he had got the green color on the wheel of fortune. Now it was her turn. Naked, and with some trepidation, she approached the wheel. With her usual luck, it could only end one way. She spun the wheel. To her surprise and relief, it ended on green.

As Kira dressed, she looked at the man she had just fucked. He was still smiling, but looked messy, on his back with her pee all over. Apparently they were going to leave him like that until the next "customer". She took Liam's arm, and together they left the temple of the Goddess of Sex.

"I can't help wondering," Kira said. "If you only get red every fourth time, then sometimes people must be fucked five or ten times before they can go. I guess any woman would get pretty sore after such a session, I certainly would. But what about the men? No man can get an erection ten times in a row!"

Liam smiled. "Men get sore too. But the erection is no problem. The temple was founded more than a hundred years ago, by the high priestess Irilan. Irilan had the Power, as none before her, and none after her. When she made the place, she cast a powerful spell on the courtyard, one that is still working. In that place, no man will fail to get an erection. And no woman risks getting pregnant."

Liam hesitated. Then he continued, while shaking his head. "She did overlook a small detail, though.

"You know some men have problems getting an erection. That makes it very hard for their wives to get pregnant. This place must be infuriating to them. Inside the courtyard, he can get an erection but she cannot get pregnant. Outside, she can get pregnant but he cannot do it. Tough luck!"

Kira hardly listened. Liam's words about Irilan having the Power had almost stunned her. Clearly, magic had once worked here, powerful magic even. She had to know more. She took Liam's arm, and let him back to the inn.

That night she took him to her bed. After the kinky sex in the Temple, she enjoyed good old-fashioned ordinary fucking in a bed with a sexy guy. She easily convinced Liam to stay for the night, although the bed was a bit narrow for two. Before she fell asleep, she had heard all the stories Liam knew about high priestess Irilan and her power. More importantly, she had also learned that magic was still practiced in the town, by a mage named Lorin, although if Liam could be trusted his magic was not impressive at all. Still, she would have to investigate.

 DAY 3

Kira spent the morning in bed with Liam. But soon he had to leave, he had work to do, and sadly would not be able to come back that evening. After a late breakfast, Kira went to the market, planing to try to learn more about Lorin the mage.

She needed to find someone with powerful magic, that was her only hope of ever returning to the Real World. Her thoughts went back to that fateful day with her best friend, Christina. They had been friends since childhood, and their friendship had remained strong although their interests had diverged somewhat. Kira had always been very rational and down-to-earth. Christina, on the other hand, had developed a strong interest in the occult. Astrology, tarots, numerology, Wicca, and in particular in ritual magic. Not that any of her spells ever seemed to have an effect. One day, Christina found a really old book in a second-hand shop. A grimoire, she called it. Some kind of spell-book, only she could not figure out how to use it or what it was supposed to do. 

Then one afternoon Christina called Kira, all excited. She had figured out her grimoire, and needed Kira's help. Of course Kira came, Christina was a close friend after all. Besides, she always enjoyed her time with Christina, even if what they were doing was completely meaningless. And the rituals they were doing that evening certainly seemed meaningless. Then suddenly Christina's voice had changed, becoming harsh and resonant in a way Kira had never heard before. She read words from the book, and cold shivers ran down Kira's spine. Christina threw a handful of flour into a candle, and a blinding flash knocked Kira over.
