 Angus McLaren sat in the shade of the wrap-around porch. The Men's House was a comfortable place with its Adirondack chairs and broad eaves and on a hot, late summer day it was just the place for a large iced tea and some time to digest lunch. Food was important at The Commune and fortunately it was fresh, organic and plentiful. It was, he thought, a damned good thing that they did most of their farming with horses instead of tractors. Though the big Belgians did most of the work, the manual labor involved in working them burned a lot of calories. That kept the men slim and muscular despite the hearty meals. Unfortunately, it also wore them out and the whole group's sex lives were suffering. However, the bearded man mused, harvest was coming and once it was in there would be a lot less work to do and time (and calories) could be devoted to either making babies or practicing for the event. He looked forward to October with anticipation.

As he pondered, his main squeeze Peggy came up arm-in-arm with Melissa Koenig, CEO of the commune and chief authority on all things within the matriarchy. To Angus surprise they spread his knees and each sat down on one.

"Yes?" Appearing to be in agreement was always a good opening position, especially when dealing with Melissa.

The older woman laughed and tossed her grey locks. Decades as a yoga instructor had left her slim, strong and flexible beyond belief and as the man knew well she was as good a piece of ass as any man could hope to get into.

"I like the way you start, Angus," she began, "but before I presume that means you agree perhaps I ought to explain the proposition. Peggy, Sylvia and I have been thinking that what this place needs is for you menfolk to break out your tools and build a couple of lairs."

"Lairs." Angus knew what the word meant officially but couldn't for the life of him imagine what it meant in this context. 

"Yes," Melissa continued, "lairs. We three think it would be really a lot of fun if both the men and the women had a specific place where we could have our way with any chosen victims after abducting them."

Angus blinked like an old turtle and Peggy giggled. "I would have thought that bedrooms worked quite well that way," he drawled.

"Oh, bedrooms are fun most of the time," Melissa continued, "but for dominance and submission games they really don't work. After all, you have to sleep in them and at least in the case of the Women's House, children are likely to wonder in unexpectedly and are likely to start asking questions that would be very hard to answer."

Angus stroked his beard reflectively. "Yes, I can see where Angela would have a difficult time explaining a St. Andrew's cross or set of stocks to Jakob. However, I'm at a loss as to how much traffic one of these 'lairs' would get. And how does a lair differ from a dungeon?"

"Lairs," Peggy began emphatically, "are much more comfortable than dungeons; they don't have whips and chains or much in the way of bondage furniture. They're not painted black inside, either."

"However," Melissa continued the explanation, "they do have quantities of soft rope, lubricants of various kinds and plenty of toys. The idea is that two should abduct one and share, bonding with each other in the process."

"Male bonding using a female and vice versa?" Angus looked skeptical. "I'm aware of the theory but I really have my doubts about that."

"Oh, don't be silly!" Peggy glared at him. "I know full well that you would just love to watch Kyle or Gabriel doing me and then join in—or take turns for that matter. Stop being such a stick in the mud."

Angus took a swallow of his tea, mostly to give himself time to come up with a decent answer. "Alright, I'll take it up with the rest of the guys. While I suspect there might be some interest in having a place to double team you all, I'm not at all sure there will be any enthusiasm for building a place for you to abduct one of us. Other than Konrad, I don't know that there's any attraction for bondage and dildos and I know full well that's what you two are aiming at. As I said, I'll raise the issue but frankly I'm not very interested."

Melissa leaned over and hugged him around the head. "Lovely man, you're just not very interested—yet."

*****

Konrad bounced his giggling son Jakob on his knee. To this day, almost four years after his mistress Angela announced she was carrying his child, he was still amazed both at himself and what she had done for them and his wife Melissa. He looked up at both women as they bustled around the kitchen of the central dining hall. "You honestly expect the younger men to go along with this mad scheme?" he asked.

Melissa put down the knife she'd been slicing fresh tomatoes with and looked thoughtful. "Expect? No, but I am hopeful. It would be great fun to be stretched out blindfolded and fondled, kissed and eventually used ferociously by a couple of studs I couldn't see. The problem, as you well know, will be convincing said studs that being in the same position would be fun for them. I don't think Kyle would use it as a reason for leaving the group but as Angela once observed he is a proud and touchy young man. Perhaps that's one of the reasons I find the thought of putting him in the 'bottom' position so appealing. Maybe I'd better examine my motives."

Angela smiled up from the cake she was frosting. "A lot of that is his age. He's younger by a couple of years than anyone else here and I'm sure that kind of rankles. Even though he has taken charge of the overall economic development of the place, he still is aware that the only person younger than he is little Jakob. Of course in six months or so there will be more but babies can hardly count in male hierarchical thinking."

Jakob shrieked in delight as 'Papa Konrad' tossed him up in the air and caught him several times before letting him down to run around. Konrad smiled benignly at the toddler and then looked up at his lovers. "That's what concerns me. His organic agri-business plan is starting out so well that I don't want to do anything that might scare him off. Admittedly we're far from short of money but it's just so satisfying to see the land begin to respond to his thinking."

*****

Kyle lay on his back, his eyes closed in bliss as Freddi rode him, slowly grinding her hips and dancing. "Honey", she began, "I'd like to do something different."

"Mmm?"

"I want you to sodomize me. Take the little vibrator wands, grease me up, and when I'm relaxed fuck my ass."

Kyle's eyes opened. "You want to be buttfucked? You think you'll like it?"

"I have no idea," she answered, "but how will I find out if we don't give it a try?" She clambered off. "Here, I'll put this condom on you so if I don't like it you can take it off and go back to my pussy."

Once the condom was on Freddi rolled over and arched her back and grinned. "Come on, honey, let's do this."

Shrugging slightly in acquiescence, Kyle put a gob of lube on the smaller smoothie, twisted it into life and pressed it gently against the girl's anus. It worked just as she expected, relaxing her sphincter muscles and slipping in easily.

"So how's that?" Kyle asked.

"Interesting. Stick it in further and swirl it around. That's supposed to make both sets of muscles relax even more. Then use the bigger one."

Doing as he was told, Kyle soon had his girl humming happily. 

"That feels good, honey—strange but good. I think I'm ready, now. Let me have it!" and she pushed herself up onto all fours.

Kyle knelt behind her and spread her cheeks. To his surprise the sight of her glistening, slippery pucker was hot. He felt his cock stiffen back up in response to the sight and he held it at the tight opening and leaned into her. For a moment nothing seemed to be happening but all at once she gave into the pressure and he slipped inside.

"Ooo!"

"You okay?" 

"Oh, yeah. I'm just a little stretched. Hold on while I get used to it. You feel so big back there."

"That's because you're so tight. Feels fantastic."

"Well, then," Freddi answered, "start fucking."

With a slow, steady push Kyle forced his way deep inside, making the girl gasp and then give a little moan. "Oh, baby, I know I'm going to like this. Yeah, just like that. I've heard of girls who get better orgasms from anal than from vaginal." She whimpered happily a few times. "Oh yeah! Fuck. Pound me, superman; send me to the moon!"

*****

A couple of weeks passed. The 'lair' proposal hadn't gone down well with the men, especially Kyle. He was absolutely adamant that getting 'abducted' and 'plundered' by the other women was not his idea of fun and he certainly had no desire or intention of doing it to any of them. Neither Angus nor Gabriel was able to work up enough enthusiasm for the idea to try and convert him and Konrad kept his face blank and said nothing—so nothing happened.

One August morning, very early because the day promised to be a scorcher, Kyle was turning the kitchen garden compost heap when Sylvia walked up. She sat down on a convenient stump and watched admiringly as the sweat dripped down the younger man's bare chest, making his underlying muscles shine. When he had finished, he cleaned the tines of the hay fork in a bucket of oiled sand and put the tool back in its rack. 

"You look ready for a shower," Sylvia commented, "May I join you?"

"Uh, well I really should to ask Freddi first, shouldn't I?"

Sylvia propped her elbow on one knee and put her chin in her palm. "No. I think Kyle that maybe the arrangement here hasn't sunk in for you? When you agreed to join us you accepted a marriage proposal from all the women here, not just Freddi. You are, as it were, the junior husband. As such when one of your wives makes a conjugal suggestion you don't go asking one of the others if it's okay. You either say 'yes' or 'no thank-you, not right now'. And you really need a good reason to say 'no'. Melissa runs a very easy-going matriarchy here, junior husband, but the women are in charge. Keep that in mind. Now, one more time. You look ready for a shower. May I join you?"

"Uh—well—you're right, I guess. I need something though I was thinking about a dip in the creek. But if you'd prefer a shower, yes, you may. I need to point out, however, that my place is a mess. Since I sleep with Freddi I mostly use my room as an office and the projects are all over the place."

Sylvia stood up and wrapped herself around Kyle's right arm. "Then we'll use mine, stud. You wanna fuck before or afterwards?"

"After. I'd rather be clean."

*****

The shower had been quick. Sylvia was eager and that made Kyle eager. By the time they were washed and dry he was stiff and ready so she grabbed him by the 'handle' and led him to her bed. Then she pushed him backwards onto it and climbed up and straddled his thighs where she began to stroke him slowly but firmly.

"Freddi says you've been getting up her butt," Sylvia began.

"Hey, she wanted to know if she'd like it. It wasn't my idea," Kyle protested.

"And she found out that she does. This is good. It means that she's ready to be had front and back just as soon as you guys get over your inhibitions and build a good lair."

"Inhibitions? That's not . . ."

Sylvia leaned down and covered his protest with her open mouth and drove her tongue inside his. When she finally let him go she put her finger across his lips. "Yes, inhibitions. It's the educated, liberal male syndrome. Especially here where the commune is a matriarchy! You guys all think that because the women are in charge you have to be gentlemanly, domestic and respectful. And most of the time we love you for it. But Kyle—personal roles and preferences aren't the same as public ones. Publicly, yes, you should be gentlemanly, domestic and respectful—just as we should respond in kind. But sometimes it's fun to toss that all aside and get primal."

"Primal."

"Mm-hmm. Bride stealing, ravish and plunder, animal lust—they can be a lot of fun so long as all the parties are in agreement as to what is okay and what is too much. Safe words are essential but ignoring protests that don't contain safe words are part of the fun. You especially are too soft. I blame it on Josh and Lara. You want nothing to do with the way they play."

"I sure as hell don't! Ooh . . ."

Sylvia snickered. "I can see it's time to stop the talk and get it on." She got off and lay back with her knees wide. "Come here, lover. Do me right."

They both moaned softly when he slipped in; surprised that she was already so wet and swollen. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips before reaching down and giving him a sharp spank. "Giddyup, hoss!" she commanded.

Kyle settled into the steady, long stroke rhythm that Freddi enjoyed so much and smiled as he looked down at Sylvia, open mouthed and eyes shut. She bucked up against him for a while and then opened her eyes. "See?" she said, "It's just like I told you. Gentlemanly, domestic and respectful, you're putting off your own climax until I have one. Speed up and take me, Kyle. I want that load of yours inside me."

Surprised, the young man complied. To his amazement, Sylvia dug the nails of one hand into his back and grabbed him by the hair with the other. She bucked her hips up against him, driving him faster and faster until with a scream he shot his load deep within her. Once, twice, three times and then one more time he squirted, filling her with his seed. And then, exhausted, he collapsed on top of her.

Humming happily Sylvia cradled Kyle's head, stroking his hair. "Yeah, lover, like that."

"Didn't you want to cum?" He asked.

"Oh, I did. But that's not what was important this time. I wanted rough. You started out loving but I wanted rough. I know, I know, there was no way you could tell. That's the problem between the sexes. We don't talk about it. This time I didn't talk about it to prove a point, that point being that sometimes we really enjoy just making our men happy. You know, like when Freddi gives you a spontaneous blow job? You may think she doesn't get anything out of it but she does—your pleasure. We women are funny that way."

"And the solution is . . .?"

"That, junior husband, is where the lairs come in. We are going to all meet tonight and lay out what kinds of fun we're willing to do, what kinds we're willing to try and what is absolutely out of the question. Like in your case, humiliation a la Josh and Lara isn't even on the table. Non-negotiable! And I agree. Then, once we all know where we each stand you can come up to me some lazy afternoon, pin my arms behind me back and whisper, 'Rough?' in my ear. If I say yes you carry me off and do whatever you feel like, within my limits. If I say, 'Not today', you let go, give me a kiss and go see if Freddi or Peggy wants to play that way. And the same thing goes the other way. If I ask you if you want to play rough and you agree, I'm just liable to give you a shot of Vigorilla, pop a hood over your head and with one of the other women toss you over the back of a quad runner and carry you off to an hour of unspeakable pleasures. But consent is an absolute. Now get off and let's clean up. It's almost lunch time."

*****

After some discussion, polite but passionate, it was decided that since the lairs should be 'secret' it was pretty silly to ask the men to build the women's so each group decided to build its own and the following morning Konrad led the younger men into the woods behind the orchard and up a stream that flowed all year round. When they got to the source they discovered that it emanated from the mouth of a small cave. Handing each man a head lamp, Konrad got down on his hands and knees and straddling the water crept inside. There was a scraping noise from inside and he called out to them, "Okay, come on in men. There's plenty of room."

Once inside, the junior husbands all gaped in astonishment. The cavern was no Mammoth Cave but it was the size of a fairly decent small house. The floor was flat and dry around a bubbling spring that was the source of the creek. 

"Enlarge the mouth—or cut a doorway beside it, manage a heat source and it's ready to furnish. I leave it up to you younger perverts to decide what 'furnishings' are needed. I've done my part. The rest is up to you." Konrad stated dryly.

Angus stroked his long beard reflectively. "I can see a couple of themes here. We can do Neanderthals Carry Off the Cro-Magnon Women or maybe Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. What do you guys think?"

Gabriel walked around the inside of the cave testing the walls for any signs of immanent collapse. "Well," he announced reflectively, "it seems sound enough. Good solid limestone all around and no indication of recent ceiling failure. I'd want to install a strain gauge up at the top, though, to give us plenty of warning if it did decide to fall in. 

I think the Ali Baba scenario is the better one. My only other thought would be The Goonies and that isn't going to impress the women with sexiness. From what she said yesterday I get the feeling that Sylvia, for one, would prefer the Neanderthal version but I just can't bring myself to even fantasy rape."

"Me, either." Kyle was emphatic. "Sylvia was right. I'm middle-class, educated and liberal and I don't hold with anything even resembling brutality. If they want to occasionally be exploited then they're just going to have to accept it in an exotic environment. Something mysterious and decadent is as far as I go."

Konrad chuckled, "Then it's decided. We'll start with the jackhammers once the apple crush is done and the cider is fermenting. That doesn't require any watching and we'll have all day to open a door. I propose we get some braziers for warmth and run decorated stovepipe up from them for ventilation and smoke exhaust. If we drill carefully we should be able to go straight up and out the top of the hill."

"Right," Angus replied with a grin, "and then the 'furnishings' are simply a bunch of big cushions. Liberator has these zeppelin pillows? They're huge. If we put a dozen or so of them around the outside of the cavern and some Kazakh carpets in the middle we'd have the harem ambience par excellence."

Kyle looked blank for a moment and then hesitantly suggested, "And one or two of those incense burners? The brass or silver ones that hang from the ceiling? That's pretty decadent."

"Right!" Gabriel was enthusiastic. "And silk blindfolds and binding cords. Angela keeps after me about bondage and shibari. I've never been sure who she wants tied up, me or her, but if she wants to be carried off . . ."

Konrad smiled to himself. The younger men were catching on. Now, how it would go over when they were on the receiving end—that was the question!

*****

With the men's lair complete, Kyle returned to things he considered far more important, the farm and its profitability. He was sitting at his computer in his room with the door ajar to let in the breeze. It promised a thunderstorm later on and he loved both the electrical display and the sound of rain on the roof. The smell of impending storm was beginning to build but Kyle was so engrossed in his work that he never heard Melissa push the door all the way open and pad up behind him. Naturally then, when she whispered, "Hi, baby," and wrapped her arms around his shoulders he jumped.

"Jeez, Melissa, you scared me out of a year's growth!"

The older woman giggled in response and nuzzled his ear, hugging him even tighter. "I know. It was deliberate. You guys are so cute when you start like that. Your hair almost really does stand on end." 

Kyle relaxed against the warmth of her body. She was wearing some apple-scented perfume, Charlie-Girl perhaps, and he liked it.

"Angus told me," She continued, "you have reservations about having sex with a woman old enough to be your grandmother."
