 "Jared!"

Jared Andrews froze in mid-rant just as he was about to take the keyboard from his computer and throw it through the offending monitor. For the umpteenth time he had checked his work, for the umpteenth time he had sent 'execute' and for the umpteenth time it hadn't worked. He turned around to see Melissa Koenig, matriarch of The Farm commune, standing in his doorway. Her arms were crossed, her foot was tapping meaningfully and the look on her face boded Trouble. 

"Shut it down."

Jared meekly complied and opened his mouth to explain but before he could speak Melissa marched up to him and put her fists on her slim hips.

"Jared, you are in a filthy mood, and from the look of you, you haven't bathed in days. Get cleaned up. Shower, shave and change—the works." She pointed meaningfully at his bathroom door. "Go!"

Hot water, woods-scented shampoo, soap, lather and a sharp razor blade had a calming effect on the commune's newest member and when he was finally clean, dry and presentable he slipped into a tee shirt and sweat pants and combed his hair. He had to admit that he felt much better now. Maybe he really was getting a bit obsessive about his program and perhaps he should leave it alone until after dinner. Running a comb through his mop of blond curls he nodded at his reflection and went back out into his studio in the men's quarters. 

To his surprise Melissa was still there. Or rather, she was back. No longer in her usual khaki shirt and jeans, the silver-haired, patrician woman was sitting on his sofa wearing a soft, clinging caftan. She motioned him over and patted the seat next to her. When he hesitantly sat down she put an arm around his shoulders and pulled his head down onto her lap. Stroking his hair with one hand she cradled his face with the other.

"Darling, in the morning several of the other young techies in the group will help you with your problem. Until then, leave it turned off. This is a commune, Jared, and that means we do thing in common, in community. We told you that when you joined, didn't we?"

"Yes'm" he mumbled.

"And we also told you that we're a family, a group marriage. That means you have a whole collection of wives, didn't we?"

"Yes'm."

"But though you've been here almost a month you still haven't celebrated your 'wedding night' with any of us, have you, dear?"

"No ma'am."

"Now I'm sure you're going to try and tell me that it's because you've been too busy but I don't believe that one bit." Melissa winked, sagely. "You'd be amazed how much experience I have with younger men (and younger women) and I can tell when someone is seriously shy and unsure of themselves. You not only haven't propositioned any of us, you've come to meals late and left early to avoid having any of us invite you in for the night. Haven't you, dear?"

"Uh—I guess?"

"Jared, I love how submissive you are right now. It's turning me on. Take off your shirt. Come on, off with it."

Once Jared was naked to the waist, Melissa started running her nails down his bare chest as she kissed him gently all over the face. "Someone your age should be having sex at least once a day, probably twice. You'll be happier, sleep better and be better able to focus. Have you ever had sex with anyone before, Jared?"

"Uh—no?"

Melissa's voice changed from a croon to a predatory purr. "I thought not. Well, junior husband, we can't have that. And since you're properly submissive and passive right now I'm going to have you. Getting well fucked always does wonders for me and I have no doubt it will do wonders for you. Then tonight one of the other women will take you back to her room. Do a good job on her. But this afternoon we're going to reverse roles. Off with your clothes—and go lay down on the bed."

Somewhat gobsmacked and overwhelmed by the force of the older woman's personality, Jared rolled off the sofa, stood up and shucked out of sweats, blushing furiously. He lay back on the bed looking back at Melissa with wide eyes.

A benign, confident smile on her face, Melissa languorously unzipped her caftan and let it fall to the floor around her revealing the taught, muscular body of the experienced and expert yogini. Lightly she tossed her purse onto the bed beside her youngest husband and curled up next to him, one arm over his chest and one leg across his thighs. She began to nibble his ears and slowly lick his neck. Too startled to respond, Jared lay quietly. 

Melissa chuckled softly. "Virginity is perfectly appropriate in children," she whispered warmly into his ear, "but at your age it's really pointless. So I'm going to put an end to yours and with thirty other women outnumbering the men three-to-two on this farm I expect you to make up for lost time."

She lifted herself up and ran one nipple across his lips, back and forth. "Suck on it, darling," she commanded softly, "Squeeze them and suck on the nipples. Oh, yes! Just like that, honey, and flick your tongue across the tips. Mmmm . . ."

With easy grace Melissa swung herself up and straddled Jared's face. "Lick me just like that," she told him, "and suck while you do." 

Daring not to disobey, Jared did his best and very soon felt her shuddering over him. Pulling away, his lover looked down at him with a leer. "Under most circumstances I'd be all ready for you to stick it in me but not this time. Sweetheart, I'm going to introduce you to the delights of your prostate." She reached into her purse and pulled out a strange looking, phallic piece of silicone with a fat knob at the base. "It's called 'pegging' Jared but that's a silly term. It's really sodomy and that's what I'm going to do to you. Some other day you'll do me—among others. Now lift those legs up wide."

Even as he obeyed Jared protested, "But won't it hurt?"

"Lover," Melissa reassured him with a smile, "anything that hurts is being done wrong. Don't worry, I've done this many times and all my men love it."

She pushed the bulbous end of the dildo into her sex leaving the phallic end jutting aggressively up from her crotch. Once it was in place Melissa reached into her purse again and pulled out a plastic glove and a tube of lubricating gel. Snapping the glove onto her right hand she squeezed out a dollop onto the gloved fingertips. "First I have to get you all good and slippery," she began, "and then I'll massage those muscles until they relax. Once you're ready, I'll stick it to you. This afternoon you're my girlfriend, Jared, and you'll know why we women love being taken. Yes, lover," she said pushing the gel inside his anus and massaging the sphincter muscles, "I'm going to take you, make you mine and leave you with such a smile."

To the youth's amazement it did feel good, especially as Melissa stroked his turgid manhood with the other hand. He moaned softly.

"Oh, honey, you're a natural," Melissa crooned as she stretched him out with first two fingers and then three, "you relax beautifully. You're going to have to learn to do this, too, you know. Not all the women here are completely ready for sodomy right from the get go. I am but Karl has been doing it to me for years. Yes, I think you're ready. Lift that bottom high."

Discarding the glove but adding another dollop onto the tip of the dildo, Melissa raised herself over Jared's uplifted thighs and placing the tip of her cock at the opening of his ass she thrust forward with her hips and entered him, making him gasp. Leaning down she put her elbows on either side of his chest and looking deeply into his eyes whispered, "Wrap your arms and legs around me, Jared, and hold on tight. You're in for a ride!"

Decades of yoga had given Melissa the flexibility of a snake and the muscle tone of a panther. An adventurous girlhood and a long, open marriage had given her vast experience with men though she had to admit to herself that of all her lovers, it was the shy ones, the ones she had had to seduce she remembered best. How many men had lost their anal virginity to her collections of dildos would be hard to say. Certainly she didn't know or care. Mentally, Melissa chuckled. Time, a wide collection of 'wives' and experience would turn Jared to a strong, virile man but right now she was enjoying his acquiescence—and his helpless moans of pleasure!

"Darling Jared," she whispered, "I want you to start exploring the other women in our commune. Find one you want to spend most of your nights with. But during siesta time don't expect to be sleeping with her. That's the time to bond with everyone else. And Monday afternoons, you're mine. You are going to come to my room and spend some time as my girlfriend, Jared, because you love this and because I love doing this to you. All men should get pegged at least once a week. Now, cum for me!"

*****

After the evening meal, a still-somewhat-gobsmacked Jared took his coffee out onto the broad rear veranda of the dining hall and sat on the old-fashioned porch swing. As he sipped, Marli Van Peet wandered out and settled down next to him. She began to make the swing move in an easy, gentle fashion.

"It's good to see you hanging around after eating, Jared," she began, "instead of always rushing back to your computer."

Jared swallowed a mouthful of coffee. "Melissa made me turn it off. She told me to wait until tomorrow morning when some of the rest could help me with the program and she told me very pointedly to start being more social with everyone."

Marli snorted delicately. "And knowing Melissa, the next thing she told you was 'strip and lie down'."

Jared started. "She told you?"

Marli patted his shoulder. "No, but I know she did. She does it to all of us. I think it's her way of expressing dominance. She really is the most affectionate domme you could ask for. She never uses handcuffs, paddles, belts or any of that stuff but she makes sure everyone knows she's the boss and she does it with sex. So it's okay, you can tell Marli; did she put on her dildo and fuck you good and proper?"

Jared blushed and buried his face in his cup. "She did," he mumbled, "and she says I'm to come to her room every Monday after lunch so she can do it again."

Marli leaned over and hugged the young man around the shoulders. "Welcome to the club, hon. We all start out that way. I spent the first two months here getting done in her room on Monday afternoons. It was very educational."

"Educational?"

"Mm-hmm. I'd never been with another woman before and I have to admit I was reluctant, really reluctant. But she said that I was a wife in the group and that meant to her as well. So I swallowed, stripped and got in touch with my inner Lesbian. We girls really are a lot more sexually fluid than you guys, I found out. And speaking of wives, who are you sleeping with tonight?"

"Uh—no one. That was something else Melissa scolded me about. She said I needed to start looking for someone to spend most of my nights with."

"Have you asked anyone, yet?"

Jared blushed again and whispered, "No."

Marli reached over and took the cup from his hands, stood up and sat on Jared's lap. "Well then, why don't you come with me? I haven't got anyone special, yet, either."

*****

As they walked hand-in-hand around the building to the stairs leading up to Marli's room, the girl teasingly bumped Jared with her hip and grinned at him mischievously. His shyness and embarrassment ebbed as they climbed the stairs. This was more the way sex should go, at least according to his daydreams. 

Marli closed the door behind him and came into his arms. She nuzzled his neck and murmured, "Mmm—you smell good. You also smell like you got laid. I like that on a man!"

He pulled her close and leaned down to kiss her and was surprised at the passion of her response. When the kiss finally ended Marli giggled. "Jared, when you're hugging a wife you knead her butt—no, both hands. Yeah, like that." Then she pulled his face down and started sucking his lower lip, pressing her hips hard against his and grinding them on his swelling manhood.

"Well," she whispered at last, "these clothes aren't going to take themselves off, so you better get busy, husband dear."

His hands trembling with excitement, Jared began to unbutton Marli's blouse and immediately discovered that she favored front closing bras. Unfastening that and pushing both blouse and bra over the girl's shoulders he took her firm breasts in both hands and bounced them gently.

"Squeeze," she murmured, "and bite them. I like rough."

Jared commenced to nibble and knead and then to suck ferociously while his hands found their way down to Marli's waistband. As her slacks and panties fell to the floor, he stood up, grabbed her by the hips, lifted her easily and tossed her onto the bed. She squealed in delight and when he leaned over her, grabbed his hair and pulled his face between her thighs.

Her whole body carnation perfume filled his nose as he lathed her waxed sex with his tongue. As her clit swelled under his attention, he seized it between his lips and began to suck vaguely wondering whether Marli always wore scent like this or had she prepared for him well before she joined him on the porch. The question faded into oblivion as her labia began to swell as he licked and her juices started to run down his chin. At last she squeezed his head between her thighs, arched her back and began to buck and thrash while gasps and howls filled the air. It seemed to go on for a very long time before Marli finally released her grip on Jared's hair and fell back gasping.

"Oh, you devil, Jared!" she panted, "You may lack experience but, dude, you got talent." She scooted up farther onto the bed and put her head on the pillow. "Come here. Straddle my shoulders and lean against the headboard. I pride myself on my blowjobs and after that performance you deserve the best."

*****

The following morning several of the more technically inclined members did cluster around Jared's monitor and all expressed sympathetic understanding. The young man had indeed attempted something very difficult and while they were sure it would eventually work, it would take time to correct. So saying they all went to work and they were right. In fact it was late the following Monday morning before Jared could, with a sigh of relief, press the 'send' key and shoot the wretched program to his professor's email for evaluation confident that he had just nailed an 'A' in the class.

His happy contentment continued through the mid-day meal and as the commune members were getting up to leave Jared was contemplating celebrating with a second dessert when a warm body pressed against his back and strong hands began caressing his neck and shoulders. Then he remembered.

"Hello, sweetie," Melissa purred, "Marli says you've been a very good boy and Becky agrees. I'm glad you're starting to take more interest in the ladies. It gives me all the more motivation to do sexy, nasty things to you. So let's go back to my room. I've got lots of plans for the afternoon."

As they walked out the back and around to the women's quarters Melissa began to squeeze Jared's backside lasciviously. "Farm life had been good for you, sweetie, you're firming up nicely. Another six months to a year and you'll be all six-packed and studly looking—but that won't keep you from being my girlfriend whenever I want."

"Melissa, I'm not comfortable with being your girlfriend." Jared's sociologically trained mother had carefully raised him to be forthright but polite and it had always worked—before.

The matriarch opened her door, pushed her youngest husband through, and closed it firmly behind them. Then she grabbed him by the lapels of his shirt.

"Jared, every one of my husbands (except Konrad) is my girlfriend at one time or another. You don't get to be any different. If it makes you feel any better I'm also looking forward to the day when you work up the gumption to carry me off and ravish me. But right now you aren't strong enough to beat me in wrestling so you can't and that means I call the shots. Besides, you got off beautifully the last time I fucked you so don't tell me you don't like it."

"Well," Jared's voice wasn't a whine but it was plaintive, "yeah, it felt good but—but the whole idea is so—so undignified."

Melissa dope slapped him on the head. "Jared, my pretty, dignity and sex have nothing to do with each other. Now you are going to stand there nice and submissively while I strip you down. Then you're going to go take a shower while I watch. I want lots of suds and a thorough scrubbing. Once you're clean and dry—well there are so many possibilities I'm not sure where I'll start. Now hold still."

The older woman gestured in the direction of a stereo and soft Middle Eastern music began to play. First an oboe and a drum did rolling riffs together as she slowly, languorously unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it over his shoulders. She knelt down and unlaced his shoes and then unbuckled his belt.

"Eventually, you'll make me do this, sweetie, instead of being afraid of me. Not that I'm opposed to a little trepidation. A touch of anxiety adds spice to the bottom's acquiescence. That's why girl's like spankings, I suspect. Did you spank either Marli or Becky?"

A mandolin started a faster melody as Melissa unfastened Jared's trousers and wiggled them down his legs.

"No," he answered, "I never hurt anyone or anything."

In spite of his protests, when Melissa pulled Jared's boxers down, his cock sprang to half attention. It made Melissa smile. She leaned forward and ran her tongue around the helmet and kissed the end then pulled his pants down to his ankles.

"Step out." She commanded and once he was completely naked began to run her hands all over him squeezing, fondling and very definitely arousing. Standing behind him she reached around and slowly stroked his hardening manhood while running an impertinent finger down between his buttocks and slowly rimming his anus. "Now as I said. Lots of suds and plenty of scrubbing. I'm going to enjoy this."

Soaping himself under the hot water Jared looked out of the enclosure to see Melissa slowly unbuttoning her long shirt dress. As it opened under her fingers it became obvious that she wore nothing beneath it. The sight was intensely erotic. This makes no sense; he said to himself, she's at least old enough to be my mother and probably old enough to be my grandmother. Yes, she's really fit and trim but why am I so turned on by a woman that much older than I am? However, there was no denying that he was stiffer and harder than ever. She smiled at his reaction and strolled over to her dresser and looking coyly at him over her shoulder withdrew a Realdoe Classic. She kissed it and then licked the bulb before slipping it inside leaving the phallic end jutting out and up.

"This is the number two size, darling," she said with a leer, "It's a bit bigger than the one I used last time but there are still two more that are bigger than this. It won't take long before you get used to the biggest one, my pretty; I'll make sure of that. Do you know how luscious you look, all covered with soap? I really ought to video this so you can see but I won't—this time. Now you get all rinsed and dried off, Jared."

She led him by the hand to the bed and took out a length of rope from the nightstand. "Are you sleeping with Marli, tonight?"

"Uh, yeah?"

"Splendid. So tonight you're going to do to her just what I'm going to do to you. Today you're my little chickadee and tonight she'll be yours. She loves this game."

"Game?" Jared didn't know why he didn't protest as Melissa tied one of his wrists to the headboard.

"Game!" Melissa replied. "It's a game called 'I'm the boss'." She went around to the other side of the bed and pulled his other wrist over and tied it fast. Now Jared was sprawled face down across the mattress. "Spread your legs—wide. Now bend the knees and arch your back. Show me how much you want this."
