 At 10:30 in the morning, Kyle McAdams was feeling rather pleased with himself. He'd gotten up at dawn, run a 10K, showered, eaten breakfast, updated the commune's business plan and even made his rats' nest office/spare bedroom neat and tidy. He was taking a long, satisfied look around it when he heard Melissa Koenig's voice through the open door.

"My, aren't you the industrious little junior husband this morning!" She slid her hand into the back pocket of his jeans and gave a squeeze. "And now that you've accomplished so much it's time for some rowdy play!"

A black hood was snapped down over Kyle's head and strong hands grabbed wrists and pulled them behind him. With a snarl, the young man twisted out of the grasp and ripped the hood off.

"Now cut that out! You know I don't like that sort of thing so knock off the femdom crap." His jaw was set and there was fire in his eyes.

Melissa straightened up and looked at her co-wife, Angela Phillips. "Really?" she said coldly and folded her arms across her chest, "I seem to recall occasions when you felt quite differently."

"Yeah," Kyle snapped, "when you had me all doped up on Angela's assorted chemicals. But I don't like being manipulated chemically any better than I like being 'subdued'. And don't get started on public vs. private behavior, either. I don't like getting it and I don't like doing it."

Melissa began to tap her foot ominously and that made Kyle swallow nervously. The woman was the matriarch of the commune, after all, and while normally as benevolent as one could wish, she did have a temper. He wondered if he's just crossed a line in the sand.

"Sit down, Kyle, and cool off. I think it's time we had a talk."

Kyle hesitated and then almost meekly settled into his computer chair. Melissa shook her head, ran her fingers caressingly through his hair and sat on his lap while Angela leaned over the chair back and massaged his shoulders.

"Kyle, honey," Melissa began, "you are far too young to be getting stuffy and prim. Like Angela has said more than once, you are proud and touchy and we understand that—but it doesn't excuse you being a humorless poop. The women who have joined this commune, your wives, Kyle, are a take-charge, independent lot. And we know that you find that attractive. That's why you followed Freddi and joined. However, we like excitement and you, dear, are not being exciting. We find that sad and disappointing."

"Exactly," Angela continued the thread, "You take your farm duties, both physical and financial, very seriously. It shows up on the bottom line and we respect you for it. You are, for one so young, just the most wonderfully, serious daddy. Not only to your own children but to all the kiddies here and we adore you for it. However, you also take sex way too seriously and that's just silly. Instead, you need to be more silly about it."

"Right," Melissa interjected, "Night time sex with Freddi is quite fine when it's all romantic and loving but during the day? Nuh-uh! You are trying to ride two high horses, here, junior husband. You're being too touchy to get played with and too proud to play and you need to get over it. I know for a fact that there is a thick layer of leaves on the path to the men's lair and a film of dust inside. That tells me that you aren't alone and we women are just a bit hurt"

"Hurt?" Kyle knew he was in trouble now.

"Hurt! What does it say about our desirability when none of you want to sweep us up and haul us away to be ravished? Hmmm?"

"I—I never thought of it that way."

"We know. And now that you have you should get over this not wanting to be carried off and used. It really is a compliment, Kyle."

Kyle was nonplussed. He had always prided himself on his combination of old-fashioned chivalry and modern progressive thought. He thought it gave him a proper outlook towards women in general and the other members of The Commune, in particular. When the women suggested that the men build a lair and occasionally abduct one of the wives there, he's resisted though he'd helped with the construction. However, he hadn't ever put it to use and the only time he'd allowed himself to be kidnapped had been under the influence of Angela's Surrenderone and Vigorilla. Some very unhappy relationships before he met Freddi had given him what he was now being told was an over-developed sense of his own dignity. Could he be wrong?

"But I like being orderly and . . ."

"And stuffy!" Melissa was back to her matriarch mode again. "Your wives want play and excitement along with all the love and respect and it is time you loosened up. Now, Angela and I are going to tie you up, put the hood over your head and carry you off to the women's lair. We are going to dose you up with Vigorilla (and maybe some Surrenderone) and play with you. Today you are the sex object, Kyle; lay back and enjoy it."

Kyle decided that his only option was a resigned grin so when Melissa got off his lap he stood up and put his hands behind his back. With practiced ease, the older woman bound his wrists together while Angela once more popped the hood over his head and tightened the drawstring. To his surprise they then dropped his trousers. He felt the sharp sting of a hypodermic needle before the pants came back up and he was lead outside.

The last time Melissa had carried him off he'd sat on the back of a quad runner but this time he began to feel woozy and dizzy. Angela must have been playing around in her lab again because he'd never experienced these sensations before. One of the women grabbed his shoulders and pulled him back as the other picked up his feet. They slung him gently into what felt like the back of a carriage. Yep, it was a carriage because as it began to move he heard hoof beats just before he faded to black. 

*****

Kyle woke up in the women's yurt cuffed to a St. Andrew's cross naked with a raging hard-on. There seemed to be no residual effect from whatever sedative they'd given him so he was fully awake and sharply aware of his surroundings. Incense smoke drifted across the room and brightly colored yard tufts hung from the rafters. Melissa and Angela were both naked, collared and on their knees before him with clippers, lather and a safety razor.

Melissa quickly buzzed off the mat of hair around his genitals and covered the stubble in warm foam. "We're shaving you, young master," she said, "because smooth skin is so much nicer on the tongue."

"M-master?"

"Indeed," Angela agreed, "today we exist only to serve and to worship. We will take our delight in the delight we give you and then you will take yours in me."

Melissa's hand was deft and in seconds his crotch was as smooth as his eyelids. A gentle antiseptic left him feeling freshened and tingling and then the women moved closer. Either of them could have been his mother in age. For that matter, if she'd started early enough, Melissa could have been his grandmother but years of yoga had kept both of them slim and desirable. Even two children hadn't turned Angela matronly and their sexual expertise was evident. Lips, cheeks, tongues and throats stroked, swallowed, teased, tantalized and delighted Kyles manhood parts. He moaned his appreciation and heard them chuckle softly in response. Always keeping him near the edge but never letting him over, they worshiped. 

At long last they smoothly rose to their feet and with soft hands as well as practiced mouths stroked and fondled him the rest of his body. "And now," Melissa whispered, "It's your turn."

She and Angela unfolded a padded stand with cuffs attached to the legs near the floor. Angela stepped delicately into the cuffs and Melissa fastened them around her ankle. Then she bent over and put her wrists into a matching pair on the other side leaving her open and accessible. 

"She's yours," Melissa whispered, "Tongue first then have her as you will. Enjoy, young husband." She released him, picked up her clothes and left the yurt.

Bare, smooth, swollen, pink and inviting, Angela's sex was irresistible to Kyle. He knelt behind her and slowly ran his tongue from clit to anus, wiggling it back and forth as he went. She sighed and then moaned. Taking a firm buttock in each hand, Kyle plunged his face in, his tongue a writhing snake of desire and passion. Soon the woman was not just wet from her own juices but from Kyle's saliva. She whimpered and chirped, muttered and cursed as he drove her from one orgasm to the next. At last, his own need reaching a peak, Kyle stood up and took each of Angela's hips in a hand and drove within her with a grunt. He reached forward with one hand and grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled as he began to pound her. Fast and furious he thrust, striving to reach climax over the barrier of his own bar-like turgidity. The growling in his throat did a basso duet to Angela's squeaks and wails that went on and on until finally with a howl he filled her, shooting cum again and again until, at last, he staggered back panting. As Angela dripped, Kyle stumbled around and released her then flopped back on the central bed. His lover smiled down at him, cleaned up and then climbed up next to him and lay her head on his chest.

"Young master, indeed, junior husband. You were heroic."

"I—I thought you two wanted to peg me or something. I didn't realize getting kidnapped included things like this."

"Oh, we do and we will now and again. But why get fixed on one thing? That's what the whole idea is, Kyle, surprise and play. You will never know what your wives have in mind when the hood goes over your head. Just know that it won't ever be nasty or humiliating or anything but rowdy, sweaty, sexy fun. Now we take a nap and then we take a stroll over to the cave. And yes, we know very well where it is just as you know where this is. Games, remember? Melissa has some new toys for the lair you need to know about."

*****

Kyle pulled open the heavy oak door to the entrance of the men's lair, a natural cave in the side of the mountain. Inside it was cool and dimly lit with flickering oil lamps. More incense wafted through the damp, moist air and a bubbling spring at one side was the source for the creek that flowed across the commune's farm. A large four poster bed occupied pride of place in the center and in its center Melissa sat, naked, combing her long silver hair. Next to her was Marli Van Peet well trussed up in an elaborate rope harness that encircled her breasts, ran up between her labia and held her arms tightly behind her back. In addition, her ankles were tied together.

"Hello again, darling," Melissa said brightly, "I hope you're well rested? Good, because now we need to discuss your side of rough play. And we'll do it with Marli, here—after you get naked, of course."

Before Kyle could respond, Angela reached around him from behind and began stripping off his shirt. She unbuckled his belt and dropping the zipper slid his jeans down over his hips revealing his smooth, commando-ed body to an appreciative Marli. Then she fondled his package gently getting a rise out of his cock.

"The scenario works like this, Kyle," Melissa explained, "you and some other lusty, horny sort like Angus, Carlo, me or whoever have snatched Marli from whatever she was doing. She's spent the trip here wondering excitedly what you plan on doing to her and now you are about to reveal all."

The older woman went over to the side of the cave and released the lines that lowered a large hook from the ceiling. She then squatted down gracefully and lifted an ornately decorated chest from the floor and handed it to Angela. Opening the lid, she began to show Kyle its contents.

"First," she began, "we have this lovely pair of soft leather cuffs with the short chain between them. It goes over the hook which you then use to pull the poor dear's arms up over her head. Once she's stretched and helpless (and probably wet and excited already) you start with the small, torturous delights." 

Melissa withdrew a flat box from the chest and lifted the lid. Inside its velvet lined interior were a collection of small, dangly items that looked as though they should be hung from nipples.

"A couple of these are just vibrators," Melissa explained, "very mild but quite stimulating. However, these" she held up several sets that looked totally innocent, "are not. They give small electric shocks. Nothing painful, of course, but quite startling given that they fire at random. You can attach them to nipples or labia or, if you feel particularly fiendish, to an engorged clitoris. I love doing that, don't I Angela? And, yes, we do have male versions when the time comes, Kyle. I'm sure you will find them extremely stimulating." 

There were butt plugs with furry tails, suspicious squeeze bottles, a ball gag or two and several leather harnesses that showed every evidence of being capable of tightening in all manner of odd ways. The last item to be withdrawn was a cat-o-nine-tails. Melissa flicked it back and forth.

"Notice how light it is," she explained to Kyle, "and how delicate the touch." She flicked it across his arm. "Why, you can use this on all parts of the woman's body, even the most tender and intimate parts without causing any real distress. However, it is stimulating, isn't it, Angela? Now what we want, darling, is for you to take little Marli here and give her a good working over. We'll coach you through it and Marli will definitely let you know if anything gets outside her comfort level. However, you do need to learn how to properly dominate a willing lady, Kyle, just as you need to learn how to submit to an aggressively horny one. Understand?"

Kyle was having a hard time paying attention to Melissa's lecture. Between Marli squirming alluringly in her bonds and Angela's hands running all over his now-smooth body Kyle was entirely too distracted. But he nodded. Perhaps the matriarch would demonstrate on her 'victim' letting he and Angela continue with their 'entertainment'. No, it turned out, she wouldn't.

"Now, pick her up and get started. Come on, Kyle, get with the program!" Impatience crept into Melissa's voice.

Marli's eye sparkled and she winked at Kyle. She stuck out the tip of her tongue and shimmied making her bound breasts bounce slightly. "Yeah, Kyle," she giggled, "get with the program."

Kyle lifted her easily off the bed and set her on the floor. He pulled down the hook and slipped it between her wrists then hauled up on the lines pulling Marli to her feet. 

"Not too far, Kyle," Melissa admonished, "she needs to be supported by her feet. Dangling for any length of time from her wrists is dangerous."

Marli wiggled her butt and gave Kyle a saucy look. "Gonna feel me up?" she asked over her shoulder.

Kyle had to admit to himself that she made a tempting package. He pulled himself against her back and took a breast in each hand and began to massage.

"Ooo!" Marli exclaimed and wiggled some more.

After spending some time in this delightful occupation, Kyle spread his attention to her belly, the moist place between her thighs and her firm buttocks. He looked up to see Melissa doing much the same thing to Angela. "You guys need to install another hook," the matriarch muttered, "I can see where it will be even more fun to see you tormenting another woman at the same time we're getting afflicted. Put your hands on your head, Angie, it's time for some toys."

Angela took a deep breath and hummed in anticipation. She liked excitement and was just as happy getting it from another woman than from a man. "Something electric?" she asked.

"Something electric, indeed," Melissa chortled, "Here, Kyle, like this." She pulled four small, dangly devices with flat alligator clips. She pinched each of Angela's nipples with them and then, a mischievous grin on her face, clipped the other two to the woman's labia. The small batteries and the microchips began to fire randomly making Angela squeak and twitch.

"Ooo," she giggled, "Melissa's right, Kyle, you guys need to rig up some more hooks. This would be even more fun if I really couldn't take them off. Quick, put some on Marli! And then take the cat to her. Mel, spank me?"

Marli's eyes widened as Kyle reached for a similar set. As the clip approached her right nipple she tried to lean away but with her arms held tightly over her head there was only so far she could go and the ominous little device was soon squeezing tight. Then came the other and as they began their fiendish work she twisted and writhed.

"Don't just stand there, Kyle," Melissa chided, "put the other two on. These don't hurt; they just tingle strongly."

As Kyle opened a clip and reached for Marli's sex she whimpered, "No, Kyle, not there!"

Kyle hesitated. Still, 'no' was not a safe word so figuring this was more play he took a clip in each hand and with a menacing grin put them both on at once. Now Marli really began to twist and squirm. Her whimpers and moans and bouncing flesh really got Kyle's attention. He was considering just sticking it to her when Melissa put the light flogger in his hand. 

"Give her a quick once over, baby," Melissa whispered with a grin, "then take her for all you're worth."

*****

A month later thunderstorms pounded the farm giving all the members time and an excellent excuse to catch up on their reading—or whatever. Kyle had gone to a country auction the Saturday before and had come home with some useful horse-drawn equipment, some decorative old hand tools and a mysterious box. After applying a pry bar to the lid Kyle discovered an entire set of first edition P.G. Wodehouse comic novels in VG condition and set out to read them all in order. By the time he was halfway through Psmith in the City he was so engrossed, chortling and guffawing, that he didn't notice when Freddi poured a small vial into his coffee.

"Oh my gawd," Wendy whispered to Freddi, "he's going to drink it all and have no clue."

"Yup," Lara agreed, "Fifteen minutes and he's ours."

"Why not?" Freddi asked, "What's the point of having a whole commune full of wives if you can't get chick-banged now and again. Good ol' Vigorilla and Surrenderone, he's gonna love this."

Right on schedule Kyle began to feel kind of—strange. He kept losing his place in the book so he stuck a slip of paper between pages eighty-eight and eighty-nine and set it aside. He was starting to get horny and lazy at the same time when Freddi and Lara both came up behind him and started nibbling his ears and neck.

"Hi, baby," Lara breathed, "feeling all hot, soft and compliant? Dose of Surrenderone having an effect on you? Vigorilla making you horny?"

"What?" Kyle figured he should be indignant but he knew the effects of the drug wouldn't let him be upset. It was more fun to just go with the flow and let them have their way with him. Besides, Melissa had told him not to be such so stuffy and prim, to not be a poop when the ladies wanted to have fun. "But I haven't had any," he protested dreamily.

"No," Freddi murmured, "you just don't remember taking any. I put it in your coffee while you were distracted and now the three of us are taking you back to my room. Thomas Kyle is playing with the other toddlers so we have all the time we want."

"That's cheating," Kyle protested feebly, "at least you could have asked me."

"Matriarchy, remember?" Wendy reminded him, "And you were warned that we liked to chemically play with each other's libidos when you joined. Now accept your fate like a good junior husband and come with us. We have all kinds of plans for you and now that you're 'under the influence', as it were, you know you'll enjoy them."

Under the influence, indeed. As the women pulled him up out of his chair and clung to his arms, nuzzling his shoulders as they walked, Kyle felt increasingly amiable and hornier than a three-balled tomcat. A thought occurred to him.
