 Melissa Koenig, CEO of the Gaian Commune Farm and Industries, Inc., poured her guest a cup of coffee while secretly admiring the woman's mature curves beneath her Parisian cashmere sweater. "Given your niece's interest in biomimetic chemistry it makes perfect sense for her to want to attend the local university, especially since she specifically asked for Angela Phillips to be her academic advisor and mentor. However, I want to make sure she understands the difference between simply attending college here and applying to join our commune. She does realize that we are an omnigamy and that being a member means that she is married to everyone else in the group, does she not?"

Cynthia Van der Meer took a sip, smiled, and then nodded. "Oh yes. Though since her parents were killed she has spent her whole life in girls' schools, she hasn't been kept from knowing the ways of the world—at least in theory. Innocence is difficult to preserve in a world of cell phones, the Internet and Wi-Fi. And Willow is looking forward to an, shall we say, active sex life? Especially since all manner of hanky-panky is condoned so long as it is within your group setting?"

"Not just hanky-panky but spanky, and plenty of that, to be truthful," Melissa tasted her coffee, made a face and added more honey. "Well, Angela has counseled her about such things as IUD's and other forms of birth control and has discussed possible directions for undergraduate research. Willow is really a bright little thing and seems quite ambitiously focused. I suspect that after a three-month probationary membership she'll be fully accepted. However, there is the question of that rather large inheritance she's supposed to come into when she reaches twenty-one. As you well know Vigorilla has given the Commune a very healthy portfolio and young Kyle's master plan for the farm has proven profitable from the outset so we neither have nor want any access to Willow's money."

"And she won't have much use for it there, either," Ms. Van der Meer agreed, "My guess is that when she gets access to it she'll probably use it to fund her graduate studies and eventually her own research but since such decisions are three years away . . ."

"At least," Melissa cast one more surreptitiously longing glance at Cynthia's full sweater before putting her cup down and rising to her feet. "How large a van of personal effects is Willow bringing? New members' rooms are studio apartments, after all. You only get bigger quarters when you start having children."

"Well, the girl bought a vintage VW microbus and had it fully reconditioned during her last year at Wycombe Abbey," Cynthia answered as she, too, rose to leave, "and she hasn't asked her uncle or me for any help so I'm guessing that everything she intends to bring will fit inside it. That's a surprise, actually, because I would have thought her collection of stuffed animals would take up more space than that. Perhaps she has finally outgrown them."

*****

Willow buttoned the last, snug, fastening on her bib overalls and contemplated herself in the mirror. Being a 'rich bitch' had its advantages, she ruefully admitted to herself, if only because it insured that her clothes were top quality and perfectly fitting. Japanese denim overalls, (tailored), with a bit of cleavage showing over the bib and some side boob on the edges, Russell Zephyr moccasins on her feet, a big straw hat and a pair of designer sunglasses and she was ready to go for an early September tour of the farm with the Matriarch. She looked once more around her new home. Down-sizing had been a challenge, especially given that back in Wycombe Abbey she'd had an entire bed covered in stuffed animals besides the one she slept on, but somehow where she lived now looked more like an American college student's room and less like a princess's from a patrician family. That was a good thing, she thought. Pretensions would have to go. This was a working farm full of genuine academics who wouldn't be the least impressed by her money. Hopefully they would be impressed by her brains—and her slim little body, of course. Sexual dreams had become awfully frequent over the last few years. It would be nice to live some of them now that she was a 'respectable, married woman' even if it meant she had over a dozen husbands and almost two dozen wives!

Willow walked out her door and into the arms of Melissa who pulled her in tight, kissed her forehead and gave her bottom a fond squeeze. "Hello, junior wife," the Matriarch grinned, "don't you look cute and desirable this morning!"

"Um, good morning, Matriarch. I—I really hope so. I really want to be married to everyone and hope I don't turn any of my new spouses off." Willow blushed furiously at her own brazenness. 

"Fear not, Willow dear, you will be a woman by morning. Your virginity is doomed, thank goodness, the family will see to that. Now come along and start meeting people."

Willow wasn't sure whether it was because she was new or because it was just their normal behavior but the Commune folks were very big on kissing, and not just the peck-on-the-cheek kind, either. Even toddlers, when picked up and held close to her face, planted sloppy, wet, open-mouth baby kisses and hugged her around the neck. Being unused to much bottom fondling, all this attention left Willow a bit breathless and feeling very warm. Women winked at her and men hinted that they weren't particularly occupied after lunch or that evening so the newest wife began to really believe that she might just be as desirable as she hoped. Years in a British girls' school full of aristocratic and plutocratic daughters of the world's movers and shakers hadn't done a lot for her self-esteem. Even taking into account the built-in rivalry of teenage girls, it hadn't been easy for her.

As they approached the dining hall for lunch Melissa smiled benignly at her newest wife. "You're blushing, Willow. Erotic excitement getting to you?"

"It—I guess it is! Everyone keeps squeezing my bum and it's making me really hot and wet. So do I just pick some guy at random and invite him up to my room or . . ."

"Or you wait for someone to invite you. Normally that would be me but since it's Monday I always have a siesta date with Jared. At least I have for the last year or so. It could be changed, you know."

"Ooo, Jared. He's really cute."

"He is. And very sweet and adorably subordinate, most of the time."

"Most of the time? What do you mean?"

Melissa laughed heartily. "Most of the time he's my good little girlfriend but every now and again he gets testosterone rebellion and jumps my bones. It's delicious."

"Girlfriend?"

"Mm-hmm. He's the most junior husband and though he's getting better, he's been very shy around women. So I seduced him, somewhat forcibly. Basically I pulled rank on him, being both the Matriarch and old enough to be his mother—maybe grandmother. And as I said he's adorably subordinate so when I broke out the Real-doe and the KY jelly he protested mildly but let me peg him good and proper. Once he found out how good that feels, I told him that from now on he was my Monday afternoon girlfriend and that I expected him to show up each week for another session. He meekly agreed—most of the time. Every now and again he grabs me and throws me down on the bed and gets all cave man on me. I love it. Marli was his main squeeze for a while but now he's sort of drifting from one wife to the next and Marli is doing the same with the men."

"He's shy? I guess that means I shouldn't wait for him to proposition me? If I want him, I should invite him up to my room?" Willow bit her lower lip. She wasn't sure she was ready to be that forward, yet.

"Oh, not necessarily. As I said, Jared is sweet and subordinate. He'll be waiting at my door after lunch. You just come along and we'll have a happy little threesome. Then you can take him home and do it again. At his and your ages you should be having sex at least daily and twice is better. Yes, that's a fine idea. Let's go eat."

*****

Even though Jared knew that everyone in the commune knew that after lunch on Monday he was Melissa's 'girlfriend', he made a point to not sit near her at lunch. For reasons he couldn't explain, though he found the role exciting, pleasurable and comfortable while he was playing it, socially he was less sanguine about the whole thing. And Melissa, wise matriarch that she was, didn't insist. So it came as a complete surprise to him that when he went to her suite to wait for her he saw two women approaching. Melissa was bringing Willow with her? What did this mean? Surely he wasn't being replaced . . .

"Darling," Melissa called out as she climbed the stairs, "we're going to change things, just this once. Willow has the hots for you but she's still a virgin so I'm going to 'facilitate' things, just this once. After all who has more experience despoiling virgins than me, eh?"

The older woman chuckled as both her youngest spouses blushed beet red as she shooed them inside and locked the door behind her. "What chemical wizardry have you taken, Jared?" she asked gently.

"Didn't take any," the youngest husband mumbled, "I didn't think I'd need any just playing the girl."

Melissa stroked his clean shaven face lovingly. "You're right. And neither has Willow and I think that's just fine. Let's keep this as natural as possible for her first time. The play can get more sophisticated in the coming days but for now we'll just let Nature take her course—with a little help from Mama Melissa, that is. Now both of you undress and get into bed with each other and I'll join you when I think it's appropriate."

"Join us?" Both Willow and Jared looked apprehensive.

"Yes, dears, I'll join you some way. How, I haven't decided. Now out of those clothes, you two, and between the sheets. I promised Willow she'd be made a woman before dawn, Jared, and you're the one she wants to do it."

Jared watched with interested expectation as Willow unzipped her boots, slipped out of her socks and undid the bib overalls revealing a newly shaved and moisturized young body. She wiggled out of her thong and then climbed into Melissa's bed looking up eagerly at her new lover.

Jared smiled broadly. Monday 'siestas' he was normally in the girl's role but he was well versed in the man's so with half-closed eyes he undressed revealing his rapidly swelling phallus. Willow licked her lips and skooched into a more receptive position.

Melissa watched them move into each other's arms, saw the kissing go from eager to passionate, saw Jared slide down beneath the sheets nibbling, kissing and licking his way to Willow's maidenhood. She heard the girl gasp, chirp and moan in happy expectation and, with a smile, nodded to herself. A selection of experienced lovers had made Jared, despite his very junior status and relatively youth, all that a girl on the cusp of womanhood could desire in a 'maker'. Quietly the matriarch let herself out of the room. 'Appropriate' timing in joining the young couple was her call and today wasn't appropriate. Better to let them get well-acquainted with each other's bodies without any interference, Melissa thought as she closed the door behind her.

Walking to the next unit, she leaned against the door and hearing no passionate cries or moans from within, knocked gently. Angela Phillips, her second-in-command and the intellectual source of the Commune's considerable wealth opened the door and blinked in surprise.

"What? It's Monday and you're not pegging Jared?"

Melissa smiled slyly. "I left him in bed with Willow. He's the closest to her age and I thought he'd be the perfect first lover for her. It seemed to be working when I left."

Angela grinned broadly as she welcomed the Matriarch in, "Good choice. He's gotten quite expert, hasn't he, for a kid so shy he tried to avoid all of us for the first month? But I'm glad you stopped by. I've got a new toy."

Angela opened her dresser and took out a silicone dildo but one that Melissa had never seen the like of. Like a Share or a Feeldoe it had a vaginal bulb attached to its phallus but behind the bulb was a butt plug molded into the structure. The Matriarch held it wonderingly, turning it one way and then the other.

"My sister Aetherea married a bi-guy German. He's fascinated with our 'arrangements' here so they sent me this. It's called a Triple Treat. You can't get then in North America, yet, so this is probably unique. Oskar thinks you, Konrad and me could have lots of fun with it," Angela explained, "though Aethie says he daydreams of coming to visit and seducing Konni. I told her that would happen when Hell froze over. The closest he could come would be getting our guy to share one of us. How did that go with Kyle, by the way?"

"Beautifully," Melissa answered absently, "I blew Konrad while Kyle fucked me. I made them promise to switch places next time." She continued to inspect the amazing toy.

Angela gently took it from her while starting to unbutton her partner's blouse with the other hand. "I can see you're interested. Wanna give it a test drive?'

Melissa smiled in return as her clothes fell away, "Do I ever! You go first and we'll trade places tomorrow. We may have to see if we can get the North America exclusive license for this. I can see it as a logical pairing with putting Surrenderone in Hubby's Saturday morning coffee. Women all over America will throw money at us for it."

Once Angela had Melissa naked she pulled her close. After prolonged kissing and mutual fondling, she grasped the older woman by the hips and turned her around, pushed her to an overstuffed arm chair and bent her over it.

"I want to see you put that in," Melissa said quietly, "the anticipation is making me quiver."

Angela walked around to where Melissa could watch her and undressed slowly, teasingly. She took the vaginal bulb in her mouth and covered it liberally with saliva and then squeezed a glob of KY jelly on the butt plug. She smeared it around with sensuous slowness and then spreading her legs and, taking a deep breath, pressed both protuberances inside.

"Uh! That's a pretty big plug," she commented. The phallus jutted aggressively up and forward. "And it's a tight fit. No slipping around or out with this one. I could probably go all morning on some guy—or gal, of course. Now, darling, how ready are you?"

"Just put a spot of lube on and shove it in. Force me. I haven't felt this submissive in ages."

Not for the first time Angela wondered to herself whether her decision to go 'bi' wasn't influenced by the fact that silicone never gets tired or goes soft. And the impetus for developing Vigorilla was definitely due to Konrad's declining virility as he aged. It had most assuredly worked but even the younger men eventually became tired. Silicone never did and so it was with total confidence that both of them would be satisfied this afternoon that she drove the big dong into her lover's sex and began to thrust.

*****

The two matriarchs were sitting cuddled together in the commons when Willow and Jared finally made their appearance. From the look of them, Willow's entrance into womanhood had been prolonged and thorough. Her eyes sparkled and her smile seemed unstoppable. Jared was young but he'd been well trained over the last year and, as predicted, he'd been everything a hot pantied virgin could want. Melissa nodded and smiled in approval.

"You didn't join us," Willow said meekly.

"I said I would when it was appropriate," Melissa replied with a wink, "Your first time wasn't appropriate. I know my 'girlfriend' when he's at his most virile. He didn't need any help and you didn't need any distraction. There will be plenty of other opportunities. Why, in time, I suspect that both of you will ambush me for degenerate delights. I'm looking forward to it. Now off you go, sweethearts. We older ladies are still recovering."

When the young couple had left Melissa turned to her wife. "I think Willow is why I was feeling submissive today. She was so eager but so innocent. It reminded me of the first time Konrad took me to bed. He wasn't my first lover but he was far and away the best. That's why I set my sights on him. And I'm glad I did. Even though we couldn't have children together, his students at the college and mine at the ashram became our family. And then you showed up! Running the commune seems perfectly natural to me but every now and again I need that eager acquiescence I felt years ago. Thank-you, darling. It was great. And tomorrow I'll return the favor.

*****

The seasons turned, autumn to winter and winter to spring and finally it was June again. Kyle was sitting on the porch lolling around in a big Adirondack chair when he began to feel the odd combination of languid and horny that he recognized only too well. He looked down into the empty coffee cup on his lap. 

"Damn!" he muttered, "why can't the women just let me know when they want to fuck?"

"Because it's so much fun to overpower you, alpha male husband," Freddi's voice came over his shoulder, "Do notice that we don't do it very often in sympathy for your feelings?" She ran her fingers through his shaggy mop of hair. "You've come a long way, Kyle, since I first set out to get you but you're still a bit touchy and we know it. So we only play chemical welfare with you now and again. Now, come along. Wendy and Lara are waiting. It's breeding season, alpha male, and time you knocked someone up. I'm thinking along the same lines myself. Thomas Kyle is two so it's time for me to get kindled again. But the other two come first. Come on, up you get."

Fully aware that his compliance was chemically induced but totally unable to do anything about it, Kyle amiably let himself be led by his number one wife back into the main house and up the stairs to Lara's apartment. It felt warm and pleasant having Freddi cling to his arm as she pulled him along though down in the dark depths of his brain a tiny kernel of resentment did its feeble best to resist being happy.

"I haven't decided whose baby to have next," Freddi confided in a quiet voice, "Thomas Kyle is just as adorable as you are but you're going to sire quite a brood so I'm thinking of going with someone else. Or maybe I'll just drop my birth control and have fun until one of you guys get to me."

It sounded like a good idea to Kyle, though he knew that right now any idea would sound good. "How about Konrad?" he mumbled dreamily, "Jakob is his only kid and his brain really needs its DNA carried forward."

"What a good idea! And thank-you for approving your first wife's being planted by another man. It's so sweet of you."

"I do live in a matriarchy and know that whatever you women decide is what happens. If I couldn't deal with it, I wouldn't be here." Kyle kept trying to speak clearly but his words slurred slightly and he felt more like humming than talking. Surrenderone was strange stuff and when they mixed it with Vigorilla the sensations were just weird.

"Well," Freddi said with a grin, "Melissa did say that the two of you ganged up on her. You could gang up on me? At least once Lara's preggers."

"We ganged up on her because she insisted. I don't think I could do it without the Vigorilla. Being in the same bed with another naked man is a little off-putting otherwise."

"Then I'll just make sure you're both well dosed up." Freddi seemed to have come to a conclusion. "I'll tell Melissa our plans and she'll see to it that Konni is in place and on time."

Kyle wasn't sure how the plans had suddenly become 'ours' but before he could comment Freddi pushed open a door and guided him through. There, on a cushion on the floor, a naked Wendy sat cross-legged with Lara on her lap. Arms around each other, they were breathing heavily in tandem. It was obvious Wendy was wearing some sort of dildo and that Lara was riding it for all she was worth. If he'd been horny before, the sight really got Kyle's attention and his manhood leapt to attention.
