 The monthly board meeting of the Gaian Commune Farm and Industries was drawing to a close. Finances were excellent, additional members (both recruited and newborn) were approved, Kyle's recommendation for a trial run of black soldier fly production drew especial interest.

"These things eat almost any organic material?" Sylvia expressed skepticism.

"That's what Kyle says," Melissa replied from her seat as CEO and Matriarch, "and when it comes to agricultural matters he hasn't been wrong yet."

"So we feed crop residue to the larvae until they're ready to pupate? Then we roast and press them into oil and meal that we feed to the free-range chickens and pastured hogs? The larvae's droppings go onto the soil along with the chicken, sheep and hog manure which feed the crops? Crop residue and meat scraps to back to the larvae—this is nearly a closed loop, isn't it?" Angela Phillips was intrigued, "I suppose I should know about this but it's a long way from spiders so it somehow got past me. Talk about sustainable agriculture!"

"And any leftovers in the way of cheese making goes to the hogs so they get a very well-balanced, omnivorous diet just the way pigs evolved. And feeding them forest mast makes for such succulent pork . . ." Melissa's eyes turned dreamy at the thought, especially since she knew that roast pork belly was on the menu for lunch that day.

"I move to call the question," Sassy interjected.

"Second."

"The question has been moved and seconded. All in favor?"

"AYE."

"Is there any discussion?" Melissa looked around the big table.

"All he's asking for is permission to experiment and some modest funding to do it with. It isn't like we have any shortage of money, after all." Angela knew better than anyone why they had so much money. Her inventions of Vigorilla and Surrenderone (for women) had taken the world by storm. Erectile deficiency and lack of libido as medical issues had simply dissipated like mist before them and the licensing revenue to the Commune was immense.

Heads nodded at her words and then, looking up at Melissa shook 'no'.

"All in favor?"

"AYE."

"Now, before I entertain a motion to adjourn there seems to be a bit of a minor personal matter that has been brought to my attention. Willow wants some help."

Angela sighed. "This is about Oliver and Jared, isn't it?"

"It is. She very much wants a threesome with them and neither is showing any enthusiasm for the idea at all. Jared loves having sex with her during siesta time and Oliver has her quite vigorously at night but they aren't the least bit interested in being in her at the same time." Melissa shook her head pityingly.

Sylvia looked quizzical. "Is this another 'liberal middle-class male' thing? Men who can't bring themselves to playfully rough sex because its 'incorrect'?"

"I don't think so," Melissa answered, "My personal guess is that both of them are still really boys and too shy and insecure to get naked with each other. It isn't like a locker room. They could accept that. It's getting naked with a woman they both love and are just a bit jealous over, especially where the other guy is concerned. Jared is less than thrilled that Willow has taken Oliver as her number one and Oliver still resents the fact that Jared got into her pants before he did. Immaturity, that's what I think it is."

The entire room rolled their eyes. It was a damned good thing that Gaian was a matriarchy. There was no telling what kind of disasters might have occurred if the men had been running things.

"Melissa," Sassy said sternly, "you got Kyle in bed with you and Konrad. Don't try and tell us that these two are harder nuts to crack than our prickly alpha male was. They can't be."

"I doubt that they are. She just hasn't asked for help before. It is my policy to let people solve their own problems if they can. The matriarchy should only get involved when asked—or when disaster threatens if we don't."

"I don't see this as purely Willow's problem," Sylvia stated. "When's the last time any of us got carried off by more than one guy? I know I never have. One at a time, sure. The guys have finally gotten the message that sometimes we like our sex rough and they're happy to oblige—as individuals. The 'wingman' concept doesn't seem to have caught on."

The board members all looked at one another. Except for Melissa it appeared that none of them had gotten involved in a MMF threesome.

"Well, this will never do." Melissa began drumming her fingertips on the table, obviously deep in thought. "Okay, I move we table this until next month and suggest that the members give this some serious thought. I find having two guys at once is a serious turn-on and I'm sure that the theory is appealing to many of us so it would appear that some sort of intervention is needed. Any discussion? Good. Then I will entertain a motion to adjourn."

*****

Angus looked up from his Kindle at Peggy, a very dubious expression on his face. "Really? For some reason the Commune needs a Clothed Female Naked Male party? And you can tell me what that might be?"

Peggy looked exasperated. "Angus, the plan is to help Willow with her guys. She wants to be double teamed and they won't. Sylvia figures that if we started a little orgy it would give them confidence and go to it."

"A little orgy. Sure. In the main hall, I suppose, where some toddler in need of a drink comes downstairs to see?"

She slapped him on top of the head. "No, in the cave, of course. That's the other part of the plan, to get you guys loosened up to MMF threesomes. The lair is supposed to be the safe place for those kind of games but none of you will play!"

"And you think an evening of objectification and fetish will change that? May I express my doubts? Besides, there is the question of consent here. Jared and Oliver don't want to do the Devil's Threesome with Willow. I see a distinct lack of consent here."

"Konrad and Kyle did Melissa—a couple of times. What's wrong with spreading the action?"

"According to what you're saying—They. Don't. Want. Too. That's what's wrong. I get the feeling that what we have here is a very willful little girl wanting to impose her ideas on the boys and demanding help from Mommy to make them play nice. I realize this is a matriarchy. I was one of the first members. But I'm saying that if someone doesn't put the brakes on the chick we run the risk of making the men so angry they walk out. Now is it really worth taking that chance?"

It was very quiet for a long time.

*****

Willow was downcast and sniffling as she sat in Melissa's office a couple of days later. Jared and Oliver weren't sniffling but were definitely downcast.

Melissa felt an urge to take all three of them into her lap and cuddle them until they felt better. However, she forbore because they wouldn't fit and it probably wouldn't have helped.

"Kids," she began, "is this turning into a complex power struggle? Willow says she wants the two of you to demonstrate virility and dominance by 'forcing' her to submit to both of you at once. Willow, the guys' refusal to go along is a demonstration of dominance. Passive aggression is a very strong position. Unfortunately, no one seems happy about winning. So how do we get to 'yes'?"

Willow was about to burst out with 'if they'd only go along with me . . .' when Melissa shot her a warning look. She subsided. Apparently the Matriarch had determined that this was much more about her men than it was about her.

After many grimaces, fidgets and shuffling of feet Oliver finally spoke. "I loved Willow back at school. I wanted to marry her. Then she moved here and he . . ."

Melissa reached forward and patted Oliver's hand. "Yes, he did and I set it up. All three of you are about the same age but you hadn't arrived yet. None of us had any idea of your feelings, not even Willow and she was eager to be rid of her virginity. That's what happened and that's why. The past is past. The present is that she loves you, too. That's why you are her number one. And Jared accepts that, doesn't he?"

Jared sucked in his lips, frowned and nodded.

"He may not be happy about it but he does."

Jared nodded again.

"And the saddest part of this whole mini soap opera is that you both want Willow to be happy, don't you?"

Both young men looked slightly puppy sad and nodded slowly.

"So Marli and I have come up with a suggestion. If you two agree, I'll dose you both up with a medium shot of Vigorilla and Marli will join you. When it has taken effect and you're both good and horny, Marli and Willow will strip down and start giving you their very best head. Then Marli'll let go and aim her guy, whichever it is, at Willow's pussy. You two do her for a while and then they will trade places. Both women will get happily double teamed and both of you will watch your number one wives being spit roasted. No advantage, no loss. Do you think that might work?"

Jared and Oliver looked at each other sheepishly. "Well, dope us up enough and it might," they allowed, "Around lunch tomorrow?"

When the three were gone, Angela, who had been listening at the door, came in. "Do you really think that will solve the dilemma?"

"I do. In fact, I think it will do more than solve Willow's complaint. I think it will end up being a bonding activity between them. You know, the old buttered bun routine? And once they get it on a time or two with Willow and Marli I'll suggest that they branch out." Melissa leaned back in her swivel chair with a knowing smile.

"Oh, hot! Carried off to the cave and taken by both the youngest, most vigorous junior husbands. What fun. Yanno, I'm going to ask Kyle and Konrad to do me, too"

*****

After a few threesomes with Melissa, Kyle and Konrad were old hands at sharing a woman and the next 'siesta' Angela found herself naked, blindfolded, bound face down, and legs spread on a table in the cave. A Hitachi wand vibrator was tied to one leg with the head on her sex. She heard a chuckle and then the vibrations began. Omigawd, here it comes. I usually only need a couple of minutes and they tied it to my thigh. I'm going to get so overdone!

She started with a happy sigh that soon ran up the scale to whimpers. The first orgasm hit and Angela yelped but the wand had no mercy. At the same time two large hands spread her buttocks and fingers smeared KY around her anus and then began pushing it inside. The fingers spread, stretching her open about the same time the second, bigger climax wracked her body. On and on it went, each climax harder and faster than the one before. Now her yelps were screams and the spasms sent her into convulsive jerking and thrashing. Finally, as greyness surrounded her eyesight she screamed, "Red, red!"

At once the vibrator died and the bonds were released. Two pairs of strong arms lifted her up and turned her over onto Konrad's lap, where he cradled her.

"Angie, honey, are you alright?"

"I—I'm fine, Konnie. Just let me get my breath back."

"Angie," honest worry was in Kyle's voice, "why didn't you 'safe' out sooner. You know we'd never let you get past 'yellow'. Don't scare us like that, baby."

She gave a little laugh. "I wasn't going to. I thought I was doing fine, 'cause it sure felt good. Then all of a sudden I panicked. I guess I'm just not used to so completely losing control."

She looked at the men. Her fright had taken all the ardor out of them and they were both flaccid again. This required her intervention!

"I'm okay again. Now, where were we . . .?"

She began to grind her hips on Konrad's lap secure in the knowledge that the Vigorilla would put him right back on his game again.

"You two have this buggy lubed up and running hot. No way you're getting out of this ride. I've never been double penetrated before and I'm not letting this chance get away. Come here, Kyle."

Sliding off Konrad's lap, Angela dropped to her knees. Pulling the men closer together she alternated between hand and mouth bringing both to full erection. When her men were moaning appreciatively she smiled to herself. Good grief, girl, even here in the men's lair you can't help taking charge of things. Poor guys, they try so hard to keep us happy. 

"Konnie, lie down. I'm going to sit on you and then lean back so Kyle can stick it in me. Fuck me good, you two. You deserve it!"

*****

"Double penetration? Ewww . . ." Geneva was thoroughly turned off by Angela's account the next day. "No way in Hell would I let them do that to me!"

"Well, of course if you don't want it, just say so." Angela was mildly amused by the vehemence of the younger wife's reaction. "You knew that when you signed the contract. Except for playful doses of erotic chemicals, everything is about consent. I was curious. I've heard about it and wanted to try it out. You know what? I actually like it. I've never felt so full. I'd do it again."

Willow looked dubious. "I don't know about a DP. What I want is spit-roasting and Jared and Oliver have promised to give it a try tomorrow. I hope having Marli along will make things go easier."

"Willow," Sylvia looked stern, "you're talking about two somewhat shy nineteen-year-olds. Frankly, I think you'd be better off propositioning—oh, say Angus and Carlo. They're older and more confident. I think you're just asking for problems with such junior husbands."

"But I want Jared and Oliver."

Sighs went 'round the table. Had they all been that difficult when they were Willow's age?

"Darling, you've got Oliver and Jared, every day if you want it like that. Why do you insist on having them both at once?"

Willow's lower lip began to tremble. "Because—'cause the idea of having two guys on me at the same time makes me wet! And they're my favorite guys. It that too much to ask?"

Angela patted the girl's hand. "From us? No. From them? Well, let's see what tomorrow brings. I rather think everything will turn out well. Melissa has been dealing with shy youngsters for a long time, of both sexes. Now, go get a glass of wine and relax on the porch. Either you'll get your wish or you won't. Either way the sun will still come up the next morning, kids will want breakfast and both Jared and Oliver will still love you—along with all the rest of us, of course. Now scoot!"

*****

The next morning after breakfast and the most cursory of morning chores, Marli and Willow, Jared and Oliver rode the electric quadrunners to a protected corner of the farm. The day had fortuitously dawned warm and sunny so Oliver had insisted on a couple of giant sun umbrellas, much to Marli's annoyance.

"Oliver, I've got a quart of spray on sunscreen. What do we need the shade for? All it will do is make it colder. It's spring, Oliver, not high summer!"

"I think Oliver's right," Willow came to her guy's defense. If we start getting it on hot and heavy we might just forget to spray the stuff on and I, for one, don't was a sunburned bum. Now put those things up, you guys, and lay out the picnic stuff while Marli and I get ready."

Jared looked startled as the girls calmly undressed and neatly folded up their clothing. "What? Already?"

"Hush, you," Marli chided, "It's a picnic so Willow and I are channeling our inner Manet. You know, the guy who painted the French picnic scene with the naked chicks and the guys with their clothes still on? Very famous."

Oliver had stopped in mid-umbrella. "And we're supposed to calmly sit on the blanket and eat with you two looking all naked and luscious? That's mean."

"Yes," said Willow with calm satisfaction, "you are and yes it is. And to make things that much harder, I'm dosing you both with Vigorilla to help you past the shy's." 

She stuck the squeeze bottle under Oliver's nose and gave him a shot and did the same with Jared. "Now, let's eat quick before you two just can't take it anymore and jump our bones."

The directions on every bottle of Vigorilla carried the same statement, "Take 15 minutes before expected sexual activity." And for the majority of men taking the medication, that was correct. However, the majority of Vigorilla users were middle-aged or older and neither Jared nor Oliver had even hit twenty, yet. Both girls knew their men and so kept surreptitious eyes on trouser fronts as they gobbled down egg salad sandwiches and spring berries. Sure enough within about ten minutes Jared and Oliver began to squirm.

Marli turned to Willow, "Now?"

"Now!"

Setting aside the remnants of lunch, Marli grabbed Oliver's belt buckle and Willow did the same with Jared. Unfastening the pants, they pulled them down for good access then dove for the swelling cocks. Tongue and lips, fingers and palms ran up and down shafts, fondled ball sacks, flicked frenums and ran circles around helmets. When Jared was leaning back moaning happily, Marli lifted her head and taking Oliver by the manhood pointed him at Willows waving bottom.

"Go get her, stud," Marli muttered and instantly Willow had her wish. As she sucked and bobbed her head on Jared's phallus Oliver's plunged into her waiting pussy.

"Unf!"

Marli looked on in admiration. Evidently Willow was a born multitasker, able to swivel her hips for Oliver while giving Jared Class A head. Obviously she was having fun, so much fun that Marli decided that as soon as the guys recovered, after about a twenty minute rest, she would give it a try herself. And while she was watching, the young woman decided that some quality time with a vibrator was in order so drawing one out of her purse she set to work. Soon all four were humming and moaning happily. It was nearly dinner when they finally got back to headquarters.

*****

Melissa had been right. Sharing both Willow and Marli had somehow partnered Jared and Oliver into a working team. With Oliver's interest in robotics and Jared's interest in software design, Gaian Farm and Industries was probably onto another highly profitable subdivision. However, at present both youths were undergraduates and nowhere near being in a position to come up with amazing machines. That was unimportant. What was important in the Matriarch's opinion was that her junior husbands were over their petulant jealousy and that their primary wives were happy. She looked over the weekly project reports with satisfaction and was about to close the books when a pair of arms encircled her and a bearded pair of lips started kissing her from the bottom of her ear down her neck.

"Konrad, neck kisses lead to fucking. You know that."

"Of course. Why do you think I'm giving them to you?" He continued the kisses and nibbles.

"So I'm to presume you've had your Vigoilla?"

"He certainly has," Angela answered, "I made sure of that. It's your turn in the middle, sweetie. Konnie in front and me and my RealdoeTM up your butt. Out of your clothes, beloved, we're going to do you up right."