 Melissa Koenig stood in the shade of the veranda of the main dining hall of the commune she ran. She smiled at the children running up and down the dirt road that ran down the center of the Farm and at the younger adult members at their various tasks keeping the place running. Several years before the idea of a benevolent matriarchal commune had been a dream. Then came the stunning day when her lover and effective co-wife Angela Phillips had managed to tame the toxic effects of the peptide Tx2-6 found in the venom of the Brazilian wandering spider. Combined with a derivative of PL 6983 it became not only a true aphrodisiac but a treatment for Erectile Deficiency that was like Viagra on steroids. She named the compound Vigorilla and it took the pharmaceutical world by storm. Suddenly near unlimited funding was available and the Gaian Farm and Industry, Inc. was born—and so was the commune.

She watched Lilia Gomez approach, swaying unconsciously at the hips. Now there was a girl who really needed to spend some time getting her head straight. Though the younger woman positively radiated sex appeal and intelligence, for reasons Melissa couldn't determine Lilia made no effort to enjoy the men who were, per membership contract, her multitudinous husbands. Neither was she attracted to the women who were her 'wives' and didn't even have any interest in administration. So why had she joined? It was a puzzle.

Bearded lips kissed their way down Melissa's neck and strong hands held her hips. Oho! One of the lovely men was feeling amorous and that was always a welcome turn of events. She closed her eyes and leaned back against his chest, totally engaged in the warm sensations that spread through her body. She wondered which one it was.

"You smell wonderful, Melissa," Angus' deep voice rumbled softly in her ear, "Peggy thinks you should join us for a threesome after lunch."

"Mmm, what a delightful prospect. Did she say who should be in the middle?"

"No, she didn't, but I think it should be you, for a change. Even though you are the local Lady of the Manor you can't always be in charge of everything. I think this time you should just let it happen."

Melissa thought for a moment. She hadn't been thoroughly used by another couple for quite some time. Mostly she either had her way with the younger men and women or made happy, domestic love to her main husband, Konrad. Being between Angus and Peggy would be fun.

"It's a date!"

*****

Showered, moisturized and wearing clothes specifically selected for removal, Melissa sat down with her prospective lovers at lunch. After swallowing a bite of Caesar salad, she remarked to Peggy, "Do you talk to Lilia much?"

"No," Peggy answered, "and I'm not sure that anyone does, except for the kind of chat that keeps everything running. I kind of wonder about that but I think the answer is that she's just kind of shy. I see the way she walks. She looks like she's inviting someone to pat her on the ass but since she's so quiet and reserved, no one does."

"Angus, what do you think?"

The big man snorted. "The rules here are that first approaches are purely up to the women. You know that. Hell, you wrote them. It's not up to us to seduce her unless she gives some indication of inviting seduction. She hasn't so we don't."

Melissa nodded in agreement. That was the rule, alright, and yes, she had written it. Well, sometime soon she would have to have a talk with the girl. And if she really didn't want to get thoroughly laid on a regular basis, it was her choice. But at least it should be clear to everyone in the group.

*****

The Matriarch sighed with happy languor as Angus slowly undid the fastenings of her clothes. The couple had taken each of her hands and led her to their cabin. Once inside Peggy had slowly undressed and then very deliberately donned a full body leather harness and a stout Realdoe. As Melissa's garments fell away, Peggy stroked the silicone suggestively and leered at the older woman.

Melissa wondered what they had in mind. Whatever it was, she was sure to enjoy it. "Subs Dominate when they learn how and Doms get Subordinate whenever they get the chance", she'd heard. There wasn't any evidence given for the statement but she believed it. Obviously they both intended to use her, vigorously she hoped, but how? Double penetration? Spit roasting? Taking turns? All of the above? Whatever came, she was looking forward to it!

Angus' hands ran up her slim, toned hips and then up her belly to cup and knead her breasts. Some years before he had told a prospective member that even at her age, Melissa was as fine a piece of ass as any man could wish for. Decades of yoga left her slim, lithe and flexible beyond belief and with muscle control that seemed almost trans-human. His first encounter with Vigorilla had been with Melissa and it had been one wild ride. He'd stayed hard for over an hour and she had introduced him to positions right off the pages of the Kama Sutra. It had been their first tryst but it hadn't been the last. It had been a while since they'd included Peggy, though, he thought and from the look of it, things were going to be interesting.

"I get her front, honey, you stick to the back," Peggy ordered and taking Melissa's face in both hands, drove her tongue in the Matriarch's waiting, open mouth.

Melissa emptied her mind, surrendering to the whirl of sensation. Mouths on her nipples, her neck, her lips and hands all over her body, groping, fondling, squeezing and probing soon had her drifting into the trained yogini's state of extended orgasm. It washed over her, lifted her on its wave and carried her away until, at last, the couple picked her up and set her on the bed on her hands and knees.

And now it's their turn, she thought, they'll spit roast me until I can make them cum. Should I take my time or get them off quick? Let's see what happens.

Just as she suspected would happen, Angus lay back on his elbows in front of her, proud manhood rampant and ready. Melissa felt Peggy's hands on her hips just before the big silicone dildo drove into her pussy. With a smile she grasped the man's cock, brought it to her lips and engulfed it. To the satisfaction of all three, they took their time.

*****

Midway through the next morning, Melissa sought relief from the July heat at the picnic table area under a huge, spreading shagbark hickory with a pitcher of iced sweet tea and a pair of glasses. Sooner or later, Lilia would saunter by. The Matriarch would invite her to join in the tea and then they could talk. If it didn't work today, it would eventually. Sooner or later everyone came through the picnic area, especially on hot, summer days. And, right on time, along came Lilia.

"Hi, Lily, want to join me in some iced tea?"

Lilia stopped, looked surprised and then smiled. "Why yes, I would," she replied in lightly accented English, "that sounds wonderful."

Lilia sat down, Melissa filled her glass and they began to chat about nothing in particular. The Matriarch was good at this. It was a great way to steer the conversation around to whichever issue she felt needed attending to. Eventually she slid to the point.

"So how do you like living in our commune, honey?"

Lilia sucked her lips in and bit down gently. She took a deep breath, started to blush and then replied hesitantly, "I like it here a lot but—I'm not sure how to fit it. I mean, everyone is so—so sensual and so casual about it. I just can't bring myself to do that."

Melissa leaned forward and took the younger woman's hand. "What would you like to do? Just something small, something that might start the ball rolling, what would you like to do?"

Now Lilia turned dark red under her tanned skin. "If you must know, what I really want to do is just come up behind Carlos and squeeze his butt. He really has a sexy bottom but . . ."

"But you've been brought up with the idea that it's completely inappropriate, haven't you? And off the property, it is. But inside our borders, there's nothing wrong with it. Believe me, Lilia, the men appreciate it and, even better, will be happy to return the favor. Here it's not abusive because it's part of our relationship to each other. Group marriage, remember? Squeezing Carlos' backside is just a way of saying 'good morning, sexy' or 'got any plans for after lunch, big fella?' Remember, here the women initiate. The guys won't come on to you until you let them know it's okay, but you do have to let them know. Yes, you could just stand up in the middle of dinner and shout, 'hey, I'm available and horny' but that's pretty crass. It's more civilized to cock your head to one side, rub your shoulder against a guy's, and wink. It's really all you have to do. They'll take care of the rest—at least until you develop enough self-confidence to start being the Top. You really should give it a try. Now, here come's Jared. He's one of my favorite 'girl friends'."

Lilia turned and wondered how in the world Jared could ever be considered a girlfriend. His shoulders were broad, his biceps impressive and his tight T-shirt molded itself over a six pack of a belly. She whistled inside her head.

"Girl friend?"

"When he first joined he, like you, was very shy. I finally 'took him firmly to hand' as the saying goes and made him my Sub. He found out that he enjoyed being penetrated as much as any of the women and to this day comes to take the woman's role for me after lunch every Monday. However, trust me on this, he's plenty damned virile the rest of the week. Hey, Jared, come sit in the shade!"

The young man grinned and sauntered over.

"Now remember," Melissa whispered, "after a few minutes, cock your head to one side, rub you shoulder against his and wink."

After a few minutes of inconsequential chat, Melissa excused herself and strode off towards the arachnid barn leaving Lilia and Jared sitting beside each other. Mentally girding up her loins, Lily cocked her head to one side, looked up at Jared through half closed eyes, leaned her shoulder against his and slowly rubbed it back and forth. When he looked down at her with a raised eyebrow, she winked.

A strong arm wrapped around her, pulling her close before sliding down her side to softly rub her backside. "Any plans for after lunch?" Jared asked in a whisper.

"Well," she murmured, "since you ask, I didn't. But I could!"

"I can come up with a bunch. Interested?"

"Mm-hmm!"

And his mouth was on hers, kissing ravenously. When he finally came up for air he whispered, "Your place or mine?"

"Uh-mine, I guess. Won't Marli be at yours?"

"She will but she won't mind. She might even ask to join in."

Lily thought about that. No, she wasn't ready for groups sex, just yet. Maybe later.

"Better make it mine, then. I'd rather it was just us two this first time."

"First time?"

"First time in the commune. I'm not totally a virgin."

"Then shall I see you after lunch or walk you to the dining hall?"

"Mmm, you can walk me."

*****

At the arachnid barn, Melissa walked in on a scene right out of a sophisticated SciFi movie. On a sand table a big, black tarantula walked around leaving chevrons of footprints. From each joint on the eight legs, micro-sensors attached to hair thin glass fibers that rose up to a central microprocessor that was itself attached by a cable to an eight-legged robot on a different table. Melissa was fascinated. The robot, about twice the size of the live spider, was mimicking every move the arachnid made.

"Oliver! Whatever are you doing?"

"Teaching my robot how to be a spider. Jared worked up the programing so the robot uses machine learning to move around. With enough different kinds of terrain tucked away in its computer, a full-sized version could be the most capable All-Terrain vehicle yet. I'm using the spider to teach the robot how everything is supposed to move so that once I get one built up to the size of, say, a Volkswagen beetle, a driver would only have to tell the crawler where to go. It would already know how."

Melissa turned to Angela with her mouth open in astonishment. Before she could utter a word, Angela grinned broadly. "Aren't these two just the most brilliant little things? No wonder we can't stay out of their pants. Brains are just so sexy!"

"Speaks the genius woman who has made this whole place possible!" Melissa retorted sharply, "But, I have to agree."

She walked over to where Oliver was hunched over the controls, wrapped her arms around his shoulders and bit the tip of his ear.

"You and Jared, young man, are just the sexiest two junior husbands! I don't know how we manage to let you get any work done when we'd rather be plundering you into next week. Angela, does he have any plans for after lunch? I want to fuck his ears off."

Angela snickered. "He thinks he's coming back here and fiddling with his robot some more. I happen to be on crèche duty today so if you want to drag him away from his toys and make him your toy, have at him. He knows what his role is."

"Were you planning on coming back here, honey?" Melissa whispered in Ollie's ear, "You know siesta time is supposed to be when you reinforce your bonds with the rest of the members. We womenfolk would be really disappointed if you weren't entertaining one of us instead of feverishly trying to take over the world."

Oliver rolled his eyes. "Well, up to this point none of my wives has made any mention of siesta today so I figured they all had other plans with the other guys or each other. And I'm not offended, okay? My feelings are not hurt! I can easily entertain myself here in the barn."

"Uh-huh," Melissa replied dryly, "The inside of your head is so interesting that the rest of the world doesn't stand a chance. I know about men (and women!) like you, and the answer is no, you aren't. Understood? I'm pulling rank. As Matriarch I have rights to your bod whenever I want and I want it today. After lunch, you will report to my quarters and submit utterly to whatever depraved delights I decide to pursue. Subject closed. You can come back here and return to mad scientist-ing when I'm done with you—provided you have the stamina."

She bit his ear a second time and released him. "And since lunch is in about ten minutes, I suggest you release that poor spider, put it back in its jar and give it a fat cricket. I will see you in the dining hall!"

*****

Oliver went into the dining hall and sat down. Within seconds Melissa was sitting next to him, her arm around his waist and her hand in his back pocket. Though there was no physical expression, not even a nod, Ollie knew that the entire population (or at least the post-puberty population) at once knew that he was in for an 'interesting' siesta. He'd been claimed, marked as hers, and everyone knew what that entailed. He wasn't sure he liked the idea. And his anxieties weren't reduced by her whisper in his ear, "And I've got quite the surprise for you, my poppet. This afternoon will be new and different. Now, eat lunch."

Oliver thought for a minute and then replied, softly but firmly, "If it entails anything 'bi' on my part, the answer is 'no' and I'm going back to the barn."

"Oh, Oliver, do you really think there's any man on the commune that doesn't feel exactly the same way you do? No, I don't have anything 'bi' planned but if you're going to be defensive like that then you can go back to your pets and toys and I will leave you alone. Honestly, as long as you've been living here? I'm surprised at you."

"Thank-you," Oliver muttered, kissed Melissa perfunctorily on the cheek and turned to his lunch.

*****

"He flat turned you down? Oliver?" Angela was aghast.

Melissa grinned wryly, "He was calm and polite but basically he dropped me like a hot rock. I wonder if he's been talking to Kyle or something. There's a growing touchiness about him that very much reminds me of our Alpha's early days here. He's so different from Jared despite their similarity in ages."

Angela thought about that for a few minutes. Yes, she'd been able to Top Oliver and use him several times but she hadn't done so recently. "Maybe he's decided he's outgrown being a toyboy. That would make sense. Didn't you consider spiking his drink with Surrenderone (for Men)?"

"I thought about that and then wondered if I really ought to ask him if it was okay. He actually thanked me for asking but politely said that right now he was so excited about his project that if I didn't mind, he'd take a rain check."

Angela nodded. "You know, despite having chemical play written into the contract, fewer and fewer members are using it. I think the whole question of consent is beginning to make people think two or three times—just like you did."

"I did. And after lunch I followed him back to the barn and watched the most amazing demonstration. He has two tables set up, one for the live spider and one for the robot, and they're identical. The spider uses its eyes and tactile senses to figure out what's in its world and the robot uses micro proximity devices to 'see' what's in its. The spider knows how to use its legs to get around and the wires carry the motion to the robot teaching it how to approach each obstacle in its path. I was really impressed and told him so and gave him a hug and a big kiss. This time he kissed me back—before returning to his computer. Tomorrow, I'll just quietly invite him up to the house for a siesta. I think he'll say, 'yes'."

*****

Willow, standing in the living room of their apartment, was dumbfounded. "Melissa was going to 'carry you off' and you turned her down flat? What were you thinking?"

Oliver set his jaw and glared back at his number one love, "I was tired of getting pushed around, okay? How would you like it if one of your professors swept you up off your feet in your lab and carried you off? She didn't ask, she didn't invite, she just presumed that she could strip me down and peg me when I wasn't in the mood. I didn't consent 'cause I don't have to. At least she had the decency to ask if I would accept some Surrenderone and I told her thanks but no thanks. Then we went back to my project and she complimented how well it was coming along and we're okay again. So is there a problem?"

Willow wasn't sure how to respond. She'd been with Oliver for two and half years now and he'd always been gentle and easy-going. Now all of a sudden he was touchy and short-tempered and—and defiant! Turning down the woman who ran their commune just wasn't done. Everyone submitted to Melissa unless she was overtly feeling submissive herself and that didn't happen very often. And yet he's just said that they were okay again so apparently there wasn't a problem any longer but just to make sure, she decided to go talk to the Matriarch.

*****

"Oh, relax," Melissa said firmly to Willow the next morning, "Your Ollie's nowhere near as hard a case as Kyle when he first got here and now look at him! Oliver will be fine. If it makes you feel better, I'm going to seduce him this morning, and very lovingly peg his ears off. Men need to know that they're desirable and are desired just like us."

About a half hour later Oliver dropped a cricket in 'Elizabeth's' jar. The big spider jumped on it and began to feed voraciously. "Good girl," he muttered, "you've earned it."

Sitting down at his console he backed up all the data from the last Machine Learning session and was about to go onto something else interesting when a hand covered his on the mouse, pushed it over to 'Escape' and then to 'Shut down'. Melissa lifted his hand, uncurled his index finger and stuck it in her mouth. She sucked hungrily and ran her tongue up and down the tip.

Oliver gasped softly, "Melissa?"

She chuckled, "Still turns you on, doesn't it?" She dropped her hand to his shirtfront and slowly unfastened two buttons before sliding her hand inside his shirt while licking the shell of his ear. "Have I told you lately how much you turn me on, how much you make me want to do sloppy, sexy things to you?"
