 *Yet another story I wrote for my lady a while back, this one is a little particular. You'll see what I mean. Do leave a comment or a favorite if you want to see more like this, and I do take requests (If I like the ideas) so feel free to contact me too. Enjoy* 

P1 

The northern winds blow across the snow covered hills just outside of town, the sun reflecting brightly off of the frozen surfaces. The air currents can barely reach between the huts and buildings of your raider settlement, but it still tickles your cheeks and slips through your clothes every so often. You shiver as it happens once more, and keep going about your business, hanging clothes to dry right outside your home, shovelling snow with a crude stone spade, skinning rabbits for the week. Usual necessary chores in this town. 

With a population of a hundred or so, most of the men have left on an expedition to the shores of England and various other settlements they may find; leaving nothing but fifty or so women, most of them shield maidens, to protect your home. You are one of these shield maidens, having trained to fight since you were but a wee girl, you passed the trials with relative ease, and earned your shield. 

You've lived your entire life in this settlement, your parents having died to cold and wolves at a time before you can even remember being alive. The community took care of you, teaching and educating you to be strong and resourceful. 

It has been a week since the men left with their shields banging and war cries echoing off the mountainsides, and they're due back soon. 

You hear a commotion all of a sudden, and women begin to run past you towards the docks. 

If you want to follow them to the docks, go to P2 

If you want to finish your chores, and wait for tonight to see if the men have come back, go to P3 

P2 

You drop what you're doing, and hike up your heavy cotton and wool dress to run faster. You run to the docks, where you see the massive Drakkars of your village docked or in the process of docking. You smile joyfully, always excited at the prospect of loot, curious to see what they brought back. 

Soon though, you notice that the women are whispering and talking much more excitedly then usual. 

"Man..." "Slave?... They don't usually..." "Saved..." 

You frown in confusion, getting more and more curious as you hear snippets of conversation. You look back up at the biggest boat, chief Ulric's leading ship, and see your chief disembark slowly. He's wounded! His arm is in a sling, and he's being held up by... Who is that? There's a man you don't recognize. You can't really see him well through the crowd, and you're pushed back as both men split the crowd to enter the chief's home. You're more confused than ever, and slightly worried for your leader until you hear another woman reassure you. This woman is Slenna, an acquaintance of yours; not exactly a friend but not someone you dislike either. 

"Don't worry about him. I know he's like a father to you but don't worry. He got hurt fighting a bunch of soldiers that were hiding from the raiding party, but he got help and managed to finish them off. Apparently that man with him is the one who saved him." 

It's a lot to take in despite how little she's really said, but now you understand the situation a little better. 

"There's going to be a feast to celebrate tonight. You coming? That man will be there." 

If you decide to go to the feast, go to P4 

If you decide you're too tired or don't feel like it, go to P3 

P3 

You don't feel like going, opting instead to finish your chores and get an early night's sleep. The next morning, you hear all about the party that followed the men's return, and of the newcomer to your village. The celebrations lasted all night, and by the end of it the new member had apparently gotten quite popular with the ladies. Many others ended up starting relationships with the returning young warriors, and you seem to have missed your chance at finding a husband yet again. 

Your adoptive sister soon becomes the stranger, Fren's wife, and you spend the rest of your youth listening to him pound into her every night, multiple times each night. Sometimes you could hear them during the day as well. You hear her cry out in pain and pleasure each time, begging for more of his cock. You can't help but feel jealous that she got a man capable of bringing down such a strong shield maiden as her instantly, making her beg for his cock inside any hole he wished for. 

You even hear stories from when they go out to raid together, about how they kiss and fuck among the burning ruins, use slaves to satisfy each other. They become known as Freyja's Messengers of Death by all the nearby settlements, and her orgasmic screams become a legendary omen of doom for anyone outside your village. 

Meanwhile, you are still single, and don't allow any man to take you, feeling like any man less than equal to your sister's husband would never satisfy you. 

The End 

P4 

As night falls, you clothe yourself in a pretty dress, made of leather and wool. It keeps you warm, but is also tight where it matters. It's a rather traditional dress in your village for women who are single, and you're very happy to see it fits you very nicely. You are also very satisfied with the way you've braided your hair, and you play with it happily for a few minutes. 

You soon head out to the great hall, from which sounds of music, eating and cheerful talking can be heard. On the way in, you recognize one of the young single women hungrily kissing one of the bearded warriors that came back today. This could mean a marriage soon. You smile at the thought and at the girl as you enter the large building. It's warm in here, and you instantly feel at home, the familiar smells and sounds of partying, drinking ale, eating pork and fish all calm you down. You grew up to feasts like these, and even though you enjoy peace and quiet, this is a part of who you are. Fond memories of your childhood are mixed with the later memories of just how degraded and hot these celebrations can get once the children are in bed. 

You look around, standing straight. You see a few tables of young men who set off with Jarl Ulfric to your left, and to your right stands the Jarl's table and best men. To the chieftain's right sits that man again! He seems to be enjoying himself, eating his fill and drinking curiously from his horn of ale. He seems to never have had something quite like this to drink. 

If you want to try to finally find a husband, and join the young warriors in the hopes of a kiss or more, go to P6 

If you want to go to your usual seat near the Jarl, and find out more about this man, go to P7 

P6 

You decide the stranger can wait, and focus on socializing with the broad chested young men sitting nearby. You've always had trouble engaging in conversation, but a few drinks help you loosen up. You and a few other women are surrounded by the lustful warriors. They're just as drunk as you are, and in this hot and primitive smelling hall, you begin to feel a buzz spread throughout your body, getting lower and lower. You're soon wet from this feeling, and you feel little grasps and large hands begin to touch you. 

Your shoulders, your arms and thighs, rough, callused hands run along your skin, driving you ever deeper into lust. You barely register the other girls, who are in the same state as you, drunk and unbelievably wet as rough, manly hands run over their bodies. You can smell a faint musk emanate from the men, and notice their bulging pants. You can't let them stay like that, and your hands find their crotches, caressing and teasing them until they release their cocks from their britches. 

You can't resist the smell anymore, and you plunge your head into the lap of the closest man, taking his cock between your lips, and sucking on him like a vacuum. He instantly cums, both from your skill and from being extremely backed up after weeks at sea. You don't miss a beat, swallowing it all and moving onto the next shaft. 

A few minutes and half a dozen cocks later, not including the ones that came in your hands, you feel yourself lift off of the bench, and put on your back onto a man lying on the table. You can see all the cocks, dicks and shafts around you, none much bigger than the toy you play with from time to time. You're in what feels like heaven as you feel the man beneath you push his cock against your asshole, and stretch it until it pops and slides inside. You feel it throb inside you, warm and pulsing, before he grabs your hips and plunges as deep as he can into you. 

A moan escapes your lips, and you feel like this is the height of pleasure as two more men shove their members into your mouth and cunt. You moan and mewl contentedly, feeling a warm, soft pleasure cover your body. 

Many different men come and cum inside you, filling you with their thick Viking seed. You don't let any cum inside your pussy however, since a baby could only come from your husband, whoever he may turn out to be. 

As the men use you and the other girls as cumbuckets, filling you continuously, a murmur sounds around you from onlookers, women and men alike. You lift your head slowly to see what all the fuss is about, and you see the newcomer, you hear his name is Fren, coming towards you. He's massive even compared to the Vikings, and he's slowly taking off his shirt, revealing a bruised, scarred, but powerful chest. He reaches your head, and stands there, his hips level with your face. He slowly reaches into his pants, and his cock comes into view, eliciting a gasp from the audience, as well as various mewling and moans at the sight of it. It's much bigger than any man so far, it stretches across your face, resting on it heavily as it throbs. 

You gasp in surprise at this monstrous... dick? No... This is a real cock, thick, long, powerful. You open your mouth and lick it as the other two men inside you continue fucking your cunt and asshole. It's hot, even on your tongue, and salty. His musk emanates from his cockhead and his low hanging testicles, driving you even wilder. You can't resist this challenge, and you slowly but hungrily take him deep into your mouth. You feel a completely new sensation as his cock hits the back of your throat, and keeps pushing. The other women gasp, whilst the younger ones squeal in excitement at the sight. Anjel, the most attractive older shield maiden, calls out. 

"That cock is mine next! God... look at it... That lucky bitch... Tell us how it feels!" 

You pay no heed to them, and simply keep sucking until you eventually have his balls rubbing against your nose. You're on your back, lying on a man with his dick in your ass, another in your cunt, and the most monstrous and only real cock you've ever seen shoved into your throat. 

Fren soon demands to switch. You gasp and cough and cry out in wanton lust as he moves over, leaving your mouth feeling empty. You cry out in pure desperation until you realize he's between your legs now, and his humongous cockhead is pressing against your lips. 

"Oh my god there's no way it'll-" 

You scream, emptying your lungs as he forces his monster into you, instantly sawing in and out of you. He stretches you completely, so much so that you feel like you'll be torn in half. He doesn't care about your pleasure. He's just satisfying himself, every muscle in his body working to fuck his meat as deep into you as he possibly can. He doesn't do anything to please you, and you can see it, but you shiver to think what pleasure he could bring if he actually- 

"AAAAAAAAAAAAH!" 

You hear a piercing, orgasmic shriek before you realize it's yours. Your mind goes blank, flushed out by the pure ecstasy that this monstrous man brings as he thrusts into you again and again. His hips rub against your clit as he embeds himself as deep as your body can go, never slowing down. 

A few minutes of this brutal abuse, and you feel his balls tighten. 

"Ple- Pleaseeeee- Gif... Give me our-your... Child-d-d-d. Be my hus-husband!" 

You beg him to make you his, to claim your cunt with his potent seed. You can't let this man get away. Such a man is the perfect husband, and you need him to be yours. 

Fren grimaces, and pulls out of you violently, pushing you over the edge once more as you scream to high heaven. He grabs another woman, Anjel, by the hair, and pulls her face to his cock. At the back of your mind, you tell yourself Anjel is going to kick his ass, or bite his cock off. She never has and never will be treated like a toy like that. She's too proud, too str- 

His cock is balls deep in her throat, and her usually stoic and serious face is screaming in pleasure around his shaft. You can't believe it. The strongest woman here, came instantly from deepthroating his meat. He pulls out of her after thrusting his hips into her face for a while, and cums all over your body. Spurt after spurt of boiling hot seed falls onto you. Your face, your neck and breasts, your stomach, your legs, but none hits your cunt, where you want it to go. 

"I don't want to marry a slut that's that easy... You'll have no children from me." 

Subconsciously, you know you should feel sad, or disgusted with yourself, but the pleasure is everywhere in your body now, and you pass out. 

Over the next few days, you're too sore to walk out of your house, but soon learn that Anjel is the one Fren has taken to be his wife. You're confused at first, since after what happened you don't see how she was any different than you. Someone explains to you that Anjel is the only woman Fren has found that resists in the slightest, and she can apparently take his length nearly as well as you. All the others either haven't gotten the chance to try, or have passed out from the pleasure he brings. 

He sometimes comes over to your house with his wife, and uses you in front of her as she sits there, watching with obvious lust. But he'll always really be hers, and you're just the toy he uses when his favorite is broken or unusable. 

It's still incredibly pleasurable though... Nothing will ever live up to those nights you spend with him. You wonder for a long time, what would happen if Anjel... Had an accident? No you'd never do that... But it's so good... 

The End? 

P7 

You move to go sit at a table right in front the chief, where you usually sit but he spots you before you get to sit. 

"Emmela! Come here!" 

He laughs and smiles when he sees you, turning to the man at his side. 

"This is Emmela, a young shield maiden I helped bring up. She was without parents, so as chief I took her in, but she's my daughter in my heart at least. She's basically my second daughter, although not by blood I'm afraid." 

You look at him as he shares your past with this stranger, but you're used to your adoptive father being too outgoing for his or anyone else's own good. The man listens intently, and smiles at you after Ulric has finished. His bright blue eyes each have a speck of orange in them, and his gaze pierces through you. He opens his mouth, and you hear him speak fluently in your tongue, which is rare for an outsider, especially since he doesn't look like a northerner. 

"I'm pleased to meet you, miss. I am named Fren." 

He nods his head to you in respect, still smiling lightly. You return the gesture, and sit down just as you hear a familiar, yet drunken, voice cry out. 

"Who the hell is this bastard?! Who does he think he is? Sitting at our chief's right hand where he doesn't belong!" 

A few men groan as the man comes closer to the table. Sven, a young man that not a great deal of people like, but who is the son of another chief, left here in your village for some kind of educational or political reason. Some say it is to find a bride, others to learn to toughen up. In any case, he is a strong warrior, and although intelligent, somehow manages to be too obnoxious for his own good, as well as incredibly entitled. 

The outsider slowly moves his gaze from you to Sven, curiously observing him. The Jarl speaks up. 

"By Odin's spear, Sven, you know who he is, he's the man that might have saved my life, and my afterlife in Valhalla. " 

"Yeah that's what I hear, sure. I hear... I hear you got ambushed by near a dozen cowards. I know if you'd died from being stabbed in the back, Odin would never welcome you into his hall... What was I saying again? Oh right! Yes! So what, that... outsider! Warned you? Big deal!" 

"Sven I swear, if you keep talking ill of my guest, I'll- " 

The man leans forward into the light of a nearby torch, putting his hand on the chief's shoulder. His hair now in the light, everyone can see that it's color is near unnatural, a bright shade of orange brighter than copper, but darker than a flame. 

"Let him speak his mind, and simply tell him the truth. He's only relaying what he's heard, or thinks he's heard." 

Ulfric growls in frustration, but bangs his empty horn of ale on the heavy oak table, shaking it and cracking his mug loudly. The entire hall goes silent and turns to listen to him. 

"Alright you drunken bastards and you horny maidens! Listen up! This is what happened, and nothing else you hear is the truth!" 

The chief recounts the events leading up to his wound, and his meeting with Fren. The chief had followed a fleeing soldier into a building, hoping he might lead him to either more enemies or more loot, but lost him in the maze of hallways and doors. Eventually he had stepped into what seemed to be a jail, with empty cages, and seeing nothing of importance, the Jarl had turned to leave. He immediately heard a voice cry out for him to duck, and had instinctively done so. His shield arm, however, had been weighed down and too slow. His arm had been sliced open along the triceps, but he had avoided decapitation. When he turned, back to a wall, a dozen men were standing there, apparently having hidden in cells, or in murder holes set up to defend the room. 

One armed and bleeding, Ulfric was getting ready to kill as many as he could before dying, gripping his axe, and checking that his heavy glaive was still in its scabbard. And that's when he saw the man who had warned him. He hung from the top of the wall, heavy ropes around his wrists, and hanging from a hook. His feet stretched down, a foot from the ground, but he was obviously tall and didn't seem weak, even as bruised and hungry as he looked at that moment. The man, whom you now know as Fren, struggled and swung from his bonds trying to get free as Ulfric realized he might have a chance. Aiming as well as he could, he sent his axe slicing through the air, and just about cut the rope, letting its captive fall to the ground. 

The moments that followed were difficult to recollect, as all the Jarl saw was two short swords heading for his head and chest. He moved to block the first, but was sure the other would run him through like a pig. He had closed his eyes in preparation for the pain, but quickly opened them when he heard screams, and didn't feel the sword rip through his guts. 

The sight that awaited him was not something he had expected to see in his lifetime. A gigantic man, naked except for torn cloth pants, was shoving half a dozen soldiers around like toys, having grabbed his would be killer's blade at the hilt and now using it to slay the man's brethren. Ulfric soon got back to his senses and charged, eventually taking out five of the men, and at the end of the struggle, both he and Fren stood, unharmed except for his arm. 
