 Author's note: I promised I'd finish this, and here it is. I know, I know, it's roughly 4 years late. But this has been an important story to me, and I just couldn't release the final chapter without getting it exactly right. So finally, here it is, the conclusion of the story...on this site at least. More on that at the end. 

***** 

When she finally released him, Eric nearly fell over, eyes wide with shock. 

Y...you..." he stammered. "You were...you...you remember." 

Kita silently nodded. 

Eric slumped back against the rock ledge, an incredulous look on his face. "I..." he tried to say something but his mind was completely jumbled up, utterly confused on all the implications of what had just happened. He dimly registered her leaving the water and finding a place on the flat outcropping to dry off in the sun. 

When he finally joined her, they sat in silence for another five minutes before one of them finally said something. 

"So..." she said tentatively without looking at him. "Did..I do it right?" 

Eric let out a short laugh. "Yeah. You did. But..." he shook his head, still in disbelief. "Do you know exactly what you did? What it means?" he asked, finally looking at her. 

"I'm assuming that it's part of your mating rituals," she replied. 

"Uh..." he paused, momentarily caught off guard by the straight-forward answer before nodding. "That's close. It's a way of showing affection. In couples, I mean." 

"By that, you mean mated couples?" Kita asked. 

"Well," Eric replied, his nervousness running his mouth ahead of his brain. "Human courtship isn't a matter of just mating. We usually date first. That is, we get to know each other, figure out if the relationship is going to work, all that kind of thing. But, kissing...what you, I mean we, just did, is something you might also see in a couple that is dating, prior to the relationship becoming a sexual one." 

Kita thought about it for a moment. "Does that mean we're dating?" 

The question was asked so innocently and simply that Eric couldn't help a small laugh escaping. "It's not that simple. I'm not really sure what you would call this..." he stopped, realizing he wasn't sure just exactly what "this" entailed, and when "this" had come to be. Eric looked down over the water's edge for a moment before turning back to her. "Why...exactly did you...?" he trailed off as he realized that she had moved closer, sitting right next to him. 

"Why did you?" Kita replied, her gaze unflinching. 

Eric swallowed. His heart felt like it was about to leap out of his throat. "I don't know why," he replied quietly. 

Kita gave a barely perceptible nod and swallowed. Time seemed to slow again as she leaned forward, her nose brushing his. Despite the hammering of his heartbeat in his ears, Eric was suddenly aware of her breathing, that he'd leaned in as well to meet her. Though only a few seconds passed, it seemed like an eternity before she whispered, "I don't know why I'm doing this either." 

This time, the kiss was gentle, different than the previous two heated moments of spontaneity. Eric realized that his hand had come up to the side of her face, and marveled at the softness of the short fur, the smoothness of her mane as he ran his fingers through it. When it ended, a soft purr rumbled as she exhaled, her breathing suddenly just as heavy as his had become. 

"Do we have to know why?" Eric heard himself say. 

Kita's eyes slowly opened and her gaze met his. "It would be easier if we didn't." 

Eric swallowed, giving a very slight nod. His fingers traced around the behind of one of her ears, and suddenly her lips were on his again, more insistent than the first time. A tingle ran down his spine as he felt her hand on the nape of his neck, her fingers firm but gentle at the same time, pulling him partway onto her as she laid back, using her discarded garments to rest her head. He lost track of how long it was before they broke free again, her purring even louder than beforehand. 

"You're sure you've never done that before?" He asked, stroking her cheek. 

The corner of her mouth curled up in a cheeky grin, displaying one of her fangs. "Once, or did you forget about that?" 

Eric gave a short laugh. "Quick learner then. Thank you for not getting nippy, by the way" he said, one finger tracing under her lower lip. 

"I didn't think you'd like that" she replied, her hand coming up to catch his, pulling it down to just above her cleavage. Eric's gaze followed the motion and his eyes went wide as he was suddenly reminded of the fact that she still wasn't wearing anything. Kita followed his gaze and gave an impish grin. "But, you might like this." she suddenly moved his hand so that it cupped the globe of her left breast. 

Eric gulped and let out a ragged breath. "Oh yeah...definitely". They were as amazing as they looked...a perfect handful, as he'd thought days earlier. More remarkable though, even beneath the soft warmth of her breast, he could feel the firm musculature underneath. The combination of warrior and woman was absolutely incredible A ripple ran through the muscle as he gave a gentle squeeze, eliciting another purr of contentment from Kita. 

"I think I might understand that now." she breathed. 

Eric grinned. "So you're enjoying this then?" 

Kita returned the smile. "Less talking, it distracts you from other things" she suddenly pulled him in for another searing kiss. 

*Thump* 

"OW!!" 

++++++ 

"You're sure you're okay?" Kita asked again, the embarrassment still evident in her voice. 

"Yes, seriously, I'm okay." Eric replied, an amused grin on his face as they followed their now familiar path. "In hindsight, it's actually kind of funny...ow...and besides, it was totally worth it." 

"I know, but you're sure you don't want me to..." 

"For the last time yes!" he exclaimed. "Besides, I thought you said that you weren't going to carry me?" 

"That was then, this is now. I thought you'd agreed I was allowed to change my mind." 

Eric shook his head in amusement. The argumentative streak she possessed was still very much alive, and honestly, it was endearing. As was the sudden enthusiasm she'd shown for affection, though it was a little energetic for his current state of wellness. His leg throbbed again in a painful reminder of the awkward way he'd lost his balance, putting almost all his weight on the injury. It had taken him almost five minutes to assure Kita that she hadn't made things worse. It took another five to convince her he didn't need help getting dressed after a random gust of wind reminded them it would be better to continue the "conversation" back at the cave, since neither wanted to be drenched by a surprise storm again. 

"Just because you can change your mind doesn't mean you have." Eric retorted. "Anyways, we're almost there." 

"Really? I couldn't tell, as slow as you're going." Kita's voice had taken a playful tone to it now 

"Hey" Eric responded with mock offense. "I wasn't complaining when you were like this" 

"I don't recall ever being that slow" Kita shot back over her shoulder as she moved ahead of him, a slight skip to her step. "And if I was, I'm surprised that you didn't shoot me just out of spite for taking so long" 

"I'd certainly be missing out right now" Eric replied, his focus unconsciously settling on Kita's swaying rear end. The slow walk she'd assumed while accompanying him made it very easy to appreciate the toned musculature and womanly curves. 

"Missing out?" Kita looked back at him over her shoulder just in time to catch his gaze snap back up to her face. The slight reddish tint that spread across his face made it even clearer just what he'd been staring at. "Just what exactly would you be missing out on?" She asked, hoping that the sudden fluttering sensation in her chest didn't show in her voice. 

"Well, you." he replied 

"Me? What about me?" 

Eric shrugged. "What happened. Back there. You know..." 

"Know what?" Kita asked, turning back to the trail. As funny as it was to see him squirm, she realized she was genuinely curious about what he had to say, and she didn't trust herself to keep a straight face. 

"You don't know?" Eric asked incredulously, his eyes once again unconsciously drifting to the place where her tail disappeared below her waistband. 

"First I know, then I don't? Make up your mind!" Kita retorted, trying to keep the playful tone in her voice. 

"Alright, fine," Eric rolled his eyes in amusement. "If that's how you're playing it, I'll say it. I'd be missing out on the way your tail and everything else attached to it moves while you're walking in front of me." 

Kita stopped mid stride, slowly looking back toward Eric. "What exactly does that mean?" she asked, a slight waver finally making its way into her voice. 

Eric grinned a little. "Don't tell me no one's ever let you know how beautiful you are." 

Kita gave a very slight shake of her head. "Compliments are not seen as necessary on Ketra. Actions speak louder than words so... it is the statement of a fact that demonstrates honor or prestige." 

Eric processed that bit of information for a moment before nodding. "Alright, well then lets talk facts. The actions we just took back at the river spoke very loudly. I'm sure you can't argue that. And it's a simple fact that by human standards at least, you have an incredible body." He paused for a moment, thinking about his next words. "It's obvious that you have trained your body to great lengths. You are strong, you are fast, and you move gracefully. You have also survived far more than anyone should ever be expected to endure in your life. And how I see you..." He met her gaze with his own. "You've shown me the part of you that has stayed hidden from others. Your humor. Your care. Your intelligence. You are so much more than just another mindless warrior. And I am honored that you've let me become so close to you." 

Kita stared at him over her shoulder, blinking a few times as his words sunk in. Then, without saying anything she turned around to face Eric, steadying his shoulder with one hand. With the other, she gently traced the scaring that was forming across the left side of his face. He watched her large golden eyes following the path her fingers took, before they finally met his gaze. 

"Scars are given high regard. They speak of actions without need for meaningless words". He felt a tickle as she again brushed her fingers over the two deep notches that now crossed his left ear. "I don't have to tell you what you have done for me. There are no words that would have enough strength to deliver that message. I have been unable to express my gratitude to the fullest for this reason." 

Eric shook his head lightly. "You don't have to..." 

Kita cut him off, her fingers moving to press across his mouth. "For me to feel complete, to over come my part in the time we have been here, I must. Words are not enough, nor would I want them to be, Van Eric" 

"Words...wait." Eric blinked in confusion. "Van?" 

"It means hunter" 

"I'm a doctor, not a hunter. I don't understand". 

Kita slowly embraced him, her right hand gently pressing head against her chest so his good ear was just above her breasts. "Are you able to hear?" she asked. 

Eric slowly nodded. Once he'd managed to slow down his breathing, which had suddenly become heavy on its own accord, he was able to hear the sound of her heart. He knew from the first medical scans he'd taken that her normal heart rate was slightly faster than a humans. What he heard now was much faster, although she hadn't been doing any kind of strenuous physical activity, so why was... 

Oh. 

Kita released him, then pressed her forehead against his so her eyes were directly in line with his.. "You have now heard your prey, Van Eric. You have tracked it down through rough terrain, and have risked your life to follow it. If you are the hunter I believe you to be, you will not let it escape." With that, she quickly kissed him, turned around and darted off into the woods. 

"Wait I can't..." Eric looked after her incredulously, gesturing helplessly with his hands to the crutches supporting his weight. "How am I supposed to..." He paused, looking around as his surroundings suddenly looked very familiar. About 50 feet away, he saw the entrance to their cave. When had that happened? Eric shook his head, and then grinned as a thought occurred to him. Despite almost getting killed five times since arriving on this planet, it looked like it just might have been worth it. 

+++++++++++++ 

Kita suppressed a giggle as she watched his apparent confusion. In a ketral, such clueless behavior would be a sign of ineptitude, but for him, it was endearing. In all seriousness, aside from the fact that he still wasn't entirely recovered from the incident with Turvan, she also needed some time to deal with herself. While she'd just made up her mind on what she was going to do, by no means was it going to be easy. If it had to end this way, it would be on her terms. 

++++++++++++++ 

Over the next few days, Eric didn't see much of Kita. At first it was worrying, but it soon became clear that she was around. He'd wake up and find that her blanket was next to him instead of in her usual position across the cave, and it would still be warm. He'd gotten up from the solitaire game he was playing one day to relieve himself in the woods, and when he'd returned, the game had been moved ahead a few steps, though the moves weren't correct, and one of the aces was wedged between two logs of firewood instead of its previous position in the game. And he could have sworn that a number of times, he'd seen a very familiar tufted tail silently disappearing into the woods. 

The good news was he was finally able to be rid of the damned crutches. While the bruising still looked bad, Eric knew the riot of purple and greenish yellow was indicative of the normal healing process, and was now managing the pain with medications that could be found at your average over the counter pharmacy on Earth. 

It wasn't until the fourth day since she'd disappeared that things changed. Eric had gone for a quick dip at the river, and was about to pull his shirt on when a snapping sound caught his attention. Slowly setting down the canteen and drawing his pistol, he scanned the forest lining their small inlet. He was certain it had come from somewhere over... 

"You're getting better" 

To his credit Eric didn't jump as badly this time either, even though the voice had come from directly above him. Kita was about 10 feet over his head, draped over a branch. Tossing down the two halves of the stick she'd snapped in half, she gave a very feline yawn before lithely swinging down and landing in a crouch next to him. "The first two days I did that, you weren't paying attention." 

"Do I get to find out where you've been these past days?" Eric asked, holstering the pistol and offering her the canteen he'd filled earlier. 

"I haven't been anywhere" Kita replied, casually unscrewing the cap on the offered canteen. "I have been busy, however." 

"How so?" Eric raised an eyebrow, although it was impossible to keep a grin off his face. It was good to see her again. 

"Mostly waiting for you to not be lame anymore." she paused to take a drink. "But I figured I'd look around, make sure there wasn't a risk of interruptions. I don't know how I could stand losing another pistol." 

Eric nodded, rolling his eyes at the verbal jab. "That would be bad. So, why exactly did you run off alone?" 

"As I said, I have been busy." 

Eric stared at her for a moment before noticing the cheeky glint in her eye. Waiting for her to put down the canteen, he reached over to brush away a strand of hair that had come loose from her pony tail. She leaned into his touch, and before he knew what was happening she had pulled him half way into her lap, her mouth urgently pressed against his. 

"I missed you too." he gasped when she finally let him come up for air. "I'm glad we're back to doing that again." 

"Mmm..." The sound she made was half voice, half purr. "About that. I'm afraid that things are going to be somewhat different." 

Eric blinked. "In what way?" 

"I already told you. You've tracked your prey, but you have yet to ensure it doesn't escape. If you want more, you're going to need to live up to your title, Van Eric" 

Eric laughed, draping his shirt across his shoulders in lieu of putting it back on. "Again with the hunter thing again?" 

"Well, only if you want to." Kita moved him out of her lap and stood. "But it was my impression that you were enjoying the chase. So if you want to taste your prey..." she turned her back, and the cloth she'd wrapped around her chest suddenly fell to the ground next to Eric. "You're going to need to finish the hunt." Eric sat dumbfounded for a moment as she sauntered into the trees, her hips swaying provocatively in a manner that was certainly deliberate. She looked over her shoulder at him for a moment, then took off at a jog. 

Eric stared at her retreating form for a moment before reaching over to pick up the discarded cloth, still warm from her body heat. While he had no idea what she was up to, who was he to argue with her? Besides, it was after all the gentlemanly thing to do, returning something that a woman had dropped. And there was no way in hell he was letting her run away again. 

++++++ 

It was obvious she wasn't really running away this time. He was pretty sure he'd seen her pause and look over her shoulder at least once. The odd thing was though, he was starting to recognize the general direction on where they were headed to, and he wasn't entirely sure why. Sure enough, he arrived at the clearing where the fight with Turvan had occurred. He hadn't returned since the incident, and things had changed significantly. 

The corpse was no longer present, though the claw marks that marred the tree he'd taken cover behind were still evidence of the struggle that had occurred. The most obvious change however, was rather striking. A canopy of sorts had been woven together from tree limbs, some still attached to the trees around the clearing, with vines used as tie wraps in various locations to hold the structure together. The ground beneath the canopy had been cleared of all hard debris, rocks and dead fall, and a layer of dry leaf litter had been spread in its place. On top of the leaves, the two survival blankets were spread out. 

"You were busy." he said as Kita appeared from behind a tree to his right. He recognized it as the one he'd been pinned against. "What is all this?" 

"You know where this is, right?" She asked. 

He nodded. 

"When a battle of great importance happens, the battlefield becomes special, sacred almost, to those who survived." she slowly moved across the clearing, a kaleidoscope of sunlight splashing across her bare breasts as she did. She traced the claw marks on the tree with one hand as she continued. "It is the place where fate decided that you were strong enough to keep living, that something greater in store awaits you. Because of this, the way that life continued even when death threatened, we favor these locations when it comes to the start of new life." 

Eric nodded again. "I understand all of the first part, but what do you mean by new life?". 

"Well, maybe it's not the same, since...well, I doubt that it would happen..." she stopped and Eric was surprised to see a nervous smile on her face. "Van Eric. You have tracked your prey. Your hunt is almost at an end. And as your prey, this will be my last hunt." 

At first the words didn't quite sink in. Eric stared blankly for a few seconds before his jaw dropped open. "Wait, you're not talking about..." 

Kita simply nodded and moved to kneel on one of the blankets beneath the canopy. Turning so her rear was facing him, she bent down on all fours with her tail in the air, the tails of her makeshift loin cloth brushing the ground between her knees.  
