 A pair of old, beat up T-31 star-fighters rocketed towards the the asteroid field that ringed Dravin IV. Millions of years ago it could have ended up as Dravin IV's moon, but it hadn't quite made it, leaving just a ring of rocks dust and ice chunks. It also made for an excellent space obstacle course.

In his Z-62, Aiden glanced nervously at the controls. There was a persistent rumble from the rear of the star-fighter and it was bothering him. These old Headhunters might just fall apart at any moment, he thought, and it was preventing him from keeping his mind on the upcoming course.

"Hey, Hayseed! Heads up, we have incoming," came Jada's voice over the comm.

Aiden looked up to see that a glimmer of light was arcing towards them from the direction of the asteroids. Gradually it resolved into another Headhunter, a much newer one that resembled a Valkyrie.

"Rookie Flight, this is Commander Farrell, report in!" snapped a gruff voice.

"Rookie One, standing by," replied Aiden smartly.

"Rookie Two, standing by," added Jada.

"Good. Get into formation with me. We'll be running through your space navigation course and then going through the asteroid field course. But let's get one thing straight right now: You want to impress me? Show me control and discipline. Without those, you'll never stand a chance against the enemy. Do I make my self clear?"

"Uh, Yes sir!" replied Aiden

"No problem, boss!" said Jada.

"No problem, SIR, Rookie Two," snapped back Farrell. Aiden couldn't help but grin slightly. It was nice to see Jada put in her place every once in a while.

Farrell ran them through the space navigation course, which involved basic spaceflight and orbital mechanics and sub-light navigation, like a drill sergeant from basic training. Then it was time for the asteroids.

"Be careful in here. Unlike Ryders Canyon, the obstacles here are moving. Always dodge the rocky ones but feel free to shoot ice asteroids out of your way. But don't make a competition out of it!" ordered Farrell. And with that, the two rookies dove into the twisting shifting maze of tumbling chunks as Farrell flew over the field's plane to observe them.

Aiden found himself sweating slightly and gripping his controls more tightly. The Z-62 Headhunter's shields would be able to protect him from even moderate impacts with asteroids, but if he screwed up badly enough, he end up becoming orbiting debris himself! His finger twitched on the trigger as some dirty white ice asteroids tumbled towards him. The triple pulse cannons on each wing tip spat out hot red fire and the ice chunks burst into a thousand, million tiny shards that hissed against his shields.

"Hey, I got some!" he crowed.

"Great, don't get cocky," replied Commander Farrell.

Aiden grumbled some to himself but supposed that the Commander was right that it wasn't too much to boast about.

It wasn't too much longer before Aiden was able to dive around a cluster of asteroids, blow two more ice asteroids out of the way and he was out. To his slight dismay, Jada was there ahead of him.

"There you are. I was beginning to think that I'd lost you," she said, slightly sarcastically.

Aiden was about to snap back a retort when Farrell broke in.

"Alright, knock it off! Now that you've completed this stage of the exercises, proceed back to Dravin IV and the gauntlet for the final leg. Good luck, you're gonna need it."

"Um, how did we do on this part of the test, sir?" asked Aiden uncertainly.

"You'll find out at the debriefing, Rookie One," replied Farrell with what Aiden could have sworn was a very grim tone to his voice. Maybe that was just because of Jada's teasing? Right?

***

"Things go from bad to worse lately," thought Lieutenant Aiden Hunt as he walked down the corridor of the Kriegsmarine frigate, Vahalla af Dravin 3. Recently things had gone very bad for the Reich. First it had been the massacre at Dravin III. A convoy that had been transporting materials absolutely vital to the Reich had been completely smashed by a Khawarij ambush. Only a few months ago had been the battle of Dravin VII and Aiden had fought hard in Wolf Squadron during that battle. The main Kriegsmarine base there had been destroyed which had been a serious, but not completely fatal, blow to the Kriegsmarine.

"And that's why I'm here," thought Aiden. He felt that the task ahead would be more difficult than many of the battles he had fought against the Khawarij Empire. He was going to convince Admiral Raeder to form a new flight squadron.

"Come in," called Admiral Raeder. Aiden entered the office that was Raeder's domain and delivered a crisp salute, which the Admiral returned wearily. The Battle of Torreon III was still affecting the man.

"Sit down Lieutenant. Have some ale. So what brings you to my office?" Aiden decided it would be best to get straight to the point with the Admiral.

"Sir, I request permission to create a new flight squadron sir." Raeder arched his eyebrows.

"Are you aware Lieutenant that supplies of such craft are extremely limited at this time?"

"Yes sir."

"Then why ask Lieutenant?"

"Sir our supplies are running low and so is morale. What I want to do is create a squadron with no specific mission objective, just like Wolf Squadron. I want to do this for several reasons. First we need as many elite and talented pilots out there, fighting the Khawarij, as we can. Second we've been losing a lot of pilots lately and we need to bring newly trained pilots into the fold quickly. Finally I believe that I can better serve the Luftwaffe in command of my own squadron, since I think that my time in Wolf Squadron has prepared me for it."

"Wolf Squadron isn't good enough for you?"

"Wolf Squadron will always be good enough for me, but I think that elite pilot/squad leaders would be... tactically wise."

Raeder sat there, contemplating.

"Attention!" he said and Aiden sprang to his feet, "All right Lieutenant, I can see the sense in your idea, so consider yourself promoted to the rank of brevet Captain. You do realize that not many pilots are willing to join up within us after the aforementioned battles of Torreon III and Dravin III? "'Cause if you want this squad you are going to have to borrow and beg and maybe even steal after a fashion. And that won't be pretty. Do you understand?"

"Yes sir!"

"Good. Now pack your bags, grab your Valkyrie and head over to Dravin Base. I believe you know it?"

"Yes sir!"

"Dismissed," Aiden saluted and began to walk out, "Oh and Lieutenant? The reason I gave you the rank of brevet Captain was because if this fighter squad of yours hasn't proved itself within three months you can consider yourself a Wolf again. But if this little experiment of yours does work then you can consider your promotion permanent. Understood?"

"Yes sir!"

"Then go!" Aiden saluted again and then walked out of the office and didn't let the big scream of joy escape him until he was in his quarters.

***

The Dravin system was only a few light years away from Torreon, which made it very convenient for a fighter-training base. As Aiden approached the planet a dozen different emotions filled him. He had completed his training as a fighter pilot here at the tender age of 16. He was also beginning to wonder if it had been such a good idea to leave his home world in the border of the Outer Rim, and go gallivanting off into space. He had only sent four messages home in the last five years. One to tell his family that he had become a Luftwaffe pilot, one to tell them about the battle of Torreon III, one to tell them about his transfer to Wolf Squadron, and one he had sent a few days after Torreon III. Of course it was quite likely, with security procedures in place, that he would be able to deliver the messages in person. He was also wondering about his decision to leave the Wolf and start his own squad. He had met many of his best friends in the squad. But just about half of Wolf Squadron had perished at Torreon III. But he waved away those doubts and reveled in the fact that that he was about to start his own squadron. As he settled his Valkyrie down in the hangar, he was bubbling with excitement. As he opened his cockpit, he saw Lilana Lao and Weis Sylvania.

"Lilana! Weis! What the hell are you two doing here?"

"Wait! We can't talk to an ex-Wolf!" said Lilana.

"That's right," said Weis, "we must shun him! They both turned their backs to him as if he weren't worth their time.

"I'm not amused," said Aiden. Lilana and Weis turned around and shook his hand. Aiden grinned and rolled his eyes, used to the pair's eternally sarcastic attitudes.

"So what are you two doing here?"

"Didn't Admiral Raeder tell you?" said Lilana exaggerating high astonishment, "All of Wolf Squadron has been assigned here to rebuild."

"Well then if all the crew are here, let's find the nearest cantina and knock down a couple," said Aiden throwing his arms around their shoulders.

"But I thought you didn't drink!" said the two Wolves said in unison.

"I don't," said Aiden, pleased that he had caught them off guard, " but we always hang out in the bar, and I still have to get you back for that time you spiked my drink..."