 True courage is not the absence of fear, it is the conquering of it.

***

"By the Prophet's black heart, what sort of a stunt was that, Liz?"

"Give me some credit, Kev, it was an evasive maneuver!"

"Sure, if you were 'evading' a beached whale! You would have been vapebait for an Jaheem on a bad-"

"Kids."

The warning tone of Captain Aiden Hunt crackling through their group channel ended the banter between the pilots. Ensign Lisa Starr, nicknamed 'Liz', muted her mic, and sighed. She had thought that was a clever move, sort of a standard corkscrew spin while reversing thrusters, but it sounded like it didn't have the effect she hoped it would. The Captain wasn't complaining, but he didn't compliment her either, so it looked like the effort didn't fly.

Metaphorically speaking.

"Alright, that's enough on the solo maneuvers, resume cruise configuration" Captain Hunt ordered, his voice cool and always reassuring. "Form up behind me, double dagger and prepare for re-entry."

'I guess that's it for today,' Lisa mused as she retracted the foils and brought her Valkyrie alongside her lead, Ensign Kevan 'Kev' Jaks. The six ship squadron fell into two three-ship units, Siria and Base Star veteran Captain Aiden Hunt heading up the newly formed 'Phoenix' Squadron.

It was an honor for a new pilot - Lisa had only completed flight school three months ago - to even be in the same flight as the famed 'Knight Leader', one of the best pilots the Luftwaffe had ever seen, a solid second to his friend - and Templar-in-training - Johann Strauss. Considering that Strauss had 'The Mystica' to enhance and sharpen his senses, Aiden Hunt' rivaling of the hero of Syria was all the more stunning.

Almost as stunning as his flawless face, rich brown hair, unshakable nerve, athletic figure, winning smile and charmingly unassuming personality.

Silly teenager ogling aside, Lisa had other reasons for wanting to make a good impression on the young Captain. She had always hoped that one day, she too could qualify to fly with the Knight Squadron, and have her Valkyrie marked with the silver stripes and infamous insignia of the elite fighter unit that, for many, symbolized the strengths and hopes of the entire Fifth Reich. The scream over the heads of Jaheem tyrants and let the whole wide galaxy know that resistance was never futile. Not even the planet killing Base Star could stand in their way.

It was why she had signed on with the Reich in the first place, despite the protests of her loved and much-missed family. Her parents were secretly Reich sympathizers, though they could make no open show of their opinions on the Core World of Belarus, and Lisa had been exposed to the horrific reality of the Jaheem, its formation and its methods, since the day she was old enough to stomach it. Her father, a Reich combat pilot prior to the First War, had worked tirelessly to establish in his children's minds the principles of liberty and democracy that he had sworn to and fought for in his younger days. Her mother showed them images and vids from the HoloNet, unforgettable scenes like the Tyrol Massacre and Holdomor Holocaust.

Her parents had hoped that such education would deter their children from joining the Jaheem Military Corps, and from becoming desensitized to the brutality of the Jaheem, by peer pressure and propaganda.

They hadn't expected it to spur their only daughter to join the resistance.

But in the end, her parents gave their assent, fully knowing that they would likely never see Lisa again. Aside from the perils of war, no active duty member of the Reich could enter a Core World without express permission and utmost secrecy; the risks were too great. Even her two older brothers knew nothing of her activity since the day she was whisked away by disguised Reich recruitment agents, then blindfolded and shipped to a remote base in the Rim Worlds, to begin her new life.

It had been more than two years, since that day. Two full years in training and orientation. But now, after the intense, often grueling days of boot camp and flight school, it was beginning to pay off. Now, she had her wings, commanded one of the best starfighters in the galaxy, had survived her first five combat missions, and was serving under the command of the dashing Captain Aiden Hunt.

Well, she was flying with him, anyways. And maybe... someday.

With another sigh, Lisa pushed away her idle daydreams of silver stripes and handsome hotshot pilots, and concentrated on keeping her position within their formation, without coming too close to the testy Kev's lancing tips...

"Watch it, Liz! A fucking good sneeze and we're swapping paint-jobs!"

Gritting her teeth in frustration, Lisa addressed her mech-droid, "P5, give me ninety percent on the inertial compensator." The droid beeped its assent. It was a bit disconcerting to feel the weightlessness of space set in as the artificial gravity dropped, but it also allowed for more intuitive control, or so the pros said. Flying by the seat of the pants and all that shit.

"Switch all deflectors to front, prepare for re-entry."

"You heard him, 5," Lisa called out, checking her dive flaps. The muddy green sphere of Sari filled her viewscreen as Phoenix flight prepared to penetrate the planet's thick, humid atmosphere. Her locator had already locked on to the base's encrypted transponder, and now it was only a matter of hitting the navpoints as the flight neared Sari Base's landing platform.

It was Aiden's last flight with the new squad, and soon Phoenix Squadron would be official and deployed to who knows where, and the famous Captain would move on to assess other units. Maybe another day, she'd get her chance.

Suddenly alarms filled the cockpit. Emergency transmission indicators lit the control panel in crimson as Lisa scrambled to reset the sirens and accept the distress signal.

"Calling any and all Luftwaffe craft, this is the High Command Cruiser Eagle One," a strained male voice sounded over each pilot's headset. "We've been pulled out of gravity-drive and separated from our escort. Engaged by nine Destroyers, one Xian-class Interceptor Cruiser, indeterminate number of fighters. We need immediate reinforcements!"

The multilayered signal was already feeding coordinates into the Valkyries' navacoms as the officer continued to rattle off details of the emergency. "We can't jump until the Interceptor is neutralized. We have no fighters aboard. Long range communications are jammed."

Lisa whispered orders to her mech-droid. "Patch those coordinates in, 5, and get us ready for-"

The words froze in her mouth as the officer spoke the words she had known only from boot camp. The words every Reich soldier feared most.

"Our cargo is hot."

Cargo is hot.

Translated: The vessel was carrying the core of the Fifth Reich. Commander-in-Chief Anna D'arc, General Ryker, and Princess Gisela Deja. The leaders, the masterminds that kept the Reich alive and strong through their darkest hours, who were the personification of hope and freedom throughout the galaxy, for every oppressed citizen and fugitive. Knight Squadron might represent the arm of the Fifth Reich, but these men and women were the heart and soul of the Kriegsmarine to Restore the Reich. They were the future of freedom and democracy in the galaxy.

And they were at the mercy of a Jaheem Starfleet, to be either vaporized or taken captive. No gravity-drive jump, no fighters, no support craft.

"Fuck!" Kev swore over the headset. "Can't the fucking brass keep their own asses out of-"

"Phoenix flight!" Captain Hunt's urgent command cut off the pilot's protest. "All units assume those coordinates. We're the only fighters that can reach the Eagle One in time. Loosen formation and prepare for gravity-drive."

Lisa wasted no time bringing her Valkyrie around to clear the planet as Phoenix flight scrambled to assume the calculated trajectory. This is it. She'd flown in combat before, but this was different. This was a crisis. This was her moment to prove her skill and and her courage, along with her squad mates. Six fighters. Nine Destroyers and one Interceptor Cruiser.

And the future of the Reich in the balance.

***

P5 whistled the all clear, and Lisa pulled the lever. The gravity-drive alarm wailed its warning, and the starscape stretched to infinity.

As the streaked sky of hyperspace folded in on itself, Lisa wasted not a second to resume communications with her squadron. They materialized on either side of her within seconds, and Captain Hunt immediately began giving orders.

"All wings, report in," Aiden's voice was surprisingly calm, his trademark coolness already settling in even as they prepared to engage the enemy.

"Phoenix two, standing by," Lieutenant Evan Landers answered first, followed by his wing Ensign Hermione Riddick, flying Phoenix three.

Ensign Sol Navarro, a young Venusian male, flying as Aiden's wingman, was next. "Phoenix five, standing by," he announced, with a faint native accent.

Kev's voice was deadly as he called in. "Phoenix six, standing by."

Lisa felt her knees quivering even beneath her zero-G straps. "Phoenix seven, standing by," she called in, hoping her voice sounded steady as she began combing her sensors for the battle site.

"Bandits at six o'clock!" Lieutenant Landers shouted, just as the IFF sensors began to pick up the hostile signals.

"Form up behind me and break left." There was hardly a trace of nervousness in Aiden's voice; the man possessed an unbreakable calm when things heated up. Lisa hurried to bring her fighter around, watching as the red dots on her scope swung into her line of sight.

She stifled a gasp. "Oh shit."

The battle - if it could even be called that - was in full swing, the distinctive silhouettes of the Jaheem Destroyers heading directly towards the rebels as the massive starships pursued the fleeing Eagle One. The bulbous Kriegsmarine vessel had already taken substantial damage, and the Destroyers hadn't even opened fire yet. Swarms of round, silver specks reflected the light of nearby nebulae as they made pass after pass against the beleaguered Nebula-class Cruiser, while the Destroyers stalked it, waiting their time to strike.

"Phoenix flight, set all deflectors double front and disregard all fighters, our only target is the Interceptor at four and nine. Repeat, disregard all fighters."

Lisa could practically hear Kev cursing already, from the privacy of his cockpit. The double ace was a little bit obsessed with Defenders, and he had a record to prove his mettle.

"Lock wings in attack positions," Aiden ordered as the flight closed the gap between them and the Jaheem hoard. Lisa raised her right arm to bring her Valkyrie into combat readiness. The servomotors hummed as the wings extended, forming the iconic 'V' profile the fighter was known for.

"Mark the Interceptor on your targeting computer, arm concussion torpedoes. We'll make a run on the bridge."

Lisa confirmed her four torpedoes were primed and ready, even as she scanned the black sky for incoming 'boogies'. This is going to be hell. A mere six Valkyrie, flying what was essentially a straight and level bombing run amidst at least a agile hundred Defender fighters.

It didn't take long for their presence to be recognized, and a couple dozen of the M25's peeled off from the main attack run, making for the approaching Luftwaffe fighters.

"Bandits incoming!"

"Steady Phoenix five," Aiden warned his wingman. "Accelerate to attack speed."

Lisa passed on the order to her droid her eyes glued to the rapidly approaching fighters, gleaming like dim stars as they moved to intercept the Valkyries.

"We're coming in range," Kev called out, tension in his gruff voice.

"Hold your fire, we need every shot to count. Phoenix three and seven," Lisa snapped to attention at the sound of her callsign, "torpedoes, now!"

Reflex took over. Lisa punched the targeting computer, and as the lock tone growled through her headset she squeezed off two of her four concussion charges towards the Defenders. Another pair from Riddicks' ship were not far behind.

"Phoenix flight, break hard left!"

The six Valkyries swooped, pivoting on their starboard wings as they struggled to throw off the imminent barrage. The two pairs of torpedoes hurtled into the gaggle of M25s, and Lisa saw several explosions register on her scope as she pulled her fighter around.

Unfortunately, none of them were hers. As Phoenix flight came out of the turn Lisa saw her carelessly aimed rounds sailing harmlessly past their targets, clear evidence of an overshot on the part of an over-eager fighter-jock-wannabe.

Riddick, a younger pilot, was galaxies more lucky, her torpedoes chalking up the only kills of the salvo. "I got them! I got them!"

Lisa almost groaned in misery at her miss, even though she knew it was silly to think of impressing the Captain in the heat of battle. For his part, despite her obvious rookie error, Aiden's voice held an even note of praise for both pilots. "Good shot, girls, that'll break up their formation, now hold your fire."

Aiden's careful encouragement did little to raise Lisa's spirits - she knew Kev was going to rib her forever in the mess after that performance - but any disillusionment she might have felt was gone in an instant as they were plunged into the hornet's nest. Eagle One filled the viewscreen as Phoenix flight came within meters of the massive ship, their aggressive maneuvering and cutting across the lines of fire forcing several M25s to break off their runs to avoid collisions. The fleeing Cruiser sped beneath them, and as they left it behind Lisa couldn't help but shiver at the intimidating sight.

Ten Destroyers. Nine Riyadh-class, in the unmistakable diamond cross section that every Luftwaffe pilot knew all too well. And one of the dreaded Xian-class, a highly specialized variant that was designed for the sole purpose of pulling ships out of gravity-drive, and prevent them from returning.

How they had gotten the coordinates for the Eagle One's jump was a mystery. It seemed like an inside job, as horrible as that would be. But it didn't matter now. They had to disable that ship, and allow the Eagle One to make her escape.

The Jaheem knew it too. The Interceptor was flanked on all quadrants by the heavily-armed Destroyers, creating a seamless field of fire to welcome any comers. This isn't going to be easy.

"Full throttle, kids, we're going in." The pink glow of Aiden's sub-light engines flared a bright red as the Valkyrie rocketed towards the capital ships. The remaining pilots quickly followed suite, bringing their fighters up to terminal velocity.

But by this point they had company.

"I got two of them on my tail!" Riddick called, her voice bordering on frantic.

Lisa's stomach lurched; in an attack run with this configuration, the Valkyrie was distinctly vulnerable from behind.

"Calm down, Phoenix five," Aiden ordered, his tone calm and almost soothing. "Stay on course, I'll clear you."

With that, Aiden's Valkyrie seemed to disappear, as a quick thrust reversal brought his craft into what must have been a gut wrenching tumble. Lisa couldn't see what the Captain actually pulled off once he fell behind, but she heard Riddicks' sigh of relief. "Thanks, Phoenix Lead."

Aiden's fighter roared back into the lead, and Lisa was about to allow herself to feel some relief when all hell broke loose.

At least four wings of Defenders came screaming at them from three o' clock. Streaks of red lit up the blackness of space as a barrage of tracer bolts began peppering the Luftwaffe. "Take evasive action!" Aiden called, before breaking hard right.

Lisa broke left, following Kev as Phoenix flight scattered before the withering Jaheem fire. The two Valkyries went into a barrel roll, trying to throw off the Jaheem targeting systems. P5 screamed in alarm as two bolts struck Lisa's port wing. "Hang in there little buddy," she spoke between clenched teeth. "Give twenty five percent to the rear deflectors, that should hold them back for a while."

But not for long. Lisa tried to get a visual on the Interceptor, but it wasn't in her field of view any longer. Another M25 fighter screamed past her wing on the port side, before looping back for another strike. "Kev!" she shouted. "Can you see the target?"

"Negative," Kev's voice was severe and calculated. "I'm trying to get a lock on my targeting computer, but it's a bit busy over here-"

A string of curses erupted over the comm as Phoenix Six took a solid hit from behind. Kev broke right, cutting across Lisa's path. "I'll take him out, Kev!" she shouted, slamming her fighter in reverse thrust mode to get on the unseen Defender's tail.

Sure enough, the fighter roared along Kev's trajectory, and directly into Lisa's sights. A quick burst, and the Jaheem was reduced to mere sparks.

"Thanks, Liz," Kev ground out, still maneuvering to stay out from under the hundred or so Defenders still hunting.

"My pleasure," Lisa called back, feeling a bit smug at her success.

Aiden's voice again crackled through their squad channel. "Phoenix, all units get to the Interceptor and form up! The Eagle One is taking severe damage, they can't last much longer."

Lisa forced back her victor's jubilation. It isn't over, not by a long shot. "Do you have the target, Kev?"

A short pause, then her Lead responded, "Got em, let's go."

Thank the Lord. Lisa slammed her throttle to the wall, as the two Valkyries made for the impromptu rendezvous.

"There it is," Kev called, as the Jaheem starfleet filled their view.

Nestled among the intimidating Jaheem warships was the Interceptor, resembling a typical Destroyer overall, but with four large domes - housing the grav-well generators, that could pull any vessel within range out of hyperspace and into Jaheem hands.

"This is it, kids," Aiden warned. "Make for the bridge, we have to take this boy out."

Lisa's eyes widened at the sight; this was the largest Jaheem fleet she'd seen in battle yet. Even a single Destroyer was a fearsome foe for a full flight of Valkyries, to fight them outnumbered was suicide.

But so were most missions, for the Luftwaffe.

'We just have to get past them, once we knock the ship out we're home free.' Steeling herself, Lisa brought her own targeting computer online, and locked onto the target vessel. In a matter of seconds, they were within range of the Destroyer fire.

And hell just got that much hotter.

The massive pulse batteries opened up on the Valkyries as they struggled to regain formation. Wave upon wave of red bolts flashed past Lisa and Kev, obscuring their vision. P5 wailed in warning, as several bolts struck the stabilizer. "Try to fix it, 5, I'll get us out of here as soon as I can."

The droid beeped in mournful acquiescence, and Lisa tried to at least keep her wingman in sight as the enemy fire forced the Luftwaffe pilots further apart. "Make for the bridge!" Aiden shouted. "Disregard formation, all pilots make for the bridge and give it everything you've got!"

"You heard him, Liz," Kev called put over their wing channel. "It's showtime."

Lisa winced as another red bolt found it's mark. "I'm not sure I like how this story ends."

"Follow my lead," Kev ordered. "We'll skim the ship and try and stay under their fire."

Phoenix six veered hard left, making a collision course for the nearest Jaheem warship. Lisa followed only a ship's length behind. The underside of the massive hull became a horizon as the pair came within a hundred meters of the vessel, jinking at the last minute to avoid impact. As they ran the length of the Destroyer from bow to stern, proximity alarms blaring, Lisa could just make out the looming gray hulk of the Interceptor coming up on their starboard side.
