 "Why didn't you warn me about that tea stuff?" Fredi laughingly asked me a few evenings later while we were having group dinner upstairs in the Ops dining hall. She was radiant this evening, positively glowing and not wearing too much in the way of clothes. A short cotton skirt came to about mid-thigh, almost, and she was sporting proudly a cotton t-shirt obviously without a bra. I could have sat there and admired her nipples all evening! 

"Well, I do vaguely remember using the words, if not exactly the precise phrase of 'drink that stuff and you'll turn into a bisexual nymphomaniac slut', or something very much like that. I don't think you quite believed me." 

"Well, it did seem a bit preposterous! Why isn't that stuff marketed like Viagra for Women? You'd make a fortune selling that stuff!" 

"Meah, we can't really. It's sort of a scarce flower even on Poravuvu and its use is usually reserved for the priest caste and the royal family. There are sacred taboos about its use, especially concerning non-natives. We get just enough of the stuff for our own amusement as sort of a care package from Queen Ele'ele. I'm not sure that it can be artificially synthesized in a lab, and certainly not to commercial production levels. Besides, as I think you've noticed, the stuff is rather potent and the world is populated enough as it is without crazed women fucking like minks out in the middle of the street, frightening the horses and the children. Fess up, you're actually beaming with sexual afterglow ... who did you let into your panties already, if you're still wearing any?" 

She turned all red and embarrassed, a certain indicator that she'd already given in to the peer pressure and spread, at least once ... and probably reciprocated as well. Eventually with a smile she fessed up. 

"Phyl came by my office last night asking me if I wanted to take a swim with her, or at least be her standby pool buddy. I'd been in the tunnels all day taking photos and a few last rock samples and was feeling very hot and grungy and wanted a swim too, and we stopped for more tea on the way down. So we turned on just a few lights, enough to see but it was still dim and romantic and we swam. Then we sort of rubbed into each other and then we were kissing. Then she put her hands on me and ran her fingers down inside of me and I just exploded. I'd never been so horny in my entire life! Then we kissed some more and put our hands all over each other. Then she used her tongue on me and after that I ate her out too. It was really hot and passionate and nice ... and then we just spent the night together in her bed. That was real nice too." 

"Phyl's real nice. What you see is what you get with her; she doesn't play games or favorites. She prefers guys to gals, but only slightly so. She can't have the one she really wants so she does the gals instead, no commitments, just fun. You could do worse. Claire's the other aggressive one here, more of a true dyke than the rest. She prefers women but wants to be the one done rather than always returning the favor. Sex is just another power game for her, so watch out. Cherry's a pure bisexual and just a horny nympho slut that will do anything with anyone and takes nothing but her lab technician job seriously. Peggy really prefers a hard cock, or a room full of them, but she doesn't mind eating out a cunt if it will get her own holes reamed out with either a strap-on or a big dildo afterwards. She's more into toys but knows her way around another gal's anatomy well enough." 

"I've noticed. I went into her office earlier this afternoon to look for an old file and when I was bending over she noticed that I wasn't wearing panties under my skirt. She ran a finger down my ass crack and by the time it touched my slit I was creaming myself! Five seconds later she'd pushed my ass on top of her desk, spread me wide and her head was in my snatch eating me out! I came about five seconds after that, and then twice again. Then while I was returning the favor, Cherry came in and planted her mouth under my cunt and started to lick me while I was finishing off her boss. Then I somehow ended up on the floor naked and 69'ing with Cherry, us frantically devouring each other's clits while Peggy started to pump our holes with dildos. Fuck, I've never cum so goddamned much in my entire life, even at college during one of our sorority parties!" 

"Well, I did warn you about the tea," I laughed, "so how's the job coming along?" 

"Better than I thought it would be. His notes weren't as disorganized as Peggy had thought and I really only need now to reexamine four or five more sites in the mine to complete the missing parts of his final report. I'd say I could get done in about another week ... assuming I don't get too many constant sexual distractions! Speaking of which, now you can take my ass down to your bed and fuck the shit out of me because just talking about fucking is now making me insanely horny all over again!" 

"Can't do, sadly ... I'm the boss, remember? Fortunately, the tea doesn't stir up men the way it does for women, otherwise we'd have never gotten anything done down here! There's Phyl, she just now walked in. Go over and start licking down her neck or just beg her to take you. It's the best I can offer ... just think, it's only another two days until Friday Night Dyke Lights! That should work off some serious frustration for you, assuming you can wait that long." 

She couldn't; less than a minute later the two women were trotting not walking upstairs to security to take the private staircase down to Phyl's bedroom. I was really, really tempted to make an unofficial inspection of the quarters downstairs just to listen in on their fun, but I reluctantly restrained myself. Instead I had another two or three beers more than I ought to have had and then soiled a full trio of tissues, spurting off alone in my bed at just the imaginary doings of my two favorite women. I was certain that the reality would have far outdone any fantasy that I could imagine! 

Besides there was no chance of the fantasy threesome ever becoming reality - Fredericka was a liar and a spy. Possibly an agent of evil for her masters at AIS. But she was still a pip ... and we needed her to flush out the other real spy in our midst, the original traitor that was apparently on the verge of selling all of our most closely guarded secrets away! 

It was a dull and very quiet Friday evening. At least for me. I was sitting up in Security watching and rewatching and re-rewatching the Wal-Mart parking lot security tape that our geeks Roberto and Scott had digitally 'enhanced'. You can put lipstick on a pig but it's still an ugly ass pig ... and nothing was going to make this old well-worn VHS tape transfer look like anything resembling high definition. I had four camera angles to study and any or all of them could have been old NASA moon footage instead, from the fucked-up camera on Apollo 12. 

Everything was a blur of monochromatic glare, and while I could make out our van and the blurry indistinct images of Claire and myself walking across the parking lot and later returning, there wasn't enough detail to make anything other than guesses about anyone or anything else that might have been there with us. Maybe that white blob to the top right of camera 3's recording was the white Suburban ... or not. Or else it's that other white glare blob to the left of camera 4 view, parked next to the grey blob. Maybe a dark van or maybe it was a garbage can or even a tree. Who the fuck could tell! 

Scott had sent the original tapes to corporate for a professional enhancement but I wasn't going to hold my breath. I was just going to keep rewatching this one until it told me something that I didn't already know ... or I bored myself to the point of tears. So far, the boredom was winning. 

Phyl was getting ready to go down to Love Beach for the evening and she stopped by for a brief moment to give me a hug and a kiss on top of my head. She was dressed to thrill, wearing a micro-short sequined party dress that exposed rather more flesh than it concealed, albeit in a sultry and rather delicious manner. Complete with big black fuck-me pumps that had at least six inch heels, she looked like she was ready for an evening of dancing and cocktails rather than a lesbian pool party, but the gals did like a dance or two under the array of flashing Christmas lights and the vintage disco mirror ball first before the clothes came off and the real entertainment of the evening got underway. 

"Off to the lake? Have fun!" I grumpily muttered, "And don't forget while her tongue is stuffed up your snatch and licking your cervix that she's the enemy." 

"Spoilsport, you're just jealous! Damn, though ... she is good in bed!" She giggled while hugging me again and then rolling my chair around so that she could bury her entirely adequate and well-displayed cleavage right into my face. The straps of her skimpy party gown didn't cover much of her boobs either from the front or the side view. I grabbed her ass cheeks tight, and pushed the center of her chest right into my mouth and gave both sides a loud lusty motorboating, blowing air out loudly and giving her cleavage a pretty good bit of rubbing with facial stubble in the process. I hadn't shaved today and she positively danced and squealed helplessly in my arms. 

"Damn, if you do that again, or rub your beard against my nips I'm not going to go downstairs at all, except to haul your big muscular ass right down to my bed. So either unwrap the tits properly and do me, or put your toys away so mama can go play elsewhere!" I very reluctantly let them go. The way her nipples were poking she was seriously aroused. Sometimes it's really fucking inconvenient to be the boss! 

"You've read or heard her latest cell intercept? Good ... there's really nothing else new and we still have no idea who the other person is that AIS wants her to contact here. Just keep waiting or do we say enough and show her the door... from over the railing on the rooftop to see if she can fly?" 

"Let's wait ... it's not hurting anything at the moment and the point of this entire exercise was to find out that other name, and before it's too late and some rather important secrets get out. Besides, you haven't had a regular nightly bedmate in quite a long time. You're already almost a couple!" 

"Now I know that you're just jealous! Tell you what, since you're here and I can tell by that enormous bulge in your pants that you're interested, I'll let you in on a little secret. I've got a cam mounted up on the wall covering Love Beach. Very high resolution and very clear images under low lighting ... and with sound too! You can watch the whole show ... and even zoom in and out a bit to better appreciate all of the action. I'll make sure that the fun will be where you can get a nice view! Rub out a nice big one for me!" 

Phyl went over to a keyboard and pulled up a new security camera feed for me on the biggest screen monitor and then gave me a last big kiss on the mouth and trotted over to the elevator. Not even a sadist would have tried the stairs in those heels! It would take her close to half an hour to get all the way down to Level Four and Love Beach, but I wasn't lacking for entertainment for long. Claire, Peggy, Cherry and of course Fredi were already there, dancing up a storm under the lights. 

Tonight's musical mix tape seemed to be courtesy of Claire, featuring of course another B-52's compilation, this time of the song 'Strobe Light'. It did seem rather appropriate as the party strobe light was lit and bouncing light beams off of the vintage disco ball. It made for spasmatic video viewing but it was certainly erotic. 

Cause tonight's the night. 

We make love under a strobe light. 

Underneath the strobe light. 

Wanna make love to you under the strobe light. 

Wanna make love to you under the strobe light. 

Strobe light, wooooooah, strobe light, wooooooah, yeah! 

So the song lyrics went, over and over again, until a slight lyrical variation emerged with Fredi now singing lead vocals. 

"Wanna make love to you under the Benton-ite" 

Followed by... 

"Wanna make love to you under the Boehmite". 

Then Calcite, Celadonite, Clinoptilolite and so forth, for an additional fifty or sixty or so, all different mineral names. I never realized there were so many rocks with names that ended with -ite. 

Peggy, who knew just enough historical geology to be dangerous, also contributed the fossils 'Ammonite, Arctostaphytes, Graptolite, Lycophytes, Scaphites, Trilobites, and so forth. By that point I wasn't so much following the improvised lyrics but the sultry manner the women were rubbing their breasts together and kissing in between song refrains as the mix tape spun along endlessly. I was going to need a big box of tissues at this rate! 

By the time Phyl arrived the ladies were all topless and just about danced out and almost ready to finish stripping down to swim in the warm steamy water but my lovely mocha security boss managed a few quick dances (although with no geological song lyric additions) before dresses, skirts and 'Fuck-Me' pumps started to hit the stone floor. I'm sure Phyl winked at the camera at me and she and Fredi kissed as her sequined party dress was gently pulled down her hips and it began to slide down her nude body to her ankles. Naked, the lovers ran hand in hand into the lake and loudly squealed. The water is a little bit warm, but quite hot enough to be a hot tub ... and they gleefully began to swim and play around with the others. 

The actual swimming didn't last for long though and quite soon enough the ladies began to congregate together in something of a five person circle holding hands together so that each could kiss the woman on either side of them. The simple kissing soon became fondling and groping and a few minutes later the aroused ladies retreated to the smooth dry rock of the cavern where they hastily arranged some towels and blankets. Passionately, they began a rather long circular daisy-chain embrace, each woman eating the cunt to her right (or at least my viewing right) while being eaten in turn by the gal to her left. Eventually they rotated and switched partners but this didn't last for long. Everyone took another short break for another quick swim and a drink or two (probably tea) before things became a bit more personal and intimate. 

As the new girl, Fredi was made the immediate center of everyone's attention. Phyl had the first duty or pleasure of licking her cunt, while Claire planted her snatch right over Fredi's mouth and rode her face. Peggy and Cherry alternated kissing and licking Fredi's breasts and nipples, and often, each other. 

Phyl easily soon had Fredi cumming over and over again and after a while she switched out with Cherry to let her enjoy tasting the new girl. Phyl, Peggy and Claire then shared a group snog, kissing each other in turn and fondling (with quite a bit of pinching) the other's nipples and breasts until Claire had orgasmed enough (well for the moment) and switched places with Peggy. The older woman was in the mood for more oral sex so she snuggled down next to Fredi's face to deeply kiss the younger woman, allowing her fingers in return to caress her slit and twiddle her clit. 

Cherry was happy to submissively eat cunt seemingly endlessly and remained to enjoy her feast as Phyl took her turn to straddle Fredericka's mouth with her cunt, this time facing her so that with a little careful stretching and tongue choreography both the new girl and Peggy could both lick the alternate sides of her enlarged and aroused clit from either side simultaneously. I had to admit that this was pretty darn erotic and I blew a load of splooge that nearly shot across the entire room. I'm pretty sure I cleaned it all up of the traces of it afterwards ... I'd have never heard the end of it from Phyl otherwise! 

After ab0ut an hour of this concentrated special attention the group began to break up into more intimate pairings. Cherry and Claire ended up in something like a 69 doing each other, Cherry using her tongue and Claire mostly just her fingers. The others, Phyl and Fredi were occupied similarly while Peggy alternated thrusting a rather impressive flexible dildo into her snatch and then into the holes of the other girls. It's hard to tell who was actually cumming the loudest, but Phyl and Fredi were both crying so loudly that they also sounded like they were in pain from the pleasure of their seemingly endless orgasms. 

That was the Poravuvu herbal tea for you. Winds them up as tight as a mechanical clock spring and then when released the bells just keep on chiming! 

I made a soggy ruin of another pair of tissues and definitely had enough erotic memories to last me alone at night for months, if not years. Peggy wandered off to her bed first and alone. She'd had her fun and left the others to enjoy theirs. Phyl and Fredi left next a few minutes together naked, hand-in-hand to go off to bed for the night together, taking the elevators naked. They'd do the walk of shame to get their clothes tomorrow in the morning. I then turned off the video feed and called downstairs to the Warlock that he could come upstairs now and take over in Security for the night and that I was going to bed. 

And I did. That damned Wal-Mart footage made no more sense on the 500th viewing than it did on the 5th. I decided to let corporate worry about it. On Monday, I received a digital copy of the 'improved' footage and chain watched it off and on for the better part of the next week, but was scarcely more enlightened. It was better ... but not by much. At least the pig had mascara and a wig now to go with the lipstick ... but I still wasn't going to kiss it! 

"Oh, it's on," Phyl quietly told me over Sunday night dinner as we sat eating dinner all alone in the dining room the following weekend. "Latest text message from you know who, about you know what." She whispered with a conspiratorial giggle. 

"Good. I'm getting tired of the charade anyway. Fredi's turned in her reports for Littlejohn and they seem to be exactly what they had asked for. It looks like good work. Everyone will be happy, except for you. You'll have to learn to sleep by yourself all over again now!" 

"I'm going to miss that," she agreed. "Still everything hasn't quite played out yet and we still don't really know who the traitor is or was." 

"I've got a hunch but absolutely no proof. Therefore, I'm going to let it all play out naturally, seemingly just the way they'd want it to go. Can you get it, what we talked about earlier? Maybe tonight during board games? I'll create a distraction if necessary." 

"It's in my pocket already ... easy as pie. I wish I'd thought of it myself, but once you suggested it as a means to hide and remove the data it made perfect and complete sense. You were spot on! I'd kiss you, but that would start rather pleasant things that we probably don't have time for." 

"Not tonight, they can't stop us ... we're on a mission from God! We've waxed our floors this afternoon and are entertaining company tonight, or so I assume." 

"Late, just like last time. They'll stick to a time routine that they know will work, or think so anyway. You're sure you want to do board games tonight? I'd actually rather you'd order a very quiet and discrete Code Pink for a partial evacuation. I'm really not happy about taking a whole host of folks down our rather precarious and mostly untested emergency escape route." Code Pink, despite its erotic suggestiveness, was just an 'almost Code Red' preliminary warning, to pre-evacuate out virtually all of the remaining essential staff before certain danger, leaving just a handful of people remaining. 
