 Notes: 1) My thanks to Roz for beta reading! 2) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora took a few moments to calm herself before she changed. Her cousin's ease in discussing inappropriate things with her was concerning, but the fact that she couldn't stop trying to envision how Isonei had managed to 'see to his needs' was worse. It was, however, an almost welcome distraction from the Duchess' sudden illness. 

Donning a much plainer black and green gown and rebraiding her hair into something much more severe, she murmured a small prayer for strength before leaving her room. Draeseth's cloak wasn't hanging in its accustomed place as she took up her own. She winced realizing she must have taken longer than she thought. He would already be praying. 

Entering the sacellum as quietly as she could, she was startled to find that two of the guests were still there and that they seemed to be praying with Draeseth as Brother Odgar intoned words of comfort and implorations for Ganas to heal the sick. Lislora took up a place in the back to avoid interrupting. 

After a time, the priest paused and Draeseth rose, inclining his head and murmuring thanks. 

"Your Highness?" Lord Boran rose from his knees with some difficulty and his son, Lord Bertrath, assisted him in standing. 

"Lord Boran." Draeseth wore a cool expression. 

"I sent my girls home with a few of your other guests, and I wish to offer my assistance in any way that I can." 

"For which I'm grateful." Draeseth inclined his head, looking slightly pained. "I don't know what assistance can be offered. I intend to find my brothers and assist them in the questioning." 

"If you kill them the moment you find them you'll leave your Duchess vulnerable." 

Draeseth's face hardened. "I'm aware" 

"If you let someone else do the questioning, your Highness, you may get more out of them. They'll think they have a chance of surviving if they don't see your face." 

The Prince made a loud unpleasant sound. "I cannot sit and do nothing." 

"We can help you find ways to fortify your household." Lord Boran tried to subtly stretch some of the stiffness from his legs. "I doubt it would have been one of your servants. Lady Lislora was gushing about the sweetness of your Duchess all through dinner." 

Lislora swallowed as she stood and tried not to twist her fingers. "I was going to ask the Commander to put a guard on the lower door permanently. They were so busy today and so many people needed to use the stairs, it was impossible to keep it properly locked at all times. It's how the jester found his way in to present himself." 

"I warned them!" Draeseth's face contorted in fury. 

"The preparations were so immense that they needed to bring extra help from town to accomplish everything!" Lislora clasped her hands. "It wasn't willful. They did their best to follow your command." 

"During the confusion and commotion of preparation is when the house is at its most vulnerable." Lord Boran nodded. "It isn't their fault but guards on the door would be wise." 

"I will see it done." Draeseth straightened and glowered at the door. 

"You might also have the extra help and the entertainers searched to be certain they don't have any empty pouches or poison rings." Lord Boran offered helpfully. 

"If my brothers have not already done so I will have it done immediately." He inclined his head to the older man just slightly. "I apologize that this has not been the joyous evening my wife and I had hoped for." 

"She put a great deal of effort and expense into the evening." The older Lord smiled faintly. 

"She wanted to show me what she learned from her mother." Draeseth's face softened. "Aran Ladies do not run the household, that is servant's work. They make silk flowers and throw parties. Her family is known for wine, she tells me she can brew it from honey, as well as brew honey beer." 

"We will look forward to sampling it at future parties." Lord Bertrath offered a small smile, "It was a magnificent party until..." 

"Your mother would have enjoyed it immensely." Lord Boran shuffled forward. 

"She would have." Draeseth took a deep breath, "My mother would love my wife dearly." 

"The Duchess seemed cheerful like your mother always was." 

Draeseth breathed a laugh and looked at his hands, "She is. My Isonei is seldom sour and she brightens any room she walks into like a ray of sunlight." 

"Come, your Highness, let's find the Commander of your garrison and get some things resolved before you return to the Duchess." Lord Boran patted the large Prince's arm familiarly. 

Lislora followed them back into the house. The two Lords took Draeseth to his study and she went to find the Commander. He was occupied with the two Princes in the servant's dining area, speaking to one of the women from the kitchen, so she waited as patiently as she could. 

When the door finally opened and the tired looking cook came out Lislora slipped in. 

"Lady?" Prince Adareth rose from his seat. 

"Lord Boran and his son have taken Prince Draeseth to his study to discuss ways the Keep could be better protected in the future. They wished to speak to the Commander." 

"They're keeping him occupied and away from us as we question the servants." Prince Ougath smiled tiredly and rubbed his temples, "How is he?" 

"He was better after praying. I was asked to look in on the Duchess. He was distraught at the way she was trembling and can't bear seeing her that way." 

"I would wait. I made the mistake of asking one of the maids helping my brother's servant how she was faring. The Duchess is still violently ill. They've put the birthing covers on the bed to keep the mattress from being soiled." 

She shuddered. 

"If my brother is in a better frame of mind he should be kept away." 

"I'll take some Kurebra and discuss stationing guards at entrances until he's too tired to do anything but sleep." 

"Strong liquor may not-" Lislora began with disapproval and the men snorted looking at each other. 

"My brother rarely has anything stronger than wine. He holds it well but once he begins to show the effects it isn't long before he falls into a deep sleep. I would expect it to be faster while he's upset and already exhausted from worry over his wife." Prince Ougath looked at her as if she were simple and gestured with his head for the Commander to go. "Make certain the Lords and yourself have some as well, Commander. If my brother should be poisoned and the three of you survive, I promise you, it won't be for long." His tone was as frigid as Lislora remembered the King's being. 

The Commander hesitated and then offered a stiff bow. 

"Stay, Lady Lislora, a face they know seemed to help ease their minds." Prince Adareth rose as if to offer his chair and she smiled at his generosity. 

"Please, you're a guest. I can have another chair fetched." 

"I was going to go speak with the entertainment." He looked amused and offered the chair again. 

"Thank you, your Highness." As the thought occurred to her she frowned, "The jester managed to sneak in during the preparations to present himself. He said the Duchess would be pleased with his presence. The others presented themselves properly beforehand. Duchess Isonei was so delighted by all of them that she insisted they all take turns performing. If she met the jester I wasn't with her." 

Adareth's face hardened, "I'll speak with him first." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Lislora was exhausted by the time they had finished with the servants. As far as she could tell they were all very truthful, no one had been in the kitchens that wasn't supposed to be there. The only odd thing was that Master Krouth hadn't been overseeing things as he usually was. Draeseth had him occupied with the Duchess and other preparations. The senior cook had thought it was a relief not to have the man walking through to point things out a second before his own staff had noticed them, but now his sharp eyes were missed. 

A few hours of sleep were suggested by the Commander after he and some of his guards had managed to carry the soundly sleeping Draeseth to his chambers. It had taken longer than they expected, and two bottles of Kurebra. She heard Prince Ougath ask about his brother's frame of mind as she walked away, and the Commander's laugh. Lislora picked up her pace as he relayed that the Duchess could drive a saint to depravity, her cousin had spoken of his Aran wife's talents in bed at length. 

Breakfast was nearly silent. As they were finishing eating, Ougath asked quietly, "How is your Duchess this morning?" 

"Krouth was asleep in the chair next to the bed when I looked in on them. My wife..." He made a pained noise and shook his head, clenching his jaw. 

"Is she still being ill?" Adareth asked with concern. 

"No. She was asleep as well but so pale she looked bloodless and around her eyes looked almost bruised. For a moment," he swallowed and cleared his throat, "For a moment I didn't think she was breathing." 

"I'll go and let Krouth have a few hours rest." Lislora winced, she hadn't thought about the man needing to sleep as well. 

"He barely left my Duchess in the Dalcur when she had a fever, he may not be willing to leave her now. " 

"The only thing out of place in your kitchens was the lack of his watchful eye, brother. They all said this was the first time that he hadn't been occasionally walking through and pointing out their mistakes. 

Draeseth made an unpleasant sound. "I usually relieve him from his customary duties to see to preparations. This time, I insisted he serve my Duchess." 

"He was also handling some of the preparations, it couldn't be done without him," Lislora spoke up quietly. 

"My Isonei praises him at every turn. She says I cannot possibly pay him enough." 

"If he were still a slave I'd have bought him from you long ago, brother, despite his wretched demeanor." Ougath offered a faint smile. 

The larger Prince managed to return it. "The commander said everyone was searched for any remnants of poison or extra pouches." 

"Yes. None were found. Adareth spoke to the entertainment at length. We had concerns about the jester but he seemed genuinely worried for the Duchess. He insisted that he'd seen this before when an Aran was given swine as a jest." 

Lislora felt the blood draining from her face. "But-but swine-" 

Adareth looked at her with a frown, "He said Arans think the meat is unclean because it makes them ill." 

She covered her face. 

"Lislora?" Draeseth's voice was a low furious growl. 

"I-I didn't know. They had so much to do and it seemed ridiculous to use a different pan for all of her foods when they already had to make a different meal for her. They were almost ready to refuse to make the meal she was asking for, it involved so much labor. I gave them permission to prepare her meals in the same pans even though she insisted her food not touch the swine. The cook said it would only improve the flavor and she seemed to eat well..." Dropping her hands she gave her cousin a pleading look, "I'm sorry. I'm-I'm so sorry." 

"When my wife gives a command, it will be obeyed." His glower made her drop her eyes to the table. 

"Yes, your Highness. I'll have the rest of the boar removed from the house and the kitchens scrubbed. I can leave immediately after." 

There was a pause. 

"No. You are needed to help with the household and I believe you will be more careful with my wife's needs in the future," Draeseth's tone had softened. 

"Any one of us would have given the same order." Ougath leaned on his elbow. 

"My anger is for those who believed they could refuse my wife's orders and pressed you into making the compromise." 

Lislora looked up at her cousin's face, the man was still furious, but it seemed not at her. "Duchess Isonei may feel differently, she was very clear that her food not touch swine." 

"I will take the price of the boar out of the rents Taugh is collecting on your behalf. My wife can blame the cooks. She's a very forgiving woman, but she does get very angry when someone tampers with her food or drink. My gentle wife wanted Krouth hanging from the Great Gate for putting a sleeping powder in her wine." 

Ougath grinned viciously, "Burgath mentioned that. He said your wife's anger was as surprising and unpleasant as a down pillow with a steel bar hidden in it." 

Draeseth barked a laugh. "She adores him the same as her own brothers. She thinks he's 'nice'." 

The other two Princes began to laugh. 

"That may be why he seems fond of her, everyone else knows him better." Ougath grinned at his larger brother. 

A maid entered the dining room and dropped into a low curtsy waiting to be acknowledged. 

"Speak." Draeseth looked at the woman with a frown. 

"Master Krouth wished me to inform you that the Duchess is awake for the moment and to ask if the kitchens are safe enough to have some vegetable broth prepared for her, and perhaps some mezi brought." 

"They will be." The now scowling Prince rose from his seat. "I will fetch the tsethartdet and make it understood that my wife's food does not touch swine or hare." 

"I gave them permission-" Lislora clasped her hands rising as well. 

"That is why I will not kill them for it, cousin. They are not to dispute it when given an order. You are as soft as my wife when it comes to disciplining the servants." 

"I'm not, cousin, but I know when not to be too harsh. I should have tried to encourage Duchess Isonei to rein herself in instead of compromising with her food, the fault is mine." 

He stood glowering silently and she continued, "I will make certain they know what made her ill and it will never happen again. I will order the boar to be removed from the house and everything will be scrubbed. The kitchens will be cleaner than they have ever been." She paused and took a breath, "If you find so much as a fleck of dirt or a single sausage hanging in the pantry, then you can bring your testhartdet to bear." 

Draeseth gave a growling grunt and inclined his head making a gesture toward the kitchens. 

"What will you do with the boar, brother?" Adareth asked curiously as she made her way out. 

"Lislora." Draeseth's cool tone brought her up short and she turned with a curtsy. "Have all of the swine put on a cart for my brothers to take." 

"Yes, your Highness." Turning again she hurried from the room. 

Arriving in the kitchens it seemed that the maid had arrived with word that Draeseth wished to fetch his tsethartdet but not the compromise that had been struck. It took a moment to calm them to relay her orders but as soon as they left her mouth the work began without complaint. 

As she left to take mezi for the Duchess and speak to Krouth, she heard the senior cook speaking sharply to one of the staff, "Anything her Grace can't eat needs to be packed before you begin on the floors, you fool-born lack-wit! Not a single sausage is to be left behind or I'll thrash you when his Highness stops." 

After knocking softly, she didn't wait for an answer and pushed the door open to peer in. The room stank of sweat, vomit, and diarrhea, and as always it was entirely too warm. It made her feel queasy. 

"Lady Lislora." Krouth beckoned her into the bedroom. "Her Grace has fallen asleep again but she can't be left alone. What have they discovered?" 

"It was my fault." She gave him the bottle of mezi. "They were upset at the amount of work they needed to do for her Aran banquet and I gave them permission to cook her meals with everyone else's instead of using separate, clean pans. The jester is the one who explained that Arans become violently ill when given swine and hare, it's why they think it's unclean." 

The servant stared at her blankly. 

"She had given very clear orders and I ignored them. I didn't-I couldn't see the harm in having her food prepared with ours. Draeseth said to allow her to blame the cooks. He's taking the price of the boar out of the rents Taugh is collecting on my behalf and the rest of the meat is being sent home with his brothers. 

"The kitchens are being cleaned thoroughly, and he won't bring his tsethartdet to bear unless he finds dirt or swine left in the kitchens when they finish." 

Krouth nodded slowly, "She can sip the mezi when she next wakes. Have them make the vegetable broth as soon as the kitchens are clean." 

"I can sit with her if you need a rest." Taking a glance at the Aran woman, Lislora wished she hadn't. Isonei did look bloodless and corpselike, it was unnerving. 

"That would be kind but I would prefer she were a little stronger first. When she's had some mezi, perhaps." 

"Should I open the windows? The smell can't be good for her." Lislora started to move toward them. 

"No. Her Grace takes a chill easily and if she took ill with a fever as she is now it would kill her." 

Lislora winced and clasped her hands. 

"Perhaps the windows in some of her other rooms could be opened for a short time. If the air in the main room were freshened it may help with the bedroom. The door can be closed to keep this room warm enough." 

"I can do that." She exhaled gratefully at having something productive to do for the woman currently motionless on the bed. 

Carefully closing the door, Lislora set about airing the rest of the rooms. In the nook that served as a small study, she noticed a copy of the Book of Truths, the collection of passages from the much larger Holy Word of Ganas kept in the Temples and some of the monasteries had always seemed comforting. She took it from its place and into the main room that was rapidly cooling. Before she could take a seat on the sofa with it a knock came at the door. 

Brother Odgar was standing outside when she opened it. "Lady," he paused and shivered, "Why is there a draft?" 

"I opened the windows of the Duchess' rooms for a moment to help air them out. I need to close them again shortly." 

"She may take a chill!" He brushed past her and noticed the closed bedroom door. 

"Krouth is in the bedroom with her. He said as long as the bedroom stays warm it may be good to have the other rooms aired, it could freshen the air in the bedroom as well." 

The priest looked doubtful and began to close the windows she had just opened. "If she takes a chill in her condition it could be dangerous." 

Laying the book on a side table she began to help him. Stoking the fire in the main room when they had finished for good measure. 

"I was told that the Duchess' illness was..." He glanced at Lislora nervously. 

"My fault, yes. I didn't know the swine would make her ill. I was trying to save the servant's some labor and it was thought it would improve the flavor of her dishes." 

"The Duchess gave orders her food was not to touch the swine." 

"Yes." Lislora sighed and ran her hand over her face. "I thought she was being a little ridiculous about it. Those poems in the Thoncur always seemed like complete fabrications to me, who could be so afraid of swine?" 

"Starving to death nobly instead of shitting oneself to death in a cage would be more appealing to a soldier." Krouth's voice came from the now open bedroom door and the smell began to waft out. "The air out here is better." 

"I'll sit with her a moment if you'd like to get away from the smell." Lislora offered again. "I found a copy of the Book of Truths in the study..." 

"She might enjoy having that read to her. Her Grace says the prayers are always soothing." Krouth inclined his head and stepped out of the doorway. 

"I came to see how she-" Brother Odgar looked ill and covered his nose with his sleeve. 

"The smell was worse before the rooms were aired." Krouth sighed and sank onto a sofa as Lislora picked up the book and went into the still wretched smelling bedroom. 
