 Notes: 1) My thanks to Roz for beta reading! 2) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora gaped in disbelief as Krouth sat at the servant's dining table speaking to the Halloc. She had come to find the man and tell him about the jester and instead walked in on a confession too horrible to be believed. 

"You've done the right thing in telling me, Master Krouth. You serve him well even if he may not see it." 

"I strive to. The Duchess would never forgive him, or me, if I obeyed his command and added herbs to your dinner to make you sleep soundly." 

The Halloc gave Lislora a sharp look as he noticed her, "Do you require something?" 

"No, I-I," she shook the startlement from herself, "I needed to speak with Master Krouth. The jester found his way into the Duchess chambers while she was alone." 

The sour servant looked incensed as he rose from the table and she lifted her hand, "He spoke to her in Aran, in the same peculiar way she speaks, with the words softened and rounded. There's something not right about him. I don't want her to be alone anymore until Prince Draeseth has sent him away." 

"I know where he's staying and I will have him sent," Krouth spat the word. "Who is with her Grace now?" 

"I rang for a maid to stay with the Duchess while she sleeps and told the woman to summon a guard if anyone visited who wasn't supposed to be there. The way she picked up the fire rod I think any unwelcome visitors would be glad when the guard arrived." 

"Good. Only certain maids are permitted to respond to the Duchess' bell, I chose them myself. I will have the guards search him and his corner of the stable to be certain he didn't take anything." 

"You worry he's a thief?" The Halloc stood with a frown. 

"I doubt he is." Krouth gave him a grim look, "There is a reward of a thousand gold Aran cenura for any solid proof that Isonei of House Ernelis is alive." 

"And her father is offering five thousand for her safe return, he seems certain even without proof," Lislora added quietly. 

"A jester that speaks Aran, who appears in the Kroscur, and finds his way into the Lady's chambers was likely sent to gather that proof, or to kidnap the Lady," the Halloc muttered with a grim set to his mouth. "I cannot approve of the lies Prince Draeseth has told, but spies are dangerous things." 

"I wouldn't call this fool dangerous, her Grace is too ill to travel and if he's being paid by her father he won't harm her, but he needs to be taught a pointed lesson about propriety. If he's taken anything from the Duchess, a letter from her desk or a lock of her hair, he'll be treated as a thief. If not he'll be punished accordingly and sent on his way." Krouth straightened his plain, dark brown tunic. 

"It may make the priests sleeping in her rooms more palatable to his Highness, however. I would suggest Brother Jannun and Brother Brenough. Her Grace knows them well." 

"Agreed." Halloc Aurim lifted his hand and frowned, "I would prefer it if his Highness not be told that I was informed of his intent to tamper with our meal. If he believes it will be done, he won't make the attempt to have someone else add the herbs in your stead." 

Both of them looked pointedly at Lislora. Before she could protest, Krouth suggested, "Perhaps you should avoid his Highness for the rest of the day, Lady Lislora. Confidences entrusted to you have a tendency of slipping out." 

Her face flushed. "I'll allow you to inform my cousin of the jester in his wife's bedroom earlier and I will remain in mine until dinner." 

"That isn't necessary." The Halloc was trying to suppress a smile. "Perhaps you would escort Brothers Jannun and Brenough back to the Lady's rooms to get settled? They will take their meal there and she can-" 

"The Duchess," Krouth corrected him coolly. "The Arrangement may not be binding as a marriage, but as a contract, it should be valid. It's a fine distinction, but an important one." 

"I will have to see the document to be able to speak to its validity." Halloc Aurim's tone made it feel as if the temperature dropped slightly. 

"I will have it arranged." Krouth bowed slightly and slipped past her. 

"Lady Lislora?" The Halloc offered her an apologetic half smile, "Before you escort the Brothers, I wished to speak to you of Lady Isonei." 

"She is the Duchess, my cousin has been very clear." Lislora swallowed and bowed her head as he gave her a frigid scowl. 

"How is her temperament?" 

"I've never met anyone as sweet-natured but I have seen her become sullen on at least one occasion, and very rarely there is a bitter quality to her smile. Usually, she seems either cheerful or somewhat sadly hopeful." 

"If that's the worst that can be said of the woman she's more gentle than I had thought. She'd do well in a convent." 

Lislora exhaled and lifted her eyes with a frown, "Is there no way to send her home to her family? She speaks of missing them and they clearly love her and want her returned." 

"Even if they lived less depraved lives in Ara, her father would give her over to demons to fill his coffers. I was told he is fantastically wealthy largely due to the demons of Leria. That gentle child who was rescued from them was most likely the price. I will not sacrifice a soul so precious to Mezaldir's spawn for any reason." 

She nodded slowly, it was easy to forget about the Lerians when all she spoke of was Ara. 

"Has she been drinking a great deal of wine? Or glutting herself on rich foods?" 

The laugh burst out of her before she could contain it. Lislora clapped her hands over her mouth in embarrassment as he looked at her curiously. "No, Halloc Aurim. She drinks wine in moderation, if anything, she leaves some in her glass when it's given to her. I think she may prefer mezi. 

"As for glutting herself, the woman barely eats. I've been trying to find foods to entice her since she arrived. The best I've seen her eat was at the-the celebration." She winced. "She may have enjoyed the flavor the boar lent her foods but we've since learned that swine makes Arans violently ill." 

"Has she been given money to spend?" The Halloc looked thoughtful. 

"Not to my knowledge, but when she planned the celebration, she never once consulted the ledger or asked about the cost of anything. She spent money as if we had endless amounts to expend on the party." 

"Her father is reputed to be immensely wealthy. She may need to be taught frugality as well. When she wakes, I will see to her personally and be certain she doesn't require more purification. I was told she was pressed into intimacies?" 

"I don't believe she was pressed. She loves my cousin and he explained to me that intimacies are the only way Arans know how to share affection. He said he had no choice but to press her into the Arrangement because if he couldn't bed her she thought he didn't love her." 

"She needs to be taught otherwise, not have those beliefs reinforced." He frowned. "I was also told you and your cousin have been... inappropriate?" 

Lislora flushed, "It was not intentional on my part. I'm fond of the Duchess, it's impossible not to be. I've always been close with my cousin, but when he became inappropriate on the parapet in view of his wife she began to insist I marry him. Now that they have the Arrangement she wants me to take half of the year and be his second wife. Apparently, her mothers love each other like sisters and she's very fond of me." 

Halloc Aurim covered his face and muttered a prayer for strength. "You should have left when he became inappropriate." 

"I considered it, but he needs me to run the household and help with his wife." 

"There is no other reason?" 

The flush crept back to her cheeks. 

"I see. You will require purification for your desires as Prince Draeseth does. Have the kitchen begin preparing the purifying tea." 

"Yes, Halloc Aurim." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Lislora sipped the bitter tea in the privacy of her own room. Dinner had been unpleasant. Draeseth had given her blackly accusing glares and been largely silent except for a few displeased grunts and growls, but the looks he gave Halloc Aurim were worse. If she'd had any doubts that her cousin needed some time spent in prayer and purification they'd been dispelled. 

After dinner, she had been escorted by two of the Halloc's priests, Brothers Odran and Ruom to pray while the Halloc was taken to view the Arrangement contract. She would have to ask Krouth whether Halloc Aurim had decided to honor the contract or not, her cousin looked as if he might never speak to her again. 

Putting her cup down she began to undress for bed. 

At the very least, if Taugh had been able to collect some of the rents she might be able to go home to her own house. 

A timid knock prompted her to pull on her robe and peek out of her door. The maid that stood there looked nervous and she carried a pitcher of water. 

"Come in..." Lislora looked at her curiously. 

The woman gestured for the door to be closed before she began speaking, "Master Krouth sent me, he wants you to be kept apprised of events. He said to tell you the jester will be punished for being in the Duchess' chambers but because the Halloc ordered him to be sent out of the Kroscur, Prince Draeseth is allowing him to stay in Evenos. The jester isn't permitted in the Keep without his Highness' permission and the-" 

"Why would Prince Draeseth allow him to stay?!" Lislora interrupted her. 

"His Highness needs someone with a level head to advise him, Master Krouth says. He's so angry at the Halloc for wanting to send the Duchess to a convent he's going against the Halloc's wishes no matter if he would have given the same order in the Halloc's absence." 

"Halloc Aurim is still insisting? He didn't acknowledge the Arrangement contract?" 

"He's going to pray on it and give a verdict tomorrow, but Master Krouth thinks the Duchess was permitted to sleep through dinner instead of being woken for it so that she might have more strength to travel." 

"Ganas be merciful, he'd need the guards to take the Duchess without my cousin's permission." 

"Master Krouth said he'll come speak to you to discuss how to pacify his Highness." 

"Halloc Aurim has made it clear I need to return to my own home. I was going to ask Krouth to have whatever rents Taugh was able to collect on my behalf given to me so that I can leave as soon as possible." 

"My Lady," the maid covered her mouth, "his Highness is going to be in a fury." 

"Let Master Krouth know and tell him I need to speak with him." 

"As my Lady pleases." The maid hurried out, leaving the pitcher. 

Her cousin would probably welcome her leaving, but knowing the Halloc ordered it wouldn't make this tense situation better. She felt exhausted as she finished changing and climbed in her bed, yet somehow she couldn't fall asleep immediately. It took time for her tiredness to overrule the unease that had settled on her. 

A sudden pounding at her door startled her out of a nightmare of trying to find her way through a maze that seemed mostly made up of the Keep's stairs. Lislora rubbed her eyes and pulled on her robe before opening the door. 

"Lady Lislora!" Brother Jannun and Brother Ruom stood outside her door. "You're needed urgently." 

"What's wrong? Has his Highness done something?" 

"No..." Jannun stopped and took a breath running his hand over his face. "Brother Brenough had not been feeling well. Travel has been taking more of a toll on him of late and he was looking forward to resting. He was exhausted. We all are after traveling here." The priest swallowed and glanced down the hall. 

"What he means to say, Lady, is that the Brother passed into Ganas' welcoming embrace and the Lady Isonei discovered it." 

Jannun inclined his head, "She woke me with a scream and clung to his hand, sobbing, until the Halloc pulled her away. She's clinging to Master Krouth like a child, now. He said to bring you and ask if you would take her to your room for the rest of the night." 

"Of-of course." Lislora rubbed her eyes as they began walking again, this almost felt like an extension of her nightmare. 

As soon as Krouth saw her he began gently disentangling himself from the crying woman, handing her over with what looked like relief. 

Isonei didn't say a word on the walk back to Lislora's room. In bed, she clung like a forlorn child but falling back asleep wasn't as difficult as Lislora had expected it to be and it didn't seem like long at all until maids arrived with a simple breakfast for both of them, served on the vanity. 

The Aran woman seemed subdued, barely nibbling at the bread and egg Lislora insistently pushed at her. Afterward, a maid came to tell her with a worried frown that the Duchess needed to dress and join the men for the discussions. Lislora gently relayed to the solemn Duchess that she needed to go dress, she was expected. 

Whether Isonei understood or not, Lislora wasn't entirely sure because she didn't answer, merely rising to follow the maid. It took a moment before she realized that the normally chatty Duchess hadn't said a single word since waking. She rang for a maid and jotted down a message for Krouth, "The Duchess isn't herself this morning. I think the poor woman is deeply affected by the priest's death. If it's possible, find something to distract her and be more gentle with her than usual." 

By the time the note was written the maid appeared and Lislora pressed it into her hand, "Take this directly to Master Krouth." 

All she could do now was dress and wait. It wasn't likely she would be summoned as well, but it would be best to be prepared. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

By the time for lunch, the house had begun to smell of purifying smoke, and Lislora was uncertain if that was a good sign or a bad one. The morning had been spent issuing the usual household orders, as well as organizing extra food and seeing to it the priests had whatever grave goods they required, from her room. No one had yet come to inform her of how the discussions had gone. 

She was waiting patiently for a maid to bring her meal and writing notes to have her house opened and at least two of her maids found when a firm knock came at the door. It opened as she was rising from her seat. 

"Lislora." Draeseth stood grimly in the doorway. 

"Your Highness." She dropped into a respectful curtsy and he made a displeased sound. 

"Please, cousin. My wife has made it clear I have not been behaving as the man she chose to be with. I would not have you treat me as a stranger as well." 

"You seemed furious with me over dinner..." 

"You promised not to carry the tale of my wife in the winter garden." He gave her a tired, annoyed look. 

"I didn't. The priests asked how appropriate you had been with Isonei, and I had to confess you weren't as appropriate as you should have been. I didn't say what you had done, only that you had found ways to have moments of intimacy with her before the Arrangement." 

Draeseth made a more conciliatory sound. "I should not have. I should have spent the time conversing and showing her we could be loving without touching." He paused and hesitantly stepped into the room. "Krouth has been walking with her around the parapets and showing her that there is more here than her rooms and the winter garden. Something I should have done." 

"We should have been taking her with us." Lislora wiped her hands with the cloth she always kept close when writing correspondence. "She would have benefitted from being taken to the sacellum regularly and from walking the parapets." 

"Halloc Aurim said the same. He will be staying to be certain I am brought back to myself and my Keep is purified. Teaching my wife of Ganas' glories and miracles, as well as propriety, will be something he takes a personal hand in. She has a great deal of respect..." He had come closer and picked up one of her letters. "You intend to leave?" 

"Halloc Aurim made it clear I should return to my own home." 

"I believe the Halloc has changed his mind. If he hasn't I would plead with you to remain despite his displeasure. I need you to stay and help me with the household, and my wife." 

"How was she after the discussions? She hadn't said a single word after waking and she looked so pitiful." 

"She is not her usual cheerful self, but Krouth managed to get a smile out of her." He sounded bitter as he put the letter back down. 

Lislora waited for him to continue as he moved to sit on her bed. 

"I forced him to read your note aloud when it was delivered. They sent Brother Jannun to fetch her and I tried to be more civil when she arrived. Raised voices and arguments upset my wife." Draeseth put his head in his hands. "My Isonei looked disconsolate when she came in and Krouth asked if she truly had to be there, that perhaps the Halloc could take her to the convent for a few days until tempers cooled. She looked to me to have his words translated and I watched her sad eyes turn to ice at my response. I was not..." He closed his eyes and hunched his shoulders. "I'm losing my wife." 

"You need to be the man I know you are. If she can't love that man..." She stopped short as he began to laugh bitterly. 

"She does love that man. I need to show her I can be that man. But I can't do what the Halloc has admonished me to do. If I tell her all I've done she'll leave me. I need to win back some of her love and good will before I can consider it." 

Sighing, Lislora pinched the bridge of her nose. "In some ways, she's very much like a child. I saw how she delighted in looking at things in the market." 

Draeseth made a speculative noise. "You're suggesting that my wife can be won over with small gifts, like a child?" 

"Anything she shows an interest in Krouth or I can get for her and tell her it's a gift from you." 

"I would spend every coin I have to make her content here." He gave Lislora a faint smile. "It isn't frugal." 

"No." She returned his smile wryly, "But I don't think your wife has ever lived in a frugal house." 

He breathed a laugh and then stood, offering her his arm. "Come have lunch with us. This may be the last meal with meat in it for some time. The priests want us all to fast. Only pure foods-" 

Lislora grimaced, "I'll need to tell the butcher, he always buys extra from the farmers when he sees you have company." 

Her cousin was grinning, "You can buy what he's already prepared. Grandfather said fasting was good for the soul but it was a hardship on the merchants." 

"He'll be glad of that. By the end of these fasts, I'm always ready to eat an entire hare, drowned in the thick brown sauce my father had them make, and have a loaf of bread all to myself." 

Draeseth laughed in his throat, "I intend to have a feast at the end of it. There will be bread for you, cousin, and something with a thick sauce." 

"Isonei ate well at the celebration, perhaps we can remake some of those dishes without the swine for the feast." 

"The fish was her favorite. She leapt from her seat to embrace me." His expression soured, "My brothers pulled me aside after the meal to inform me my father expected my wife and I to visit in the coming week. I've been told to bring her when she's well." 

"What will you do?" She gave him a worried look. "I'd be concerned about taking her to the Thoncur even if she wasn't upset." 

"I have concerns as well, that's why I've resisted. Father isn't pleased with me." 

"You hadn't told me that, cousin." 

They stepped into the dining room and the Halloc gave them both a stern look. "What are the two of you discussing so intently?" 

"My father's displeasure." Draeseth inclined his head and released Lislora's arm. "He has been insisting I bring my Isonei to Court and I have been resisting. I had kept it from my cousin. I have been commanded to bring her after the celebration, once she is well." 
