 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora had remained in her room, praying off and on until Krouth came to inform her that Draeseth had returned with Isonei. He seemed in a hurry and she didn't get the opportunity to ask about her cousin's mood before the servant bustled away. Now that the opportunity had come, it took her a few moments to collect herself. Clinging to her resolve she made her way to Isonei's rooms. 

Outside of them she nearly lost her nerve, turning to walk away toward her cousin's doorway instead. Standing in front of Draeseth's door, Lislora covered her face and took a deep breath. She needed to talk to Isonei. There was no one else who could explain what she'd done wrong and what she needed to do. 

As Krouth came out of Isonei's rooms she drew a breath. If she were going to go in, it should be now. 

Not bothering to knock, Lislora opened the door and closed it quietly behind her, almost calling out to keep the woman from being startled before she heard her cousin's deep voice. 

"Let me wash you. I need to touch my kind and loving wife." There was a pause and the sound of clothing being removed before he said almost teasingly, "I will not fight fair." 

Isonei's answer was indistinct but her cousin seemed pleased as he responded, "No hairless Aran could hold your attention, woman." 

Lislora debated moving closer to the doorway to be able to understand the woman, but it didn't seem right to listen to such an intimate... 

"Compared to a Torgan you are. Your silver curls adorn your perfect Aran cunny more than cover it and you have barely anything else." Her cousin's indecent lapse into Torgan made her flush. After a long pause and the sound of more clothing rustling, he asked curiously, "You ate well at the village?" 

It occurred to Lislora that Isonei didn't understand the things he said to her in Torgan and perhaps his desire to speak so indecently to her was why he chose not to teach her Torgan. She moved closer to the door to listen despite her misgivings.  

"-insisting I eat more and the Halloc encouraged her. The stew they served was very good; I think you'd have liked it." In comparison to Draeseth, the Aran sounded innocent. 

"I can find a motherly woman to keep the household. If I need to I can make one of her duties encouraging you to eat." 

"You'd have to have all of my dresses let back out." 

Risking a quick glance, she saw the Aran woman standing naked in front of Draeseth, that she could converse so easily while being naked made Lislora's mind boggle. It was as if she had no shame at all. 

"It would be worth the expense." 

It sounded as if Draeseth had begun to wash the woman, the quiet sounds of water and others she couldn't quite place were unbroken until she heard someone sit on the bed and then the sounds became clearly indecent. 

"Mmm, my Draeseth, that's..." As the woman made soft delighted sounds, moans and murmurs of encouragement, Lislora covered her mouth realizing that this was what Draeseth had wanted to hear when he had told her he wanted to hear her voice. The pleading exclamations of pleasure made her risk another glance, seeing Draeseth with his face pressed to the Aran woman's sex and her thighs wrapped around his head as she ground against him wantonly almost made Lislora leave. 

She heard her cousin groan with what sounded like enjoyment and the Aran woman became louder in her delight at the lewd actions the Torgan Prince was performing. Finally, she quieted and moaned out his name lustfully. 

Her cousin's response was immediate, "I need, woman." 

The Aran sounded teasing, "Let me wash you, I want to..." 

Draeseth's reply was almost startled, "After." 

"Have you taken someone else to bed?" Isonei's confused question told Lislora her cousin had neglected to tell his wife of their illicit tryst. Oddly, the woman sounded reassuring when Draeseth remained silent, "Tell me, I won't be angry." 

"I... I told you I faltered." 

"You were hoping I wouldn't notice you hadn't washed afterward?" Her tone was very gently chiding and Lislora heard the sounds of water being disturbed again. 

"Washing is not always on my mind, woman." He paused, "I went to find the contract afterward to be certain I had not violated it. I was-" 

"You left her alone afterward?" Isonei sounded more upset about that than about hearing her husband had gone to bed with another woman. 

"She wished to pray afterward, without me. It was not... not what we had hoped." Draeseth's words stung and there was silence except for the sound of washing for a few moments. 

Lislora heard someone getting into bed and Isonei spoke softly, "Tell me about it." 

"You would have me speak of bedding another while I am naked in your bed?" From the sounds, it was clear that Draeseth had joined her. 

The quiet sound of the door closing snapped Lislora's head around in horror. Krouth had returned with a bottle of Kurebra and two cups. The sour servant was giving her a disapproving look and she pulled him to the Duke's door. 

Keeping her voice at a whisper she tried to explain, "I came to speak to Isonei but Draeseth was already here. They're discussing his infidelity and I wanted to know what I did wrong. I-I want to know what she does right, too." 

"He will be incensed to find you listening, the Duchess may gently chide-" 

"Please, Krouth, just let me listen for a few moments more, I have to know what I did that disappointed him so greatly." 

His disapproving look made her shake her head helplessly. Nonetheless, he remained silent as she approached the door again. 

The sound that greeted her ears was another groan of pleasure from Draeseth, "You are perfection." 

"I am experienced. I had my sisters to learn from, and I had Gariath," the Aran paused, "my eldest sister's brother. She asked him to teach me after my first experiences left me confused and unhappy with sex. It didn't feel the way my sisters said it should." 

For a moment, Lislora felt envious at the thought of having sisters to discuss such things with. 

Draeseth, however, sounded displeased, grunting before he spoke, "I would have liked to teach you. To know that you were thinking of my touch alone." 

Isonei seemed to find his displeasure amusing, laughing at his words, "You only say that because you don't know what it's like to be with someone with no experience at all. You've been spoiled rotten in bed, my flower wine." She began to squeal as if she were being tickled. 

"Woman, you tease me." 

"Why is it you can prod me and I can't prod you?" The Aran's question managed to sound like both a jest and flirtation. 

It was clear from his tone and words that Draeseth was enjoying it, "You lack the means. A man was made to prod." There was more giggling from the Aran woman until Draeseth lapsed into Torgan, "If you weren't taught that, my Duchess, this Gariath wasn't as thorough as I intend to be." 

"What are you saying?" 

Groaning in pleasure once more, Draeseth answered her, "He did not teach you that, this Gariath?" 

"I didn't laugh with him or enjoy him nearly as much as I do you, but he taught me that there is no man too small or too large to enjoy. It's all a matter of desire and position. And he enjoyed being prodded, I can show you what I mean if you like." 

"No." He paused for a moment, "You did not enjoy him?" 

Lislora hung on every word. 

"He taught me as a favor to his sister. Gariath wasn't fond of inexperienced men or women but he was a patient teacher if a little unhappy with the situation. It drove home the lesson my sisters tried to teach me. You need your lover to be comfortable with you to enjoy it. Going slow, kissing," soft sounds interrupted her words, "touching..." 

"If your sisters taught you this they should be given sainthoods." Draeseth began speaking Aran again, "Woman, I... I have been with women who spend their lives pleasing men, and none of them ever made me feel as you do. Your touch is the purest joy and your kiss could sustain a man for a hundred years." 

"I had to learn it, my flower wine, the same way you did. You took what you learned from those other women and used it, adding to it as you learned to please me. And you do it magnificently." The Aran woman's words were almost indistinct, "If I could only teach you a little patience... and maybe a love of bathing." 

He barked a laugh, "You enjoy my impatience, woman. How many times have you been giddy over my need?" 

"I said a little patience, only a little." Isonei laughed. "With a little patience, I get to do things like ride your magnificent cock to my release." 

At those indecent words, Krouth gently took hold of her arm and guided her back to the Duke's door. "Have you learned what you needed to?" 

"He wanted me to learn from her, to have her explain to me what he needs. I refused because I couldn't-couldn't bear the thought of listening to her talk about bedding him." Lislora shook her head, "And it felt wrong to ask her to teach me when he would be putting her aside if..." She ran her hand over her face as laughter came from the bedroom. "He was never going to put her aside was he, Krouth? I don't think I could ever behave the way she does. She wasn't even angry with him when she learned he'd taken me to bed." 

"I doubt-" 

A sound like blows being struck made them both hurry back to the door. 

"I should make you apologize." 

"Wicked man! Wicked and depraved!" The Aran sounded both scandalized and amused. 

"You enjoy it." 

"Lie on your back and I'll show you how much." Isonei's laughter was punctuated by squeals as the sound of more loud slaps on bare skin rang out. 

"I will let you ride my cock to your release, woman, and afterward you will be on your back for me without complaint." 

Isonei's answer was teasing, "That seems very fair, your Highness." 

Four more blows fell and he teased her back in Torgan, "Fair or not you should tease me less and lie on your back more, woman." Lislora heard him climbing onto the bed and when he began speaking Aran again he was clearly enjoying himself, "Come here to me, woman." 

The sound of Isonei getting onto the bed prompted Krouth to touch her arm. 

"Let me apologize to you for a moment. You are always so gentle and patient with me. You have not even chided me for taking Lislora to bed." 

She gave Krouth a pleading look and he frowned, inclining his head. 

"If you want to be chided..." Isonei's tone was soothing, "The only things I would chide you for are not being patient enough with her and letting her be alone afterward. I like her, she's good for you." 

Krouth's eyebrows arched. 

"You would let me take other lovers?" His voice was soft and slightly muffled. 

"I would let you take Lislora for half of every year. If you start taking many other lovers and still expecting me to be yours alone I will smother you in your sleep." 

The annoyed looking servant pulled Lislora away to the Duke's door again as Draeseth began to laugh loudly. 

"She shouldn't be encouraging him, it only serves to make him more confused." 

"How is it different from what you tried to do, Krouth? You pushed me toward him hoping he would see we're better suited and I think she may be doing the same." 

"If she were she wouldn't be-" He made a gesture toward the sound of her cousin's laughter and the Aran's cheerful voice. 

"They keep saying they're well-suited in bed. I don't think they can refrain unless one of them is angry with the other." Lislora glanced toward the bedroom door again, "I didn't believe her when she said she had no jealousy. Part of me expected her to be furious with me when I came to speak to her." 

"Arans share their husbands and wives, Lady Lislora. Just as she has no concept of shame, I doubt she can understand how anyone could feel such a thing as jealousy." Krouth rubbed his face tiredly. "We should leave before they finish and come out to-" 

Draeseth's voice seemed loud after Isonei's softer tones, "I should have been allowing you out of the Keep if it makes you this happy. Halloc Aurim will be permitted to take you with him as often as you wish." There was a slight pause, "Tomorrow I will speak to Krouth and have him choose guards to accompany you both. Each time you come home you will be loving to me." 

Lislora froze at the thought of Draeseth coming out of the room, but the Aran woman spoke again and Krouth seemed to relax, beckoning her toward the door to the rooms. 

"How could I consider putting you aside when you do that so well?" 

The lustful tone stopped Lislora in her tracks. She needed to know what the woman was doing. 

"Woman, that feels like a need." 

All she could hear was a soft moan from the Aran woman as she moved back toward the bedroom door, she tried to gather her courage to peek in again but couldn't. 

"You cannot tease me that way and stop, woman. I command you to put those perfect hands and lips back to work." 

The growling tone made the hair on the back of Lislora's neck rise, but Isonei sounded amused, "What did you say to me?" 

Her cousin avoided the question, "You are being cruel to your husband." 

"If I am, you must have been cruel to me first!" The Aran laughed and squealed. 

"You will put those perfect lips back on my cock, woman." 

"You said I could ride your cock, and I want you to last!" Isonei's indecent teasing made Lislora's face flush. How could the woman allow herself to be spoken to that way? 

"I will last, apologize to your husband, woman." Draeseth's smile could be heard in his voice. 

"Why is it when you're supposed to be apologizing to me I end up apologizing to you?" 

Lislora could almost see the mock-pout on the woman's face just from listening to her teasing voice. 

"You are the most wicked-mmph!" 

She couldn't help herself, Lislora peered into the room to see him holding the Aran woman's head in place and thrusting into her mouth as if he were trying to force all of that monstrously large shaft inside. 

"I am your wicked beast, woman. You apologize because you tease me until I can no longer bear it and all I can think of is that teasing tongue in the one place it gives me the most pleasure. I've said you belong with your legs spread before me but this is what that mouth-" 

He stopped suddenly and she met his eyes, feeling ill. Turning, she bolted from the room. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Lislora found herself standing outside of the sacellum trying not to throw up. She didn't know what was more disturbing, that that was the man who'd been bedding her only hours before or that she felt more anger and jealousy toward the Aran woman he was mistreating than anger toward him. 

Perhaps Ganas had been trying to spare her by having Isonei be the one to endure his appetites. A small voice inside suggested he might not have had the appetites if the Aran hadn't encouraged him. 

It hardly mattered now. She leaned against the doorframe covering her face. 

"My Lady?" Krouth sounded tentative as he approached with her cloak. "The night air is too cold to be out without your cloak." 

"You were right, Krouth. I shouldn't have been listening. I thought I needed to know and now I wish I didn't." 

The servant came closer and solicitously put her cloak over her shoulders. "I can fetch a priest if you need to hear the prayers." 

She could feel a heavy leaden weight forming in her belly at the thought of having to speak to the Halloc or his priests about what she'd done. "No, I-I think I would prefer it if you would read them." 

"This is a matter for a priest, my Lady." 

"I can't." Lislora took a deep breath and tilted her face up to the clouded sky, "Ganas help me, I can't face the Halloc." 

"He has not yet returned from Neregos. Brother Odgar will be gentle. I can fetch him for you." 

Nodding her permission, she stayed standing at the door of the sacellum for what felt like a very long time, trying to impose order on her churning feelings of shame, anger, jealousy, and more that she couldn't name. Until, finally, Brother Odgar arrived. On his heels, however, came Draeseth. 

The priest looked concerned as he pushed open the door, "Come in, Lady Lislora. I was told this is a matter of terrible importance." 

"Yes, I-" 

Draeseth made a displeased sound and took hold of her arm pulling her away from the doorway. "I need to speak with her first." 

Lislora wasn't certain if it was her imagination or not but the musky smell of the bedroom seemed to hang on him and she found herself repulsed at the memory of his face buried in the Aran woman's sex. "You need to wash, cousin, you stink of-of," she shuddered. 

He released her arm with a pained expression and offered a bow of apology before stalking toward the stables. She took the opportunity to follow the priest inside. 

Brother Odgar was already lighting a brazier with the purifying herbs to make the smoke that had filled the house for the past weeks. 

"Come to the front, Lady Lislora, and kneel." 

She nearly stumbled as she obeyed. Dropping to her knees, the confession of everything she'd done and seen came out in a jumbled rush and she found herself hunched with her hands on the floor sobbing as she begged for forgiveness. 

The priest laid a comforting hand on her head and began to intone the prayers of cleansing and forgiveness. 

After a time the door opened and Draeseth came to kneel next to her. When the prayer ended, Odgar began to scold him, "Has Mezaldir hardened your heart to the words of Ganas and blocked your eyes to the suffering you cause the women who love you? Your Highness-" 

"No." Draeseth's frigid tone stopped the priest's chiding. "I am pained to have caused my cousin to weep. I knew I should not have taken her to bed, but I felt I needed to know if we were suited before I put my wife aside. If I had not done so my cousin would be trapped in a marriage with a man who has needs she cannot meet. 

"Isonei can learn to do the things I require outside of the bedroom, and what she finds too taxing can be done by a servant as it is in Ara. I love them both and I will do whatever my cousin requires-" 

Hoarsely, Lislora interrupted him, "If you loved her you wouldn't speak to her that way. The woman was nothing but understanding and gentle and you-" 

"I did nothing she would chastise me for." He snapped, rising to his feet. "She would have protested if she disliked-" 

"She couldn't understand how disrespectful you were being! And how could she protest with your-your," Lislora gestured frantically, "being forced into her mouth?" 

Draeseth turned his back for a moment and then returned to kneel with a scowl on his face, "She has chided me before for saying things I should not have in Torgan. I did not expect anyone else to hear them, and she enjoys the sound of our language, especially in bed. But I was not forcing my cock into her mouth. Arans use their mouths and their hands a great deal in bed and she enjoys pleasing me. 

"She wanted to enjoy something less scandalous, but she does not deny me my pleasures. Nor do I deny her hers. I will beg her forgiveness tomorrow." 

