 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

At dinner, Lislora took her seat with the two younger women in coarse grey gowns. Isonei was seated with the sisters so that she could converse more easily with the Sellac, something some of the younger sisters seemed to disapprove of. Lislora was aware that they'd had to sit at the very end and leap up to fetch things during the meal and keep the children in line when they'd been mere hopefuls. The Duchess didn't seem to notice. 

Brother Odgar, seated next to the Sellac, looked at the Aran's plate curiously, "Is she not beginning a fast?" 

"We have very little for her to eat at the moment. Her fast will have to begin when we have more appropriate food. As delicate as you've suggested her health is..." 

"Of course, yes, Sellac Gesosin. A more robust woman could endure a day or more in a penitent fast, but the Duchess is already worryingly thin." 

Lislora took a bite of her stew, there was little meat in it but it had been thickened with barley and it had a pleasant enough taste. 

"She should be eating the same thing we are," one of the sisters nearby muttered. 

"Hush, Brenula," another hissed. 

"Hare will make her ill," Lislora offered quietly. "It's the same as poisoning her." 

"And what are you discussing?" Sellac Gesosin asked coolly and the sisters bowed their heads. 

Brenula carefully answered, "How things should be, Sellac Gesosin. She shouldn't be eating a separate meal." 

"The Duchess will be undertaking a purifying women's fast as soon as we have enough pure foods and tea to ensure she doesn't starve. It's kind of you to offer to embark on it with her. While you both wait, your foods will be as simple and pure as possible. You'll have no more of the meat and you'll drink mezi as she does." 

Sister Brenula inclined her head, keeping her face carefully neutral, "Yes, Sellac Gesosin." 

"Lady Lislora, perhaps you might tell us how the Duchess finds the convent?" The Sellac's pleasant sounding question was a command. 

"She said she's been happier here at the convent today than she has been since she arrived in Torga." Lislora glanced at the Aran woman who was watching them with her usual baffled smile. "But she was surprised at how many children are here. In Ara, she says, they have fewer orphans in need of places like this. It makes her heart ache." 

"It may ease her mind if she understands how the children are being helped," Brother Odgar suggested. 

"If she wishes to stay she should have a better understanding of what we do." The Sellac inclined her head. 

"Lady Lislora says you have enjoyed the day here, but you have concerns about the children?" Odgar gave the Aran woman a gentle smile. 

"I've enjoyed the day very much, Brother Odgar. What baffles me is that there are so many without families. It's heartbreaking." 

Her words were relayed to the Sellac, "It is, but we do the best for them that we can. They have nothing to inherit so we try to give them skills they can use to make their own way with when they leave us, as well as a strong faith to rely on. The chores they do are part of their educations. At a certain age, the boys may choose to leave us and join the ranks of the Torgan army or to enter the priesthood. 

"Becoming a soldier is a fine way to begin a life. Many return to the Kroscur and marry in time." 

Isonei nodded her understanding as the words were translated. "And what of the girls?" 

Sellac Gesosin looked to Lislora to have those words relayed and answered with a faint smile, "They may choose to become maids or wives, a few will remain and become Sisters. They can clean, keep a kitchen, tend the livestock, our cows and hens, and the garden, all things that might be asked of them as maids or wives." 

The Aran tilted her head slightly, "What of weaving and sewing? Those are skills they may need as well." 

Lislora translated those words, debating answering for the Sellac, but the older Torgan woman swallowed her surprise quickly, answering through Brother Odgar. "That requires more wealth than they possess, your Grace. They cannot obtain the materials with regularity to teach those skills and looms would need to be built as well as maintained. It is not feasible." 

"Why not have the boys build and maintain them?" Isonei looked at the priest in bafflement, "It would add carpentry to their skills. Wouldn't that make them more desirable as soldiers or priests?" 

The look of annoyance on the Sellac's face made the Sisters stare at their plates and Lislora tried to answer with more gentleness than she feared the Sellac might. "That would require yet more money, Isonei," Lislora spoke quietly with a pointed look. "If you were remaining the Duchess..." 

"I'm sure there has to be way around it. Surely some carpenters would be willing to lend their skill in exchange for blessings or having their children taught. Schools don't seem to be as common here as they are in Ara. They do teach the children to read and write?" 

"She doesn't understand and insists there must be a way around the need for money to teach the boys those skills. Duchess Isonei suggests that some carpenters might be willing to lend their skills to teach in exchange for blessings or having their children taught here because of the lack of schools." Lislora refrained from inquiring about reading and writing. Only those orphans who would become priests or Sisters would learn, the others weren't deemed worth the effort. It wasn't as if they would truly need the skill. 

"You will refrain from answering for me in the future, Lady Lislora. Perhaps I could have made a better explanation." Sellac Gesosin looked thoughtful for a moment, "But her suggestion does have some merit. If a willing carpenter could be found, it wouldn't be difficult to have one of our better-educated Sisters teach a child or two in exchange." 

The woman gestured at Lislora to relay those words, "If they could find a willing carpenter, perhaps." 

Isonei's expression was much like it had been when she was directing the party preparations, serious and certain. "The village I visited; ask there. And I thought Krouth said people gathered the fur of the cows here to use to make things like rugs. You mentioned one of the duties the children perform is taking care of a few of them, why not also have them taught how to gather it? That could be some of the material they use and it would teach them yet more skills." The Aran blinked, furrowing her brow as she noticed Lislora's surprise, "Is something wrong?" 

Brother Odgar began relaying the woman's words quietly. 

"No... those are very sensible suggestions, but you don't understand the amount of work required." 

"Hopefully, I can stay and learn. Weaving was unbearably dull and taxing but perhaps I could help with the cows?" 

Lislora nearly choked on her stew. "The dirty cows? You? Have you even seen one up close?" 

Fidgeting in her chair, the Aran woman's face flushed, but she tilted her chin up defiantly, "I haven't, but-" 

Lislora began to laugh covering her face, almost unable to breathe much less speak. The Sellac gave her a stern look. Desperately, she tried to force words out, but the image of the delicate woman, obsessed with washing, trying to tend the cows made it impossible to compose herself. "She-" Glancing at the pouting Aran, sent her into another gale of laughter, "How can-" choking back her laughter she covered her eyes and tried to focus on the displeased Sellac. 

"This woman is-" She cleared her throat, "She's afraid of dirt. Duchess Isonei washes constantly and she suggested that," pausing to keep from laughing a moment before she continued, "she suggested she could learn to take care of the cows because she didn't like weaving." Lislora saw the Sellac's lips twitch, "She's never been near a cow in her life. I don't think she's even been close to the sheds." 

The Sellac inclined her head with a smile forming and looked at the almost sulking Aran woman as Lislora covered her face again trying to keep her laughter from bubbling back up. 

"Brother Odgar would you be so kind as to tell the Duchess that I'm also from a very noble family and had only ever seen them from a distance. I didn't understand that cows are filthy and dangerous. I'd always thought them to be proud creatures. As a postulant, my Sellac felt I needed to learn humility and sent me out to help tend them. It was a valuable lesson for me, the work was more difficult than I could have imagined. I doubt that the Duchess requires the same lesson, but she would need to learn about the work she suggests others undertake." 

The priest added on his own once the words were relayed, "You have been carefully kept all of your life, your Grace, it would be difficult for you." 

An earnest look settled on the Aran's face. "It would be. But I could be useful and I would be with the children." 

Brother Odgar translated and Sellac Gesosin nodded with a warm smile gesturing for Lislora to translate, "That is a fine starting place." 

After Lislora dutifully translated, the Sellac raised her voice slightly, "Young Hodrim? Approach the table." 

The boy looked baffled but came to stand respectfully in front of her waiting to be addressed. 

"You have insisted that you wish to be a priest even though you are not yet of the age to make the decision. I have decided to allow you to make it early." She gestured toward Isonei, "The Duchess will be your first duty. In addition to learning all that is expected of a priest, you will be responsible for escorting the Duchess to prayers and helping her learn our language. She is not yet reclaimed and will need to be taught how to behave properly. Are you willing to accept these tasks?" 

"Yes! Yes, Sellac Gesosin!" The beaming smile on the boy's face and the enthusiastic way he nodded his head put a smile on Lislora's face. 

"The Sellac has put you in Master Hodrim's care. He is responsible for seeing you to prayers and teaching you to speak Torgan." Brother Odgar's smile was broad as well. "I can leave knowing you to be in good hands." 

"I think even Halloc Aurim will be pleased." Isonei gave the boy a doting smile. 

"I will tell him you are eager to become a postulant." The priest studied her face, still smiling. 

"I am if they'll have me. I'm more content here than I have been since I arrived in Torga." 

"Halloc Aurim said from the moment he discovered her gentle nature, he knew Ganas intended her to become a Sister. That she says she's happier here than she has been with her husband suggests that he was right. She would like to become a postulant and I suspect that the Halloc has the letter already written asking you to accept her." He looked at the Sellac expectantly. 

"I will accept her, gladly. Like any other postulant, she must be given a period of contemplation, and she cannot become a Sister until she is reclaimed. I suspect, however, it won't take long. She's gentle and sweet-natured, and she seems to dote on young Hodrim. What concerns me somewhat more is his Highness. He will also be given time to contemplate allowing her to join us. It may require the Halloc and possibly one of the Kamruses if he wishes to argue the matter. But, until the mater is indisputably settled, the Duchess is most welcome." 

Odgar relayed only part of the Sellac's words to Isonei, "There will be a period of contemplation not only for you but for his Highness. You are most welcome here, your Grace." 

Lislora had a leaden feeling in her belly as they filed out for the prayers. That didn't dissolve as Sellac Gesosin intoned them for the children. Afterward, she'd expected the Sellac to dismiss everyone directly to bed, but the woman made an announcement that Duchess Isonei's stories would wait until after lunch the next day before doing so. It was puzzling and some of the children looked disappointed, but no one argued. 

The Aran woman looked as though she could barely contain her yawns. She smiled sweetly, however, when young Hodrim offered his arm and escorted her to her room. When they arrived, Isonei impulsively embraced him, kissing his head. 

Hodrim looked at Lislora in surprise. 

"This is how she is. She's sweet and impulsive, like a child who was never taught to be more circumspect with her affection. You may have to teach her how to be more reserved as well." 

The boy smiled shyly, still flushed with embarrassment as he disentangled himself. He offered a shallow formal bow, "Goodnight." 

"Goodnight." Lislora smiled and gestured to Isonei. 

The woman made an attempt, but the words came out as butter soft as her own language. 

Correcting her gently but clearly, Hodrim looked pleased that she had at least made the attempt. 

Isonei looked at her helplessly. 

"It means 'goodnight' or 'goodbye tonight'." 

"Good night." The Aran managed to speak it clearly and earned a satisfied smile from Hodrim before she spoke in her own language, "Goodnight, dear Hodrim, sleep well." 

Lislora translated and Hodrim gave another shallow bow before leaving them, still smiling. 

Once inside their room, Lislora couldn't help but ask, "Dear Hodrim?" 

"He is dear, so earnest and proud... I want to cover his handsome little face in kisses and keep him forever," Isonei gushed as she moved toward the bed. 

Shaking her head, Lislora began to undress, "Now I understand why you adored Draeseth when you met him." She regretted the words almost immediately. 

"Did he tell you about how we met?" Isonei began to undress as well, with her back modestly turned. 

"No... I... I did not want to hear about him participating in your rituals." Fervently, she hoped that would stop the woman from recounting it. 

The Aran turned to give her a look that was as annoyed as it was amused. "I was trying to get away from someone who was pursuing me, 'haunting my footsteps' as Draeseth called it. This huge man in a hideous mask stepped in to hide me under his cloak, to keep me safe and warm. He didn't try to impress me and he wasn't enamored with the sound of his own voice." 

"That sounds like Draeseth. He was never vain and he has a good heart." 

"Yes!" Isonei smiled wistfully. "He does. No one else in Ara could see that. And his brothers and cousin weren't very kind to him... It felt like a secret that was being shared with me. But here in Torga when I've been miserable, so far from my family, thinking they abandoned me, it isn't... he isn't enough." The tiny woman looked for a moment as if she might weep. 

"You do love him?" In her chemise, Lislora approached the bed, debating for a moment whether she should try to comfort the Aran. Instead, she chose to pull back the covers and climb into bed. Being expected to comfort the woman felt like too much. 

"Not the way he needs, but yes." Isonei slipped into the bed with her and curled close. 

Lislora tried not to stiffen, reminding herself that she was the one who had wronged the woman and not the other way around. 

"I should have listened to my father and never told him." The tiny woman paused. "It occurs to me that listening to my father would have saved me a great deal of heartache." 

The woman's words rankled somehow. "Your father will be pleased to hear that someday." 

"I hope I get to tell him... preferably walking in his fields in Ara." 

"Is Torga so terrible?" Unable to conceal her annoyance, she half turned to face Isonei. 

"How terrible would Ara have to be for you to miss your home? If your family were all still alive and missing you, how badly would you want to return?" Isonei's words were gentle but felt somehow pointed, "Ara is a great deal warmer though, you would have to wear Aran gowns or the heat would suffocate you. You might enjoy the lighter layers and the shorter chemise. Soft shoes that slip onto your feet-" 

The words made things clearer. "No. I-I think I understand. You had to leave everything behind; nothing here is familiar or comfortable. The problem is not a fault in Torga." 

"No, the mountains are majestic and impressive if so cold I want to make my bed in the fireplace." The woman smiled at her snort of derision, "But this isn't my home. He promised me, Lislora, he promised I could go home as often as I needed to. All I had to do was ask. I wouldn't have come with him if I'd known he would break his word to me and never allow me to return." 

"He loves you." For a moment she wondered if her cousin had neglected to tell his wife such an important thing. 

"He doesn't-he doesn't love me the way I need to be loved. Draeseth needs someone to put him first, to stroke him and coddle him, love him and only him, to let him be everything she needs. I can't give him that; I've tried to tell him that..." 

Her irritation returned and she turned to face the wall as she scolded the woman, "You stroke him and coddle him, it confuses him. And what has he not given you? You have everything!" 

"I need a man who doesn't try to change me into another woman, a man who thinks of me in bed, who puts my needs ahead of his wants. Draeseth wants a woman always at his side, but I need to see my family. I told him before we came. He knew he was bringing a woman to Torga who needed to go back to Leria and to Ara, regularly." Isonei sighed, turning and pressing her back to Lislora's. "I have everything you want and need, but it isn't what I need. I'm sorry. I truly am, Lislora." 

The woman's words washed away her annoyance and she took a few moments to formulate an apology. "I am sorry Isonei, you are right. I... I should not blame you. You have been wronged in all of this." The silence and the sound of even breathing instead of a response made her realize that the Aran had already fallen asleep. Smiling to herself it made the apology easier to continue. "He didn't choose well and you shouldn't be forced to stay with him, but... the convent isn't something I'd wish on you even if you seem to enjoy it for now. By the time you realize the mistake you've made, you'll be stuck here. 

"I'll try to make this place more pleasant for you if he lets you stay, but if not, I'll try to convince you to go with him willingly. It would be better for you. No one will draw your baths here and you're so delicate the hard life here would take its toll too quickly. This place might be good for your soul, but I think it might kill you." 

Giving the apology and assurance that she would try to take care of the tiny Aran woman, Lislora felt better. Sleep, however, still took some time to pull her down. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Lislora woke to a shriek of terror and felt the covers being yanked away. 

"Help! Help! Someone!" She gathered her wits quickly as she saw the fearful expression on Isonei's face. The woman was slung over a large man's shoulder as he stalked out of the room. Lurching from the bed, she paused in the doorway. Hearing the low growl of her cousin's voice in the hall let her relax slightly. 

In a rush, she began to pull on her dress to follow them. As she approached them from behind she could see the Aran was now on her feet holding Hodrim protectively. 

Draeseth made a loud unpleasant sound that caused the boy to flinch. 

Isonei, however, looked furious as she kissed the boy and spoke reassuringly, "It's alright, my little love, I won't let him harm you. He would have to harm me first." 
