 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora tried to focus on the Torgan boy practicing the sounds of the Aran language seated across from her, but thoughts of what might be awaiting her tomorrow after breakfast kept distracting her and the sweat that had begun out of nervousness made her back sting. 

"It seems..." Hodrim hesitated and looked at her as if he were almost afraid to continue. 

"It seems silly to sit here making odd noises?" Lislora offered with a wry smile. "I thought so as well, but the tutor I learned from insisted on it. He said knowing the sounds helps you pronounce the words properly. You might have noticed, listening to the Duchess, the words have few firm endings or harsh sounds at all. It's like butter in your mouth. 

"It can be difficult to follow, at first, until you recognize the subtle differences. The words yes and no, 'sef' and 'sah', sound very much the same as 'Aj sehf' or 'sa tóv', 'I will' and 'not now'." 

"But it makes sense. The meanings of the words are so close... It almost seems easier than Torgan." He gave her a pleased smile. 

"In some ways, it's very easy. When you see it written, however, you may change your mind. They have two ways of writing, formal and informal. Neither has a single straight line. Learning to speak Aran is much less difficult than Lerian or Phaethian once you can distinguish the sounds, learning to write it makes you want to have them all taught Torgan." She couldn't help but smile at his doubtful look. 

"When I've given you a small vocabulary to work from I'll start speaking Aran during our lessons, then I'll begin teaching you to write the words. Speaking it will be more important to the Duchess but reading it and writing it well have nearly become requirements for rising in the ranks of the priesthood." 

"Why?" Hodrim frowned slightly. "Ganas requires priests to spend their lives in service, helping and healing, tending to the souls of his people and reclaiming those who look to false gods. Foreign tongues seem... unnecessary." 

"Reading and writing Aran is a sign of wealth and nobility. I remember being in Nemauros when a new Kamrus was chosen for the temple there." Lislora studied the boy's face wondering how much she should tell him. "My father explained that the upper ranks of priests have to be respected by the nobility and they often only respect their own. He said to trust that if Ganas wanted a man to become a Halloc or a Kamrus he would." 

"That isn't how it should be." The boy's frown deepened. "We're all equal in the eyes of Ganas." 

"Things aren't always as they should be. Should a woman be punished for believing someone she trusts and allowing herself to be seduced while the man who betrayed her trust and ruined her name suffers no punishment?" 

He looked as if he wanted to protest and she lifted her hand, "I deserve punishment and I need to be purified. I broke the Duchess' trust. But her husband did as well. Prince Draeseth gets to keep his gentle, forgiving wife and live as if he's done nothing wrong." 

"She won't chide him or..." Hodrim's brow was furrowed as he mulled over her words. 

"With her soft manner? I don't think I've ever heard the woman chide anyone, and she confided in me that he scolds her when she tries to prompt him to keep his word." 

"This does not seem like an Aran lesson." Halloc Aurim's voice coming from behind her made her jump. 

"I had asked why priests need to learn Aran, I know I need it to speak for the Duchess but..." Hodrim gave the Halloc a pensive frown. "Then the topic turned to the Duchess and her husband. I-" 

"A Prince of Torga shouldn't be referred to as 'the Duchess' husband', even if he is a Black Prince and not born to the line of succession. His Highness has his faults and if his gentle wife cannot hold him to his word Ganas will be the one to see him punished for breaking it. As Ganas will find a way to punish him for betraying his wife's trust and making her feel lesser than a baroness." 

Lislora swallowed nervously. Something in the Halloc's tone seemed unsettling. 

The boy took a deep breath and nodded his understanding with a serious expression before asking, "Did you have to learn Aran to become a Halloc?" 

"No. In the Dalcur, where I was born and became a priest, it isn't seen as a necessity. My brother, who also became a priest, has spent time trying to learn it, however." The Halloc made a dismissive gesture that suggested he thought it was a waste of time. "He was always one to use five steps to get to the place where one would take most of us. In some ways, the Duchess reminds me of him. They both have a manner that's just a little too soft." He smiled at Hodrim. "It's much more praiseworthy in a Sister." 

Beckoning to the boy, the Halloc laid a hand on his shoulder and escorted him to the door. "Go to the priests' quarters and ask for Brother Jannun. The Duchess helped him with his Aran each time they spoke. Tell him I suggested he discuss his reasons for learning it with you." 

"Yes, Halloc Aurim." Hodrim gave him a grateful look. "I thank you." 

He stood in the doorway for a moment watching the boy leave before coming back into the room and closing the door. "This chamber was chosen for you to give your lessons because what is said in it can be heard in the one next door. I wanted to be certain you were teaching the child Aran and not filling his head with lies about the Duchess as you did her husband. Instead, I discover you filling his head with lies about the priesthood. The Sellac will be informed so that she may decide what to do with you. I would cast you out for such lies." 

"What lies?" Lislora could feel her heart beating in her throat. "If I was wrong-" 

"The upper ranks of the priesthood are not entirely composed of the nobility." 

"I didn't say they were!" 

"You implied it!" His face was thunderous and his hand swung in an arc making her flinch back. "And you told the boy that things are not as they should be within the priesthood, which is a lie. Ganas' priests are as they should be, he would not allow it to be otherwise!" 

"Ganas only guides us if we allow it! The wrong choices can still-" 

The blow took her by surprise and left her ear ringing. 

"A lying whore does not get to speak of the will or ways of Ganas to me." Grabbing her by the arm, Halloc Aurim wrenched her out of her seat and propelled her out of the room. 

It barely registered that he barked at someone to tell him where the Sellac could be found. Lislora's mind was swimming with thoughts of what would happen if she were cast out of the convent. They could petition the King to have her title, land, and house stripped from her and given to someone more worthy, leaving her utterly destitute with no place to go and no family to turn to. 

"Sellac Gesosin!" The Halloc's voice rang out as he dragged Lislora down the stairs toward her. 

Still stunned, she stumbled and ended up falling the last few steps and ending up on her hands and knees at the foot of the stair. 

"Help her," Sellac Gesosin spoke firmly to a nearby Sister. "Halloc Aurim it is unacceptable-" 

"This lying whore was filling young Hodrim's head with lies." 

"A woman under my care is not to be thrown down the stairs no matter what she's done. I judge the severity of any wrongdoing and issue punishment here. I will speak with you in my study." 

Lislora couldn't keep from trembling as she was helped from the floor and taken to the kitchens. A chair was quickly found and a cup of watery wine was pressed into her hands. 

Herleesa was kneeling in front of her after she'd tilted the cup back and drained it. "What happened?" 

"I was speaking to Hodrim and I-I relayed something my father told me once about priests learning Aran because it's a sign of wealth and-and station. The Halloc was listening and took offense. I tried to argue and he," she took a breath and reach up to touch the side of her face, "he struck me and dragged me out. I think he wants to have me thrown out of the convent." 

A murmur went up through the gathered Sisters. All of them knew what that would mean. 

"The Sellac won't allow it." A quiet voice came from behind them all. "She may be firm with her punishments but she won't allow such a thing to happen." Heads turned toward one of the older Sisters, her face grim and her skin more grey than green. "I spoke with her once of why she chose this convent when she could have chosen to serve in Gogmenos or Korgurunos. Sellac Gesosin wants to do the best she can for all of us, she doesn't want to lose a single soul to Mezaldir, and she will not tolerate abuse. 

"Some Hallocs, and even some Kamruses, are too harsh. Discipline must be tempered with care and cannot be offered in anger." 

The knot of fear in Lislora's chest loosened slightly. 

"We can pray while we wait for the Sellac to discuss the matter." 

"Yes, Sister Soleighe." Several of the other Sisters spoke at once. 

Sister Soleighe smile faintly, "The meal still needs to be prepared. We'll have one prayer here and then I'll take Lady Lislora to pray by the altar." 

After helping Lislora from the chair, the Sisters gathered close together, the small cluster nearly forming a half circle with Sister Soleighe kneeling in front of them. Her voice was quiet and soothing as she offered an earnest prayer for Ganas to offer his protection to his sometimes wayward children and to put things on their right path. The Sister had altered some of the formulaic phrases slightly and it made the prayer feel as if it were more intimate and somehow more comforting. 

When she finished, they all rose, but before anything more could be said, the servants' bell rang. 

"That will be the Sellac summoning us." Sister Soleighe gently guided Lislora back through the house toward the study. 

Outside it, the Sister knocked and then opened the door, walking in first. She turned almost immediately to beckon for Lislora to follow. 

The Sellac sat stiffly at her desk and Halloc Aurim stood sourly in front of her. 

"Sister Soleighe, escort Halloc Aurim back to his priests and fetch young Hodrim back for his duties if he has not yet returned. I will also need to speak with Herleesa and Evenyla." 

"As it pleases, Sellac Gesosin." 

Lislora gave the Halloc as wide a berth as she could manage as she approached the desk. "Sellac-" 

The older woman held up her hand glancing to the closing door once it was completely shut she lowered it. "Are you hurt?" 

"N-no I don't think so." Shaking her head she began again, "Sellac Gesosin, I swear to you I didn't-" 

"I heard what he had to say, Lady Lislora, and I doubt you meant any harm. It's clear to me he's fond of the Duchess and perhaps seeking someone to take out his anger at her husband on. I've told him that with his fit of anger I cannot in good conscience entrust the women in my care to him for their punishments or purification. I have to pray and consider what I may choose to do. 

"You have no need to fear being sent away over this matter. However, I advise you strongly not to speak of anything but the Aran lessons with young Hodrim. If he asks you about other matters say something to put him off gently and return to your lessons. There may be one of the Halloc's priests listening." Sellac Gesosin's face creased as she frowned. "Halloc Aurim is adamant that care should be taken to teach the boy properly. 

"He feels that the Duchess might be more easily reclaimed by a child. She seems to do well with children around her. And it would be safer for a child who is confident and well-versed in the prayers and the Holy Word to spend time in the company of a woman who is not yet reclaimed." 

"She rarely speaks of Aran priests or gods. Krouth, the servant she relies on, says she's a religious woman but her gods are neglectful. He said when they spoke of her religion, she explained her gods are busy and don't wish to be bothered. They aren't encouraged to pray." 

"Why has she not been reclaimed? I would expect a woman who suffers as she does at the hand of her husband to be eager for a loving and protective God." The Sellac looked at her with bafflement. 

"I don't know. I do know the stories Halloc Aurim told her of Ganas punishing the immoral and immodest made her pace the parapets. The servants said she looked like a caged animal." 

Sighing, the older woman leaned on her hands for a moment, "The Duchess should be permitted to stay with us for a time. She requires more gentleness than the Halloc possesses and with some encouragement from the children she wouldn't be difficult to reclaim." 

A knock came at the door and a brief moment later it opened. 

"You sent for us, Sellac Gesosin?" Herleesa came in looking slightly nervous, followed by Evenyla. 

"I did. After the Halloc's fit of temper, I will not permit him to-" Her words were cut off abruptly by the relieved sounds that came from both women. "I have not yet decided what should be done, however." 

Both women assumed expressions of contrition, speaking in unison, "Yes, Sellac Gesosin." 

"I may ask Sister Soleighe to find a suitable task for the three of you until another arrangement can be found, and there will be penitent fasting." 

Lislora swallowed nervously, saying "Yes, Sellac Gesosin," with the others. The thought of praying during mealtime and drinking water with herbs to curb the appetite was unpleasant, but such a fast was seldom undertaken for longer than a week. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

The sky was a peculiar shade of yellow and Lislora felt both unsettled and hopeful as she looked across the open carriage at Draeseth and Isonei. Her cousin seemed relaxed and content and the Aran was smiling her usual sweetly baffled smile. Looking past them, the bull that was pulling the carriage was tossing his head but behaving himself for the moment. She tried to think of something to talk about. 

"When do you think we'll arrive?" 

Draeseth gave an unconcerned grunt and the Aran began chattering in a completely incomprehensible language. The carriage began picking up speed as the bull grew agitated and fought his braces, bolting ahead. It was then that she realized no one was driving. 

"Cousin? We-we seem to have lost our driver. Could you take the reins? I..." 

He didn't even glance behind him, pulling the Aran a bit closer and giving her a disconcertingly doting smile. 

"Someone needs to do something, cousin. Please! You're the strongest you can steer the carriage!" Her plea didn't seem to be heard by either of the two other passengers, nor did the bumps and terrifying speed seem to cause them a moment's worry. 

If they wouldn't do something to stop this she would have to. Lurching from her seat in the bouncing carriage, she had to clamber between the two of them to reach the driver's seat. As she did a small child fell out from beneath her dress, but she had no time to think about it. Lislora grabbed the bull's reins and hauled on them as hard as she could until it turned into a cart horse and came to a stop. 

Turning with relief, she saw her cousin beaming and Isonei cuddling the small child that had fallen out from beneath her skirts as if he were her own. He looked like Lislora's father but had the Aran woman's silver hair. 

Lislora woke with a start, sitting up in bed and taking a deep breath. The dream had been nearly the same again tonight. She'd thought it was due to the herbal water and going to bed so hungry the day before but to have the same dream twice... Washing her face in the basin she'd filled herself before going to bed, she tried to judge the lateness of the hour. 

Sister Soleighe would have them scrubbing some other part of the house today she was almost certain. Scrubbing floors and washing walls for hours on end was exhausting and backbreaking labor, the prorteruralst would have been a welcome relief, a thought the other two women shared. Lislora was blamed for the fasting and the labor. 

Young Hodrim had brought her fresh milk with honey when he came to the lessons on the second day. Apparently, it had been decided that the milk could be had once a day without disturbing their fast. No one had bothered to tell her and he thought it was unfair. The thought of milk and honey made her long to have her glass early. Dressing quickly, she headed to the kitchens. 

Herleesa and Evenyla had risen early as well. They were having milk and bread with Sister Brenula. On seeing her the three of them looked furious and flinched as she leaned out to glance if anyone else was in the hall. 

"Why don't you just shout for the Sellac now and get it over with," Brenula hissed at her. 

"I'd rather have something to eat!" Lislora whispered back. 

The women looked at each other and relaxed somewhat, beckoning her to the table. "They were telling me that the Black Prince's Duchess was Prince Andnaeuth's intended?" Brenula pushed a small piece of bread and a glass of milk at her. 

"She was. From what I understood, the Aran Prince wanted to share her with Prince Draeseth but he stole her instead." Lislora drained her glass and hurriedly devoured the piece of bread. 

"Going from one monster to another." Brenula almost looked pitying. "Does the Black Prince like to bind his wife and do," she shuddered, "disturbing and degrading things to her?" 

"He turns her over his knees like an unruly child, and," glancing at the door, she leaned forward and dropped her voice further, "I saw him hold her head in place and force himself into her mouth." 

The three made horrified sounds and covered their mouths leaning closer, "Why did you try to steal him from her? He's depraved!" Evenyla hissed. 

"I didn't know he would do such a thing! He's always been a good man and kind to me." Lislora shook her head, "I thought he loved me. That he would become more himself again after she was..." 

"Men want a woman who'll let them do anything they want and make a show of enjoying it. I learned that in the Thoncur." Brenula poured Lislora another glass of milk from the pitcher. "Aran women will tolerate anything. From what the Aran Prince said the women devote themselves to pleasure. The entire country is like the King's wing of the Palace, full of women eager to please." 

"She seemed almost innocent..." Herleesa frowned. 

"In some ways, she is." Lislora nodded. "She's as one of the children of Krugorim, it's why my cousin won't allow her to be taught Torgan." Sipping her milk for a moment, Lislora thought about Brenula's words. "The woman doesn't protest. She doesn't chide him or scold him in any way." 

"They're taught to be that way." Brenula nodded with satisfaction. "Once a man has had a woman that gives in to every demand without protest and claims every depraved thing he enjoys is her own heart's desire he's ruined. That's all they really want. 

"Somehow, in Ara, they taught all of the women that this is how things should be. They're all ruined." 

"I pity them." Herleesa shook her head. "Even life here in the convent is better than what life must be there." 

"It isn't a surprise to me that the Duchess would find life here a relief." Brenula looked smug. 

Evenyla pushed her glass forward to be filled again, "I think I might trade places with her. If I have to spend one more hour scrubbing on an empty stomach I may scream." 

The other women giggled quietly and Lislora lifted her glass with a faint smile. Once the milk was finished and the kitchen tidied again, they hurried back to their rooms. Lislora didn't bother undressing, instead, she lay on the bed in her clothes and stared up at the ceiling as she thought about what had been said. 

If she had allowed Draeseth to do as he pleased and tried to behave more like the Aran woman perhaps she wouldn't be here now. Despite what the other women thought, he wasn't a monster. Her cousin needed a woman who would help direct him, a strong woman who wouldn't allow herself to be mistreated. If it required a little bit of discomfort in the bedroom to keep him contented, she'd been told on her wedding night that's what a woman was intended to endure. 
