 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora felt somewhat better in her own clothes, though fetching them from the silent, closed up house had been a little eerie. The journey to the Keep could have been a pleasant one on such a fine day, if not for the speed her cousin insisted on. She gripped the Prince's arm as they went over a startling bump.

"Perhaps your brother would like his carriage back in one piece?"

Draeseth had borrowed the light Karisian carriage from Burgath. It could be driven with concerning speed on roads that should have been better kept.

His reply was an amused grunt. After a moment he slowed the pace slightly. "My brother lent it to me with the kind of scolding I would have expected from a priest. He wanted me to find out quickly so that my wife wouldn't need to worry."

"I'm grateful I won't have to go to Court. What your brothers must think of me..." 

"You wanted me to set aside my wife, a woman they've all been charmed by. Father calls her 'little Duchess' and lets her kiss him on the cheek as if he's her own father." 

Her mouth dropped open.

"I left before he read the letter. He will be sour about the matter on my return, I have no doubt."

"How does she..." Lislora shook her head. "She's a lovely woman but the way she can charm people baffles me."

He made another grunt this one much less amused. "She has more difficulty charming women than men. The Queen only tolerates her because of my father's command. The only female friend she's made at Court has been Princess Kresh."

"Does she know that her Imperial Highness attempted to seduce you?" She studied his grim face.

"No. Krouth advised me not to tell her. He had concerns she might make an enemy of the woman. Even as unpopular as she is, that could be dangerous." Draeseth scowled into the distance, "Mes has cautioned me that Princess Kresh may try to seduce my wife if the friendship continues. Such things aren't uncommon in Phaethia and she dallies with her female slaves. Arans have a reputation for it as well."

The thought made her feel slightly queasy and it must have shown on her face. Draeseth laughed softly as he straightened and encouraged the horses a little faster again. "How do you think Mes and Hodrim are faring at the Keep? It was kind of the Sellac to have them taken there in your old carriage."

"It was. Neither has been there before, even with the letter they may have difficulty getting inside." She frowned thoughtfully, "Master Gilim may help her find the things you sent her for while they wait."

"If not they can be found tomorrow. A night in my own bed will be welcome. I may stretch it to two to avoid my father for another day."

"Isonei won't mind?"

"She'll forgive me." He smiled faintly.

"She should learn to scold you." Lislora gave him a stern look and he began to laugh.

"She's learning. My gentle wife rightly took me to task before I received your letter. I was being unbearable and raised my voice to her for it. She sent me to pray and welcomed me back after I had finished. Isonei cannot stay angry."

Lislora fell silent. It was difficult not to compare herself to the Aran woman. Perhaps she was too often angry or sharp-tongued. It would have taken longer than time for a few prayers for her to be welcoming after he'd raised his voice especially if she'd been right. Gentleness and forgiveness were what he always praised in Isonei, and when he'd chosen her at the convent he'd called her the one who found kindness easy.

If she had shown those traits more... a vicious little voice whispered in the back of her mind that she may still have the chance. He'd said Isonei was struggling and he'd promised to marry her if Isonei died, to give the child a mother. Lislora quashed the voice and frowned into the distance; hoping for that poor woman to die was too cruel. If she strove to be kinder it would be for her own child's sake. Draeseth's mother had been permitted to help raise him. He would allow her the same, she was certain.

"You seem sour about something." His observation drew her attention back.

She winced and inclined her head. "I sometimes compare myself to Isonei, even though I think she has some flaws I don't," Lislora smiled bitterly, "she is the better woman in many ways and it's unpleasant to think about."

"If you wished to go back to the convent-"

"NO!" The forcefulness of her answer startled even her and he began to laugh as she flushed.

"It was not to your liking?"

"It was wretched. Young Hodrim was the only relief I had from the misery of it. He's a sweet-natured, intelligent boy."

"You will have to share him with Isonei. She's refused to concede on the matter. I thought perhaps having her own child would-" A bump in the road made him stop speaking and scowl as Lislora gripped his arm harder. "I should have the roads seen to in Penst."

"Do. Until then, slow down, cousin!"

He barked a laugh and slowed again.

After a few moments of comfortable silence, he spoke again, "Your misery is why the letter was as insistent as it was."

"Yes. I was so certain that I wasn't meant to be there and that this child was a sign. I should have been more thoughtful and more gentle when writing it. I know she loves you, but she enjoyed that miserable place and they loved her there. You said she doesn't charm women easily, but the Sellac and half of the Sisters adored her and she'd only been there a day. They disliked me almost immediately and the longer I stayed it only grew worse." She shuddered, "Halloc Aurim didn't help things."

Draeseth glanced at her with a questioning frown.

"The Sellac believes he's fond of the Duchess and wanted someone to suffer for your poor behavior. He raged at me and wanted my punishments increased. Sellac Gesosin had to ask him to leave, I think." Lislora paused wondering how much more to tell.

The Torgan Prince looked toward her with a clenched jaw. "She wouldn't do that without cause. What did he do?"

"He..." She took a deep breath, "He struck me." She mimed slapping someone. "In the face. And then he spoke of having me cast out of the convent and dragged me by my arm to find the Sellac. He tried to drag me down the stairs and I don't-don't know if I stumbled or he threw me."

The sound that came out of Draeseth made the hair stand on the back of her neck. The man looked ready to murder someone.

"He will not visit my Keep again. I will not allow the Halloc to harm you."

"Isonei-"

"My wife thinks highly of him, but she thinks highly of most of the priests. Another Halloc can visit in his stead."

Lislora leaned against his arm gratefully for a moment before asking curiously, "Who does she think poorly of?"

"Kamrus Gillaugrim." His tone was almost amused. "He was rude to her after coming into our chambers without her invitation."

"He's a Kamrus and a member of the royal family." She gave Draeseth a baffled look and the man smiled grimly. "Did you explain it to her?"

"No. He was ruder than he should have been and her sharpness was not unforgivable."

"Cousin!"

He snorted, "He called her a whore. She still tried to be civil but he wouldn't make the effort. I've made amends with him but he needs to find a way to make amends with my Isonei." Draeseth made a peculiar sound, "She delighted my father when she showed him she could play politics if she wished. When the Kamrus tried to deny her visits to the convent or the permission to adopt Hodrim, she countered with amending the Arrangement to allow her a room in my Keep dedicated to the Aran Gods."

It took a moment to realized her mouth was open and she wasn't breathing. He made an amused sound. "She also used my desire to have her reclaimed to bring me into the quarrel on her side. That may have been the moment my father truly began thinking of her as a daughter. He was delighted to find that he and her father share similarities and that she isn't as ignorant and innocent as she seems."

"That sweet woman..." Lislora tilted her head in confusion.

"That sweet woman is no fool, though, I think she enjoys being taken for one. Burgath insists she could be as conniving as he is if she chose to be."

"I find that difficult to believe but..." Lislora considered the woman's manner, "to charm the way she does, there must be some intent. The Sellac said she tested what the children had been taught so skillfully that they didn't even realize they'd been tested."

"My wife is a clever woman. Her son will be as sharp as a naked blade." He sounded pleased. "What he lacks in strength he can make up for in wit."

As she glanced over she caught him eying her with pride and narrowed her eyes questioningly.

"Our son will be a fighter. Knowing that one of my sons will be able to spar with me is a relief."

"You're not angry?"

"No. It may not be ideal but learning I'll have two sons isn't something to be angry about." He gave her a wry smile. "Isonei was disappointed. She wanted a daughter."

"I can imagine her with a daughter more easily than with a son." Lislora returned his smile. "She would put the girl in dresses with ribbons."

Laughing, Draeseth grinned broadly, "I have no doubt. My father was eager for a tiny silver granddaughter as well. He might have doted on her more than Kas. I promised Isonei..." His grin faded.

"Draeseth?"

"I promised her we would try again for a daughter," his tone had become more solemn.

"You worry about her health."

"I do. She's so delicate, and there have been days she could keep nothing down, not even tea. She bleeds and needs to rest almost constantly. I've been warned not to bed her or I risk the life of my child." He looked at the reins in his hands. "You know how her mother died."

"In childbirth." Lislora took a deep breath. "You should allow her to adopt a few more orphans instead of asking her to give you more-"

"I want my own children under my roof, not someone else's." He seemed to be keeping his eyes deliberately on the road. "If... if it would not pain you both, I might have considered-"

"Giving her my children?" Her hands balled into fists. "I want to raise my own sons and my own daughters, Draeseth. I would raise Isonei's child if the worst happened, but I won't give her a houseful of children to mother in my place."

"She doesn't like the thought of me bedding someone else when she isn't permitted to do the same, but she's fond of you. My wife wants as large a family as I do and if I try to give it to her I'll live in fear of-" The sound he made in his throat as he roughly wiped at his eyes softened her anger.

"I understand, but I can't..." 

"Two sons will have to be enough. I'll begin buying back her whoreweed for afterward. She'll need time to heal before she should consider trying for a daughter. Halloc Urroth pulled me aside and made that very clear."

"Halloc..." 

"Urroth. He's been tending my wife on occasion. Krouth is impressed with the man's knowledge and I'm grateful for his help, but he chides me and he carries tales to Kamrus Gillaugrim. The Halloc is one of his attendants."

The Keep came into view in the distance and he straightened looking prouder, "I'll have sons in my Keep by this time next year. Isonei won't object to you staying with us to run the household." He gave her a rueful look, "She'll mother your son but she won't take him from you. He'll think he has two mothers."

Lislora snorted, "I suppose it would be better than if she mistreated him, but I'll be very sour if he calls her mother as he does me."

"Knowing my wife she'll teach her son to call you mother as well." His faint smile looked almost impish.

"Are all Arans so exhausting?"

Draeseth's smile widened, "They think themselves straightforward and uncomplicated."

"Their family trees are-" She widened her fingers and put them together flopping them over top of each other and turning her hands so that only one palm faced her at a time.

He broke into laughter, "Their branches are in tangled knots."

"I'm amazed any of them know who their parents actually are!"

Nodding, he made a sound of agreement.

"But..." the thought occurred to her, "it may be why they don't have as many orphans. She was shocked to find so many here. In Ara, she said, their families take them in."

"They have large families in Ara. The father's House is the most important, she's said it before, and the women are reputed to be untroubled by jealousy. That they would help to raise another woman's child is not surprising."

"Some things may not be completely immoral there." She gave him a faint smile and he inclined his head. 

"It pleases me that she sees me as no different than my brothers. She's proud on my arm and it makes me feel proud." Draeseth smiled at the road ahead.

"I've always seen you as different from your brothers." Lislora inclined her head, "I always thought you were the better man. I still do."

He flushed and gave her a pleased look. "I am a fortunate man to have two beautiful and admirable women think so highly of me."

"I doubt I can still be called admirable." She winced and looked out over the fields.

"Cousin." Draeseth rested a hand on top of hers and drew her attention back. "Any blame should fall on me. I should not have taken you to bed feeling uncertain. I knew better but I let my desires get the best of me."

"I knew you felt uncertain. I-I thought that once we'd..." Lislora flushed, "I thought you'd be certain. And you were. I just didn't expect you'd be certain your wife was the one you wanted to be with."

"I wasn't, not until you fled." He furrowed his brow. "You looked as if you regretted it immediately."

"You looked so unhappy when I told you it had been painful at the end." She covered her face at the memory, "And then you-you left. The only thing I could think to do was to go pray that I hadn't ruined everything."

The soft sound he made as he ran his hand down her back made her look up. "I didn't leave. I went to fetch wine for us. I thought that after a glass you might feel comfortable enough to allow me to please you. It should have been more pleasurable for you. If I had fetched the wine first and persuaded you to allow me the Aran kiss there would have been no pain." Draeseth frowned and looked slightly bitter, "Isonei chided me, in her way, for being impatient and allowing you to be alone afterward. The woman seemed to know what happened with barely any discussion."

"Why didn't you say something?" If it had all been some terrible misunderstanding it would be too much to stomach.

He made a loud displeased sound. "Isonei and I have had some similar miscommunications. I thought, perhaps, it was because she can be too gentle, but perhaps I should pay closer attention and make my intentions known."

"If you had..." Lislora stopped herself. It wouldn't have changed things.

"If I had you might be at Court with us. I would not have been able to put her aside once I learned she was carrying my child."

"I know. We should have waited."

Draeseth made a speculative sound. "If we had my wife would not have become angry with me and ventured to the convent. The orphan boy would still be-" He stopped and began to laugh as she gave him a sharp look. "I should meet the boy who has you both feeling so motherly."

"He reminds me of you as a boy, before you had to spend as much time at Court."

The amused look he gave her was coupled with an almost cheerful sounding, "Ah."

Nearing the cowsheds of Javos, a man stepped into the road and waved his arms. With a scowl, Draeseth slowed. As they came nearer, Lislora recognized him as one of the soldiers from the Keep.

"Your Highness, I was told to give you the warning. A messenger from the Thoncur arrived flogging his poor horse. He had the King's seal on his satchel."

The Prince gave him a curt nod and encouraged the horse into a pace that made her cling to his arm. This close to the Keep at least the roads were better but it still felt rough and far too fast. She was relieved when he slowed to go through the market of Evenos. 

Catching sight of Hodrim looking unhappy near Master Gilim's stall, she patted Draeseth's arm, "Stop a moment. They're still in the market. You should go see the messenger, let me walk them in."

He gave an approving grunt and came to a stop letting her down. Once she had stepped away he headed toward the gate. Hodrim hurried toward her and she gave him a smile. 

"Were you-"

"They wouldn't let us in! Mes tried to show them the letter and they took it! She said we should try to find the things his Highness said we needed but we have no money for them and-"

"I'm here now." She laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "Where is Mes?"

"I'm here, Lady Lislora." The pale maid had covered her hair and looked almost nervous. "Master Gilim has been helping us."

"Good." She walked with them back to the man's stall and was greeted by his usual grin.

"Lady Lislora! His Highness found another from Mun?"

"Mun?" She was baffled for a moment and then looked at the pale woman, "You're from Mun?"

"Yes, Lady."

"His Highness bought you in the Thoncur?"

"No, Lady. I was lent to the Duchess by the King to serve as her maid." The woman paused, "She's been trying to have me freed ever since."

"The Duchess is a good woman." Gilim inclined his head. "How is she faring in the Thoncur?" He looked at the Munian woman expectantly, but the woman looked at Lislora as if seeking permission.

Lislora answered in her stead, "The Duchess is with child and having some difficulties but I was told she's cheerful."

The man looked surprised and at a loss for words for a moment. "I'll pray for a daughter for the tiny thing. Girls are said to be easier."

"The barley sprouted," Mes spoke quietly and the man grimaced.

"His Highness was pleased?"

"Very much so, but he worries about her health and the difficulties she's having. It may be the only child he gives her. The Duchess wants a large family, she'll be disappointed." Lislora offered a rueful look.

Gilim nodded slowly without a trace of his usual smile. "I'll have word passed around. A few prayers for her would do no harm."

"I'm sure she'll be grateful."

"His Highness asked for Mezi, the Aran spices I used to find for Xago of Mun, and any tiny onions I have?"

Lislora gestured at Mes and the woman inclined her head, "Her Grace has difficulty even keeping tea down some days but Mezi agrees with her. She's also able to eat some Aran foods, it seems the hotter the better, and pickled onions."

The old man's lips twisted, "Mezi I have, and I think I still have some of the spices Xago left without buying. The tiny onions are harder to come by this time of year. The Duchess has finally found something she'll eat?"

Mes dimpled at him, "She eats fish when she can eat at all. Her Grace was born near the sea as Xago and I were, it's a very familiar food."

He grinned, "I knew a Munian would be able to find food for her to eat. The spices you favor are similar?"

"They are. I think we may cook with liquor a bit more than they do but-" The maid stopped herself and gave Lislora a nervous look. 

"Gather what you can, I'll have a cart sent. I'm not sure how long his Highness will be staying."

"As the Lady pleases."

"We'll go up the servant's stair." Lislora beckoned for Hodrim and the pale woman to follow.

°°°°°°°°°°

Having found one of the few maids who remained at the Keep permanently, Lislora had her put Mes to work in opening a few bedrooms for the night and preparing something to eat. She then sought out Brother Odgar to look after Hodrim while she went to find out what Draeseth had learned from the messenger.

The Prince was in his study with the messenger, but the door stood open. Lislora peered in curiously to see her cousin looking grim and reading over a letter.
