 Lislora took a seat on the sofa next to Hodrim. "The Duchess should be ready shortly. Did you enjoy the trip to the Temple?"

"It's more beautiful than I imagined." The boy beamed at her. "When you have more modest dresses will you come with us?"

"I will. I can show you the paintings and tapestries I've always enjoyed there. Was the sun shining into the golden stained glass near the altar? It was my father's favorite sight in Nemauros."

"There wasn't much sun, the sky was clouded when we walked through the garden. We used the King's entrance!"

"I've never gotten to use it." She smiled at him warmly. "You're being treated like a prince!"

"The others would never believe that I'm wearing a Prince's clothes and using the King's entrance to the Temple in Nemauros." He straightened proudly. "I want to send them something for the dining room. Do you think we could send them something like the paintings of the Saints they have here?"

"I think that may be too expensive." Lislora glanced at Krouth with a smile.

"It's a generous thought, Master Hodrim." Krouth approached with a smile. "We can discuss a more reasonable gift over dinner. You'll be dining with Mes and I once his Highness and the Ladies have gone to take their meal."

"His Highness took me to the kitchens to look for more hare pockets." Hodrim smiled shyly, "We found a few and he gave me two."

"He took you to the kitchens?" Lislora glanced to the closed study door.

"He said Arans have terrible food and he'd be hungry if he didn't have something before dinner."

"Arans like things spiced differently than we do." Krouth looked almost amused. "Her Grace seldom complains."

"She simply doesn't eat." Lislora gave him a pointed look.

"That was what we were told to do at the orphanage, if you don't like the food you're not permitted to say anything bad about it but you're not required to eat it either. You should leave it for someone else who likes it more." Hodrim's brow furrowed.

"I think her Grace's father taught her something similar." Krouth inclined his head. "He strove to teach her to be respectful of others and she learned the lesson well."

The pointed reminder of her disrespect made her want to go back into the study to hide. If her cousin hadn't been in the room changing she might have.

Frowning, she asked, "How much longer will it take Mes to finish the Duchess' hair?"

"Arans do peculiar twists instead of braids, they can be time consuming. As well, the dress requires assistance to fasten and she will want help with the delicate clasps of the Aran jewelry."

"That was why Mes was in such a hurry to get back to her." Lislora winced.

"I would suspect as much. The labor required in dressing an Aran Lady is greater than dressing a Torgan, despite the difference in the number of layers."

"How do the servants manage with the amount of work..." She shook her head, remembering what the Aran Duchess had expected of the servants in the Kroscur.

"They have more servants. It isn't uncommon, in Ara, for the servants to have servants as well."

Hodrim's eyes widened and Lislora opened her mouth and closed it again before she could ask an offensive question.

The servant continued, "Several of them spoke of having a woman who tended to their children as a group and one who would tidy their houses while they worked in the King's service. And in the heat of the day, even the servants rest. The nobility are taken refreshments and left to themselves."

"They rest during the day?" Hodrim leaned forward with a baffled smile.

"In Ara, the weather is wretchedly hot through most of the year. The hottest point of the day is unbearable. No one does anything more than find a cool place to endure it.

"You may have noticed that her Grace takes a chill easily, Torga feels cold even on mild days compared to the heat of her homeland."

"Have you been there, Master Krouth?" The boy looked at him with something bordering on awe.

"I have. It was hotter than Karis or Bir Viccord."

"You've traveled there, too?" Hodrim's eyes were large.

Krouth looked almost amused, "Karis and other parts of Phaethia weren't my choice, but his Highness makes certain I have appropriate lodgings when I travel with him. In Ara, I stayed in the servant's room of his suite."

"But wh-"

"That may not be a welcome question," Lislora cut him off with a frown.

"I don't mind, Lady Lislora. As a child, I was sold into slavery in Phaethia. It was Prince Draeseth who bought me out of servitude and freed me." The servant smoothed his tunic, "No matter what is done to us, Torgans are not slaves. I learned many things during the time I was forced to spend there."

To Lislora's surprise the boy still looked in awe. Krouth smiled warmly at him, "We can discuss it another time." He shifted his gaze slightly to Lislora, "Some would think less of me for the circumstances I found myself in, through no fault of my own. I'm fortunate that his Highness does not, neither does the Duchess."

She looked at her hands for a moment as the man retreated back to the doorway. "I don't think less of him. It's just..."

"In the Book of Truths, it says that those who overcome terrible things deserve respect for overcoming, not pity for having had to endure." Hodrim was offering her a smile as she lifted her head, "If it was something easy to remember it wouldn't have been put in the book, I think."

That drew a laugh out of her, "You may be right. I think you'll be a fine priest one day, young Hodrim. I have some books my father left me that you might enjoy. I'll have them sent for you."

Before he could say anything a door opened and Mes moved to join Krouth where he waited in the doorway.

"I think she's ready," Lislora murmured, rising from the sofa and turning to see the tiny Duchess approaching in an elegant but scandalously low cut gown in grey and pale rose. Her hair was a mass of breathtaking twists that made her head look as if it were covered in silver blossoms and rippling strands.

The woman's face lit with surprise and delight, "Hodrim?!" She bolted toward him as she had Draeseth the first time Lislora met her, embracing the boy and kissing his head. "You brought him with you! I've missed him!" Her smile could have made a dark room as bright as midday.

"You asked me to look after him and I have grown attached. He is a very intelligent and sweet child." Lislora wasn't certain if the boy was blushing from being so warmly greeted or from the praise.

"I saw that immediately. He's wonderful." Isonei smoothed his hair and smiled at him warmly. "Have you eaten? Do you need anything, my dear Hodrim?"

"Ahhh... No?" His brow furrowed.

"He's learning Aran!" Isonei kissed his head again looking delighted. "Krouth, please make sure he gets a very solid dinner, my brothers always ate as if they had holes in their bellies."

Krouth approached speaking quietly, "Are you still hungry? If you need to eat sooner it can be arranged."

Hodrim answered with some embarrassment, "No, I can wait, I didn't mean to make her think I was hungry. It's just that she speaks so quickly. In my lessons with the Lady, the words were slower and clearer."

"He has eaten already, your Grace. You speak very quickly and he has been learning with Lady Lislora. She is slower and clearer in her lessons."

Isonei smoothed his hair again, putting forth obvious effort to speak more slowly, "I will try to speak clearly and any time you're hungry or need anything at all, ask Master Krouth or Mes." She looked back at Krouth, "I want him to be treated as if he's already been adopted, Krouth. Anything he requires he should have."

"Of course, your Grace." The servant looked pleased, his lips curving slightly in a smile.

The Aran woman then turned her smile on Lislora, stepping away from Hodrim to embrace her as well. "Welcome! Thank you for bringing Hodrim with you. How was your journey? Have you had time to rest and get settled in?"

It seemed she was only planning to speak more slowly to Hodrim, Lislora tried to answer what felt like a rush of words, "The journey was tiring but I bathed and rested. Krouth was able to find a dress for me," she gestured to the dark green and black open-throated gown she was wearing. Before she could remember to thank the Duchess for the lend of the necklace, the smiling woman was offering her warm, genuine compliments.

"You look lovely. I haven't worn that one yet and I think it looks better on you than on me, you can keep it if you'd like. I can't share dresses with you but I can share jewelry." Isonei's smile faltered as Lislora tried to keep her face from showing the sudden wave of shame that washed over her. "What's wrong?"

"You-you are being too kind." Lislora wiped her face and paused to rub just beneath her eyes and she drew a steadying breath.

"Dearest Lislora, there is no such thing as too kind. We're in a difficult situation and I need you to know that I love you like a sister. I want to make everything as painless as possible."

The Aran's face was earnest and her tone genuine and concerned but her words brought to mind what the King had commanded and it felt for a moment as if she'd been struck.

"I will..." Lislora's breath caught for a moment as she tried to form the words, "I will be grateful to have you raise my child as your own. His Majesty made it clear that you are to marry Draeseth and you will take my child and raise him lovingly."

"No, oh no, Lislora. I don't intend to take your child from you any more than I intend to marry Draeseth." The serious, solemn look on Isonei's face made her feel somewhat baffled. "Draeseth will amend the Arrangement. You and I are equals and you will raise your child as a Duchess."

It took a moment for her to understand the words.

"Isonei?" Draeseth had come out the study dressed in an elegant black tunic with pale grey embroidery at the shoulders and hem that nearly matched his wife's gown.

"You've been making all of the decisions and now it's my turn to make one, Draeseth. You will amend the Arrangement to include Lislora. There will be two beautiful Duchesses in the Kroscur."

His face set in a scowl, "My father-"

"Will be asked to recognize the Arrangement as a marriage. I will not marry you, Draeseth. If it's important to you to have your children be legitimate in the eyes of your laws, you will amend the Arrangement and stand with me when I ask your father to recognize it as the equivalent of a marriage." The tiny woman tilted her chin up and looked as if she were ready to quarrel over the matter. "An Arrangement is permanent unless we choose to dissolve it, and it can be tailored to suit our needs. A Torgan marriage doesn't seem to suit anyone that I've yet seen."

If Isonei was willing to fight to allow her to raise her own child, she would do no less. Lislora spoke firmly as she stepped forward next to the woman, "I want to raise my own child. I will agree to an Arrangement, even though it is not what I wanted, if it will allow me to do so."

Her cousin's face softened slowly as he studied them, "If it pleases my Duchesses." He repeated himself in Aran for Isonei.

Isonei exhaled loudly with what sounded like relief and looked vaguely bemused. Her next words sounded ever so slightly careful, "Good. You look incredibly handsome, my flower wine, but... do you have a green belt that would match Lislora's dress?"

He made an amused sound in his throat. "You have no jealousy at all."

"None." The Aran gave him a bright, mischievous smile.

"I have one." Draeseth glanced at Krouth who moved into the bedroom with a studiously neutral expression on his face. "You have seen Hodrim." He sat heavily in a chair. "Would you like your other gift? It was made for you in the Kroscur by the glassmith before he came here to be close to Mes." His eyes began to glitter as Isonei attempted to imitate what might have been a surprised expression. "You should never try to lie, wife, your face betrays you. I know you gossip with the woman and she told you of him."

To her credit the woman didn't try to deceive him further, "She did, and do you know the effort it's taken not to poke you and tell you I could have had much better food if you'd just let him cook for me when he offered?" Isonei fluttered her lashes and laughed as he gestured brusquely for her to come to his chair. "You'll rumple my dress if you put me over your knees!" She didn't hesitate to move toward him, smiling.

Draeseth could barely hold his stern expression and it made something twist in Lislora's belly to watch as he took his wife's hand kissing the back of her fingers as he praised her. "You look exquisite." He paused. "Your hands are already cold."

"This a warm dress for Ara, but in Torga it might be too light for a summer's day."

"Mes-" He nodded approvingly as the Munian woman already had the cloak in hand, bringing it to them. "Bring the gift as well."

The cloak suited the tiny Aran somehow and she seemed pleased to have it on, idly stroking the soft leather. Hodrim stepped forward to get a better look at the cloak, reminding Lislora that he was there. She gently put an arm around the boy and pulled him back.

Duchess Isonei was watching Mes take the gift out of the box. When it was laid on the table, the woman moved forward and sank to her knees.

The glass wreath on the table was lovely but it seemed to mean something more to the Aran.

Draeseth rose from his seat and helped her back to her feet, "You will rumple your dress. Keep this out on the table so Duchess Isonei can look at it whenever she wishes and tell Xago she was moved to tears." He wiped Isonei's cheeks with his thumbs as she took a quavering breath.

Lislora caught herself as she took a half step closer to get a better look at the flowers.

"That-that gift..." Isonei placed her hand over her heart looking at the maid and the Munian woman looked ready to burst with pride. Turning her attention to Draeseth, the tiny woman rose on her toes and he stooped to let her wrap her arms around his neck. "Thank you. I..."

He made an amused sound, "Had I given it to you quickly enough you might have been too speechless to-" Draeseth jerked back suddenly though Lislora couldn't tell why.

"You are the most wicked, horrible man I have ever met." Isonei imitated one of his sourer expressions as he grinned down at her.

"No other man would keep you entertained, woman."

Krouth cleared his throat pointedly holding a dark green leather belt. Draeseth took off his black one and tied on the green, looking to both Isonei and Lislora for approval. Lislora offered a small, nervous smile. He was going to attend dinner in clothing that matched both of their dresses, the other guests would be curious, to put it mildly. The thought of both of them accompanying him to dinner brought to mind a question of propriety.

"Who will walk with him?" She asked, with a glance to Isonei.

"We both will, proudly and confidently. He has two arms and the more accustomed people become to seeing us all together the less we'll have to deal with concern that we're uncertain or that we were pressed into amending the Arrangement." The woman didn't have a trace of doubt in her voice or on her face.

Draeseth gave a growling grunt and Isonei looked at him sharply as if she expected him to begin arguing as he asked, "Do you believe you can persuade my father?"

"I will do my best. Your brother Burgath and the Queen may support me. I spent the morning answering questions about Aran Arrangements before I was ill at the gathering." The Aran wore the same serious expression she wore when contemplating the placement of things before the party she'd thrown.

"Your Grace has been currying favor..." Krouth spoke up with surprise.

Lislora could see him reevaluating his opinion of the Duchess.

"I told you I was perfectly capable of navigating the Court but that I don't enjoy it." Isonei smiled at him wryly. "I've had a few missteps due to my illness giving me a short temper and the medicine making my face fall off but-"

"You were born to navigate the Court, or to rule over it." Draeseth looked smug. "Daga Lothlaerith was right when he said Liadith should have warned of your devastating charm." 

"Where would the fun be in warning people, Draeseth?" The Aran gave him a bright, innocent smile and his face split in a wicked grin.

It made Lislora remember his words about the woman enjoying being taken for a fool.

A knock at the door interrupted them. Krouth still looked slightly bemused as he moved to answer it.

A noblewoman Lislora only vaguely remembered from a previous visit stood outside expectantly. "Her Majesty thought someone should fetch you all to dinner."

"Are we late?" Isonei's concerned expression seemed just slightly insincere.

"No, your Grace, you are meant to be the last to arrive." Krouth seemed to be paying more careful attention to the woman, watching her as she moved to kiss the baffled-looking Hodrim on the head and take Draeseth's arm.

"Are we ready?" The Aran smiled warmly as Lislora was offered Draeseth's other arm.

"I-I believe so." Holding her cousin's arm with his Duchess on the other felt peculiar.

They both looked up to Draeseth who seemed slightly flushed but inclined his head. "Let us go to dinner."

°°°°°°°°°°

Entering the King's immense formal dining room it took all of Lislora's willpower not to let go of her cousin's arm and flee back to the rooms. The incredulous looks from the gathered Dukes and Duchesses made a flush creep up her cheeks despite the nonchalant look she was trying to hold. She squeezed Draeseth's arm and he pulled it closer against his side in reassurance.

As they moved up the side of the tables her heart dropped into her belly as she realized there was no place set for her at either of them. There certainly wouldn't be at the King's table. A glance up at Draeseth's grim face told her he'd noticed the same and she waited for him to give her an indication of what to do.

It was Isonei, however, who moved to the King's table and pulled out her own seat, offering it to Lislora with a confident smile. Lislora wasn't certain if the woman understood what she was doing but inclined her head as she accepted the seat. If the Aran had been currying favor perhaps she'd curried enough to cover this grievous breach of etiquette.

Draeseth followed his wife's example by holding out his chair for her and offering to endure the embarrassing wait to have another brought as the King's inner circle gossiped at the lower tables.

The Duchess gave him a warm smile but didn't sit immediately, "Thank you, but I thought I might show off my dress before I sat." She draped her cloak over the chair as if removing it in front of so many and displaying her low-cut gown wasn't embarrassing in the slightest.

"As my Duchess wishes." Her cousin, however seemed to tense almost immediately, turning slightly to give a glower to the servants she knew would be gathering another place setting and chair to bring to the table.

Lislora couldn't help but watch as the brightly smiling Duchess walked back along the table. Every eye in the room was on her and most were disapproving but the woman seemed not to notice at all. For a moment Lislora envied her lack of shame immensely. When Isonei did a playful twirl, making her way up the wide swath, the sudden conviction that the woman noticed the looks and managed to revel in them struck her. The quiet sound Draeseth made told her he'd just been struck by the same thought.
