 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora looked up from the book as Krouth came in. The sour servant wore a studiously neutral expression. 

"Forgive the intrusion, my Lady. Her Grace wished to have paper and writing implements for her thank you notes." 

"Who is she thanking?" Lislora frowned in surprise. 

"The Kamrus, I believe, and possibly her Imperial Highness." 

"But she's angry with her Highness and Kamrus Gillaugrim is angry with her." Her brow furrowed, "Why would she do that?" 

"Gratitude is of immense importance to her. Her Imperial," he emphasized the word, "Highness brought her a lovely meal when she was ill and Kamrus Gillaugrim gave her the copy of the Book of Truths you're reading. Anger is no reason to be ungrateful for an Aran. 

"I would go so far as to suggest ingratitude is a sin in Ara." The man's face might have been neutral but his tone held a slight edge. 

"You think I've been ungrateful." Lislora looked at the book in front of her. It was possible, but not intentional. 

"I think the Duchess has gone out of her way to welcome you. You've seen how she can be when her displeasure is provoked. Perhaps you shouldn't take her goodwill for granted." 

"What do you suggest?" She closed the book. 

"I might blame the sourness on your condition and attempt to reconcile with her after-" 

"The breakfast was horrible, they treated me-" 

"She didn't," he spoke firmly and gave her a pointed look. "They were unpleasant to you but the Duchess was not. She was concerned. If she had wished to be disagreeable to you, you would have received the same treatment as Princess Kresh. Every word out of your mouth would have been taken as a provocation." 

"Everything revolves around the Duchess. It's maddening! She may not have been disagreeable to me but..." Lislora shook her head. 

"Prince Burgath said something this morning that I would have expected you to think about. Her Grace cultivates goodwill. She does it by expressing her gratitude and being gracious and kind to others. Imitate her, my Lady. You may find it to your benefit." Taking what he came for, he left the room. 

Being told to imitate the woman made her want to be sour on principle. It felt worse because being grateful, gracious, and kind were all things a woman should strive to be. Opening the Book of Truths again she read a brief passage on modesty and felt somewhat mollified. That at least she could do better than the Duchess. 

Going to the door she cracked it open slightly and peered out. Isonei was seated at the table working diligently on a letter and Mes stood nearby. It would be rude to interrupt, the woman would probably stop her writing to be polite. She sat back down with the book again. 

After she'd read until her eyes had begun to ache from the ridiculously curved Aran writing she stood to look out again. 

Isonei seemed to have stopped writing and was speaking to the maid. "I think that may be enough for today. I'm going to go rest now." 

Lislora ventured out of her room. 

"Would you like some peppers or some Mezi before you lie down?" 

"Some peppers would be lovely and perhaps some tea?" 

"I'll fetch it for you and take your letters to the courier to be put in envelopes and sent." 

"Thank you, Mes." 

The words reminded her of what Krouth had said, the Duchess cultivates goodwill. That she did so even with the servants had been something she'd never really noticed. 

The Aran stood and stretched as the maid bustled out before moving to a more comfortable seat, curling her feet under her on the sofa like a child. 

Lislora took her seat at the table, lightly touching the paper and eyeing the pen, thinking about gratitude for a moment. "I understand why you wanted a servant of your own. She will wait on Draeseth but she serves you." She offered an apologetic glance, "She seems loyal." 

"I intend to set her free when King Orgath gives her to Draeseth. She may not choose to stay but she is a wonderful woman." 

"Why would you set her free if you think she would leave? A well-trained servant is valuable." Lislora frowned and fidgeted, feeling baffled. She moved away from the pen and paper to another chair closer to the Duchess. 

"Because no one should be kept from home and family just to make my life a little easier." Isonei smiled one of her wan smiles. "Have I done something to make you unhappy?" 

Between the genuinely gracious answer and the guilt-inducing smile, Lislora felt absolutely wretched. It solidified her resolve not to enter into an Arrangement. She took a deep breath and pinched the bridge of her nose. There would probably be a quarrel. Trying to explain why might help the Aran to understand. 

"No. I... I thought I could do this but the looks we got at the dinner... It was painful enough to watch you charm the King and Princes in a way that I never could hope to; the scandalized looks made me feel so ashamed." She paused debating saying more or saving it to further her argument when the woman tried to insist. 

Instead, Isonei spoke earnestly, "I won't press you, Lislora. I would not keep your child from you and I hope you know me well enough that-" 

"Isonei, stop. Stop being so nice to me." Cutting the Aran off she scowled at her hands and tried to compose herself. The woman could be so sweet it was unbearable, but that might change if she knew the truth. "When I... when I realized, I thought now he will have to put her aside. I was so relieved at the thought of leaving the convent and so happy at the thought of having him to myself." 

There was silence and she risked a glance up to see Isonei patiently waiting for her to continue. "I spoke to some of the other postulants, ones who were there because they had been wanton and were sent as punishment. They told me what I had done wrong when I took him to bed and I thought... I thought I could steal him from you." 

"And then you learned that I was also carrying his child." 

"Yes." 

"I know this isn't ideal for you. That's part of why I'm trying so hard to be welcoming. I love you like a sister and sharing him will be miserable for you at first." Isonei paused until Lislora lifted her eyes to meet the woman's earnest gaze, "I don't want my sister to be miserable. I will do anything I can to make it easier on you." 

Lislora looked back down contemplating the woman's words. After a moment she lifted her head and asked quietly, "What is the other part?" 

"I know some Torgans will insult us both, or insult you more than they do me. I'm protected, to a certain extent, by the King. You don't yet share that protection." 

She took a deep breath, "I could tell. He allows you to do things that would have anyone else trembling in fear for contemplating them." 

"He can be a very sweet man. I treat him like my father. I charm him and try to get around his wishes more than I should." Isonei's seriousness faded and she smiled impishly. "The Queen is a little more difficult but I think she doesn't hate me. And considering how poorly behaved I was when she was rude to me..." She wrinkled her nose and made a comically doubtful face. 

Lislora couldn't help but laugh despite her mild horror at the woman's confession. "You do have a way with people, Isonei. If your son inherits it he would make a better diplomat than a priest." 

"With all the trouble he's giving me, Draeseth and the Queen are sure he's going to be a troublemaker." The Aran smiled wistfully and gave her a look that bordered on envious, "Draeseth said you've had no trouble at all?" 

"No. I have been a little sour and moody but I can eat and I have no bleeding." Lislora frowned slightly before asking a delicate question, "How bad is it?" 

"Usually it's light and I barely need the padding, but last night it was heavier. Draeseth blamed the dancing." 

Nodding slowly, Lislora tried to stop herself from asking an indecent question but couldn't contain her curiosity. "What... what did you do that made him look at you that way this morning?" 

"I was in the mood to be kissed last night, and we did a great deal of it. We also had a lovely conversation and we so rarely do." The woman's answer was as open and unbothered as ever. 

"You are not permitted to..." She stopped herself, the woman should already know what she wasn't permitted to do. 

"We can't have sex, no. They advised none at all until after the child is born." Isonei looked amused to have been reminded. "If you want to, I can teach you what he likes. He would enjoy that, I think." 

The woman's openness was terrifying. Lislora hesitated before entering the completely inappropriate conversation, "He enjoys your... your mouth." 

Isonei made a soft, reassuring sound. "He enjoys my enjoyment. You could use just your hands if you wanted to, but showing him how much you desire and appreciate him and how much you enjoy his body is what thrills him." 

It sounded similar to what she had been told in the convent, Lislora inclined her head slightly, "I was told, I should have let him do what he wished and made a show of enjoying it. That is what men want." 

The Aran covered her face with a sigh. "No. Your pleasure and comfort are as important as his." It looked as if she were chewing on the inside of her lip for a moment. "Would you be comfortable enough to let me show you?" 

Draeseth's mention of Aran women going to bed together leapt to mind and she considered bolting back to her room. 

Hurriedly, the Aran tried to reassure her, "It doesn't have to be today. You watched me with him once; I'm inviting you to watch more closely and to participate. It would let me teach you both. You lack the confidence and experience to tell him when to change his position and he needs reminders to be patient." 

The invitation wasn't appropriate but it was reassuring to know she wasn't being propositioned. Still. The thought of trying to join them was almost tempting, until she imagined being bedded by a man gazing longingly at another woman. "I... I do not think I could endure it if I were naked in front of him and he looked at you with desire instead." The mental image was far too clear and she turned her pained gaze to her hands. 

"I will make certain he looks at you with desire. I give you my word. If you feel comfortable enough, he's going to wear his armor back to the room. You can join me in washing him and rewarding him. I think once you see him in his armor you may want to." 

Lifting her eyes, the Aran had a faintly mischievous smile on her face. It made her laugh despite herself. "I have seen him in his armor; it made something in my belly flutter." 

"Why don't we both go rest? He has stamina and we don't want to fall asleep in the middle of the fun." 

"Mes was bringing you something to eat..." Lislora frowned slightly realizing how tired the woman had begun to look. 

Rubbing her temples, Isonei nodded, "I had forgotten." 

"You do not look well." Truthfully, it looked as if all of the light and energy was draining out of the woman like water from a sieve. 

"I feel very tired. I had slept all day yesterday before dinner and I was awake well into the night because of it." 

"Rest your eyes until she returns, Isonei." Lislora offered her a faint, reassuring smile. 

With a yawn, Isonei curled and laid her head on her arm, "I think I might." 

Her smile grew a little warmer, the tiny woman looked like a child curled on the sofa. That she'd needed to be told to rest her eyes like one was somehow amusing. How the Aran could seem so innocent and still be so... Lislora sat up onto the edge of the chair. She'd sat down with all intentions of calling off the Arrangement entirely and, without pressing, Isonei had made her forget and even had her considering going to bed with her cousin again. 

She stared at the woman for a long moment. "If your son is a troublemaker, Ganas help us all." 

The woman didn't stir. 

"Isonei?" 

It seemed the woman had fallen asleep on the sofa as quickly as she had in bed. She felt a twinge of envy. If she could sleep in the day she'd have the bed to herself. Perhaps she could lie down and try to rest her own eyes. Lislora laughed softly shaking her head. 

The door opened abruptly and the maid came in beaming, "The cook made..." Mes looked at the sleeping Duchess with a frown as she brought in the cart. "Is she asleep?" 

"She looked exhausted so I told her to rest her eyes for a moment... I didn't expect her to fall asleep so quickly." 

"Master Krouth was very clear about not waking her. She tries to stay awake and be cheerful if anyone is with her." 

"I noticed she was trying to stay awake and keep me company." Lislora smiled wryly looking at the delicate woman who seemed utterly oblivious to their conversation. "The Princes said she sleeps like the dead." 

"The dead don't wake if you touch them." Mes dimpled. "I'll keep the tea warm in case she wakes but if we leave her alone she'll sleep for hours." 

"I should have told her to rest her eyes in bed." Lislora rose from her seat. "I may go rest mine for a few moments. Hodrim is a sweet boy but he clings in the night and I can't sleep that way." 

"I'll fetch a book and keep watch over the Duchess." 

"You don't have other tasks to attend to?" She frowned at the woman. 

"I'm to be at the Duchess' disposal. I help Master Krouth where I can and I was told to take commands from Prince Draeseth as well, but she," Mes gestured toward the sleeping Aran, "is my most pressing concern. His Majesty wants her to be kept happy and to be well looked after." 

The Munian woman gave an almost doting smile to the Duchess before continuing, "As far as Mistresses go, her Grace the kindest I've ever had. I feel more like myself when I'm keeping her company." 

"She treats you like a free woman." Lislora inclined her head. "She spoke of intending to have you freed." 

There was a silence and Lislora decided to attempt to be gracious. 

"Do you need one of the books from my room?" 

"I can't read Torgan but I learned to read Aran with my eldest brother. Their myths are peculiar but always fascinating." Seeming to see Lislora's displeasure she promptly reassured her, "Master Krouth has already made certain they're not inappropriate." 

"Even so, you would be better served to read the Book of Truths." Lislora beckoned and headed toward her room. 

Inside, she took the book from where she'd left it and gave it to the maid who curtsied. Closing the door, she shook her head. Even free maids weren't allowed as much as the Duchess gave the Munian. She didn't bother removing her overdress before she lay down on the bed. Resting her eyes would be futile, she'd be standing up again in just a moment. 

°°°°°°°°°° 

"Lady Lislora?" Mes hissed, tapping Lislora's hand frantically. "Lady?" 

Groggily, she sat up and rubbed her eyes with a frown. "How long-" 

"Prince Burgath came to speak to the Duchess. He carried her into her bedroom and sent me to fetch her tea. He's closed the door!" 

Lislora lurched out of bed and marched out, toward the closed bedroom door, smoothing her skirt and running a hand over her braids as she went. She didn't bother to knock, opening the door and entering with a deeply disapproving frown on her face. 

Isonei was sitting up against a pile of pillows and the Prince was seated on her bed. Before she could attempt to chide them, the Duchess spoke with an almost pointedly bright smile on her face, "Sit and join us, Lislora. Dear Burgath was just telling me how impressive our Draeseth is being in the sparring today." 

The look on Burgath's face was much more of a clear warning and she tried to sweeten her face, "He is always impressive, Isonei. I have decided I would like to take a long walk. Master Krouth will be back soon, perhaps you should return to the table. He will be sour if he sees you allowing Prince Burgath to sit on your bed while you talk." 

She hoped Master Krouth would be back soon. After waking she had no idea of how late it was, and she had no intention of being here when the water was drawn. 

"There is no need to drag the Duchess from her bed, Lady Lislora." Prince Burgath rose from his seat on the bed with a concerning smile. "Allow me to walk with you. Dear Isonei speaks highly of you and I wish to get to know my brother's second Duchess. He is making us all envious." He reached for her hand and brought it to his lips, kissing the backs of her fingers. "His eye for beauty rivals our father's." 

Her face flushed and the hairs on the back of her neck rose at the sudden change in his demeanor. Isonei might be deceived into thinking Prince Burgath was a nice man but she knew better. 

Pulling her hand away gently, she tried not to let him see that she felt rattled. "Thank you, Prince Burgath." 

His smile was almost smug as he offered his arm wordlessly. 

With no other choice, Lislora took it, holding it gingerly and allowing him to escort her from the room. 

"You don't have to look so frightened." He sounded amused and she couldn't bite back an angry response. 

"Isonei may be blind enough to think you're as nice as her brothers but-" 

He laughed softly, cutting her off and stopped to wait as the maid opened the door. "Her brothers aren't nice. Arrogant, devious, and ambitious is what they are. She's fond of me because she misses them." Burgath led her into the hall and gave her another unsettling smile, "Isonei is more clever than my brother by half. I promise you the woman isn't blind." 

She inclined her head slightly. 

"Shall we walk the gardens or the parapets?" 

"Can Draeseth be seen from the parapets?" Lislora asked cautiously. "I'd like to see him sparring." 

"No, we'd have to go a short distance into the city for that and I've already washed the stink from myself once today. He'll wear his armor back to his rooms, however, I'll have you back in time to see it." He guided her through the halls at a leisurely pace in silence for a few moments. "Dear Isonei mentioned she spoke with you after breakfast?" 

"Why do you call her that?" Lislora licked her lips avoiding his question. 

"It's a game of sorts. The more childlike she is the more you have to be wary." 

"The maid, Mes, said that Arans are known to use their soft manner to their advantage. It's difficult to imagine until you spend time with the Duchess." 

Burgath laughed and nodded looking genuinely pleased, "Visiting Ara was an education in more ways than one. Draeseth did surprisingly well there. They had Ougath and Shoban ready to agree to nearly anything they asked. My bastard brother's surliness was jarring to them, however. 

"Once I learned that Isonei's father is a very proud man and hot-tempered like my brother, I could better understand why she finds him so appealing." He gave her a pat on the hand as they entered the garden and again the conversation settled into silence for a time until he broke it with a curious question, "Has my brother lost his appeal for you?" 

Lislora's face flushed, "That's-" 

"You'll answer my questions or our pleasant conversation will become decidedly less so. I admire dear Isonei's manner, I don't attempt to imitate it, my father's works just as well." 
