 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there! 

***** 

Lislora buried her fingers in Draeseth's hair as he lifted her hips, his tongue was moving in ways she'd never known possible in a place she'd never expected a man to want to put his mouth. Each groan and growl he made with his face pressed so intimately to her sex sent shocks of almost painful, giddy pleasure through her and it was impossible to keep her hips still or to be quiet. 

The sounds that he'd been drawing out of her, gasps, moans, and an unplaceable sound almost like mewling were nothing she could control. 

His fingers slipped into her soaked sex and began to rub in a way that sent an almost electric shock through her making her skin tingle and her whole body feel as if something needed to happen. There was no way she could form words to tell him, no way she could ask him to stop or to beg him to make whatever needed to happen happen. 

Her thighs gripped him, trembling, and suddenly, as if a glass shattered, that something happened. Lislora wailed out in the unexpected pain and pleasure of it, every muscle in her body tensed unbearably and then released sending rivers and waves of sensation and ecstasy through every inch of her. For a moment, she thought she could even feel her hair on the pillows. 

Limp, she panted and tried to understand what had just happened. Her cousin, however, was groaning in delight and sending his tongue delving into her sex. 

"Perfection." Draeseth released her hips and loomed over her on all fours grinning before lowering himself to kiss her, letting her taste the very slightly musky wetness on his lips. "How did you enjoy an Aran kiss? Will you let me do it again?" The look on his face said he already knew the answer. 

"I refuse to believe an Aran is capable of doing that." 

His grin broadened, "Any man who tries to kiss you as I do will wish his father had been castrated and his mother had died a virgin." After kissing her again he pulled two of the pillows from the head of the bed and began trying to put them under her hips with as intent an expression as he'd worn when unbraiding her hair. 

"What are you doing?" With some difficulty, she managed to make her legs work enough to assist him. 

"Trying to find a position that will please you better than the one we attempted at home." His face broke into a slightly rueful smile. "Tasting your desire has made me need to be inside you and I want you to enjoy it this time." 

"You do that and then...?" She made the rolling gesture with her hand as he laughed in his throat. 

Taking hold of her hips he rubbed himself against her still wet entrance and then pushed inside, the feeling of being opened and stretched around him was somehow different this time. Lislora tried to pull him with her thighs as he'd told her before, wanting more. 

Draeseth made a pleased sound, massaging her hips as he worked more of his length in, "Try to hold me inside each time I push forward." 

She tried to grip him more firmly with her thighs and he grinned, "Grip me with your cunny. I enjoy the feeling of being squeezed and released." 

Each time he thrust she tried to grip him, not feeling wholly sure of what he meant. Still, she squeezed and tried to keep him from pulling back, it felt somehow strenuous. 

He leaned over her grinning and began to kiss her after a moment, "You look so intent, my Kros Voyeh." 

"I want to do it right." 

Pulling back he began to laugh, "I want you to enjoy it. I should have waited to ask." 

"No! I-" Lislora came up onto her elbows. "I want to know how to do it right." 

"I need you to enjoy it." Draeseth came to lay on his side next to her and pulled the pillows from beneath her. 

For a moment, she thought they were done and her heart sank with disappointment. Then he pulled her closer to face him, kissing her eagerly before trailing thrilling biting kisses down her neck. Firmly, he pulled her into position, her leg over his hips so that he could sink inside. 

Pressed so close, face to face, it felt perfect and right. The delicious feeling of him being deep but not painfully so made her want it to continue forever. She could lose herself in his kisses and the way his hand roamed her back and down to her thigh. Every motion of his hips rocked her and she tried to press back, wanting to meet him each time. 

Grinding deeper he gripped her thigh just below her bottom and groaned, "I want to change positions, I want you to turn." 

"I like this one." Lislora couldn't help but protest and it made his face break into a broad, pleased smile. 

"As do I, but I want to feel you have your release on my cock, my perfect flower." He kissed her roughly and then pulled out of her. "Face away from me. You'll enjoy this one as much, I promise you." 

Grudgingly, she turned to face away from him, letting him press himself close behind her. The biting kisses he gave her from neck to shoulder made her ache to have him back inside her. She made a startled sound as he let his hand roam from her hip up to her breasts cupping and massaging them. 

Behind her, he laughed softly, "I want to do so much more than touch them, my flower." 

Her eyes widened as his fingers found her nipple and he began to roll and gently pinch. It felt as sinful and wickedly wonderful as the Aran kiss had. 

"Cousin, please! I want you back in-inside!" Lislora could feel herself flushing as the indecent words spilled out of her mouth. 

Draeseth groaned behind her. "I want you to call me yours." His hand moved from her breast and pulled her thighs open so that he could re-enter her from behind. "You are my flower, my Kros Voyeh." He began to thrust from behind and his hand strayed to her sex rubbing in a way that sent ripples of pleasure through her. "I will be your husband, and your Prince, woman. You will be my wife and my Duchess." 

"Yes! I-" Her toes curled and she tried to squeeze him as he thrust in, "Husband, my Prince, I-" Lislora could barely do more than pant and make helpless noises as he rubbed and thrust. 

It was moments later that she felt the horrible, wonderful shattering feeling a second time and the waves of ecstatic pleasure accompanied by Draeseth's thrusting were somehow more potent than they had been after the Aran kiss. She felt almost unable to move as he kissed her shoulder. 

"This is what I wanted to give you." Draeseth made a soft sound and pulled her close, holding her securely. "And what I need for myself." 

"It's..." she tried to organize her fuzzy thoughts, "I didn't know anything could feel that way." 

"There's more to show you, my flower." His playful tone made her flush. 

Stroking his hand below her breasts she stifled a yawn and he began to laugh. 

"We can rest a moment first." 

Lislora turned just enough to catch a glimpse of his indecent grin. "We should open the window, it's too hot in here." 

He smacked her bottom with a laugh and pulled away, clambering out of bed on the other side. "I must be getting used to warm rooms." 

The opening of the window let in a rush of pleasantly cool air and she rolled onto her back with a contented sigh. Her cousin didn't rejoin her and she opened her eyes with a frown. He was standing next to the bed, gazing down at her and smiling.  

"Come back to bed, husband. I-" Lislora laughed as he climbed on top of her and settled into place kissing her face. "I hadn't meant to throw you out of bed." 

"I was enjoying the view." Kissing his way down to her breasts he rubbed his face against them and suckled one of her nipples into his mouth drawing a moan from her. 

The growling of her stomach made him stop and look at her with amusement. "Perhaps we should rise and-" 

"No!" Leaving the bedroom would mean rejoining Isonei and if she were still sleeping it would mean the endless discussions of the woman would begin again. "I'm not ready to share you," she managed to murmur. 

Draeseth adjusted himself and stroked her face before pressing his own to hers. "I can have food fetched. Isonei will still be sleeping." 

The thought of going back to the small bed and having Isonei sleep here was bitter. "Perhaps..." Lislora pursed her lips and studied her cousin's face, "perhaps I could sleep with you tonight?" 

He made a thoughtful sound and kissed her deeply. "I'll have food sent for." 

Watching him rise from the bed and fetch his robe she felt a twinge at the thought of this moment ending. "I'm not that hungry, I can wait to eat." 

"I will have the food brought in to us, my flower." Draeseth gave her an amused look. "It will only take a moment." 

Opening the door, he muttered, "Or perhaps, not. I'd forgotten I left these in front of the door. How..." 

Lislora sat up as she heard the Aran's cheerful voice, "I insisted that you not be disturbed, Rogath moved them from the door to here." 

"I had forgotten about the chairs. He will tease me tomorrow." Draeseth pushed them out of the way and then closed the door behind him. 

She ran her hands over her face. "I should have gotten up to go with him." 

Climbing out of bed, her legs felt oddly unsteady but she began gathering up her clothes. Several of the fasteners had been mangled on her overdress, and the under layers had fared no better. Her chemise was torn as well, she held up the garment and stifled a laugh. 

It had been thrilling when it happened but now it was incredibly inconvenient. She lay the mangled and torn clothes on the foot of the bed and went to look in the closet. Isonei wouldn't have clothes to fit her, but perhaps Draeseth had a spare robe. 

A lamp was already lit inside. "It shouldn't be," Lislora muttered to herself. There was no spare robe that she could see, but her cousin might not mind if she borrowed one of his under tunics. She found a plain black one and pulled it on. 

Something on top of a chest caught her eye. The jeweled knife was slightly too broad to be the traditional wedding gift but... when she lifted it to inspect it, there was no mistaking the seal of Kroscur engraved in silver on one side of the pommel and on the other was a sizable polished silver jewel. 

Unsheathing it, the way the smooth metal looked rippled like water, she knew it hadn't been made in Torga. Isonei had brought him a wedding gift from Ara. Like the Duchess, it managed to look both elegant and expensive. 

Feeling daunted, Lislora turned the blade over in her hands looking for some sort of flaw or blemish. Even if she were given as generous an allowance as Isonei had been and she spent every coin on his knife, hers wouldn't come close to this. 

"Lislora?" Draeseth's voice carried even into the closet. 

She put the knife down and hurried to the door. "I'm here. I was trying to find something..." Stepping out, she saw Krouth placing trays on the vanity and speaking in a hushed tone to the Torgan Prince. The language wasn't one she understood, she thought it might be Phaethian. 

For his part, Draeseth looked solemn and displeased. 

"Is something wrong?" 

"No, my Lady." Krouth turned and bowed. "I was unable to find a maid that I trusted but I encountered someone I knew from my brief time at the Temple and he was seeking some temporary employment. Until we return to the Kroscur he will suffice." 

Something in the man's tone didn't seem quite right. She eyed him dubiously. 

"Mes will be waiting on you, Lady Lislora. My acquaintance has some skill with tending the sick. He will be a help to me with Duchess Isonei." 

"Isonei is very attached to the maid." Lislora gave Draeseth a questioning look and he rubbed his eyes. 

"She's already unhappy that Hodrim will be going to Lislora's rooms." 

"Arrangements can be made for her to see both of them." Krouth smoothed his tunics. "I was spoken to by Kamrus Gillaugrim today while I was at the Temple with Master Hodrim. He was insistent that the boy remain with Lady Lislora as a matter of propriety and that neither should be permitted to neglect their prayers." 

Draeseth exhaled heavily and then seemed to noticed she was wearing his tunic. A smile broke over his face as he moved around the sour servant to offer her a kiss. "You were looking for one of my tunics?" 

"I was looking for a spare robe. Everything I was wearing seems to need mending." 

A smug grin graced his features. "You enjoyed it." 

"More than you'll enjoy paying to have them repaired." She arched her eyebrows and tried to give him a pointed look but it was almost impossible not to return his grin. 

"I can have the garments mended." Krouth sounded slightly put upon. "I'll have a robe found for you as well, my Lady." 

"What were you doing with the tables?" Draeseth turned to speak to the servant again, keeping an arm around Lislora. 

"Her Grace insisted we all join her for a meal." The servant inclined his head. "It-" 

Cutting him off with a surprised sound, Draeseth narrowed his eyes, "She served her father's wine to servants?" 

"She said it pairs best with good conversation and light hearts. If his Majesty inquires she intends to tell him she shared it with friends and loved ones." 

"He may command me to put her over my knees." 

"Her generosity makes a good impression. I have no doubt the tale will be carried." Krouth smiled faintly. 

"A Duchess shouldn't be dining with servants." Lislora gave the man a stern look. "You should have insisted she eat with Hodrim." 

Krouth's face slipped into a studiously neutral expression, "When her Grace insists it requires his Highness to overrule her. She refused to allow you to be disturbed for, I believe her words were, 'any reason short of the palace catching fire.'" 

Her cousin began to laugh in his throat. 

A brief knock at the door before it opened was her only warning. Lislora tried to step behind Draeseth as a Lerian man brought in a bottle of wine. 

"This is Master Rimathe." Krouth took the bottle from him and allowed the man to bow. 

"Why would you bring a Lerian to help you with Isonei?" Lislora looked around her cousin's arm with a frown. "They're peculiar." 

"My mother was only half Lerian, my Lady." The man smiled as if he tasted something bitter, "My father was fully Torgan." 

"Lerian's are paler and smaller, my flower, and their hair tends to be golden," Draeseth sounded slightly rueful. 

"I do speak the language of Leria. I was able to converse with her Grace easily in it. She laments not being able-" 

The door began to open and Krouth immediately prevented it. After looking to the Prince for permission, he opened it himself. Wordlessly two glasses were handed through. 

Once the door closed, Draeseth spoke firmly, "You are not to teach her Torgan. I will teach her in time. The Kroscur will be a safer place for her to learn it." 

"You don't speak Aran?" Lislora eyed Rimathe with a frown, "I would think a servant could be found for her that speaks Aran." 

"I understand a few words of it," the green-eyed man inclined his head, "but her Grace-" 

"There has to be someone better suited, Krouth." Lislora cut him off and frowned at the Torgan servant now pouring two glasses of wine. 

"Isonei speaks Lerian as well as Aran." Draeseth turned to give her an oddly cautioning look. "He'll be waiting on her and if she has complaints Krouth will see to the matter." 

"Master Rimathe will do well, I assure you, my Lady." Krouth offered a shallow bow. "I'll see to it Mes understands what you expect of her." 

"Do. Isonei allows the woman to sit on the furniture and read her Aran books." 

Krouth bowed again. 

"The Duchess insisted I sit to speak with her." Rimathe looked wryly amused. "She said Master Krouth tends to prefer to remain standing." 

"If you're going to stay, even for a short time, you should try to emulate Master Krouth more than the maid in your duties. She's much too chatty." 

"Her Grace requires a companion." Krouth spoke coolly, "Mes will be a fine maid in time, she's been very helpful in keeping the Duchess content. 

"Master Rimathe is well versed in the prayers and stories of the saints. As a temporary companion, it may be beneficial if he speaks to Duchess Isonei as much as Mes does." 

"I trust your judgment on the matter, Krouth." Draeseth folded his arms and inclined his head to the Lerian, "Be kind to my wife. She starves herself without meaning to when she's unhappy." 

"I will look after her like a sister." The Lerian offered a servant's bow and followed Krouth out. 

Draeseth stood looking at the door with a scowl. 

"You don't like him either." Lislora came to lean against his side for a moment and then moved to look over the food. 

"I trust Krouth, but I dislike other men around either of you." He kissed the back of her head and began to put meat and cheese on a slice of bread. "Isonei had all of this waiting for us. She offered you the last glass of her father's wine as well." 

"I don't like taking her maid, perhaps I should just stay in the study? The Lerian wouldn't be needed." 

He made an amused sound in his throat. "It's too late for that. The maid can bring Hodrim to visit with her. That will cheer her." Draeseth put a second slice of bread on top of his pile of meats and cheeses. "Mes told me their conversations often turn toward Ara and Mun. It may be good for Isonei to spend time with someone who will work to reclaim her." 

Picking up his glass of wine he moved to the bed, letting Lislora look over the trays. Once she'd assembled something much like her cousin had and came to sit on the edge of the bed, he made a peculiar sound. 

"She'll be sharing the small bed with Hodrim tonight. She said she expected you to ask and she didn't want me to worry." 

"If you-" 

Draeseth gestured with his glass, cutting her off, before taking a drink. "I want to share the bed with you and not only for sex." He flushed as he offered a smile, "There are things for us to discuss. We'll need to rise early for the prayers at the Temple, Krouth said it was insisted upon and my brothers have insisted I bring Isonei to breakfast tomorrow, we eat with Adareth. I'd like you to come with us as well." 

"Your brothers despise me. They love Isonei. I'm-I'm not trying to put her aside but they..." She gave him a pleading look hoping to be spared another wretched breakfast. 

"You will be with me, I will make certain they're kinder. Isonei won't allow them to be openly cruel either. Have Mes fetch you a second breakfast with eggs if you're still hungry afterward." He gave her a wry smile, "I want to have you there." 

Lislora sighed and gave him an annoyed look, "I'll do it because you asked me to." Taking a bite of her food, they ate in silence for a short time before she spoke again. "I liked it better before you went out there. It was just the two of us in here and now it feels like three again." 

He made a loud amused sound before swallowing and finishing his wine. "I enjoyed having you both in bed." His grin only widened as she gave him a scathing look. "A jealous wife is a thing to treasure." 

°°°°°°°°°° 

Lislora woke with a smile and stretched. Draeseth wasn't in the bed and she sat up with her smile fading as she looked around. He'd been playfully trying to pull her close the night before, each time she'd laughed and moved back to her side of the bed when he let her go. She'd expected him to be close when she woke. 

Climbing out of bed, she nearly jumped back in as Krouth came in with a dress for her. 

"My Lady, if you wish to wash-" 

"Where is Draeseth?" 

"He rose earlier to speak to Duchess Isonei." The servant inclined his head with a slightly disapproving expression. 

"She's already awake?" 

"No, he had to wake her to speak with her. Young Hodrim was sent from the room." 
