 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there!

*****

Lislora ate her meal silently, the new rooms were considerably smaller than the ones Isonei enjoyed. It was hard to see it as anything other than an insult. Her cousin would want to stay in the nicer rooms, even if his wife couldn't bed him. Glancing around, she tried to think of a way to make them more appealing.

Noticing the maid standing in the doorway to the servant's chamber she'd be sharing with Hodrim, Lislora remembered about the flowers.

"Mes, it was suggested I have you find flowers for my rooms. They do need brightening."

"As the Lady pleases." The maid bobbed a curtsy and started toward the door.

"Wait." Lislora eyed the woman with a frown, being left alone in the rooms to eat would make them feel worse. "What do you talk about with the Duchess? When you gossip?"

"My Lady?" Mes gave her a nervous look.

"I was told you gossip with her a great deal."

"We talk often. She's spoken of Prince Draeseth and Prince Andnaeuth, and of her family. I've spoken of Xago and of my home as well."

"She speaks of Draeseth?"

"She loves him."

"Does she... does she talk about the things that he likes? She told me he needs to be coddled."

"That I've seen for myself, my Lady. His Highness needs to be stroked like a kitten and rewarded each time he does something sweet. She pays attention to the things he wants and tries to give them to him."

Taking another bite, she thought about the words for a moment, "He seems to want her good health more than anything else."

Mes made a slightly dubious face and smoothed her skirt. "He isn't permitted to be in the room when she's examined because she has to comfort him. If he were concerned for her he would be reassuring her not the other way around.

"I think he worries about the child and he worries about how losing the Duchess might affect him. The way she rewards him for every small kindness endears her to him. I think it may be changing him slowly, but he's still an angry man, and a selfish one." The maid kept her eyes down as if waiting to be scolded or dismissed.

Taking a sip of wine and another bite of food, Lislora chewed on the words for a long moment.

"I know he's angry. He's been angry since we were children. But he's always had a good heart. My cousin won't announce it when he does something selfless, but he's learned that if he wants his life to be comfortable he has to secure his comforts on his own.

"Isonei is a comfort to him. He does worry over her." She debated telling the maid that he'd wept when his wife has been poisoned by swine.

"Shall I see about the flowers, my Lady?"

"Stay a moment." Lislora looked at the maid waiting patiently near the door. "No one enjoys being alone. Some companionship when no one else is here would be acceptable. No gossip leaves this room. Not even for the Duchess' ears."

"As the Lady pleases."

"You were one of the King's women?" Lislora felt herself flushing as she asked.

"Yes, Lady."

"Perhaps you can tell me some of what men enjoy? I could ask Isonei, but I don't think I could bear to have her offer me another lesson."

Mes lifted her eyes and offered a speculative look. "I can but... why? Prince Draeseth has already agreed to the Arrangement."

Swallowing her pride, Lislora straightened in her seat. "I want to be able to do whatever that woman does better than she can. I want him to look at me the way he does her and to stop..." She turned her head and calmed herself, for a moment she'd felt angry at both of them.

"Stop looking to her?" Mes inclined her head.

"She told me not to try to have him put her aside." Lislora watched the maid for a hint that the woman would run to her mistress and warn her.

"Duchess Isonei is too delicate for his Highness. She loves him but..." The maid eyed her nervously.

"Help me win him over and I'll help you find a place for her that's less harsh than the convent in the Kroscur." Keeping the Aran out of the Kroscur would keep her well away from Draeseth as well.

"The Dalcur, perhaps?" Mes gazed into the middle distance, "She's fond of Rimathe and Xago says that Lerians don't stare the way Torgans do. We could go with her."

"They don't have a convent in the Dalcur, but Prince Burgath might be persuaded to allow her to start one." It wasn't likely but the assurance seemed to be enough for the Munian who nodded as if accepting an offer.

"Don't agree to anything firmly on the Arrangement yet, my Lady. To put off an Aran you need to make small gestures to show you might be willing, reassure her that you intend to eventually follow through. You'll need to discuss it with her and find little things to quibble over so that you have to keep coming back to talk about it.

"It should give you a little time to learn what he likes in bed." Mes tilted her head, "You'll need to practice as much as you can to get better at it."

"I can try." Lislora pushed her plate away. "He... he asked me to do something and I didn't know what he meant. Has a man asked you to-to draw him in with your..." She gestured downward.

"There are exercises you can do, my Lady." The maid looked amused. "I can explain them to you and give you the... the Phaethians call them training balls or string balls. I haven't used them in more than a year I think. I kept them very clean, you can't tell they were ever used."

She tried not to show her complete bafflement. "Do you think Isonei learned with these... training balls?"

"Her Grace is Aran." The Munian woman dimpled slightly, "She probably learned with a cock. Some of the sailors at home said that Aran women treat sex as a pleasant way to relieve boredom.

"With the training balls you can practice even when his Highness is occupied."

"See to the flowers and then we can start with the balls." Lislora felt more confident as the maid hurried away. Improving her skills and brightening the room might help to make her cousin want to visit.

Her thoughts turned to what the training balls might be. If what they taught could be done as well by a cock... her face flushed and she hid it in her hands. The maid was going to be giving her something that had been inside her-her cunny!

It was a stomach churning thought but not as terrible as it might be to have such a thing made. The craftsman would know what they were for and if he told anyone... Lislora shuddered. Making certain the training balls were clean would have to do.

Rising from her seat, she went to inspect her closet. Two of her cousin's black tunics were hanging next to a handful of gowns. The green and brown dresses that had been fitted were there, a gown that looked fit for another dinner with the King in dark green with black lace stitched to it, as well as a green gown much like the brown and cream that she never wanted to see again.

"Mistress Rin must earn a fortune," she murmured to herself.

Opening the chests, she found there were even some new undergarments and pair of black silk stockings like Isonei often wore. The jewelry box was beneath them. The other chest held her day dresses from the Kroscur.

"At least I have something to wear," Lislora sighed coming out of the closet.

Leaving the bedroom, she wondered if it would be acceptable for her to walk the gardens. It would be unbearable to stay confined to her rooms the way Isonei did.

She nearly jumped as someone knocked on her door. After debating a moment whether or not she should open it, the door opened itself.

Prince Burgath peered in with a frown. "Lady Lislora?"

"Prince Burgath, I was coming to open the door." Clasping her hands over her belly she tried not to look as nervous as she felt.

"Where's the maid?" His brow furrowed as he glanced over the table with the dirty plate.

"I sent her to see about flowers to brighten my rooms."

He nodded and came in to seat himself in a chair, gesturing for her to do the same. "I was told Isonei became ill after breakfast? Draeseth's servant insisted she shouldn't be invited to anymore of them, or any dinners for a few days."

Hesitantly, she moved to perch on the chair he'd gestured to. "Yes. My cousin wasn't there? He was going to take the Lerian servant to task. He was supposed to send her to bed when she began to seem tired but he didn't intervene and she didn't rest when she should have. Duchess Isonei looked worryingly ill before she was given some merciful breath."

"Ah. My brother has gone to the Temple to pray. Halloc Aurim and Halloc Urroth came to visit with the Duchess to see for themselves how ill she was. They were arguing with..." He made a gesture as if hunting for a name, "Krouth about how much merciful breath she should be given."

"She didn't seem to need much. Krouth said he gave her an infant's dose."

Burgath inclined his head. "The Hallocs felt that if she were given more she might recover more quickly."

Lislora nodded and glanced around unable to think of anything to say.

"There will be a dinner tonight, unfortunately." Burgath drew her attention back. "Isonei will need to attend."

"Is that wise?" She gave him a stern look and he shrugged.

"It's necessary. I know that you lack skill in 'herding' someone through a conversation as my brother so eloquently put it but I may need you to make the attempt."

The maid chose that moment to return, "My Lady, why is the door... your Highness." Mes dropped into a curtsy.

"Were you successful in finding flowers?" Burgath asked with a faint smile.

"No, your Highness. I was told they have none to spare."

"If you can do as I've asked, Lady Lislora, I'll have those intended for my rooms sent to yours."

"What kind of conversation does she need to be herded through?" She smoothed her skirt with a frown. "The Duchess shouldn't be put through another unpleasant conversation today, especially at a meal."

"It's simply a conversation about names." The way he said it made her suspect it was more than that. "The meal tonight will be Lerian, that should put her in good spirits."

The mention of Lerians made her remember about the spy who'd been seeking out Mes.

"I had intended to bring the matter up with my cousin, but we were accosted by a Lerian in the city today. He seeks out Duchess Isonei's maid and tries to get information about her."

The Prince waved his hand dismissively and Lislora gave him a pointed look as she continued, "He's asked her about the plans to bring the Duchess out with the Queen's retinue."

That got his attention and he looked at the maid with a scowl.

"She told him she didn't expect the Duchess to go. Her health is too fragile."

"He shouldn't know to ask." Burgath rose from his seat still scowling. "The matter hasn't been decided and the only ones who should be aware of the possibility are a handful of trusted servants or in mother's retinue." He stepped toward the door before turning back to look at her dubiously, "How did you learn of it?"

"Draeseth asked me to warn him if the Queen tries to take the Duchess out of the Palace. He intends to go with them to be certain she's safe, no matter what the Queen wishes."

His scowl faded. "That would be an unpleasant surprise for anyone trying to steal her from the retinue. I'll see to it that if mother insists she go with them that my brother knows of it." He turned back to the still curtsying maid. "Who is it that seeks you out?"

"M-Master Crethe. He-"

"I know of him. Xago buys most of his supplies from the man and he gives him a suspiciously good price each time." Burgath moved purposefully to the door, "He should be helping to prepare the Lerian meal. Xago was told to fetch every Lerian he knows to consult on the preparations. I can speak to him and see what I can discover of the matter."

In the doorway, he turned and gave Lislora a small smile, "I thank you, Lady Lislora. I trust I'll have your assistance this evening?"

"I'll do what I can, your Highness."

"I'll have the flowers brought to you."

After he left, Mes closed the door and looked at her with a concerned expression.

"He wants me to help herd Isonei through a conversation about names. She's being required to attend a Lerian dinner."

"I don't know much about Lerians." The maid's brow furrowed.

"I'll be careful. If they upset her I'll try to support her, but I don't see how a conversation about names could be upsetting."

"Why else would he need you to help him?" The Munian shook her head. "Master Krouth says she trusts him too much, he's worried Prince Burgath will take advantage of her somehow. She's clever but she underestimates him."

"Prince Draeseth won't allow it. I'll speak to him about his brother."

Nodding dubiously, the maid disappeared into her room for a moment. Returning, she held what almost looked like a small but thick wooden jewelry box. Lislora ushered her into the bedroom before she opened it.

"Princess Kresh uses something similar but hers are tied with silk strings that get replaced." Mes opened the box showing her a pair of brassy looking balls connected with what looked like a very short, fine chain and a peculiar ring at the end of another short length of it.

"What... What do you do with them?"

"You wash them, before and after, my Lady, it's very important, and then you put them inside you. The empty one goes in first and then," she shook the box and a small sound came from one of the balls, "then the other. The last bit of chain is just to make sure you can get them back out again."

Lislora looked at her dubiously and the woman continued, "You hold them inside you. It strengthens the muscles he was asking you to use."

"Just holding them?"

"You'll be going about your day, my Lady. Holding them won't be as easy as you think. The feeling of the second ball when you move will be," Mes flushed slightly, "pleasant at times and you may find yourself wet and having to use your muscles a great deal to hold them. Once you can hold them without difficulty you try to push them and pull them."

"They look," Lislora hesitated, "large. Are you certain they would fit?"

"His Highness is larger, but you will need to make yourself ready first." Mes looked at her pointedly. "With your fingers."

Blushing furiously she shook her head, "He did something with his hands but I don't think I could do that without him."

"You can, my Lady. It isn't difficult."

"I... I need to think about it."

Mes inclined her head and placed the box on the nightstand before leaving the room. Lislora hurriedly closed the lid before hiding the box beneath her pillows. Faced with the lewdness of the act she wasn't certain she could actually go through with it.

°°°°°°°°°°

Hodrim's return had been a welcome distraction from her internal debate. Lislora listened to Hodrim chatter about his day at the Temple with a smile.

"After we prayed for the Duchess' health we were taken to speak to the Kamrus. He showed us the paintings and asked us about what we saw. Some of the boys tried to impress him but they got things wrong. None of them knew that Onoliuk had been given a new name or that he was buried next to Saint Odhrim."

The boy paused to take a breath and she took the opportunity to speak, "I'm very glad you decided to go. Duchess Isonei will be too. When will you visit with her tomorrow?"

"I wanted to have breakfast with her again. Master Rimathe said she would be having breakfast alone."

"I may join you. I can translate for you."

"Do you think," he glanced at the closed door, "could we teach her Torgan without..."

"Prince Draeseth would notice. Duchess Isonei would be giddy at being able to speak it and he would find out quickly. You have to trust that he has her best interests at heart." She wasn't truly certain he did on that particular matter but defying a Prince of Torga was a foolish thing to do. Discouraging the boy was best.

"Yes, Lady." Hodrim frowned and rubbed his hands on his tunic. "Rimathe said I'll be eating with Mes tonight?"

"Yes, there's a Lerian dinner we're required to attend. Mes will look after you tonight."

"Lerian?" His brow furrowed. "Why?"

"I don't know." She headed off his protest, "Duchess Isonei will be looked after at dinner. I promise."

"You should get ready, my Lady," Mes interrupted cautiously.

"It doesn't seem like it should be-"

A knock came at the door and it opened before Mes could reach it. "Is the Lady ready?" Rimathe inquired as he stepped into the room.

"I didn't realize it was time." Lislora tried not to grimace as she made her way to the bedroom.

Mes followed her in and helped her change hurriedly, putting her hair up in the crowning braid that Isonei seemed to favor and pinning the modest cloth in place. The green gown fit well and Lislora couldn't help but hope that the dinner tonight didn't make her wish to never see it again.

Finally coming out of the bedroom, Rimathe was perched on a chair smiling as he spoke quietly to Hodrim.

"If the Duchess wasn't ill I would scold her for allowing you to sit on the furniture as well." Lislora gave him a sharp look and he leapt up, bowing in apology. "Servants in Ara must not realize that they're servants."

"Prince Draeseth asked you to come to his rooms before dinner. He wishes to walk with you both." The Lerian straightened but kept his eyes down. "Master Hodrim should walk with us so that he can see the Duchess before dinner."

"She'll be pleased to see you, I'm certain." Mes dimpled at the boy.

Smoothing her skirts, Lislora tried to put on a more pleasant expression and moved toward the door. "We should go before we're late."

Rimathe opened it for her and she preceded them to her cousin's rooms. As they reached them, however, Krouth stepped out with a frown.

"Her Grace was given too much merciful breath." He lifted his hand and gave Hodrim a commiserating look. "She's awake but only barely and in an unpleasant mood since no one will allow her to go back to sleep. You should go to the dining room without disturbing her."

"How unpleasant?" Rimathe frowned stepping forward.

"Prince Rogath made a jest that if more people saw her on waking they would pray her son inherited his father's cheerful demeanor."

Lislora stifled a laugh.

"She then told us we were all horrible and tried to go back to bed." The servant's lips twisted wryly.

"I love her Grace but she doesn't wake well." Mes shook her head with a smile. "It's the only time she's sour."

"They shouldn't tease her." Hodrim gave Krouth a stern look and the man smiled warmly.

"No, they shouldn't but she'll tease them back when she wakes fully. Dinner should be short." Krouth gave her a pointed look, "Try to bring up her delicate health, perhaps they'll let her return to bed."

"I was asked to help draw her into a conversation about names." Lislora shook her head. "I'll do what I can. If she's falling asleep at the table I may not have to say much."

"I'll join you in the dining room." Krouth gestured to Rimathe and Mes to take Hodrim and ushered her in.

Isonei was dressed in a dark blue gown with black lace much like that on her own green gown. Despite the color lending her skin a slightly healthier look the woman was wilted and holding onto Draeseth's arm as if that were the only thing keeping her on her feet.

"The boy would have worried," Krouth murmured.

"Should she be going to dinner?" Lislora whispered back. "She looks like she may fall over."

"She'll be fine." Draeseth answered as he brought the woman toward her. "My father has something planned but he hasn't spoken to me of it."

"Lady Lislora was asked to help engage her Grace in a conversation about names," Krouth said the word as if it had a particular meaning.

Her cousin made a thoughtful noise. "If that's what he wants she may not give it to him. The-" he stopped and glanced at the woman leaning against him, "they were peculiar about names."
