 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there!

*****

Lislora woke from a terrible dream of clinging to her cousin and trying to hold him back while he tried to wade into a murky green river after Isonei. The Aran was being escorted by hooded men and no matter how Draeseth called after her she didn't turn. Trying to stop him from following was like stopping a charging bull.

Rubbing her face, it took a moment for the desperation of the dream to pass. Sighing, she spoke to herself under her breath, "Ganas help me if this dream repeats itself as well."

The faint sound of voices from beyond her bedroom door prompted her to get out of bed hurriedly and grab her robe. She was tying the belt as the door opened and her cousin came in with a faint smile. He was wearing his robe over what looked like his underlayers.

"Gentle morning, cousin. I wanted..." Draeseth noticed the box on her nightstand and reached for it.

"Cousin!" Lislora hurried forward as he opened it and looked at her with a frown.

"Who gave you this?"

"The maid." Flushing, she snapped the box closed nearly catching his thumb and tried unsuccessfully to yank it out of his hand. "I had-had asked her about something and she suggested these peculiar things. I haven't tried them yet. I'm not sure I want to."

His eyes began to glitter as he lifted it out of her reach. "What did you ask? I should be made aware if my wife is planning to put anything in her cunny that isn't my cock, woman."

She gave him a scathing look and he grinned wickedly at her.

"I can put you over my knees to loosen your tongue."

"You'll do no such thing!" 

Laughing, he scooped her up as if she were as light as Isonei and she found herself over his knees in an instant. One hand groped and squeezed her covered cheeks before pulling her robe and nightdress up, the other pressed into her back keeping her in place.

"Tell me."

"Isonei may tolerate-"

He landed an almost playful smack and she could feel her entire body flush. "Tell me, woman."

Collecting herself, she decided to answer to keep him from doing that twice. "I asked what you meant when you said to-to draw you in with my-my cunny."

The groaning sound he made was one much like one he'd made in bed. His hand began rubbing and teasing between her thighs in her helpless position and she shivered.

"She explained how to use them?"

"Wash them and then-then they need to go inside. The hollow one goes first."

He made another pleased sound. "I should have made certain she'd already fetched the water before I sent her with the boy."

"You sent her somewhere?"

"To the other rooms. The boy was already dressed and Isonei is preparing to go to the Temple for the prayers." His fingers slipped inside and she made a small noise of pleasure without meaning to. "They will stay and pray with Krouth instead. I need to show my thoughtful Torgan wife the depths of my appreciation for her desire to please me."

It took a moment for her to put words together as he touched her. "Husband, you're all I-" His thumb touched a place that made her back arch and her words end in a whimper of pleasure.

Draeseth pulled his hand away and stood her up, kissing her hungrily before she could protest. "Let's find out if we have water." He began stripping himself as he went, glancing into the washing room at the dry basin and then making his way to the door, leaning out to bark at someone in the hall to have water and soap fetched.

"You nearly left the room half-naked!" Lislora gave him a scandalized look and he grinned, approaching her as he unfastened his pants.

"We'll both be naked when they bring the water, my flower."

She rushed back into the bedroom and he began to laugh loudly. He stripped himself of his pants before he entered the room kicking them out where the maids would see. "I understand now why it delighted Isonei when I was shy." Draeseth's broad grin as he came closer, his enormous cock bobbing in front of him made her feel as if she should be scolding him.

Lislora drew herself up and opened her mouth to do so but he managed to sweep her up and deposit her on the bed. The most she managed was a surprised squeak. 

He pulled open her robe carefully as if unwrapping a gift, grinning down at her, and then tore the nightdress down the front. 

Summoning her wits, she tried to frown at him, "That will become an expensive habit, cousin!"

"Not if you sleep as bare as I do," his face was flushed as he pulled her legs to his shoulders and began to kiss her ankles and calves.

"I'll sleep that way if you're here with me." Lislora didn't mean for the words to sound almost melancholy and she regretted saying them as he stopped his kissing and began rubbing her legs looking down at her thoughtfully.

"You didn't enjoy sleeping with me. You kept pushing me away."

"I've never liked being clung to at night and I didn't know you needed it, husband. I slept better next to you than I have in-in..." She sat up and ran her hand over her eyes. The torn nightdress and robe slipped down.

Gently, he pushed her back down and settled on top of her, kissing her face.

"I can try to become accustomed to it." Wrapping her arms around him felt comfortable.

"I had to do the same, but now I find I cannot sleep without being held." Draeseth pressed his face to hers. "We'll find a way to both sleep well and in the same bed if it means a great deal to you."

"It does."

Lifting his head, he began to smile wickedly again, "Perhaps this is a good time to teach you how to apologize properly."

"What do you mean by that, cousin?"

"Roll on your side." He pushed himself up and off with eagerness. "We can apologize at the same time."

She had to try not to laugh as he lay next to her the wrong way around and embraced her hips, wrangling her top leg under his arm. "What are you doing, cousin?" 

Adjusting his hips, he rubbed his cock against her face and laughed in his throat using his top leg to try to pin her. "Apologize to me as I do the same."

His lips and tongue began to explore and tease her folds, occasionally sucking gently on them and she blushed, understanding him. If that was what he wanted... his cock was pressed to her cheek but his balls were nearly in reach. Carefully, she tried to arrange herself to imitate what he was doing, trying to suckle one into her mouth.

Groaning, he stopped what he was doing and panted against her sex, "Like that woman, yes. Stroke me with your hand..."

Obediently, Lislora stroked his cock as it lay against her face and he tried to grind himself against her. Working her other hand carefully into place despite the awkwardness of the position, she began to press and rub just behind his balls at the same time.

"Woman-" 

The sound he made, an almost whimpering groan was so peculiar she paused.

"Don't stop!"

They both froze as they heard a familiar voice in the other room.

"Your Highness, why are the maids bringing water? The-" Krouth's voice sounded as if he stood in the doorway as it came to a sudden stop.

"Out!" Draeseth spoke sharply, "Have them leave the water and soap. We are not to be disturbed!"

There was no answer and her cousin slowly began disentangling himself as the sound of the outer door closing more firmly than necessary met their ears.

"Isonei says he doesn't interrupt me on purpose but I think the man has a talent for knowing when I'm enjoying myself and a need to put a stop to it."

She couldn't stifle her laughter as she sat up as well. "I'd suggest you make a small effort to be less indecent in your enjoyment, but I was enjoying it as well."

He gave her a broad grin, "I'll be as proper as you desire me to be outside of the bedroom, my Kros Voyeh, inside of it you'll have to endure the indecency."

Her face flushed as she returned his smile, "Indecency is permitted behind closed doors between husbands and wives, my joy." Lislora blinked as she realized the affectionate address had slipped out.

Draeseth looked startled for a moment and then broke into a genuine smile, "Your joy. It sounds different when you say it than it did when my mother called me that as a child." Pulling her close, he lay back with her onto the bed, "I like it."

"I've always called you 'cousin', it feels comfortable, but 'husband' feels right too, and you are my joy." She kissed him and reveled in the way it felt to have his hand moving over her skin. When he finally broke the kiss, she murmured, "You're all I could ever want."

"When you say such things, my flower, I want to take you home to the Kroscur and make certain no other men come near you. I don't want that to ever change."

Reaching up she stroked his hair, "No other man could ever persuade me. I'd freeze his blood with a look! Did you forget that your grandfather used to call me-"

"-The ice maiden!" Draeseth grinned and managed to press his face into her neck, "He said you'd either grow into a harridan or a good and proper wife." He began to laugh as she made an indignant sound, lifting his head, still grinning, "I'll make certain you're a good and proper wife."

"That would require you to be a good and proper husband!"

The sound he made wasn't entirely amused, "You must enjoy apologizing to me, or being over my knees."

"I'm almost certain you owe me an apology for calling me a harridan." She tried to put on a stern expression but when he broke into laughter it was impossible to hold.

"I will apologize to you more thoroughly than you could have hoped and claim my apology after." 

He nearly leapt out of bed, grabbing the box with the training balls on his way out of the bedroom. Unhurried, Lislora picked up her robe and tied it on to follow him. Draeseth was washing the balls carefully in the basin, soaping his hands and rubbing them over the balls and fine chains as she stood in the doorway of the washing room. In his hands, they didn't look as large as they had in their wooden box.

After rinsing them he turned and made an amused sound. "You put your robe back on?"

"I came out of the bedroom."

Draeseth shook his head with a grin moving toward her and backing her into the bedroom, "It pleases me as much as it amuses me, wife. Indecent and willing in the bedroom, modest and respectable outside it..." He made a lustful, low growling sound and laughed softly as she blushed. "Take off the robe, woman, and lie on the bed."

Obediently, she untied the robe and laid it aside before lying back on the bed. He pulled her to the edge and began to rub and tease, occasionally slipping his fingers inside until she was nearly ready to beg him to use his cock. Then he slowly started to push one of the balls inside drawing a helpless sound out of her. The second followed it and he continued rubbing.

The feeling of having them in was lewd and somehow exciting.

"Hold them there." He stopped his rubbing and climbed onto the bed, shoving the pillows into the floor. "Come here and kneel above me."

As he lay back she noticed that his cock was beginning to drip his seed, something Isonei had said would let her know she was doing something that pleased him. The sight baffled her slightly and she felt compelled to ask, "You're-you're dripping, cousin, but I haven't done anything..."

"Watching and listening to you as I please you, and knowing it's my touch alone that brings you this much pleasure gives me a great deal of pleasure, my flower. Nearly as much as your soft mouth."

His indecent praise made her entire body feel warm. A thought occurred to her, if Isonei rewarded him for every little thing he did, she could do the same. Draeseth groaned as she leaned to suckle and stroke his cock.

To her surprise, however, he buried his fingers in her hair and lifted her head gently. "I want you over my mouth first, woman."

Hurriedly, Lislora positioned herself much like they had been earlier on their sides, her hips over his head and her head over his cock, returning her attention to it as he laughed in his throat.

For a moment she lost track of what she was doing as he wrapped his arms around her hips and began to suck gently at a particularly sensitive spot. Her hips moved of their own accord and the balls inside her shifted. The feeling of all of it at once was magnificently distracting.

Trying to focus on pleasing him was nearly impossible as he continued and added the touch of his tongue in a slow, continuous movement but she tried. Lislora stroked him in a way she hoped was pleasing but the sounds he kept drawing from her made it nearly impossible to actually suck or do much with the huge cock in front of her. Each time she took it into her mouth to try she ended up moaning and whimpering helplessly around it.

Her thighs were trembling, the muscles felt so tight. Her hips wanted to rock but Draeseth was holding them so that she could only move just enough to make the balls shift. It was quickly becoming delicious agony. At the point she was ready to start begging him to stop holding her still, that wonderful and almost terrifyingly intense sensation of release struck her like an open hand. Her skin felt as if it heated and cooled at once and every muscle tensed and then released into a blissful limpness and a lingering feeling like tingling in her cunny.

Her cousin gently pulled the balls free and she eased herself to the side to lie down.

"It isn't time to rest yet, wife. You haven't given your husband his release." Draeseth was grinning down at her as he turned her partly on her side and pushed his cock inside her unbearably sensitive cunny.

She couldn't help but wail as the feeling of tingling intensified with his thrusts and he stopped, pressed deep inside, with a worried expression. Her body chose that moment to shudder into what felt like another release, contracting around him and making him groan.

His thrusts began again more urgently and it felt as if this new release didn't want to end. She gripped the bedcovers and held them for dear life.

Suddenly her cousin bellowed out his pleasure, pushing impossibly deep inside her and holding himself there as he found his release. It took a moment for her body to stop contracting and releasing around him.

Lislora lay there limp and breathless as her cousin slowly pulled out and came to curl behind her holding her tightly.

"My flower..."

"What did you do cousin? How? I-I don't think I can walk after that."

He began to laugh burying his face in her neck. "You frightened me with the sound you made. I thought I was hurting you."

"It did hurt! It was that horrible feeling just before it becomes-becomes wonderful."

He began to laugh again, this time so hard the bed shook. Despite that, and despite feeling sticky and a little sore, Lislora was having trouble keeping her eyes open. Draeseth kissed her shoulder and made a pleased sound before pulling at the covers on the other side of her and draping them over her. Cuddled close and covered she let herself fall asleep.

°°°°°°°°°°

Lislora washed in the basin with a glance toward the door. She'd been startled awake by her cousin's cursing as he climbed out of bed and he'd barely said a word to her as he dressed hurriedly and stormed out.

He'd been muttering about putting Isonei over his knees, so the woman must have done something. She dearly wanted to call Mes in and find out the gossip but if Krouth were still here she wouldn't get much out of the woman.

Finishing her washing, she dressed in the green gown. Somehow it didn't seem quite as scandalous as the brown one had been. If she let the maid do her hair she would have an excuse to pull her aside... 

She came out of the washing room and looked around for Krouth. The man wasn't immediately visible but Mes was waiting patiently.

"Braid my hair, Mes."

"As the Lady pleases." The pale woman walked with her into the bedroom where Krouth was remaking the bed.

Asking would have to wait until he'd left, but perhaps she could speed his departure. "Draeseth hasn't yet had breakfast, he may wish to eat with me if he has time, Krouth."

"I will have your breakfast readied and enough for his Highness sent as well, in case he does, my Lady," his tone was cooler than usual.

"You're upset that you weren't able to take the Duchess to the Temple this morning?" Lislora asked carefully.

"We went, my Lady. Her Grace was waiting for you both by the King's entrance."

Lislora stopped Mes from working and turned her head to look at the sour servant, "She isn't to leave the palace without Draeseth. The amount of money being offered for her return would tempt a saint!"

"She was attended by myself, Mes, Rimathe, and Master Hodrim. No harm could come to her in the Temple. I believe she's coming to enjoy the outings." He seemed almost smug.

"Draeseth will scold her for doing it."

"He has other things to consider first. She's breakfasting with Kamrus Gillaugrim and the Temple priests in the refectory. I have no doubt the subject of the orphan girl who came to her begging to be adopted will be broached."

She narrowed her eyes and gave him a questioning look as he stopped speaking.

His smile was definitely smug as he inclined his head to her, "His Highness made an innocent comment to her Grace, that she could fill her rooms with children in his absence. He neglected to say they should be his. Her Grace's heart is as open as the arms of Ganas. The girl-"

"Daedi," Mes spoke up helpfully.

"Daedi, will at the very least be found a suitable home to live in, I'm certain, or there may be another child his Highness is expected to adopt."

Lislora pressed her lips together and tried not to laugh. "She'll start her own orphanage."

"I think she'd be a mother to them." Krouth's smug smile softened before his face grew more serious. "She can't be permitted to go to the Temple for prayers without his Highness again, not for safety concerns, but because every orphan in Nemauros will be looking for her, hoping to be greeted as warmly as little Daedi."

"Did you notice she gave the girl her gloves?" Mes spoke up with a wry smile.

Krouth made an exasperated sound. "She'd have given the child the cloak off of her back if they hadn't allowed her Grace to breakfast with the girl."

Shaking her head with amusement, Lislora faced front again so that Mes could finish her hair.

The servant cleared his throat before he left the room. "I placed the... items back in the box, Lady Lislora."

It took her a moment to realize what he was saying and her face darkened with embarrassment.

After he left, Mes whispered, "You did remember to wash them?"

"We washed them before but not after. We fell asleep. Would you please? You know what to do with them."

The maid put on what looked like an imitation of Krouth's most neutral expression but it was clear she wasn't happy with the request. "As the Lady pleases."

Rising from her seat, Lislora followed the woman to the washing room.

"I'll have to learn to do it myself. I don't think I could ask anyone else to clean them for me."

Mes inclined her head slightly and allowed her to watch as she carefully soaped and rinsed the metal balls, paying careful attention to the chains and where they met the balls.

"Silk cords that can be removed and replaced are nicer, my Lady. Prince Draeseth might consider finding some to make it easier on you."

"The expense of the silk cords would bother me. Metal seems practical." Lislora watched as the woman washed them a second time for good measure.

"That is true, my Lady." After drying them carefully, the pale woman set them aside and wiped out the box with a cloth. "I'd scold him for putting them away dirty but he'd turn it around on me somehow. Master Krouth isn't a bad man but he's... difficult."

Lislora allowed herself to laugh, "I agree with you."
