 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there!

*****

Lislora was silent on the walk back to their rooms. Draeseth had murmured an apology, that he'd forgotten about the wretched balls, but she couldn't bring herself to answer.

Once inside their chambers, she went immediately to the washing room to remove the shameful things and possibly vomit. She tossed them into the corner of the room with a clatter and leaned over an empty basin, willing herself not to weep.

Mes came in quietly, "My Lady?"

"I never want to see those again. I may always be a whore in their eyes but I refuse to be made to act like one."

"As the Lady pleases." The pale woman crossed to fetch the balls.

"I require some cold water, as well." Watching the Munian as she gingerly picked up the training balls and put them in the basin, Lislora felt queasy again. 

"Would-"

"You're deliberately trying to make me ill!"

"Should I take them elsewhere to wash them, Lady Lislora?"

She had to fight the urge to strike the woman. "You know that isn't acceptable." 

The woman curtsied but she didn't look repentant.

A horrible thought occurred to her. "Are you trying to torment me?" If the King had commanded it... 

Mes glanced to the closed door. "No. But... how could you think Duchess Isonei would ask that horrible woman for poison? If you doubt her, the priests will doubt her more."

For a moment she'd focused on her own shame and forgotten about the Aran.

"In her place, I might have. I spoke to Draeseth and I no longer suspect it of her."

The maid inclined her head. "I'll fetch water." She paused and put a cloth over the basin before she went back to the door. "If her Grace had wanted to end the pregnancy she would have said something to me, not to Princess Kresh. I would've found a way to help her safely. She never once wished for it to be ended."

Rubbing her eyes, Lislora took a deep breath, "I'd forgotten for a moment that you serve the Duchess and only wait on the rest of us. I'll bear it in mind in the future."

The woman opened the door and vanished through it, leaving Lislora to collect herself. She moved to the window, opening it and leaning on the sill to breathe fresh air. The heat of Penst would be unbearable this year. The weather was unseasonably warm.

"Lislora?" Draeseth spoke quietly from the doorway. "Are you well?"

"No." She covered her face for a moment, "You said-"

He touched her back and she flinched. 

"Draeseth-"

Her cousin swept her up and put her over his shoulder as she'd seen him do with Isonei at the Keep, storming out of the washing room and into the bedroom. He put her on the bed less than gently and then closed the door in Krouth's face, nearly hurling the room's one heavy, comfortable chair at the door a moment after.

She shivered as he turned to look at her, his hands and jaw were clenched in fury but his eyes looked damp.

"Woman, I would never harm you. Not even Isonei flinches from me and Ganas knows I've given her reason to be wary of my temper. You're safe with me."

"You said you wouldn't ask me to be immodest outside of our rooms. It was just something for the bedroom and I wanted to please you." Lislora swallowed the lump trying to from in her throat, "Your father and brothers treated me like a whore and you allowed it. I-"

"They treated Isonei no differently at first," he stepped forward, interrupting her and touching her face, "I grew accustomed to the woman at my side being able to defend herself."

"How can I defend myself when you're parading me around the palace like a-a," her voice cracked, "even your mother wasn't treated that way and everyone knew she was a mistress and would never be a wife!"

His eyes hardened for a moment but then it seemed that something occurred to him and he inclined his head, pulling her up and into a tight embrace.

"I will not ask you to be indecent again. I've been making the same mistakes with both of my wives, asking you to do things I shouldn't. I'll be a better man for you, my flower, a better husband."

Part of her wanted to push him away and keep scolding him but she couldn't keep herself from bursting into tears and clinging to him for a moment. Fortunately, it passed quickly and she caught her breath, stepping back to wipe at her eyes and compose herself.

He ran his hands over her shoulders peering at her grimly, "Isonei behaved much the same way when I promised her that as well. Have I been so terrible?"

Furrowing her brow, Lislora asked, "What did you ask of Isonei?"

Draeseth flushed, "That she not wear small clothes. I wanted nothing between my hands and her finer parts."

Her eyes widened, "She was right to call you wicked and horrible!"

His mouth turned down as if he would be sour but his eyes began to sparkle, "Woman, I have her forgiveness, give me yours."

She folded her arms and gave him a stern look, "We'll both behave properly outside of the bedroom here. It would be too easy for someone to walk into the main room and see things I don't want them to see."

Making a noise of agreement, he broke into a grin, "Remind me to tell you of Isonei scolding Burgath for interrupting us at the table in Leria."

Lifting her eyebrows, she spoke coolly, "And you'll find things to enjoy with me you haven't enjoyed with your other wife. If I have to share you I want something for myself."

He embraced her again and covered her face in kisses, making her want to laugh despite herself. "The balls were something I had not done with Isonei... but I will find something else if you don't wish to use them again. I know you, cousin. The memory of my misbehavior will dampen your pleasure."

With a sigh, she leaned her head against his chest, "We would have to have rules, cousin, and I-I don't want to look at them again while we're in the Thoncur. Perhaps if we agreed that they only see use if we're both in the bedroom at home? You won't try to make me leave the room with them in."

Rubbing her back, he made a pleased sound, "I will agree to that, my flower." Draeseth stepped back with a wry smile, "It would have been an enjoyable game for us both if my father had not intervened."

"You can play games with Isonei when she's well, I want your love and respect, cousin."

He broke into a grin again, "You have them, my Kros Voyeh. I won't even suggest a game of Karisian Assassins."

She eyed him with annoyance, "I understand why she took the opportunity to smack your bottom now."

Draeseth broke into laughter and kissed her head, holding her tightly again. "I want to be a better husband. I love you. I love you both and I've made you both miserable."

It rankled to hear him say he loved Isonei as well, but it was something she needed to get used to. He wasn't going to put the Aran aside and she had to accept that there would always be another Duchess. It might be miserable but if the other Princes entered into the same type of marriage it would become less shameful.

Lislora relaxed against him and took a deep breath. "I want to go home."

"Soon, cousin. The bouts will be held soon and we can go home immediately after, if Isonei is well enough to travel."

"She'll want to go home as badly as I do if Princess Kresh is allowed to speak to her."

"I won't allow that Phaethian murderess near her. Being forced to sit at the table with her will test my hold on my temper. Isonei would murder the woman with a fork whether my father demanded she be polite or not." He smiled faintly, "And I'd be keeping the guards from reaching her."

"I thought you said she was soft-hearted?" Lislora couldn't help but return his smile.

"She is, but the woman can be provoked. You may not think it, but she has a temper like mine beneath that soft manner of hers."

Exhaling with her arms around his waist, she nodded, "Do you think she would be angry if I wanted to keep you to myself just a little longer?"

"No." Dipping his head he offered a slow, gentle kiss that helped to melt away more of her doubts.

°°°°°°°°°°

Lislora moaned softly as her cousin rubbed the backs of her thighs firmly, moving up to her hips. He'd seemed to understand that she needed to be held and made to feel loved after the disastrous meeting with his father. She'd been kissed and slowly undressed, and now he was rubbing her into bliss in a way that had nothing to do with his pleasure.

Still, somehow it stirred her desire as much as it soothed her. Draeseth trailed kisses up her spine and kissed the back of her neck. The feeling of his tunic against her skin as he held himself just over her made her flush.

"The sounds you make are sweeter than honey, my Kros Voyeh." He murmured beneath her ear sending a shiver of pleasure through her.

"Undress and come to bed, my joy." She laughed as he lowered himself on top of her back, still fully dressed, kissing and nipping the back of her neck.

"I would be interrupted. It's nearly time to dress and go to the prayers before dinner."

"It can't be that late already."

Draeseth laughed softly, "You would have been a terrible Sister if you can't keep track of the times for prayer."

"There was no other way to tell the time in the convent!" Her tone was more annoyed than she'd intended and he rolled off of her, laughing.

A knock at the door made him sigh and sit up. "Let me help you dress and then Mes can braid your hair again, my flower."

Reluctantly, Lislora came to sit on the edge of the bed, "I'll need a maid of my own. I don't mind borrowing one from the palace as long as she's competent. That Munian serves Isonei, she was so pleasant that I'd forgotten for a moment."

He made a sound of amusement in his throat as he helped her put her stockings and small clothes on, kissing her thighs before he pulled them up completely.

"I'll have Krouth find a temporary maid to serve you when Isonei returns. He says Mes is quick to learn and loyal-"

"She is, but only to Isonei." Lislora gave him a slightly annoyed look and he grinned.

"The servants in the Kroscur all think highly of you."

"I look forward to going home." Leaning forward she gave him a brief kiss.

Draeseth insistently claimed another, making a pleased sound. "Krouth suggested having a small house built, just to have a separate kitchen for Isonei's foods. It would allow us to have hare and-"

She cut him off with an ecstatic kiss, sending him into a fit of laughter. He rose and pulled her up from the bed, "If you don't finish dressing I may decide to forgo the prayers."

"It can't be so late already." Lislora shook her head but began to put on the rest of her underlayers. "Should I wear one of my plain gowns?"

"No, father may have us fetched directly from praying. I would suggest one of your better gowns."

"You'll need to send Krouth to the smaller rooms for my best dress. It didn't seem right to move any of Isonei's gowns to make more space and it seemed better to have those I'd wear often here."

"I'll send him to fetch the gown and have Mes do your hair while you wait." Draeseth kissed the top of her head before leaving the room.

Mes came in shortly after he left, looking cheerful. "Khildis Ironbender is waiting in the main room, my Lady. He brought the knife you asked for."

"Already?" Lislora looked toward the door in startlement, "I haven't seen it yet! He was meant to send someone to inform me so that I could come back and see it first!"

"He does beautiful work, Lady. You won't have complaints. He's speaking to his Highness now." 

Lislora sat heavily in the chair allowing the still cheerfully chattering maid to put her hair up in braids and pin the cloth into place but not listening to a word about the quality of the smith's work. She fervently hoped he didn't give the knife over, it would ruin the tradition. If nothing else about her marriage was going to be traditional she intended to insist on the small things she could be permitted.

Something the maid said about balls caught her attention. "What?" 

"I wrapped the balls since I couldn't get to the box, my Lady. Master Krouth was a little worried when the door was closed in his face but-"

"The balls can be packed away with my small clothes. His Highness and I discussed the matter, he wants to use them again in the Kroscur. I won't allow it here."

Mes studied her face in the mirror, "I could lose them if you wanted me to."

"I thank you for that, but it isn't necessary. Prince Draeseth will be having Krouth find a maid to serve me when Duchess Isonei returns, you'll be permitted to return to her service."

The Munian curtsied and fell silent. After a moment Krouth hurried in with her best gown and she finished dressing quickly. 

Outside in the main room, Draeseth sat across from the northerner, who at least looked cleaner this time and wore a hood instead of a rag on his head. The man held a leather-wrapped item across his knees. The Torgan Prince was taking back the Aran blade that Isonei had given him.

"It's well-made, and from the eastern side of Ara, I'd guess. In the north, near the Lerian border, I'm told, they have silver mines on that side. The sea there is treacherous and it has to be hauled out on carts, so they train silversmiths and jewelers there to save time and expense.

"The Arans are worse than the Sons about leaving home. You can't get an Aran silversmith to come north, but the jewelry is fine. They used to send it to Karis and Laskaela."

Draeseth made a sound of agreement. "My silver Duchess is from the eastern side, toward the north. Her family is wealthy from lavendela and honey wine."

Khildis made an envious sound, "Aran lavendela! That's wealth in itself!"

Her cousin grinned and then noticed her, "You've met my Torgan wife, my Kros Voyeh."

The northerner rose and offered an awkward bow with an eager smile breaking over his grey face. "My wife wanted to send someone to tell you the knife was ready, but I didn't want to drag you into the city again, Lady."

Lislora tried to offer a smile, "That was thoughtful, but I wanted to see it before he does."

"I wish to see what you commissioned." Draeseth rose and beckoned for her to come to the table. "Father's bursar has been sour with me since you brought back the note."

The Northerner moved to stand on the other side of the table from them, eyeing the glass wreath. "You asked for traditional and serviceable but as fine as the Aran blade, truell?"

"True-truell?" She frowned, "What does that mean? You said it before."

"It means a few things, my Lady," Mes spoke up, stepping toward the table. "Agreed, or I see, or even I pro-" She stopped speaking as Draeseth made a gesture.

"Xago used to say something similar when he was first brought, before his Torgan became better."

"The Sons learned it from us." Khildis inclined his head, unwrapping a black-sheathed blade.

It looked different than she'd imagined, but she could see the sections the woman had drawn in the shop. The dark green stone was slightly mottled with paler shades and the gold looked as if it had been blackened and then etched to show a floral vine design in a bright gold.

The smith pulled it from the sheath showing that the sharp steel blade had an etched and blackened Kros Voyeh below the small guard. When he turned the blade over she could see why the gold had been etched with vines.

The boar of her cousin's sigil was on the other side at the fatter end of the handle, tangled in them, and a bright, unblackened, gold spear up the side pierced it. It looked much more like jewelry than she expected.

Draeseth made a soft sound, "My wives spoil me with rich gifts. This blade should have cost a great deal more."

Khildis grinned broadly, "It cost what she paid, your Highness. If my wife hadn't learned goldsmithing in Phaethia it would have been more."

"That's a man's trade." Lislora picked up the blade to examine it more closely.

"She was owned by a master goldsmith. The man got old and needed help with a few small things, and when she showed a natural talent he trained her to do his labor in secret. They don't teach their apprentices everything they know, but he taught her."

"Because she couldn't take business away from him." Draeseth nodded and held out his hand for the blade. "His apprentice didn't keep her when he died?"

"No. Her master freed her on his death and she sought a place working with a smith as he'd suggested she do. I had to bargain for her to be brought to Torga with me."

Lislora passed the knife to her cousin, who handled it with a growing smile, "This is fine work. I worried it would be too heavy in the back but it feels comfortable."

"I was a master smith in the Isles, your Highness. I only needed to finish the requirements to be seen as one here as well."

"You've proven yourself." Draeseth gave the man a firm nod, "I'll speak for you if it's required."

Krouth cleared his throat, "Will your Highness be attending the prayers?"

"We should be going." He reluctantly handed the knife back to her. "I look forward to you giving it to me properly after dinner, my Duchess."

The grey-skinned smith pushed the sheath toward her. "My wife would enjoy glass flowers to celebrate, where-"

"Xago of Mun made those for my silver Duchess." Draeseth nodded toward Mes, "When we return to the Kroscur I hope to have him teach my cooks how to prepare food that the woman will eat and then go back to making glass. If you help persuade him I'll have him make flowers for your wife as a gift. Mes can take you to speak to him."

"I'll see if I can." Khildis looked at Mes expectantly.

Lislora handed the sheathed knife to Krouth and the man offered a shallow bow, taking it into the bedroom. She then took her cousin's offered arm and accompanied him to the Temple. Dinner might not be anything to look forward to, but giving him the knife would be. She couldn't help but feel a little excited at the prospect despite the fact he'd already seen the blade.

°°°°°°°°°°

Lislora rose from the kneeler feeling cheerful. The prayers had been ones of gratefulness and thanks, of Ganas bringing peace and protection. Before she could speak to her cousin, a priest hurried over.

"Duchess Isonei woke during the prayers!" The man spoke with a quiet urgency. "Halloc Urroth said to fetch you the moment they were done."

Draeseth gave a nod and began to smile, looking relieved, "Show me the way."

He offered his arm and Lislora walked with him in silence. It was good that the woman was awake, but it might have been nice to give him the blade first.

When they arrived at the door, she released his arm and gave him a reassuring smile, "Go in. She'll be glad to see you."

Her cousin kissed her head with a smile and went into the room. The priest waited outside with her. The man looked almost nervous.

"I was told to ask..." He looked at her apologetically, "Did the Duchess ever speak about... she had a great deal of difficulty..." 

She could see he was trying to choose his words carefully.

"About bringing a difficult pregnancy to an early end?" Lislora offered gently. "No. In her place, as ill as she was, I might have been tempted to entertain such thoughts but I never heard her do so. Her maid swore to me that she never did and that if the Duchess had ever suggested such a thing it would have been to her and not to Princess Kresh.

"I believe the woman. She's loyal to Duchess Isonei without a shadow of a doubt. If anyone would be trusted with a confidence like that, it would have been the Munian."

"Has his Highness considered putting her aside now that," the man paused and straightened his brown robe, "there is no further reason to marry her."

"He brought her from Ara and chose the Aran Arrangement because he loves her. That hasn't changed." Lislora felt a cold certainty creeping up her spine. "The Duchess has always been kind to me, I wouldn't harm her any more than I would harm my own sister. She won't be put aside and I have no reason to ask for her to be, we still intend to enter into an Arrangement.
