 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn't supposed to be there!

*****

Lislora couldn't fight a rising apprehension as the prayers went on. Had Isonei woken and been angry with the King? Had the woman's condition gotten worse or had she died? It took a great deal of effort not to fidget and a glance at her grim-faced cousin told her he was entertaining the same thoughts.

The interminable prayers came to a close and she found she didn't even know what they'd been about. As they rose from their knees, Halloc Urroth strode toward them purposefully.

"Your Highness, would Hodrim be permitted to stay and comfort the Duchess? She's woken again and Master Krouth has gotten her onto her feet, but she's distraught. He suggested the boy's presence might help ease her pain."

"Of course!" Lislora answered for him, turning to tell the boy he could go but the child was already in motion, walking more quickly than was proper in the nave.

"I'm surprised to hear that she's on her feet." His Majesty frowned at the Halloc. "She didn't wake when we visited."

"I don't expect her to be awake for long, your Majesty. Truthfully, she was leaning heavily on Master Krouth, but getting her onto her feet will help her recover more quickly. 

"I doubt she'll be well enough to attend the trial-"

"Good," Draeseth spoke up. "My wife would plead for mercy for the slave. The woman is gentle and forgiving to a fault." 

"I would argue that no one should be faulted for their virtues but there must be justice." Halloc Urroth inclined his head.

"Well said." King Orgath offered a faint smile. "I'll give the little Duchess what justice I can."

"Cousin!" Kamrus Gillaugrim approached with a pleased and baffled smile on his face, "I hadn't expected to see you this evening. This is a pleasure."

"Gillaugrim," the King inclined his head, "My father always said it does the people good to see their King come to pray on occasion. Before dispensing grim and public justice is the appropriate time to visit the Temple.

"I'm told your priests have worked miracles in Duchess Isonei's healing?"

"Ganas performs miracles, we simply do our best. It's been said by some that Ganas has a reason for the frail little thing to be alive. Even with all of our skill and care, it's by his will that she's lived."

King Orgath glanced at his sons for a moment, "Will you be joining us for the trial, cousin?"

"If the execution is already planned, it's hardly a trial-"

Waving his hand dismissively, his Majesty cut off the Kamrus. "A public airing of charges and passing of judgment."

"With no one to speak for the woman?"

"She can speak for herself." 

Kamrus Gillaugrim scowled as if he wished to argue but the Queen's approach kept him from doing so.

"The Princesses have been kept up too late this evening. We cannot linger. Perhaps you would join us for lunch, Kamrus?" Her Majesty's quiet words prompted Lislora to glance over to the girls. Both stood bleary-eyed as if they'd fallen asleep during the prayers.

"A gracious invitation, your Majesty." The Kamrus offered a shallow bow, "I would be pleased to join you."

The sound of Kas whining pitifully and being spoken to in a firm quiet tone by Prince Rogath prompted them all to begin moving toward the King's entrance. Once inside the passageway the elder Prince scooped both of his daughters up.

"I'll meet you for breakfast, father." 

"Early. I want to discuss things before the trial begins in the morning." King Orgath smiled faintly at the girls who were already falling asleep again.

Lislora stood next to Draeseth as his brothers took their leave until only the King and Queen remained.

"I wished to ask-"

"She didn't look well." The Queen looked at him almost apologetically as she cut him off. "Your servant said she stirred at times but hadn't fully woken again. He was hopeful that the sound of voices would help her wake."

"She woke during the prayers." His Majesty patted her hand where it rested on her arm. "Perhaps it did.

"I want to begin the trial near dawn so that the execution can be finished and the body taken away before the midmorning prayers. As is traditional."

"Will I have time to attend the early prayers?"

"I would prefer you joined us for an early breakfast and discussion. Send Lady Lislora with the servants instead." The King turned as if to walk away and then turned back with a sly smile, "You won't need to concern yourself with finding a new maid. In contrition for her absence, her Imperial Highness will give you one of her favorites."

Draeseth grinned and offered a shallow bow, "That's very thoughtful of her, father, as long as the woman speaks Torgan."

"I'll see to it she does." 

°°°°°°°°°°

"If they're loyal to her, I don't think I want one of her servants in our rooms." Lislora frowned as she undressed, arguing with her cousin.

"They do what they're told. Mes was one of them once. Father took her from that spiteful wretch in much the same way."

"Mes is only loyal to Isonei!" She gave him an annoyed look.

"If you assure the maid she can work toward her freedom she may become as loyal to you, my Kros Voyeh." Draeseth pulled back the bedcovers. "Krouth can..." He stopped speaking and straightened with a frown. "When Krouth is satisfied that Isonei is well, he can make certain the woman is trustworthy, if that would ease your mind."

"It would." Lislora climbed into bed and her cousin followed curling close against her. "Are you still considering giving him a house?"

"He's more than earned one, but Isonei may be right. I think I would be lost without the man."

"It might take getting used to but if you wanted to give him a house and occasionally ask his opinion on things I think he might be agreeable to that."

He made an amused sound and kissed her shoulder. "I rely on him, I seldom admit it. When he returns from the Temple with word of Isonei's health I'll speak to him."

The way he positioned himself behind her and let his hand move over her hip, Lislora was almost certain he was considering sex. Somehow it didn't seem appealing. It almost felt as if he were thinking of the Aran. Still, it was expected and, a little voice whispered in the back of her mind, if she refused him he'd be in the Aran's bed the moment the woman returned from the Temple.

"Are you tired, my Kros Voyeh?" Draeseth murmured against her skin.

She hesitated and then decided to try to tease him, "A bit, but I do want to be a good wife." Her tone hadn't been quite as playful as she'd intended and he squeezed her.

After a few long moments, he spoke softly, "When I was first with Isonei I was afraid she would leave me if I didn't give her the same pleasure she gave me. She was horrified that I would..." He cleared his throat, "She had to persuade me she was with me because she wished to be.

"Perhaps I should do the same for you."

Taking a deep breath Lislora covered her face, if he wanted to quarrel... "You want to-to have sex because you're thinking of her."

"No, my jealous flower." Her cousin sounded amused, holding her tightly and kissing the back of her neck. "I want to have sex with my wife because I'm in a good mood."

"The only reason you-the only reason we're..." She couldn't bring herself to say the words.

The amused sound he made infuriated her and she kicked his shin with her heel. Draeseth broke into laughter, rolling her forcefully and settling on top of her.

"Woman, don't kick your husband. I should have made certain you ate even though I wasn't hungry. I was a child but I remember when Queen Deventha was carrying Burgath! There were days that father had servants following the woman with trays of food to keep her appeased."

Lislora gave him a withering look, "You think food will make me forget that you only chose to give me the Arrangement when Isonei pressed you and then only because-"

His loud laughter made her want to shake the man. He rolled off of her and rose to open the door, shouting into the darkened main room, "Mes! Go to the kitchens and fetch something for my second Duchess to eat."

"The woman is probably asleep!" She sat up with a scowl.

"She'll wake." Draeseth climbed back onto the bed grinning, "Do you truly think I had to be pressed to take you as my second wife?

"I wasn't pleased with father's plans for either of us and I'd hoped that with time he would relent and allow you to raise our son but Isonei was ready to quarrel over the matter. If she'd quarrel with me, she'd quarrel with father. Standing together we had a better chance of succeeding.

"You give me things she doesn't, woman." He settled on top of her again. "I would have been willing to put her aside and marry you properly if our first time had been more like our second." 

Lislora tried to hold her stern expression but the way he was covering her face in kisses made it difficult.

"If you'd let her have her whoreweed as she'd asked things would have-" She made a loud sound of surprise and disgust as he put his tongue in her ear. "Did you learn that from her? That is a terrible thing to do!"

He kept her from wiggling out from under him with a wicked grin, "She learned it from me. I have two wives to scold me, I must love you both dearly to be able to endure it."

Looking up at him, something in her belly twisted, "If we hadn't gone to bed and I wasn't carrying your son..." 

"You'd have come to Court with us because I rely on you as I do Krouth." His face grew more serious. "I do love you, Lislora. I'm the most fortunate man in Torga to be able to have everything I want and need in two women and to have them both be acknowledged as my wives. One to charm the Court and lighten my mood with her every breath and the other to make my burdens lighter and stand beside me with modesty and pride.

"Isonei was right when she said I was trying to make her more Torgan, more like another woman." He followed the words with a gentle kiss and she felt her anger melting away.

"Tomorrow, I'll wear your knife, my Kros Voyeh." The murmur was enough to ignite the desire that had been lacking and she kissed him urgently.

Draeseth made a pleased sound as he returned it, moving his hand down and pulling her thigh up to wrap her leg around him. Breaking the kiss he moved down, trailing his wonderful biting kisses down her throat to her breasts. The way he pressed his face against them, kissing, nibbling, nuzzling, and sucking on her nipples, gently applying his teeth on occasion had her writhing in pleasure.

The less than generous thought that she had a great deal more for him to enjoy than the Aran did was more titillating than guilt-inducing. When her cousin slipped his hand down to judge her readiness he groaned and began trying to fit his cock in immediately.

"Woman, you enjoy that as much as I do." His words were slightly breathless as he began his slow, powerful movements working himself deeper with each thrust.

"Cousin, mmn Husband!" Lislora had to pause to collect her thoughts. She wanted to be able to speak and not just make helpless noises, "I-I enjoy all of it!"

He made a sound between a groan and a growl, "Grip me, woman. Use that perfect Torgan cunny-" The way he thrust forward was suddenly uncomfortable as if he were too deep and she fought not to whimper, bearing down as he asked.

She almost stopped breathing. Just before she was ready to push him and tell him to stop she felt him throbbing, beginning to still and spill his seed. Draeseth seemed to notice her relief.

"My flower?"

"It... I-I'm sorry I didn't..." 

Easing out of her he began to kiss her face, "You squeezed me so well I couldn't last long enough to give you your release. It wasn't as pleasurable for you?"

Lislora took a breath and swallowed, confessing her discomfort had to be better than enduring that over and over again. "I-It hurt. I-"

Rolling off of her, he sat up with a scowl, "You should have said something!"

"You like that position! I heard you tell your father and brothers about how you wanted-wanted Isonei on her back."

Her cousin's scowl deepened. "She allows it only to the point it becomes uncomfortable for her. I want it more often I don't want her to be in pain! I don't want you to be in pain, either!"

Sitting up angrily as well, she scowled back at him, "Other than telling you to stop, I don't know what to do!"

Draeseth's face softened slightly and he pulled her face close to his, touching their foreheads together. "Let me worry about what to do. I need you to tell me when you don't enjoy it."

"I'll try. It doesn't start out painful and you seem to enjoy it so much..." 

He made a soft displeased sound, "I need to pay more attention to you than to my pleasure. You learn so quickly I forget that you're still-"

A soft knock at the bedroom door made him pause. It opened just a crack. "I put food out on the table," the maid sounded mildly annoyed.

"We'll have something to eat and then sleep, my flower." 

°°°°°°°°°°

Lislora felt almost cheerful when she woke, rinsing in the basin with her husband before they dressed had become a morning ritual she enjoyed and he had more kisses than usual for her this morning.

As they dressed, however, her mood began to sour. She noticed that he'd laid out the Aran knife to wear. Rounding the bed she picked it up, still in just her chemise.

"Cousin? I'll put this back for you and fetch-"

"I want to wear it this morning for the trial. I'll wear yours later." Draeseth pulled on his outer tunic and began tying on his belt.

Holding the knife she took a breath, "That isn't what you promised."

"I didn't promise, I-"

"You said you would wear my knife today, husband! Your other wife might let you break your word but I refuse to allow it." The sharpness of her tone made him take a half step back.

"I will wear yours later, Lislora. You will give me my knife."

"I will fetch your knife." Turning on her heel she gave him a furious look as he lurched forward and grabbed her arm. "Draeseth-"

"I didn't promise, but I do intend to wear your knife after the trial. You're being childish."

"Childish!" His tone, his words, even his face infuriated her, "This is childish!" She threw the knife toward the vanity, "You-"

The sound it made when it hit wasn't right and her stomach dropped as she saw the look on his face.

Draeseth released her arm and went to pick the knife up. He sank to the floor.

"What..." 

"The stone broke," his voice was hoarse.

"No!" Lislora hurried closer to peer over his shoulder. "Ganas be merciful, I didn't mean to break it!"

He looked up at her accusingly and she stepped away, rushing into the closet and bursting into tears. Sometime later her cousin followed her into the closet and sat heavily next to her.

"We're going to be late."

Shaking her head, she shooed him wordlessly toward the door without lifting her head from her arms.

With a sigh, he heaved her into his lap. "Lislora, my jealous flower. I should have been clearer yesterday about wanting to wear hers to the trial. I told you I would wear yours and you expect your husband to do as he says he will.

"But you shouldn't have broken her knife."

Lifting her head slightly she tried to compose herself, "I didn't mean to-to break it!"

"What did you mean to do?" He gave her a stern look, holding her chin in place.

"I-I wanted to make you go pick it up off of the floor." She flushed at her own childishness and to her annoyance, her cousin's lips started to twitch.

"Because I called your behavior childish?"

"You said I was being childish! I wasn't! I wanted to show you what-" Lislora winced, "what childish looked like." 

"Mes says that Ironbender and his wife can repair or replace the stone."

Rubbing her eyes she gave him an annoyed look, "You should send it to a proper jeweler, not a smith and a woman who does some gold work."

"I'll use your allowance to do so." He gave her a faint smile.

"I won't quarrel with that." She gave him an apologetic look, "I am sorry, cousin. I truly didn't mean for that to happen."

Kissing her forehead he made a soft sound, "I know.

"I need you to go to the prayers, my flower. Take Mes with you and keep her close."

Lislora managed to get up off of the floor, her cousin did it more gracefully. He left as she finished dressing and the maid hurriedly braided her hair, pinning the cloth over it slightly unevenly. There was no time to argue, however, they would need to use the servant's exits and it would take longer than using the King's entrance to the Temple.

She felt somewhat out of breath as they arrived, and as she looked, she was horrified to find there were no places toward the front. Her choices were to kneel at the back with the destitute or to leave and hope she hadn't been noticed. Gritting her teeth, she took an available kneeler. It would be a form of penance for breaking the knife.

Mes knelt next to her silently. The prayers and readings this morning were about redemption and forgiveness. The redeeming of Onoliuk by Saint Odhrim and even the children of Krugorim were mentioned. Unlike other mornings, by the time they gave the dismissal she felt a certain sort of peace. It was a feeling she'd lacked for some time.

Instead of leaving immediately, Lislora made her way toward the front hoping to speak to one of the Hallocs. Halloc Aurim looked startled to see her.

"Lady Lislora, I thought..." He glanced around as if searching for Draeseth.

"Prince Draeseth was required to have an early meeting and breakfast with his Majesty. I was unfortunately later than I would have liked to be and had to kneel toward the back this morning." She offered him a rueful smile. "How is Duchess Isonei today? May I see her?"

"I haven't seen her this morning. I was told she clung to the child all night as if he were her own. If she woke for prayers at all, she may be too fragile for a visit."

She nodded with a faint frown. "Word of the trial would probably upset her. It may be best not to mention it to her at all." 

"I agree. Some of the others think she should be taken to attend. Her fragility is sparing her a great deal."

"I'll return later if she's able to endure visitors." 

The Halloc inclined his head before turning to speak to someone else.

With Mes in tow, Lislora lingered looking at some of the paintings by candlelight.

"It is a lovely place," the maid murmured almost tentatively.

"It is." Her stomach growled. "We should return and have breakfast before the trial."

"There is..." the woman sounded hesitant, "a-a place you can eat very affordably not far from here. We wouldn't have to go back to the palace first."

"We'll eat at the palace and then return for the trial. I have no intention of breakfasting in some-" she waved her hand dismissively, "inn, I would assume."

"As the Lady pleases." Mes followed quietly as they made their way back to the servant's entrance.

°°°°°°°°°°

The smell of the people clustered around her made Lislora begin to regret the hearty breakfast she'd eaten. She and the maid had managed to find a place near the scaffold and it was impossible to keep from being jostled.

Foolishly, she'd expected the light rain to keep some people away but it seemed no one in all of Nemauros had decided to stay home. The crowds stretched as far as she could see.

Everyone turned to watch as the open cart carrying the slave in a cage approached. There was a chorus of voices shouting toward the cowering woman, murderess and demon being the most common. As much as she wanted to be furious at the woman, the sight of her, pathetic and afraid, nearly indecent and on display in a cage, turned her stomach with pity instead of rage.

Small stones clinked against the bars as people threw them at the weeping woman. The throwing stopped as the guards scowled and barked threats, not enjoying being hit by stray stones.
