 Notes: 1) If you see this anywhere but Literotica, it isn’t supposed to be there! 2) The break between this chapter and the next will probably be longer than a week but I’ll get it up as soon as possible!

*****

Lislora hurried through her wash and into the fresh gown that was waiting. His Majesty had been clear about not wanting to see her in the dirtied dressed for the meal. Draeseth waited in the main room with the two Princesses and Adareth.

As Ximesra brushed out her hair and put it back into elegant braids, the woman offered a faint smile. “Master Krouth told me you kept the King from trying to make me a mistress again. I thank you, my Lady.”

“He may still ask. His Majesty wasn’t pleased to hear you’d been offered a position with us.”

“I’ll refuse him gently if he does, my Lady. Being one of the King’s women was better than serving Princess Kresh but my position with her Grace feels much more secure.” The maid pinned the cloth in place carefully.

“Be careful, he seemed to be in a mood.”

“I will be, my Lady.” Ximesra dropped a curtsy.

Leaving the bedroom, Lislora smoothed the belly of her bodice. The gown seemed to be a little more snug than it should have been, even in the sleeves. She opened her mouth to greet Prince Adareth but stopped as she saw him holding Ror’s hand as Krouth applied a salve to the marks on her face and neck.

“That should help immensely, your Highness. I used a salve very similar to this in Leria for her Grace.” The servant was using a soothing tone and it seemed odd coming from the man.

“Is it Aran?” Kas asked curiously.

“Aran salves are made with silver, the Lerians prefer herbs as we do.” 

She thought the man smiled at the girl before he took the small container away.

“Ask grandfather for a silver salve! You could sparkle!”

The older girl gave her sister a withering look, “I don’t want to sparkle.”

“If you did, I think your grandfather would be willing to get you something to help.” Adareth grinned at the sour-looking Princess. “He might even let you try on some of the jewelry in his locked collection.”

“I don’t want to, Uncle. I want to talk to mother.” Ror folded her arms, pulling her hand away from him.

“After your father speaks to her, if she’s sorry enough,” Draeseth spoke grimly, “perhaps then. Your safety is more important.”

The red-haired girl looked dejected and Lislora decided to help. “You can write her a letter after lunch. We may all feel better after a meal.”

The Princess gave her a hesitant nod, “That would be acceptable.”

“You can write it here if you wish,” Draeseth gave Lislora an approving look, “Your Aunt Isonei keeps an Aran pen and paper in the study.”

“Does she paint?” Kas came to her feet standing on the sofa.

Her cousin pointed sternly and the girl hopped down with an annoyed frown.

“Not that I’ve seen, but she does draw with pencils at times.”

That seemed to delight the younger Princess who darted into the study as if she’d find the drawings laid out on the desk. Ror followed.

“She draws?” Adareth rose to his feet with a smile.

“She drew pictures in Leria to illustrate a,” he cleared his throat, “few pages of instructions for her inexperienced Daga and his wife.”

The younger Prince began to grin slyly, “How detailed were they?”

“My wife seemed thorough.” The larger Prince’s face flushed. “I learned a few things from glancing over her instructions myself.”

“I want to-”

“I can’t find the drawings!” Kas came back in with a sour expression that made her look like her father.

“I think she left them in Leria.” Draeseth inclined his head. “She can draw something for you when she’s well. 

“We should go see if our cousin, the Kamrus, has arrived for lunch. Have you met him before?” He smiled at them faintly.

“I don’t think they have,” Adareth glanced toward the study and Ror came out holding the Aran pen.

“This looks like grandfather’s.”

“It probably is. He would have lent it to your Aunt because the Torgan quills are peculiar to her. Arans write their own letters.” 

The older Princess looked at the pen with distaste. “I hate ink on my fingers.”

“I think the Aran pens are cleaner.” Lislora came to take the pen away from the girl. “When Duchess Isonei writes she never seems to get any ink on her fingers.”

“But why would she write letters herself when someone else can do it?” Kas asked curiously.

“She insists on it.” Draeseth glanced to Adareth. “Her family knows the way she forms her letters and can tell you if a missive is from her before they see her name, or so I was given to understand.

“Let Krouth put the pen away. We should go.”

°°°°°°°°°°

On the walk, Lislora tried to remind Kas about decorum. The child was occasionally spinning and hopping as they made their way down the halls.

Ror sighed and shook her head as if she were a much older girl, “She knows how to behave, she just doesn’t want to, mother says. I’m the favorite because I act like a true daughter of the Empire.”

Draeseth made an amused sound, “Kas acts like I imagine Isonei did as a child. She learned to charm people to get herself out of trouble.” 

Adareth laughed. “I don’t know if we should encourage her to spend time with Kas or not.”

“Why didn’t she learn not to get into trouble?” Ror asked with a furrowed brow.

“I wonder the same thing.” Lislora gave the girl a smile.

“That would be dull!” Kas piped up hopping ahead and twirling before running back to walk beside Adareth. “When are we having breakfast with you again, Uncle?”

The young Prince grinned down at her, “We may have breakfast with Aunt Isonei when she feels better.”

As the door to the dining room was opened the Kamrus’ voice came to them clearly, “-some responsibility for allowing these Phaethian perversions to taint Torga. And you’re intending to allow the Arans to debase us further with these-” He stopped abruptly as the King made a furious motion with his hand.

“How are the Princesses?” King Orgath glanced at the girls.

“My servant applied a healing salve and Ror wishes to write a letter to her mother after lunch.” Draeseth gave the Kamrus a hard look as he escorted her to the table. “They were curious about the Aran pen Isonei uses, father.”

“It was a gift to me from King Tamnaeuth,” his Majesty smiled as the girls took seats next to him. “I lent it to your Aunt Isonei because the woman writes notes and letters herself. Prince Andnaeuth did the same when he visited. It’s an Aran peculiarity. They prefer not to use scribes.”

Kamrus Gillaugrim smoothed his robe. “It makes the thank you note I received more charming to know she penned it herself.”

“Despite the letter coming from a debased Aran woman like the Duchess?” The King’s tone was almost innocent.

“The woman herself is virtuous. These Arrangements are what will debase us. I pity the woman for not knowing any better but she’s made it clear she sees value in our ways and I believe she’ll be willing to adopt them.” The Kamrus met the King’s gaze unflinchingly as he continued, “I’ve spoken to those who know a little of such things, the Arrangement can be easily dissolved and the Duchess had expressed a desire to become a Sister. It would be in her best-”

“I have no intention of allowing you to dictate to me,” the King leaned forward with an expression so cold that it made Lislora shiver, “the dissolution of my son’s marriage. That woman is valuable outside of her charm and virtue. With all she’s cost me, I’d be a madman to discard her into a convent like a common whore.”

The Kamrus’ face flushed and he lurched out of his seat, “How dare you speak of the Sisters as discarded whores! These are women who have dedicated their lives to Ganas!”

The two Princesses flinched.

Quietly, as the King reminded his cousin whose table he was at in a sharp tone, Lislora spoke to Draeseth, “Can you intervene to make them stop fighting or ask if the Princesses can come sit with me instead?”

It wasn’t quiet enough because both the Kamrus and the King gave her biting looks.

Into the silence, Kas almost wailed, “I don’t want Aunt Isonei sent away!”

“She won’t be, my little jewels!” His Majesty gave the girls a reassuring smile, “As if your grandfather would allow such a thing.”

Ror looked upset as well but she kept quiet.

“I hadn’t meant to upset them.” The Kamrus bowed and took his seat again. “Your Aunt Isonei would make a fine Sellac with some patient teaching.” He glanced at Draeseth, “She acknowledges that the false Aran gods aren’t as kind as Ganas but she insists she loves them and won’t give them up.”

“Arans are loyal. She’s spoken of wanting to add Ganas to her Gods but the thought of putting them aside seems wrong to her. She has a strong grasp of fidelity, not just to me but to her Gods, her Daga, and her King.” Smiling faintly, the Black Prince looked to the King, “She’s fond of you and respects you, father, but before this morning, I would have told you she only bends her knee to Tamnaeuth.”

“When you amend the Arrangement to include Lady Lislora, I want a clause included that your silver jewel must acknowledge me as her King. Holding the title of Duchess should mean I have her fealty.”

“You’ll need her King to grant permission.” Draeseth inclined his head, “I was told in no uncertain terms that a marriage would require him to give his permission and release her from her allegiance so that you could grant her a title and have her swear her loyalty. He said he would only grant it if she asked him upon returning for their festival.”

“Perhaps the letter Burgath is bringing will hold a change of heart.”

The door opened and the Queen entered with Lady Sebba. At his Majesty’s curious frown she offered a cheerful explanation, “Duke Shoban has chosen to return to the Moccur and see to his household in this time of awkward transition, I thought Lady Sebba might enjoy a family meal.”

“Of course, my jewel.”

Lislora saw the look Ror gave her father’s mistress, distrustful and unwelcoming. Lady Sebba, however, offered a sickeningly sweet smile. 

“How are the little things doing? Will they be staying here or... if the Kamrus is here, are you considering sending them to a convent, your Majesty?”

“We’re not whores,” Kas spoke up cheerfully. “You can sit with Uncle Draeseth. Father says he needs to spend more time with plump women.”

His Majesty had covered his face with one hand and the Kamrus looked as if he didn’t know whether to be offended or to laugh. Glancing at her cousin, his face was flushed and he had his eyes narrowed at the girl but his lips were twitching.

“Kas doesn’t need to spend time with Aunt Isonei, she’s already as mischievous,” Adareth mumbled. 

The King began to laugh, wiping his eyes he shook his head, “There is a certain resemblance. Is there Aran in your family my jewel? The little Duchess has pointed out that our Burgath is a great deal like her brothers and little Kas could pass as the woman’s daughter.”

“If she weren’t so small I would suspect she has Torgan in her line.” The Kamrus had begun to smile, “The woman is as stubborn and virtuous as any Duchess or Sellac should be expected to be. And mischief isn’t only an Aran trait. Your mother, as I recall, cousin...”

“Uncle Renaugrim never forgave her for the picnic incident did he?” King Orgath grinned broadly.

“No, father certainly didn’t.” Gillaugrim leaned back in his chair with a faint smile. “But she was a very beautiful woman, and charming.”

“Much like my Queen.” His Majesty inclined his head to the Queen now seated next to him on the opposite side to the Princesses. 

Lady Sebba had remained standing and he glanced at her with amusement, “Sit next to Prince Draeseth and his second Duchess. Prince Rogath won’t be joining us.”

“Why does Uncle Draeseth get two Duchesses?” Kas fidgeted in her seat as the Lady came to sit stiffly on Draeseth’s other side.

“Because Aunt Isonei is Aran.” The King beckoned to a servant. “The men marry more than one woman and the women consider the other wives to be their sisters.”

“The wives also take other husbands.” The Kamrus added coolly. “If you allow part of this travesty to be permitted here the rest may soon follow. Much like the embracing of Phaethian-”

“That’s enough.” King Orgath fixed his cousin with a dangerous look. “No more of this talk in front of the Princesses.”

The meal was brought as Prince Ougath entered the dining room. He glanced at Adareth curiously as he took a seat but refrained from making any inquiries. Aside from the Queen making polite conversation with the Kamrus about the Temple’s efforts to help the ill and less fortunate there was silence for the meal.

When it finally ended, the Princesses followed her and Draeseth back to their rooms. Neither girl looked cheerful.

°°°°°°°°°°

“I’ve finished.” Ror had folded the letter and was eyeing her distrustfully. “But it’s for my mother.”

“You might let your uncle look at it to make certain there aren’t any mistakes.” Lislora gave her a reassuring smile.

“I’ll let father look at it. He says Uncle isn’t good at letters.” The girl’s sour expression was entirely her mother’s. “Where is Kas?”

“She’s sitting with your Uncle Draeseth.”

Leaving the study, the girl stopped and stared at the normally dour Prince who was letting his youngest niece poke him in the arm with a broad grin.

“What are they doing?”

“Playing Open, Closed, and Point, I think.” The sight of him so contented and cheerful playing with his niece made something in her belly flutter. She could imagine watching him play that way with their children.

Draeseth turned, still grinning, “Kas catches on quickly but she tries to cheat, changing the direction she’s pointing when she sees your head move.”

The elder Princess gave him an annoyed look. “I want to speak to father and-”

A brief knock came at the door but before Krouth could answer it Prince Rogath was opening it and stepping inside as if summoned. Ror looked relieved and hurried toward him stopping herself before she embraced him.

“Father! I wrote a letter for mother, and I think my face is better.” She held out the letter and Rogath smiled grimly, bending to scoop her up.

“It does look better, my Imperial topazarite. Your man is good with herbs, brother.”

“He is. I’m fortunate father gave him dispensation to act as a healer within the palace walls.”

Ror whispered something into her father’s ear and he snorted. “We’re with family, rules can be relaxed. I want to hold my girls for a moment.” 

Rogath settled onto the sofa and Kas clambered onto his lap with her sister.

“How was lunch?”

Before Draeseth could give an answer the girls began to chatter, “There was a Kamrus and Uncle Draeseth said he’s a cousin but he’s not very nice.”

“He doesn’t like Phaethians,” Ror added with a frown, “and he wants to put Aunt Isonei in a convent.”

“Grandfather said only whores go to convents and he won’t send Aunt Isonei away. Then Lady Sebba asked if we were going to a convent.” Kas gave Ror a sly smile, “I made grandfather laugh and Lady Sebba sat with Uncle Draeseth.”

The Crown Prince broke into a smile. “Oh?”

“Sebba was acting like her brother.” Draeseth rolled his shoulders back, “Little Kas parroted what father said about whores in convents and then told her to sit next to me because you think I should spend more time with plump women.”

The elder Prince began to laugh and hugged his girls tightly. “Sebba isn’t as bad as Shoban, she’s pleasant company.” His smile faded. “Gillaugrim wants to put your wife in a convent?”

“Father won’t hear of it.” Glancing at the girls, Draeseth switched to an incomprehensible language that might have been the one Rimathe spoke to the Duchess.

His brother’s face set into a scowl. “I’ll speak with them.” He kissed the girls’ heads. “When will Isonei be brought back to the palace?”

“I’ll send Krouth to look in on her and speak to the Hallocs about when she may return. Kamrus Gillaugrim didn’t speak of returning her at all.”

“Kamrus Olauth has been requesting an audience with father. Duchess Shahra has spoken with him. It seems someone gave him a copy of the letter Isonei sent to her father,” he sounded tired and shook his head, “I was subjected to a lecture from the woman about it. He suspects her of being devious and having sent a secret message of some sort hidden in her innocent letter.”

“He was sour that I didn’t force her to come to the Shrine when she first arrived in Torga. Her health was too poor but he suspected her of deliberately trying to avoid the journey.”

“Be careful of the Kamruses, brother, even of Gillaugrim. They’ll try to press you, and father, to have your wife put in a convent and have this Aran Arrangement annulled.”

Her cousin made a displeased sound and Kas tugged on her father’s tunic.

“Can’t grandfather just make them leave?”

“No, my red Torgandine.” Rogath kissed her head. “But we can keep Aunt Isonei away from them once she’s well enough to return.”

“She’s fond of the priests.” Draeseth ran his hand over his face. “And I still want her to be reclaimed.”

“Use my mother’s priests. She selected them for discretion and tolerance.” The eldest Prince came to his feet. “I thank you for looking after my girls. We’ll talk about other matters later.”

The Black Prince rose as well, inclining his head as his brother left. Once the door closed he gave Krouth a frown, “How would he have gotten a copy of her letter?”

“His Majesty required the letter to be read before it was sent, it wouldn’t have been difficult for a scribe to make a copy if one or more of the Kamruses had expressed an interest in the Duchess.” The servant wore a sour expression. “I’ll go see to her Grace.”

“Do. Make it known I want her returned as soon as possible.” 

The servant left promptly and Draeseth came to where she stood and embraced her. 

Lislora rubbed his back and made a soothing sound. “We should ask when we can all go back to the Kroscur. It would be safe there and better for her recovery.”

“Not yet, my flower. Father is in a mood. He’d deny me for spite because I knelt against his command. Isonei will need to be well enough to charm him before I can ask.” 

She pressed her face into his shoulder, “I wish I could-could do what she does...” 

The soft amused sound made her lift her head to see her cousin smiling faintly down at her, “She’d try to teach you if you asked.”

“I don’t think it can be taught, cousin. I try to say the right thing and be pleasant but everything seems to come out wrong. It’s better if I just stay quiet and wait my turn to speak.”

His smile widened, “I’ve always felt the same, but hearing Isonei tell me I’m charming has made me want to speak more.”

“You can be charming, husband. I’ve always thought so. She sees the same things in you that I do.”

He made a pleased sound and kissed her gently, “I’m a more fortunate man than I deserve, may Ganas continue to bless me.” Pressing his face to hers he murmured, “I saw how you looked at me as I played with my niece. Seeing me with children pleases you?”

“I could imagine you with ours so clearly, you’ll be such a good father...” Lislora tried not to laugh as his hands roamed her back and hips pulling her tightly to him.

“I want sons and daughters, woman, enough to fill my Keep.”

“I think four should be enough.”

His growling grunt as he heaved her off of her feet made her mouth drop open.

“I need to bend you over the bed properly and teach you how to ride my cock. By the time I’ve finished, you’ll be willing to give me twenty.”

Unable to contain it, she broke into laughter. “Four from me and perhaps two from Isonei will be plenty! You’ll have to pay to feed and clothe them, your sons will want horses and weapons, your daughters will want dresses, and Isonei’s will need dresses with ribbons-”
