 I was on the verge of my second orgasm of this particular battle when I hit hour twelve. At the sound of the soft beep, I forced my eyes open so I could take in the screen. Most of the picture was taken up with the picture of Stefanie, being held aloft by the Enderman as he pounded into her. There were two smaller screens, one showing a live feed camera of the Enderman dildo fucking my cunt- the other was an x-ray vision of the Enderman fucking Stefanie, which also served as a kind of progress bar. I might be on the verge of my second orgasm, but he was less than a quarter of the way through his laying process.

I groaned as a second set of sparkles caught my eye. Another Enderman had arrived, and was being kept away by Stefanie's trusty domesticated wolfman- but not far enough away that a battle wouldn't trigger once she'd finished with this Enderman. Sim-X Inc had come up with many innovations- saving during a battle was not one of them. 

Well, this was a quandary. I could lose my progress, and therefore the last ingredient I needed for my ender portal, or I could go into overtime. 

I called the wolfman to heel, and the second Enderman enter the chamber. Then I sent the wolfman to guard by the entrance to the chamber tunnel, which was far enough away to prevent any other creatures from triggering battle mode. 

I waited, as the second Enderman drew closer to Stefanie, and there was a soft whirring noise as the second dildo was prepared. 

Here's a tip for anyone who wishes to play Fuckcraft with gangbang mode on: Endermen love to gangbang, and if you can take two or more cocks at a time it will be much easier for you to get their pearls. 

(That's for the Immersion platform, of course. Otherwise, Stefanie is able to take as many as five cocks at a time for your viewing pleasure.)

I moaned as the second dildo, just as thick and square as the first, squeeze its way inside. It was a tight fit: not only did I not have two dildos inside of me, each an inch thick and five inches long, but I was carrying thirty unique eggs/pearls. I gave myself a minute to adjust, and then increased the speed controls. One of the eggs shifted, nestling against my g-spot, and grinding up against it with every thrust, and it wasn't long before I came, squirting so hard that it hit the camera. My eyes slipped shut again, and I let the machine take me higher.

It was something of a disappointment when I felt the two thick splats of the Endermen laying, before I could peak again. I cracked an eye open, watching as the Endermen dissolved into a shower of pink sparks, and the dildos were withdrawn from my cunt. 

They were swiftly replaced with the girdle, which, as I had already crafted the grinder, immediately began to vibrate against my clit. I moaned, clenching around the eggs inside of me- all thirty-one of them, now- and then moaned again as I realized that it wasn't going to be enough, and that I was parched. 

I pulled up Stefanie's inventory, hoping against hope that I was wrong about how many cuts of rotten meat she had left. I was not- but there was a porkchop I had been saving for when her stamina was getting low- in my state, it was easy to decide that she would have to live off of bread for a while longer. 

I blocked Stefanie and the wolfman inside the chamber, then fed him the rotten meat. Hearts began to explode behind his head, and then I directed Stefanie to her knees in front of him. 

As this is a domesticated wolfman, I get to control a lot- how big his cock is (even more control than usual), how hard he fucks, how easily he comes and with what amount of force, and when it came to blowjobs, what kind of 'come' I would be drinking. I set things up so that he began gently spurting strawberry smoothie once the head of the dildo passed my lips, and to stop automatically after ninety seconds.

I was sorely tempted, once my time was up and I had moisture in my mouth again, to make him fuck Stefanie's mouth indefinitely. I'm always tempted- once anything even vaguely cock-shaped enter my mouth, off I float to the land of the inanimate glory hole, and I might very well stay there until the safeties engaged at hour sixteen, uncaring about overtime, my beta-testing, my health, or anything at all. 

Less than a minute after the dildo withdrew, I had a sudden resurgence of awareness of the pulse beating between my legs, how sore and empty and needful my cunt was. 

I fed Stefanie's porkchop to the wolfman, and then had her lie back against the chamber wall. The wolfman's dildo for fucking my vagina was the largest my boss would allow- nine inches long, and two inches thick. I set up a furious pace, and set his orgasm to manual. He would come when I came, two minutes of brutal pounding later, screaming so loudly that the security guards were probably checking the footage. 

I moaned as the dildo removed itself, and then toggled the grinder off. I was already at nearly an hour's overtime- it was time for me to wrap things up. 

I took Stefanie's incubator out of her inventory. Here's another tip, again for the Immersion platform: craft one of these things as soon as possible if you don't want to begin every loading sequence with having all the unique eggs and pearls you have in your inventory inserted into your cunt. 

The girdle dropped away, and I waited as the eggs began dropping out. While in-game, Stefanie was pregnant with eggs and pearls of all kinds of shapes and sizes, the eggs I'd collected were uniform in size and shape- each looked a little like a robin's egg. They slipped from my cunt, one and two and three at a time, and then they stopped.

There was still one inside. I squirmed, clenching and releasing, but the egg refused to drop. I sighed, and then called up the extraction option. 

There was still a small square at the corner of my screen that showed my cunt in all its red, swollen glory, and I watched as the extractor- something that looked not unlike a sea anemone- slipped inside. I squirmed again as it bloomed, searching for the egg, and then sighed as it closed around it and gently drew it out. 

Then I saved, unstrapped myself from the saddle, and wrapped myself in a bathrobe. I was dripping with sweat, cum, lube and the synthetic semen we'd taken to calling drone oil, and I needed a shower. 

-

I was yawning as when I finally returned to my locker- I had been at work for nearly fifteen hours, first a meeting, and then over twelve hours of beta-testing. It was Friday, and I had the weekend off. For a given value of off: though I now paid rent, technically resided in a separate apartment, and no longer kept house for him and his wife, I did still live with my boss. 

So I smiled when I saw that he had sent me an email, saying that he wanted to review my most recent work and discuss a new stage in testing. 

When Mr. Trung hired me, I was desperate to leave Crimea, desperate enough to ignore every warning of being forced into prostitution or slavery or both. He offered me a job through an intermediary, and I was more than willing to chance it. I was willing to embrace it, even, if I meant I got to leave the hellhole my country had become. 

I was not expecting him to be handsome, or kindly, or to be so devoted to his wife, or for me to be so attracted to him. I was not expecting my disappointment to grow as I resigned myself to never having sex with him.

I was not expecting his wife to ask me if I wanted into their bed- but there was little about Mrs. Trung that was expected. I knew that now.

I collected the rest of my things and hurried upstairs to his office. I barely remembered to knock. 

"Who is it?" he called out.

"It's Kseniya, sir," I replied.

"Come in, Miss Fayzulina."

I opened the door, walked inside, and closed it behind me. It was dark in his office, the only light come from the computer Mr. Trung was looking at. He smiled, so widely his eyes nearly disappeared. 

"Ksyusha," he said. "Would you like to make yourself comfortable?"

"Yes, sir," I replied. I leaned my tote bag against the wall, and then took off my jacket. 

"Come here, please," he requested, and I was by his side in an instant, kneeling by his side even as he turned to face me. 

He laughed, not unkindly, and tilted my chin up, rubbing his thumb over my lips.

"Not today, dearheart," he said. "I have to work late, and won't be able to drive you home if I get you into a state."

He pulled me up onto his lap instead, and I saw he was watching security footage from my beta-testing work today. He slipped a second headset over my ears, and I settled against him, feeling the huge bulge of his half-hard dick pressing against my ass, to heat of it practically burning through three layers of clothing. 

"Are you sure you don't want me take care of you?" I asked.

"I'm sure I don't want you to crash," he murmured, kissing the back of my neck. He left his lips there: I could feel his smile when he slipped his fingers under the waistband of my skirt, and found that I had no panties on. 

"Were you going to drive home like this?" he asked. I felt the words more than I heard them. 

"I took them off when I got your message," I confessed.

He laughed as his fingers inched lower, skimming over the smooth skin, and stopping just above my clit. He began to idly trace the pattern I had tattooed there, and we sat and watched the footage of Stefani domesticating a fuma- a futanari puma. Or, more accurately, we watched as the corresponding dildo- eight inches long, curving upwards, and sprouting ridges and bulbs at random intervals- pounded my cunt. 

"You become significantly less coherent after this orgasm," he said mildly. I could feel his teeth against my neck now, as I squirmed, and the footage of me from seven hours earlier showed me cursing a blue streak in Russian as I squirted. "Would you like me to send you the footage, so your after-action report is not missing any details?"

"Yes," I said. I would have agreed to anything at that point. 

"You're going to start leaking onto my trousers soon, aren't you, dearheart?" he asked.

"Yes," I moaned. 

He stopped the video and withdrew his fingers. "As I said, dearheart, not tonight."

I took a few moments, trying to catch my breath, trying to ignore the fact that I could still feel his dick against my ass. I could never understand why he could ignore his arousal so completely, when mine could drive me mad in an instant. 

"I asked you here, because we think that we've gotten anal mode to the point where we need a beta-tester," he said, suddenly sounded the very picture of a boss addressing an employee. I was still on his lap. I could still feel his hardness. "And naturally, I thought of you, Miss Fayzulina."

"I'm honored, sir," I managed. "Would you like me to work the weekend?"

"I wouldn't like you to work the weekend, no," he told me. "But I would ask you to spend your time off preparing to spend the following five days in the observatory."

"For the whole five days, sir?" I asked, as a bolt of pure arousal shot through me. 

"Dr. Inayatullah will be there to monitor you, as will I," he assured me. "We want to take this through a graduate process. First three hours in, and three out, then six in, and six out, then nine, then twelve. Then we would like for you to run it in gangbang mode- both to check whether or not the machine can safely insert two dildos anally, and to insert dildos anally and vaginally."

I stood up. Otherwise I would leak onto his trousers. "And inserting two dildos, both anally and vaginally?"

"If you wish," he replied, smiling his wide smile once more. "As you know, in the console and computer versions of Fuckcraft, Stefanie can take up to five cocks. It is our hope that we might be able to allow a gamer the same pleasure, provided they are willing and able."

"I am, sir," I replied, trying to sound willing and able, rather than about to fall over with lust. 

"I rather thought you might be, Miss Fayzulina," he replied. "You'll be paid double overtime, naturally, and I assure you this will look good on your performance review."

"Thank you, sir," I managed. 

"Well, that will be all, Miss Fayzulina," he said. "Have a very good weekend."

"Thank you, sir," I managed to repeat myself, and then turned to leave. 

I was almost at the door when he called out, softly, no longer professionally, "Ksyusha."

I turned around, hoping he'd changed his mind. 

He had not, but what he asked of me was just as good, of not better.

"Might Tameka and I call on you tomorrow? And might you return the favor on Sunday?"

"Yes," I said. "Yes, I would enjoy that very much."

"Very well then," he replied. "We'll arrive, say, around ten'oclock in the morning?"

"That would be good."

"Then we'll see you then."

I was halfway down the hall when he called out a second time. "Miss Fayzulina! You've forgotten your bag and jacket!"

-

Despite my agitation, I slept the sleep of the dead that night, and rose at nine only because I knew what awaited me was better than any rest. I cleaned myself thoroughly- though laser surgery had removed my need to shave, there were still internal matter to attend to. If I was to spend the weekend preparing to beta-test anal mode, and I was also to spend the weekend in the company of Bao and Tameka Trung, then, logically speaking, my ass needed to be empty and clean. 

It took a long enough time that I didn't have any left over to worry about what I was going to wear. I went with a safe choice: a light blue shirt that matched my eyes and was sheer enough to show off both my nipples and my piercings, and a short, dark blue pleated skirt. I was in the process of braiding my hair back when I heard the key turn in the lock. I finished as quickly as I could, and hurried into the living room, barefoot and underwearless. 

I saw Tameka first, her ebony-dark skin making her leather halter top and long, front slitting skirt look pale by comparison. Just behind her, locking the door behind him, was Bao, his tight-fitting suit straining to contain his broad shoulders, and his rapidly hardening cock. He was carrying a large black suitcase, which I knew held any number of delights. 

"Please," I said. "Make yourself comfortable."

They sat down, side by side on the couch. This time when I knelt down, Bao didn't laugh, but rather began to unbuckle his belt as Tameka untied her skirt. 

When I'd first arrived in this country, I was nineteen, spoke enough English to make myself serviceable, and was fully expecting that 'housekeeper' was slang for prostitute. I wasn't happy about it, but neither was I particularly upset. After five years of civil rest so intense that a war would not be noticed, I knew that it was merely a matter of time before someone decided that 'woman' was slang for prostitute, and with my parents dead and my brother rotting in prison camp I was not inclined to stay.

It would be easier, I thought, coming from a foreigner, coming from someone who was not supposed to be on the same side as I. It would be easier still, if I were sleeping somewhere warm and given enough to eat, though I knew better than to think that was a given. 

In Bao's mind, that was a given, as were my wages. Bao did not touch me. He didn't touch me for a full year, and that was to give me a hug when I received my green card. He didn't touch me sexually until I begged him to. 

I did not beg him to until his wife gave me permission. I didn't receive that permission until the night before my twenty-first birthday. 

I had known none of this when I arrived. I hadn't even known what his business was. I could have never expected my life to take the turns it had, where I did not merely kneel before a man who used my braids as a handle to guide my mouth around his cock, but where I enjoyed it. Nor would I have expected, when he handed my braids off to his wife, and she guided my mouth onto her clit, and guided her clit down my throat until I choked, that I would enjoy that too. 

I would probably have remained an ignorant, sexually frustrated housekeeper, had Tameka had a vagina. She did not: she has what is called a clit, but on a man would have been called a penis, and a large one at that. 

Not as large as Bao's, but at nine inches in length and two inches in diameter, it was large. And it was not the sort of thing that you could fuck with a dildo. Sim-X, at the time, was confined to small, short pornographic games that could be downloaded for $1.99 a pop. Sex toys that responded to game play was a new innovation, and one many people still found a little too weird: the Immersion platform was, commercially speaking, a distant twinkle in Bao's eye. In terms of product development, it was in his basement. I was perhaps three months shy of twenty-one when Bao admitted that he needed a beta-tester to try out the dildos- a woman with a vagina. One who wasn't going to be daunted by the platform, but who knew how to give good feedback. 

For Tameka, the solution was obvious. I'd started beta-testing the Russian language versions of Sim-X's games three months after I'd arrived, waiting for Bao to pounce and do some of the wonderful, terrible things to that were depicted in them to me, and later, locking my door, and using the handle of my hairbrush to aid in my imagination. So I knew how to give proper feedback, and I was infatuated with Bao already. A few nights with him was enough to make anything in Immersion seem tame, especially if I were amenable to Tameka joining in. 

They argued over it. I knew they were arguing, but they stuck to Vietnamese, so I had no idea over what. I didn't know that they were aware of my crush, of my desires, until they sat down with me, and Tameka gave her permission, and asked for mine. 

It was Tameka who took my virginity that night, her clit in my cunt and her fingers wrapped around my breasts as Bao watched. I don't think I'd ever managed to have a proper orgasm before that night, when she wrung four out of me before she was finished, and then pushed me towards her husband.

I turned twenty-one on his cock. I won't say riding it, because he is huge, and until a few hours previous I'd been a virgin, but his cock was inside me when the clock struck midnight. Tameka gave me a kiss, and offered to help press me down. I nodded and her fingers dug into my hips as she guided me down, until there was only three inches of his cock left, and no more room in me. 

I can take his whole cock now, in both my ass and my cunt; surgery, a present for my twenty-fifth birthday- Dr. Inayatullah's work. And I am now a beta-tester for Sim-X, not a housekeeper, and Sim-X makes more money than everyone in my home country put together. 

-

As I have said, I tend to zone out whenever something vaguely cock-shaped is in my mouth. I was quite content, unaware of any discomfort or sensation, to let Tameka hold my head down over her clit until she had the whole thing sheathed inside of me. I would have happily dislocated my jaw and found some way of expanding my throat to accommodate Bao in the same way, had I only known how. I did not: instead, I allowed myself to be directed, first sucking as much of his cock as would fit, then mouthing my way down his shaft and sucking on his balls. Then my mouth returned to Tameka's use, and Bao began to position my legs, to play around with my ass. I felt, dimly, something being inserted into it, but it was a merely blip to the harsh pace Tameka had set up for me. 

I felt it, keenly, when Bao started fucking my pussy. How could I not? When fully hard, his cock is a foot long, and three inches thick. There was no way he could miss my G-spot, and one of his hands found my clit and began rubbing against it as he thrust in and out in time with his wife. 

I came within seconds. My next orgasm was perhaps a minute after that. And then I was floating, aware of the clit fucking my mouth and the dick fucking my cunt, and the presence of something in my ass. And then I was aware only when they came, Tameka spilling down my throat first, followed, some unknown time later, by Bao.
