 Kylarena woke up to the sound of the door of the blacksmith's shop being opened. She was wrapped in the thick blanket that Cvorag had left her, but other than that she was completely naked. Somewhat surprisingly, her ass and pussy didn't ache the way that she thought they would after the ravishment she'd received from the dominant dwarf, but the distinct mixture of pleasure and pain in her nipples was a definite reminder that they'd been pierced as part of her punishment. She shifted slightly, trying to wrap the blanket around herself more fully, but it was difficult with her hands manacled and chained to the iron ring that was set into the stone of the forge.

She could only imagine what a mess she must look like. Her auburn hair that she usually kept pinned up and out of her way hung messily around her face. She felt ashamed that the dwarf had used her so fully, the dwarf having fucked each of her holes, and even worse she had submitted to it, finally begging the dwarf to fuck her. She'd even begged him to fuck her ass.  She was nervous as well, as Cvorag had stated outright that he planned to sell her. Given what the dwarf did to her last night, she doubted that she was going to be sold as a laborer. Still, she was alive and that meant that she still could escape. Even if Cvorag proved too efficient a jailer, there was always the hope that the person who bought her would be less attentive.

"Well, well, what have we here?" she heard a voice say. She looked up to see a young man, still with traces of acne on his cheeks and a bare wisp of a beard on his chin. She recognized him as Trevor, Cvorag's assistant and the one that handled the more standard orders. He was currently smiling like the cat that got the cream. "Don't tell me that someone was actually foolish enough to try and steal from old Ironbeard, were they?"

"Shhh," Kylarena said, seeing that there was a possible way out of her predicament. "Don't wake him up," she said. "That bastard kidnapped me off the street and he... he took me. Right here in the forge. Please, I'm from a good family, and you could get a rich reward if you help me escape. I promise, just don't wake him up."

Trevor walked back to the front door, and dropped the latch ensuring that it was locked. "A good family you say? Why were you out and about unescorted? That's not just not something a girl from a good family does."

Kylarena bowed her head, bit her lower lip. "I snuck out of my house. I was rendezvousing with my lover."

"Oh I see," Trevor said, nodding his head. "Your family does not approve?"

"That's right," Kylarena said, allowing a note of hope creep into her voice. "Please you must help me."

"I'd be risking an awful lot if I do that," Trevor said, leaning against a nearby table. "I let you go, Ironbeard in there is going to know it was me and then I'm out of a job. What do you have to say to that?"

"My family could employ you," Kylarena said. "I'm sure that if such a brave young man helped their eldest daughter, they'd be more than happy to reward you with a job."

"So now it's employment and coin you say," the young man said, his smile growing wider. "What did you say your family name is again?"

"It's Charamand," Kylarena lied. Charamand was a fairly minor noble house that she'd robbed earlier in the month, hence why it sprang to mind so easily.

"I see," the young clerk said. "So your family will reward me with an indeterminate amount of coin and a vague promise of employment if I but help you escape my current employer. Interesting. So what will you offer then in exchange for my assistance?"

"I'm sorry?" Kylarena asked, blinking.

"Well, you've been very fast and loose with your alleged family's rewards, but I can't help but feel as if you're reluctant to offer anything of your own. Surely you must have something?" Trevor candidly appraised the thief, and Kylarena could feel the color rise in her cheeks. She felt she must be at least eight years older than this pup, and hated the fact that he was in a position of power over her. That realization, that she was subservient to this man, sent a more than distracting tingle through her nipples and she bit her cheek to keep from moaning out loud.

"I... I don't have anything to give you," she said, hesitant. "Your master took everything."

Trevor smiled at the thief, and Kylarena's heart dropped. He reached down, gently but firmly pull the blanket from her hand and partially exposing the tops of her breasts. "There are two ways of paying for something, Master Cvorag always said. The first is by an exchange of goods. A customer trades coins for a sword or a milk cow for a new plough. The second is by exchanging services. For example, fixing an axe in exchange for collecting on a debt. Surely there is some service that you can provide that might convince me?"

"You want me to...?" she couldn't bring herself to say it, but she felt the tingling in her breasts intensify as the enchantment in the rings took over.

"You can say it, can't you?" Trevor's smile got even bigger and wider.

Kylarena shook her chains slightly under the blanket. "There's not much I can do like this, is there?"

"Oh, you and I both know that's not true," the young clerk said. He untied his breeches, much to Kylarena's shock. She averted her eyes and felt her cheeks grow hot even as she felt her pussy grow wet. "Now, I believe you were going to offer me something?"

Kylarena sighed and shifted on her knees. That caused the blanket to fall further down her body, revealing her full breasts with their pierced nipples. A fine sheen of sweat covered her body, and she found herself breathing harder than normal. "Would sir like me to suck his cock?" she asked.

"That would be a good start," Trevor said, pushing his breeches the rest of the way down his legs. Kylarena eyed his cock, already half-hard and growing harder every moment. "Well?" he said, shuffling closer to her.

She leaned forward, her hands resting awkwardly on her knees as she took Trevor's cock into her mouth. She already knew that it wasn't going to be as thick or as long as Cvorag's but the simple fact that she felt it getting harder in her mouth turned her on. She worked her tongue slowly around the head before pushing her mouth further on to the shaft. She felt his hands take hold of her hair, pull it back away from her face as she worked her mouth on his cock. She heard him groan as she pulled back, lightly grazing him with her teeth, before pushing back down on him. She went a little too fast, and gagged slightly, but went straight back down anyway. She felt him hit the back of her throat, but she relaxed and swallowed, allowing him to penetrate her even deeper.

"I knew it wasn't your first time," Trevor groaned, his grip on her hair tightening. She could feel him thrusting his hips toward her, fucking her mouth. She held her head still, flicking her tongue back and forth over his cock. Maybe if she made him come quickly she'd be able to get away. A not-so-small part of her however wished that it was her pussy that his dick was violating instead of her mouth. She gave a small gasp and coughed a little when he pulled his dick out of her mouth entirely.

"Liking that aren't you?" Trevor asked. "Little slut like you loves being taken, don't you?"

Kylarena ran her tongue over her lips as she looked up at Trevor with her big green eyes. "Yes, I do sir. Are you going to come in my mouth sir?"

Trevor ran his hard cock around Kylarena's lips, keeping it just out of reach of her mouth. He couldn't believe how hard she was trying to get him back into her hot mouth, even after he forced her to deep throat him. As it was, she made sure to stick her tongue out and lick as much of his cock as she was able to reach. While she did so, he leaned down and cupped her breast, his fingers then finding and pulling on the ring the dwarf had pierced her with just the night before. She gasped with a mixture of pain and pleasure, a gasp that soon turned into a muffled moan as Trevor fed her his cock again. Trevor made her take him all the way down again, and Kylarena once more allowed him to enter her throat when they both heard the deep rumble of a certain dwarf clearing his throat.

"So Trevor, I see you've been making the acquaintance of our newest piece of merchandise?" Cvorag asked. The dwarf carried a satchel under one arm, but was otherwise dressed in the heavy leather apron and functional clothes he typically wore at the forge. 

Trevor quickly pulled back, fumbling as he tried to pull his breeches up and securing them. "M-merchandise Master Cvorag?" he asked.

"That's right," Cvorag said. "Caught the bitch trying to steal from me! As if some two bit tramp could rob Cvorag Ironbeard! I figured I could turn her over to the guard, turn her over to the Guild, or sell her to an interested party." He cast an appraising eye over Kylarena's half-naked form. "I have to admit being a bit surprised to find my clerk's cock down your throat at this early hour." The dwarf grinned. "Those rings doing there trick are they?"

"I-I might have implied that if she gave me a blowjob I'd help her escape," Trevor explained.

Cvorag cocked an eyebrow at his clerk. "Did you now? I do hope you weren't intending on seeing that promise through now, were you?"

Trevor shook his head rather vigorously. "No, no of course not. Though she claimed to be just a noble whom you'd grabbed off the streets."

Cvorag smiled, revealing his hard flat, iron grey teeth. "Did she? Ha! She's about as noble as my right ball. She does have a quick tongue on her, in more ways than one, I'll give her credit for that." He looked over at Kylarena. "I didn't say you could cover up, did I? Drop that blanket."

Kylarena hastily did as she was told,  her full breasts once more exposed to the open air and she felt her face flush once again. She still felt hot and wet, her nipples and clit aching for attention. She shifted her legs back and forth, squeezing her thighs together as she thought about what Cvorag had done to her last night, what he might still do to her. Much to her chagrin, a not so small part of her yearned for it.

"Don't tell me you've gone soft now," Cvorag chuckled. "You better finish him off girl," he said. "Otherwise he'll be even more useless than usual, what with thinking about your mouth and all."

Kylarena surprised herself by purring happily and grabbing for Trevor, pulling him back toward her, causing him to stumble slightly. She quickly yanked his pants back down and sucked his semi-hard member back into her mouth. She moaned happily around his cock, the exhilarating feeling in her nipples only increasing the faster and deeper that she took it. She felt Trevor's hands in her hair, heard him curse and moan as she worked her mouth, her tongue, her lips on his dick. She reached a hand up, gently cupped his balls and massaged them as he pumped his cock back and forth into her mouth. She obliged by keeping her head still, letting him fuck her mouth at the pace he wanted. She felt his balls tighten up, and then he was cumming, exploding deep into her mouth, filling it with his thick, salty load. She swallowed desperately, wanting to take all of it, but it came too hard and fast for her, and some of it dripped out of her mouth, down on to her breasts.

Finally Trevor pulled his cock out of her mouth with a sigh, and she ran her fingers around her mouth and across her breasts, scooping his cum up and into her mouth. Her biggest regret was that she hadn't reached her own orgasm yet. She wondered if Cvorag would take her now.

"Get dressed boy," Cvorag grumbled. "I'm expecting company this morning, and the last thing they're going to want to see is your skinny little prick waving in the breeze."

"C-company?" Trevor stammered, hoisting his trousers back over his rapidly deflating cock.

"Isn't that what I just said?" Cvorag grumbled. "What, do you have granite between your ears? You didn't think we'd be keeping her, did you?" he said, pointing at Kylarena.

The thief blushed and looked down. Part of her desperately wanted to pull the blanket back up over her breasts, but she knew that Cvorag hadn't given her permission and she didn't want to test what the consequences might be. Her head felt all fuzzy, as if her head was stuffed with wool. She was having a hard time thinking clearly. She knew that she wanted cock though, and she didn't really care how she got it. She felt a bitter pang of disappointment when it became apparent that the dwarf wasn't going to fuck her, and she wished that she'd offered Trevor something other than her mouth for his help.

"I really didn't know," Trevor said.

"Oh. Right," Cvorag said, running his hand over his bald head. "I guess it has been a while since anyone's tried stealing from me. Almost five years or so, I reckon."

Cvorag laughed and shook his head ruefully. "So yes, quite a while. Used to happen a lot back when I first opened the shop. Then word started to spread. Men who tried to break in I usually turned over to the guard or the Guild. Women," he leered at Kylarena, "I usually fucked first and either let go or sold. I started out as a slaver you know," he said. "Magic collars, enchanted bracelets and the like. There's a large demand for you upworlders Down Below, especially women." The dwarf shrugged. "Somewhere along the line I made the transition from a slaver disguised as a smith to a smith who occasionally engaged in a bit of slavery. I'd almost forgotten what it's like to watch someone break as you fuck them, to feel their mind slowly crack," he said, tossing an evil leer at Kylarena's direction. "Thanks for reminding me."

Trevor shifted nervously, and Cvorag caught him eyeing the door. "Oh, lighten up there, Trevor, I'm not going to do anything to you. Still, like I said, I am expecting a bit of company and it would be best if you were both on your best behavior, understand me?"

"Yes sir," they both replied, then looked at each other.

"Good," Cvorag smiled. He tossed the satchel at Kylarena who barely managed to catch it. "Get dressed," he said. "I need to talk to the boy here."

Kylarena stood up and stepped out of the blanket that she had slept in the night before. She moved around the forge as much as the chain that bound her allowed, soon locating a cloth and water. She cleaned herself up as best as she could, shivering at the chill of the water, then looked into the satchel. Despite the degradation that she'd already been subject too, she found herself blushing as she considered what it was that Cvorag expected her to wear.

First there was the small black leather top that did little more than push her not inconsiderable bust up and out. There was so little material to it that her nipples were barely covered and a substantial part of her areola could clearly be seen. Her nipple piercings pressed against the material readily apparent to anyone who cared to look. It was complemented by a pair of leather panties that were high cut up on her leg and left a substantial part of her ass exposed. Rounding out the ensemble was a pair of black leather ankle boots with a wicked heel on them. Kylarena thought that she'd be lucky not to stumble while walking any faster than a walk, and she knew that she'd have to affect quite a strut to walk in them effectively. She combed her fingers through her sex tangled hair, trying to get the majority of the knots out. She looked around for anything that she could use to put it up, but settled for letting her hair settle just past her shoulders.

"Mmmhhmm," Cvorag hummed. "Doesn't she look good enough to fuck?" he asked his apprentice as they reentered the forge. "Of course that was true before she put any clothes on too."

Before Trevor could respond, there was the sound of horses just outside of the shop, along with the distinct sound of a carriage's wheels trundling over the cobblestones outside. There was a slow, heavy pounding on the door, as if someone was striking it with a hammer.

"Ahh, that would be the buyer now," Cvorag said, the dwarf's face lighting up with a huge smile. "Oh, don't look so glum Trevor. At least you got your dick sucked this morning. When was the last time that happened? No, don't answer that question, I don't want to know. But please, open the door."

The first figure through the door was simply the largest person that Kylarena had ever seen. It was impossible to tell how tall he was as he stooped low so that his cowled head would not bump against the ceiling. His wide shoulders were proportional to his height, making the forge suddenly seem very cramped. When he pushed back the cowl of his hood, she took an involuntary step backward and gasped in fear. The squashed, lowered brow and jutting tusks marked the figure as an ogre, a brutish creature if ever there was one. His very presence went against the laws of the city under pain of death. The second figure was but a shadow of the first, slight and built like a fencer- all long limbs and grace. When that figure lowered its hood to reveal an obsidian complexion and ears that came to knife points, Kylarena felt the fear gripping her upon seeing the ogre burst forth into full-blown panic. Dark elves were infamous for their casual sadism and vile practices, and slavery was a well-known and integral part to their society. A large cudgel was looped through the ogre's rope belt, and she noted the dagger in the dark elf's belt.

"Cvorag, old friend, how are you?" the dark elf asked.

"Avathexis, you rogue," Cvorag said, coming forward and clasping the dark elf's hand in his own. "I've been well, though it has certainly been too long, hasn't it?" he asked.

The dark elf nodded, though his eyes were fixed on Kylarena. "Indeed it has. I take it this is the girl you sent the message about?"

Cvorag snorted. "You don't see any other girls about do you?" he asked.

Avathexis smiled. "No, I suppose not. I can assume that she is not a virgin?"

Cvorag grinned. "Not in any conventional sense of the term," he admitted.

The dark elf nodded. "Not that it matters, for my purposes, but it is good to know these things in advance." He approached Kylarena, and the thief could not help but notice how graceful he was, how supple his movements, and even more importantly, the aura of danger that seemed to surround him like a heavy cloak, threatening to choke off the very air she breathed. He reached out a hand, brushed it across her breasts. She gasped as his fingers found her nipples, caressed them through the thin leather of her top.

"Receptive, isn't she?" Avathexis commented.

"Err, well, I may have something to do with that," Cvorag admitted.

Avathexis arched an eyebrow at the dwarven smith. "The collar?" he asked.

"Nope," Cvorag said, coming around and palming one of Kylarena's breasts. The dwarf's large hand couldn't completely close around her heavy tit, but it did manage to press right on the piercing. Kylarena arched her back and pressed her breast harder into his hand, a throaty moan escaping her lips as she was groped. "I've altered the enchantment a bit since last time. Nipple rings seemed more appropriate."

The dark elf laughed. "And is that the only place she was pierced?" he asked.

Cvorag brushed the hair away from Kylarena's ears, showing the small golden loops there. "She's had her ears done, but that wasn't by me. Her tits are the only thing I did." The dwarf tugged down Kylarena's top down off of her breasts, revealing her puffy, pierced nipples. The thief found herself getting uncomfortably aroused by the forced exposure, but decided that it was going to happen if she fought back or not. She decided to bide her time, instead.

"She's definitely attractive enough," Athavexis said. He flicked his finger against one of the nipple rings, causing a mixture of pain and pleasure to shoot through Kylarena's body. "How well does she perform?"
