 Lance had always wanted to go to the moon and when he signed up for the environmental experiment, he hoped that the moon was among them. After running through the basics he wondered why he had to take his clothes off as he disrobed and touched the screen. The door opened and he walked through to the options room. A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use. 

He scanned ahead to M and was disappointed that it said Mountain, and that it was a reddish gray anyhow. He glanced to his left and saw that the next door was L: Lunar, with trepidation he touched the door. The neutral voice intoned, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

Lance heard the door swish behind him and it took a few instants for him to take in the replication of the moon's surface. He took a step and laughed as they had adjusted the gravity so he moved further than he intended. He jumped, enjoying the feel of being able to almost float. The ground seemed to disappear beneath him as he jumped around. There was no end in sight to his new playground and he spent more time amazed at the detail of the ground. 

Laura watched him from a distant smiling at the young man's antics. She was glad she blended into the landscape with the great make up job they had done. She even had an interesting cover story if she were spotted. 

Lance eventually tired of jumping, especially as the air was quite thin, and he was panting as he walked across the dusty ground. He looked back to see his mess of footprints and wondered if he could find the original astronauts footprints. The landscape seemed to move in front of him as he walked. It took a while for him to realize that it was a humanoid form moving along. He stopped watching the form shift and settle down to watch him. 

He began moving toward it, slowly and at last minute made a leap sideways and tackled it. It was surprisingly soft, and he could detect gray eyes blinking up at him. He realized he was naked on top of it, and slowly pulled back. He kept one hand on it, feeling its body. Lance wondered what it was as it silently let him grope her. It was female, he figured by the two soft mounds on it's chest and the lack of protrusion between her legs. 

She said nothing, in order to appear as alien as possible she was not to speak until spoken to. Laura felt odd as his hands explored her, feeling her body responding to the firm touch of his warm fingers. 

He was speechless as he noticed it’s nipples hardening, it took a while for his eyes to adjust but now he could see clearly where she was. He took a deep breath unaware of his body's response as he looked into her impossibly soft gray eyes. 

He opened his mouth to speak and found himself unable to form words as he felt her shift beneath him, her legs parting. Lance found himself in the middle of his most bizarre, erotic, fantasy and not knowing what to do.

Laura felt the blood pulsing in her body and couldn't recall the last time she'd felt as safe and sexy all at the same time underneath a naked stranger. He had this odd innocent look on his face as she parted her legs and wordlessly invited him in. She reached her hands up to run over his smooth chest. She could feel the heft of his dick against her belly. 

He wondered if the air was getting to him and any second he'd find that he was lying on dust. Until then he planned on enjoying the pliable body underneath him. Lance let his fingers caress down between her legs. He kept his eyes locked on hers as her body greeted him with warmth and wetness. He felt out of place and time, unable to believe how responsive this creature was. He glanced down for an instant surprised at how stiff he already was. His eyes got lost in hers as he felt her fingers stroke him. The air had to be getting to him, or the gravity affecting him somehow as his fingers strummed along what he assumed was her clit. 

She blinked as his fingers caressed her clit, feeling tremors spread through her body. Her lips parted in an unuttered moan as her body grew hot and her hips rose as passion crashed through her body. Laura took a deep breath as she guided him into her, letting the tip rest at her entrance, needing him to provide the thrust to enter her, for him to want it as much as she did.

Lance was staring into her eyes as they opened, watching her hazy lust filled expression. He felt her soft slender fingers guide him to her and he saw her need as he pressed into her hot slick body. She was tight and responsive underneath him and he found himself wishing to never leave.

She found herself craving his touch as she licked her lips. Her body moving with his in an dance older than time itself.

He noticed her tongue dart out and his mouth descended. Her lips were sweet he thought as he found it completely comfortable to keep his eyes open. She was watching him right back as time stretched out and the lowered gravity led to an uniquely orgasmic experience. His mouth left hers as he yawned, needing oxygen. He swore he had just blinked but when he woke up he was lying on his back alone in the lunar landscape. His hand ran along his chest wondering what had happened. He looked down and noticed his cock was covered in fine gray dust. He stood up slowly wondered what sick twisted thing he had done in his sleep. 

He looked around seeing a clearly marked door and moved towards it with a leap in his step. After opening the door he felt the gravity return to normal as he walked over to his clothing. He felt a little embarrassed as he tried to brush the dust off his semi hard dick. It was tough to remove as it seemed to be clinging to wetness. He flushed as he figured it was probably his own cum and dressed quickly. 

"Thank you for participating. Your physical responses have been recorded. When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey." He was startled by the computer's neutral voice. He walked over to the screen and touched it. 'Did you enjoy the experience?' There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.' He selected, 'I want to do it again.' It had been worth it he thought, especially the dream hallucination part.

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?' The choices were yes, no, and maybe. He decided yes.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for her to type her response. Lance wondered how to articulate his experience and not sound like a pervert. Then again they had been monitoring the entire time, so they knew what he had done. He eventually compromised and typed, "The realism."

"I see that you enjoyed your experience," the computer voice intoned. "If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed to you. She also enjoyed the experience."

Lance was confused, she, environmental inhabitant? "What do you mean?"

"Unable to identify answer, please say yes or no." 

"Sure, I mean yes," he finally said still confused. He watched a door open and a woman walk through. He blinked a few times as his eyes scanned over her, she looked familiar. 

"Hello," Laura voice was timid as she approached him.

Her soft gray eyes drew him in and he was wordless as he realized that perhaps he hadn't been dreaming. "Hello," his voice squeaked unnaturally high as he managed to get the one word out.

"My name is Laura, and I've been studying the landscape of the moon my entire life. I helped design the environment and I was thrilled to be able to help test it. I never expected to interact with you."

He found the blush appealing as he stammered, "My name is Lance Armstrong." His hand stretched out to touch her face, it was surprisingly not gray. In fact it was an creamy yellow color, and her hair was ebony black. Then he noticed how large her gray eyes were and he was wordless once again.

"Dinner?" she whispered before their lips met in a tender kiss. "I'll take that as a yes," she whispered and they were unable to take their eyes off each other. Only peripherally aware of where they were going.