 The grassland must have been a forest in times long gone. Here and there, mostly in the floors of the valleys between the hills, groves of ancient trees still persisted, great and dark. Some time before noon they arrived at one larger than any before it, sprawling across its entire valley, several miles across. They rode through it, in motley leafshade and tranquil birdsong, among the thick and moss-covered trunks, until they arrived at a wide brook which nourished these woods, which flowed through their heart. 

Their horses were winded. They'd made good pace since leaving Behem. It was now time to rest. 

Off the road by the brook was a large and sunny meadow. Aerin unsaddled the horses, placed the saddles under one of the old trees, and went to the stream. He splashed cool water on his face and sighed with satisfaction. Gabrielle massaged her legs. Her dress, having brushed by so many field flowers, was no longer a spotless white; she now had a garment of many colours. 

She rummaged about the saddlebags and produced an apple. She sat down at the tree and bit on it, watching Aerin intently. 

They hadn't slept that night at all, and yet they were alert and felt fully awake. They were silent, but they were both thinking the same thing. For the first time ever they were alone, one on one, with time to spare, and no bars between them, and no people to interrupt them. Their bodies urged for one another. The wanting, dilating, yearning, throbbing. And they both knew that the other felt that too; and they both knew that the other knew; like an image in two mirrors standing face to face, this mutual desire, this mutual knowing, reflected infinitely in their minds, self-reinforcing, cheerful, irrepressible. 

He slowly pulled off his boots and let the stream wash over his feet. He turned and saw her watch him, dark blue eyes in intense gaze. A smile brightened up his face. 

"What?" he asked. 

"Nothing." She bit her lip. 

"Pass me an apple, will you." 

Instead of getting a new one, she tossed him the one she had half-eaten. He caught it neatly with one hand, congratulating himself on making that look cool. He took a bite, putting his lips where hers had just been. 

He'd savour the anticipation some more, but this was quickly becoming torturous. His cock was hard and seeping precum into his underwear, and his whole lower back ached for her body, heavy dull excitement demanding to be expressed. He finished the apple, threw the core into the water, and stood up. The ten or so steps he had to make towards her were the longest walk he ever had to take. He hoped he still looked cool and casual, but he was aware he was blushing like a complete idiot. She was unimaginably gorgeous, soft curves, messy dress, flowing blond hair and all. 

She smiled and rose up. Her insides were preyed upon by monstrous butterflies. She still made him shy, she saw, his pale eyes contrasting with his blush. Damn. Could that guy be any more adorable? 

He stopped right in front of her. He looked right into her. Face to face, front to front, eye to eye. Infinite reflection. If lust could burn, this whole forest would be cinders. 

She lifted up one corner of her lips. "You want something, boy?" she asked. 

He put his hands flat on the tree, on both sides of her head. Though there was still no physical contact between them, the nape of her neck tingled, as if her nerves were caught in a delightful magnetic current that radiated from him; it travelled down her spine, and her knees weakened. If these hands aren't all over me in a minute, then I swear, I'm gonna die of thirst right here by a river. 

"There is something, yeah." 

"Yeah?" She couldn't keep a straight face, but at least she kept her voice level. "What do you want?" 

His fingers twitched on the tree trunk. How best to put it? Blatantly, I guess. "I want to watch your naked body squirm under mine. I want to watch you lose control. I want to hear your voice break. I want to hear you moan out my name again," he said. 

The current surged. She grabbed his vest and pulled him close, very close. His hair was in her face, his breath on her mouth. She saw herself reflected in his pupils. She licked her teeth. "Moan out your name?" she said, placing her hand on his cheek. "Well then. Make me." 

Some fumbling, pushing, pulling and unclasping ensued, and finally they managed to get themselves down to their underwear, and were now kissing with her back pressed to the tree and her hands frantically tracing her favourite muscles of his smooth lean body. She eventually came to rest them on his chest, and pushed him gently away at an arm's length. 

"Fuck, that was a long wait," she said, running her hands down, by his abs, to his pants, which she pulled down to his thighs with one sharp motion. His cock shot up, finally free, firm and ready. 

"Think how long it was for me, in that dungeon." 

She kneeled down and lifted his cock by the head. "At least you had this thing to play with all day. I was locked in with the monks, listening to them talk, all while thinking of this." She tapped her finger between his balls, soft, springy. "Drooling, thinking of doing this," she kissed the underside of his cock at the base, then again, an inch higher, and again. He was so hard under her lips, that solid pipe running from balls to the head protruding out throughout the length of his shaft, two long dimples along its sides. She traced one of the dimples with the tip of her tongue, slowly, deliberately. She felt his pulse in her hand. 

He rode out the wave of sheer delight, her licking him where he felt most naked. "You think you had it bad, then? I had to deal with being locked up, and with waiting for an interrogation, and, worst of all, with a terrifying girl that was mean, kept calling me names, and chained me down to places!" 

She looked up at him. "Those moans of yours were from being terrified, then?" She kissed away his precum, rested her lips right at the tip of his cock, and smiled. There it was again, her playful, mocking smile, which made him fall for her so awfully bad. At this moment he not only saw it, but felt it too -- with the tip of his cock, which was now hidden in the moist warmth of the inside of her upper lip, sensing the tiniest movement of her mouth with agonising intensity. She may have been on her knees before him, but she had him at her mercy. Ah! You can't keep getting away with this, evil queen! 

"You know what?" he said, taking his cock out of her mouth and kneeling down too, "I think I need to teach you a lesson." 

"You do?" 

"Yes." He laid his hand delicately on her chin. "I think I'm going to tie you down and fuck you while you can't do anything about it, and we'll see how you like it then." 

Her mind dislodged itself and raged around in her skull like a loose firework. Yes. Yes! Tie me down, make me defenceless against you, take me hard, unleash your body on mine, fuck me to tiny pieces you absolute stunner of a boy! 

"Are you now," she said, a little hoarsely. 

He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her down to the sunny moss. The tree sprouted a thick exposed root behind her, rising in an arch over ground. He pulled her unresisting hands over her head and held her wrists to the root. He reached and grabbed from his saddle a long leather cord. She bit her lip when the leather bound her, hard, digging into her skin. He tied the knot like he meant it. She tried to move her hands, but they were fixed securely. 

This accomplished, he loosened and threw away the cloth band over her chest, exposing her naked breasts; he then pulled off her underwear, and sat at her ankles, and looked all over her. 

Naked, helpless on her back, and tied up, she lost absolutely nothing of her royal lustre. She looked him straight in the eyes, with the same cheeky, derisive smile, as if challenging him. Alright, boy, you got me where you want me. Now, what are you going to do to me? 

"Comfortable down there, are we, Princess?" 

She shifted her back in the sensuously soft moss, contrasting with the sharp, acute arousal raging inside her. "How can I be? I've been captured by my enemy, who's going to have his way with me! Cruel fucking fates!" 

"Yeah. Honestly, you're in trouble now." He ran his fingers up her right shin and stopped at her knee, scabbed where she had grazed it against the bars. "Oh no," he muttered. "Blue blood is leaking." His touch stung on the still fresh chafe. 

"Your fault, by the way. If you did a worse job licking me, I'd have noticed that asshole sooner." 

He smiled. "I guess that's right. Sorry, knee." He kissed her where she was bruised, and then his lips travelled upwards, through the inside of her leg, where her skin got warmer, softer, more delicate; she started breathing more heavily as he made a very thorough job of kissing every inch of the pit of her inner thigh. When he was done, he kissed her pussy, just once, and then slid forward on his knees, placing them inside her thighs. He wiped the thin thread of glistening liquid off his chin with the back of his hand, and rested the base of his cock on her clit. 

"I like the way you taste when you're turned on," he said. 

"Will you stop talking and put that thing in me?" 

He shifted his hips a bit, rubbing her clit with his erection. He was dying to do just that. Just a bit more. 

"You want it that bad, ah?" He jabbed her lightly with his fingers on both sides of her body, at the waistline, prompting from her a little jolt. "Bet you really wish you were in control right now..." His palms moved upwards over her ribs, propelled by his fingers tip-topping leg-like on her naked skin, reached her breasts, and grabbed at them, sinking softly into the flesh. "...but you're not," he finished, and shot her a bright shameless grin, which would have been disarming had her arms not already been put out of action. 

She bared her teeth and under his hands he felt her chest rise and fall to her panting breath, erratic with desire and stifled laughter. "Aerin, you're the worst," she managed. "You're the worst and letting you do this was such a bad idea!" 

He moved his hands around her breasts and played with them, squeezing, letting go, caressing along the curves. She made some quiet gasps and arched herself upwards, to catch more of his touch. "You only need to say one word and I'll untie you. But you won't, you know why?" His index fingers glid over to her nipples, and circled her areolas. "Fuck! Aah," she said, jolting again, closing her eyes. Her pussy was dribbling all over his balls. "You won't do it because you want to surrender to me. You want it really, really bad." She felt him take her erect nipples between his fingers and his thumbs, give a little roll, and then a little pinch. Current, surge, jolt. "Aw fuck! Worst! Mhm! Mhm. Worst, worst, gods, mhm, worstworstworstworstworst..." 

He watched her react with growing delight. He was really getting on her nerves now. Nerves, yeah. He'd find all her most sensitive ones, and play them, make them sing, build up her pleasure until... 

His thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the appearance of an inquisitive horse, which had come over unnoticed and now leaned its head down right in front of him and over the prone girl to investigate the outlandish human proceedings currently taking place. 

"Mate, no, not right now!" Aerin said, pushing it back by the muzzle. Gabrielle opened her eyes and broke out in laughter. The horse snorted, turned around and stepped back several paces, sometimes glancing back at them with increasing scepticism. 

Aerin put his hands on Gabrielle's hips. What was he doing, then? The girl was still laughing, and it made her stomach flex, and her breasts jiggle. Most beautiful sound, most beautiful sight. Breeze caressed his naked skin, cool on his cock where it was coated with precum. His self-control plummeted. He wanted her. He needed her, now. 

Her laughter trailed off when he leaned down to her, put his hand on her cheek, put his forehead to hers. 

"Alright," he said. The head of his cock slid down, and rested by her opening. "Alright, I'm gonna give you what you want." He now rested his lower lip on hers, and looked her deep in the eyes. "Because I really..." a little push forward, his tip plugging her, "...really..." his head pressing in up to its ridge; gasp into his mouth, eyes lost in eyes; arms jerking instinctively to grab him, but held fast by the leather; "...really like you." Smile. Smile. Push, in. Eyes closed, kiss. His tongue on hers, in her mouth, past her teeth. Elsewhere, in the middle, inches of hard Kontarian cock sliding in, filling, stuffing, widening, expansion, exploration, excitement. Two voices vibrating at once. 

They broke off the kiss. She threw her head back, closed her eyes, and wrapped her legs around his back, focusing on the sensation, again, finally, of him inside of her. He rested his cheekbone on hers, and gave a short laugh, out of sheer joy of being inside her; putting his dick where it rightfully belonged was so liberating, and the warmth of her body, her wetness, her grip, seemed to envelop his entire being. 

He gave her a peck on the jaw and raised his upper body again, kneeling erect over her, freeing his hands from supporting his weight. For the first few thrusts he just held her by the hips, relishing in her body; but there was even more fun to be had. 

His left hand slid over to her underbelly, where his fingers could feel her muscles as they flexed and unflexed, and with his thumb he could lurk around and over her clit. His right hand wandered over to her midriff, and he tried to find out where was it that she was most ticklish. Judging by how she flexed, writhed and twisted, the best spot was the dimple to the side of her abs, just below her ribcage. He kept picking at it, over her protests and dodges, with one hand, then with both hands at both sides, and now her whole body was squirming and bending, and he began to lose himself. 

He grabbed her forcefully by the ribs and pushed her down hard into the moss, and pushed into her with strong, heavy thrusts. He felt her lungs empty under his hands as she let out a long, high-pitched sigh. She opened her eyes to look at him. 

He really looked like he was losing control. His hair fell over his eyes, drops of sweat were trickling down his skin, and all his muscles were tense, chest expanding and contracting rapidly, abs rising in columns along his lean stomach, and descending in a V along his hips, to his pubic mound, and all of this growing from in between her legs, where his cock was pushing her open, advancing and retreating. His body was simply glorious, and all its raw energy was focused on her, on her only... 

Between them, a rapid rhythm emerged. Their breathing grew vocal in their throats, sighs and moans rising freely over the sound of the brook. A gloss of sweat covered them both, and breeze skimmed on skin. Minutes flickered on and dissolved, all time lost but the present moment. Pleasure mounted, thrust by thrust, the head of his cock smothered by her inner walls, her clit under his thumb, silky slick liquid little gliding flowing and lighting up the absolute deepest cores of their bodies... 

He felt he was about to come. He needed to come, badly, right inside her. But not yet, not yet! He'd forgotten himself. The girl hasn't yet been teased enough! 

He slipped out of her, again resting his cock on her clit, breathing heavily in gasping moans, fighting down his orgasm. 

"Aerin, put it back in right now!" 

He blinked and wiped the sweat away from his forehead. He tried to bring his breathing back under control. 

"Ask me nicely," he said. He rubbed her clit gently with his shaft. His penis was coated in clear liquid, and throbbing achingly in the air. 

She jerked her hands angrily in their binds. "Please, please put your cock back inside me!" 

His breathing evened more or less, though his racing heart never even considered slowing down. He tapped at her sternum with his index finger, then traced the winding groove which started there and went all the way to her navel. 

"You're so cute when you're polite," he said. 

"I'm always polite! Now I'm warning you..." 

"You're not always polite. You called me names, remember...?" Suddenly, a wicked grin appeared on his face, lopsided, dimpling his right cheek. She looked at the glint in his eye, and at the array of teeth, and saw that he was up to no good, and a fresh wave of arousal buoyed up her mind. 

"Tell me you're my dirty little slut," he said. 

Ah, fuck! She shakily laughed out loud. "Boy, don't push your luck!" That shameless, gorgeous bastard! Not so shy now. 

"Suit yourself. I'm not going back in until I hear the truth." He shifted his body, straightening out his legs behind him and transferring his weight to his thighs, leaning close to her. He brought his face to her chest and started sucking at her nipple, his hands gently and slowly tracing down her ticklish sides, his cock pulsing in wait against her clit... 

This was absolutely, completely unbearable. 

"Alright fine, I'm your dirty little slut! I'm your submissive loyal girl! Now take me you fuck or I swear, I'll, aaahhh..." 

Her threat died out as he re-entered her, thrusting hard, his finger picking at her clit, his mouth at her nipple. She felt her whole body tingle. She was almost there. "That's right, take me, take me hard, I'm all yours, I'm your girl..." He must have kicked open some floodgates in her brain. Her consciousness demanded that she stop airing out all the embarrassing things welling up from underneath her mind for him and the horses to hear, but it was like trying to stop a roaring waterfall with your bare hands. His lips moved up to her collarbones, his free hand diving in her hair to rest on top of her head. "Fuck me Aerin, fuck me, make me, all yours..." She lost all coherence. She was there. She gasped for air one last time before her oncoming orgasm.  

With one quick movement, he yanked her hair and pulled her head back and kissed her on her throat. 

Her nervous system went into a raging anarchy. She screamed his name, on top of her voice; she arched her back and almost threw him off; her legs kicked out uncontrolled, ripping up tufts of moss into the air; her fingers curled and twisted and the muscles of her arms contracted, and the leather cord groaned sharply under pressure. 

He felt her scream, the vibrations directly on his lips. He held onto her as her whole body rocked. Her pussy closed around him with frenzied contractions. Oh, thank the gods. He couldn't have held out for much longer. There was no stopping now. He could fall freely. He adored this girl so, so much. 

"Gabrielle..." he moaned. He felt like he was collapsing into her, a wave of pleasure hurling him inside her, and he buried his forehead between her neck and collarbone as his muscles came free from his control, gave up with a shudder, and let him squirt his seed into her. 

She still vocalized the first few breaths after her orgasm. Her body, abandoned by the mind, held on absurdly contorted and unsure what to do. Finally, she swallowed, loosened all her muscles, let herself fall back on the moss, and opened her eyes. 

Foliage was swaying gently overhead. She heard it, though her ears were ringing. She was fairly sure she still had all her limbs. His body was resting heavy on hers. Her wrists were stinging. 

A moment or two passed. 

"Aerin?" 

"Hm?" 

"Will you untie me now?" 

He only reacted after a while. He sat up languidly and fiddled with the knot, succeeding at about his third try. Free at long last, she sat up by him and rubbed at her chafed skin. 

"Thank you," she said. She wriggled her fingers for a bit. Then she folded them into a fist and punched him on the chest with the outside of her palm. 
