 Chapter-1: No Good Deed...

Cira the Slip (thief, extraordinaire), had a job to do:

If Master-Constable Traxis would have been into tall, leggy blondes, it would have been Selk (the tattooed barbarian) with a mouthful of his cock right now. But no such luck. He was into Dwarves and Halflings, so the sacrifice fell to her.

The usual stereotype was that Human men into short-ones lacked in the nether-region, as it made there endowment look even more endowed, but this was not the case with Traxis—she had seen Half-Orcs with smaller meat-clubs. And she wondered, when it came time to let him slide it into her tiny pussy, how she was gonna take it. Furthermore, she prayed he didn't have a penchant for the "back-door." As it was, the tiny thief had to fuck him raw, and hope that he fell asleep quickly.

Cira was just shy of four feet tall. Just about average height for a Halfling female, but she had huge boobs for her small frame which made her seduction of the constable a bit more fundamental. With her curly, brunette tresses, and big, brown eyes she was quite attractive, and she easily caught the eye of her mark. She figured that such an important man would be suspicious of any female—Halfling, or not—that was eager to repair to the bed-chamber with him. But, evidently, he wasn't that bright.

There were, of course, security measures in place in case things went wrong. The rest of her comrades watched through a Mirror of Viewing, while Kerryllon (their Elf-wizard) stood-by with a teleportation spell at the ready. But the hope was that nothing would go wrong, and Cira would get the magic key they needed, and they would be gone with the loot before Traxis (or anyone else, for that matter) knew that they had gotten a small fortune in ill-gotten revenue.

The key wasn't exactly a key, and it didn't really go to any lock in the mundane sense of the word. It was more of a talisman that activated a portal to an underground vault. The vault had no access from the surface, and its location was unknown even to those who used it. The only one that did know its location was the wizard who designed the entire system, and he was an unsolved mystery. No one even knew his name, nor has anyone ever met him in person—not even the those that have contracted him in the past. Transactions were handled by the wizard's familiars, or his masked apprentices. Either way, his vaults were considered impregnable, and that's what they were out to disprove.

It would be quite the feather-in-the-cap of this company to defeat one of this mysterious wizard's security systems, and the jobs would start lining-up once word got out. And no more of this small-time, muscle work. It would be top-shelf, high-yield contracts from-here-on-out! But this was provided that Cira could get the talisman.

None-the-less, poor little Cira was gobbling down a hunk of man-meat that was considered extra-large even for humans. And, she knew the time would come when he would want more than her mouth. Evidently, that time was now...

Traxis pulled her away from him, and tossed her on his modest bed. Even though the rooms of the inn were nothing extravagant, the plain, straw-stuffed mattress cushioned her landing quite comfortably.

He spit in his hand as he moved between her short legs, and began to stroked the natural lubricant over the length of his considerable shaft. Evidently, he was not one to stand on ceremony, nor consider the pleasures of his bed-mate. It was all about him and his pleasures, and the Halfling lass was about to take it in an abrupt manner.

The constable pressed his bulbous crown against her tiny slit, and began to push. She felt as if she was being split in half as his huge prick started to slip into her taut hole.

"By-the-gods," Cira exclaimed, as she grimaced, and her eyes rolled back in her head, "a little slower, please!"

"Take it, ya' little whore," he shot back, almost agrily, and she considered grabbing the first heavy object she could lay her hands on, and conking him on the head. But this would make their job harder. The whole idea was that he would fall asleep after, and wake to find her gone. Just like any other untoward, salacious encounter, he would not be suspicious until the next time he went to retrieve the talisman. Consequently, brute force, while an option, would put the rush on their operation, and thereby make things more complicated. So, Cira had to endeavor to take this moron's abuses.

She could only take about half his length, and his girth made her feel like she was being torn apart, but she also found that she was starting to enjoy the pain. And by the time she felt an orgasm stirring within her loins, she prayed to the gods that he wasn't just a pump-and-a-squirt kind of man, and she would at least get one good climax out of this mission.

Cira wasn't that lucky.

Only a few seconds had passed before Traxis had pulled his giant, throbbing member from her abused snatch, and started hosing her down with an impossible amount of his seed. It covered her tummy, tits, face, and hair, when all was said-and-done. Needless to say, the little thief was unsatisfied with his performance, but the desired effect was in motion.

He was breathing heavily, and his eyes were already drooping, when he laid out on the bed. And all Cira had to do was wait for the fool to fall-off. It did not take long before he was snoring. But Cira, just in spite of her comrades (which she knew were still watching) decided to finish what the constable started as she grabbed a candle from its holder, dowsed it, and began to prod at her already abused opening with the tapered base.

The tallow phallus was as long as her forearm, and nearly as thick as her wrist. But still, it was smaller than the monstrous meat that Traxis had. Consequently, it slid into her sopping depths with relative ease. She salaciously moaned at the filling sensation, and began to work the hard cylinder to-and-fro as she stared defiantly at the wall that was shared by her comrades, knowing they could see her lascivious play. It was obvious to the four in the other room that this was Cira's little way of getting back at them for making her endure Master-Constable Traxis.

It only took a few minutes for the little Halfing to explode in orgasm. Her bed-mate did stir a little, but only responded with a snort, and turn onto his side, resuming his boisterous snores. After Cira the Slip got dressed, and quickly found the talisman in his satchel. And holding it up for the others to see, she left the room, and the sleeping constable to wonder what happened.

***

Nora Bane was the leader of their little company. She was not only a skilled warrior, but she was also a natural leader. She had a good mind for strategy and tactics, and could formulate a plan on-the-spot. She had spent a few years as a soldier among the various mercenary companies that were hired during times of war, and there was always some kind of war, somewhere in their land. However, she was but one of a handful of females in a male-dominated profession, and advancement in-the-ranks was hindered by her gender. So she decided to form her own company, but not for war.

The primary requirement for her company was that one had to be of the fairer-sex. Currently, there was a total of four under her command: 

The barbarian, Selk, was tall, blonde, and as tough as they come. She was the go-to gal when it came to busting heads. Then, there was the Most-Reverend Lia Lunde, a Cleric of the Temple of Danu (Goddess of the Moon). Next was their Elf-wizard, Kerryllon. And, of course, there was their thief, Cira the Slip. All-in-all, Nora had everything she needed to operated effectively. If they lacked anything, it was a good tracker and ranger, but they continued to be on the lookout for a woman of the forest that was an expert with a bow. 

Yet, at the moment, they really didn't need a ranger. This wasn't an outdoor job. This mission was mainly in taverns, inns, various state buildings, and then finally the Royal Palace itself. There was a lot of undercover work involved. In fact, Nora had got a job as a chambermaid just to learn the layout, and the whereabouts of the room that contained the magic portal that led to the underground vault.

While this job didn't require an expert archer or tracker, it wasn't exactly the type of job that she had in mind either. She didn't see her company as expert burglars that committed crimes for profit, but this one was for a good cause.

It was about a month ago that they were passing through a rural farm village some 20-leagues west, where they fell upon this contract. The village alderman had approached them, and told them that the royal sheriff had been padding the taxes, and that they had been over-paying, and that they simply wanted their money back. But, of course, it wasn't that simple. He also wanted them to gather the evidence necessary to prove the larceny on the part of the sheriff.

Over the course of their investigation, they found that the sheriff, and Master-Constable Traxis, were working together, and splitting the profits from their fraud. So, if they could obtain the master-ledger from the vault (along with the money), and compare it to the sheriff's ledger, the two would be up to their necks in an Orcish latrine. But first, they had to get into the vault.

It was only a matter of waiting for the sentry to nod-off. 

It was well past midnight when they finally made it to the door to the portal. Making it into the palace, and to said door, was mainly the efforts of Kerryllon and Cira. While Cira got them past the locked doors, Kerryllon maintained a spell that kept them both invisible and silent. Although it took a massive amount of concentration, she was up to the task. But, unfortunately, once they got to the vault on the other side of the portal, she would be drained, and essentially useless. Most likely, after this little mission, she would need a good week's rest to recuperate from this night.

Moments later, Cira had her picks out, and was working on the final lock that stood in their way. And in a few minutes, they would be in the vault. Things were going smoothly—almost too smoothly for Cira's liking. 

Being of a suspicious nature (which most thieves are considering their chosen vocation), Cira the Slip always got a bit on-edge when things were going exactly according to plan. She was a firm believer that most plans start to fail when they were first enacted, and it was all down the privy-hole from there. While Traxis (and his colossal truncheon) wasn't exactly a part of the plan, it seemed to be the only bump-in-the-road, and a minor one, at that. All little Cira knew was that the hair on the back of her neck was on-end, and there was something unexpected on the horizon, but she couldn't quite see it.

The five adventurers had made it inside the vault, but found something (or someone, rather) that they had not counted on:

A tall figure, shrouded in a black cloak and cowl, stood before them. The hood disguised his face, but Nora had no problem discerning what it was. Her immediate thought was that his arcane security-systems were in fact impregnable, but more obviously, she knew they had been set-up. Images of spending the rest of her life in a prison colony, or dungeon, ran through her mind. The idea made her skin crawl. 

"Well-met, ladies," the figure exclaimed, interrupting Nora's prophecies of gloom-and-doom, "I knew you could do it. But you did have a little help, as I made sure you would not run into any unforeseen impediments."

"What," Selk queried, thoroughly befuddled. She wasn't, after all, the sharpest sword in the armory. But Cira, on-the-other-hand, was neither surprised, nor confused. She could see this coming—although she didn't know the particulars. 

"What's the meaning of this," Nora asked, forcefully, and more to the point.

"Patience, Mistress Bane," he said, condescendingly, "all will be revealed in due time. But, first, let us retire to more amiable surroundings."

Nora recognized the casting of the teleportation spell, and the next, they were all seated around a large banquet table that was fully stacked with food and drink.

"Ah, that's better," the mysterious wizard said. "Please, you are my guests... so eat, drink... and I will explain all."

Selk was the first to dig-in, grabbing an entire pitcher of wine, and a whole leg of roast mutton. She had the appetite of a starving Ogre, and was a little light on table-manners. But, after a few moments of looking at each other, the rest decided to join their barbarian sister-in-arms, and listen to what the wizard had to say. And once he saw that his guest had made themselves comfortable, he knew it was time to level with them.

"Truthfully," the wizard began, "I have been looking for a special company of agents to work for me, and this contract that you had was your test, or your interview—if you will... While my retainers did provide a few minor nudges along the way, know that it was your combined skill that defeated one of my magic vaults.

"Rest assured, that the village that hired you is completely fine, and in no trouble. In fact, the story of the crooked sheriff, and the evidence implicating the constable as the sheriff's conspirator, was of my fabrication. And the alderman that hired you, my agent of course.

"I can further assure you that the compensation for your services will be more than generous."

"You speak as if we have already accepted, master-wizard," Nora broke in, indignantly.

"As I see it," the wizard answered, "you have no choice: we either discuss the terms of our contract, or we return to the vault, and my agent in the royal court reports your activities. Right now, no one is the wiser. Upon your acceptance the talisman will find its way back into the master-constable's possession, and all the locks that you picked will be reset before the morning watch."

With the wizard's words, they all looked up at each other fearfully.

"I don't mean to play rough, ladies, but your services are desperately needed. And as I said, and let me say again, your services will be generously compensated.

"Now," he continued, as if moving to a different topic, "I'd like you to meet the latest member of you team.

*****

***Thanks for reading! This is the opening story of my "Dungeons & Shaggins" world of high-fantasy, adventure, and, of course, lots of ribaldry! I hope you enjoyed!