 Ohkay, things happen, he pulled off his shoes in the bedroom, a normal thing, but he may have been overly tired... one shoe went flying into the mirror ... 'Crackle. . Pop', it broke into a thousand pieces.

"Sorry, Hon, go and get another one", he said.

The Mirror wasn't such a big deal...standing alone from the rest of the bedroom suite. Was about 5'6" tall, a Cheval Type, adjustable for angles soas could get an 'overall view' of oneself before meeting the onslaught of daily workin' stares.

Friday afternoon . . . the local Auction Room, 'The Shed' as it was known...looking for a replacement...spent all week at the local Shops and Mirror suppliers...jeeze!!! , . . . The cost of replacement! Insurance..(Yes.Tried first. But I had to pay and they will re-emburse me, maybe, depending upon liability, they said)!!... so . .I am not a liar . .plus premiums would probably go up next year to 'Compensate' for 'Their Loss'!!.

The auction room was packed . .with people bidding for what I considered was over-priced junk. All done, the room cleared . .I wandered around amongst the dust and dirt of the rear shed...a ray of setting sun glanced against something.. blinding me for a moment.. clearing my eyes the sun had now placed a ray of light onto the ground at my feet.. and was slowly moving towards the rear of the shed.. being a woman, curiosity got the better of me!, I followed it.. coming to rest upon a very dusty encased piece of . .Furniture?, before leaping into the sky..lost amongst the evening twilight.

The 'Furniture', upon closer inspection was about 6 foot tall by 18" wide, a panel?, of sorts, with wide base and obviously a swivel..along the side were . . ornate handles, curvatures of odd design and obviously very old. A Tarpaulin covered the front of it.                            

Upon lifting a corner of the tarp I saw what was indeed a mirror, a full - length one at that, just what I was seeking!!. Coughing with the dust I pulled the tarp off.. the mirror surface had a thick grimy coating on its surface, using a tissue I wiped off a corner and knew I just had to have it.. the glassed surface shone like a jewel. 

I approached the Trader and made enquires. the man was not too helpful, 

complaining that he had to move a lot of old and dusty furniture to 'dig it out', besides, the last person down there from memory, he said, had been his departed father, many years ago. I looked back at the mirror in the distance.. it seemed to have an aura around it, distinguishing itself from the nearby dusty furniture. Rashly I negotiated to give him a few dollars extra for the trouble of loading and shipping it to my home. Reluctantly he agreed, requiring time to deliver. The overall final price being what I would have paid for one 'as new'. But the compulsion to own the mirror overtook my usual sensible attitude.

It actually took about five phone calls and a week before the mirror arrived, the two men who lifted it to the bedroom hadn't even bothered to clean it, as it was still in the same grimy condition as when I first espied it, the tarp still in place. Paying them off I placed newspaper around its base and removed the tarp. Looking at last through the grime I could just see the image of myself, blurry and fuzzy. The framing of the mirror was even more ornate than at my first inspection, the wood, smooth and polished, and reminded me of a man's thigh to the touch.. musculey, a firmness, but yet a softness about it. 

I eagerly set about removing the grime, starting at the top with a household window cleaner. .I cleaned enough to finally get to see into it .. looking . .and reeled back with shock!! . .the image was not me!! . .it was somebody else!!.

I backed away . .soas not to see the image, my mind reeling, and feeling giddy, trying to comprehend what I saw, the common - sense in me telling me that it was impossible!! ..steeling myself, I walked up to it from an angle and placed my hand to the cleared spot, and looked at the image . .I reeled again . .the image was my hand alright, the wedding ring in the image proved that, but the hand was slim, dainty, flawless!! . .I turned my hand over, the image did the same, the reflection still showing an absolutely perfect hand, feeling bolder, I thrust out my arm, covered in grime and dust. The arm in the image was also covered in grime and dust, but the arm was long, slender and perfect!! . . .. Amazed I went to the kitchen and made a strong cup - of - tea, reflecting upon this transformation that the mirror image could give. 

'Was the whole of the mirror like that', I thought.. Trembling slightly at the absurdity of it 'supposing it was, then what. . Would I see a perfect? . 'Me'?

Now I'm not a raving beauty, by any means, but am considered. . Well. . Attractive, after all, I am married and had my fair share of Boyfriends prior to being married!!, and like any other female, takes pride in her appearance and dresses, well . .to the best of what one can afford, though I must admit that some outfits fit the bottom bit better than the top!!, sizes being what they are!!. I looked at my arms and hands . .ohkay, they had had their fair share of the weekly washing, ironing and gardening, with the usual 'dishpan' look and scratches, but all -in - all were, to me anyway!, in a pretty good condition considering my age, and what I spent on conditioners to prove it!.

Feeling slightly silly and fortified by the tea I went up to the bedroom, looking in at the mirror. It was at an angle to the door, and I couldn't see my reflection. The part I had cleaned seemed to have a pale bluish glow to it, jewel -like. Steeling myself, and trying to avoid looking into it, I furiously removed, scraped and cleaned its whole surface, revealing finally its surface. Avoiding looking into it again I lined it up with the bedroom door, it being far heavier than one would imagine to move, and putting my back to it left the bedroom for the kitchen, making myself yet another strong cup -of -tea.

'Now what', I says to myself, 'after all, it is a mirror, which I wanted to replace the one that was broken, 'why the problem of looking into it, after all, that's what it is for'! Washing my hands I self -consciously tidied my hair and put on a bit of lippy, smiling inwardly, ah! women!! . I nervously laughed out loud, which uplifted me went to the bedroom door.

I peeked around the doorjamb, and yes!, could see me!!..I giggled at the sheer stupidness of what I was doing, creeping around my own home!! . .I stepped into the doorway of the room and looked at the mirror...

I was stunned, my mind going completely blank at the image I saw, trying to 

Comprehend and co - ordinate the reflection into coherent sanity!!. The woman 'in there' was absolutely lovely!!!, her eyes were as wide as a young deer, her perfectly proportioned body could be easily imagined under the old jeans and white shirt she was wearing, her hair had come straight out of the hairdressers, soo perfect... her, 

'OOOh', she yelped, and moved!!... 

"But that's what I just said" . .I stammered out loud, taking a step backwards, and so did the image!!. I turned and ran back to the kitchen, trembling all over.. I wished for once in my life that I could light a cigarette, or something, anything, to control my nerves. I thought of phoning my friend up the road, but to say what?..that I have a mirror which . .umm . .it just doesn't happen!, but was it me? I looked at my faded jeans and grubby white shirt, the same as what the image was wearing. .the silliest thoughts entering my head but having some reasoning, 'just suppose it WAS me!, after all, it is a mirror for chrissake!, but suppose it had some, umm . .yeah . .well . ."Special" power to reflect. .what?????. My mind was a turmoil, and I was beginning to feel slightly scared. I made another cup of strong tea, wishing that there was something in the house a bit stronger!, calming myself enough to knowing that I would have to face the mirror again, after all, it was in my bedroom!

Again I peeked around the door, the image peeked back,! . .I waved . .the image waved back!! .. I stuck a leg out into the doorway. . and looked at amazement at the image!! . .

Now I haven't got a bad pair of legs, in fact, I'm quite proud of them and can, if I have to, wear a mini with the best of them and make a good showing, but the image in the mirror left us all for dead!! . The Jean clad leg was obviously very long, slender and very shapely! in fact, I was quite jealous!!, but then sanity grabbed me and I realised that I was looking at MY leg!!. I wiggled my toes, my feet being bare, cute slender toes wiggled back!! . .I giggled and did it again . .feeling braver I stood in front of the doorway and . .I fell in love!! . .with her/me!!.

The reflection/image of me, even though from a distance, was absolutely 

Breathtaking!!. She/me was lovely. .ooh soo perfect . . Poised. . Serene.and, from this distance could see a slightly stupid look on her perfect face that looked out of place. I took a few faltering steps towards the mirror, stumbling a bit. The reflection did likewise, and looked utterly out of place with her sheer beauty. I blushed.

"Sorry", I said out loud. The reflection did likewise; her face even more entrancing with the rose coloured blush around her cheeks. . I laughed out loud, the sheer tension of the past few moments seeming to lift and leave me.

"You're me". . I stupidly said to the mirror, wagging my finger at 'her'! "You're my reflection. .I don't know how it's done, but I like it"!

Confidence being taken in by talking to myself was making me bolder, perhaps 

Braver! I started to gabble nonsense to myself as I walked up and down in front of the mirror, admiring the smoothness of her walk and the way she held herself, her body under the jeans and shirt very obvious in its ability to strain and stress the fabrics. . A thought occurred to me. . Wonder if. . Well. . What DO I look like under the clothes?

I was shaking all over now at the thought. I went to a corner of the bedroom and removed my jeans and shirt. My bra had seen better day's, and was a 'working' one. My thong had also seen it's fair share of washing and didn't quite 'hang' right on my hips. I crept up to the mirror and, standing about three feet to one side, slowly walked forward, stopped, and turned my head to look at the reflection.

"Jeezus . .You are beautiful", I gasped to the image, and 'she' was indeed!

Even standing in bare feet her legs were long and slim, the curvature of her thighs to her waist just perfect, being slightly rounded in front, to her waistline, only a flat tummy showed, as flat as a washboard, her body curved up to breasts that were heaving against the bra, trying to achieve their natural shape of defying gravity itself, her swan neck supporting a perfectly framed face against long hair, her long slender arms hanging loosely against her sides. Shyly, I loosened the bra, my breasts, upon being freed, instantly jutting out, I took off the bra, revealing the pinkest of nipples pointing to the sky. Gasping with the wondrous apparition, being completely mesmerised, I turned to face the mirror full on. .I felt sexual sensual sensations rising all over my body, as I looked, a desire, a wanting, of this woman who was there, but not. I couldn't help myself, I just had to see, I removed my thong, the reflection carrying out this simple task with the grace of a swan, a ballet dancer, each movement a showing of lithe limbs, this simple act being akin to a skilled stripper.. I giggled at the movements, revelling in the motions, yet at the same time the sexually feminine part of me admiring the way I moved. I stood there naked, legs akimbo, arms outstretched . . .if it was possible to hold and to literally 'feel' that reflection I would have had no hesitation, she was the ultimate in womanhood, briefly I stroked my naked vagina, and felt guilty at such an intrusion to such perfection, as it didn't seem 'quite right' to see such a dainty hand playing with herself.

For the next hour, or so, I'm not quite sure of the time passing, I paraded in front of the mirror, bending over, looking at the perfect ass, sitting, cavorting, watching my fluid movements, there seemed to be nothing I could do that made me less than perfect! I pulled faces at myself, laughed, cried, and frowned, but each motion, emotion, just either put on a pretty pout or a sensual pose. . The spell. . If it was one, I just could not fault!

 The phone rang. . Shearing into my thoughts and body. I stood still, suddenly shocked that I was acting like a young girl, tearing myself away from the mirror I picked up the receiver,

"Hello"..I said ..my voice trembling with emotion.

"Honey! .You Ohkay", Hubby said, concern in his voice, "You sound, umm, different" "Yes, I'm alright", I replied, controlling my voice, "what's up"

"Be home about seven, car trouble", he said

"Ohkay, see you then", I replied, now in full control of myself.

'Hell, forgot about dinner', thinking to myself, "Can you bring Takeaway Hon, had our new mirror delivered today and busy cleaning it up",

"Yeah, righto" . .a puzzled voice from him. The phone went dead.

I looked at the time, phew! Plenty of that, fortunately! I looked around for the cleaning materials, found them and approached the mirror, the reflection of a naked beautiful woman with a basket of cleaning materials in her dainty hands not seeming to be quite right, and began the task of cleaning the frame.

Although the frame was complicated in design the overall concept appeared to be simple, a few curves, bends, a handle of sorts. Wishing to get the job done without further ado I closed my eyes, the apparition from the reflection as I worked sending too many sensual feelings throughout me, each movement I made being accentuated by the fluid movements of so perfect a figure. The top part of the framing was easy, my polishing cloth and hands buffing the peculiar feeling wood easily. It was only when I got as far as the middle-half that I snatched my hands away. . Opening my eyes,

"Who's there" . .??..I looked . . Nobody was there, just the frame. 'Am I being silly again', I thought. Like the first time?

I eyed the frame up closely. nothing unusual about it, just a couple of rounded pieces of wood that were made to represent?..umm . . Supports for the mirror, nothing unusual about that. I felt them..hard, unforgiving..and dusty!!.

I polished them until they gleamed as new. The wood seemed to appreciate this effort, and began to shine as only polished redwood can. Seeking the final 'glow' as only redwood can achieve I closed my eyes, and using both hands, began to rub gently.

I was immediately aware of a feeling that my hands had closed around a man's buttocks. . The sensation was so profound that I had no intention of opening my eyes, lest the sensation disappear!! The firmness, yet softness, of what my hands were feeling was incredible, sending little sparks throughout my vagina!!.

Not even wanting to give up this feeling I continued to polish (massage?) these firm, yet soft mounds, feeling between the cleft, polishing vigorously, my mind fleetingly thought about 'the front bit', my hands began searching, but found only glass. The sensation of holding these buttocks became too great, perspiring with emotion, and weakening at the knees, I opened my eyes, but only the frame was there, the redwood glowing oh, so brightly!!!

I looked in the mirror at the sweating woman, she looked back, tiny beads of sweat upon her brow but not a hair outa place!!..her eyes were wide with a question in them, but I could not supply the answer. I could see small droplets of cum on her perfect upper thighs, proving that at least she was human!!!

Grinning at her for me feeling sooo stupid again 'will I ever learn', I say, I parade to the kitchen to recover and have yet another strong cuppa..my nakedness not bothering me one itsy, bitsy, bit..after all, wasn't I perfect!!?

I checked the time..still plenty before hubby came home..I was now caught up/captured by this fascinating mirror..what other secrets did it hold?. My Mind told me, deep down, that there was plenty of time to find out, save it till later, but my wet thighs and total sensations of sheer sensual feelings overrode common - sense, besides, my nipples had started to ache with sensations I had never felt before, and were very hot! I got an ice cube out of the freezer and applied it to my nipples . . .aaaaahhhhh... . . The sheer sensation of coolness! how I desperately wished for a man to .. Ooooooh . .. my breasts subconsciously thrust up, as if seeking those of my hubby. .God . .they ache so!!!. 

Now perspiring freely, I had a quick shower, not wanting to waste one precious second from the mirror. Partially drying off, throwing a towel around my hair I raced to the bedroom, and looked in the mirror.

SHE was perfect!!!, tears sprang to my eyes as a very wet, daggy - haired tired woman looked at her reflection!!! Underneath the hastily wrapped towel around my hair I couldn't fault myself!, in fact, the casualness of the towel made me even more alluring!!!.. my eyes, and face, held a wantonness, which was soo child-like I wanted to cry at the sheer innocence of the look!!!. What was amazing were my breasts!!, which were now sooo protuberant that they were practically trying to face east - west on my chest, soo firm, proud and upstanding!!! . .the nipples soo hard and obvious, and facing up soo much I wondered if they could climb any higher!!!, 'God, if a plastic surgeon could see these he would bottle them'!!, I thought, giggling my head off!!!.

The compulsion to finish off the cleaning of the frame had now overtaken all other thoughts. .it had to be completed. whatever the cost!!

I gathered up the cloths and polish again, trying to ignore the gleaming globes of the previous efforts, but forgivingly giving them a quick 'rub', which immediately sent shivers through me as I felt the softness between my hands, and the wetness between my thighs as the sensual feelings once again engulfed me.

 Gasping, I carried on to next part of the mirror frame, finding the 'handles' I had noticed in the Auction Room.. handles were, well, handles for lifting the mirror during transport, perhaps? 

Getting just a little bit slightly accustomed to my reflection in the mirror I squatted down awkwardly to begin cleaning. Looking at the reflection it was as I was now getting used to, me/her posing . . oooh, sooo daintily, every part of my body, legs, body, arms as if out of a magazine .. Could I not pose any other way? giggling furiously, and very 'turned on', by my image I began to clean and polish the handles..Ohkay..cleaning and polishing the handles!!..granted, they came up bright and clean, but no 'rosy glow'!!!. Then it hit me!!!. 

Closing my eyes, I cleaned and polished the handles, the feeling was instantaneous!!!, my cloths were around a VERY sensuous penis!!..not only that!!.

It was a BIG ONE!!!, I let go the cloths, they were in my way!!!, and held the most longest, firmest, yet softest penis possible!!! . .the total sensation and just the sheer feeling was just incomprehensible to my mind, I was trying to 'see', (but knowing that I couldn't), this member in my hands!!!. My body literally screamed for me to encompass this object, I could feel the juices flowing out of my vagina in anticipation!!!, but I dare not let go!!. I continued on my task, to polish this thing!!, with each stroke, I could feel the pulsations of torment, and, feeling the head, the inner throbbing as the thing came alive??.

Twisting myself around, I placed this thing in my mouth . .a momentary taste of polish was noticed, but was replaced by the taste of manhood, I sucked and licked and found the tiny hole within the tip of this member.. Prodding my tongue in deeply, my built - up and total frustration behind me as I did so . . .and the mirror/member swelled!!
