 Chapter-5: Into the Chambers of Abomination

The others came-to, as if waking from a vivid and overwhelming dream, and found Lia unconscious on one of the many velvet pillows in the great chamber. Although groggy, they rushed to her aid, but realized there was nothing that they could do for her. It was then that they also realized that they were all completely nude. They exchanged puzzled glances at each other, and wondered what had happened.

"She saved us," Kerryllon declared, answering the question that was on all their minds, "She saved us from another magical trap. She'll be fine, once she's rested." Yet she knew that it was a bit more than just an arcane-trap: it was a curse, and a very powerful curse. It had eternal consequences meant to trap one's soul. It was something very ancient, wicked, and full of malice. The Elf-Wizard could feel the smoldering power of this place. It was a power that had a fetid stench of something diseased, and putrid.

All Elves (be they Mage, or Warrior) have a natural affinity for the mystical. And for Kerryllon, it took everything she had within her not to rush out the door, through the caverns, and back to the safety of her bedchamber. Like a frightened child, pulling the covers over her head to shield herself from the beast in her wardrobe, she donned her clothes as if putting on armor—ever watchful of the monsters that lurked in the shadows.

"When Lia has roused," she warned, "we should proceed with great caution.

"Wicked, fell creatures be damned," the Barbarian boasted, "death awaits them!"

Images of what just happened to them began to flash in Kerryllon's mind, and she was beginning to realize how close they all came to being forever caught in the web of this evil place. And it was also becoming all too obvious to her how ignorant her companions were to its dangers as the still images of what had transpired would appear. She could see her friends engaged in all forms of carnality, but she was conspicuously absent from the scene. Instead, she sat next to a gray-bearded mage on a cushioned, over-sized lounge. The front of his robe was open, watching intently as he languidly stroked his stiff manhood, and only taking his eyes off the action to give her a salacious leer. Soon she joined him, working her slick cooze with her anxious fingers as they both just watched.

"Forgive me, Selk," she told the Barbarian, gently, "I do trust in your axe, for I know not another more fierce in combat. But, there are some things that won't be slain by the kiss of cold-steel."

Selk grunted at the Elf's warning, but it was Nora that took her words more to heart. "We shall wait here until Lia has recovered," their leader announced to the others, "Whatever hazards await us, whatever assistance the crying woman may need, will have to wait. I will not risk the life of our Cleric on unknown dangers that may, or may not, be ahead.

"Until such time," Nora continued, "everyone, get some rest. Selk, you watch over Lia until I relieve you."

As Nora slept, the dreams that came to her were full of her most promiscuous fantasies. All her carnal desires that she had not acted upon in the past, every secret part of sexuality that she would never dare tell another, were being presented to her consciousness in the warm depths of her slumber. And when she awoke, she too was beginning to realize the dangers of the temple. This place, by whatever evil, was one giant trap. It was a trap of one's most hidden thoughts, and it did not take a Mage, nor Cleric, to come to this conclusion. It was simply plain, and logical, to her.

"Go get some sleep, Selk," she told the tall woman, that hovered or Lia, protectively, "And pay no mind to your dreams. They are not yours. They are only what this place wants you to see." She told Selk this because Nora knew how much her people believed in the power of dreams. They believed that dreams were a window to the Spirit-World, and it was how they communed with their ancestors and gods.

"This fell place shall not have me, Nora," the Barbarian assured her, "But if I do have such untoward dreams, I will enjoy them, and dismiss them when I'm roused," she finished with a sly wink. They both chuckled at her joke, but Nora could not help but feel deep concern for all of her companions, and the effect that the temple would have upon them.

When Selk was awoken by Nora, the memories of her dreams were just as her friend-and-captain had warned. As she could recall through the hazy, abstract nature the mind would produce while in a deep slumber, she was back in her village. It was in her yurt that three of her strapping young tribesmen were violating her every hole. She was straddling one that was plunging his swollen rod deep inside her aching pussy, as another mounted her from behind, and was stretching her taut asshole with his thick meat. Still another was standing in front of her, while she hungrily sucked at his throbbing cock.

The Barbarian remembered the unrelenting wave of orgasms that wracked her body, and the fruition of the dream as the three powerful men pulled from her, and showered her with an unending deluge of their sticky seed. Even though she was now awake, she felt the hot dampening of her nethers, and it was all she could do to keep from molesting her friends.

"Are you alright, Selk," Lia asked, as the Cleric could sense her burning arousal.

At first, she could make no reply, as she scanned Lia's petite, yet shapely, frame. She imagined herself nude, and intertwined, with her companion, and slaking her fiery lust. But, then, she felt her faculties begin to return, and she was able to form words:

"Yes," Selk answered, "I just need a moment to wake-up."

"Let's move-out," came the command from Nora, interrupting their conversation, as the small group headed for the only exit in the vast hall.

***

The Lich, Korlan, sat back on his lounge, reflecting on the past two centuries with his favorite play-toy. In all honesty, he had become bored with the beautiful dark-elf. Her punishment had gone on long enough, he reckoned. After all, he was running out of new ways to violate her, and he always hated becoming stagnant and repetitious. No, she was the past, and the time had come to put her there—especially since he had met his future Lich-Bride!

The Elf-Wizard must be powerful, indeed, to join him in the viewing the temple's cursed main hall. But, still, she was young and naive. Little did she know, their contact, their shared moment, in the main hall had left a door open for Korlan. And, it was a door that he planned to walk through, once again!

***

Erylleff Rallyfaign, slave of the lich, knew that she would soon be brought back to his carnal chamber. She knew the time for another "show" was near, as it was his practice to keep the dark-elf in a constant state of arousal, yet not allowed to let her climax. She guessed it was another form of his sadistic torture.

This time, she was surrounded by six Imps, summoned from the Abyss by the Lich's powerful magic. They had torn the raggedy clothes from her body, and were pinning her to the ground, as they took turns licking, nibbling, and teasing her sensitive, and inflamed, erogenous-zones. While one was laying across her belly, his tiny tongue flicking over her engorge clit, another had one arm pounding at her slick pussy, and the other arm buried in her ass. The other four were up around her chest, taking turns suckling and nibbling her hardened nipples.

No matter how hard she tried to hide the fact she was about to cum, the little demons seemed to know when it was about to happen. They would bring her up to the last moment, at the edge of release, and then abruptly stop their workings. Then, they would flit about in that air above her, letting the wash from their wings pass over her prickling flesh, teasing her, until the climactic sensations had passed—only to return, and start all over again.

This went on for hours, and Erylleff thought that she was going to loose consciousness more than once. But as quickly as the Abyssal creatures appeared, they suddenly vanished, as she heard the grinding of the iron hinges on her cell-door.

The usual retinue of goblin guards led the Dark-Elf back to the Lich's viewing chamber. And she wondered what manner of violation did he have planned for her this time? All she knew was that she would finally attain release from the teasing beset upon her by the summoned Imps. She reckoned that was their purpose: to keep her in such dire need, that she would welcome whatever her captor had to offer.

In the room, was the Iron-Wheel. Similar in construction to that of a paddle-wheel one might see on a mill. But this one had no paddles to catch the current of a river. It could (of course) turn, as normal wheels do, but it also swiveled at its base. She would be tied between the two wheels, with the small of her back resting on the axle, and there she would be both completely helpless and fully accessible.

Finally, the huge, oaken door swung open, and the Lich walked in. Behind him were his usual retinue of skeleton guards, and goblin valets. They took their seats in the viewing gallery, and a moment later, an eight-foot-tall iron golem clanked into the room. Its one-foot phallus was thick, made of cast-iron, and as black as night. In the past, the Lich had never brought in so brutal of a creature, and Erylleff reckoned that she would not survive this show, and that this was her finale. Finally, she mused, with a mixture of sadness and relief, this would mean her death.

"Prepare her," the Lich hissed his command, in his breathy, undead voice.

Just then, his valets hopped from their seats, and retrieved a small pot. They ran up to her, and started smearing lard all over her pussy and ass. The little goblin-wretches could not help but to push their fingers inside her as they did. And when they had finished, they spun her face-down, with her backside pointed toward the advancing golem. Then, she heard them scamper back over to their master's side.

Next, she heard the heavy, metalic foot-falls of the creature making its way to her.

***

CLANK, CLANK, CLANK,  came from down the passage ahead, as the six adventurers stopped in their tracks, and looked at each other quizzically.

"What is...," Selk began to ask, but was cut-short by the loud yelp of a woman's voice.

"Someone's in trouble," Nora exclaimed, frantically, and turned to her companions, "Let's see if we can help them!"

The six Ladies of the Tower dashed down the passage. It ended at a door. From the other side, the could all plainly hear a female calling-out in sounds that spoke of a feeling somewhere between agony and ecstasy.

"What are they doing to her," Sara asked, with a twisted look of revulsion on her face.

"I have heard-tell that followers of the Whore-Goddess," their Cleric began, "often make their sacrifices through fornication. They swive them to death! Of course, virgins are always the preferred sacrifice, but not necessary..."

"We got the picture, Lia," Nora interjected, irritated by her lesson in theology.

"I say we run in there, and slaughter everything," Selk boomed her predictable, usual suggestion.

"Are you completely dense," Cira asked, incredulously, "Do those huge teets actually suck the smarts from your brain-pan? We don't even know what's in there!"

"Well, you're our 'cunning-little-runt.' So, what's your plan," the barbarian shot back her barbed query.

"I happen to have a Peep-Stone," the Halfling-Thief announce, proudly.

"What's a 'Peep-Stone,'" Nora asked.

"I place the stone against a solid object, I put my eye to it, and as along as it's no more than a couple-feet-thick, I can see on the other side," she explained, matter-of-factually.

"Well, gimme that thing," their leader forcefully commanded.

"Oh, no... that's impossible! The magic only works for the one it was made for: me!"

Nora rolled her eyes in exasperation. She reckoned Cira was probably lying about that last part, as the Halfling didn't like to share her toys. However, at this point, she wasn't in a position to argue, and judging by the sounds coming from the other side of the door, they didn't have the luxury of time if they wanted to save that person.

"Then use it Cira, and tell us what's in there!" 

Cira the Slip place the small, green stone against the door, and leaned-in, placing her eye close to it. "Wow," Cira exclaimed, when she saw the scene inside the room through her Peep-Stone, "Priestess 'Tight-Pucker,' there, was right! There's a Drow, and she's getting swived to death by a huge Iron Golem," she then paused, as she took a moment to scan the room, and continued after a few seconds, "There's a couple Goblins... a few Skeletons..." Suddenly, Cira backed away from the door, and shoved the stone, hastily, back into her pouch. With a look of stark terror, she turned to her companions, and finisher her report, "...and a Lich!"

All eyes then turned to Lia...

"I don't know if I have the power to destroy a Lich," the Cleric admitted, after what seemed a long silence, "We're gonna have to go at him together."

Everyone saw Selk begin to pace, and start with her huffing breaths. The news that they would have to face such a powerful creature of the undead was blood-chilling. Evidently, this news was too much for the Barbarian, and they knew that she would soon go berserk—which didn't give Nora a whole lot of time to formulate a plan. But, that was exactly what she did:

"Lia, place your blessing upon us. Sara and Cira, when the door opens, target the Goblins with your bows. Kerryllon, ready a Fireball for the Skeletons. Selk, the Iron Golem is yours. Lia, you and I will go after the Lich. When you got your targets defeated, move to the Iron Golem, and then the Lich. We go after Lia blesses us!"

Erylleff was hoping it would all end soon. She couldn't take much more. The Golem's iron phallus seemed to get larger with every thrust, and she knew (after the long centuries of her life) that Death would presently pay her a visit. But, then, something unexpected happened: the door burst open, and a tall barbarian woman came screaming into the room. Hot on her heals, were five other females, all poised for battle.

The dark-elf watched as the six acted as one:

Before she could blink, the tall barbarian had crossed the room, and sprung over her—screaming a shrill cry of rage as she did. She heard a loud "thunk" of her slamming into metal, and then the Iron Golem's metal cock had popped out of her abused loins. At the same time, a Halfling and a Half-Elf (both armed with bows), loosed their arrows and unicorned the Lich's goblin servants. All-the-while, an elven Wizard rolled her arms in the air, and spoke her arcane words. A great fireball shot from her hands, obliterating his Skeleton guards.

"Great-Mother Danu! Smite this abomination!" Erylleff heard another say, as her companion rushed past her, straight toward the Lich.

A deafening rumble rolled through the room. It was a staccato pulse that seemed to be growing in frequency as it likewise grew in amplitude. When it reached its crescendo, there was a crack. And just as the Lich was standing to summon his unholy minions from the Pits, his left arm exploded. He then fell back into his thone-like chair.

"Lesthewvar, octimos, lattakan, krissos," the Lich enchanted, as the decayed arm grew back, and he then let out a mocking roar of laughter, saying, "Your impotent deity holds no power here, priestess!" With this he waved his bony hand, and sent Lia sprawling to the hard stone beneath her.

She must have flown more than ten-feet through the air before landing with a bone crunching thud. Pain coursed through Lia's body from the impact, yet she was not so easily deterred, as she rose to her feet almost as quickly as she had fallen. No,  she thought, this abominable creature shall not have its day!  After all she had been through since they had entered beneath the tower, her faith had grown—especially since her battle with the minions of the Whore-Goddess in the main hall.

"The Goddess of the Moon, and Mothers, and Life, and Nature, does not abide your unnatural existence, foul creature," Lia sermonized, with an empty, naked palm pointed at Korlan in defiance of his vast arcane power, "You are NOTHING," the word shook the stones of the room, and dust fell from above, "you died long ago, and were consigned to abyss!" At this, the Lich raised an arm in from of his face, as to protect himself from her words. He began to stumble back in fear.

Something stirred Kerryllon... something sudden, urgent. It was like a lost soul crying out to her for help. The next, the image of Lia Lunde flashed in her mind, follow by the image of Lia being consumed by the powers of her Lightning Staff. While the pictures in her mind were disturbing, what was even more disturbing was that she felt compelled to do it!

More images flooded into her mind of the life she could have: her, sitting on a throne of ultimate power, kings kneeling at her feet to pay her homage, and the man she had met in the main hall at her side. Together they could rule over all the lands, all the kingdoms, and be worshiped as gods-incarnate! All would be theirs if she would just destroy that damned cleric!

The Elf-Wizard fought the images creeping into her, worming their way into her thoughts. She knew it was the Lich attempting to seduce her. No, she thought, she could not do such a thing—although, she hesitated, it would be any easy feat. All she had to do was point the staff, and let loose its magic. A split-second action, and she would be on the path to becoming a living-goddess.

Kerryllon raise her Lightning Staff, its quartz head pointing into the distance somewhere between Lia and the Lich. It wavered between the two as if it was unable to make up its mind. With the enchantment of the staff waning, she knew she had only one good burst left, and the quartz head would shatter, its magic spent. Lost between that passions of lust and loyalty she cried out, "NO," and fired the final arc of lightning.

Kerrylon watched, her vision blurred with tears, as the undead-wizard was engulfed in a cocoon of electrostatic energy. It all happened in the blink on an eye, yet it seemed like hours had passed for her. He target had fallen to his knees, his mummified flesh charred black, smoke rose into the air. Yet, he returned to his feet, and she could feel his rage!

She watched as the Cleric started to walk up on the Lich, as her Fighter companion stopped dead in her tracks, and turned and looked in astonishment at the Cleric. There was a radiant aura of gold about the Warrior-Priestess of Danu, and Kerrylon knew that she carried the full might of her goddess with her.

"By the Divine-Love of Danu, you have no power here, foul creature! Our Great-Mother protects us from your twisted-magicks! Now, flee from our sight, and harm no more!" These were the final words she had to say as the Lich, Korlan, started to shake with fear as if he just saw saw something terrible. He fell back on his throne, and then scrambled to get up. He began to shriek in abject terror when he looked into the eyes of the Cleric. And as he ran for the door behind him, what putrid, mummified flesh was left on its bones began to turn to dust and fall to the ground. By the time the doomed creature got away, it was nothing but a skeleton that was falling apart, and clattering on the stone floor.

In the distance, stilled lashed to the iron wheel, Erylleff watched the Cleric collapse.

***

Lia Lunde, Cleric of Danu, awoke in her own bed. Sitting in a chair next to the bed was Cira—who smiled broadly when she saw that she was awake. 

The Halfling scurried from her chair over to her chamber door, and opened it. Poking her had out, she yelled, "Hey, guys? She's awake!"
