 John awoke, but struggled to stay in that drowsy cosy feeling. Warm gentle sunlight was just beginning to glow through the blinds and the bed felt so nice and comfortable. His wife lay in bed next to him facing him, her slumbering face so peaceful and she was doing that cute breathing thing again. He just wanted to lay here soaking her in.

He knew he was a lucky man. Libby was so beautiful. A petite woman with elfin features, when they had first met John had been swept by a desire to protect her and keep her safe. By the time they'd had their second date he'd learnt Libby possessed a strength belied by her fragile appearance and a fiery side that matched her red hair. She hated it if she felt John was being needlessly concerned about her but that didn't stop him.

He slipped his arm over her. Even after seven years the need to touch her remained strong. She responded by rolling over, half conscious but eager to feel her husband's strong body close to her.

He kissed her shoulder lightly and inhaled the scent of her hair. He slipped his hand up under the oversized t-shirt she wore and stroked the soft skin of her belly. It was almost a year since she'd given birth to their son, Aiden, a little brother for their five year old daughter Hayley. John sighed imperceptibly. He missed cradling his pregnant wife but that loss was more than made up for when he held his baby son and there might be another baby in their future.

Libby wriggled next to him, clearly awake despite her eyes being closed. She could feel her husband's erection pressed up against her.

"Mmm, that feels good." She murmured, wriggling some more.

They lay like that for several minutes, completely relaxed in the silence of this intimate moment. They'd made love last night after a slight quarrel beforehand but the physical act had cleared the air and both were still basking in the afterglow. Libby thought back to the way his hands had caressed her, knowing all the spots she liked to be touched. He was a considerate lover, taking his time with her, careful, when he was on top, not to let the weight of him or the size of his...ahem..cause her any discomfort.

Libby had not felt such sexual compatibility with a man until she had met John. Able to trust him completely she had completely opened up. His adoring eyes had eroded away the slight shame she'd always felt upon getting naked. She'd initiated the sex last night and was tempted to do so again this morning...John's hand had moved up to her right breast and was squeezing it lightly...clearly he would not be opposed to the idea.

It was a nice thought but impractical, one of the kids, or both, would wake up soon and husband and wife would become mommy and daddy again.

Eventually John spoke.

"I wish you weren't going tomorrow. I'm going to miss this whilst you're gone."

"It's only for a little while."

"I know but I thought we were trying for another baby..."

"I should be with Stacey at a time like this. There'll be plenty of time for the ...other thing... when I get back." She explained patiently. She was amazed how boyish her husband, at 6ft 1 and 170 pounds, could sound sometimes. Still, this quiet vulnerability, an awkwardness he let only her see, was part of why she loved him. "I'll phone you every night."

"You're right." John said, acquiescing. He understood. His sister-in-law was going through a tough time right now and he completely understood why his wife thought she should be with family. "I can't believe that Chris is leaving her. He always seemed like one of the good guys."

The couple were silent with their thoughts. John had always gotten on well with Chris and he'd always given every indication that he was happily married, definitely not the type to leave his wife for his secretary. God, he couldn't even contemplate doing anything like that to Libby. He loved her too much for that.

"Did Stacey say how the kids are taking it?" He eventually enquired, thinking about how a father could do that to his offspring.

"I think Jasper's pretty upset about it all but Heather's gone down the sullen teenager route."

"You should go. You're right. I can manage here alright and it will be nice to spend some special dad time with Aiden and Hayley."

"Just don't spoil them rotten." Libby scolded him playfully, shifting so she could lay her head against his torso and caress his downy stomach. "Do you think it will be cold up there this time of year?"

"I dunno. I can check the forecast for you before you go." He offered. "Are you going to pack that red lacy thing?" He said a moment later, with a growl of amusement and a glint in his eye.

"John! Not with my sister right next door!"

"Guess I'll just have to think about you in it and ...keep myself company..." He grinned roguishly.

Libby was just about to retort when Aiden's cries were heard through the baby monitor.

"I'll go." Said John, without a trace of hesitation or complaint.

Libby smiled contentedly. He'd been just the same with when Hayley had been born. John was the type of man that loved fatherhood, not the type that saw parenting as the mother's job. "Mr Bunny's probably fallen out of the crib again." He said as he pulled on his pants.

Libby gazed at his lean, muscular torso, with its nice matt of dark hair . God, her husband was a very attractive man. She let the thought go; Hayley must have heard her brother's cries so she may as well start fixing up breakfast.

 Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Xxxxxxxxxxxxx