 The interior of the Lady of the Stars was like nothing I had seen before. The first thing I noticed was the cold. Sacchari was a hot planet, but the ship felt like a freezer! My skin goosebumped, and my feet felt like ice on the cold metal grating that served as the floor. But I kept my complaints to myself as Master lead me through a maze of cold metal passageways lined with cables and all manner of small electronics that I did not understand.

I had seen pictures of the interiors of starships before. The fancy star liners always seemed quite comfortable, with soft carpet and pleasant lighting. But this ship did not seem to be built for comfort. This was a ship for work, and everything in it was hard. Cold. Utilitarian. I was a bit concerned about what life would be like aboard the ship as Master lead me through her passageways. But I never let it show. This was my Master's world. And so, it would be mine as well. 

"Alright, Seville, what can you do?" he asked as we walked. I focused through my almost-chattering teeth to form an answer. This is a question every slave expects from a new Master. And the slave should be careful in answering. Selling yourself too high will result in high expectations that cant be met. Selling yourself too low can anger the Master. And angry Masters can make a slave's life very unpleasant, indeed. But more importantly...I was still determined to show this Master that having me as a slave would never be a burden.

Finally, I answered. "Master," the dirty look told me he still hadn't warmed up to the title, "I've been trained extensively in cooking, cleaning, personal service...and pleasures of the flesh, of course." I told him with another hopeful smile. 

Master stopped and turned to look me up and down with a long, considering look when I mentioned the last one.

"So you can...cook? Well that's good news for us; I'm getting tired of the slop Cornelius has been cranking out." Without going into detail about who this "Cornelius" was, Master continued to lead me down corridors and up two ladders until we finally arrived at a door marked "CAPTAIN'S QUARTERS".

The room was small, but it instantly put to rest the concerns I had about my new environment. It was well furnished with an incredibly comfy-looking four poster bed, along with a huge wooden desk and two equally cozy-looking leather chairs. I couldn't suppress a smile as I imagined what a dream it was going to be to clean the massive shelves containing books and starship models that lined the entire back wall. A small, probably irrational part of me wondered if Master might let me read some of those books if I was extra-well behaved. A heavy rug lining the floor gave my feet a much needed break from the cold metal, and I closed my eyes and wiggled my toes at the pleasant feeling. 

I was still lost in the feeling as Master began tossing clothing at me from a metal cabinet in the corner.

First came a dull grey t-shirt with "LCV Lady of the Stars" stenciled on the front. In the dim light of Master's bedroom, I completely missed catching it, and scurried to pick it up from the floor. I looked at Master shamefully as I returned to my feet. The old barkeep, if he were in a bad mood, would have smacked me across the face and had me put in the stocks for the night for such clumsiness. But my new Master actually smiled a bit at me (and, oh my, that smile!) and his pretty eyes seemed to have a very slight twinkle as he chuckled a bit.

"Sorry about that, I guess you Saccharians don't play much catch?"

I smiled and looked at the floor, rather shocked at his warmth after my mistake, and shook my head. "No, Master." was all I could say.

Next was a pair of heavy cargo pants, a green working jacket, and a pair of heavy boots. "We uh...don't really keep women's underwear stocked aboard ship, so you'll have to make do until we get to Mercer Station." I had never worn normal clothes before, let alone true women's underwear, and in that moment, I honestly felt the need to throw my arms around Master and thank him for his kindness to me. I didn't of course. "And...we're also kind of out of bunk space...so..." Master revealed a bundle of metal and cloth that folded into a very cozy little cot "This will have to do for now." 

"It is perfect, Master, thank you!" The little cot didn't look terribly different then the one I slept in back at the pub, but the blankets and pillows Master put atop made it look positively cozy!

"God I wish you would stop calling me that." Master said with a sigh. "Get changed, and wait here. I'll come get you after launch. I need to head to the cockpit...and figure out what to tell the crew about you."

After Master left me alone, I pulled off my dress to change, but there was a part of me that couldn't resist taking a moment to lay naked on his massive bed. Only a moment, mind you. Getting caught would surely earn me a whipping! Still, I could have lost myself in the soft blanket and clean sheets. I doubted there was a bed anywhere on Sacchari as soft and lovely as this! Very fitting for such a Master as mine, of course. It was almost a given as a female slave that you would sometimes be brought to your Master's bed for their pleasure...but I doubt any slave girl had ever hoped for it as I did in that moment. 

Finally, I tore myself from the bed to dress as Master had instructed. The working clothes he had given me were a far cry from the slave's white dress to which I was accustomed, but these were very comfortable, and the boots would let me walk around those metal passageways without freezing my toes off.

Master had left no further instructions, so I decided to get a start on cleaning his room. Idle thoughts for a slave lead to a red rump, after all. I was dusting the books on the shelf with a rag I found and when I felt the ship begin to shudder. A moment later Master's voice boomed from some unseen speaker "Crew, begin final launch prep!" Finally, I nearly lost my footing and my stomach when the ship began to rise, and then rocket forward and upward. 

The movement eventually became more smooth and I was able to complete my chore. After the bookshelf, I found myself stumped, as Master's room was already very clean, and I certainly didnt want to inadvertently touch something I wasnt allowed. 

I debated whether to simply sit or to restrain myself. Every Master is different. Some allow their slaves full freedom of movement, others prefer their slaves tightly locked in ankle and wrist chains at every moment. I wasnt yet sure of this Master's preference, so I played it safe and retrieved the leg irons that I had nearly forgotten from the place I had let them drop on the floor, and, taking a moment to deposit the key on Master's pillow, I found that the bed was bolted to the floor and seemed sturdy enough, so I locked one cuff around my ankle, looped the chain around the bed leg, and locked my other ankle in place. My wrists were free, but I was held fast, and I was confident Master would find it sufficient. And there I waited in the proper kneeling position, toes back, back straight, and head aloft but bowed, chained to Master's bed, for his return.

Master finally walked back through the door almost an hour later, talking before he was even in the room. 

"Alright Seville, we'll head down to the galley so you ca-what the hell are you doing!?" He asked as he found me chained to the bed.

"I wasnt sure about your feelings on restraint, so I thought it best to be safe, Master!" I told him as he unlocked me. 

He muttered "Fucking Sacchari..." as he helped me to my feet ,and then continued "...anyway, lets head down to the galley so you can see what you'll be working with. And please dont let me find you chaining yourself to the damned stove." 

"If that is what you want, Master!" I had to admit, the dirty looks he gave me when I referred to him by his title were rather...exciting!

"Okay," he started as we walked through more corridors with large pneumatic doors leading off the sides, "My name is Char. Captain Char Whitfield. You can call me captain, or skipper, or just Char." 

"I'm sorry Master, but I can't, the codes forbid it." I explained to him. The Saccharian honor codes leave much to a slave owner to decide for himself, but this was simply not possible. Calling your Master by his given name? The pure insolence would drive a Saccharian Master to rage.

"Look, I am not Saccharian, and I don't give a lizard's spit about this code." Master told me, in a voice that wasn't...quite...anger.

"Oh, of course not, Master. But I am saccharian. I am your slave, bonded to you until you should dispose of me or death. I bear the name you gave me, and I will wear the collar with your symbol. I am very sorry, Master, but in these things, there is no choice, for you or me." Master just rolled his eyes, while I gave him another sheepish grin. 

"Well don't have a collar for you. Or a symbol." Master said.

"Oh!" I responded, "I will help you look in the next port, Master! I am sure we will find something you like!"

"Alright, the galley." Master said as he opened the door. Two men were inside, one in a cook's apron. To the one in the apron, Master snapped "Cornelius...good news, you dont have to cook anymore." 

Cornelius was a slim man of about Master's age. He didn't even ask questions before hurriedly pulling off the apron.

"Wait, skipper, you hired a new cook?" asked the stockier, shorter man sitting at the table.

"Thats right, Larson, I...sort of...hired a new cook." Master replied in a tone that warned against further questions. "This is Seville, and the two of you will treat her as a proper lady, got it?" With the two crewmates' affirmation, Master barked for them to check on cargo, leaving the two of us alone. 

Master began showing me the ins and outs of the small kitchenette, but I barely heard. Frankly, I know my way around a kitchen, and I couldnt help but once again be distracted by Master's eyes, his handsome face, and the tattooed muscles that I knew were under his jacket. For a moment, I imagined myself pulled in close to him, and getting to kiss his pretty mouth. But I quickly shut down those thoughts. They could lead me to trouble.

I won't bore you with the details of cooking for the crew. The work was easy and our two shipmates were polite, kind even. After I had cleaned up following dinner, I returned to Master's room, and changed back into my white dress. The work clothes were nice, but sometimes one needs the familiar.

I was busily scrubbing his desk when Master returned. "You know, I'm pretty sure that code of yours won't be offended if you take a break now and then."

"Oh, the work here is very easy, Master, and I enjoy staying busy!" I told him. I have been called many things, but never a lazy slave. 

"Well, all the same, come here, I wanted to show you something." He said, sitting on his bed.

"Yes Master!" I cried excitedly, eager to see what he had to show me. My heart skipped a beat as he pulled me up to sit on the bed next to him. 

"Check this out," He said, thumbing a wall switch near the bed, and the whole wall section slid away, revealing a long window looking over the bed. But what was more amazing was what was beyond it. There must have been a million shades of deep purple and white shimmering through space. In the distance a comet hung motionless, with a tail comprised of every color in the rainbow. And a massive cloud dwarfed all, shining and shimmering in the light. I sat there mesmerized, cross legged on the bed as Master spoke.

"Thats Hellions Nebula. Its small water droplets in the dust that make it shine like that." Seeing my look of amazement, he smiled and said "Ain't no time like your first time." Master pointed at a distant star. "Mercer Station orbits that. That is where we are heading." 

"Will I get a collar there, Master?" I said, trying to hide my look of desire as I stared into those eyes. 

Master rolled his head back and sighed, before saying "Sure, Seville, if you really want that, we'll find something there."

I smiled brighter than the stars as I sat cross-legged beside Master on his bed, as we watched the nebula turn slowly together...

To be continued...