 Tanariehl owned not only a dungeon full of perverted, magical devices. He also had more conventional quarters. Together with Ephra and Laerinia they took a long, hot, relaxing bath in a large, four-person bathtub. Then they shared a delicious meal, that tasted pretty conventional, not like something one could expect in a demonic dimension. The incubus even had wine, which he had most likely "traded for his services", which is a polite way of saying "seduced and manipulated". After that they had a whole night of sleep on a large, comfortable bed, one with clean, dry sheets. Although, since there were no windows and the light was artificial, it was hard to say, what time of day it was it the realm of the mortals. Not that it was important. After a breakfast Tanariehl lead the angel and the drow to the pair of important demons, he had mentioned earlier.

If the cult of Shares had an official hierarchy, Moloch and Mara would be something of high priests. They were not exactly in a position to command others, but their opinion was highly valued. They also had physical features, that would make them desirable for the servants of Sune on their quest.

Tanariehl, Moloch and Mara, as well as numerous other demons, lived in a gigantic complex, that was something of an overgrown castle. It defied the laws of conventional architecture and it seemed, as if the space itself was... compacted in the interior rooms. They were all vast, but the corridors connecting them looked disproportionately short. But the laws of physics in the demonic realm were not the point of focus for Ephra and Laerinia. The inhabitants were.

The angel and the drow dressed (or rather undressed) just as the incubus had suggested. They wore nothing but sheer stockings, white for Laerinia and black for Ephra, fifteen centimeter heels and lace chokers in colours matching their stockings, with "LOVE" embroidered on them. Tanariehl also put on a pair of stockings, his were red. Apart from the sheer fabric his feet were bare.

The hosts were dressed adequately to greet such guests - they were both completely naked. Moloch was an impressive sight. He was about two meters tall, so only Ephra in her killer heels could look him in the eye. He had a muscular body with a wide torso, narrow waist and strong legs. His face was roughly chiseled, but could not be called ugly. He had bald head with a pair of medium sized horns protruding from the forehead. His skin was dark purple. A feature, that could not be missed, were his penises. Moloch had not one, but two members, one over another. Both were currently flaccid, but even in that state they were longer and thicker, than a ordinary man's erection. The demon had no testicles, but that did not mean, he could not ejaculate. 

Mara was a succubus and as such looked similarly to Issyria and Issaria. But while the twins were slim, she was curvaceous, with round hips, full buttocks and magnificent F-cup breasts protruding firmly from her chest. She was 185 centimeters tall, but that height included natural, claw heels that grew from her soles. Mara's skin was purple, but in a lighter shade than Moloch's. The succubus was a hermaphrodite. Her female organs were not visible because they were hidden under a sizeable penis. It was not as big as Moloch's, but also significantly larger than average. Mara had a beautiful face, with features not demonic in the least. She had big, round eyes in the colour of amber, articulated, but delicate cheekbones and a small chin. Even the bald head and short horns could not spoil the effect.

The incubus did the introducing, but it were the angel and the drow, who explained the purpose of their visit. Polite handshakes were exchanged, but they rapidly changed into a friendlier greeting. As Moloch was letting go of Ephra's hand he stepped closer to her and put his left arm around her waist. He pulled her closer so that her underbelly was touching his penises. The demon then moved his right hand behind angel's head and kissed her. The kiss was wet and passionate, Moloch's large lips pressed hard against hers. His tongue immediately entered Ephra's mouth and surprised her with its length. The angel was startled, when she felt the tongue hit the back of her throat, but she quickly returned the kiss with equal passion. After all, such a warm welcome deserved respect. The demon withdrew his tongue from Ephra's throat and roamed it inside of her mouth. But the prospect of being deepthroated by someone's tongue excited the angel in its awkwardness.

Mara greeted Laerinia in a similar fashion. She also pulled the guest to her, but instead of grabbing drow's head, she put both hand on her buttocks and groped them possesively. That made Laerinia's underbelly to push against succubus' penis. They both shared a passionate kiss and their tongues also mingled, but Mara's one was not as long as Moloch's, so she could not try to push it into drow's throat. While their lips touched, succubus did one more thing. She parted Laerinia's buttocks and shoved her finger into her anus. The drow was not expecting that, but did not break the kiss.

When all lips eventually parted, Ephra and Laerina were left breathless. The hosts smiled invitingly and seductively revealing their teeth. Moloch looked mildly menacingly with his sharp teeth and long fangs, but that did not take away from his overall lustful appearance. Mara's teeth were almost human-like. Her fangs were slightly longer, but the rest was perfectly even and white. She had a beautiful, gleaming smile.

- If you want sex, you came to the right place - exclaimed the Moloch.

- We came for more, that just sex. It's love we search - replied Ephra.

- That shouldn't be a problem either. 

- It's more than just physical - said Laerinia.

The two women told the story of Ephra's descent, their lovemaking with Issyria and Issaria and the quest from Sune, they were performing. They skipped the details of session with Tanariehl, but also included the incubus in the tale. He added few words from himself as well, so that the demons would get the whole picture. When the trio was done, hosts' faces clearly shown, that did not understand the intentions of their guests fully. Laerinia decided to make it simpler for now:

- Let's just all have sex and see, how it all turns out. I'm sure, that you'll get the vibe eventually.

- Now you're talking! - Moloch laughed.

They kissed again. This time the drow with the demon and the angel with the succubus. With the huge disparity of size between Moloch and Laerinia, the demon lifted the sorceress, as if she weighted nothing. She wrapped her nylon clad legs around his slim waist and her arms around his neck. As their lips met, Moloch put his palms on Laerinia's buttocks and groped them possesively. He clearly enjoyed the touch of her soft, ebony skin. The drow did not know about the length of demon's tongue, so she was as startled as Ephra, when it hit the back of her throat. But this time he did not stop and continued to push it deeper. The sorceress was skilled and experienced deepthroater, so she relaxed her muscles and let the tongue in. Their lips never parted, when Moloch added his fingers to the play. He inserted two from his right palm into drow's vagina and the two from his left palm into her anus. She eagerly accepted all the penetration.

Ephra in her fifteen centimeter heels was taller, than everyone, but the demon, so she had to lean down to be able to kiss Mara, who was not short either. Despite her hardening penis the succubus decided to play the role of a female in this pair. She lifted one of her slender legs and wrapped it around angel's waist as their lips touched. Their tongues went out to meet each other immediately. Ephra slid her hand along Mara's thigh and between her legs, to finger her clitoris. It was getting moist at the same rate, that the penis was getting hard. She could feel the erection touching her underbelly.

Tanariehl remained the spectator. He did not seem disappointed, though. By the look of his growing penis, he was clearly enjoying the spectacle and did not mind, that he had to wait, to be able to join the orgy.

Moloch was giving Laerinia only a taste of what was to come, so he withdrew his fingers as soon as their kiss ended. The drow had to take a deep inhale after the tongue left her throat. She still held her legs tightly around demon's waist and could now feel his erect penises touching her buttocks. 

Moloch put the sorceress on the ground and she went to her knees instantly. She was eager to get a closer look at the monstrous members and be able to touch them. They were both already over thirty centimeters long and almost seven thick. But most of all they seemed to still be growing! Getting such a penis into one's mouth seemed impossible, so Laerinia confined herself to licking and stroking them.Their sheer presence was exciting enough.

Mara was the first to break the kiss. Once her lips parted with Ephra's, she motioned for the angel to lie down on a nearby bed. The blonde happily obliged. The succubus then sat on her lover's face and put her other pair of lips to get a kiss. Ephra immediately put her tongue and fingers to work. Mara leant forward to return the favor. Her already hard, huge penis was clutched between her underbelly and angel's chest. The succubus with a gesture invited Tanariehl to join them, which the incubus eagerly accepted. He was beginning to grow restless from watching.

Tanariehl quickly approached the women. He caressed their bodies, while they were busy with each other's clitorises. He preferred to touch Ephra, since he had had enough of succubi in the demonic realm. The angel was on the bottom, but her legs were easily accessible. The incubus enjoyed their soft skin and toned muscles for a while, but it was not enough for him. He might have been patient in the beginning, but the show had aroused him and his penis was already semi erect. None of Ephra's holes were accessible at the moment, so he had to do with what he could get. Tanariehl got behind Mara, who remained bent. With few quick strokes he got his penis fully hard and with one swift motion shoved it into succubus' anus. Mara moaned audibly, but did not rise her head from Ephra's crotch. There was no need in preparing a succubus for any kind of penetration and an incubus would be perfectly aware of that. 

Tanariehl quickly reached a medium, steady pace. He wanted to spare stamina for later, because he knew, that this orgy would not end anytime soon.

Moloch was amused with Laerinia's admiration, but it was not amusements he had expected. He lifted the drow from the ground, as if she weighted nothing and carried her to the large bed, that was partially occupied by Mara and Ephra. It was big enough for all five of them. The sorceress was surprised, how gentle demon's strong arms could be. Once she was lying on the bed, Moloch got his face between her legs, which she spread eagerly. The demon slid his tongue and licked drow's anus. He spit there as well, so the sorceress was aware, what was to come. But before the demon stuck anything into any of Laerinia's holes, he moved to her face and places two of his fingers by her mouth. She licked and sucked them obediently, making sure to get them sufficiently wet. Moloch's digits were large and even the two of them would stretch her anus considerably.

The demon withdrew his fingers from Laerinia's mouth and returned to her crotch. He gave drow's anus few more licks and then slowly pushed his digits in. When they were both whole inside, he spread them to the sides, stretching sorceress' anus. That made her moan audibly. The sound got even louder, when Moloch rotated his spread fingers inside. 

But the demon never liked to play with just one hole. Keeping his fingers in constant motion inside of Laerinia's anus, he moved his face to her clitoris. He kissed it once, then put his incredible tongue to work. Moloch began by drawing circles around drow's sensitive mound. His tongue was long enough, that he could hold his head in one place the whole time. The outer circle changed into an inner one. At the same time the two digits in the anus were joined by a third one. Moloch formed his tongue into a circle on the inside of Laerinia's labia and began to rotate it whole. The drow shrieked in delight, then continued to moan.

The caress did not last long either. The demon straightened his tongue and shoved it into sorceress' vagina. He did not act like one would with a penis, though. The motion was slow and he methodically poked and caressed every spot on drow's sensitive passage. He flapped and twisted his tongue, driving Laerinia wild. At the same time he put two fingers from his other hand into sorceress' anus and stretched it wide. He then began to move them up and down, back and forth, but kept the anus stretched the whole time.

By the time Moloch's tongue reached the end of drow's vagina, the sorceress had had enough of stimulation. Her orgasm might not have been the most powerful one, but it was just the first one after all. Laerinia gave a long moan of ecstasy and grabbed the sheets with her fists. Her body gently trembled, as demon's tongue and fingers continued to play with her holes.

She eventually calmed down and Moloch retreated from her crotch.

Ephra and Mara continued to service each other in the sixty-nine position, with Tanariehl using succubus' anus. But they all wanted diversity as well. The incubus was told to withdraw his penis and he did so without grief. He was aware, that he would not remain idle for long. In the new configuration of their threesome the angel would be in the center of attention. Tanariehl was to lie on his back, he would get a vagina this time. Ephra would mount him and Mara would take her from behind.

The angel slowly lowered herself onto incubus' penis. His shaft was, just like Mara's, thirty centimetres long and proportionally thick. One could not simply jump onto it. Once it was in, the succubus filled Ephra's other hole, equally gently. Within few slow motions the trio found a common rhythm and began to gradually pick up the pace. Along with the speed of their lovemaking rose the volume of angel's moans. She was by far the most vocal of the five of them. Soon her rhythim gasps, moans and cries filled the room.

Ephra loved being stretched so well, the huge penises penetrating her deep and fast. Combined with the earlier cunnilingues the arousal soon pushed her over the edge. After merely ten minutes of double penetration the angel climaxed. She screamed in ecstasy, as she arched her back to rest on Mara. She clenched her vaginal and anal muscles tightly around the thick penises. The additional pressure was enough for the demons as well. They both erupted inside of Ephra and kept pumping her full of their seed, until all three of them calmed down.

The succubus withdrew her still erect penis and the angel lifted herself from the incubus. He remained hard as well, even though his semen was beginning to ooze out of Ephra's vagina. Both penises began to softed soon after they left angel's holes.

The only person, that have not climaxed yet, was Moloch. But the demon was surprisingly patient. The other four lovers needed a short break to rest. Ephra and Laerinia decided to do so, while attending to Moloch's penises. They stroked, caressed, kissed and licked them. They also dreaded them a little. How such giants could fit into any of their holes? With the use of demonical magic, no doubt. They hoped it was potent.

The rest did not take too long and all participants were soon ready for a second, more "serious" round. This time Moloch would be having sex with Ephra. She already got stretched and he "wanted to fuck a blonde". The angel still felt mildly intimidated by the pair of huge penises, but excitement overshadowed that feeling. Her and Laerinia's caress made the penises reach their full size and it was truly astonishing, almost unreal. Both were forty five centimeters long and nine thick. No woman was capable of fitting them inside of her without magical help. Fortunately magic was in abundance.

The demon lifted Ephra as effortlessly as he earlier did Laerinia. He raised her high to place her holes over his gigantic penises. Mara helped to aim them, as Moloch slowly lowered the angel onto her destination. When the heads of the penises began to spread Ephra's holes, she issued a low, loud moan. The demon did not stop, but maintained the slow speed of descent. 

The other three participants just stood and admired the insane penetration. Especially Laerinia was wide-eyed, anticipating that same fate awaited her.

The penises were halfway into angel's holes. She never stopped making all kinds of erotic sounds. She would have never imagined, how wonderfully the extreme stretching could feel. She sensed her body magically adapting to the intrusions with both the demonical magic, as well as her own - angelic. But magic put aside, the mere physical pleasure was overwhelming. And this was just the first, slow push.

Moloch eventually stopped moving Ephra, but was still firmly holding her waist. She looked into his face. He just smiled and motioned with his eyes downwards. The angel followed his gaze and finally realized, that both penises were whole inside of her. That was why she felt so full. But it was also, as if she was one with the monstrous members, even despite the bulge on the belly. Ephra felt incredibly filled, but also complete in a way. Just having the penises inside of her was better, than being empty.

Moloch, of course, had not intended to leave the matter at simply being in. He wanted to "fuck a blonde" and began to fulfill his plan. He raised the angel, so that only the heads of his penises remained inside of her holes. Then he lowered her, still carefully, but significantly faster, than the first time. The angel grunted, as she got refilled. She kept her feet Moloch's hips and straightened her legs, when he lifted her. The third motion was faster and more decisive. It made the angel scream in delight.

Mara, Laerinia and Tanariehl were sitting on the bed, the demons on each side of the sorceress. They were enjoying the spectacle and playing with each other's bodies. Mara and Tanariehl were touching the drow, playing with her breasts or caressing her flash elsewhere, while she was stroking their penises. The trio was pleased with the show, but they wanted to have sex as well. The succubus whispered few sentences into Laerinia's ear (she licked it too) and the sorceress nodded with acceptance. She then turned around and laid on the bed on her back, with her head hanging down from the edge. Mara stood up and placed herself by the piece of furniture with her penis right next to Laerinia's face. 

Tanariehl got to the other side of the sorceress, spread and lifted her legs, to place her knees by her shoulders. He wasted no more time and simply shoved his penis into drow's vagina and began to pound her. The sorceress accepted his penis eagerly, but was more focused on the one by her face. Mara was about to use her mouth, like it had never been used before. The succubus placed the tip of her penis on Laerinia 's lips and began to slowly push it deeper. Its girth barely fit past drow's delicate lips, but events with Moloch proved, that words "it won't fit" just had no place in the demonic realm. 

Mara's penis filled sorceress' mouth and poked the entrance to her throat. The drow relaxed her muscles, as the succubus continued to push. Few seconds later Mara's whole penis was inside of Laerinia's mouth. Her vagina was placed right over drow's nose. The succubus held her penis in place and did not seem to be planning to withdraw it. The sorceress needed to trust her demonic lover and... breath. She did just that and was amazed, when fresh air entered her lungs, despite the huge penis filling her throat. Obviously, in the position, they were in, it smelled of Mara's sex, but that was not an issue.
