 It was one of those odd late September days when you notice the sun is setting earlier and earlier. I was two blocks from the office. I was excited, my boss, Jane, and my wife Trixie were going to Fantasy Fest in Key West; a weekend of fun and debauchery in the sun. Off the job we were best friends; however, even Trixie did not know that I had a secret crush on my boss. I had hoped that I might get a chance to be with Jane, in a threesome or otherwise during the trip.

The streets were lined with odd little shops all selling crappy goods to crappy tourists. I was looking at a knock off superhero action toy when I heard the crash and scream behind me. I ran towards the elderly woman. She did not speak English at all, but she seemed okay. I helped her up, and then got her cart righted. She thanked me several times nodding her head before she started to wheel her cart down the sidewalk. 

A youngish man walked up to me. He called to the woman first and she shouted something back to him and then turned her attention to navigating the street in front of her. 

The man turned to me, his English was accented but clear, "Out of all the people on this street you were the only one to run to an old lady's aid. You have good heart, but you might need clarity," he took out of his pocket a pack of gum. The box was square with two pieces in it. It was marked in some Asian language. The thing that stunned me about the man was his two front teeth were clear, as if they were made of glass. He smiled wide giving me a pat on the back and left.

After buying two coffees I went downstairs. She was in the office as I had hoped. "Hey did you get that tooth taken care of yet? We don't want anything to ruin the trip," she smiled like she had something on her mind. 

"I can't go. Jim wants to try couples counseling. And it is for the weekend that we were going to go away. I am so sorry. I will pay you back for the costume," Trixie and her had planned to go as dominatrices with me as their "slave." Of course it was all in good fun and of course, he, the man who would stick his cock in anything including a light outlet would choose that week to want to try to patch things up.

I was mad, sad, and ashamed all at the same time. My mouth was dry, I reached into my pocket for anything to moisten it up and felt the gum in my pocket. In retrospect I must have been nuts; the gum could have been poisoned. But reflexively I popped it in my mouth, it had a floral scent and taste that I can only describe as spring; very herbal.

Then my mind exploded. It was like watching a DVD running fast forward at high speed. Then the multiple ending tracks appeared; I saw time run three, four, five different ways at once. I should have been scared but instead I felt bliss. I knew that next she would do the crying game, followed by wanting to take me out for drinks. 

My mind skipped forward: we would drink and I would forgive her. I would stay with her in the office always hoping for crumbs, ignore Trixie and then when Jane retired I would be washed up at work and in bed having waited for something that would never happen. Another track ran at the same time where Jane and I slept together and two more tracks came into view. One in which I was beaten by Jim and another where Trixie found out and left me.

Things started to blend together, then one path became the clearest. The "bonus footage" faded away to the beige walls of the office. The office I often came in to clean on my own time to please her.

My trip had lasted less than a second; I was back and as she started to propose we go out I smiled and said, "No its okay. Good luck!" Without another word I went to my desk and got out the inspection reports and went upstairs to go into the field to check on some locations. I stopped coming in early, stopped cleaning the office and stopped bringing the coffee. Instead of mooning over her I concentrated on my work and would come home and bang Trixie in positions she had not thought possible.

Eventually my renaissance at work was noticed and another boss asked me to work for her. I told Jane I was leaving as I packed my stuff. What really hurt her was the new boss was younger and far hotter than her. As an added bonus she was one of the many that Jim, her beloved, had stuck his cock in.

The day before the trip while Trixie was at work Jane came over. I had one piece left of the gum and popped it in my mouth. Jane was crying, she was putting on the costume she was returning, she was on her knees blowing me; the possibilities mushroomed.

As tempted as I was with the last vision, her in that leather outfit sucking my cock while tears ran down her eyes, I realized it was not worth it. I told her she could keep the costume, maybe she could wear it for Jim and let the door close slowly on her face.

I waited until she was gone and symbolically took the garbage out of the house, just as I had just taken the garbage out of my life. In the elevator I was not surprised to see "glass-tooth." "You have done well with clarity. Here! This is for someone else. Help them and spread the vision."

I assured him I would and as I turned my back to put down the garbage he vanished.

Wind forward a year, she did go through the couple counseling. They even got married; thought it smacked of desperation, like when a television show has bad ratings and does a stunt episode to raise viewership (and we all know how well that works). He wound up cheating on her and she soon found herself living with her elderly aunt out in the boondocks.

Wind forward another year. Trixie (and yes her father was a fan of that show, his other daughter is named Alice) and I were in a hotel room in Key West. She was dressed as a super-heroine sucking my cock while her girlfriend, who is chubby but sexy in a nerdy sort of way, licked her pussy. Of course I married Trixie after that; and her friend has practically moved in with us.

So, the next time you do something right, a bald guy (handsome in an ugly sort of way if I do say so myself) may tap you on the shoulder and hand you a small odd pack of gum. All I can say is take it, we all need some clarity.