 Landica, Book I, Croft

Prologue 

Fabresio Croft was born a poor boy in the north. At the age of nineteen, a war with the Western Realms began. Fabresio joined his king's army. After just five years, Fabresio had become a military leader, it was his garrison that broke the line, his garrison the conquered the Western Capitol. Because he showed bravery and skill, the king in the north granted him lordship, gave him a castle named "Harwood Fortress", and gave his niece, Katrina, to wed Fabresio. Katrina was the southern realms definition of beauty, long blonde hair and thin as a twig. Fabresio never saw her as beautiful, her thin frame caused her to be cold in the frozen north, but he tried.

Only years later, by word of a wise woman, did the couple find out that Katrina would never bare a child. And so, Fabresio would be the first, and last, lord to have the name Croft. 

A servant within Harwood passed as Fabresio reached the age of thirty. Her daughter, whom lived in the castle, named Maria, aged thirteen at the time, was now an orphan. Fabresio took a liking to the girl, acting as a father figure. He attempted to convince his wife to act as her mother, but she never would. Perhaps a good thing Katrina was infertile, not a motherly bone in her body. As the years trudged onwards, Katrina became spiteful towards Maria and Fabresio, for the bond that they shared, a bond Katrina would never feel with anyone, even if it was her own doing, for being so heartless. 

Fabresio, now aged thirty-eight. His years as a lord have softened his body, the muscles he once had, have gone. His drinking has given him the slightest of pot-bellies. A short, black beard adorns his face, to deter the cold of the northern winds. His hair grown in a dark brown mane, ending just below his ears. 

Today, he celebrated Maria turning twenty-one, and becoming a woman. He had sent Maria and two other servants to the city just the day past. Tradition held that the woman would wear a dress of her choosing on her day. The three servants would arrive back at Harwood before noon and so the celebrations would begin. 

"We should have given her coin to buy some more working clothes." Katrina lay on their marital bed, wearing a small nightgown that ended just above her knees. Speaking to her husband, standing in front of the mirror, tying the last knot of his tunic. "Her tits nearly escape all she's got now, it's not befitting for a servant of a lord to dress as a barmaid."

Fabresio had never given much thought as to Maria's attire. Nor did his mind dwell upon it long. He walked to the bed, kissed his wife and placed his hand on her bare knee. As they kissed he moved his hand upwards, under the nightgown and felt her inner thigh, nothing but skin and bone. Though he did not love the woman, nor did he really want to feel her, it had been over a fortnight since they lay together. Just as he was about to feel her warmth, she broke off the kiss and stood.

"The water for my bath ought to be drawn now, I'll see you downstairs."

With nothing but tight trousers, the lord made his way to the castle's great hall to see how the party was coming. Just as he passed the entry, Maria and the two servants arrived. Fabresio thought of what his wife had said, the girl appeared to be dressed modestly enough, in a long white and brown dress, again the thought drifted from his mind. 

After embracing the girl, who could no longer be called a girl after today. "Everything went well I expect? The coin I gave was enough?"

"It was perfect my lord." Even though they saw each other as father and daughter, Maria always insisted on calling him 'lord' when others were about.

A wide smile split the lord's face, to see her happy, made him happy. Her face mimicked his, to see him happy, made her happy. "Go on then! Get dressed and ready, the party starts just as sunset begins! The guests will begin arriving shortly, I've no doubt. Can't have them seeing the woman before it is time!"

Another smiled shared between the two and Maria was off for her room, accompanied by half a dozen other female servants to aid her. 

As Fabresio had predicted, the guests began to arrive just after noon. The title 'Lord' before his name meant little politically. He was a member of the court of the great city Harwood was near. He had the wealth of a lord. He was often consulted on military matters, but he held little power. Though he was known in his youth throughout the north as a great warrior, he was now known for something much different. His parties. Casks of ale, wine and mead lined the walls of his great hall. An enormous oak wood table sat in the center, built to seat sixty people. Other small tables were set up around the large one. Delicious smells wafted from the kitchen as servants entered and exited. Lords and ladies, knight and peasant, all were welcome. Some from as far as the southern realms permitted the bitter cold of the north, just to be present at one of Lord Croft's parties. Another fact that garnered attention was the age old tradition of becoming a woman. It is said that a girl, does not become a woman, unless she lay with a man on her evening of womanhood. Many a young man from the city, and knights from the world over, believed they might have the cock that would thrust the young Maria into womanhood. Those she was no noble lady, it was known that that the Lord Croft saw her as a daughter, so a taste of her would be as good as the taste of a true, Lord's Daughter. 

Katrina was good for one thing, it seemed. She was outgoing and well liked. She wore a long strapless dress, starting just above her chest. She hadn't tits to speak of, but the southern men seemed to like her none the less. They flirted and jested with her, Fabresio didn't care, perhaps she'd fuck one of them, and she'd perk up a little. 

Lord Croft loved parties, he looked at all the lovely ladies, admired the bodies of those more shapely than his wife's. He told his tales of war to the men and any others who would listen. He drank his fair share, he sang, he laughed. 

But the time had come, the bards played their song, the guests all turned toward the large, wooden, double doors of the great hall as they opened. In walked Maria. Fabresio again thought of what his wife had said, though, this time, he did not push the idea away. Maria showed a great deal of skin, though it was her evening of womanhood, she had every right. Fabresio looked at her with the same eyes as every other man in the room. Ogling her beauty. She wore her brown hair in the latest fashion, the sides pulled back to fall with the hair at the back of her head. The top, rolled upon itself making a pomp. The back fell, curly and waving, just upon her shoulders. A red rose was held within the roll on top, half the pedals painted black, to match the color of the Croft house. Her skin was pale, white, which made her dark brown eyes and bright red lips show even more. Dark makeup was lightly applied around her eyes. Her eyebrows were thin but bold and dark. Maria was a short and plump girl, the opposite of Katrina, Fabresio began to have thoughts of the girl he had never had, though her face was beautiful, his eyes were drawn elsewhere. 

Around her neck hung a ruby, held by a black steel chain. The bottom of the ruby sat just above the beginning of her cleavage. She wore a white strapless dress, her shoulders were freckled and exposed. Around her torso a black corset with golden swoops and spirals. Her shapely breasts were pushed upwards, the cleavage and the outsides were visible. A frill ran around the entire top seam of the dress. Her corset was bound tight, displaying her wide hips and round belly. Fabresio thought of what her pale flesh would feel like under his palms, pale, thick and warm, so unlike his wife's. Below the corset her body could not be made out as the dress frayed outward. It was in this moment Fabresio saw who Maria truly was, beautiful, a beautiful, young, woman. He envied the man who might share her bed at the end of the evening. 

She made her way through the crowd, speaking the expected pleasantries to the lords and ladies. She eventually made her way to Fabresio and Katrina, standing next to their chairs. Fabresio embraced her, her head rested against his shoulder, her breasts pressed against his chest, her belly pushed against his and his crotch. He could smell her sweet perfume, he took a deep breath and savored the scent. He whispered, quiet enough for only the two of them to hear.

"You look lovely." He felt his trousers begin to tighten, he pulled away from the embrace, hoping the woman he claimed to be his daughter hadn't felt anything.

"Thank you my lord." Her face blushed as a wide smile parted her ruby red lips.

She stood between the Croft's as Fabresio raised his mug. "To Maria! May her life as a woman be long and wonderful!"

"To Maria!" The crowd echoed, before drinking from their mugs.

"Let us eat!" At his command, the door of the kitchen swung open. Servants came from the door in a single file line, carrying enormous platters covered in, duck, chicken, pig, potatoes, and multitudes of fruits and vegetables. 

After the feast was consumed, the servants shuffled the guests to the ballroom. The floor was checkered, red and black. Candles burned on hanging chandeliers and candelabra lined the walls. A full orchestra lined the far wall of the room. As the guests began to enter, they began to play, upbeat and lively music, perfect for a dance.

Many men had their moment with the woman of the evening. Fabresio watched with curious eyes. The faster the pace of the song, the more her nearly completely exposed breasts, bounced and jiggled. 

As a song ended, the man gave her a kiss on the cheek and a bow. Maria then walked to Fabresio, just as the next song began. She extended her hand and he took it, leading her to the center of the room. As they danced, her scent filled his nose, her warm, full body pressed against his, he forgot the rest of the room existed.

"Thank you so much Fabresio, this evening is so extravagant, it's more than I could ever have wished for."

"You deserve it Maria, I would do anything for you. Have you made a decision yet?" She looked at him with confusion, his face blushed. "Of who will... Aid you this evening?"

Her eyes showed she now understood his question. "Such a vulgar tradition don't you think? I'm to take a man to bed, let him have me, what if I'm to take child? Then I'm to wed that man, who came to this party with the soul purpose of having me? No, I think I'd rather lay with a man out of love, not lust."

"It does my mind good to hear you say that."

"You'd prefer I stay a girl?"

Fabresio blushed, "that's not what I meant. I...I, you're definitely no longer a girl."

"What does that mean?"

"Look at you, you have the body of a woman," he looked down into her deep cleavage, "the mind of a woman. Perhaps, if it is, love..." He never finished what he wanted to say. The song ended and he became painfully aware of the guests and the rest of the room, all in one instant. He kissed her cheek, bowed, refused to make eye contact, and retired to his waiting mug of mead. 

Fabresio kept to himself the rest of the evening, constantly watching Maria, looking at her in a way unknown to him. The guests began to retire to their rooms. Those left awake had too much drink in them to dance. 

Maria walked to him. "It appears I've have not found a man for my evening," holding out her hand, "perhaps you could walk me to my room, m'lord?"

Fabresio took her hand in his, placed a kiss upon it, and they began to walk.

At the entrance to her bed chamber, he released her hand, kissed her cheek, and bid her pleasant dreams.

"You said something of love? Upon the dance floor."

Fabresio's face blushed bright red. "I spoke foolishly, something that ought to be forgotten."

"I don't think I want to forget. Come inside? Perhaps you might finish what it is you wished to say?"