 Landica, Book I, Croft

Chapter I, The First Time

Maria led the lord to her bed, they each sat at the foot. She looked to him, awaiting him to speak. He fumbled with words inside his head, the woman's dark brown eyes felt as if they were piercing into his mind. He failed to form a coherent sentence to explain his thoughts and feelings toward Maria. He thought then that perhaps, words would just get in the way. He looked to Maria's red lips, he contemplated pressing his own against hers. Katrina entered his mind. His wife, whom he had tried so hard to love. 

Maria, before him, he desired so much to feel her thick, pale flesh in his hands, to tell and show her the feelings he had within him, and so he did. Fabresio leaned forward, placing one hand on her thigh, and kissed her. Deep and sensual, their lips left each other's ever so slightly, then rejoined. Soon their tongues danced within the other's mouth. Maria placed both hands upon Fabreiso's chest, pushing him away as she pulled her lips away.

"You're married, I will not be your whore, Fabresio."

"You are not a whore. I'm married to a woman I do not love. But you," he paused, moving a hand to her cheek, "I love you. I have always loved you, but until today I did not know in what way, now I do. I love you Maria."

Maria grabbed Fabresio's tunic, pulling him atop her as she lay on her back. Their lips and tongues met once again. Fabresio could feel his hardening cock pushing against her thigh. With one hand he held himself in position, with the other he began to pull her dress upwards. After the dress was high enough, he could feel the skin of her thighs. He gripped the flesh, warm and soft. He felt his trousers grow tighter as he moved his hand upwards. Maria spread her legs and Fabresio felt the soft, shaven skin just above her pussy. 

"No underwear? Shaven? I thought you believed the tradition to be vulgar?"

She kissed him once, lightly biting his lip. "Never hurts to be prepared." Their lips and tongues resumed their previous rhythm. She placed one hand on his stiff cock, slowly sliding up and down. She began to pull at the strings holding his trousers in place as he spread the flesh around her pussy with two fingers. With his middle finger he began to lightly massage her already wet clit. Moaning into his mouth, Maria undid the final string of Fabresio's trousers, she grabbed hold and pulled his cock into the open air. Fabresio pulled away from the kiss, looking into her eyes, glazed over with lust as she stroked him. In a swift movement he thrust two fingers into her wet, waiting warmth. A loud moan escaped her lips as she arched her back and her eyes rolled into her head. She stopped stroking as Fabresio hammered his fingers in and out of her, she now just held him tightly at the base, causing the shaft and head to turn red. 

"I want to taste you Maria."

She smiled, releasing his cock and pushing Fabresio off of her. She spread her legs high in the air, holding them at the knees, showing her dripping pussy in all it's glory. Fabresio wasted no time, he knelt at the edge of the bed, placed each hand upon her thighs, and licked from her entrance to her clit. She shuttered, he licked once again, a moan this time. He began lapping at her clit, like a dog from a water bowl. Hard, full-tongued and fast, periodically sucking her into his mouth, between his teeth. 

"Oh gods! No one's ever done this before!"

Fabresio pulled his head from her pussy and looked her in the eyes. "There have been others?" His tone was not angry, just surprised.

"A couple village boys, but it was always so quick, they never took the time to eat me, like you."

Knowing he was the only one to have ever tasted the sweet, forbidden fruit, drove Fabresio harder. He inserted two fingers as he licked her with passion. Her moans filled the air, Fabresio could feel his cock throbbing below him. 

As Fabresio worked his fingers and tongue, he felt the walls of Maria's pussy begin to contract. He began to lick harder and kept his fingers within, massaging her. Her moans grew even louder as she reached her climax, cumming on his fingers and into his mouth. 

She rolled over onto her stomach, "take this thing off of me." 

Fabresio stood and stepped behind her. Her legs hung to the floor as her torso lay on the bed. His hard cock pressed against her dress covered ass as he leaned over slightly, undoing the strings of her corset. Just as he finished the last string, before she could move, he pulled her dress up over her ass. Her asshole and dripping pussy exposed, he slid the head of his cock along her lips, letting the wetness cover the head. He placed his cock at her entrance, bent his legs slightly, gripped her love handles and spoke. 

"Are you sure you want me to be the one?"

"Yes! Please, Fabresio, fuck me with that big, hard cock of yours!"

Fabresio did not need to be told twice, as he thrust slowly forward, he pulled her body backward. Her ass slapped against his thighs, his balls slapped against her clit, and his entire cock vanished within her. He pushed her forward and pulled backward till only the head was within her, and again he thrust. He repeated this, each time pausing for less time until he was fucking her hard and fast. They each let out loud moans every time his cock penetrated her. 

"Stop, I need this dress off."

Fabresio pulled out and took a step backwards. Maria stood before him, the corset laying on the bed. Fabresio could see her nipples poking through the light fabric of the white dress. She stepped forward and they kissed deeply, tongues again dancing. He pushed her arms upward, she entangled her fingers together atop her head. He grabbed the dress on each side, just under her armpits and began to pull it down. At first just releasing her breasts. They fell slightly to the side from their weight, each adorned with a perfect, pink, round areola, and a small, erect nipple. Fabresio pulled his head back from the kiss to look upon them. He took the soft, heavy, pale flesh in his hands. Kneading and massaging, lightly tweaking her nipples. He kissed her once on the lips, then her neck and slowly worked his way down. He took the pink areola into his mouth, sucking and licking. Maria ran both her hands through his hair, gripping the back of his head. Fabresio released her nipple and kissed along her breasts until he reached the other. Taking her back into his mouth. As he sucked her nipple his hands moved back to the top of the dressed, held just under her breasts. As he pulled the dress down, he moved with it, kissing the flesh just below her breasts. The dress fell to the ground after reaching her thighs. He knelt before her, licking, kissing and kneading the the thick, white flesh of her belly. Maria grabbed at his tunic, yanking it up over his head. 

Fabresio stood and embraced Maria, his rigid cock against her belly, her large tits against his chest. Their hands explored one another as they kissed.

"Sit on the bed, your back against the head board."

Fabresio did as he was bid. His shoulder blades against the head board, lower back resting on a pillow and ass on the sheets. Maria crawled along the bed, tits and belly hanging beneath her. Her soft flesh rubbed against Fabresio as she crawled closer. She stopped as his cock stuck up in the air, just between her tits. She swung them back and forth, smacking them against Fabresio's hard member. She crawled forward further, her hands against the head board, tits in Fabresio's face, wet pussy grinding on his cock. She lifted her ass ever so slightly and Fabresio pushed his member upwards. He massaged her clit with the head for a moment then pushed it further so it set just below her entrance. As she lowered her body into his cock he gripped her tits firmly with each hand, taking turns sucking each nipple as she began to move up and down. Fabresio moaned into her breasts as she rode him. 

Maria sat upright, allowing Fabresio's cock to become completely engulfed. She began to grind back and forth, pivoting the cock within her to reach untouched regions of her pussy. As she moved Fabresio admired the way her breasts and belly jiggled. He loved the way her head fell backwards as she moaned. He dug his fingers into her thighs.

"Kiss me."

As she leaned forward Fabresio gripped her back, pulling her body tight against his. Her belly pressed to his, tits against his chest, and ass now slightly up in the air. As their lips met, Fabresio moved his hips with a passion. His cock moved in and out of Maria with both speed and force. He moved his hands to her ass and gripped tightly, moving her body to match his rhythm. She pulled from the kiss, moving her body slightly forward, her tits now in his face. He slid downward and bent his body to penetrate deeper. Her entire body shook with each thrust, her tits danced on his face, nearly suffocating him. Fabresio felt his climax nearing, but he had no desire to finish yet. 

He threw Maria off of him, she landed next to him on the bed, laying on her back. He moved to his hands and knees, immediately grabbing her breasts and taking a nipple into his mouth. Maria grabbed his drenched cock and slowly slid her hand up and down.

"I need this back inside me Fabresio, please." 

Without letting his mouth from her breast, he shuffled around until his cock pressed against her wet pussy lips. Maria placed her feet on his ass and pulled him into her. He sat up and began to thrust slow and deep. Maria moved her hand to her clit and began to rub. Fabresio moved her legs up so they each pointed away from each other. He looked down and watched his cock slide in and out of her beautiful pussy, watched her fingers working her clit. 

He began to move faster as he felt her pussy begin to contract. 

"I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum Fabresio! Yes! Keep fucking me, just like that!"

The feeling of her pussy reaching orgasm caused Fabresio's own orgasm to build.

"I'm going to cum too!"

"Not inside me! I can't get pregnant!"

As much as he despised the fact, he knew she was right. After one final thrust he pulled out and stood above her. He quickly stepped forward on the bed and crouched again, slapping his cock between her tits. Maria pressed them together, engulfing Fabresio's cock. He moved his hips only a couple times before he came. Strings of white shot from the head of his cock. He groaned loudly as they hit her chin and came to rest on her neck. He pulled his cock from her tits and with one last flick, dropped a small droplet of cum onto her right nipple. The sight was beautiful. 

Exhausted, Fabresio fell to her side, on his back. Maria reached to her nightstand for a rag. She cleaned both herself and Fabresio. Once finished she rolled on her side, her head next to Fabresio's, her hand on his chest.

"I love you Fabresio."

"And I love you Maria."

Fabresio awoke to a wet, tight feeling on his cock. As he rubbed the sleep from his eyes he saw a gorgeous sight. Maria, between his legs, on her knees and elbows, one hand holding the base of his shaft, the other cradling his balls. His cock was held tightly against her throat. She pulled her head up, moving both hands to stroke his spit covered member. 

"I'm hoping that last night wasn't a drunken mistake." She spoke coyly.

"Certainly not." 

"Good." A smile split her face just before she returned to ramming her head down on Fabresio's cock. Spit dripped from her mouth, down the shaft, over his balls and down his ass crack. With one finger she began to massage his wet asshole. She moved her mouth so only his cock head was still within. She held it tightly with her lips as her tongue swirled around it. Looking right into his eyes she slowly began to push her finger into his ass. A surprised moan escaped Fabresio's lips.

"Do you like it?"

Embarrassed but honest he replied, "yes, that feels... very good."

Maria took his cock head back into her mouth. She stroked the full length of his shaft with one hand while with the other she wiggled her finger inside of his ass. The pleasure was overwhelming, Fabresio groaned loudly as he felt the cum begin to flow from his balls. It shot through the shaft and into Maria's perfect mouth. At the first taste, she gripped him tight and began to stoke each jet of cum into her mouth. With her finger in his ass, Fabresio experienced the best and longest orgasm of his life. And every drop of it was in Maria's beautiful mouth. As he finished she sat up, opening her mouth, showing the huge load he had given her. She closed her mouth and Fabresio heard and saw, her swallow. 

"What would Katrina say if she could see you right now?"

Katrina! Fabresio hadn't thought of his wife once since he and Maria kissed the night before. Surely she wondered why they did not share a bed last night. His eyes opened wide.

"We mustn't tell a soul!" He hurriedly got dressed and walked to the door of Maria's bedchamber. 

"When can we do this again?"

Fabresio looked to Maria, her sweet, beautiful, young face looking back. The fear he had felt a moment ago vanished. He walked to her, kissed her deeply, tongues intertwined. 

"Soon, my love, very soon."