 Landica, Book I, Croft

Chapter II, Sneaking About

"Too drunk to find your own bed last night?" Katrina looked at herself in the mirror whilst applying her make-up. 

Fabresio grabbed his head, feigning a headache. "I must have been, quite an evening."

"What a surprise." The sarcasm in her voice was strong and deliberate. "I've just received word from my father, he'll be returning to the city in a fortnight. He's bought a tavern for the evening, wishes for all his children to be there." She finally turned to look at Fabresio, "no reason for you to come. He doesn't much care for you." 

Fabresio ignored the remark. His mind was busy thinking of Maria, the two of them could enjoy a romantic evening while Katrina was gone. 

Eleven days till Katrina leaves... Noon.

Fabresio had worked in his greenhouse since dawn. His tunic and trousers stuck to him with sweat. His hands caked with mud. He washed his hands in a pot of water, just inside the castle. A strong desire for a cold bath crossed his mind. He made his way through the castle, up the stairs and to his bedchamber. As he opened the door he heard the sound of water. He closed the door quietly behind him and walked to the entrance of the bath room. The floor and walls were built of white marble, in the center a large bath was built into the floor. Two foot high marble walls lined the outside while the floor of the bath sat a foot below the rest of the floor. Rose pedals floated atop the water. 

Within the tub sat Katrina. Maria stood within the tub washing Katrina's hair. Maria wore a long white, thin dress, without embroidery or color of any kind. Though Katrina's back was to Fabresio, Maria saw him standing in the entrance. She smiled at him, and he smiled back. 

After Katrina's hair was rinsed, Maria began scrubbing her body. As she started on the legs she bent over. Just enough that a small portion of her breasts entered the water. 

Katrina stood from the tub and grabbed a towel, drying herself as she walked into the bedroom. She paid no mind to her husband, sitting on their bed, as she dressed and left the room. Once gone Fabresio stood and returned to the entrance of the bathroom. Maria was cleaning around the bath when she noticed him. She stood and looked at him, her wet dress clung to her body, her pink nipples evident through the now sheer material. Fabresio quickly closed the gap between them. Their lips met, their hands explored each other's bodies. Fabresio slowly pushed her till her back was up against the wall. With both hands he gripped her dress, just below her neck, and tore. The fabric ripped from the neckline to her belly button. He slid his hands over her slick, plump, flesh, twisting at her nipples and grabbing her belly. He pulled the bottom of her dress up until he could feel her pussy. She moved her right leg and set her foot on the wall around tub. He pulled away from their kiss and began to nibble at her neck and ear. He massaged her clit with his fingers while finding her breasts with the other hand. Though he had just sank his fingers in, he could feel her juices flowing.

"Stick them inside me."

Fabresio crouched slightly, taking one of Maria's erect nipples into his mouth. He slid his fingers over her pussy lips, wet from front to back. He pushed his fingers into her, in and out, and massaging now and then. She held one hand over her mouth so her moans could now be heard, the held tightly to Fabresio's hair. 

Then, without removing his fingers, he crouched down to his knees. He licked and sucked on her clit while his fingers massaged. Maria again grabbed his head, she moved her hips, pressing her pussy into Fabresio's face. She grabbed at her breasts, pinched her nipples and ground her pussy harder. 

Fabresio felt the walls of her pussy contract. He pressed his fingers as deep as they could go and wiggled them. He licked as fast and hard as his tongue would allow. Maria's body stopped grinding, both hands held over her mouth. Fabresio felt the walls of her pussy cum around his fingers, her entire body shuttered several times. Maria dropped her hands from her mouth, letting out a loud sigh. Febresio backed away and stood before her. She took a wobbly step towards the tub and dropped to her knees, allowing her head and arms to rest on the marble wall. 

Fabresio knelt behind her, pulling her dress up over her ass with one hand and untying his trousers with the other. 

"Fabresio, isn't this risky? Katrina could return at any moment."

"I'll be quick, I must have you." He slid his cock head along her wet pussy lips. "Are you ready?"

"Yes my love, take me!"

He slid deep inside of her, as his balls pressed against her clit they both moaned. He began a steady rhythm, both his hands gripping her hips tightly.

"Katrina leaves in eleven days." His pace quickened, thrusting harder, he watched as her hips and ass bounced. "I was thinking," he felt his orgasm begin to build, "you and I could have a romantic evening." 

"That sounds," she felt his cock grow larger and harder within her, "amazing!"

He pulled his cock from her pussy and began to stroke. Jets of white cum painted her ass and back. 

"I was hoping you would like the idea. Perhaps we could have dinner, and another evening in your bed?"

Fabresio stood, Maria turned and took his softening cock into her mouth. She slurped her juices and his cum off of him. His cock left her mouth with a pop, she smiled wide.

"Get out of here, I'll clean up." Fabresio tucked his cock back into his trousers and kissed Maria. "I was planning on bathing anyway."

Seven days till Katrina leaves... Late Evening.

"Goodnight dear, I'm headed to the library, I feel I need a good read." 

Fabresio grabbed a candle that burnt on his bedside table. He walked through the long corridors of the fortress, right past the door to the library. He reached Maria's door. He looked both directions, but everyone in the castle slept. After walking into her room he realized that she was not inside. Confused, he walked to the main floor, from the staircase he could see candlelight coming from the great hall. A single light burnt upon the table, but the room was void of Maria. From behind the kitchen door he heard the clatter of dishes. 

The kitchen was lit by both torches and candles, at a large bucket of water sat Maria. She wore her traditional servant's garb. A full black dress with a white apron. In her bent over position her breasts were pushed upward causing her cleavage to look even more appealing. The dress clung tightly to her belly and her hips. 

"What are you doing working at this hour?"

Maria jumped, startled. When she saw that it was Fabresio she smiled.

"I was just washing the dishes, they needed to be done. I've been here for some time, where does the sun set in the sky?"

Fabresio walked towards Maria as he talked, "the sun is no longer in the sky. It would appear as if you and I are the only two awake." 

He stood behind her, placing his hands on her shoulders as she sat up straight. He pulled the strap of the apron up over her head and dropped it. He began to massage her shoulders, slowly moving the dress off of them. As he felt her soft, warm skin he peered down into her cleavage, feeling his cock begin to grow. Her soft moans filled his ears as he moved his hands. One hand to the back of her neck, massaging, the other began to untie the strings on the back of her dress. 

After the strings were untied, Fabresio moved the dress off of her shoulders and down her arms. Her back, breasts and the top of her belly now exposed. She turned on the stool, now facing Fabresio, her heavy breasts resting atop her belly. Her hands began to untie his trousers as she looked up at him. Their eyes met, love and lust burning bright. Eyes locked, she untied his trousers, pulling his stiff cock from it's confines. Fabresio's head rolled back as his member entered the velvety slickness of Maria's mouth. His moans and groans drove Maria faster, slurping and sucking the entire length of his cock. Maria grabbed Fabresio's hands and placed them on the back of her head. She moved her head backwards and opened her mouth wide. The head of Fabresio's cock rested on her tongue. 

Their eyes met once again, Fabresio held her gaze as he slowly pushed forward, his cock hitting the back of her throat. He held it for a moment then pulled out, only to quickly go back in. After only a few more thrusts, Fabresio had established a fast but gentle rhythm. As his cock slid atop her tongue and into her throat, spit began to drip from her bottom lip. It dropped onto her chest, ran between her breasts and onto her belly.

Seeing the spit Fabresio crouched down, placing his wet member on her chest, his balls resting on her belly. Maria placed her hands on the sides of each breast and pushed them together, snugly holding him in place. Fabresio placed his hands on her shoulders and began to move his hips. His cock disappeared as he pulled back, and broke through her cleavage as he pushed forward. Their eyes met as Fabresio moved one hand to the back of her neck, for support, and with the other he lightly pinched and twisted her left nipple. 

Maria felt his cock stiffen. She moved both hands from her breasts to his slick shaft and began to stroke. She moved her lips to the head, but before opening her mouth for him, she looked up and spoke.

"Are you going to cum for me Fabresio? We can't make a mess here, you'll have to cum in my mouth. Do you want to cum in my mouth? Want me to suck out every last drop?"

Her filthy words drove him over the edge. Before Maria could place her mouth on his cock, a single stream shot from it. Landing on her right breast. Maria clasped her lips around the head, sucking with her lips and twirling her tongue. With her hands she pumped jet after her of his warm cum into her mouth. The sound of her hands stroking his wet cock and his moans filled the kitchen. As his climax ended she removed her hands, taking his cock fully into her mouth. She stroked him with her tongue and lips, forcing every last drop into her mouth. 

Fabresio, weak in the knees stumbled and propped himself up a nearby counter. He stood, trousers at his ankles, cock softening, staring at Maria. She ran a finger along her breast, picking up the stray blast of cum, and placed it in her mouth. 

"By the gods, that was unbelievable. Allow me to repay you."

Maria stood and pulled her dress into place. She walked to Fabresio and turned her back to him.

"You can repay me when your wife is gone. For now, just tie my dress."

Two days till Katrina leaves... Just before dusk.

"Maria, fetch me some more wine. Something tasteful this time. A southern red perhaps." Katrina did not take her eyes from her dinner as she spoke to the servant.

Maria did as she was bid, entering the kitchen and walking to the cellar. 

Fabresio looked at his wife, sitting across the table from him. He despised the woman more and more each day. He wished that she would not return from her trip. He wished for himself and Maria to be wed. But how? It is unheard of for a lord and lady to leave one another. He thought of Maria, her black dress with red accents. He thought of the low neckline that displayed her pale white breasts so beautifully. He thought of the way the dress hugged her curves. He thought of what his life would be like were Maria his wife. He also thought of the bulge that was growing in his trousers.

"I'm going to run and grab a bottle of mead I've been saving."

"Just have a servant get it."

"Well, I would, but I've hidden it deep within the cellar so it wouldn't be given away at a party."

Katrina scoffed but never looked at Fabresio even as he stood and walked for the kitchen door.

Maria was walking between the casks and racks of bottles when she heard the door open to the cellar open.

"Tell her I'm looking!"

"Right away." Fabresio said sarcastically.

Maria poked her head around the rack and looked at him.

"What are you doing in here? Katrina is upstairs!"

Fabresio walked across the dirt floor of the cellar, towards Maria. "I told her I needed to grab a hidden bottle of mead." He stopped in front of her.

Maria looked down, the bulge in Fabresio's trousers now very evident. "Not in here. Not now. Someone could walk in, and it's filthy, and your wife is waiting--"

Fabresio pressed his lips against hers. He wrapped his right arm around her, pulling her in close. His left hand slid from her cheek, across the exposed skin of her chest. It gripped tightly at her breast before sliding over the curve of her belly, stopping at the bottom, just above her pussy. He pushed his hand inward, rubbing her clit through the fabric.

Maria pulled from the kiss, "we cannot do this!"

Fabresio grabbed both her hips and drove his tongue into her mouth. He pushed her backward and they walked together. The bottom of her ass touched the top of a large cask. Fabresio placed a hand on her chest, pushing her so she was sitting on the cask. She put her arms behind her, stopping herself from laying on the cask. 

"Fabresio!"

He knelt before her, lifted her dress and licked her clit, all in a single moment.

"Aww gods!" 

Fabresio pulled his head back. Maria layed down on the cask, "no, don't stop."

He returned to her pussy, quickly becoming wet with a mixture of Fabresio's spit and Maria's juices. 

"I love the way you eat me! Oohh!" 

Fabresio slid two fingers into her pussy and began sawing them in and out. "And I love the way you taste."

"Fuck! Yes! With your tongue! Right there!" Maria's hips began to gyrate as her orgasm washed over her.

Fabresio stood, wiping her juices from his beard. "Shall we return to dinner then?"

"Fuck me, but be quick."

"As you wish my love." A wide smile parted Fabresio's face as he pulled his hard cock from his trousers. 

Without hesitation he thrust himself in Maria's sopping pussy. As his entire cock became engulfed both let out loud moans. He pulled her legs upwards, so her calves rested on his shoulders and her thighs against his torso. He hugged her knees tight against his body and thrust into her with great speed. 

"Would you like to see your cum on my tits?"

Fabresio smiled wide, "but how?"

"I'll just open my dress a little, you have your fun and then I'll close it up. I can give your wife her wine while her husband's cum runs upon my breasts."

Fabresio's smile did not leave. After only a few more hard thrusts he pulled out. Maria slid off the cask to rest on we knees before him. She pulled the neckline of her dress out and down. She pressed her bare breasts together. As Fabresio stroked himself he looked upon her. Green veins were visible under her beautiful, pale skin. Her soft, pink areola on the tip of each breast. Then globs of white cum painted them. A groan of pleasure escaped his lips as he looked into Maria's eyes. 

Maria pushed his cum downwards into her cleavage and pulled her dress back to where it was. Fabresio closed his trousers. They each grabbed the bottle they had come to cellar to retrieve and walked upstairs.

The evening Katrina left.

Fabresio sat alone at the table in the great hall. The table was set with a beautiful feast lit by candles.

"The rest of the evening is yours, thank you, this looks and smells incredible."

The servant bowed to the lord and left the hall. Just moments after Maria walked in. Fabresio stood and walked behind the chair she would sit in, pulling it out and admiring her beauty. She walked slowly through the hall towards him, never taking her eyes off of him. She wore a red shirt with a low neckline, around her belly a black and red corset. Below the corset a red skirt that reached just above her knees, on her feet were red high heeled shoes. Her hair was pulled back but two curly strands hung on either side of her face. 

"You look incredible." Fabresio said as she sat in the chair.

He sat in his own chair, on the other side of the table.

"You look rather dashing yourself."

Fabresio wore a traditional northern outfit. A black tunic with red accents, around his shoulders hung a bear hide cloak. Around his waste he wore a thick, black, leather belt that held up a wolf hide kilt. 

The two sat, watching one another eat in mostly silence. Until Maria spoke, "do you love me Fabresio?"

"With all my heart, why do you ask in such a way?"

"If you love me why are you still married? Why must we sneak about the castle? Why can we only dine fashionably whilst Katrina is away?"

Fabresio hung his his head, "a lord can never leave a lady, and a lady can never leave a lord. If there were some way for the two of us to be wed, for Katrina to disappear, I would do it without a second thought."

Maria then hung her head, "I know. I just wish it could be so. I am sorry I spoke of it. Let us not dwell on sadness, let us enjoy the evening that we have."

The two finished their dinner, speaking of all the ways life could be amazing were they married. They spoke of Fabresio never having an heir, and how through Maria's womb they could. 

As they finished, Fabresio and Maria stood. They locked arms, as a lord and lady would. Slowly they walked to Maria's bedchamber. Before the door had even closed they began to kiss. Her corset and his cloak fell to the floor. They stood at the foot of the bed, his hand up her skirt and her's up his kilt. He pulled her skirt to the floor and her shirt over her head. She fell to the bed, his hands roamed over her entire body, taking her thick, pale flesh within them. He took her nipples into his mouth, sucking them each for long lengths of time. 

She pushed him off, he stood and she sat at the edge of the bed. He removed his tunic as she pulled at his belt. As the belt and kilt fell his rock hard cock sprung forward. She took it into her mouth and he grabbed each of her breasts. She moved her head slowly but kept the suction tense. She squeezed the base of his shaft with one hand while fondling his balls with her other. She released him from her mouth and spit right on the head. She stroked the spit across his entire length as they locked eyes. He knelt down and kissed her, slowly pushing her backwards onto the bed. She lay entirely on her back, he reached his arms around her, their two bodies pressed against one another. He slowly moved his hips, his cock sliding up and down her wet pussy. Positioning himself, he pushed it within her depths. 

He moved slowly, letting almost his entire length leave her before pushing back in. Maria had one had in his hair and the other upon his back. Her lips only inches from Fabresio's ear, her moans loud and pleasurable. Her moans drove him onward, his pace became quicker and quicker. He pushed himself up so that he was now leaning over her. He took one large pale breast in his hand and pushed even faster and harder. Her other breast and her belly bounced with each of his powerful thrusts. 

He repositioned himself, grabbing onto her ribs, squishing her belly into itself. He thrust even harder still, admiring the way her breasts jiggled and bounced. Their eyes met, their moans in time with his thrusts. Their eyes told each other something that no one else could see. Much more than lust, true love.

"Fabresio, I want you to have all of me, I want to feel your cum inside of me."

Fabresio's face contorted with confusion. 

"There is one part of me that you have not had, that no one has had. That you can cum inside and I will not grow pregnant."

Fabresio now understood what Maria was saying. Without removing his cock he leaned forward and kissed her. "Are you sure?"

"Yes my love."

He pulled out, Maria rolled to her hands and knees and crawled to the head of the bed, her ass and pussy on display for Fabresio. He crawled onto the bed and pushed himself back into her pussy. As he thrust he licked his thumb and began to rub her forbidden hole, before sliding it in. Maria let out a moan. Fabresio worked his thumb in and out, matching the rhythm of his cock. 
