 Landica, Book I, Croft

Chapter III, An Eye For An Eye I

Edmund Delacroix approached the main gate of Harwood Fortress. A guard approached him.

"Who are you? What do you want?"

"My name is Edmund Delacroix, sir. I am here seeking Lord Croft, I wish to become a knight under his teachings."

The guard eyes the young man, he was lean and tall, he just might have the makings of a knight. "Alright then, follow me."

The guard led Edmund through the courtyard and into the castle. They walked their way to the back and entered the greenhouse where Fabresio and Maria were working. 

"My Lord, my name is Edmund Delacroix, squire. I hail from the great forest, on the western border. My village and myself owe our lives to you, if you had not conquered the western realms it surely would have meant our death. I have been training for some time, to become knight to a lord, and I see no better lord in all the realms as yourself." Edmund knelt to one knee, "would you have me my lord?"

Fabresio and Maria looked over Edmund. Tall, lean, tanned skin, light brown hair, short light hair on his face, and large rough hands, the boy certainly worked hard. 

"I accept, guard, take Edmund here to Sir Owyne. Owyne stood beside me every step of the way in the west. He will train you well."

Edmund bowed his head, "thank you my lord."

Only an hour had passed from Edmund's arrival to Katrina's. She entered the greenhouse and whispered in Fabresio's ear. The husband and wife then left, to retire to their room. 

Katrina dropped her robe to the floor, revealing her naked body. Fabresio looked on in contempt. Her breasts seemed even smaller, the bones of her hips seemed to jut out further. 

"Take me Fabresio!"

Thoughts flooded his mind, he had no desire to sleep with this woman, but after years of begging how could he say no? Surely she would realize that something was amiss. He forced a smile and removed his own clothing, and the two climbed into their bed. 

Maria cleaned herself of the mud and dirt. The lord and lady had been gone for some time. Maria assumed Katrina would need to bathe after her trip, she went to her own room and donned the thin white dress she wore during Katrina's baths. She thought of herself and Fabresio sharing themselves in the same bath room and she felt her heart warm and her pussy dampen. 

What Maria saw inside the room however, caused her heart to drop to her stomach. Fabresio's bare ass, pumping up and down, below him lay Katrina. Maria fled to her room, had the evening before meant nothing? Had every word, secret and touch they'd shared meant nothing?

As Maria lay on her bed she had a strange compulsion. A compulsion she had never felt before, a compulsion born of heart break and anger. She removed her thin white dress and donned a large, thick, fur cloak which concealed her entire body, but she wore nothing beneath it. After slipping on a pair of boots she marched to the guard tower where she found Sir Owyne and Edmund training.

"I am so sorry to be a bother Sir Owyne, but Lord Croft wishes to speak with the young Edmund." 

"I can't say no you to you lassie, take him. And boy, hurry back." Owyne had a twinkle in his eye as he spoke to Maria, and a thick gruffness in his voice as he address Edmund. 

As Edmund and Maria were out of ear shot, "you are the lord's daughter? Is that correct?"

The word daughter sounded strange after what they had shared with one another. And the Edmund spoke the word 'lord', he spoke it with such respect, respect Maria had lost. "Not by blood." Was all she uttered. 

Maria and Edmund walked into Maria's room, she turned the latched the door closed. "The lord is not here, why these are servant's quarters, I--" Edmund was unable to finish his sentence as he turned to face Maria. She stood in front of the door, her cloak at her feet, her thick, pale flesh on display. Edmund's eyes widened and his trousers tightened to an uncomfortable state. 

"Do you want me Edmund?"

The squire nodded his head, finding it difficult to say much of anything with the beautiful woman standing naked before him. Maria smiled and moved to Edmund, his large, rough, cold hands warmed themselves on Maria's skin as he explored her body. She removed his coat and tunic, letting them fall to the floor. She ran her hands over his lean chest and stomach until she reached his trousers. 

"No matter what happens, even if someone comes in, you don't stop until I say so, okay?" Again the squire nodded. "Good." 

Maria pulled the strings in a quick motion, his trousers fell and his rigid cock bounced out, the tip of it rubbing against her belly. Maria looked down at the cock and spat on it, then with both hands she began to stroke. Moans escaped from Edmund's mouth as her hands slid upon and squeezed his hard cock. Before long she heard a louder moan, his cock grew even harder in her hands and cum began to shoot onto her belly. The squire stumbled back, "I'm sorry, it's just been so long." 

Maria looked at his softening cock with disappointment. "Well, I was hoping for more..." As soon as the words left her lips she became excited. The squire began to caress her body once again, moving her so she was bent over at the side of the bed. She could feel his cock growing harder already. He thrust two fingers into her waiting pussy with ease. 

"Oh yes! Gods you're hard again? Take me!"

Edmund did not need a second invitation, he placed the head of his cock upon her wet pussy lips. He slid it up and down, gathering her juices upon it and rubbing her clit. Then, with his rough hands gripping her hips, he pushed his entire length slowly inside of her. 

Fabresio dried himself as Katrina and the servant left the room. He dressed in comfortable clothes and went looking for Maria, not wanting to spend any longer away from her. She could not be found anywhere, so he went to her quarters. He opened the door, quickly closing it behind him without looking into the room. The sound of flesh against flesh filled his ears, the smell of sweat and sex in his nose. 

"Don't you dare stop!"

"But--"

"Don't, you, dare!"

Fabresio felt his stomach turn, another man stood behind his Maria, gripping her sides tightly and thrusting into. The squire's face turned beet red as he avoided Fabresio's eyes, Maria's face was scrunched in a scowl. 

"What in the gods are you doing??" Fabresio yelled louder than he intended. 

The two made no attempt to stop but Maria spoke, in between breaths, "I saw you with Katrina, I share my bed! Every secret I have! And you fuck her! So you can sleep with anyone, why can't I??"

"Maria, what was I to do? Turn down my wife? Before you and I, I groveled for her, to turn her down, surely she would know. That changes nothing about the way I feel for you!"

"Oh Fabresio, gods I'm sorry, I, I should have known. But, but I can't stop now, gods it feels so good, why don't you come over here?"

Though Fabresio's stomach still felt upside down, the sight of another man and Maria did cause his trouser's to tighten. Fabresio removed his clothing and sat on the bed, just in front of where Maria was bent over. Fabresio placed the head of his cock inside of her mouth. Edmund's thrusts moved her body forward and back, forcing Fabresio's cock to her throat and back out. Though aroused by the situation Fabresio still felt a sense of anger toward Maria, he decided to release his anger by treating her rougher than he had before. He grabbed her hair, moved her head in rhythm and began to thrust his cock into her mouth. She gagged as he hit the back of her throat, saliva poured out of her mouth, coating his cock, balls and dripping down his ass. Maria shifted her arm so that her finger touched Fabresio's asshole, her cleavage was now visible, her large white breasts bouncing back and forth in time with Edmund's thrusts. Maria and Fabresio locked eyes for a moment, without words both agreed with pushing one another further. Her finger pushed into his ass and he began to bob her head faster up and down his cock. Maria's finger pushing in and out soon matched the rhythm of Fabresio's cocking hitting the back of her throat, Fabresio moaned loudly. He felt his orgasm begin to rise but he wasn't ready. 

Fabresio pulled Maria's head upwards from his cock and moved further away from her on the bed, causing her finger to slip from his ass. Without needing words Maria crawled on top of him, leaving Edmund where he stood. She gripped Fabresio's cock underneath her and moved until he slid into her wet pussy. Their lips locked together, her belly and breasts pressed against him. Her whole body moved up and down his, her pussy slid up and down his cock. 

Her head turned towards Edmund, her eyes locked onto his cock, "come here, I'm sure you kind find somewhere to put that."

The squire climbed on top of the bed and knelt behind Maria's body, slowly rocking back and forth. As she rocked back, engulfing the entire length of Fabresio, she felt Edmund's cock head poke at her ass. Each time she rocked back the pressure grew greater and greater. His cock still wet from her pussy eventually slid into her ass. But this time, as she rocked forward, Edmund moved forward as well. When she rocked back, both cocks entered her in their entirety. Ever member of the threesome let out a moan as Maria stayed with each cock wholly inside her, she had never felt so filled in her life. The men were equally pleased, having a cock in the opposing hole made the one they inhabited even tighter. 

Maria began to grind her hips up and down, Edmund gripped her hips and Fabresio wrapped his arms around her mid section. 

"Oh gods! It's too tight, I'm going to cum!" Maria could feel Edmund's cock grow even harder inside of her ass. 

"He's going to cum in my ass Fabresio. Is that okay?"

Fabresio kissed Maria deep and sensual. He began to rock his hips underneath her, hammering his cock into her. 

A loud moan came from Edmund's mouth as gush after gush of his hot cum spilled inside of Maria's ass. He fell onto the bed next to Maria and Fabresio, his cock covered in cum and standing straight up. 

"Maria, I think you need to clean him off." 

Maria climbed off of Fabresio and stood at the edge of the bed. She bent over Edmund, her tits on his thighs, her belly on his knees. She began to slurp as his still rock hard cock. As she sucked she felt Fabresio's cock head press against her ass. Edmund's cum lubed his cock as he pushed in.

"Oh yes, gods Maria you feel amazing."

Fabresio slowly pumped his cock in and out of her ass. Edmund had grown soft in Maria's mouth. 

"Fabresio, lay on the bed, Edmund, get up."

Both the men did as Maria told them. She positioned herself with her back towards Fabresio and crouched down allowing his cock to slide back into her ass. Her hands fell next to Fabresio's shoulders, her back above his stomach and chest, her hair almost hanging down on his face. Edmund needed no instruction he crawled on the bed and began to lap at Maria's pussy. 

"Yes Edmund, make me cum while I ride my lover. Make me cum!"

Fabresio reached around Maria and grabbed her large white tits, he tweaked her nipples and began to move his hips in time with her's. His cock drove entirely into Maria's ass with each stroke. Edmund pushed two fingers into Maria's pussy as he licked and sucked her clit. His fingers matched the rhythm. 

The fingers in her pussy, the tongue on her clit, the hands on her tits, the cock in her ass, Maria felt her orgasm coming on. She sat down hard, forcing Fabresio's cock deep inside her. Her pussy walls spasmed so hard her ass did as well. Fabresio's orgasm had been building for some time, the spasming walls of her ass drove him over the edge. He came deep inside of her, the thick shots of cum only forcing her to cum even harder. 

Maria and Fabresio lay on the bed together as Edmund dressed. "You keep your mouth shut, and I'll make sure you become a knight."

Edmund bowed low, "thank you my lord." And then departed from the room. 

Fabresio turned towards Maria, a devilish grin on his face. "So now you have had your ecstasy, the pleasure of two men. You know what they say, an eye for an eye."

"And where would we find a woman to keep our secret?"

"The brothel of course."

Maria giggled and the two kissed. The kind of kiss Fabresio believed a man and wife, who were truly in love, would share. 

"You think of an excuse, and I'll come along. Now get going before someone realizes where you're hiding!"

Another sensual kiss and the lord was dressed and gone.