 Landica, Book I, Croft

Chapter V, The Coastal Empire

"I'll be leaving for the Coastal Empire tomorrow. They're planning a journey in the mountains east of the dessert. I have expertise in traveling unknown lands, that's why I'm going." Fabresio was losing his patience with Katrina's questions. He walked to the castle's library in the hopes that when he returned Katrina would be asleep. 

He awoke the next morning, hurriedly dressed and packed what he would need and made his way to the carriage. 

Sir Edmund sat at the helm with the horse's reigns in his hands, before Fabresio could ask, he answered his question. "She's already inside my lord, just waiting for you."

Fabresio smiled and jumped into the carriage where Maria waited. The next several weeks were spent inside the carriage and at fine inns. On the eve of their arrival, the conversation changed. 

"The stories of the Eastern Realm, the Coastal Empire, are they true?"

Fabresio laughed, "you'll have to be more specific than that. A great many story and rumor come from the East."

Maria blushed, "the stories of their... sexual freedom?"

"Oh, those stories." Fabresio turned on the carriage seat, his lips next to Maria's ear and his hand pulling her dress up. In her ear he whispered. "They are as free as folk can be." He began to rub her clit very gently. "They care not of stature, relations, or marital bonds. Nor does hardly a soul know who we are." He pushed his fingers inside of her and began a rhythmic motion. "We will be free to do whatever we wish."

"What do you mean by relations?"

"Brother and sister, mother and son, father and daughter." With the last phrase they locked lips in a deep, sensual and lustful kiss. She came on his fingers and moaned into his mouth. He pulled his fingers from her and she grabbed his hand, bringing it to her tongue. She licked him clean of her juices and they kissed once again. 

They awoke in one of the finest homes the Empire had to offer. Fabresio donned his finest clothes while Maria lay in bed and watched. 

"I will return this evening, we will see the sights that the Empire has to offer. Enjoy the day, rest, relax." He strode to the side of the bed and they shared a kiss. 

Fabresio entered their lavish rental house holding a small box. The lovers smiled at one another as Fabresio set the box at the foot of their bed. 

"A present for you." From the box he pulled a dress, the fabric was thin and colorful. "It's all the rage with the Eastern women, I thought you might like it."

"It's beautiful Fabresio!" They shared a kiss and Maria walked to the bath room with her new dress in hand. 

As she back walked out Fabresio's jaw dropped. The dress was primarily yellow with areas of red and blue. There were no straps, the fabric was tight around her large breasts, it only covered half of them and her nipples were nearly visible through the fabric. Below her breasts it hung loosely down to mid thigh. 

"You look beautiful," Fabresio held out his arm and Maria took it. "Let us see the sights my love."

They wandered aimlessly through the streets, they tasted wonderful food and drank exotic drinks. The streets of the Coastal Empire were alive well into the night, music was played on every corner. The lovers took it all in, kissing all the while, each very fond of their freedom in a place where no one knew who they were. 

After many drinks and celebrating Maria and Fabresio found themselves in a quiet part of the city. Before them a dimly lit doorway, above which was inscribed with a language Maria did not recognize. 

"Can you read that? What's it say?"

Fabresio, thinking back to his lessons, "the hall of...forbidden? Yes forbidden, love? Sex? Fucking? I don't know what the last word is, something like that."

"A hall of forbidden love, yes I've heard rumors about them. Dens of sex."

"Want to go inside?"

They looked at each other and she giggled, "why not?"

They walked inside to see a short hallway with a door at the end. On the left was a bar just like a tavern, a middle aged man stood behind the counter. "Ten for each."

Fabresio placed twenty gold pieces on the bar and the man placed a small vial full of blue liquid next to the coins. "Never stop, no babies, ten more." 

Fabresio looked at Maria, she whispered in his ear. "We could cum together, I hear it's the greatest pleasure." She slipped his tongue around his ear as he placed another ten coins on the counter. The man grabbed them and pointed toward the door with a knowing smile on his face. Fabresio gulped down the potion and they walked through the door. In the center of the room was a very large, very low bed surrounded by large fluffy couches on three sides. A women lay, clearly satisfied, on the bed and a man walked away from her. He and Fabresio locked eyes and the man closed the gap between them. 

"Long way from the north aren't you, Lord Croft?" Maria's eyes widened in horror. 

"I would say the same for you, you Temurian bastard! Go meet his woman Maria, we'll be right there."

The man in front of Fabresio was built like ox. He had long blonde hair in a braid down his back and a blonde beard also tied in a braid. "I notice the woman with you is not your cunt of a wife, finally taken a mistress then?"

Fabresio looked at Maria with loving eyes, "much more than a mistress Finnur, much more. And I see you seem to have become enthralled by a Druid?" Fabresio nodded toward the woman on the bed. She was short, had long red hair and pale, white skin. Her body was small and petite, which made her sizeable breasts and ass look out of place. Over her entire body were blue tattoos. 

"Aye, Sorcha's her name, she's a hell of a good time. Come on enough introductions let's have some fun huh?"

"Wait, the potion, did you take it?"

"Of course!"

"And it works?"

"Like a fucking charm! Move cum in her three times, still hard as iron! Plus, don't have to worry bout no kiddies coming from it neither!"

"Perfect." A wide grin broke across Fabresio's face.

The Temurian and Fabresio walked to the bed where the two woman lay kissing one another. "Maria, this is Finnur, he was by my side during the Western Wars, don't worry, his lips are sealed. And this is his Druid lover Sorcha." Fabresio looked at Finnur and Sorcha, "may we have the bed alone for a time? We have yet to experience one another...fully." 

The couple smiled and resumed their raunchy activities on one of the couches.

Maria lay on her back and Fabresio crawled on top of her until their faces met. They kissed deeply as Maria removed Fabresio's tunic. They rolled over, doing so forced Maria's breasts to fall out of their confines. Fabresio held them and squeezed as Maria kissed her way down his chest. She moved to his trousers and threw them to the floor, his cock sprung up, hard as iron. She pulled her dress all the way off. In one motion she swallowed his entire cock and looked up into his eyes. She released him and crawled back to his face and their kissing resumed. He prodded her moist pussy lips with his spit covered cock until he slipped in. She moaned into his mouth and he into hers. They established a slow rhythm, each of them moving very little. Then they rolled once again so that Fabresio was on top. He knelt on his knees and grabbed her legs, pushing himself entirely inside of her. She moved a hand down and started to rub her clit. Almost immediately, in the deepest part of her pussy, Fabresio could feel the walls begin to squeeze. With each thrust she gripped the head of his cock. As he thrusted onward more and more of her pussy began to tighten, eventually gripping him fully. Their orgasms began simultaneously, he moaned deep and loud as she screamed in pleasure. Her pussy gripped and released in unison with each blast of his cum into her. The only movement between the two of them were Maria's fingers rubbing her clit, Fabresio had ceased thrusting allowing her orgasming pussy walls to do the work. Then their moment ended, he collapsed atop her, both were out of breath from their perfect experience. He rolled off of her, they laid side by side on their backs and looked into one another's eyes.

"I love you Maria, that was incredible."

"I love you too Fabresio."

They kissed one another, deeply, forgetting the other couple in the room, but not for long. 

"Oi there old friend, mind if I have a go?"

Maria turned her head to look up, Finnur was standing at the edge of the bed over her, his cock within reach over her face. He wasn't quite as long as Fabresio but he was thicker. 

"Well that's all up to her." 

Maria looked at Fabresio and smiled, not saying a word. She reached up with both hands and grabbed the cock above her. Fabresio climbed off the bed towards the couch where Sorcha sat. 

Fabresio ran his hands over her pale, tattooed skin. She was short and petite but her breasts and ass, though not very far above average, seemed very large on her. Above her pussy was a small mound of red pubic hair. He groped at her tits with one hand while fingering her wet pussy with the other. She wasted no time swallowing his cock.

Maria stroked Finnur's thick cock as he ran his hands over her large breasts and belly, grabbing and squeezing at her flesh. He knelt lower so that his balls were right at her mouth, he reached lower so that one of his hands reached her wet clit. Never ceasing her stroking she began to lick and suck at his balls, now both hands had reached her pussy. One at the clit, one pressing fingers into her.

The door opened as two new patrons walked inside. Both dark skinned, from the Cariffan Islands. As they undressed Fabresio and Finnur gasped. Maria sat up, Sorcha moved her head. 

"By the gods." They all said in unison. 

The man was very dark skinned, tall and lean but very muscular still. He didn't appear to have any hair on his body except for very short head hair. Hanging between his legs was the biggest cock any of the others had ever seen. His female counterpart was equally awe inspiring. She looked like the painting of a fertility goddess. She was as tall as Maria, her breasts were enormous and though they sagged quite a bit they still held their perkiness rather well. Her ass was equally impressive, absolutely enormous. Her skin was not as dark as the man's, her hair was quite long, dark brown and curly. A layer of plumpness covered her whole body, primarily at her belly and her thighs. 

The man spoke, "I am Chaka, this is Thalente." 

Fabresio spoke for the other four, pointing at them as he went. "I am Fabresio, this is Sorcha, that is Finnur and that is Maria."

Chaka and Thalente's eyes followed where Fabresio pointed and they smiled at everyone. The large man spoke once again, "tonight will be a good night friends."

Thalente knelt in front of Chaka and slurped his huge, black cock into her mouth. She took his cock very deep and, with some effort, swallowed him. She picked up her pace, her tits, belly and ass all jiggled with her movements. 

Maria and Sorcha got on all fours, looking at the dark skinned couple, their asses at the edge of the bed facing Fabresio and Finnur. Finnur pushed his thick cock into Maria's wet pussy and Fabresio did the same to Sorcha. Each man grabbed the woman's hips and thrust in rhythm with Thalente's head movements. Maria's pussy was still sensitive and tight from her orgasm, Finnur's thick cock felt even thicker inside of her. Fabresio grabbed at Sorcha's breasts, pinching her nipples. The sensation on her breasts made her even more lustful, she began to move back towards Fabresio with each thrust. Her ass slapped against his hips. Maria followed suit, Finnur bent down, wrapping one arm around her belly and grabbing a breast with the other. 

All in one moment, each man in the room came. Thalente did not release Chaka's huge cock from her mouth, his cum went straight down her throat, so much cum that it began squirting out the sides of her mouth. Fabresio did not release his hold of Sorcha's nipples but he stopped moving. Sorcha forced the cum into her pussy with her own movements. Finnur thrust harder and faster as he emptied his balls into Maria. 

Maria got off the bed and sat on the couch, legs spread, hand on her clit. Chaka walked to her, his large black hands grabbed her pale, thick belly. They grabbed her tits and her hips. His fingers went inside of her pussy. Sorcha stood behind Chaka, she reached around and grabbed the enormous black cock with each hand.

Finnur led Thalente to the bed, he lay on the bed and pulled her atop him. Her enormous tits hung on his chest as she moved back ever so slightly, allowing the thick, white cock to enter her wet, black pussy. Finnur grabbed her tits, pulling them to his mouth and sucking on her nipples one at a time. Fabresio crawled on the bed and grabbed her ass. He squeezed and jiggled the malleable flesh before pushing a finger into her asshole. She began to ride Finnur even harder. 

"Come here, let me get your cock nice and wet, I want to feel it in my ass."

Fabresio moved to her head, she swallowed his cock with little effort. She bobbed her head, taking his entire length each time. She pulled her head away and looked up at Fabresio, her eyes said it all. He moved behind her and slid his sloppy cock into her ass. The islander moved her whole body back and forth, impaling her self on the two northern cocks each time.

Chaka sat on the couch next to Maria, and Sorcha sat on the other side. The two woman wrapped there hands around his cock. Only with all four hands were they able to grasp his entire length. They each got on their knees on the couch, facing the enormous cock. Maria moved first, moving her mouth to the cock. Sorcha held the cock at the base, one hand above the other. Even as Maria tried her hardest she was only able to get half of the cock into her mouth and throat before she gagged and coughed. Her spit dripped down onto Sorcha's hands. The women switched places. Maria grabbed the base with one hand and his balls with the other. Sorcha could get no more of the cock into her mouth than Maria had. The women continued switching between sucking and stroking the massive black cock, until Maria wanted more. She climbed on top of the islander, Sorcha held his cock straight up as Maria slowly sat down. As the head entered her she could feel it stretching her pussy. She pushed herself lower, a little over half of the cock inside her, no man had ever been so deep. Chaka grabbed her wide hips, he kissed her, thrusting his tongue into her mouth. With one movement he pushed her hips down and thrust his own hips up, his entire cock disappeared into her. She let out a scream of pleasure. For a moment she didn't move, she just enjoyed the sensation, Chaka's cock was far deeper in her pussy than she had ever felt, his thickness was stretching her pussy in a way even Finnur's couldn't. She began to grind her hips back and forth, the huge cock inside her pivoted reaching even more untouched regions of her pussy. She could feel her juices pouring out of her pussy, saturating the black man's balls. She began to bounce on top of him, this is when Sorcha moved to the floor behind her. Sorcha's hands spread Maria's ass cheeks, Maria felt the druid's tongue lick her ass hole. Over and over, then her tongue pushed inside, Maria gasped. 

"Come Fabresio, your lover's ass needs a hard cock inside of it."

Thalente spoke before Fabresio could move. "One moment northman, don't go yet, I'm...I'm...just about to...to...CUM!!"

The islander's pussy and ass began to convulse and squeeze, forcing both Fabresio and Finnur to cum inside of her. 

Fabresio pulled out and walked behind Maria. Thalente rolled off Finnur so that she was on her back, he stood and walked towards Maria as well. Sorcha walked to Thalente. The Druid grabbed the islander's huge tits, she slapped them together and pinched at the nipples. Sorcha then crawled onto the bed and knelt over Thalente's face. Sorcha lowered herself down so that her own face ended up between Thalente's legs and her clit ended up at Thalente's lips. Each of the woman began to lick, suck, and nibble at the other's clit. Thalente's arms wrapped around Sorcha's legs, her hands grabbed the Druid's ass, a finger slipped into her asshole. Sorcha wrapped her arms around Thalente's thick thighs and ran her fingers through the islander's cum soaked ass and pussy.

Fabresio crouched behind his lover who was bouncing on the biggest cock either of them had ever seen. He positioned his cock head at the entrance to her ass, placed both hands on her shoulders, and started moving forward slowly. The head entered her, her ass was even tighter than usual with the enormous cock in her pussy. He pushed further until he was engulfed. He matched his thrusts to Maria's bouncing. He could feel the movement of Chaka's cock against his own. Maria had never felt so stuffed full before, and then Finnur stood beside her and Chaka on the couch. His thick cock just inches from her mouth. She opened her mouth for him and he pushed inside. Her grabbed two handfuls of her hair and thrust. She could taste his cum and Thalente's pussy on his cock. He pushed to her throat. It didn't take long, each of the three cock's stiffened inside of her all at once. Her ass and pussy stretched even further as Chaka and Fabresio thrust even faster. The first to cum was Chaka, she didn't believe it possible, but the fit got even tighter as his cum filled her up. It poured out of her pussy onto his balls. Next was Fabresio, shooting his cum as deep as he could into her ass. She stopped bouncing, Fabresio stopped thrusting, but Finnur did not stop. He pushed as deep as he could and pulled her head toward him, his cum shot right down her throat. 

The three men got off the couch and Maria fell to her back, exhausted. Sorcha walked to Maria, got on the couch, on all fours, and started licking the cum from Maria's ass and pussy. Sorcha turned her head away, "come Chaka, I want to feel that monster inside of me."

Sorcha returned her tongue to Maria, Chaka knelt on the couch and slowly pushed himself in Sorcha. Finnur nudged Fabresio, "now that's gorgeous isn't it?"

Thalente walked to the couch, she crawled above Maria and pushed her pussy onto her mouth, with her ass facing Chaka. "That's even better!"

Finnur climbed into the orgy and slapped his cock between Maria's tits, she pushed them together and he began to thrust. Fabresio moved to the edge of the couch and placed his cock between Thalente's huge tits. He grabbed them and pushed them together, his cock vanishing completely in the brown skinned buxom. 

Sorcha moaned into Maria's pussy, Maria into Thalente's. Then all at once, the orgasms began. Sorcha's pussy tightened around the black cock stretching her out, her moans grew louder. Her orgasm triggered Chaka's, he released another unbelievable amount of cum into the Druid's pussy. Maria began to moan as Sorcha pushed her fingers deep within her. Finnur's cum blasted from his cock, covering Maria's neck and face. Thalente moaned loudly with her eyes fixed on Fabresio. Fabresio's cum shot out of her cleavage as he too came. 

Fabresio and Maria wound up laying on the bed. He on his back, her curled next to him, her head on his arm. Their heads turned toward each other and their eyes locked. She smiled, he kissed her. 

"That was wonderful my love. I love the East, no one knows who we are here." She snuggled up to him. "I wish we could stay forever, do you really need to return? Surely Katrina won't notice your absence."

Fabresio's face took on a somber expression. "We must return Maria, I too wish it could be different. I too wish we could be together as we have been these last few weeks. But I do not see a way, unless-" 

Fabresio and Maria were removed from their own private world but a slurping sound. They each looked down to see Sorcha sucking on Fabresio's cock. Maria became jealous, she looked past the Druid. Finnur sat on the couch with his cock in Thalente's ass. She faced away from him, in front of her was Chaka with his cock buried in her pussy. 
