 Landica, Book I, Croft

Chapter VI, The Plot

Fabresio walked and stood beside her. "What's going on?"

"I love you Fabresio, I love you more than I should, I know that. I'm not saying I don't enjoy what was happening in there, I did." She paused and looked meaningfully into his eyes. "I love you. All those other people, Edmund, the whore, they aren't a part of my love for you. I can't keep doing this, I won't be your mistress. I will be your lover, but only if it is true."

Fabresio's head hung in shame. The cogs of his mind spun. He looked silently at the tide and the moon. "The Druid. Katrina. I know what to do." He knelt in the shallow water and took her hand in his. "Maria, will you marry me?"

She pulled her hand away from his angrily, "this isn't a joke!"

"I'm not laughing." He again grabbed her hand. "The Druids have powerful magic. Magic that can kill someone, over time. We will have Sorcha kill Katrina, after I mourn, I will court you. After I've courted you we will marry. We will be free of the secrecy. Free of the lies. Free of the other men and woman. We will be wed, we will shout our love for one another from the mountains. All will see us, all will see our love."

"Fabresio we can't, we would be killers. Killers in cold blood!"

"I would see the death of ten wretched women the likes of Katrina if it meant you as my wife. Please Maria, I can see no other way."

She was motionless, silent, clearly deep in thought. 

A long pause later, "you couldn't just court another as soon as your mourning is over."

"I could! It would be expected of me. A lord without a lady is hardly a lord at all."

"And your lady being a servant? A servant once seen as your daughter!"

"Shit on what they think! Shit on what they say!" He stood up and held her head in his hands. His eyes peered deep into her's. "Marry me. Marry me Maria,and let the past be the past. The future be the future! A future with no ails! Just you and I! Please, Maria."

Another long pause. "Okay." She smiled wide, "okay!"

He pulled her head toward his and they kissed. They kissed again and again, each time pulling away to look at each other.

"I don't want to go back yet, I've never seen the ocean. It's beautiful." 

"If you've never seen it than surely you've never swam in it." Fabresio smiled and laughed. He pulled his tunic over his head and pulled his wet trousers off. He threw his clothes on the beach and ran into the crystal clear water. He made his way further from the beach and dived underneath. He emerged smiling, "well aren't you coming in?" 

Maria pulled her dress over her head and threw it to the sand. She walked slowly towards Fabresio, letting the water engulf her body. They stood with only their toes touching the ocean floor and only their heads above the water. Fabresio grabbed her and brought his lips to hers. She put her arms around him, then her legs, he held her. He spun, their laughter carried across the water, he lost his footing. They were submerged, both unwilling to release the other. They floated in between the surface and the ocean floor, and they kissed. There was no sound, no light penetrating their closed eyes. There was no Coastal Empire or North. There was no Landica at all, just the two of them, embraced, lips locked, weightless, and entirely free.

Both were unsure how long they spent frolicking in the water, but eventually they wound up on shore. They held each other close, Fabresio looked into her brown eyes, they seemed to be sparkling in the moon light. She moved her hand down his slick belly and reached his stuff cock. 

"Still?" She joked.

"The elixir, it hasn't worn off."

She began to stroke him gently, "well then once more, before we begin our plot. Come here."

Fabresio climbed atop Maria, she looked gorgeous, her wet, pale skin looked even whiter by the moon. Her breasts and belly glistened, his slid his hands over her body as he knelt upwards. His slid his cock head up to her clit and down to her entrance. Over and over, each of them moaning.

"Stop teasing me!"

His pushed inward, very slow and gentle. He placed a thumb on her clit and rubbed as he pushed further. He pushed as deep as he could until their bodies were touching, then began a slow rhythm. He leaned forward, pinning his hand between them but never ceasing the movement of his thumb. He took her left nipple into his mouth and his thrusts gained speed. Her right nipple in his mouth, even faster. His thumb on her clit gained speed to match his thrusts. He moved his lips to hers. Their tongues met and they danced within their mouths. 

She pushed him upwards, pushing her hand underneath his. She rubbed her clit and he pushed her legs up. Her knees nearly touched her tits, her back was bent and her pussy nearly facing the sky. He got on to his feet but remained crouched very low. He pushed her legs further towards her breasts and head and leaned forward slightly. His cock was penetrating her perfectly, for each of them. His entire cock entered and left with each powerful thrust. Her screams and moans grew louder each time his hips slapped against her thighs.

"Don't stop, I'm almost there!"

He didn't need her to tell him, he had felt the tightening of her pussy around his member. 

"Don't stop! Don't stop! Ahhh!"

Just as the walls of her pussy gripped him entirely, his balls boiled over. Yet again they felt the greatest pleasure a couple could. Enthralled with one another, cumming together, her wrapped around him, and him inside of her. In their minds the moment lasted a lifetime, even after it passed, the pleasure and joy lingered.

They lay comfortably on the warm sand, waiting for their bodies to dry. 

"I know you've been with Northern women. Surely some before Katrina. I've now seen you with an Easterner and an Islander. Was there ever a Southern woman?"

"There were a few. After the Western War the North and South created a coalition. Each of them guarded the border and they both sent in troops. Since I had been deep in the West I was often asked the best ways to travel. Often I spent time in the South and well, being a war hero did have its perks."

"During the war, was there ever a Western woman?"

Fabresio paused before he spoke, "only one. She was one of the Warking's slaves. I freed her after I slew him. She insisted that she spend the night with me. I told her she didn't owe me that but she was insistent. I figured she could use a decent meal and, well I... it had been quite some time. She was gone before I awoke, I never saw her again."

"An elf? An Orc?"

"Never an elf and by the gods why would any man ever sleep with an Orc?"

She giggled, "just curious."

"And what about you?"

"There were a few boys from the city. Never anything exotic or serious. It was hard to find much being a servant."

"Do you resent me for that? Not being able to find anyone?"

"Not being able to find anyone? I didn't need to leave Harwood to find the man I love."

"Good. Come, I think we're properly dry and I don't want to miss them."

They arrived at the forbidden hall just in time. Sorcha and Finnur had just walked out the door. 

"Sorcha, may we have a moment?"

The Druid with the long, red hair and pale skin turned toward them. "Of course, what is it?"

Fabresio and Maria stood very close to her and he spoke softly. "Stories tell of Druid's power, power to take a life. Not instantly, but over time. To appear as, a sickness. Are these stories based in truth?"

"Indeed they are. What use are such powers to you though, my Lord?"

"My wife. I need her gone."

"Ha!" Finnur laughed loudly. "Good! The cunt deserves it!"

Everyone shushed him at once and he fell silent but the smile did not escape his face. 

"I can do it if that is what you wish."

"We do." Fabresio and Maria spoke in unison. 

"When do we leave?"

"First thing tomorrow, will you be our traveling companions?"

"It would be an honor my Lord." Sorcha bowed slightly to Fabresio and the two couples went their separate ways. 

The trip home seemed to take longer. Fabresio and Maria could not stop thinking about their plot and their future. 

Fabresio stuck his head out of the carriage door. "Edmund, take Maria and I to the front gate, then take the carriage and our guests to the stable house and make sure they are not seen."

The Druid had a puzzled look on her face. "Why the secrecy?"

"If anyone sees a Druid here, shortly before Katrina passes. We may be found out," he grasped Maria's hand tightly, "and that's a risk I'm not willing to take."

"Understood." She looked to Finnur, "do you understand that?"

"I'll be quiet as a mouse." 

Sorcha looked at Fabresio, "when you return, bring a lock of Katrina's hair."

Maria retired to her room, Fabresio to his. Each attempting to think straight, though it proved difficult. 

"I'm going to have Maria clean the carriage, unpack our belongings."

Katrina lay on the bed, completely uninterested. Fabresio entered Maria's chambers, without closing the door he relayed his order to her. As she walked past him he whispered, "I'll be there after dark."

He returned to his room, donned his comfortable sleeping clothes and told his wife he would be in the library if she needed him. He secretively grabbed a brush from her vanity. Disinterest, yet again.

He closed the door to the stables very quietly, Maria poked her head from the carriage door. 

"Did you get her hair?"

He held the brush up, "will this work?"

Sorcha walked from one of the horse stalls, "that will work perfectly." She spoke with an ugly smile. She took Fabresio and Maria's hands and led them to the stall. A bed had been made against the wall using hay and covered with clothes from the carriage. In the center of the stall a small fire burned, almost purple in hue. Next to the make-shift bed, a bottle of mead. Fabresio and Maria sat with their backs to the bed, Sorcha, facing them, across the fire. The Druid pulled the hair from the brush and held it in one hand. She pulled at her necklace until a wolf's tooth came into view, she held that in her other hand. She began to speak in a tongue the lovers did not understand. The more she spoke the less it sounded like the words were coming from her, they filled the room, echoed on the walls, they were whispered into the lovers' ears. She held the hair over the fire, as each strand burnt the chanting became louder and more difficult to pinpoint the source. She pointed to the mead, Fabresio handed it to her. The chanting ended. She dropped the tooth so it was again hanging from her neck, with both hands she drank from the bottle. She handed it to them wordlessly, they each drank. 

"It is no longer in my hands. It is in yours, you control Katrina's fate. Lay with one another, think of what it is that you want most, and it shall be." She stood from where she sat and crawled into the carriage.

"What just happened?" Maria was clearly stunned by what she had just witnessed.

"I... I don't know. Regardless, she knows best, shall we?"

"But what did she mean? How are we in control?"

"I'd be a fool to say I understand a Druid's magic. But I believe, if we lay together, thinking of nothing but our future together, our problems will be solved."

Maria looked puzzled and unsure.

"Sit on the bed, think of nothing but our wedding day, and me."

Maria moved to the bed and Fabresio crawled to her. On his knees he kissed her lips. His eyes closed, he envisioned their wedding day. He envisioned their life free of worry, then he felt it and heard it. He could hear the murmuring of a crowd, the music played at weddings. He opened his eyes and in flashes he saw the chapel on the grounds of Harwood Fortress. 

He kissed her neck, envisioned her in her wedding dress on their bed. He kissed downward as he pulled her servant's clothes from her body, he pushed her backward. For a moment she lay on his bed in the castle. 

She felt as if she were in his room, she felt she was laying on his bed. She watched him pull off his finest clothes but when they hit the floor, there was only a sleeping robe. 

He crawled onto the bed and brought his mouth to her waiting clit. He licked, sucked and kissed. He reveled in the scent and taste of his wife. He pushed her legs up, licking her lips open, pushing his tongue inside of her. Her hands were tangled in his hair, when she looked down she saw a wedding ring on her finger. She smiled and pulled his face to hers. What they shared was more than a kiss, it was a promise. A promise to eternally belong to the other. 

As they kissed their bodies moved against one another's, she could feel his hard member pushing against her wet pussy lips. She pushed him upwards so he knelt between her legs. With one hand he gripped her hip, with the other he led himself into her. 

Again they lay in their marital bed, having each other the night of their wedding. The image faded, the chanting could be heard. 

Each of his hands gripped her belly as he drove himself into her. She pulled her arms up above her head allowing her tits to bounce freely. He grabbed both of them and repositioned himself so his head was above hers. 

"I love you Maria."

"I love you too."

He pulled out of her and put his knees on either side of her, resting his ass on her belly. He reached behind himself, pushed his fingers into her, collecting her juices and then began to rub her clit. She grabbed his wet cock with both hands and began to stroke. 

"I won't be inside of you again until we're married. I need to play my part. Let us cum together like this, so we might enjoy our wedding night even more."

She said nothing, but smiled. He rubbed her faster and her smile was replaced by an open mouth, moaning. He pushed two fingers into her and placed his thumb on her clit. She tightly gripped the base of his cock with one hand, only moving a little. She ran the other hand from the head to the base. As her hands sped up so did his. 

They looked into each other's eyes. The ghostly chanting grew louder as their orgasms grew closer. They were on their marital bed, his fine clothes and her wedding dress on the floor. He came first, at first the cum trickled out, then it shot like an arrow past her head. The second shot on her face, then multiple coating her tits. She continued to stroke as she came. Her pussy gripped his fingers but he refused to slow, pushing into her tight pussy faster and faster. 

He laid on his back. The chanting was gone. They were laying on a bed of hay, covered in clothes, in a stable stall. The remnants of a small fire in the center, and a half full bottle of mead.

Every wise woman and soothe sayer in the North had come to aid Katrina. Her fever would not break, no matter what they tried. 

Her husband never once left her side. He grew angry with visitors, paying their last respects. "She'll make it!" He would say. 

He cried. He held her lifeless body in his arms and he cried. 

She was buried at her father's castle. Her husband wore black, he did not shed a tear there. He would not let the world see him weak. But all of the North knew, all of Landica knew his heart was broken.

Very few knew the truth.

Laws in the North state a husband or wife must mourn the other's passing for three months. Three months had nearly passed. Fabresio and Maria had remained true to their promise. They would not make love until they were married. Only once did they almost fail. 

Fabresio remained in his room. His servants brought his food and any papers or decrees that may have needed his attention. His blinds were closed. Only a candle on the night stand. 

Maria was often the servant that catered to his needs. 

He stood from his bath, as he dried his hair the door opened. Maria. Despite her servant's attire Fabresio saw nothing but beauty. And his cock saw nothing but her impressive, pale cleavage. It stiffened instantly.

"Well my Lord, we ought to take care of that."

Fabresio pulled a towel to cover his body and turned away from her. "No Maria! Not until you are my wife."

She turned him around, put her hands together and squeezed her arms towards each other. Her dress fell away from her chest slightly and her cleavage became more intoxicating. "There's more than one way you know."

She dropped to her knees and pulled his towel from him. Looking down he saw her beautiful face and her deep cleavage. His cock grew even harder as she took it in her hands. She wasted no time wrapping her perfect lips around him. She moved quick and deep, letting her spit cover him. Without stopping she grabbed the base of his cock and stroked. With the other she grabbed his balls, they were full and ready for release. She moved her head exactly how he wanted her to. Each time her lips met the fingers wrapped around him. 

They both could feel his orgasm coming. She moved her mouth to his balls, gently sucking them inside one at a time. Her hand on his cock stroked from base to head. Her other hand left his balls, one finger pressed against his asshole. He could feel it, the cum moving through his cock. She moved quickly, her finger went into his ass. Her lips back to his cock, the head entered her throat just as he came. He moaned loudly as she milked the cum from him by flexing her throat and wiggling her tongue underneath. 

It subsided, he sat on the edge of his bath. Before he could say a word Maria stood, with a smile she said, "sleep well, my Lord. You will have to court me soon."

And she was gone.