 Landica, Book I, Croft

Chapter VII, Lady Croft

The mourning was over. Fabresio spent the entire day speaking with his servants. When evening came he aided them in preparing a grand meal. The tables were set but no guests were present. He invited each and every one of his servants to join him. 

"I want to thank you all for your aid in these past months. I know it was easy for none of us to lose Katrina. With that being said, the North expects me to take another wife. I wanted you all to know, I want that wife to be Maria."

All the servants looked at her, her face blushed bright red. 

"I have taken a fondness to Maria. A fondness I hope in time she can feel for me as well. I will try my best to win her heart. If any of you could help with, it would be greatly appreciated. Now enough of my chatter! Let us eat!"

The dinner table became loud with the talk of his news. The girls near Maria told her that she would be lucky to have him. She shot him an angry glance. He simply smiled and raised his cup to her.

As dinner ended he walked to her, "would you join me for a moonlit stroll?"

Once outside, "was there a purpose to that?"

"Yes. Firstly, I love it when you blush. Secondly, the servants must believe our ruse. They must believe that I am courting you, that little was shared between us before now. You must go along with it, tell the girls about us, tell them you're falling for me. If any questions are asked of my infidelity, they will answer the way we want them to." 

Each night for the next month, Fabresio and Maria shared a moonlit stroll. On the last day of the month, just before they went back inside, Fabresio took a knee. He pulled a ring from his pocket. "This ring belonged to your mother. She gave it to me before she passed. She told me, 'you give this to whatever man deserves my Maria.' So I ask you now. Maria, do I deserve to take your hand in marriage?"

She blushed and put her hand out for him. "You do, and I desire nothing else in the world."

The next month was spent planning and organizing the wedding. Finally the day had arrived. Fabresio stood in one of the guest rooms, looking into the mirror. He wore fine, black robes that fell to his knee. The robe buttoned at his waist. Beneath the robe was a fine red tunic adorned with buttons instead of string. He wore black trousers, beneath that a pair of black leather boots tied with red laces. He finished buttoning each button, smiled at himself and made his way to the chapel. Each pew was full to the brim. Barons, Baronesses, Lords, Ladies, and even the Duke of Strom. 

He stood at the front of the chapel, looking outward towards the crowd. Awaiting his bride to enter.

Two young servant girls opened the doors to the chapel. The entire chapel turned to look. Fabresio was immediately reminded of what had sparked his feelings for Maria. Her hair was done up, her makeup done perfectly and her lips bright red. A string of white pearls hung tightly around her neck. Her dress was magnificent. Entirely white and strapless. The top of the dress did not contour to her body, it was a straight line that held snug. It started midway of her breasts, showing off quite a bit of cleavage. He looked at her shoulders and the freckles and smiled. The dress clung to her belly and hips before becoming loose and falling to the floor. 

She looked gorgeous as she walked down the aisle. It had been long and strange road, but here they were. 

The ceremony began and ended normally. Soon the groom, bride and all the guests were inside the fortress. All along the table in the great hall was a feast for everyone to pick and choose from. The ballroom was alive with music and dancing. Fabresio and Maria accepted the congratulations from the present nobility. They made their way to the ballroom. The dance floor cleared as they walked on, a slow song started to be played as they embraced one another and moved to the rhythm. 

"Do you recall? This is how it all began. You and I on this dance floor. The evening you became a woman."

"I do recall, as if it were yesterday. A wonderful evening, only overshadowed by tonight."

The night wore on, Fabresio and Maria always by one another's side. They noticed strangers, strangers who didn't seem to belong. A couple, tall, thin and blonde. They wore white and associated with no one. An elf who appeared to belong better in a back alley than at a Lord's wedding. Another couple, who despite their high class clothes appeared to be from the west. Fabresio grew curious about these strangers but was quickly sidetracked. 

"It's time to retire to our room my love." She whispered in his ear, "I am a Lady now, and I desire very much to be a mother as well." 

Fabresio looked into her eyes with a devilish grin. He stood on the stage. "I thank you all for attending this evening, but it is time for the Lady Croft and I to retire to our room." 

He took her by the arm and they walked proudly through the castle to their bedroom. 

She stood with her back to him, looking at her new bed. He approached slowly, first wrapping his arms around her, then kissing her neck. His lips moved from her neck to her shoulders, his hands from her belly to the laces on her back. As he untied them he licked and kissed her neck, shoulders, and slowly down her back. Once the dress was fully untied he slowly pulled it down, kissing along her spine as he went. The dress fell to the floor and her full body became exposed. He grasped each of her white shoes and she stepped out of them, and her dress. He kissed and fondled her ass cheeks before moving his lips back up to her neck. 

She spun around, grabbed Fabresio and kissed him. Her tongue darted into his mouth but was gone before he could react. They both spun back around and she pushed him on to the bed. He sat at the edge as she got on her hands and knees and crawled towards him. She started at his boots, unlaced them and pulled them from his feet. She moved upwards, her hands finding the buttons that fastened his robe. Her lips finding his, their tongues danced together. She stood pulling the robe off of him. She leaned over, her hands grabbed his belt buckle. Her breasts hung beautifully, so much so that Fabresio couldn't resist. He grabbed each one and squeezed. She remained in the position for only a short time. Once his trousers were free she pulled them from his legs and moved away. Next she knelt on the bed behind him. She started at the lowest button so that her fingers brushed against his stiffening cock. She quickly moved upwards and then pulled his shirt from him. 

She moved backward and pushed his head to the bed. He looked upwards and saw her move her pussy over his mouth. As his tongue met her clit she leaned down and her mouth met his cock. Her belly pressed against his chest, her tits against his stomach. His arms wrapped around her thighs, his hands landing on her ass. He pulled the cheeks apart which spread the lips of her pussy. He drove his tongue harder on her clit and pulled at her lips with his fingers. 

Each of her elbows rested on the bed beside his thighs. One hand stroked the base of his cock while the other held his balls. She slurped half of his cock into her mouth with each movement of her head. But she had to release him from her mouth to let out a loud moan. Fabresio had pushed two fingers into her pussy and began eating her clit with a frenzy. Her hips began to move on their own, pushing her pussy into his face with each thrust. She took his cock in both hands as her whole body began to grind on her husband. His pace quickened, his fingers fucked her faster, his tongue licked her harder. She was drenching his beard with a steady stream of her juices.

Within the depths of her pussy, Fabresio felt her orgasm beginning. A subtle clenching followed my more rigorous grinding. He could hardly move his fingers in and out with how tight her pussy had became. She screamed loudly as her whole body was overcome with pleasure. 

He pulled his fingers from her but did not cease licking, though he slowed. She remained on top of him for a moment, slowly grinding her pussy into him. Then she moved, slowly but with purpose. She turned her body around so that they were face to face. His hard cock rested against her sopping wet pussy lips. 

"I think it's time you gave me a child Fabresio." 

They kissed and without their lips parting he repositioned himself ever so slightly. Just enough so that as he thrust upwards, his cock entered her. Just the head pushed into her wet, tight pussy. She placed her hands just above each of his shoulders. As she pushed upwards, her body moved further down on his cock. Her arms were fully straightened, his hands gripped her hanging tits, her pussy engulfed his cock. 

He moved his hands to her hips, dug his fingers deep into her. His hips moved down as hers moved up, then they thrust towards one another. With each thrust her belly and tits jiggled. He sped up his movements and she stopped moving. He held her hips still and thrust into her, mesmerized by her bouncing tits. Her arms slid behind his head and her body pushed against his. She was laying on him completely, his hands moved to her ass and he thrusted even harder. Her tits were squished up against his chin and his lips kissed lightly at her neck. 

He felt his orgasm building but was not ready. He slowed his movements and slid his hands up and down her ass and her sides. 

"About to cum already?"

"It's been so long, it's so hard to hold it in."

She crawled off of him and went to the head of the bed. She laid down, her head and tits touching the bed and her ass up in the air. 

"Come then my love. Cum inside of me, give a child!"

He didn't hesitate. He placed each of his knees between her spread legs. He gripped his rock hard cock and pushed it inside of her.

"As hard as you can."

He gripped her hips tight, moved slowly at first but quickly gained speed. The sound of skin slapping against skin and her loud, rhythmic moans filled the room.

"Harder!"

He began to thrust harder and pull her ass towards him. His cock hammered as deep as it could into her. His orgasm was coming, he found a way to move even faster. Then the cum was released. He could feel it as moved through his shaft and shot from his head. His paced weakened, unable to move at his previous speed with the pleasure. He slowly pumped into her, each time shooting more cum from his cock. He pulled out, he could see a mixture of his cum and her juices flowing from her. 

He fell to the bed beside her, out of breath, tired and blissful. She lay beside him, her head on his shoulder and her body pushed up against his.

"I love you Maria. Or should I say, Lady Croft."

"I love you too, Lord Croft."

He was awakened by a wonderful feeling at his cock. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and looked downwards. There was his gorgeous wife, with his hard cock in her hands. She looked up to him and they smiled.

"Good morning."

She didn't say a word, she moved her mouth to his cock and slurped him in. The feeling was intoxicating, he felt as if his cock was still tender from the night before. Her lips and tongue were just gentle enough. 

"Wait! No we can't do this, not right now."

She looked at him and teased him with her eyes. She pushed her head downward until his cock hit her throat. She gagged, pulled away and spit on him. She stroked his wet cock with two hands and pulled her mouth away. 

"And why, exactly, can't we do this?"

Just as he was about to answer she squeezed very tightly with both hands. Instead of words leaving his mouth, a moan was all he could muster. 

"That's what I thought."

Just as she impaled her throat on his cock again two servants walked through the door. She jumped next to Fabresio and pulled the covers over her quickly. 

The two servants were young girls who had been very excited for Fabresio and Maria's wedding. They each giggled, "are you ready for your bath my Lord and Lady? Or should we come back later?"

Maria glared at Fabresio, "why didn't you tell me?"

"I tried! Yes girls, now is a perfect time."

The Lord and Lady made their way to the warm water in the bath and sat. Red rose pedals floated atop the water. They sat side by side, their backs against the edge, the fingers of one hand intertwined with the other. The servants poured water over them, washed their hair and their bodies. 

"Thank you girls, if you would leave us. I believe a new husband and wife will use this time to relax."

Both the girls bowed slightly and left. Fabresio turned toward Maria and his hand found her clit. He pushed two fingers on to it and rubbed gently. 

"Perhaps one more time before we begin our day?"

Maria did not answer, her head was laid back against the wall of the bath and a moan escaped her lips. Fabresio rubbed faster and pushed harder. The water splashed around his arm. He stood before her without releasing her clit, with his free hand he held the back of her head. He looked deep into her eyes and she looked back into his. His rubbing became too much for Maria to handle. She closed her legs but even with his hand pinned between her thighs he continued.

"Gods! Stop! Tell me how you want me, I need it!"

"On the wall of the bath, on your side."

She did as he asked, her feet hung over the water and her side rested on the short wall around the bath. Fabresio stood straddling the wall, one foot in the water the other out. The wall was the perfect height, his cock lined up with her waiting pussy perfectly. He pushed just the head of his cock into her. With his right hand he grabbed the top of her thigh, with the left he grabbed her hip. He pulled her toward him as he pushed forward. His pubic bone and balls reached her ass cheeks. Without pulling out he slid his right hand up her thigh, to her belly, up her belly to her tits. He gripped one breast tightly and began to thrust. With each thrust a wet slap echoed around the bath room. His right hand moved back to her belly and took a handful of her flesh and he pushed harder and faster. He bent over slightly, his left hand slid along her spine to the back of her neck. His right hand reached the front of her neck, the forearm in between her tits and his elbow pushing slightly into her belly. He did not squeeze tightly at her neck, just enough to make the experience pleasurable for them both. His speed increased even further. He felt his balls tighten and his shaft stiffen. 

He spoke directly into her ear, "you're going to give me a child right?"

"Yes! Give me your cum! Give it to me Fabresio!"

He did just as she asked, he pumped blast after blast of cum into her. Unlike last time he did not slow, he sped up. He pushed her body towards him with each powerful thrust. He pushed his cum as deep into her as he could. 

They each fell back into the bath and washed themselves again. 

"So what is it that a Lord and Lady do on a day to day basis?" Before he could respond, she added, "besides making babies!"

He chuckled, "let us go and find out."