 Landica, Book II, BadKittyXXX

Chapter I, Bridgette the Bar Wench

In the Southern Realm of Landica. At a city in the region of Brighton. A man walked into the Baron's Hall. The man was large, taller than most, big muscular arms, broad shoulders and a broad chest. His frame tapered slightly down to his hips but his legs were clearly muscular. He had relatively short, dark brown hair that, although slightly unkempt, always seemed to be effortlessly coiffed through any scenario. Be they battling monsters or bedding a woman. Upon his face he sported a short, trimmed beard of dark hair that made his white teeth seem even whiter when he smiled. He wore a plain tan colored tunic, over that a black leather coat which had seen great wear. The buttons were all missing and scuffs were abundant. He wore simple cloth trousers that had patches of brown leather sewn into the knees, thighs and shins. The tunic and trousers were snug to his skin and showed off his muscular build. Strapped to his back was a large greatsword. In his left hand he held the head of a werewolf. 

He dropped the head on the floor before the Baron. 

"Bad Kitty, the legends must be true! Treasurer, pay this man his gold!"

A man in noble's clothes walked to Bad and handed him a heavy purse of gold coins. 

"It's been a pleasure Baron, just let me know if you have any other beasts that need slain, and I'll be here."

Bad walked through the city, due North. Just before he reached the edge he saw a small tavern. He jingled the gold in the purse and decided he had enough for a real bed and few cold ales. He walked inside and went to the barman, "a room please, and an ale waiting when I get back down."

"A dozen pieces, sir."

Bad laid the coins on the bar and the man handed him a key. "First one up the stairs."

The room was drab, a bed against the wall. A small table beside it with a candle atop and a small box of matches. It was stuffy, as if the windows hadn't been opened in some time. He undid the straps holding his sword and leaned it up against the wall. He hung his coat from his sword and walked to the window. He examined the lock and attempted to open it, but it wouldn't budge. 

"Bollocks!"

He whacked the window with his palm to no avail. When he returned to the bar a mug of cold ale was waiting. He finished it in a single gulp.

"Another, Barman."

"Two pieces, sir."

Bad Kitty was heading North, to the Wilderness, where he was born. Spring was nearly upon Landica and Bad loved spring. Spring is when the dryads of the Wilderness find human, elf or orc men to mate with. Bad tried to spend every spring in those forests. It was very lucky to look like Bad did during dryad mating time. 

He thought back to the times he had had. He thought of the dryads, their long brown hair, their slender, youthful, perky bodies. He felt his trousers grow even tighter. He was pulled from his daydreams and looked around the tavern, hoping for a woman who could satisfy his hunger for the evening. The odds looked grim. The tavern was nearly empty, three men sat in the corner at a table playing dice. One bar wench, bent down, cleaned a table. 

"Another, Barman."

"Two pieces, sir."

She wore a long, drab grey, very conservative dress. Despite having her back turned to Bad he could see that she was thin. When she stood he could see the outline of a small, but incredibly round, ass. She turned and walked towards the bar, Bad could now see that she also had a pair of proportional, perky tits. She was very pale and quite tall, she walked awkwardly, as if she didn't know how to handle her own height. She had an air of innocence about her, the way her light brown hair fell over her face. Had she a dark tan and more confidence, she could pass for a dryad. Bad again felt his trousers tighten.

"Hey beautiful!" He called to her. She blushed and looked behind her, thinking maybe the man was speaking to someone else. "Yes you! Come here would ya?"

She walked to him, nervously wringing the rag in her hands. 

"Name's Bad Kitty, what's yours?"

"B-B-Bridgette, sir."

"That's a gorgeous name, for a gorgeous girl. Look, you don't look like you're having too much fun cleaning tables, and I'm awfully lonely sitting here. What say we keep each other company, eh?"

She blushed deeply and looked down. Her eyes must have caught the sizable bulge in Bad's trousers, they opened wide. "Oh my! Um, no sir, see I have to work and I..." She trailed off.

Bad didn't take his eyes off of Bridgette, "another, Barman!"

"Two pieces, sir."

"Dammit!" He turned to face the man, dug into his purse and slapped eight gold coins on the bar. His frustration with the barman was evident, "keep 'Em coming!"

When Bad turned back around Bridgette was gone. He turned towards the bar to see her over the sink, wetting the rag. He watched her as he drank his ale, imagining what the innocent girl looked like underneath the dress and with her hair out of her face. She walked to a different table and again began cleaning. Bad gulped the rest of his ale and placed the mug on the bar. 

"Another, sir?"

"Yeah, just give me a minute."

Bad walked to the table Bridgette was cleaning. She looked up at him, "yes, sir?"

"Bridgette, you see, my room upstairs is awful stuffy, and I can't seem to get the window to open. Maybe you could help me out?"

She was flustered for a moment, unsure of what to do. Her eyes shot to Bad's crotch again. 

"Bridgette?"

"Yes sir, show me to your room, I'll see what I can do."

Bad led the bar wench up the stairs to the first door. He unlocked it and moved to the side, allowing her to enter first. She walked briskly to the window and began to fiddle with the lock. Bad closed the door and lit the candle as the sun was setting. He walked behind her, slightly pushing his large body into her's. His cock pushed against her ass and his chest against her shoulder blades. He reached around her, his large muscular arms up against her's. He pushed on the window but she had stopped trying anything with the lock.

He spoke softly, his mouth right next to her ear. "Bridgette, are you going to help me with this lock?"

Without a word she again fiddled with the lock. The large man had a scent of sweat, hard work and sex. His smell filled her nose and it drove her wild. Her fingers fumbled over each other as she tried to get the lock unhooked. 

Finally the lock came free and Bad pushed the window open. A cool breeze swept through the room and replaced the stuffy feel with fresh air. Bad stepped back and Bridgette turned around. The air was certainly cool, Bad could see Bridgette's nipples poking through the dress. He had a hard time keeping his eyes off of them.

"I need to get back to work."

"Oh come on!" Bad laid on the bed and sprawled out. "I'm at least a little more interesting than a rag and a table, aren't I?" He feigned a sad look in his eyes and stared at her. 

The young bar wench looked up and down at his muscular body. The large bulge in his trousers. The smell of him, she didn't know how to continue however. She did they only thing she knew. She jumped onto the bed and pushed her lips against his. The kiss was awkward, and had taken Bad off guard, but it was a step in the right direction. She started clawing at his tunic.

"Whoa, slow down killer!" He sat up and removed his tunic. She ran her hands over his arms and his chest. 

"Oh my..."

"Here." Bad stood from the bed and moved Bridgette so she was sitting. He knelt in front of her and lifted her dress until her pussy was in view. It looked even pinker than most due to her pale skin. Her hair had been shaved at one point but had grown back a little. He pushed her back onto the bed and moved his head between her legs. 

As soon as his tongue met her clit she moaned and said, "oohh Daddy never does this."

He pulled his head up, "what?"

"Nothing, don't stop!" Her fingers tangled into his hair and pushed his face back to her pussy.

She tasted delicious, Bad got the feeling that she had not been spoiled by too many men. It didn't take long under his tongue for the juices to flow out of her. They wet his beard and stained the bed. 

Bad placed his hands on her knees and slowly up her thighs. They reached her hips and slid under her dress to her stomach. A little further and he felt her ribs. Then each of her small perky tits were in his hands. Her areola were taunt and her nipples hard. He put each nipple between his fingers and pulled them upward, stretching her whole tit just before the point of pain and letting go.

"They're not too small, are they?"

He pulled his head up to look at her, "let's have a look." He moved his hands into her armpits and stood, pulling her with him. He pulled her dress up over her head in a swift motion made perfect by practice. He could finally see her body in it's entirety. She was slender, and though her tits were smaller than he preferred, they were perfectly perky and sat well on her chest. "They look gorgeous on you." 

He leaned over and took one of her nipples into his mouth. Her hands roamed through his hair, over his shoulders, along his arms and down his back. Then, simultaneously, her hands reached the string at his trousers. He pulled away from her tit and looked at her hands as they untied the string. She pulled his trousers down and the largest cock she had ever seen flopped free. His pubic region and balls were completely hairless.

She took it in both hands and felt it harden, "by the gods, it's enormous."

Bad didn't say a word as she started to stroke him. After he was completely erect she squeezed him up and down his length. She squeezed the purple hued head and a small bit of precum oozed out. As if in a trance she knelt, leaned forward, stuck out her tongue, and licked the liquid from his cock. Her tongue didn't stop, she licked all over the head, below the head and down the bottom of his shaft. She reached his balls and slurped them into her mouth one after the other. She moved her lips back to the head of his cock, squeezed the base with both hands and moved her mouth to engulf him. Only a portion of his member fit into her mouth before the head reached her throat and gagged her. She remained diligent, continuing to suck as much of him as she could. She did so very properly, making sure not of her spit left her mouth. 

Bad decided to take control. He put his hands on the back of her head, taking two handfuls of hair. He held her still as he moved his hips backward, letting only the tip of his cock rest on the tip of her tongue. Then, at a medium pace he thrust into her mouth. Just as she gagged he pulled out and quickly pushed back in. Each time he reached her throat spit shot from her mouth over his shaft. He tried pushing too far, dipping deep in her throat. She pulled her head away and coughed as spit dropped from her mouth to her chin. He ran his hand over her chin, gathered the spit and stroked it over his cock head. 

"It's too big, I can't take it in my mouth."

He picked her up and laid her on the bed, her back against the blanket and her pussy facing him. "Let's see if this pink pussy of yours can take any more." 

He pulled his trousers all the way off and knelt. He lined his cock up with Bridgette's wet, pink pussy. She looked down at the massive member about to penetrate her. "Oh gods, I don't know if I can take it."

"You can lovely, you can."

Without waiting for a response he pushed the head against her pussy lips, spreading them wide, and pushed inwards. With just his head inside she moaned loud. He pushed more into her, the walls of her pussy were inexplicably tight. They gripped his cock like they would never release. He began a slow rhythm, each thrust found more of his cock buried inside of the bar wench's tight pussy. 

With three quarters of his cock engulfed, "by the gods, you're so fucking tight!"

Bridgette looked up at him, in between moans, " I'm sure...everyone's tight...when you have...a cock like...ahhh...yours!"

"None like this! Let's try the rest."

"The rest?!?"

He pushed her legs up, slapped them together, and held them with one arm against his shoulder. His other hand found one of her small perky tits. His rhythm increased as he pushed more and more of his cock into her. Her moans turned to screams just as her tight, pink pussy took his entire cock. His rhythm increased, his balls slapped against her asshole, his muscular stomach against her thighs. 

"Oh fuck! Ohh fuck your going to make me cum!"

Bridgette moved her hand in between her thighs and her fingers found her clit. "Just wait, ahh! One moment, ahh! Keep fucking me! Ahh! Here it is! Here it is! Ahhhhh!!!"

Bad didn't think it possible, but Bridgette's pussy grew even tighter. It pushed him over the edge. Everything happened very quickly. He pulled his cock out of her and grabbed it. He released her legs and she spread them for him. He moved forward a little, the head of his cock was just above her belly button. Her hand never moved away from her clit, her head was rolled back and her moans were loud. He only needed to stroke himself a couple times. The cum blasted from his cock, it coated her face, neck, tits and stomach. His orgasm lasted as long as hers. She pulled her hand away from her clit just as he let go of his cock. It fell into a pool of cum on her stomach. 

The bar wench licked her lips, "you're delicious." 

He laughed as he stood and pulled a blanket from the bed. He handed it to her and she wiped herself clean. 

"Let me have another taste." She sat up on the bed and grabbed his cock, pulling it straight to her lips. She took the head into her mouth and sucked the cum from his shaft. Her eyes were closed, her hands on her legs, entranced and sucking away. His cock began to grow hard again. She opened her eyes and look at him devilishly. Grabbing his cock with both hands and pulling her mouth away she said, "again? I want you to fuck me harder this time. I want you to ruin my pussy with this monster. I want you to ruin me for smaller men. Please Bad Kitty, fuck me."

"Gods you're a right little harlot aren't ya? Very well, turn over."

She crawled on the bed on all fours. Her knees on the edge of the bed. Her pussy faced him as he admired her perfect, round ass. He spanked her once, then again much harder. She squealed each time his hand made contact. Bad noticed her height was perfect as he closed in behind her. He didn't have to bend his legs at all for his cock to line up perfectly with her waiting opening. 

He pushed the head in, then a little more. He gripped her hips tightly, put one of his feet on the edge of the bed, and pushed. His entire cock disappeared into the small, not-so-innocent bar wench. She screamed loudly and her arms gave out, letting her head rest on the bed but her ass remained still. He pulled nearly all the way out of her and did it again. Another very loud scream. 

He stopped wasting time and began to fuck her very hard and fast. With each thrust he pushed all of his length inside her. With each thrust her knees slipped a little. Then off the bed they went. He moved quickly as to not disrupt his rhythm. The entire top half of her body lay flat on the bed. Her arms were outstretched and her hands gripped the blanket tightly. Her hips were bent right at the edge of the bed. Her knees may have touched the floor if her legs weren't outstretched. Her toes were the only thing touching the floor. Bad was crouched down and he was relentless. 

Each thrust garnered a very loud scream from Bridgette. "Fuck me harder!"

Bad's speed increased, the sounds grew louder. Skin slapping against skin, Bridgette's loud screams, the bed banging against the wall. 

"Oh fuck, you're making me cum! Don't stop!"

Her screams grew even louder, her pussy constricted around Bad's cock. He could feel his own orgasm coming. 

Then something happened neither of them were expecting. Just as Bad pushed his entire length into her orgasming pussy, the door opened. Both Bad and Bridgette stopped moving and turned to look. Her moans continued and his cock was buried inside her.

The barman stood in the doorway. "Bridgette!"

"Daddy!"

"Daddy??" Two things donned on Bad at the same time. Firstly, he was balls deep in the barman's daughter. Secondly, the convulsions and tightness of said daughter's pussy, were making him cum. 

He pulled out, a long string of cum shot over Bridgette's back. The barman rushed towards Bad. Bad looked at him and backed up towards the window. Another string of cum shot from his cock and landed on the man's smock. He turned around, shooting more cum onto the wall as he grabbed his coat and sword, he threw then out the window. He put both hands on the window sill and kicked his feet over. While twisting in the air through the window, "it was fun Bridgette! Thanks for the ale Barman!"

He landed expertly on the ground two stories below. One final string of cum shot into the dirt. He looked up, the barman had his head out the window but quickly disappeared, surely coming down the stairs. Bad picked up his sword and his coat and started running. 

The sun started to rise some hours later. Bad Kitty walked down the road, sword in hand, naked except for his leather coat. He kicked himself for not grabbing his purse of gold from his trousers.