 Landica, Book II, BadKittyXXX

 Chapter II, Rhoslyn and Tatiana



The sun was high in the sky, noon had come. Bad was nearly to a small cottage, he hoped no one was home. Perhaps he could steal some trousers and maybe even some food. What he found was even better.

 Two woman worked in a garden between the road and the cottage. They were both bent down, one faced the road while the other faced the cottage. The first woman looked up as he walked, she had dark tanned skin and long, curly black hair. She was clearly born in the East. Both woman wore identical, plain dresses, though the dress was much more snug on the first woman. She was chubby and her breasts were enormous. Bad could see down the top of her dress in her bent over position, her cleavage was deep. She smiled at him and stood. He was incredibly impressed by her tits. They sat high on her chest and sagged much less than they should for their size. The dress was snug to her thick belly.

 The first woman turned her head to the second, "Tatiana, we have a guest."

 The second woman stood, Bad saw a bottom heavy hourglass. Her shoulders were slim, her waist slimmer. Her hips however, were very wide, as she turned, Bad could see her profile, what she lacked in tits she made up for with her ass. He was as impressed with the second woman's ass as he was with the first woman's tits. The second woman turned entirely and stood next to the first. She had the same tanned skin, the same long, black, curly hair. The women were most definitely sisters, if not twins.

 Both woman's eyes roamed over Bad's muscular, exposed body, lingering on his cock. The first woman spoke, "now how does a big man such as yourself find himself on the road with no clothing but a coat?"

 The second woman spoke next, "it wasn't highwaymen was it? Those awful brutes!"

 Bad laughed heartily, "it wasn't highwaymen ma'am, it was...well, it's a long story."

 The second woman, with the large ass, spoke again, "I'm no ma'am, you can can call my Tatiana, this is my sister, Rhoslyn." Rhoslyn's eyes did not leave Bad's cock. "Why don't you come inside, you can take a nice bath, have a meal, and we'll see if we've got anything to fit you."

 "I thank you so much Rhoslyn and Tatiana, that would be marvelous."

 The women filled his bath and placed a towel, tunic and trousers next to the tub. Bad took his time enjoying the warm water, thinking of the dryads, then thinking to the fact that he didn't have a gold piece to his name. He would never make it through spring without supplies. The dryads would fuck him, they wouldn't feed him. At that he realized how hungry he was. He stood from the bath and dried himself. He pulled the clothes on. They were certainly not the appropriate size. The trousers only reached down to mid calf. They hugged each muscular curve of his legs, especially his cock. Something ripped as he pushed his arms through the sleeves of the tunic, that only reached just past his elbows. The neckline tore to mid chest as he pulled the tunic down. The muscles of his well defined chest and stomach were entirely visible through the cloth. He looked downwards and scoffed at his apparel but he was too hungry to care much. 

 He walked to the dining room where the sisters were setting the table. 

 "Did you enjoy your bath?"

 "Yes very much, thank you so ladies."

 "Of course. Sit, dinner will be up soon."

 He took a seat at the table and admired the bodies of the two Eastern women as they bustled in and out of the kitchen. 

 Bad scarfed down the delicious stew and poured himself another bowl full. 

 Rhoslyn spoke, he looked at her, her large breasts rested on the table. "So what do we call you traveler?"

 "Oh gods, my apologies, I am Bad Kitty. And while we speak of pleasantries I must ask. You've given me a bath, clothes and a hot meal, what can I do to repay such kindness?"

 Tatiana smiled at him, "well you see, it has been a very long time since we've had a strong man like you around the cottage. Stay a few days, help us around the garden. We have a spare bed and you'll be fed well." 

 Bad thought of the dryads, then he looked at Rhoslyn's tits on the table, remembered Tatiana's gorgeous, large ass. Spring could wait a few days, "it would be an honor!"

 "Then it's settled. I'll go prepare your bed." Tatiana got up from the table and headed down a hallway. 

 After she was gone her sister asked, "so what did you do to end up naked on the road Bad?"

 "I shared an evening with a young bar wench, turned out her father was the barman and he didn't seem to thrilled about my cock in his daughter. I didn't have time to collect all my belongings."

 "Well that is a shame, good thing you found our little cottage then isn't it?" She smiled at him widely as she finished the last drop of her stew, he smiled back.

 Tatiana came back from the hall and looked at her sister's smile, then at Bad's smile. She glared at her sister but she spoke to Bad, "your room is ready. Sleep well tonight," she looked at him with a hidden meaning twinkling in her eyes, "big day tomorrow." Her emphasis on the word 'big' was confusing at best. 



Bad Kitty was awoken the next morning by the blankets being pulled from his naked body. He opened his eyes to see the light of the sunrise coming through the window and washing over Tatiana. She wore a similar dress to the one she had the day before. This dress was slightly different though, the skirt portion was much tighter, it hugged her large ass, wide hips and thick thighs. It also only fell to her knees.

 Her eyes roamed his naked, exposed body, his cock twitched. He could see in her eyes that she had seen it and the slightest smile parted her lips. "Rise and shine big guy, there's work to be done." 

 She watched him as he dressed in the clothing that was far too small. She payed especially close attention to him cramming his cock into the trousers and struggling to tie them closed.

 They walked across the land around the cottage to a small shack in the distance. Bad had noticed something the night before, a jealousy between the sisters. Neither of them seemed to like it when the other spoke to him. He decided to see if he could capitalize on that fact. 

 "So will your sister be joining us today?"

 An ugly smile parted her lips, "no. She's ridden to town, probably won't be back till late." 

 "Ridden? Do you ladies have a horse?" This wasn't a part of his plan, but could come in useful.

 "Yes, we have one, young and strong."

 "Well good. See, I didn't want to say this in front of her, I thought she might get jealous." Tatiana stopped walking and looked at him, waiting. "But, you are, without a doubt, the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. The gods must smile on me to have led me to your cottage."

 Tatiana blushed deeply and wrung her hands together, as if she was unsure what to do with them. "Well you're quite the charmer aren't you? Enough compliments, you've got work to do." The smile did not leave her lips as they continued walking.

 "So what is this work that I'll be doing?" 

 They reached the small shack and she pointed to it. "This is where we keep our gardening tools, but it seems there's a leak in the roof. Rhoslyn and I can't seem to climb up top. But a strong man like you surely could. There's a hammer and nails inside. Follow me to the barn, we have some spare lumber there." 

 She showed Bad the pile of lumber. "It sure is hot today, perhaps you ought to remove your tunic, wouldn't want you sweating through it."

 He made a show of pulling it off, never taking his eyes off of her's. He hoisted some of the lumber onto his shoulder and they made their way back to the shack. He pushed two pieces up on to the roof while she went inside and gathered a hammer and nails. He was tall enough to simply place the hammer and nails on the roof. He grasped the edge with both hands and pulled himself up. He kicked his legs up over and stood. 

 "Well I've found your leak. Do you have a saw? This lumber will be too long."

 "I don't think it's too long." 

 He poked his head over the roof, "what?"

 "Yes, we have a saw."

 She walked into the shack and then handed it up to him. He worked for and hour, removing the rotten wood around the hole, nailing the new lumber down and sawing the lumber where it hung over the edge. The sun had grown hot and Bad's body had a layer of sweat over it. He stood, glistening in the sunlight and dropped the tools to the ground. Tatiana watched him as he climbed down. He turned his back away from the roof, both feet rested on the edge. He dropped one foot off and bent down lower. He heard a loud rip as he jumped down. Tatiana's eyes were glued to his crotch. Bad looked down to see where the tear had occurred. His cock and balls hung freely.

 "Oh goodness, it looks like those weren't quite the right fit for you. Come on, help me put the tools away and we'll find you another pair."

 She pick up the bag of nails from the ground and he picked up the hammer and saw. She led the way into the shack and pointed out where to put the tools. She bent very low, right at the hips, keeping her legs straight. She put the nails into a small box on the floor. Bad put the tools away and turned to look at her. She was staying still, the bottom of her enormous ass cheeks were visible. Bad released an audible groan. 

 "What is it? See something you like?"

 "Yes, very much so."

 "Well why don't you get it?"

 He walked behind her and pulled her skirt up over her ass. Her asshole and pussy were hidden by the large, fat cheeks. A man smaller than himself might not even be able to get past them to fuck her. He silently thanked the gods for his endowment. He squeezed each of the large, tanned cheeks then gripped them and spread them apart. He saw the brown outer lips of her pussy and what looked like a metal loop sticking out of her ass. 

 "What's this?"

 "I was hoping this would happen today, so I prepared myself. Pull it out."

 He hooked a finger through the loop and pulled slowly. The loop was attached to a long, smooth, glossy, phallic shaped piece of wood. 

 "Oh," was all he could muster. Though the piece of wood was thick it wasn't as thick as his cock, he didn't know how much the preparation would help her. 

 "Lick my ass Bad, put your tongue in there."

 He obeyed without hesitation. He pulled her cheeks further apart and knelt down. In one lick he moved from her clit to her ass hole. He licked up and down at her opening, then teased her by pushing at it, but not entering. 

 "Come on, I want to feel it!"

 He pushed inwards, spreading the tight ring of her ass with his tongue. He opened his mouth wide and applied suction, pulling her ass hole into his mouth slightly and plunging his tongue as deep as he could. 

 "Oh yes! Gods that's great! I needed this!"

 He switched it up by fucking her with tongue and reaching into it and licking. 

 "Have you ever had a girl who cums from a tongue in her ass?"

 He shook his head without pulling away. 

 Her body started to convulse and she pushed her massive ass into his face. The walls inside her ass squeezed his tongue over and over. Juices flowed from her pussy not unlike a waterfall. She became still again, "well now you have." 

 Bad stood up, his cock had grown rock hard from the unorthodox, orgasmic display. He grabbed it and slid the head through the juices of her pussy. 

 "We both know that's not the hole you want to fuck."

 He stroked her pussy juice over the head and placed it at her ass hole. "I was just getting him nice and wet for ya."

 With one hand holding his cock and the other pulling one ass cheek out of the way, he pushed. The head slipped past the tight ring and into her depths. She was tight and she moaned loudly. He moved his hands to her wide hips and slowly pulled her towards him. With each passing moment her moans grew louder and more of his cock entered her ass. With half of his cock within her he started to pump, he held her hips tight, stopping her from moving. As he pulled his cock away from her, her ass hole moved outwards slightly, gripped firmly around him. It didn't take much, he could feel her ass hole start to convulse. He stood still and released her hips. She moved all on her own, with each thrust she made backwards she forced more of his cock inside of her. As her orgasm peaked she slapped her ass against his hips, she engulfed him. She moved forward and backward only a few inches, letting the majority of his cock remain deep within her. The juices flooding from her pussy soaked his balls. 

 Her orgasm subsided, she started to move forward to release his cock, but Bad was not yet finished. He grabbed her hip with one hand and the back of her dress with the other. He pulled her backward very hard. He admired the way her enormous ass jiggled with the contact. He pulled at her dress and she stood up, his cock still completely inside her. In her standing position her ass was squished against his pubic region, hips and thighs. His hand holding her dress moved around and groped each of her tits through the cloth. The same hand then moved upwards and gripped her neck. He placed his feet directly behind her's so as he walked forward, she was forced to do the same. His cock repositioned and pivoted inside her ass as they walked together. They walked right to a wall and he pushed her up against it. Both her arms reached up and held onto a shelf. He moved both hands so that his palms were on the sides of her neck and his fingers intertwined around the front just under her jawline.

 He looked down and watched as he slid his cock almost entirely out of her ass. In her standing position her cheeks were squished together, hugging a few inches of his length before it entered her hole. His grip around her neck tightened a little. 

 "Oh fuck, oh fuck you're going to destroy me."

 He slammed forward, she released a loud scream. Her ass bounced and jiggled as his hips slapped against it. He pulled out, then slammed forward again, another scream. His grip tightened, his speed increased, the shack shook as he fucked her entire body into the wall. 

 Her ass bounced nonstop as he pushed himself even faster and harder. 

 "Ahhhh! Fuck! Cumming!"

 He didn't slow in the slightest as her ass hole became one of the tightest things ever to be around his cock. Her juices did not flow this time, they squirted out of her. They drenched his balls, his trousers and the floor. He squeezed her neck even tighter, this time cutting off her air. His cock became even harder and larger, his balls boiled. He released but never slowed. Each time his cock hit her deepest depths another enormous blast of cum shot from it. 

 He pumped the last of his cum deep into her ass and left his cock within her. He released her neck and she breathed deeply. He grabbed the tops of each ass cheek and spread them so he could see his cock buried in her. He pulled out and she fell to the floor panting. Cum oozed from her ass hole down one of the fat cheeks. 

 "You've broken me, I can't even stand."



Bad Kitty was awoken the next day by the blankets being pulled from his naked body. Rhoslyn stood before him, she wore a dress much like the day before, but this dress was more snug, showing off her thick belly and her huge tits. The neckline was also much lower, she bent down, giving him a gorgeous view of her tits. 

 "Time to wake up, you've got work to do."

 "Of course, but, you wouldn't happen to have another pair of trousers would you? I seemed to have ripped the other pair."

 "Just tie everything up with this, it's a hot one today so you won't be needing much." She tossed him a piece of white cloth that was a few inches wide but very long. "Meet me in the barn when you're all ready." 

 He took one end of the cloth and clenched it between his ass cheeks. Then he wrapped it over his cock, balls, ass and around his waist. 

 Rhoslyn was sitting on a pile of hay in the barn. "Our horse has grown quite strong over the past few years and I don't think the stable he's got is strong enough. I've gathered you a hammer and nails, and there's plenty of lumber. Just reinforce the walls best you can."

 While he worked, in between hammer swings, he spoke to her. "So will your sister be joining us today?"

 "No, she's bedridden, said she can't even walk."

 "That's good, see, I didn't want to say anything in front of her. But you are, without a doubt, the most beautiful woman I have ever laid my eyes on."

 Just like her sister, Rhoslyn blushed deeply. "You're not bad looking yourself. In fact, I might have a little reward for you once you fix this stable."

 "Is that right?"

 "Oh, it's right."

 As Bad worked, he continuously bent over and stood back up. This caused the cloth to slowly ride up his ass until both of his perfectly sculpted cheeks were exposed. 

 "Those are beautiful, I'd like to sink my teeth right in!" Bad looked over at Rhoslyn, while he had been working she had untied the string at the top of her dress. The cloth reached just above her nipples, which appeared to be oddly shaped and very hard. "Ah ah ah you keep working."

 He bent and drove the final nail in. As he stood he felt both of Rhoslyn's hands grab his ass. "Mmm, I think it's time for your reward." She found where the end of the cloth was tucked into the rest and pulled. It became loose and fell to the floor. He turned to look at her. Her tits were now completely exposed. Her areola were large and dark brown. He noticed two things about her massive tits. Firstly, even without the support of her dress they still sagged much less than tits her size should. Secondly, her nipples were not oddly shaped, they were pierced. A small golden loop went through each of them. Hooked to each of the loops was a small golden chain, the center of the chain hung down to where he assumed her belly button was.

 "That's...different. What's it for?"

 "Hook your finger in the chain, lead me to the hay."

 He hooked his finger through the chain and walked backwards. The chain pulled on the loops and her tits stretched outwards. He ended at the pile of hay and she slowly laid down on her back. He stood over her, holding the chain up high, causing her massive tits to stretch upwards and defy gravity. From a pocket in her dress she produced a small yellow vial. 

 "Stand over me."

 He moved over her belly, his rock hard cock sticking outwards. She reached up and poured a small amount of oil onto his cock. She wedged the vial between her tits and grabbed him. She stroked the oil over his entire length till it was slick and shiny. She moved her hands to his balls and rubbed the oil in. Then one slick hand slid behind his balls and between his ass cheeks. One finger pushed against his ass hole before sliding away. 

 "Where would you like the rest of the oil?"

 He reached down and grabbed the vial. He quickly dumped the rest over her tits. He threw the vial aside, placed the chain in her mouth and began to rub. His hands touched and squeezed every inch of her glistening, tanned, massive tits. He slapped them together, put the pierced nipples between his fingers and pinched. 

 "Go on, I know you want to put that big cock of yours between my tits." She pulled them away from each other, showing Bad just where to put it. He knelt down further and slapped his huge oiled cock between the huge oiled tits. She pushed them together and he took the chain in his hands. He pulled it upward, stretching her nipples and areola to the point of pain. She grimaced but she did not tell him to stop. It seemed each of these sisters enjoyed their sex rough. 

 He started to thrust his hips, pushing and pulling his cock through the soft, slick grip of her tits. He pulled the chain tighter. "Oh gods yes! Fucking pull it while you fuck my tits! Tell me you like them! Tell me you love my tits!"
