 Chapter III, Hilaria the Elf



It was about noon, Bad Kitty hadn't passed any travelers in quite some time. The road ahead passed through a small wooded area. A perfect place to stop and rest. As he rode he kept his eye out for a stream that the horse could drink from but he wasn't having any luck. He passed a bend in the road, ahead he saw someone walking, going the same direction he was. As he grew closer he was able to make out some details. Definitely a woman, she had white blonde hair pulled into a tight bun and a very shapely ass. 

 "Hey!" Shouted Bad, "hey! Wait up!"

 The woman turned around and looked at the stranger on the horse. She turned back and started to run.

 "No! I don't want to hurt you! No need to run!"

 The woman turned again but then jumped off the road and into the trees. The horse trotted onward and Bad looked into the trees hoping to find the woman. Just as he had given up she jumped out behind him.

 "What do you want?"

 Bad turned in the saddle to look at her. She was no ordinary woman, this was obvious by her long pointy ears. Like all elves she was beautiful, her skin had a slight tan and her eyes were bright green. She wore very fine, light, leather armor on her torso, and skin tight, leather chaps over her trousers. Around her waist was a belt, two short sheaths and a leather purse hung from it. In each of her hands she held a dagger. 

 "Lady elf, I'm not looking for any trouble. Only someone to talk with while I ride." He dismounted the horse and faced her completely, hands raised. He walked slowly towards her.

 "Stay back, I don't want to hurt you but I will!"

 He continued to slowly walk towards the elf. "I don't think there's any reason for anyone to get hurt."

 The elf was through talking. She expertly took two quick steps forward and lunged with her dagger. Despite his large size Bad could move quite quickly. He twisted his body, narrowly avoiding the blade. One of his large, muscular arms moved, his hand gripped her wrist. He twisted it, the dagger fell to the dirt. He pulled her wrist and she stumbled, falling to the ground three steps from Bad. He looked at her backside, the leather chaps framed her incredibly round ass. 

 She stood and faced him, dagger in hand.

 "Madam elf, I really don't think this is necessary. Do you?"

 She lunged forward again, Bad twisted her wrist again. Instead of throwing her, he grabbed her other wrist as well. He moved and twisted, he held both her hands over her chest with one hand. His other arm wrapped around her neck. Her back was held tight against his chest, her ass against his crotch. 

 The elf quickly devised a plan. Clearly she could not defeat the man in combat, but there was more than one way to take him down. First she would seduce him and they would find a clearing in the woods. Next, seeing no reason she shouldn't enjoy herself, she would have him make her cum. Then she would fuck him until he couldn't stand. At that point she would leave the clearing, steal his horse and be on her way.

 She began to push her cloth covered ass into his crotch, she felt him begin to harden. "I think we got off on the wrong foot. My name's Hilaria, what's yours?"

 Bad was no stranger to seduction but he assumed the elf was in over her head. "It's a pleasure to meet you Hilaria, I am Bad Kitty."

 "Strange name, what do I call you? Bad? Or Kitty?"

 "Bad, works fine."

 "Well Bad, why don't you carry me somewhere more private, and we get to know each other a little better."

 He wrapped both arms around her chest and lifted, all the while her ass pushed against his hardening cock. 

 They found a clearing, he set her feet on the ground and released her. She quickly took two large steps away and turned to face him. "Why don't you show me what you're hiding underneath those clothes?"

 "No, Hilaria, ladies first."

 "One for one?"

 "Deal." Bad undid the straps holding his sword and set it gently on the ground. 

 Hilaria unbuckled her belt and dropped it next to her. Bad heard the familiar sound of jingling gold as it hit the ground. He pulled his coat off and folded it, placing it atop his sword. She looked at his large muscular arms as she unbuckled her armor. She slid it off seductively, revealing her tanned, toned abs. She wore a simple cloth brassiere that covered her shapely, perky breasts. Bad pulled his tunic up over his head. Hilaria couldn't help but become aroused at the sight of the man's perfectly sculpted body. She also noticed the immense bulge in his trousers. She unbuckled her chaps and pushed them downwards but they caught on her ass. 

 "Perhaps you could help me?"

 Bad walked to her and bent slightly, placing his hands on the leather just above her cheeks. His bare shoulder brushed against her face. Her nose was filled with the smell of sweat, sex and an intoxicating scent she couldn't pinpoint. She felt her resolve fade and her pussy dampen. He jerked once and the leather made it past her large ass. He knelt before her and pulled the chaps down her legs. She stepped out of them one foot at a time. Bad stood back up, they were face to face. She placed her hands on his chest, initially with the intention of pushing him away, but she was unable. His large, rough hands found her waist. Slowly they slid along her sides until they touched her brassiere. Instinctively, without hesitation, Hilaria's arms raised. Bad's fingers slid underneath the cloth, up her ribs and over her head. He pulled his head back, her breasts were a full handful each, tanned as the rest of her body. Her areola were a very light pink and medium sized. In the centers sat small, but erect nipples.

 His hands gripped the sides of her tits, pushing them outward. His tongue swirled around each nipple before taking her entire right areola in to his mouth. As he sucked, her hands ran over his abs, slowly moving down. Her hands slid underneath his trousers. The backs of her fingers touched the hairless skin at his crotch. She slid her hands gently side to side, her knuckles felt his smooth skin, the tips of her fingers brushed against his manhood. She removed one hand and pulled the knot that held his trousers. Bad took both her nipples in hand and pinched them lightly, moving his head back to watch her. Her thumbs slipped under the cloth and pulled down. She saw the large cock that had that been concealed. She knelt and pulled the trousers to his ankles. The cock's head touched her lips, she kissed, licked, and sucked it into her mouth. One foot left his trousers, then the other. She stood up and looked over his naked body. Before her stood a supremely muscular and perfectly endowed man. Her plan was working perfectly, and so was his.

 "Lay down."

 He did, keeping his eyes on her the whole while. She stood at his feet, her back facing him and pulled down her trousers. She bent at her hips, keeping her legs straight as she did so. Bad watched as her ass came into view. Her cheeks were two, slightly tanned, perfectly round, large circles. She stepped out of the legs of her trousers backward, towards Bad's head. Her legs were as toned and tanned as her arms and stomach. She took multiple steps back until her feet were just above Bad's shoulders. 

 She lowered her already moist pussy onto Bad's mouth. A sweet scent filled his nose as his tongue lashed outwards. He went immediately for her clit, licking passionately. His large arms reached around her and he took her ass in his hands, squeezing and kneading the large but firm flesh. He spread her cheeks wide so that he could see her ass hole, it was the same tanned color as the rest of her skin. He knew he wanted to taste it, but her clit tasted too good for him to leave it just yet.

 Hilaria leaned forward to give Bad a better view. Her left hand moved to her left nipple and she pinched it lightly. Her hips began to move, the roughness of his beard touched her most sensitive areas. She looked down over his body, his muscular frame sent shivers through her spine. Her eyes ended on his most impressive muscle. Her right hand moved across his stomach and stopped at the base of his huge cock. She grasped half way up his shaft and started to stroke slowly.

 Bad moved her downwards slightly, allowing his tongue to reach her ass. The abrupt movement caused her to fall down further. She moved her left arm to prop herself up. His tongue moved in slow, sensual circles around her forbidden entrance. She laid down onto her stomach, her lips touched the base of his cock, her left hand moved to his cock head. 

 He plunged his tongue into her, her back arched and a squeal came from her mouth. "Oh, Bad Kitty, you are bad!"

 Her hands tightened around his cock and her hips began to move against his face. He dug his fingers into her ass as his tongue pushed in and out, deeper and deeper. He moved his hands to her back and pushed her down against his stomach and chest. Her skin slid against his as she pushed her ass into his face. 

 He pulled her towards his head slightly so that her clit was again at his tongue. The head of his cock now rested at her mouth. His tongue pushed hard and moved quickly. Her moans became louder by the second. His left hand slid over her ass and a finger found her hole. It had been loosened and lubed by his tongue, his finger slid inside. His right hand gripped the bun of hair on the top of her head. He felt her orgasm rising. Her entire body gyrated against his, juices began to flow from her pussy. He fucked her ass with his finger, all the way to the third knuckle. He pushed her head down, muffling her moans with his cock. 

 Her orgasm overcame her, her hips pushed into his face even harder. He held his finger within her ass, held his cock within her mouth, but his tongue moved furiously. Her orgasm lasted for some time, an orgasm more pleasurable than she had had for a while.

 Her body relaxed, the enormous cock popped from her mouth. Bad pulled his finger from her ass and relaxed his neck, letting his head fall to the ground. Hilaria let the orgasm fade from her body. She let her hands move over his hard shaft. She appreciated his muscular, warm body up against her's. Then she remembered her plan. 

 She stood and turned around quickly, facing him and placing her feet on either side of his hips. She looked down at him, he wiped her wetness from the beard that framed his perfect teeth. His chest rippled as he moved his muscular arm down to his side. His abs led perfectly to his hairless crotch and his huge cock. She lowered herself, bending at the knees, towards that cock. She grasped the head and lined it up with her wet pussy. She looked down at the length and girth, perhaps she was in over her head, but she couldn't turn back now. 

 She lowered herself further, allowing half of Bad's cock to push past her lips and into her pussy. Even then she felt filled up by his member. She put both her hands and his stomach and willed herself to go lower. Her large ass touched his thighs and her pussy lips touched against his skin. She had taken all of him inside of her. She couldn't move yet, Bad was touching parts of her that had never been touched. 

 She started moving her hips back and forth, sliding her pussy along his hairless flesh. His cock moved within her, pushing at different angles and hitting unexplored regions of her womanhood.

 He pushed his hands against her arms, moving them out of they way and reached her breasts. Without her arms supporting her she sat straight up. His cock poked the depths of her pussy. He pinched her nipples between his fingers. Her hands moved to his forearms, she gripped them for support and she started to move up and down. She was unable to move the way she wanted. Unable to move herself high enough.

 Without letting his cock leave her pussy she turned around atop him, so that he could see her ass. She bent forward, placing her hands on the ground. She could now lift her hips and slide her pussy up his cock. She slapped it back down, again engulfing him. She began a steady rhythm as his hands moved to her ass and squeezed the sizable cheeks. He began to move his hips, ever so slightly. As she slapped herself down against him he pushed up. With each of their joint thrusts his cock head pushed deep within her. His hands dug into her flesh, with his strength he began to move her. She moved her hips up, but he moved them further. She moved her hips down, but he moved them faster and harder. 

 Her moans began to grow louder. Bad could feel her pussy tightening around him. He sat up which forced her legs to be pushed out straight in front of her. She bent forward slightly as his stomach pushed against her ass. His left hand grabbed her perky breast, taking the nipple between two fingers. He pulled her towards him so that her back was flat against his chest. His right hand slid over her right breast, cupping it quickly. It moved down her toned stomach, over a small patch of hair. His fingers found her clit and wasted no time. He rubbed her very rough and very fast. He moved his hips as much as he could. Forcing his cock in and out of her orgasming pussy. Her arms reached over and behind her head, finding his hair. She screamed as she came, digging her fingers into his scalp and gyrating her hips. 

 It subsided and she became nearly limp. He laid back down and twisted her around. She laid flat on him, his hands gripped her ass and picked her up slightly. He began to hammer himself into her. She quickly stiffened and her arms gripped his hair again. He slipped a finger inside her ass and he sped up. The elves lithe frame held still, only he was moving. She screamed with pleasure each time he thrust up into her. He grabbed her ass even tighter and pushed downwards. He could feel his balls begin to boil.

 "Pick me up!"

 "Eh?"

 "Pick me up! Hold me up and fuck me!"

 "Hang on."

 She wrapped her arms around his neck. He sat up, she moaned into his ear as his cock pushed deep inside of her. He slid both of their bodies, rather awkwardly until he was on his knees. His arms wrapped under her legs until the insides of his elbows touched the insides of her knees. His hands gripped the flesh of her ass and he stood. Her arms loosened until only her hands wrapped around the back of his neck. He looked down at her perky tits as he began to move. He pulled her away from him as he moved his hips back and pushed her towards him as he thrust. Her head fell back as his speed increased. Her tits bounced nearly to her collarbones. He could feel his cock stiffen as he drove into her. He contemplated pulling out, but he had never heard of a child born of an elf and man. 

 He slapped her against him hard and stopped. She gently moved her hips and brought her lips to his. He kissed her deeply as his cum shot into her. She squeezed with the walls of her pussy in rhythm with his cock's explosions. His cum poured out of her onto the forest floor. 

 They laid together for some time, talking about where their journeys would take them. He knew she was lying and she knew he was. She planned for him to fall asleep and to take his horse, he couldn't know where she was going. However, her plan failed. 

 Bad heard her breathing grow louder and slower. He looked over to her, eyes closed, mouth half opened. He rose and dressed as quietly as he could. He untied the purse from her belt, with a slight jingle. Her eyes opened and she shot to her feet. He was running, full tilt, for the road. His feet kicked the horse and he was off. He turned his head, the beautiful naked elf stood on the road. He raised his hand in farewell and smiled, his perfect, white smile.