 Landica, Book II, BadKittyXXX

Chapter IV, Nadia the Whore

Bad had reached his second to last stop before the Wilderness. He would spend a night in the town, another days walk would find him in a small village on the border of the forest. In the village he would buy his supplies for the spring. A spring he would spend inside as many dryads as he could. 

He had sold the horse, as it would do him no good in the Wilderness. He had visited the barber, the hair upon his face was again perfectly trimmed. He walked out of the tailor's, looked down and admired himself. Though his leather coat looked no better than it had, he again had a tunic and trousers that fit him the way they were supposed to. 

By the time he made it through town to a tavern on the northern edge, the sun was on the verge of setting. The tavern was alive, music, drinking, and a particularly eye catching whore. Bad payed for his room, stowed his coat and sword inside and began to eat the last hot meal he would have until summer.

He watched the whore work her away around the room. She stopped at the men with the largest meals or the most drinks. Though she was being turned down constantly. Bad heard retorts to her such as, "dammit woman! Can't you see my wife's here!" Or, "you just took my gold last night, isn't that enough for you?"

The town wasn't that large, the whore, and the men, must've been regulars. He had finished his dinner and his first ale when he lifted his heavy purse and jingled it at the barman who promptly brought another mug. Bad left the purse on the small table and it had the desired effect. His ale arrived and just a moment later, the whore. Her right arm was straight out, her hand on the table next to the purse of gold. Her left arm was bent and her hand caressed his shoulder. 

"You must be new in town, I know I would recognize a big man like you."

His head turned and his eyes surveyed her body, his trousers tightened. Her skin was ivory, her hair black as a raven. It was cut in a straight line over her eyes, hiding her forehead. The rest was long and fell behind her shoulders, down her back. Bad could tell a lot of time had been spent on her make-up. Black lines framed her eyes, her skin appeared to be flawless and smooth, her cheeks had a slight pink hue and her lips were bright red. She wore a dress as red as her lips, though Bad hardly considered it a dress. Thin pieces of fabric went over her shoulders and the neckline plunged absurdly low. It seemed the bottom of the dress only managed to cover her pussy. It was evident she wore a corset with a brassiere under the dress. 

The woman's shape was ridiculous and incredible at the same time. Her tits were massive, they were pushed up nearly to her chin and they billowed out of the dress in all directions. Her midsection appeared to have no shape to it. From her ribs to her waist was a straight line. Below her waist, her hips jutted out from her body, her thighs were visible and thick. Though he couldn't see it now, he had noticed earlier that her ass was also massive and fit perfectly with her wide hips. 

"Just passing through, the name's Bad Kitty."

"What a pleasure to meet you Bad, I am Nadia. You already have a room here?"

She clearly had no desire to waste time, "I do. Would you like to see it?"

"First, we're clear on one thing. I am not free."

"Believe me sweetheart, I can tell. Luckily I have a heavy purse here with your name on it." 

She smiled wide and took his hand, heading for the rooms upstairs. He pulled his hand away and walked slowly as she ascended the stairs. Her dress came to the bottom of her enormous ass, with each step he got a glimpse of what was between here legs. They got to the room, Bad decided he would make the whore work for the money, and she would be working very hard. He closed and locked the door behind him.

He grabbed a pillow from the bed and threw it on the floor. "On your knees."

As she did so he pulled his clothes off and put them by the door. He placed the purse on the bed and smiled. Nadia admired every inch of his body, especially his cock. He knelt behind her and lifted the dress over her ass. The cheeks were two massive orbs that joined with her hips beautifully. He gripped each cheek, digging his fingers into the fat flesh. He jiggled them around and spanked them lightly. He stood up and walked around in front of her. He pulled her dress up over her head, he couldn't see her pussy as it was concealed by her thick, plump thighs, but he could see a small patch of black hair. The corset she wore was all red with black designs. The brassiere of the corset was far too small, it wasn't just the dress. Her tits still overflowed, Bad ran his hands over the flesh and squeezed.

"Like what you see Bad?"

Bad had no desire to hear the whore speak. His cock had grown rock hard from fondling her assets, he took it in his hand, his other hand on the back of her head. He guided the head to her open mouth. It rested upon her tongue and he moved his other hand to the back of her head. 

He pushed forward slowly, over her tongue, to the entrance of her throat and downward. Two thirds of his cock had disappeared when Nadia coughed. Spit shot out around his cock as he pulled out until only the head was inside. The length of his shaft that had been inside her mouth glistened. He pushed in again, this time faster. She coughed again but this time he only pulled out of her throat. He pushed again, reaching into her throat, harder. His rhythm began, his head and part of his shaft pushed down her throat with each thrust. She gagged each time he reached as deep as he could. He sped up, moving his hips and her head at the same time. Spit began to run down her chin. 

He moved harder and faster. The sloppy sounds of his cock in her throat and her gagging was all that could be heard. Her hands moved to his thighs in an attempt to slow him down but it was in vein. He only sped up, the spit began to pour out of her mouth. It ran from her chin and covered the tops of her large tits. 

His hands grasped her hair, he pushed himself as deep as he could. He pulled her head on to his cock forcefully and slow. Nadia's eyes widened as Bad's cock slipped past his deepest point. Her chin touched his balls, her nose was pushed into his shaved crotch. She had swallowed the entire massive cock. He released her hair and she pulled her head back. More spit poured on to her tits as she looked at his sloppy cock.

He put both hands under her arms and pulled her to her feet with ease. He spun her around, she could feel his wet cock head trying to push between her ass cheeks as his hands found the strings of her corset. He was not gentle, he yanked and pulled at the strings. Her whole body moved and jiggled, his cock slid around between her cheeks. The strings were loose enough, he pulled at the bottom, pulling the string entirely free from the corset, it fell to the floor. 

He turned her around again and gazed over her naked body. Her hips appeared to be even wider now. Her stomach wasn't toned but it was flat and her sides still had no shape to them. Her enormous tits sagged down her to the top of her stomach. Her areola were large and a shade darker than her ivory skin. Her nipples were large and erect, each one pierced by a small metal rod with a ball on each side. Her spit ran down between them. 

"Lay on the bed."

Bad crawled on top of the whore. He rubbed his hands over her tits, coating them in her own spit. He twisted her large, pierced nipples. 

She moaned through a smile. "C'mon Bad, stop teasing me and slap that cock between my tits! We both know you want to."

Bad smiled his perfect, white smile and obliged. Her hands pushed against the sides of her enormous breasts and they wrapped like a glove around his manhood. Her spit made for an excellent lubricant, Bad's slick cock slid between them with ease. At first he moved slowly, he pulled back till the head of his cock was in the center of her tits. Then he pushed forward until his hips touched the bottom. With each push forward his cock poked against her chin and his balls slid across her flat, smooth stomach. 

He stopped simply pushing and began to thrust. He became entranced at the bouncing of her enormous tits each time his hips slapped against them. Her hands appeared glued to the side as her arms moved along with the jiggling. He reached his left arm around behind him and his hand found the small patch of hair. Her legs parted for him as he slid downwards. Two fingers slid over her clit while two slid over her outer lips. He plunged his fingers into her pussy, she was sopping wet and moaned loudly as he penetrated her. 

His right hand grabbed her head and moved it until her chin pressed against her chest. He slapped his hips against her tits, his cock head pushed between her lips and onto her tongue. Instead of thrusting he now just rolled his hips. With each movement his balls pushed against her body, his cock slid slightly between her breasts and the head pushed deeper into her mouth. His left hand matched his body's rhythm, spreading her lips and plunging into her. 

Then he became more rough, he pulled her head toward him with each movement, forcing his cock deeper into her mouth. The hand inside her started to move furiously making wet, sloppy sounds. Her moans vibrated through his cock. Without releasing her tit's grip on his cock, two of her fingers moved to each pierced nipple and pinched. He felt her pussy become tighter and wetter. She soaked his hand as the walls began to contract. She put suction on his cock, stopping him from moving. She began to slide her tits up and down his shaft vigorously. She slapped them against his hips then against her chin. They bounced wildly, then she released his cock, threw her head back and screamed. Juices gushed from her pussy as her orgasm overcame her. Bad never ceased in his rigorous, finger fucking even though her pussy had grown nearly too tight. 

Then the walls released his fingers and her arms fell to the bed, releasing his cock from her tits. Bad stood and admired what he had done. She breathed deeply and her chest heaved. Her tits fell away from her body, each one touching the bed. A large wet spot adorned the blanket just beneath her pussy. Her legs were spread so that Bad could see the bottom of her ass pushed out from beneath her. 

"By the gods, Bad Kitty, I was not expecting that." Her head came upwards, she looked over his body, "and still hard as steel. How would you like me next? You're the one with the gold, you're in charge."

"On your hands and knees, center of the bed." 

She rolled over, her bulbous ass jiggled as she crawled to the center of the bed. Her head faced the back of the bed and her ass faced the headboard. The bed creaked as Bad knelt behind her. 

"Not in my ass, you can't afford that."

Bad pushed his cock half way into her pussy, for being a whore she was incredibly tight. He could feel the walls of her pussy contracting and stretching, getting used to his girth. Without moving his cock he grabbed two handfuls of her ass, he shook his hands and watched her flesh bounce around. His hands moved to her slim waist, just above her hips. 

"Wouldn't want to break the bank now would we?"

As hard as he could, he pulled Nadia's huge ass toward him and thrust his hips toward her. His cock was engulfed, ripples ran along the fat flesh of her cheeks and a loud scream escaped her mouth. He pulled backward until only his cock head was within her. He thrust forward, again her ass rippled and again she screamed. Her arms buckled so her head and tits laid on the bed, her ass sticking up in the air. He continued pulling out and thrusting back in with great force. With each thrust her torso slid down the bed and her knees slid back a little. He continued till her legs gave out as well, she now laid flat on the bed. 

He placed his hands next to each of her tits and extended his legs behind him, as if he were doing a push up. With this position his cock was aimed straight down, it slid between her ass cheeks and thighs, and into her pussy. 

At first he moved slow, downwards till his muscular stomach just barely brushed her ass cheeks, but his speed increased. Soon he was plowing downward, fucking her entire body into the bed with great force. To her, the angle was unbelievable, his cock pushed downward, hitting unexplored regions of her womanhood. Her sizable ass shook ridiculously as the bed rocked back and forth. 

They each heard a small creak, then a loud crack, then a smash. The back legs of the bed had broken, causing half of it to fall many inches to the floor. 

Bad pulled out and flipped the whore's curvaceous body like she weighed nothing. He pushed her legs, spread open, into the air. She grabbed them and held them for Bad, displaying her pussy. The bed was tilted and her head was at the bottom. This caused her tits to fall towards her chin and Bad to be slightly above her. He slapped his cock against her pussy's juicy, outer lips. 

"I don't know how much more of that thing I can take! You're ruining me for other men!"

Bad slapped his cock against her once more. He slid the head over her clit and between the lips. He adjusted his position so that his cock would be able to reach inside of her as deep as it could. He slid the head over her womanhood many times. "You can take it Nadia, just think of the gold you'll have when I'm finished with you."

Her uneasy smile turned to an open mouthed moan as he slid inside her. His balls hung loosely between her massive cheeks, touching her ass hole. Her tits bounced nearly atop her face, the bed groaned with the force of his thrust. As he pulled back he made sure to leave half his cock within her. He thrust forward again, immediately pulling back and thrusting again. 

He moved with incredible speed and force. Nadia's tits couldn't stay still, nor could her meaty thighs. The slap of skin, the groans of the bed, the screams of the whore, all those sounds filled the room. 

Bad began to pull slightly more of himself out of her each time he pulled back. Eventually he could see the purple skin of his cock head coming out. Somehow, his speed increased more. Nearly his entire length moved in and out of her with each pussy punishing thrust. Her screams grew even louder. Her eyes closed, her pussy tightened immensely, one hand moved from her leg to her clit. 

Everything happened too fast. Bad again pulled nearly his entire cock out, but he did so just as her orgasm peaked. Her pussy walls tightened to the point that they pushed him out, unaware, he thrust forward. The juices from her pussy and the tilted angle they were in, did Nadia no favors. As Bad pushed forward his cock slid down, past her pussy and in to her ass. Half of his cock was embedded before he realized what he had done. 

Her face changed rapidly, from pleasure to anger, though he saw lust in her eyes. Her open hand struck the side of his face very hard. "That's my fucking ass! Take it out you fucking idiot! Take it out!"

His face stung and he was in little mood for cooperation. His hands rested on the back of her knees and gently pushed them. Her legs were forced higher and her ass lined up with his cock. "Alright, alright, I'm just going to gently," he pulled back a little, "pull it," a little further, he could see his cock head, "out!" He thrust into her ass with all his might, his balls slapped against the cheeks, ripples ran through her ass and thighs, her tits bounced on to her face.

She reached between her legs and struck him again, this time harder. Bad retaliated, he pulled back a quarter of his cock, thrust it back in and slapped one of her enormous tits. A red handprint could be seen almost immediately. She smiled a devilish smile and slapped him again even harder. He started to pump himself into her ass ferociously, slapping her bouncing tits with each thrust. Her hands found the back of his neck, her nails dug into his skin. She pulled at him until his lips met hers. Without stopping his rhythm they kissed. At first it was sensual, then her teeth dug into his bottom lip. Her nails found the small of his back and pulled upward, tearing his skin as they went. 

He propped himself on his left arm, his right hand wrapped around her neck. He did not push or squeeze, not until their eyes met, he could see that she was loving what was happening. She struck him across the face again. He moved so he was no longer kneeling but with his feet flat on the bed, knees bent so he was crouching. Nadia's legs were now propped even higher up on his shoulders. He moved his left hand and gripped the side of her right breast, he squeezed and made her nipple point outward. He shifted his weight to his right arm, his hand squeezed around her neck and pushed her deep into the bed. 

Her arms were flung above her head as the large man plowed into her ass hole with his large cock. Even as Nadia's face began to turn blue she still looked into his eyes lustfully. Not until her air was nearly gone did she tap his arm. He let go and struck her lightly on her face, just enough to arouse her yet again. 

"You fuck! I've been naughty and I need a good spanking! Bend me over! Fuck me into the bed again you piece of shit!"

Though confused by her words he obliged her request. He knelt at the broken end of the bed and watched as Nadia backed up to him. As his cock head poked her ass hole she stopped. He brought his hands down very hard on the meaty, jiggly flesh of her ass. One cheek after another, each time accompanied by a squeal from the whore. His hands dug into the red flesh at the top of her ass and without warning he thrust forward, impaling her on his rock hard shaft. 

With his cock and his body he pushed her down until she laid flat on the bed. He crouched with his feet on the bed, bent over the luscious ass in front of him. He was merciless, his thrusts were fast and hard, his slaps stung. 

Nadia grew more excited than she knew she could. She felt a warmth wash over her as her orgasm began. Never had she came from a man in her ass. In fact, never had she came this many times with a client. Her ass hole gripped Bad even tighter, he bent over further and put both hands around the back of her neck. She felt as though the man would tear her apart, this thought only forced her orgasm to last longer. 

Just as she finished the front two legs of the bed snapped and the couple fell lower. She could feel his cock growing inside of her, she knew she was nearly done. She tightened her ass cheeks, gripping his shaft as he pummeled downwards. She felt the warmth of his cum shoot deep into her. She felt him pull out and she felt herself flipped to her back. She looked up to see him kneeling over her, his glistening, swollen cock in his hand. She watched as the cum shot from the head and she felt it cover her face. More cum than she had ever seen come from any cock. 

He got off the bed, her face couldn't even be seen underneath his handiwork. He pulled on his trousers and tunic and headed for the door.

"Stay put lovely, I'm going to go have an ale, I'll be right back."

Nadia was incapable of moving any part of her body. She released a low groan which Bad took for agreement. 

No sooner had he opened the door did he hear a familiar voice. "Bad Kitty? Is that you, you old dog?"

Bad turned to see Lord Tarbuckle, a very wealthy and very powerful man in the region. Bad had completed a multitude of jobs for him. "By the gods Tarbuckle! What're you doing at this watering hole?"

Lord Tarbuckle had reached Bad and looked into the room. "Is that Nadia?" He slapped Bad's arm playfully, "fuck, the whole tavern heard you! Can't blame you though, she's one of my favorites!"

"And I can tell why, she's a hell of a ride!"

