 Landica, Book II, BadKittyXXX 

Chapter V, Lorelle the Housemaid

Lord Tarbuckle's manor was an immense, gaudy monstrosity. Bad expected nothing less from the gaudy man himself. Tarbuckle dribbled on about how his high standing earned him an invite to what would surely be the party of the century. Bad simply smiled and nodded, each moment reconsidering heading north to the dryads. There wasn't any snow in the forest. As they walked the brick path to the manor's front entrance, Bad began to hear music, and he noticed light and movement through almost every window. 

Once at the large, wood carved, double doors, Tarbuckle turned to Bad. "I'm not strong like you, and were there a way for me to look like you do, it would be done. But alas, there is not. Although I do have something you don't have Bad Kitty. Something that all women crave."

The lord's talking bored Bad, but at the same time he was mildly intrigued, so he played along. "And what might that be Tarbuckle?"

"Gold, Bad. Gold." Tarbuckle pushed the double doors open, light and music poured out into the dark street. The floor was marble, the walls stone. Paintings and statues could be seen all over, illuminated by a fire hazard amount of lanterns. A quartet sat in the corner playing for all they were worth. All of this was beautiful, but Bad was mesmerized by something much more beautiful. Two rows of women on either side of a walkway through the grand entry. They danced synchronized and to the music. They all wore beautiful jewelry, necklaces, earrings and frilled skirts from just below their navel to mid-thigh. Each waved a feather fan in each hand, moving them to the music, and that was it. No blouses or brassieres, no leggings or shoes. Bad watched the beautiful sight of two dozen bare breasts bounce and sway. 

"Are you running some kind of brothel Tarbuckle?"

"Well yes I do, but this isn't it." The lord began to walk forward between the two rows of women and Bad walked beside him. "These are the girls too beautiful and talented for my brothel. They are dancers, maids, musicians, cooks." They had reached the end of the walkway, so the women were behind them. Tarbuckle took a large step forward and turned, now looking at Bad. "And they're all mine Bad Kitty. You see what gold can do? Ladies, this is Bad Kitty, he will be our guest for a few nights." 

Bad instantly felt hands roaming his body. Over his shoulders, down his arms, across his chest where he felt the buckle of the strap that held his sword, open. The weight of the sword was removed from his back. The hands slid down his ribs, stomach waist and legs. More slid over his chest, expertly pulling the leather coat from his torso. More over his chest, some gripping his muscular arms, and more sliding down his stomach over his waist and quickly gripping his semi-hard cock. Then the hands left, two women walked past him down a hallway, one carrying his coat and another his sword. 

Tarbuckle began walking again, beckoning Bad to follow. The rest of the manor was just as impressive as the entry. Beautiful statues and paintings, expert woodwork and stone, lanterns hung frequently. "Are you a fan of the theater, Bad?"

"Tarbuckle, I'm less cultured than you believe me to be." 

A snort escaped the lord's nose. "Don't take me for a fool Bad, cultured is not the first word that comes to mind when laying eyes on you. Frightening, yes. Brutish, yes. Thuggish-"

"Handsome! Masculine, fucking amazing, come on, Tarbuckle!"

"Right." Lord Tarbuckle continued walking with Bad beside him. "My girls are going to put on a play tonight, The Fisherman's Wife. I would be honored if you would be my guest." 

The two men walked through yet another pair of large double doors exiting the manor. The outside was just as extravagant as the inside. The men followed a small stone path, crossed a bridge over a stream and came on two chairs upon a patio. Before the patio lay a stage with a large pond at one end. Lanterns illuminated the stage as well as a great deal of foliage around it. 

After sitting down, "Now we wait for the show, can I interest you in a beverage Bad?"

"Have any ale? I think I might have to be drunk to enjoy this."

"What a very brutish thing to say, but I expect nothing else from you and quite frankly that is the reason I enjoy your company, Bad."

"So...the ale?"

"Of course. However I do believe this might just be a play you'll enjoy sober or drunk, my friend."

Seemingly from no where a woman appeared handing both men a mug. Bad's eyes grazed over her, she wasn't like the others inside, she was clothed for instance. Her hair was golden blonde and wavy, falling just past her shoulders. Her skin was ever so slightly tanned with rosy red cheeks. Her face, strangely enough for a common house maid, was made-up beautifully. Particularly, her glossy pink lips and the dark colors around her eyes. Her face was round and pudgy, giving away the fact that she may well have been a curvaceous woman. It was difficult to see her shape underneath the baggy, modest maid's clothing she wore. All of this, though peculiar in setting, was not what drew Bad in. Her eyes were a bright blue he had never seen, for the brief moment her's met his, they sparkled. 

She poured Lord Tarbuckle's mug full of ale, then Bad's. As she bent over, her loose fitting blouse and smock fell slightly. Underneath was revealed, by the light of the lanterns, plunging cleavage, two beautifully white breasts. She walked to the far side of Lord Tarbuckle and stood.

"Bad! Are you even listening?"

"Hm? Yes, of course. I was just about to tell you what a wonderful life you seem to have here." 

"What? Yes well thank you." The lord clapped his hands and the play began.

Lord Tarbuckle wasn't wrong, the play could easily be enjoyed sober. The fisherman and his wife went out to sea. On their first night, whilst he slept, a beautiful song was sung. The wife, played by a stunning, young, scantily clad women, left the cabin of the boat to find the source of the sound. What she found was an equally stunning mermaid whom went about seducing her. 

While all of this was intriguing and arousing, Bad couldn't focus, he constantly tried to sneak glances at the lovely housemaid. With each fill of his mug her body seemed to come closer and closer to his. Soon, as she filled his mug, he caught a whiff of her. A tantalizing perfume filled his nose. Bad knew very little of perfume, but he knew it was often reserved for Duchesses, Baronesses and Ladies. Not for housemaids. 

The play drug onwards, Bad downed ale after ale and his curiosity about the blonde woman grew. He turned his head, catching her eye, flashed a perfect, white smile and raised his mug. She walked behind his chair to the right of him, but he held his mug in his left hand, forcing her to lean over him. As she poured, he breathed in deeply through his nose, breathing in her delectable scent. His right hand, which he had held behind the chair, now moved. He gently brushed his palm over her lower back, her side, over her hip and stopped at her ass. She was curvaceous indeed, he had felt a slight belly, wide hips and a plump ass. His hand began to grip the large cheek and she turned just her head toward him. He became more intoxicated by her now, the scent in his nose, her blue eyes peering into his, and her lips, now only inches from his own. 

She stood up and moved back behind Lord Tarbuckle, without saying a word. Bad put the mug to his lips and drank deeply. The fisherman's wife laid on her back beside the pond, naked, while the mermaid's head was between her legs. 

"You were right Tarbuckle, this is one hell of a play!"

The housemaid refilled the lord's cup as he shushed Bad. The pitcher was now empty and she left. Bad watched her as she walked away, imagining what hid beneath her clothes. 

The play ended before she returned, the lord and Bad clapped, hooted and whistled. Lord Tarbuckle stood first, Bad followed shortly after. 

"I'm pleased you enjoyed yourself Bad, and I apologize but I must be off to bed. Follow me and I'll have someone show you to your room."

The two men walked back up the stone path and back through the double doors. Just inside, a beautiful woman stood, waiting. Bad recognized her as one of the dancers from the entryway. Now she wore a long brown robe from shoulder to toe, though her face was still made-up, earrings still in her ears and a necklace of black stones wrapped tightly around her neck. She had dark brown hair, all pulled to the back of her head. Her skin was very tan which caused her large, glossed, pink lips to seem even brighter. Much like the housemaid, her robe concealed any shape of her body. As soon as she saw Bad, the large, gorgeous, muscular man, she smiled. 

"Bad, this is Amelia. Amelia, Bad Kitty. Might you show him to his room."

Without taking her eyes away from Bad's, "of course my Lord." Amelia reached out and took Bad's left hand in her's. 

Bad slapped his right hand on Lord Tarbuckle's shoulder, "goodnight my friend!" 

Amelia and Bad went off walking through the enormous manor. Each room, hallway and stairwell just as extravagant as the last.

Amelia turned her head, "you're a legend around this town you know? The Lord has spread tales of your heroism."

"Ha! I'm no hero Amelia. Legendary? I think the only legend is the one in my trousers, and I'm sure that's been embellished as well."

Amelia and Bad had reached a door, she stopped before it, turned, and pushed her body against his. His hands instinctively found her hips, from what he could tell she had a rather fit build. Her breasts pushed against his chest. It was just now that Bad realized how tall she was, her lips were next to his ear. One of her hands gripped his cock through his trousers and she whispered. "The legends I've heard are intriguing, a man from the wild, who hunts beasts. Has bedded many a woman. Has even bedded dryads of the forest. All with his legendary cock. Does that sum you up Bad Kitty? Or is there more to you?"

Before he could respond she opened the door and pulled him inside. The room was elegant though less extravagant than the rest of the manor. Just within the door was a sofa, two chairs and a small table. At the far end of the room was a large, red bed, where Amelia led Bad. She spun him around and beckoned him to sit at the edge of the bed. 

"Would you like the theatrics?"

"I think I've had enough theatrics for one night."

She smiled a broad, white smile, "good." In one swift motion she dropped the brown robe to the floor. Underneath she wore a black leotard with a plunging neckline that revealed her belly button. The fabric was pulled taunt between her legs, the sides pulled up above her hips. The fabric went from her pussy, up to her shoulders and surely bound on the back. Nearly half of each apple sized breast was exposed at the center of her chest. Bad now realized why she seemed so tall, on each foot she wore very high heeled shoes. She was tanned, quite dark, over her entire body. Not a single tan line in sight. An image popped into Bad's head of this woman laying out in the sun, completely naked. Then another image popped into his head. An image of the lovely housemaid laying naked in the sun as well. He was forced to imagine what the housemaid would look like however.

Amelia, slowly spun in a circle, showing Bad her shapely, equally tanned, ass. She looked at him and bent over slightly, pushing her breasts together. She bounced, causing them to jiggle. "Do you like what you see? My turn."

She sauntered sexily from where she stood until she was between Bad's legs. She bent into him, pushing her cleavage into his face and running her hands down his back. He placed his palms on her toned stomach, slipping his fingers beneath the cloth. His hands slowly moved upwards as she pulled at his tunic. He cupped the bottom of her breasts as she reached mid-back. Then he moved his hands above his head, pushing the cloth covering her breasts to the side, just as she pulled his tunic off of him. She stared over Bad's muscular chest, she ran her hands over his shoulders and down his arms. He marveled at her breasts, her areola were the exact same color as her skin, the nipples were small pink buds at the center. Her breasts were above average, but only a small handful for a large man like Bad.

His mind conjured the memory of seeing down the housemaid's blouse. The plunging, pale in comparison, cleavage. 

Amelia knelt before him, unlacing his boots and throwing them to the side. Her hands made their way up his legs, slid over his crotch and began to untie his trousers. She pulled them to the floor and his cock sprung outwards. She quickly clasped her hands around the thick shaft and began to slowly stroke. 

"You seem distant Bad. Here I am, tits out, hands on your cock."

"I'm sorry, I...I just can't get that housemaid out of my head."

"Housemaid?"

"Yes the blonde one who served our ale during the play. There is just something about her."

"Oh, Lorelle." Amelia seemed disappointed, yet intrigued. 

"Lorelle." Something felt good about knowing her name. "Why is she not like the rest of the girls?"

"What do you mean?"

"When I entered I was greeted by a dozen topless women, but she is clothed like nothing more than a maid."

Amelia removed her hands, spit on them, and resumed. She gave Bad a sly smile, "she's off limits. But I get the feeling that doesn't do much to hinder you does it?"

She was right, it only made Bad want the housemaid more. He said nothing, only smiled.

Her pace quickened, "What would you do to her? I want you to tell me."

"I don't know, I don't even know what she looks like underneath those clothes."

"Well you saw she's blonde, a bit more pale than me. Her tits are huge, her ass is fat, her belly is a little big. Is that enough for you? What would you do to her?"

Amelia's voice was very firm and assertive, Bad liked it, it spurred him onward. "I'd tear her clothes off, I'd grab those tits of her's and suck on them. I'd bring her any pleasure that I could."

Amelia's stroking quickened. "And what kind of pleasure would that be? Show me."

Bad put his hands under her arms and threw her onto the bed. He pulled at the leotard until it slid down her legs and hit the floor. He positioned his head at her pussy, "before I show you, you must promise me something."

She could feel her juices flowing already. Her body ached to have this legendary man do what he did best, so she agreed. "Anything. What do you need?"

"I want Lorelle, and you're going to help me have her."

Before she could answer his tongue found her clit and two fingers pushed into her. Her loud moan was all the answer he needed. His free hand slid up her stomach and found her breasts. He squeezed them and pinched her nipples. All the while vigorously fucking her pussy with his fingers. Both her hands dug into the muscular arm laying atop her stomach. Her juices leaked from her pussy, down between her cheeks and to her ass hole. 

Bad put both hands under her knees and pushed them into the air. Her pussy and ass were now on display for him, he moved back to look. She was completely shaven, her dark pink, inner lips hung slightly outside of her body. The skin around her pussy and ass were all the same tanned color as the rest of her. Bad could see the glistening juices at her ass and couldn't help himself. 

He brought his mouth to her ass and ran his tongue around the tight ring. He moved upward, licking between her lips until he returned to her clit. His thumb pushed past her lips and into her pussy, his middle finger massaged her ass. He slowly pushed his finger inside of her as she began to grind herself on his face and hand. 

"Yes! Gods that's incredible! Don't stop! I'm going to cum!"

Her pussy and ass began to pulse on his thumb and finger. Her juices were flowing uncontrollably, her moans grew louder and louder. He sunk his fingers in as deep as he could and began to shake his whole hand. He felt a gush of juices as she screamed, he pulled his head away just in time. Liquid shot from her pussy like a fountain, drenching his arm and chest. 

"I'm so sorry, I should have warned you. I...I squirt sometimes."

Bad laughed a hearty laugh, "it's not the first time I've seen that, but I always love when it happens. Do you do all that for each of Tarbuckle's guests?"

Amelia did put on a show for each guest, but the legendary man had done that all his own. "No, usually I have to fake it, you however, you're incredible." 

His grin was wide, "yes, I know." He stood up, wiped her juices from his beard and looked over the beautiful woman. She breathed deeply and her eyes were closed. 

"We're not done yet. I want you to show me what you would do to Lorelle next."

Bad climbed on the bed and knelt over Amelia so that his cock rested between her breasts. She pushed them together but Bad was too large, her breasts were unable to wrap around him.

"My, you're bigger than I thought, maybe we could-"

Bad grabbed the hair at the back of her head and pulled. Her chin touched her chest and his cock head forced it's way into her mouth. He held her steady and thrust himself forward, hitting her throat and causing her to gag. With each gag she coughed spit over his length. 

Bad grew slightly frustrated, Amelia was beautiful, but her tits weren't large enough and throat wasn't deep enough. He jumped off the bed, flipped her over and pulled her ass to the edge of the bed. Her pussy was still drenched as Bad slid his cock head on her lips. He placed his left hand on her ass and pushed his thumb inside. With his right hand he held himself at her opening. 

"Would you fuck her gentle or fuck her like a whore?" She was goading him, without a doubt.

He didn't answer, he didn't need to. He pushed his thumb deeper into her ass and thrust his entire length inside her. She let out a scream that turned to a low, guttural moan as he began to fuck her. His right hand slapped her ass and made it's way up her back. He grabbed her ponytail and increased his speed and forcefulness. 

"Ah! Like a filthy whore, then? Ah! You'd show her what an animal you are? Ahhh!!"

Bad was relentless, ploughing her as hard as his body could muster. He felt it before too long, her tight, wet pussy began to convulse. Very few women could handle Bad's enormous cock without coming to orgasm. The squeezing sensation around his cock brought him quickly to his own.

His eyes closed and his imagination pieced together the information. His hand held tightly to Lorelle's blonde hair. Screams of pleasure escaped from between her pink lips. Her large breasts bounced uncontrollably. His thumb was pushed into Lorelle's ass hole, between her two large cheeks. They jiggled with each of his powerful thrusts. It was Lorelle he emptied his cum into, not Amelia. 

"Oh, Lorelle," he breathed out.

"Yes! I'm Lorelle! Fill me up! Cum for me, Bad!"

Sleep came easily for Bad that night. The morning came brightly through his window, the curtains had been pulled open. His eyes opened and the sun blinded him momentarily. As the room came into focus he could then see who had let the light in. Lorelle, standing in bland clothing similar to the night before. Her bright, blue eyes twinkled in the sunlight. Her make up was again, applied beautifully. A smile parted his lips and he felt his cock twitch as he imagined her naked. 

"Lord Tarbuckle requests your presence for breakfast this morning, Sir."

"Whoa there, Lorelle," her eyes squinted towards him, clearly surprised that Bad knew her name. "I'm no sir."

"My apologies, Bad. How is it that you know my name?" 

"Amelia and I spoke last night, why is it that you're off limits?"

"You do not need to know why I am, simply that I am. And saying such, what you did last night was highly inappropriate."
