 Prelude

Lara had been such a cocktease; and it's probably what ended up saving her life in the end.

She was 29, dirty blond, athletic, with a perfectly proportioned slim figure and gently swaying c-cup breasts.

She had recently discovered how nice it felt to show off her naked form.

And since that day, she would come home from work and put her near-perfect body on display to the geeky group of roommates who lived across the way.

It had started innocently enough one afternoon a few weeks earlier.

She had sprinted naked across her apartment to get to her phone. She had not realized that the venetian blinds had been left drawn-up by her house cleaner earlier that day.

The phone call had lasted for over half an hour and she had paced back and forth in front of her windows unaware of the show she was giving to her nerdy neighbors. She was in the heat of an argument with her most recent former boyfriend and spoke unaware that 5 pairs of eyes were following her every move.

When she finally hung up, a cluster of 10 bright spots of reflected sunlight attracted her attention in the windows across the way.

She shrieked in horror realizing that her blinds were raised and that she was standing stark naked in front of the light reflection created by five pairs of glasses.

She immediately ran into her bathroom to get her bathrobe and quickly lowered all the shades in her place.

Lara was thoroughly embarrassed and humiliated.

Yet, later that night, as she replayed the event for the hundredth time in her mind she brought herself to one of the most powerful orgasms she had ever experienced.

Sometime during that afternoon, her extreme shame had turned into a powerful aphrodisiac.

The mortification had kept her hot and bothered. The deep heat of humiliation had constricted her breathing and her whole body had been affected as a knot at the pit of her stomach had nagged her for hours.

Exhausted by the tumult of emotions, she made herself an early dinner that she barely touched.

"Tomorrow would be another day," she tried to convince herself as she jumped in the shower before bed.

After shampooing her hair, she closed her eyes, and... for some reason... the same scene that had humiliated and troubled her so much began playing like a film behind her eyelids. That time, it was an out of body experience of sorts as she saw herself naked through the eyes of the nerds.

As she lathered herself under the warm water, she was surprised to discover how aroused she was.

Every touch sent shivers up her spine.

She could not recall ever being so sensitive.

Her skin felt hot and softer than usual to the touch.

The pressure that had been tightening in her belly had turned to a liquid heat that was spreading through her entire abdomen.

Breathing seemed more difficult.

When her fingers finally reached her most intimate flesh, she was surprised to discover that the molten lava that flowed and coursed through her veins was freely gushing between the silken softness of her labia.

She almost orgasmed upon that first touch and her legs seemed to bow under her weight. She buckled, unprepared for the flood of passion overtaking her being.

She laid herself down on the floor of the tub and flipped the switch of the water tap to fill the bath.

A sudden craving to explore the deepest parts of the nether regions of her anatomy overtook her.

She raised her legs above the edges on each side of the bathtub and opened herself to the needy passion that was overtaking her senses.

There was no delicacy in her actions. Her yearning was such that she needed to cum right away.

She inserted one finger as deeply as she could, as fast as she could. She could not recall ever feeling herself to be so hot and wet.

But one finger was not enough, she needed more.

She pulled it out and inserted two fingers, then three, then four, until she added the thumb into the mix. All five fingers were now pulled together to form a cone pulling at the tender intimate flesh of her very lubricated pussy.

"Ooh!" the stretch felt fantastic and ecstatic. 

She was working her thin feminine hand into her soaked pussy up to the knuckles; her mind fixated on the exhibition she had given earlier that day.

As she replayed the entire scene over, she plunged her sticky fingers into her hungry love hole.

She pumped her fingers in and out. Her desire rising and swelling.

She was now flush with lust, unable to breath, holding her breath as her frenzied penetration brought her to the edge.

"Ooh! Oooh! Aaaaw!" she finally let her breath out as her orgasm burst and flowed through her.

Finally, the memory of the ten glares of lights reflecting off the geeks' glasses sent her over the edge towards the sweet enthralling abyss of corporal bliss.

That same night Lara brought herself off to several more powerful orgasms.

Caught in an infernal self-perpetuating cycle, she kept on thinking about the utter shame of her accidental exhibition; that embarrassment would generate a feverish sexual arousal which would then amplify her shame further. And the more disgraced she felt, the more she masturbated... Eventually, she blissfully collapsed out of sheer depletion and physical exhaustion.

The following morning when Lara woke up, a switch had flipped. Somehow, her internal wiring would never be the same again.

She could not get rid of her desire to feel the all-consuming passion that she had experienced the night before.

Over the course of the following days, she began displaying herself to her captive neighborly audience across the street. The humiliating thought of being observed consumed her.

She was timid at first, only "accidentally" dropping a towel after the bath.

But it quickly became a ritual that she would perform several nights a week. She would shower at 8pm after dinner and would walk around wrapped in the terrycloth material for about an hour. Then she would drop her towel to put her night gown before heading to bed.

The thrill of parading around naked with just a towel was enough to fan the flame of her arousal. It drove her insane with lust. An hour later, when she would eventually disrobe for a few seconds to show herself to the gang, her pussy would be overflowing with the gushing juices of her overheated vulva. Lara knew that the geeks were watching her and that knowledge only fed her yearning passions.

She would be in bed by 10 at the latest, but would not fall asleep before bringing herself off to several powerful orgasms.

As the weeks rolled along, Lara became bolder and bolder with her displays.

Gradually, she started extending the time between when she would remove her towel and when she would put on her night wear. The thrill of being exposed for longer period of times driving up her humiliation and thus her excitement.

After a couple of months, Lara graduated to the point where she would completely strip naked from the time she entered her apartment to the time she went to bed in the nude. 

The first night that she had stayed naked all evening, she had been so turned on by her exhibitionism that her juices were dripping down her legs. She chose to give her nerdy fans a treat. She put on a naughty show for them and let them witness her masturbation session. She fingered herself while lying on her belly. It was a long and gentle session of self-love, but she knew that the geeks would love the rhythmic humping of her hips and butt. And she was right, to her admires looking in through her window, the naked girl illuminated by the silver light of the moon lying face-down looked as if she was fucking an invisible lover.

Chapter 1

Then, the unthinkable happened.

The Orange Buffoon had done it.

He had pressed the Big Red button and, in the space of an instant, he had broken the World.

Life on Earth would never be the same again.

Within a matter of hours, half of the world's population disappeared.

As the attacks escalated, all the major cities in the Northern Hemisphere were affected.

Paris, London, Frankfurt, Moscow, St. Petersburg, Madrid, Barcelona, Rome, Brussels, Amsterdam, Beijing, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo, the list went on and on. And, in the States, all the major cities were hit.

Lara lived in a small town in Maine, hundreds of miles from any of the major towns.

The town was not directly affected by any of the blasts.

However, radiation poisoning and radiation fall out would eventually affect the entire planet. The outlook for humanity's survival was bleak.

One of the last action of the decentralized surviving government was to distribute iodine tablets to the survivors.

Then, within a matter of hours, the fabric of society and its rules began to crumble.

As martial law was enacted, the military splintered into factions vying for control of the territory.

The country formerly known as the US was no longer a unified nation.

Vast patches of land were quarantined and abandoned as they were deemed too irradiated to sustain life. Over half of the territory was declared a wasteland, a No Man's Land. Travel between habitable regions was nearly impossible.

As food shortages started affecting the population, any semblance of civility disappeared.

As people began fighting for food, crime and murder spiraled into daily occurrences. Law & Order were no longer enforced by any form of elected authority.

In some areas, cities and towns descended into the utter chaos depicted in the apocalyptic science fiction of movies such as Mad Max. In these localities, armed groups banded together to pillage and steal whatever they could. They killed, captured or enslaved any survivor that was not part of their clans.

In other parts, concerned citizens organized and formed localized city states in an effort to offer some protection from bandits, thieves, and warlords. Unfortunately, these safe havens were few and far apart.

The radiation had cut-up the land into small isolated regional fiefdoms.

Chapter 2

On the day the World ended, Lara was at work at the beginning of her morning shift.

To say the least, everyone was devastated by the news and the boss quickly "closed shop". All her coworkers were in a hurry to get back home to check-in on kids, husbands, family and friends.

Lara was alone and did not have anyone to get back to. Her family and friends lived in Boston, and Boston was gone. She thought that she would never again have anyone to get back to.

On her way back home, she noticed that people were rushing to the market for supplies. She had gone shopping the day before. From fear of being stuck several days in a snow storm, she had also stocked her closets with all matters of emergency supplies when she had first moved to Maine a few months earlier.

Lara had just temporarily relocated to the small town of Calais in Maine and was working as a waitress at the local diner.

After her latest heartbreak, she had asked for a six-months sabbatical from her consulting firm.

She had picked Calais on a whim.

She wanted to be in the middle of nowhere, far from everywhere, in a small town where nobody knew her. 

She also wanted a coastal town. And so, her finger fell on the map on the border town of Calais, Maine.

Out of habit, once she stepped through her front door, she stripped naked as she had been doing for the past few weeks.

She locked her door and went to sit on her couch.

She was in shock and numb after seeing the horrors that had been broadcast on TV at the diner.

She tried to turn on her TV, but could not get a signal.

Frantically, she tried reaching all her family, all her friends in Boston, but alas Boston was gone and not one person picked up.

After the manic episode, she turned catatonic.

For several hours, she sat naked and motionless in her living room.

She only started moving again after about five or six hours when her body spoke up. Her bladder was hurting and she needed to pee, her stomach was hurting and she needed to drink and eat.

She needed to fulfill her basest instincts. Peeing felt good, eating felt good, and drinking felt good and, after the devastating hurt of the past few hours, Lara was content to feel good things.

The sun was setting and a ray of golden light shone through her apartment and illuminated her couch.

Lara sat back down in the spotlight provided by the setting astral light. She did not want the feelings of pleasure that her natural needs had provided to dissipate. She did not want the pain of her sorrow to take a hold of her fragile state.

Grief and sex are sometimes intertwined. Sex is sometimes a temporary bandage in times of deep loss.

Lara needed to feel good and, in the light of the setting sun, she started playing with her needy little pussy. There was no teasing, no foreplay, it was all animal instincts. She raised her feet and put them up on the couch to open herself up in a squatting position. With her left hand, she pulled her labia and lifted her clitoral hood, she then stuck the index finger of her right hand into her mouth to get it wet, and after a few seconds she brought the wet digit to her clit.

It was rough and wild. She needed to get to an orgasm fast and she went straight to her pleasure center to get it. She was rough as she rubbed and rubbed. Her sensitive button was not used to being treated in such a way. She was still dry and the burning sensation was starting to hurt her. It made attaining that sought after release that much harder to get. 

But Lara was desperate, she kept on rubbing herself until eventually her body caught on. Finally, her pussy started lubricating the juices that had been missing to make the experience enjoyable. 

Lara bucked and tensed as her pleasure started overtaking the stinging biting sensation that she had inflected upon herself. The pleasure that she was longing for began flowing through her body. It felt good to feel the approaching orgasm. She leaned back into the pillows and accelerated her frigging motion until the climax erupted within her.

After that first release, she wanted more and she did not stop.

Over the next few hours, as civilization began to descend into chaos, Lara retreated into a creature in search of the most primary gratifications. She would eat, drink, pee, shit and masturbate until she would collapse only to start over again.

Chapter 3

Across the street, the group of geeks were busy preparing their retreat into the reinforced bunker they had been building for the past few years.

The group were local boys with an age range from 22 to 25 who had grown up together since childhood. Their families were hard working farmers who did not comprehend their love for science and computers. Their physical ineptitude and their cerebral capacities had made of them strange oddities in town.

To avoid all the teasing, they had moved in together a few years earlier to create an internet startup. Their company had been mildly successful and had provided a very comfortable income for these rural parts. They were ready to take their venture to the next level and were only a few months away from relocating to Silicon Valley when the bombs struck.

Providence and coincidence had conflated at the right time.

They had discovered a 1950's fallout shelter in the basement of their old building a few years earlier and, over the course of many long, frozen winter months, had transformed the space into a survivalist's paradise stocked and organized to provide years of sustainable underground living.

They took a look across the way at the beautiful woman who had entertained their lonely nights for the past few months.

Her behavior worried them. 

From the time she had returned home earlier, she had acted like a crazy person.

They were surprised to see her strip when she had entered her place. How could she feel like giving her exhibitionist show at such a time?

However, it clearly became apparent that the nudity was not the same as usual.

There was no teasing or playing.

She just sat on her couch and started placing a series of calls. She seemed to get more and more excited as her calls fell through.

Then she stopped moving. For a long time, she seemed as lifeless as a statue.

Then, during her five hours long catatonia, the group began discussing whether they should intervene. As time passed, the conversation escalated. They were all shy and uncomfortable around women and they could not decide how to proceed.

Finally, after much back-and-forth debate, they had resolved to go check on her. However, just as they were about to step out, Lara came back to life.

The nerds looked at each other, relieved.

They did not notice the shift into her masturbatory behavior right away.

The news was emphasizing the need for survivors to find refuge. The radiation clouds would be traveling in their direction in a few hours and they needed to gather any last minutes supplies for the long haul.

As they were busy with their final preparations, they ignored Lara's beautiful naked form for the first time since they had seen her that first day.

Time was of the essence.

The young men worked all night gathering any and all supplies as they brought them down to their underground lair.

The newscast was reporting that a wave of murder and looting was spreading across the World. Survivors were starting to panic. The fear of a Nuclear Winter was spreading as the clouds created by the explosions began obscuring the atmosphere.

When the morning light arose the young men knew that it was time to move downstairs. They took a minute to watch the rising sun knowing that they would not see it again for a long time to come.

They looked across the way and were surprised to see that their gorgeous neighbor was still in the same place she had been the night before.

She was frantically masturbating in a lurid display of raw sexuality.

The young men looked at each other in disbelief.

The young men had never seen her so raunchy before. 

They had admired her naked physic from across the way whenever she paraded around. But, after a few weeks, her game had grown depressing. None of the guys thought that they would ever be lucky enough to meet her or be with her. Though they had admired her beauty, it constantly reminded her of their timidity and their ineptitudes. Recently, they had started resenting the show she was putting on as it had become clear that it was intended for her own selfish enjoyment .

However, today was a different show altogether. They knew that she had masturbated in her bed that one night in the moonlight but she had never put on such a graphically explicit pornographic demonstration. She was frantically and lustfully playing with herself without a care in the world.

The young men looked at each other again and, without even a single word exchanged amongst them, they had all decided that they needed one additional thing to be brought down into the fallout shelter with them.

Chapter 4

Lara had been up all night.

A primal lust had taken over her fragile state of mind.

Over the course of the night, she had descended further into her trance like state. Her universe had closed in on itself and the only thing that mattered was the heat between her legs.

She had chased her grief and sorrow away with furious masturbation.

She only cared and only wanted to seek her next orgasm.

That was the only thing that her mind could process.

She did not hear the door when her nerdy fans knocked on it.

She did not hear the door when they busted it open after several minutes of banging.

She did not react when they walked up to her.

She did not cover up.

She did not respond nor did she run away.

She just kept on playing with her juicy pussy.

The gang did not know what to do.
