 Dear Reader,

This tale is a pure work of fiction and has no basis in reality. Fortunately, the events depicted are highly implausible so please do not overthink the story as you read it.

Finally, the tale was whispered to me by a woman who thrives from the humiliation that these fantasies make her feel. The sole purpose of the story is to fill her need to picture herself as the "victim" and, hopefully, I have achieved that goal for her.

You will find some forms of:

Incest/Taboo,

ENF,

and some form nonconsensual /reluctant sex.

So do not go further if that is not your cup of tea...

As always, your votes and comments are appreciated. 

******************

Lara and the Zombie apocalypse Ch. 1.

Lara had gone back home to babysit her 18-year-old brother Billy on the eve of the zombie apocalypse.

Now, you might ask, why would an 18-year-old need to be babysat?

You see, Billy had suffered extensive injuries from a traumatic car accident several years prior to the events that were about to unfold.

His growth had been stunted and he looked more like a petite woman, skinny and feminine, standing at five-foot than a full-grown man.

After years of therapy, his body had recovered from the injuries but had somehow stopped growing.

He had also nearly stopped talking altogether. He would grunt, smile, clap or growl but that was the extent of his communication skills.

The doctors had been left perplexed and had not been able to explain the reasons for his attitude. All the scans seemed to indicate a perfectly functioning brain and the medical professionals had determined that Billy's behavior had just been some form of mental short-circuit; a catastrophic event that had made him take refuge in his own mind. 

Billy acted like he was mentally-challenged but Lara thought that he was just spending too much time in his head. 

Lara was almost thirty years old and Billy was ten years her junior. In her mind, he was and would always be her "little" brother. She loved him and, despite all the indications to the contrary, she was convinced that there was a very bright young man stuck in that shell of a body. When she looked into his eyes, she could see his intelligence, she could see that he understood more that he let on.

Lara was very sensitive, empathetic and very attuned to Billy. What she could feel were probably the microexpressions that are barely noticeable to the naked eye. She just knew that her Billy was still there and she was sure that she would eventually get him out of his dark silent solitude.

On that day, Lara had called it an early night and had gone to her room early.

Derrick, Billy's only remaining friend, had come over to watch a movie with him.

Derrick was sweet with Billy and Lara was grateful for his kindness towards her brother. Yet, his lingering stares on her had always creeped her out. So, whenever Lara was home and Derrick was around, Lara would just let the boys be.

They were in Billy's room in the attic, they would watch TV and Derrick would head home afterwards.

Anyways, Lara was tired from her travels. Her comfy bed sounded like the best plan in town.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

How long had she slept? What time was it?

She looked around and the darkness was everywhere. It was the middle of the night.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

"Wake up! Wake your ass up!" Derrick was screaming through the door.

Lara was druggy with sleep.

Instinctively, she barely had time to cover her naked pussy with her flimsy nightgown before the door burst open.

Derrick rushed into the room Billy in tow.

"Get up! Quick!" he screamed at her.

Lara jumped out of bed. She was too shocked to even notice that she was nearly naked. Her delicate nightie was barely there and was not hiding much from her brother and his best friend.

"What's going on?" she wondered to herself.

Panic set in as she hurriedly followed the boys down to the family room.

Something was very wrong; she could sense it. The sense of urgency that Derrick was displaying was all too palpable.

The TV was on and the News were showing images of pure unadulterated carnage.

People were screaming, scattering, and death seemed to be everywhere.

"Its been like that for two hours...

We were watching a movie...

I started receiving texts...

Then, I looked at the news...

Billy and I took the car into town...

It's a war zone...

My parents are dead...

People are eating people all over...

We must bunker up..."

Lara was picking bits and pieces of Derrick's story as she stared blankly into the screen, the images of mayhem too violent to process.

"Lara! LARA!" Derrick ended up slapping her out of her daze to get her attention.

She raised her hand to her stinging cheek surprised by his take-charge attitude.

"Did you hear me?

We are miles away from town.

That gives us a few hours.

We have to reinforce the house.

Billy is not going to be much help.

Are you with me!?" he shouted.

She vaguely shook her acquiescence.

He was like a drill sergeant from that point on.

Instructing, directing, building, hammering through the next few hours.

The farm had plenty of supplies and Derrick wanted to make sure that all the ground floor windows and doors would be shuttered closed.

It was grueling work and the heat of summer was not helping matters much. Derrick, Billy and Lara were covered in a thick layer of sweat as they worked to build and reinforce their fortress.

The thin fabric covering Lara's body was now see-through and nothing was left to the imagination. 

It did not matter, Lara was so scared that she did not notice. Neither did Billy.

Derrick was the only one to realize what was going on in that regard, but he was not about to do anything to let them know. The work had to be completed first, and if their time on this planet was about to come to an end, there was nothing wrong with enjoying the sights of this perfect female specimen.

They all knew that time was not on their side and Lara's state of undress was never mentioned.

The farm was remote and isolated in farmland country in the middle of a country road. Maybe the zombies would not be there for days. But, the group could not think that way. The horror shown on TV was driving them on, they had a mission.

Derrick had been an avid fan of zombie fiction and instinctively knew what needed to be done.

They worked for hours through the night and through the morning.

Sometime around noon, the first floor of the old farm house was secured. The only way in and out of the house was now through the second-floor windows. From the images shown of TV, it looked and felt like the rigid living corpses of the monsters would not be smart or agile enough for them to be able to get up there.

That first reinforced floor was almost pitch black due to the planks lining the windows. Only small rays of dust-filled sunlight were coming through. The main source of daylight came from the second story window that was overlooking the main staircase of the house.

The group finally took their first break.

Derrick and Billy sat on the stairs as Lara stood in front of them.

Parched and tired, they were sharing a large pitcher of cold water, forgoing the conventional use of glasses.

The pitcher changed hands a few times in silence.

On the third pass, as Lara tilted her head back to get the last of the water, the cold water rushed out faster than she had anticipated and ran down her face onto her chest.

She looked down and abruptly realized that she was essentially nude in front of the two young men.

She turned beet red and quickly gave the pitcher to Billy so she could raise her hands and arms to cover up.

Derrick gave her a smirk that further raised her level of embarrassment.

Billy was staring into the void, not yet realizing that the mood of the house had suddenly changed.

"Put your arms down!" ordered Derrick.

Lara was tetanized in place surprised by the assertive tone of the young man she had known since he had been a young boy.

"Put your arms down!" he repeated amused by Lara's lack of reaction.

Lara did not know how to process the phrase. She wanted to run up to her room to get changed but Billy and Derrick were barring her passage. Billy was at the bottom of the stairs to one side, Derrick was on the other side of him a few stairs further up. There was no clear straight path for her to take.

"Put. Your. Arms. DOWN!" Derrick repeated a third time more forcefully accentuating the last word of his sentence.

"Let... Let... Let me go change," countered Lara with some difficulty.

"You... you... you cannot look at me this way... Bee... Bee... Billy cannot see me like this!" she stuttered.

"Come on," retorted Derrick, "you have been giving me the best show for several hours. What difference does it make now?"

"Your itsy bitsy nightgown has been clinging to you like a glove.

You have shown me everything.

Heck, I even know that your pussy is hairless!" he said with an even larger smile.

"Iiiick!" shrieked Lara sickened by the comments.

Billy finally turned to her at that shrilling sound.

Lara bolted when she met his eyes. 

She did not want Billy to realize what was going on, but if she stayed like that any longer he would eventually see what Derrick had been talking about.

Billy was like that. He could be in a trance a minute and then listen attentively to the conversation the next minute. It was these moments of interaction that led Lara to believe that Billy was not completely shut-into his brain.

But now, she was worried that her little brother would see her essentially naked.

She ran away towards the kitchen, towards the service staircase. She could reach her room to get changed by going up that way.

Derrick was in hot pursuit behind her.

"No!... no!... no!... Derrick stop!" pleaded Lara as she kept on bumping into furniture in the dark.

The young man was closing in on her as she finally reached the kitchen.

The door to the secondary staircase was closed and Lara stopped running long enough to pull it open.

Derrick grabbed onto the soaking nightie.

Lara tried to pull away.

"Riiiip" went the nightgown as the front started to tear apart.

Lara, however, did not heed the warning sound and kept on pulling away from Derrick.

"Riiiip" kept on going the dress.

She was free!

The sudden release made her stumble forward, she lost her balance and fell on the cracking pale-blue linoleum floor of the dark kitchen.

Derrick was now standing over her.

Lara got to her knees and only then realized the awfulness of her action.

Only then, did she see that the gown had fallen apart in the worst possible way. It had stayed in Derrick's hands as she had broken free from the young man.

She was nude!

Except for the pair of flip flops that she had slipped on as she had gotten out of bed, she was completely naked.

She was now bare as the day she was born.

She tried to cover up. She tried to keep some modicum of modesty.

"Look what you made me do," he growled towering over her.

She was bunched on the floor with her arms around her knees.

"Derrick... Let me go get dressed..." she pleaded with him.

The young man was not listening to her.

He grabbed her wrists and started pulling her to her feet. 

She tried pulling back. 

She wanted to keep her arms to herself, draped in front of her breasts to cover them. 

He just kept pulling away and up. He was so much stronger, so much taller than her.

"Stop it!

This is not funny anymore!

You can't do that.

I was your babysitter.

I watched you grow up with my little brother.

Stop it this minute!" she asserted; trying to reason him with authority.

The change of tone did not help.

She was now standing with her arms above her head completely nude.

"No... no... no..." she kept on repeating as she wrestled with him.

She pulled and fought to get free. She dragged her feet.

Her flip flops were lost in the struggle and she now stood completely naked from her head to her toes.

She pulled back down, using all her weight, trying to sit back on the kitchen floor.

She fought to exhaustion but her reserves of energy had been depleted through the sleepless night of back breaking work.

Derrick was just too strong for her. The weight difference, the mass, was too much.

The fight was lost before it had even begun.

"This is wrong.

Derrick.

Let me go.

Please.

What are doing?

Why are you doing this?

Derrick...

Stop!" she kept on beseeching him.

Shame and embarrassment began coursing through her. Tears welled in her eyes.

Once she stopped struggling, Derrick pulled her wrists behind her back.

His hands were so big and so powerful that he managed to hold both of her wrists with his left hand.

To her utter humiliation, he used his right hand to grope her ass.

He squeezed, pinched and lifted her right cheek aggressively. 

He forced her up to her toes as his fingers bit into her crack.

Lara was too tired to fight back. 

Forced to her tippy toes she barely had enough balance to stay on her feet. He could lead her as he wished like a puppet on a string.

The shame had now reached a fevering boil. 

Lara was flush with embarrassment.

The struggle and the exertion had driven her body into overdrive.

Her face was red as was her neck. 

Her nipples were taut and erect.

Lara did not understand what was happening.

Her body seemed to be betraying her. Was she enjoying this?

She was showing all the signs as sexual arousal. 

Mentally and intellectually she did not want this, but it seemed that the deep burning shame had turned her on.

Despite her best judgment, Lara was aroused. She was mortified, ashamed, embarrassed and utterly humiliated and so very, very excited. This was easily the worst thing that she had ever experienced.

Or so she thought.

The man began pushing her back towards the main staircase, where Billy was still sitting.

Panic set in once again.

"Derrick!

No!

Not in front of Billy!

Not in front of my brother!

He can't see me like that!

Not Billy!

Derrick!

Please!

Please!

Not in front of him.

Go the other way.

Go through the kitchen!

Please!

Turn around!

Not in front of him.

No!

I can't be seen naked by my little brother.

It's wrong!

Turn around!" she begged him.

But Derrick kept on pushing her relentlessly towards the sunlit staircase. She could not stop him.

Billy looked up as she stepped into the sunlight naked.

Derrick held her there for what felt like an eternity.

Time stood still. Everything seemed to be frozen in its place.

Lara was shocked by Billy's reaction and Derrick noticed it too. 

A lightning bolt had passed in his stare.

The boy who had been so absent for so many years was in the room once again.

He was looking intently at Lara and Lara wanted to dig a hole to China in which to hide.

The utter shame hit her in waves. It hit her in spasms that forced her body to tense and twitch uncontrollably.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" she whispered gasping uncontrollably as she lost control of her body.

For some reason these muscular pulses affected her at her core. It made her vaginal muscles contract repetitively. The mucus membrane of her most intimate flesh began overproducing copious amounts of lubricating juices. The hot liquids of her aroused pussy started flowing past her inflamed lips.

She nearly orgasmed for the experience. 

She wanted to speak but words would not come out.

Her brain was screaming:

'Billy! 

Look down!

Don't stare at me this way!

Stop!

Billy!

This is so wrong!

I am your big sister!

Brothers are not supposed to see their naked sisters!

Look away!

Billy!

No!

Don't look at your buck-naked sister!

I am your big sister.'

Her brain was spinning with all these thoughts as the humiliation made her dizzy.

'He is my little brother,

I'm ten years his elder.' she thought. This was so wrong in so many ways.

She wished she could say:

'Don't look at me.

Turn away!

Turn away!'

But, alas, the words could not come out of her mouth. 

'Oooh! I am so ashamed! I am so ashamed! I am so ashamed!' like a broken record, the state of her humiliation kept on spinning in her mind.

Billy was intently looking at her the way he had not looked at any other person in years.

The second she stepped into the room something happened.

The apparition of her naked flesh shinning so bright in the sunlight attracted him like a moth to a flame.

Lara had come back into the room.

Lara was good and Billy liked Lara.

Lara was kind and Lara was beautiful.

These were the kind of thoughts that would usually traverse the young man's thoughts when his sister stepped into a room.

But today was different.

Today, Lara was naked.

Billy's mind fizzled with excitement.

Billy usually did not like to touch people. He did not like hugs or kisses or any kind of contact with others.

But Lara looked so soft. Lara looked so pink. Lara looked so good.

For the first time in years, Billy wanted to reach out and touch someone.

Billy wanted to feel his sister, hug her, grab her, and get real close to her.

The boy who had hardly expressed any emotion in years looked like he really wanted something.

It was not a look that Lara was accustomed to and she was reading his desire in his eyes as she stood naked in front of him. 

Her humiliation rose tenfold along with the uncontrollable level of her carnal desires. 

Billy had noticed her nudity and her nudity had caused Billy to react in a new way, in a different way.

And to make matters even worse for Lara... for her to be crimson to a crisp with embarrassment... Derrick had noticed the change in Billy's attitude too!

"Billy boy!" he interjected.

"Welcome back!"

"Do you like what you see?" he asked.

Billy just kept on ogling Lara's naked form without a reply.

With her arms held behind her back, the young woman was utterly exposed to her little brother.

The shame was oozing through her mind now in unison with the humiliating traces of her sexual arousal which were dripping down her inner thighs.

Big, bright, gripping, hot to the point of asphyxiation; her humiliation overflowed as she was suffocating in it.

Her little brother's eyes were burning her to her core.

She could not take it anymore. She lowered her head, hoping to hide her face beneath her cascading blond mane.

She could no longer face these simmering eyes full of lust and desire.

When Derrick finally pushed her to go up the stairs, she felt relief from the strangling grip that had knotted her throat and had kept her from breathing. She took a deep breath, the first gulp of air in what felt like ages.

Billy's eyes followed her nude figure until she was out of his sight.

His mind was racing. Lara was here. Lara was good. He wanted to touch Lara, he wanted to hold her.

Where was she? Why was Lara not with Billy anymore?

Lara's body was now a fireball. She felt the raw degradation burning throughout her core. She felt herself to be at the brink of the biggest orgasm she had experienced. How could this be?

As she realized that she was being led to her bedroom, she started dragging her feet to try and slow Derrick's progress.

"No... no... no... no, no, no... no... No!" she kept on grunting as she fought with the young man.

Billy was still sitting on the stairs. Where was Lara? 

"I want to see Lara," he contemplated to himself. That thought was new to him.

He just wanted to be near his sister again.

His mind was so used to shutting out the outside world. Everything was usually so muffled and so out of focus like a haze of sounds and sights.
