 I stood up and turned my back on the orgy around me as Lord Di Mercurio led me out of the room. As much as I wanted to continue to watch the passionate show around me I wanted to find out what he meant by having plans for me.

We walked into a darkened hall and the handsome Lord Di Mercurio to whom I had been given as a prize took me in his arms and told me to hold on to him. For a moment I felt the coolness of his skin and then a coldness chilled my bones as I was surrounded by darkness and the world felt as if it had twisted. 

I stumbled in his arms and realized that we were no longer in the darkened hall outside of my father's feasting hall but in a lush and beautiful room filled with splendid furniture and a huge bed. I looked out of the window and realized that we were now high up in a tower of a castle I had never seen before and that we were in a different part of the country, surrounded by mountains instead of the rolling plains and vineyards that made up my father's lands.

"How?" I asked when I felt as if I could talk again.

He laughed at me and said " Lasombra, we control the shadows, the very darkness itself and I can move us from one place to another through darkness easy enough, in fact I can do many things with shadows as you will soon see."

Even with the soft and seductive tone of his voice that sounded like a threat and I began to wonder if I would survive this night.

Lord Di Mercurio walked over to me and lead me near the bed as he reached up and began pulling the combs that were holding my nearly knee length hair up so that it tumbled in braids down my back. 

"You must learn to trust me and you will soon enough, I will teach you pleasure and you will return it to me many times over." he said as he took me in his arms and began to kiss me, at first slow and soft, then quickly with more passion. 

I was drowning in his kisses with my eyes shut as I felt his hands began to trace up and down my back, I was so lost in the feel of his mouth that at first I did not notice that it seemed as if I was being touched all over until I felt what I thought was a pair of hands lifting my skirt and another touching my chest as yet another began undoing the buttons at the back of my dress.

I opened my eyes and pulled back in his embrace to see shadows so dark they seemed solid coming out of his body and swirling around us, shadows that touched me all over and began to stroke me. I wanted to be terrified, part of my brain told me to run but something else made me want to see what would happen, what these shadows could do to me. 

For once in my life I did the brave thing and stood still in his arms as the shadow hands continued to stroke and undress me. Hands of darkness wrapped themselves around my legs undoing the garters that held up my stockings and rolling them down my legs, sensuously stroking every inch of the way.

Fingers I could not see but could imagine undid the buttons at my back and slid my dress down my body, touching me intimately as they moved across me until I stood only in a chemise. It was then that I realized the same shadow hands had stripped the clothes from Lord Di Mercurio, that he stood before me naked like a god. His chest was perfectly muscular and his waist sender and as my eyes traveled downward I realized that the cock between his legs was considerably bigger than any I had seen that night and I began to experience fear at the idea of it in my virgin body.

I must of looked terrified because he stroked my face with his own hand as he lead me across the room. "Do not fear that I will tear you apart with this tool, I have ways of making sure you can enjoy and take it in you but you must trust me, you must give yourself to me and my shadows and offer yourself up to darkness."

I hesitated only a second before nodding and when he told me to stand near the edge of the canopy bed I did so even as he walked half a dozen feet away and sat in a plush chair looking at me. I felt the shadow hands in my hair pulling on my braids and felt my own hands being lifted above my head towards the sturdy canopy a few feet above my. I was shocked and yet oddly aroused as the shadows began to wrap my own braids around my wrists, pulling them together over my head and binding them together. The shadows then took the remaining hair and wrapped it around the thin but sturdy beam that the curtains of the canopy were to be hung, I was now secured with my hands over my head by my own hair.

I could see by the look on his face that Lord Di Mercurio was enjoying every second of this and when he told me that yes he could feel everything his shadows touched I knew without a doubt he was reading my mind. I wondered for only a second if he knew how aroused I was and knew instantly that I could hide nothing from him.

He laughed and one of the shadows reached out and pulled at the thin delicate material of my chemise, ripping it down the front, leaving me exposed to the candle light.

Before I could even react or think of trying to cover myself more tendrils of shadow reached for me, stroking nearly every inch of my skin. I gasped softly as shadows as thin as my own fingers wrapped themselves around my nipples and began to pull and kneed at them. The tendrils felt as if they were both solid and real, only slightly cool to the touch, bringing goosebumps to my skin. My nipples swelled and hardened the way they did sometimes in the cold of the morning and the feeling was very enjoyable and distracting. 

I could feel the moisture between my legs begin to drip lightly down my thighs and as I thought of it I felt shadows wrap around my ankles and push them about a foot and a half apart. I had to stand on tip toe to keep from having my hair pulled and this made me feel even more exposed than I ever had as the shadow tendrils began to wrap themselves sinuously up my legs and down my belly until the met in the middle. 

One of the tendrils was as thin as my little finger and began to explore between my legs, stroking the lips of my pussy and lightly parting them. The tendril stroked lightly back and forth on the outside of the lips then slowly traced them again closer to the center. The attention was making me even wetter and I began to feel a warmth there I had never had before.

I gasped quietly as the think finger of darkness found what I would later learn was my clit. The tendril touched my swollen clitty softly at first, teasing me and making it swell even more then began to flick it faster and faster. I began to squirm as the feeling between my legs spread to my stomach like fire. My nipples got even more swollen, something I would of sworn they could not have done and my skin became so sensitive that I could feel every bit of the tendrils of shadow on me.

By now I could barely stand but letting go of my weight on my tiptoes pulled painfully on my hair so I had to stand the entire time as the touch became more and more insistent. Finally I lost all control, I shivered as waves of pleasure radiated through my body and I began to shake and shiver all over. If it was not for the shadow "hands" holding me up I would have ripped the hair out of my scalp as I fell to the floor with my first orgasm.

I thought surely I could not take any more but the tendril began to tease me again, flicking and touching the most sensitive part of my body. I felt the climax begin again and tried to hold out against it for a moment only to have the tendril become more insistent in its teasing. I relaxed control and wave after wave of fiery pleasure consumed me. Time and again until I lost count the waves came, even as I begged him to stop Lord Di Mercurio just smiled and his shadows continues to trace across my skin like so many random fingers and torment my swollen clit. 

I had lost count of how many times he pushed me over the edge and had tears streaming down my face. I would think I could not take any more pleasure then the tendrils would slow down and I would find myself seeking the next orgasm until I could barely breath.

As I tried desperately to catch my breath I felt another tendril lightly pushing against the tender opening below my clit, and I was shocked at how easily it slipped into my tight pussy. I again squirmed as the feeling of fullness grew slowly greater, as my virgin cunt was invaded by darkness itself. Slowly I felt it push at the door of my virginity, I had been warned this would hurt and was prepared for it to be dreadful so when the first tendril began to tease my clit again even faster and two others began to tweak my nipples harder I was surprised by the sudden burst of pain I felt just as I began to cum again.

I felt more tears slide down my cheeks and wondered why the people had seemed so happy to have cocks inside their bodies and what was wrong with me. 

It was only a moment or so before I realized that the pain was gone and the sensation between my legs had become pleasurable. Just as that thought passed through my head I could feel the tendril in my cunt begin the slowly thicken, pushing the walls of my pussy wider and wider. Pressure inside me grew little by little but the entire time the other tendrils teased and stroked my body. The one on my clit had slowed down to soft brushing and seemed to stroke my poor tender clit as if trying to sooth it. More tendrils swirled around me flicking my nipples, stroking my back and stomach and even the back of my knees. It felt as if every inch of my body had been touched and I wanted more.

The dark tendrils flowed out of Lord Di Mercurio's body as I watched, others were stroking his body and his cock seemed to be surrounded by hands made of darkness. 

Soon the feeling of fullness inside me was amazing and I was sure I could not take anymore as I realized the shadow "hands" were untying my hair and my wrists and pushing me over onto the huge bed. 

Still I was being fucked by solid darkness, my tender young pussy opened wide by a shadow more real than any I could imagine. As I writhed and moaned I saw that Lord Di Mercurio was standing over me and that the shadows were slowly going back into his body, when the final one that was inside of me slipped out of my body I wanted to cry with the feeling of emptiness.

My emptiness did not last long as he got onto the bed between my legs and lifted my ankles over his shoulders. His huge hard cock pushed against the opening of my tender pussy and I was sure it would never fit as I felt myself spread even wider and he suddenly plunged into me filling me even fuller that the tendrils had.

I cried out and held my breath for a moment and then took a deep breath as he began to slowly work his mammoth cock into my cunt. Stroke after stroke his cock plunged into my body, his rhythm perfectly matching the throbbing in my pussy from all the orgasms. 

He began to push deeper and faster and I felt his huge cock rubbing against my clit as it spread me wider then even the shadows had. I was spread so wide it felt as if I would be split in two and at the same time it felt as if it was what I was meant for. All the pain had faded finally and now there was only pleasure as he filled me up to bursting. 

Again the darkness came out of him like hands and began to tease my body even more, a tendril of darkness flowed between us and began to flick my clitty with each stroke of his cock. Another tendril wrapped itself around my full breasts like a satin rope and bound them together, pulling them tight and firm and making them so sensitive that when another tendril of darkness flicked across first one nipple then the other I howled with pleasure as another orgasm struck me. I had always been slightly embarrassed by having such large beasts on such a petit body, I had felt that they were in my way and made my clothes fit less well but now I was enjoying everything about them.

Tendrils stroked my neck and the side of my face, teasing behind my ears, a place I had never thought of as sensitive til that moment. Every inch of me was alight with pleasure.

Again and again he plunged what seemed to be his entire length into me until I came yet again and that was when he began to truly pound his wonderful cock into my body harder and harder until I lay there exhausted.

Lord Di Mercurio pulled out of me and told me to get on my hands and knees and prepare to suck my own juices off of his cock. I had seen so many people taking cocks into their mouths in the feasting chamber that night that I had some idea of what he wanted but not how I would fit such a huge cock into my mouth. 

I wrapped one of my small hand around the base wishing that I had longer fingers as it would not go all the way around the base of his swollen cock. I traced my tongue up and down his length, trying to get all of my sticky juices off of it and paying close attention to what touches of mine seemed to make him react the most.

Finally I began to lick and stroke the head of his cock with my tongue, tracing the glands and flicking the hole until I became brave enough to take the head of it in my mouth. I felt as if I could at least learn to take as much as the final handmaiden had of Lord de Alombro's cock even though I knew my lovers cock was much larger than his sires.

I felt his hands in my hair as he began to push his cock deeper into my mouth and for a moment it felt as if I would choke to death until I figured out how to breath with the big cock in my mouth. Slowly it went deeper and deeper into my mouth until I just could not take any more.

I was sure I would choke to death there and then as he pulled back and began to slowly work his cock in and out of my mouth the same way he had fucked my pussy. I began to relax and take more of it in my mouth until I estimated I had nearly six inches of it in my mouth pushing against my throat and nearly that much trying to get in.

My skin had begun to feel bereft of the touch of his tendrils, of the tentacles of darkness that had teased and pleasured me. No sooner had this thought entered my mind then I felt one tendril begin to trace my backbone, then another wrapped itself around my breasts again pulling them tight and binding them in darkness. One after another I felt tendrils of shadow tease my sensitive body, touching my stomach, my thighs and finally when I thought I would go mad, my clit.

I felt an orgasm slowly building and was overjoyed to feel another tentacle of my lords shadows begin to enter my pussy. I sighed and took his cock even deeper into my mouth, something I never would of believed I could do, his movements continued slow and sure, in and out of my mouth.

Finally as the orgasm that had slowly been building peaked I felt a strange sensation at my backside and it took a moment to realize a very slender tendril was attempting to enter my asshole. I panicked for a moment and tightened up until I heard his voice above me, "You promised to trust me little one, trust me now you will enjoy this as much as everything else we have done."

I took a breath around the giant cock in my mouth and made myself relax as the tendril in my pussy began to swell again and the one on my clit worked it magic.  For a second all I could think of was the sensation of that cool darkness on my hot, swollen and very sensitive clit, so that I was surprised to realize one of the tendrils had already slipped into my asshole.

I was surprised that it barely hurt, only a slight feeling of discomfort as the tendril began to thicken to the width of first one of my fingers then one of his until it was easily the size of two of his fingers and maybe twice as long. The tendril began to move in and out of my ass in the same rhythm as the one filling my pussy and the one filling my mouth as full as it could go.

My entire body was on fire, and I was fuller and more sensitive than I ever thought possible, a hard swollen cock bigger than any I had seen that night was in my mouth, hands of flesh in my hair and tendrils of shadow touching my skin, binding my breasts and most of all filling my pussy and ass to the point of no return.

I cried out as Lord Di Mercurio pulled his cock from my mouth until I realized he was sitting on the bed and lifting me up on his cock as the shadow pulled out of my pussy to give him room. The shadow tendril in my ass continued to pulse and slide in and out as I rode up and down on my lord's cock driving me insane. My still bound breasts pushed against his bare muscular chest and the sensation of my warm flushed skin against his always cool flesh was oddly exciting.

I thought I could stand no more as he kissed me and I was shocked to feel another orgasm building inside me. Just as it began to peak he pulled away from my lips and sank his teeth into the soft skin of my neck.

I screamed, not in pain but ecstasy as the most searing pleasure I had ever felt coursed through my body and then I slumped, barely able to breath, barely able to think. I could vaguely feel hands lifting me up and laying me in the bed and I thought I heard his voice from a distance as the covers were being put over me.

"It is nearly day break little one and I must go, you will be taken care of and I will be back after sunset to continue your training, you will make a wonderful toy."

I snuggled deep into the soft bed feeling amazing joy at the idea of being anything to him even a toy.