 I would like to extend my deepest appreciation to my dear friend "L." For editing this story, but more importantly. For being my muse and siren. Your friendship is 24K Gold. 






It had been one of the worst years of Laura Walker's life.

Her job, one she had once loved had become a prison sentence. There were other issues going on also. But on this Friday afternoon as she packed her car for vacation, she placed all that at the back of her mind.

Tomorrow, Laura was headed for a Saturday to Saturday vacation at an oceanfront beach house on St. Simons Island.

Laura was one of nine people going to the beach house. The other eight people were couples, mostly family and two friends of the family. Laura was the only person that was single and that suited her fine. She was looking forward to a week of decompressing from her job, looking forward to a week of relaxation and fun.

Laura went back inside her house. It was a five hour drive from Atlanta to St. Simons Island. Since the house didn't become available until after 4:00 PM, there was no rush to leave especially early tomorrow but Laura did want look through some of the local shops. She settled on a time between 8:00 and 9:00 AM to leave.

Laura's alarm sounded its awful cacophony at 6:30 AM on Saturday. She rolled over and shut it off. "I better get up and get ready," she thought.

Laura shaved her legs and showered. Drying herself off, she looked in the mirror. A beautiful woman gazed back at her. "Screw it Laura, you're on vacation!" she said aloud. She decided to let her hair dry naturally and only apply a little makeup.

She dressed and ate a light breakfast. At 8:36 AM, Laura got in her car to officially begin her vacation. The late summer day held the promise impending heat. Laura opened her car windows letting the wind blow through her hair, at least until she reached the highway.

The drive eastward then south was uneventful. Laura stopped for lunch and gas and then continued her journey. Laura arrived at St. Simons Island a little bit before 3:00 PM. She looked at her phone seeing that there were several messages from the others saying they had arrived or soon would. She replied to each one, then set out to explore the shops.

Laura's interest in the shops is twofold. Firstly, she wanted to purchase some gifts for the people in her life. Secondly, in a few years, she would qualify for lifetime medical coverage from her job. "Then, screw it all to hell!" she thinks, a wry smile crossing her face. "I can open a small shop like this and leave that rat race behind," the idea crossing her mind.

Laura followed her GPS to the address of the beach house. She pulled into the driveway. The blue house with the coral trim brought the sense of relaxation and tranquility.

Laura went inside. Almost everyone was already there. There were hugs and kisses exchanged with one another. Two of the men went to Laura's car and brought her luggage in.

Laura chose one of the upstairs bedrooms in the front of the house. Although it didn't face the ocean because of the design of the house, there was a very short hallway to her bedroom. This afforded her the privacy and solitude she was looking for.

The days and nights soon settled into a pleasant routine. People woke when they wanted and did what they felt like doing. The early risers would make coffee and breakfast; and watch the sunrise as the sea oats nodded their heads in the gentle pre-dawn breeze. The late sleepers would cook dinner or serve as bartenders.

People laughed, people cried. People connected to who they were away from the clock, away from the outside world.

Laura would wake as she wanted. Some mornings she would stay in bed and read awhile. Other mornings she would shower right away and join the others downstairs.

Laura would take a walk on the beach each day. She would watch the pods of dolphins swim by, the pelicans patrolling the waves, the sandpipers, and the gulls. And some days she was deep in thought and saw none of those things. On some days the tears flowed. Some days, happiness filled her heart. Her introspection opened many doors.

As the end of the week approached, everyone was feeling a little apprehensive so the entire group decide to have a dinner party with the emphasis on party. They bought steaks and seafood and plenty of margarita mix. The music played. The women danced with each other. The men danced with the women. The men even danced with each other. Everyone laughed, everyone ate their fill.

After they cleaned up the dinner dishes, they sat in the den and joked and drank some more. As the hour and the margaritas took their toll, people drifted off to bed. Finally only Laura and one of the other women remained.

Then finally it was just Laura. Given the late hour, sleep was still elusive so Laura decided to take a walk on the beach. She knew enough not to go far. She just wanted some time alone to think before the end of vacation.

Laura walks a short distance and then decides it's time to go back to the house. As she reaches the bottom step of the four that led to the boardwalk back to the house, a lurid little thought crosses Laura's mind. Laura giggles aloud at the notion. She decides to take a nude swim in the ocean.

And because she's had a margarita or two, Laura's nightgown is over her head and off in an instant. She steps out of her panties and drapes both over the handrail. In a moment, she is in the warm late August water. The waves are small, so there is little to worry about.

Laura swims out past the small breaking waves. She wants to feel the weightlessness of floating without being able to touch bottom. After a few minutes Laura feels it's time to go in.

Suddenly, Laura feels the pressure wave of something large swim past her. Paralyzing fear grips her. She panics! She slips below the surface. Again she feels it swim past her, closer this time. She wants to touch the bottom...to feel the safety of land.

In Laura's, desperation she swallowed some water. Gasping for air, Laura struggled not to drown. All this struggling only made matters worse. Once again she sinks to her watery grave.

Then Laura felt a pair of strong arms cradle her, lifting her towards the moonlight. She felt her body being gently placed on the shore. She opened her eyes. Before her is a man with blonde hair, an athletic build, and the brightest blue eyes she had ever seen. His eyes seem to be lit from within.

Then Laura notices he has a tail, not legs. He is a Merman.

He leans in close. Out of curiosity. Out of fascination. Out of desire. Their lips are barely apart. They can hear each other's' breathing. Their lips meet. They each recoil in shock.

You see, what is our sixth sense has developed into their telepathic communication. Every thought, every feeling, every memory is projected onto each other's mind. 

They kiss again. She sees the beauty of the oceans. That Poseidon and Neptune were great leaders of the Merpeople.

He sees the diversity of life upon land and sadly, mankind's cruelty to one another, the animals, and the very earth itself. But greater than those images, they each see their longing and desires for each other.

His lips kiss slowly down her body. Laura's breathing deep and heavy, her ample breasts rise and fall. He kisses her nipples. Laura murmurs with pleasure. He is overwhelmed with the feeling. That she wants; she NEEDS him to kiss lower. He continues kissing down Laura's stomach. Her back arches. 

Laura is consumed by lust. He reaches the swollen outer lips of her pussy. This is something he has never done. Laura feels that she is on fire. His tongue finds her. Laura stifles a scream of pleasure. He is ravenous with hunger. Laura's pleasure is cast upon his mind. He performs exactly what she wants. Laura has never felt this; never had such pleasure.

Small orgasms course through her. A looming orgasm threatens to overtake her. Laura is powerless to stop it. Her body stiffens. She begins to quiver. Laura grabs his blond curly hair forcing his face deeper into her body. The force of her orgasm surprises her. Laura pushes him off her on to his back in the shallow water. Laura straddles him. She kisses his chest.

Up until this point Laura has not seen his cock. As she sensually kisses down his body. Laura notices something begin to emerge from a small slit below his waist. It pushes outward. Silvery in the moon's glow, the head of it is like the flukes on a squid's body. It wriggles and seeks as if it has a mind of its own.

Laura has a burning desire to take him in her mouth. Laura grasps him and plunges him in to her mouth. His fingers clawing the wet sand. He has never experienced this before.

Projected on her thoughts is everything he wants now.

He knows everything Laura will do to him. Her lips and tongue tease his cock. Laura nibbling along the flukes. His cock wriggling almost uncontrollable with his pleasure. She senses he is near orgasm.

Laura must feel him inside her. She straddles him. Her hot moistness of her pussy meets the cool slickness of his cock.

Laura drives herself down on him engulfing him completely. His cock searches inside her touching places that have never been touched before and in ways Laura has never been touched before.

Her pussy driven by animal want and by primal desire clinches upon him. Laura digs her fingernails into his chest. They both sense their closeness to ultimate ecstasy. Their bodies move in perfect harmony. He cums deep inside her. Spraying his cool seed in a way Laura has never felt.

Laura loses her fight to control what is beyond her control her orgasms from deep inside her body...from deep inside her primordial being. Laura collapses onto him their breath fast and shallow...



It's 3:47AM when Laura wakes up on the couch. Softly she says aloud, "Oh my God! What a strange dream that was. That's the last time I drink margaritas right before bed."

Laura goes to the kitchen sink to get a glass of water. She can hear people softly snoring upstairs. She moves to the sliding glass doors to look out on the ocean. The waning moon shimmering on the surface. A movement catches her eye.

There, just beyond the breaking waves. The silhouette of a man. And with the flash of a tail. He was gone.


The End