 Laurel walked in these woods so many times over the years, enjoying the quite, peace and solitude. Little did she know that she had for a very long time been watched by envious eyes and desired by those magnificent large deep brown eyes. The eyes of a youngster not quite ready yet to act on his desires.

But now he had come of age. He had been blooded by the elders of his clan as he came of age, he had hunted with the weapons of his clan and killed in a one on one hunt and he had had his first female. He was ready to indulge his passions for the vision of the female that walked the woods and haunted his dreams.

He trotted to the place where he knew she would come eventually and waited patiently as he had been taught as a hunter. This female was the object of his hunt. She was not exactly lovely by his standards, the fact that she walked on two legs and had no mane didn't seem to matter to him that much. Every time he saw her he felt that familiar stirring in his loins like he did when he smelled the scent of a female of his clan. 

He ate and drank from the pool by which he waited several time before he heard the familiar noises that heralded her approach to the pool. Humans were also so noisy. He grinned, his thick lips pulling back over massive teeth as she came into view. He watched silently as she approached the pool and began, as she always did, to remove her clothing before entering the pool. He slipped quietly through the brush and took her clothing from the bush upon which she had hung them.

He watched intently as she swam around the pool and he wondered why this ugly creature intrigued him so. She was pale, with hair only on her head with a soft patch of fur between her legs and these odd bags of flesh hanging from her chest. The only thing that was really anything like the females of his clan was her backside. Had it been covered with the thick coarse hair like females of his clan she would certainly have been sought after by any of the young studs he played with as a child.

As she swam back to the small sandy beach of the pool he stood quietly in the brush. She gasped in surprise as he found her clothes missing. She looked around nervously realizing someone had taken her clothing. "WWWhhhooo's there?" She asked the forest. "Please, I need my clothes."

He fidgeted stamping his feet softly on the forest floor. His member stiffened as he caught her scent and he was amazed that it was happening. She didn't even smell close to the females of his clan. It was not even a pleasant odor, but for some reason his member was swelling in preparation for mounting her and breeding the female. He stepped out of the brush and approached the edge of the pool.

She cringed as his massive form appeared from the forest edge. She stood rigid in fear as he approached her. She was frozen with fear as he approached and lowered his head to sniff at the dark patch of fur between her legs. He threw back his head and snorted as he had been taught to do by his tutors in his clan. This was done to make the other studs in the group think the female was not yet ready for breeding. She shivered with fear as he lowered his head and sniffed again at her patch. He extended his tongue and licked at the soft patch of fur.

She shivered and murmured. "Please don't hurt me." He understood her words perfectly. They had many years ago learned the speech of the humans who lived on the plains that bordered the forests that were his home. He stretched his upper torso as he fidgeted, the bellows at his chest rising and falling heavily as his excitement increased. He turned slightly letting her see his profile, his long thick member hanging down from between his legs.

"I do not intend of hurting you human." He spoke softly. "I simply want to breed you."

"Oh my god." She exclaimed. "But you can't you're not human."

"You are very perceptive for a human." He snickered. "No I am not human, but I have watched you since I was a youngster come to this pool and swim."

"You have?" Her voice showed less fear than earlier. "Why would you do that?"

"I am not entirely sure female but for some reason you attract me like no female of my clan has."

"Oh." She smiles for the first time. "But we can't do that. It's not natural."

"Believe me I know this human female." He said matter of factly. "Were my clan to find out of my abhorrent desires I would probably be banished. Never the less I have never desired a female as much as I desire you."

"Interesting." She smiled. "I am an outcast of my village. I was born to a witch and warlock and the people of my village shunned us all when I was born. I live in the edge of the woods with my mother after my father was killed my the villagers and we escaped as he fought them."

He shifted on his feet and moved closer to her. Her scent forcing his member to become painfully rigid as he breathed it in. He bounded up and down as he would before a female of his clan to show her the massive size of his swollen hard member. He snickered again as she moved closer to him rubbing her hands over his back.

He happily realized that her fear of him was gone as she caressed and rubbed his coarse hair. Her hands exploring his long back slipping up to where the hair ended up his torso. She moved around him ducking her head as she passed in front of him as his teeth sought her pale skin. "Now, now." She giggled. "Behave and I might let you have your wish."

Her hands continued their exploration as she moved down his other side. They slid down under him rubbing his belly between his legs and he stamped impatiently as the back of her hands grazed his thick swollen member. She giggled sensing his discomfort but continued to slowly caress the coarse brown and white hair of his belly. She began to fidget as the rubbed and caressed softly the areas of his ass and he swished his tail firmly slapping her in the face.

She slapped him hard on his ass and hissed, "Now you stop that or you won't get what you want." He growled deep in his chest, the bellows heaving as his passion grew higher and higher. Never had he imagined she would be a willing participant in the act he dreamed about for so long. "I have what you want and unless you obey me perfectly you'll get to go back to your can with that thing as hard as it is now and I'll follow you and tell them what you tried to do with me."

Suddenly her hands were around this thick hard member stroking it back and forth, her tiny fingers unable to wrap around it fully. He fidgeted but stood still as her hands gripped and ran up and down his throbbing member. Never before had he felt such sensations. They were certainly unlike anything the females of his clan could make him feel. They usually just stood there as he rode them hard and fast taking his member inside their warm sex organs until he bred them.

She laughed as she stroked back and forth along his member which had grown to it's full length of 18 inches. "Oh yes." She purred. "You like that don't you big boy? Is this what you imagined when you watched me naked swimming in the pool? Is this even close to what you thought it would be?" Her stroking made it impossible for him to talk and he knew he would stand there until he bred with her.

She giggled as she sat down on the forest floor her naked ass tickled by the grasses and fallen leaves. She reached under him to the opposite side she was on and tapped him to move over her. He shook with untold pleasure as her warm wet human mouth engulfed the blunt head of his member. She could not get much inside but she suckled his pulsating member as he had with his dame's nipples as a youngster.

She stoked his long shaft as she suckled and tongued his member and she shivered as he felt the familiar force building up deep inside his belly. She sensed his impending explosion as well for she pulled back removing his head from her mouth. "Oh no not yet sweetness. I want it all now." She moved around until she was bending over under him her pale hairless ass pushing back against his throbbing member.

She reached back between her legs and took his member in her hand guiding the thick blunt head between her legs. He felt the wetness envelope his head as she pushed back taking half of him deep into her belly. "Oh fuck yes." She groaned and he realized she as enjoying this as well. Unlike the females of his clan she was actively participating in her breeding. The idea caused him to push forward pushing almost all of his throbbing member into the tight wetness of her sex.

"Gods you are so huge. Never been this full before. Oh yes now my sweet lover. Breed this bitch."

He instinctively knew what she meant and her started pushing and pulling his member in and out of her sex. She was much tighter than the females of his clan and his balls began to tighten even more as the cum boiled within them. She squealed as he began to breed her. Thrusting and grunting as he impaled her over and over his climax speeding toward completion of breeding this tight female.

"Oh fuck yes." She moaned as he pushed in and began to spurt his hot seed into her belly. The amount of liquid many times more than any human male could produce and it squirted out of her sex in thick ropes unable to hold his huge member and the spunk that blew into her. She pounded back against him as if begging him for more and he pushed in deeper feeling the head slide into an even tighter opening. "FUCK, FUCK, FUCK." She screamed as his blunt head entered her cervix still spurting the thick cum of his race. 

When the last of the spurts dribbled from his member she slowly slid off and collapsed on the ground. He gingerly steeped from over her as not to injure her with his huge feet. She lay there panting hard and fast her sex gaped open from the fucking his huge member had given her. He lowered his head and sniffed as her sex. It was a strange scent that issued forth for it. It smelled like, like. No, that was impossible.

It couldn't be she was a human and he was not. There was no way this could happen. Oh, he silently prayed to the gods of his forefathers, please, please no.

She stood up and smiled his cum running down the insides of her two thighs. She sensed his panic. "Yes my sweet lover." She kissed his lips softly. "Yes sweetness, you sense it don't you. You have bred me. Impregnated this human body with your sperm. I am pregnant. Why do you think I've been coming down here these long months and years? I was waiting till you were old enough for this."

He looked at her without understanding her words. His anger rose as he realized what she had done to him. Used him to get what she wanted. He reared on his hind legs, flashing his front hooves to stamp her to death but shook his head as he landed on his back yards from where he had stood. Her hands out in front of her the greenish fire dancing at her fingertips. 

She grinned wickedly as she lowered her hands. "Yes my love and don't be angry. You were chosen from among your clan to be the father of my baby. The first child made between human and centaur to bring a new race into the world. One that will make those villagers pay for what they did to my father. You have the honor of being the father of this new race."

She walked over to him and rubbed his upper chest and whispered, "I loved it sweetness and there will be much more to come."

If you'd like to see more of this story or something similar please vote and comments