 Betty lay in the warm water, eyes closed, working her pussy to the sounds of Beethoven's Symphony No. 6 (the Pastoral, her favorite after "The Faun" ). Her fingers slid in and out, tickling her clit, bringing her to climax. Her juices mingled with the scented water. The scent of perfumed soap filled the room and blended with the aromas from the garden. 

Betty took great care with her garden, making sure it was stocked with her favorite flowers; roses and lilacs, adding lavender (after Bill's introduction), plus a couple of cherry trees. The lavender scent seemed strong tonight, not just from the bath: "More intense than usual," she thought. She heard a slight rustle, almost a slither, but attributed the sound to the cherry trees, swaying in the mild summer breeze.

"Ouch!" A sharp pain in her right shoulder shattered her calm. Startled, she opened her eyes: "What the...?" It took Betty several seconds to notice the tiny needle stuck in her shoulder, just where it curved into the arm. She thought, at first, "A bee sting?", a hazard given the number of plants around the house. She tried to remove it but only succeeded in embedding it deeper into the skin. She began to feel strange; a slow, creeping lethargy spread from her shoulder, to her neck, and down through her body. That's when she noticed the Thing at the garden entrance.

Imagine a caterpillar; a thick, fat, caterpillar: "A thick, fat, great, big, giant caterpillar," she thought with numb horror; give it six boneless, snake arms, unspooling, wormlike, from the holes which dented its body; taper each of them into six, extraordinarily long-fingered hands; top it off with a beach ball-sized neckless head as its upper segment. Two large pupiled black eyes, a thin, wide slit for a mouth, two dots for nostrils, and two tiny gills on the sides made up its face. 

The Creature's body did not move so much as undulate, the way a long-bladed plant moves under a slow running brook. Its skin was bleached bone white. This was as close a description of the unbelievable vision that confronted her. It was completely hairless and featureless, other than segmented ridges running along its length. The Creature's skin had an oily sheen that glowed in the setting sun. Betty was too shocked to make a sound; her mind too busy trying to process the sight.

The lavender aroma intensified; Betty was startled to find the scent was emanating from the Creature. "Oh my God! It smells like lavender! This is the sweetest smelling monster I've ever seen!" She almost laughed, whether from humor or hysteria, she never knew. 

The Thing crawled and slithered toward the tub. "I have to scream," Betty thought, "I need to scream. Come on Betty, scream!", but the only sound she could utter was a faint "guh". "What's wrong with me?! Scream Betty! There's a slithering alien monster coming towards you, getting ready to eat you or something and you can't scream?!", but try as she might, she could barely make a sound. 

She tried to move but, to her horror, her body refused to respond. Unable to climb out of the tub, Betty watched, helpless, as the creature slithered toward and behind her. "I'm going to die," Betty thought. She slowly, and with great effort, turned her head to stare at the wall, so she could not see what painful death the Thing had in store.

The Thing propped itself against the tub. She felt it place two of its hands on her shoulders. Strangely enough, the hands felt warm, if oily; the lavender scent calmed her somewhat. She prepared herself and closed her eyes. "It's going to rip my head off!" she thought, bidding a silent goodbye to Laura and Bobby. Instead, to her shock, the hands slid down her chest and began to squeeze and massage her breasts. 

Her boobs were bread dough in the creature's large hands. The long fingers played over her tits, made them hard, the tips standing out like pencil points. Betty's shock quickly became confusion: "I thought this thing was going to kill me and instead it's playing with my boobs?! What kind of monster is this?" Another surprised thought came to her: "This is the first time anyone's touched my breasts in three years (not counting the doctor)." In spite of her semi-paralysis, Betty began to breathe heavily.

The creature squeezed and fondled, shaped and molded her breasts like clay. Betty watched with surprise as milk began to spurt out of her nipples. "Omigod! I'm becoming aroused!" Betty thought, her breath coming in faint gasps. The breast "massage" revived feelings dormant since her marriage to Carl, "He never worked this hard on my boobs." 

"What's this thing doing to me? I didn't know I still had milk. And what's happening to the water?" Betty had been immersed to her lower shoulders, so her breasts were submerged. The creature's hands continued the massage, the oils on its skin mingled with the water. The water began to change color, taking on a light violet tint. The lavender scent of the creature increased in intensity, further arousing her. "It feels like soap," she thought, "I'm being molested by a giant walking bar of lavender scented soap." The creature briefly stopped working her breasts. Betty felt a twinge of disappointment: "I can't believe I want It to keep going!"

She didn't have long to wait; the creature's hands snaked down her body, over her belly, towards the pubic region. She could see the beads of oil on its arms as they slid past her shoulders. Its other hands slid over her shoulders to take their place on her breasts. Betty felt a third pair of hands slide down her back, over the spinal column, to the lower back and buttocks. Her body was wrapped in a tangle of oil covered arms that slid back and forth across her skin. 

She looked up at the creature bending over her. Its "face" was unreadable as its hands molded and fondled her body. Alien oils and fluids dripped from its body onto her skin. Her hair, face, and shoulders took on an oily sheen. The violet tint of the water darkened to a deep purple. Betty, already in an erotic daze, let out a gasp as the creature's other hands slid briefly over her muff and began to massage her pussy. Its long fingers entered her wet cunt and snaked towards her clit. Simultaneously, the third pair of hands squeezed and molded her ass. She felt the creature's fingers enter her asshole. Betty squirmed as the creature's oil-slickened hands moved inside her; alien oils mingled with her juices. Her vaginal walls and rectum lubricated.

The "massage" intensified. She was pumped and milked, kneaded and molded. The creature's long fingers massaged her clit; its thumbs stroked her pubic hair. Her knob swelled and her pussy produced juice, which mingled with the oils and seeped into the bathwater. 

Betty was going to cum; she could feel it. The near paralyzing lethargy had worn off; she didn't notice. Her breath came in rhythmic grunts ("ugh...ugh...ugh...") with each pump and squeeze. When Betty did notice (through the lavender haze of the coming orgasm), she remembered the grunts as the same sounds she made with Carl. "Oh God, its been that long?" were her last thoughts before obliteration by a white hot blast; the biggest, most powerful orgasm of her life.

Her body went into convulsions; it writhed and squirmed, her skin slid against the eel-like arms smearing oil into her flesh. She screamed ("Now I'm screaming.") sounds and words unuttered since she discovered the orgasm as a teenager. The convulsions arched her back, her belly rippled and spasmed, breasts mashed into the creature's hands which continued to pump and milk. Breast milk squirted in arcing fountains into the tinted water. 

Betty's ass and cunt tightened, grinding into the oiled fingers while her arms and legs thrashed wildly, almost as boneless as the creature's arms. Violet water splashed over the side of the tub, ran down the pedestal, into the drains. The water churned into a bubbly violet froth. Eventually the spasms ceased and Betty settled with a heated gasp into the tub; only to be set up for the next wave as the creature continued its devastating massage.

To Be Continued...