 The Alien's many hands worked over her supple body. Its eel-like arms slithered across her warm skin. Long, broad fingers slid in and out of her wet pussy, now pouring cum into the deep purple water. Milk squirted out of her breasts to blend in the coital soup. 

Betty's orgasms increased in number and intensity; her body became oily slick and saturated: "I'm...wet...inside ...and...out," she thought between gasps. Betty's mind drowned in the pleasurable flow of the transformed water. A lethargic thought rose to the surface before sinking in the orgasmic flood, "Some...thing...is... hap...pen...ing...to...me." 

Something was happening; the Alien's purpose was not completely sexual. The "massage" forced the biped into multiple orgasms, allowing the Alien to milk it of body fluids. Mixed with his own oils and water, they formed a nutrient-rich soup necessary for the Process. The oils also contained microscopic nanobots. The Alien had injected them into his body prior to leaving the ship. Their function involved genetic reconstruction and mutagenic enhancement. Theoretically, these machines could have repaired the damage to the Alien's body but, unfortunately, the original package containing the 'bots' lacked the specific med-repair program for his species (an issue the Alien, if the Process worked, intended to raise, quite forcefully, with the manufacturer). 

The oils had biochemical properties included in the nanobots' enhancement program. Already, they were making subtle but necessary changes to the biped's genetic makeup. Areas of the body, where the blood vessels were close to the surface (such as the rectum and vaginal cavity), were ideal places to introduce the machines. Oils were rubbed into the biped's skin for similar purposes of alteration. Blood, skin, bone, and muscle took on new properties. Her brain, nervous system, respiratory and digestive systems were re-ordered into new functions.

Betty was becoming a hybrid of human and alien. Only a thorough examination, using the most advanced medical technology, would detect any change. The alien technologies were state of the art and subtle in function. It wasn't wise to have primitives receive concrete evidence of aliens among them.

Betty was experiencing wave after wave of orgasms, each one on top of the other; powerful mini-novas of pleasure, far surpassing all sexual experience. She always thought of herself as a "quiet fuck" (Carl's term). Betty enjoyed sex but rarely made noise when she performed it. The orgasm with the creature marked her first scream in years. Even Carl couldn't draw out that reaction. So far as she was concerned, her experience made Carl irrelevant.

Now, as the creature massaged her body, she made faint grunts and gasps. Her responses reduced to a sequence of convulsions, shudders, and spasms. The creature had complete control - "Do...what...you...want...to...me. I...ssssurrr...eeennn...derrrr!" She was boneless and pliable, her body reduced to jelly, her mind thrust into a perfumed haze of exhaustive pleasure. She wanted to beg the creature to stop and, at the same time, not stop. She came over and over, losing all sense of time, as the creature worked through the evening and into the night. At the end, she was primal; reduced to the most basic senses: touch, sound, smell.

When the creature stopped, she barely noticed. As it withdrew its appendages from her body, Betty, still quivering from her last orgasm, gasped out a faint "Please." She was unsure of the nature of her plea. 

Post-coital exhaustion rather than alien venom caused a new lethargy. She settled into the tub and realized, with panic, she had no strength to pull herself up. She sank deeper. 

"I'm going to drown!" 

There was a faint slither; the creature was moving to the end of the tub.

Betty watched as it crawled over the rim, exposing its underside. The creature had no feet; instead they were circular stubs, like suction cups. In spite of her exhaustion, Betty was fascinated by how the creature used its arms and "cups" to "flow" over the rim into the tub: "So this is how it got over the wall." 

The creature's bulk brought the water back to the brim (the earlier activity had caused some water to splash out of the tub and down the drains). The oils from its body blended into the water, staining it a deeper violet as it crawled towards her. It reached out and seized her in its six arms. The creature used its upper and middle arms to prop her up, placing two of its hands on her shoulders, and wrapping its other arms around her torso. 

"What's it going to do now?" she asked herself. 

Betty got her answer as the creature used its lower pair to spread her legs.

To Be Continued...