 The creature raised its body slightly. A long, fleshy tube emerged from a slit in the creature's lower segment. The ripples and color of the water made it difficult for Betty to guess the size and length. She knew what it meant, however: "Omigod! It's going to rape me!" 

The massage was one thing, having an alien monster's dick inside her was another. Betty tried to close her legs but the multiple orgasms had sapped her strength. She tried to push the creature away, but its oil-slick skin combined with her exhaustion to work against her. 

Betty's hands slid over the creature's body (she noted, with considerable frustration, that the creature had no trouble holding on to her). She tried to grab the arms, they slipped through her hands: "Damn! It's like trying to hold an eel. Oh God! It's moving closer and there's nothing I can do!". She backed against the tub with an exasperated gasp. "Oh damn! He's too slick! I'm too slick!" She waited, with frustrated exhaustion, for the creature to begin.

The creature spread her legs wider until they touched the sides of the tub. The tip of its penis touched her vulva. Betty's breath quickened from fear and, to her surprise, grudging anticipation. It moved its hands to her thighs and buttocks, and pulled her against its body. At the same time it thrust into her. 

Betty gasped as she felt the creature's dick enter her pussy. She felt some pain as its sides slid against the warm, moist walls of her canal. She estimated that its dick was four inches thick: "Thicker than Carl's," she thought, "God! Carl did have a pencil dick!" The earlier orgasms made her so wet its passage was easier than expected. "Well, I said I wanted some cock," she giggled hysterically. 

The dick continued to slide through her cervix. She realized that more of it was entering her cunt: "Wow! How long is it? Carl could barely reach my womb. It's amazing I had Laura and Bobby!" The creature continued to massage her thighs and ass. Betty, slick from the creature's oils, slid along the equally slick enamel of the tub. 

The creature's body began to ripple. Its wavelike motions pushed the dick deeper inside her. Its middle and upper arms moved along the length of Betty's body. Each time she was pressed against the creature, it would rub its skin against her breasts and belly.

The creature's movements became an almost mechanical series of pumps and thrusts. Its cock passed back and forth over her clit, stimulating Betty into an erotic frenzy. Lethargy vanished, repulsion became lust. Her hands moved across the creature's body, not to push it away but to draw it closer. She need not have bothered; her hands slid off the Alien as before, but it had no trouble drawing her close. Oils slathered her skin and painted the water. The creature gave off an intense lavender aroma that overwhelmed her senses.

Through it all, they both made few sounds. Beethoven and Debussy had stopped playing; Betty was too busy to notice. The only sounds present were the soft smacks of flesh against flesh; the splashing of water; and the faint gasps and grunts of Betty ("ugh...ugh...ugh...") in tandem with each thrust and pump. Betty exploded into a violet colored nova just as she felt the creature's cock enter her womb. She was convulsing in its grip when the creature unexpectedly shifted position.

In an instant Betty was submerged; on her back, on the bottom of the tub, legs spread to either side of the creature's body. "What the...? Get off me! Let me up you idiot, I'm going to drown!" She panicked. She pounded at the creature but it impassively continued to pump away. 

She felt its cock touch the walls of her womb. It slid across the walls before curling on itself as more of its length entered her. The creature had dunked her before she could take a breath. Betty could only hold it for so long; she held until her vision began to dim. "Oh, shit!" Betty thought and opened her mouth, anticipating suffocating agony as the water rushed into her lungs. That was when the changes in her body manifested themselves: "What?!! I can breathe?!"

Betty lay in stunned disbelief; so shocked she forgot, however briefly, the creature thrusting into her. The initial discomfort of water rushing through her nasal passage, faded as her newly altered lungs began extracting oxygen. 

Some of the water had gone down her throat. It had an oily texture with a sweetish taste; she was reminded of lavender flavored tea. "Lavender, everything about this thing is lavender. A lavender Alien," she thought, stupefied. 

Her pussy stirred; another orgasm was approaching. She looked through the violet haze at the alien, her legs spread, feet resting against the alien's sides. She saw more of its cock; it was far longer than she thought: "My God!! That's the longest cock I've ever seen; and there's more of it. Where does it end?" She saw it expand and contract like a pump. Betty felt one end curl against the moist walls of her uterus, while the other end pulsed and slid out of the creature's torso. Her belly moved up and down with each pulse and thrust, responding to the ripples from the alien's body.

Betty brought her hands to the creature's body and ran them across its front. "I think I'm making noise.", she thought. The sound was lost in the water. She brought her hands to its cock, feeling it pulse and slide into her, "It feels so warm." 

The creature continued to use its lower hands to massage and pump her. It unwrapped its middle arms from her torso and began to play its hands along her belly, pushing up and down with each ripple. Betty wanted to giggle; it tickled. 

The upper hands milked her breasts; white cream spurted to blend into the violet soup. Betty's thoughts were reduced to an intense desire: "Oh God, I don't want this to end!" She'd had men before Carl; some were even larger than him. She never experienced anything like this before: "No one has. Who fucks aliens?" She exploded again, convulsing as the thrusts and pumps continued.

To Be Continued...