 The nanobots relayed the message: *alteration complete**conversion successful*. It was good news; time was running out. The Process exacerbated the Alien's internal injuries. His hearts were failing, death was imminent. 

The small machines had converted the biped into a genetic factory. Her body would grow his clone while the contents of the diplomatic package were transmitted to its brain. The nutrient soup was fuel to sustain the biped while she accomplished her task. The whole project should take a few cycles, hopefully before more bipeds arrived. When the Alien died, the remaining nanobots were programmed to convert his body to protein. The protein, added to the soup, would provide more fuel. 

The Alien inserted a soporific program to keep the biped docile until its clone reached maturity. The last act of his old body was to insert his genetic material.

Betty came down from her last orgasm. The fleshy tube pulsed within her. The walls of her vaginal canal expanded and contracted with each pulse. The Alien's ripples increased; her body responded. Betty felt as if she were liquid; waves began at one end of the Alien's body, flowed into her belly and back again. "If my head were above this water I'd be screaming," Betty thought. The increased amount of water, rushing in and out of her lungs, said much about her feelings. 

The Alien's body seemed to expand; Betty saw a huge wave travel down its length. "Oh no! Something big's coming!" she thought. The wave reached the Alien's cock. The cock expanded; Betty felt intense pain as her vaginal walls were stretched to near rupture: "Oh my God, he's grown too huge. Ugh! It hurts!"

The wave passed; the Alien's dick contracted. The pain switched off with a sudden shock that brought an almost comical flurry of bubbles from her mouth. Simultaneously, she felt a warm explosion in her womb: "Well! It finally came." The explosion was accompanied by a warm, serene feeling. It started in her womb and spread outward. Her first thought was "post coitus" but it felt different: "Mmmmm! What did it do to me this time? It's not like after sex with Carl. It feels yummy." 

The feeling surpassed the pleasure she felt before the Alien's appearance. A sense of quiet detachment took over her mind: "I feel quiet. Yeah, that's it. All I want to do is enjoy the silence. I never felt this way before; not with anyone. What did he do to me? Did I just call it a He?" Her womb stirred but not in orgasm. She looked at her belly, distended slightly from the Alien's cock. Cum flowed into her; none flowed out: "I think its dick is blocking it." She felt the rush of liquid as it filled her womb. The Alien shifted position as her belly swelled. 

She wanted to feel something, some type of shock or horror; mild wonder was the best she could do: "I'm on my back, on the bottom of the tub. I'm submerged in some purple stuff that used to be my bathwater. My belly is swelling like a water balloon. A giant alien caterpillar is on top of me; and it just gave me the greatest fuck of my life. It's like I ate a mushroom." 

The alien cum stopped flowing: "I don't think anyone had an orgasm that long." She looked at her belly: "I haven't seen that in over fifteen years. I look so ripe. What's happened to the Alien? It's stopped." Betty reached out and touched the Alien's face. Its eyes were hard black coals. She ran her hands along its body; there was no response. "I think it's dead."

Betty stared at the lifeless body: "This is weird." One moment it was pumping her like a machine, the next it stopped, as if someone threw a switch. "He turned off. My God, he came and went," she giggled. She lay flat beneath it. The Alien was still inside her. Its hands were on her body, her breasts, her torso, her ass. Her legs were spread on each side of its body. Its impassive face stared at her. "I'm stuck on the floor of a bathtub with a dead alien," she thought, "This is the first time someone has actually died while fucking me. God! I feel like Goldie Hawn in 'Private Benjamin'." 

Through the entire experience the creature had never made a sound. The sounds Betty made while it fucked her reflected a carnal minimalism; no declarative exclamations, no passionate encouragement; just one scream and a series of grunts and gasps. "The greatest fuck I ever had and he wasn't even human." Betty thought. "Now what?" 

The automatic lights allowed Betty to see in the bathtub. They were programmed to come on when it became too dark. Strategically placed around the bathroom, they cast a soft glow that reached into the tub. Betty was able to see that the Alien was fading. "No fading isn't quite right. He's dissolving." She saw tiny bits and pieces dissolve into the water as the body became more transparent. "He's like a bar of soap that was left too long in the tub," she thought. 

Betty felt exhaustion overtake her; she suspected her unnatural calm was part of it: "That and the fact that I spent the last few hours getting my brains fucked out," she thought drowsily. "I'll just close my eyes for a second." When she woke, the alien was gone.

To Be Continued