 This is a continuance of the two previous chapters. I am so sorry that it has taken me this long to get back to writing.

Mrs. Thomas –

Bill and Harriet Thomas lived two streets from my parents and Harriet was in the neighborhood "neighbor / subdivision hen circle" as the ladies called it. (For some unknown reason my mother did not belong to this group as she had too many church groups to attend meeting)

I guess Jeanne and Bertha had mentioned the "GOOD" work I had done for them in their husbands absents and Harriet want to check my "equipment" out for some work she needed done. I am sure that they mentioned the size of "my equipment" and that it could keep them both happy all afternoon without stopping.

Thursday evening –

Bill Thomas had gone on a fishing week long trip the night Harriet called to see if I could come over to discuss her "chores." 

After supper I excused myself and went across the street to see what she needed to have done over the weekend. I walked up the sidewalk and was just ready to ring the doorbell when the door opened; Harriet was standing there and asked me to come in as she had been waiting for me.

We went into the kitchen and sat at the table to discuss the work she and Bill wished me to do and what they would be paying me per hour.

Let me stop her and describe Harriet for you. She was about 54 years old and 5' 6" tall, slight build with the largest breast on the block. I could only guess at this point there size, but I would guess about 39 "F." She had dark brown hair with blue eyes and had the sexiest smile that I enjoyed all my life living across the street. She and Bill have raised two boys and one daughter. She also is one of the best cooks I know, outside of my Swedish mother.

As we were talking she got up and came around the table and pressed her breasts against my shoulders as she leaned over to put a plate of her pineapple upside down cake in front of me. (At this point I realized she did not have a bra on as her tits fit so nicely on each side of my head) She stayed in that position for a minute and kissed the top of my head and signed and said that we were going to have a great weekend.

Leaning back my head went between her breasts tighter and her hands went down my chest and reached the top of my jeans. I stood up and turner around and kissed her and pulled he tightly to my now semi hard cock. She lowered her hand between us and squeezed my cock and kissed me back with much more passion.

I had never been with an aggressive woman and felt unsure of how to handle her. I became slightly un-nerved by her forwardness, but enjoyed the feelings she instilled in me. Without breaking the kiss, Harriet started to adeptly undo the buttons on my shirt and laid bare my chest. I felt her hands glide softly over my hairy skin and caress my nipples. They seemed to spring to a hardness I never noticed in them before. Harriet played lightly with them, and then ran her fingernails lightly down my body to his waist again.

Harriet's experience overwhelmed me as I lay back against the kitchen table and felt her manipulate my body. Her lips left mine and she trailed soft kisses down my throat and onto my chest, taking my strained nipples and flicking her tongue over them. I groaned at the new experience of this being done to me.

Having this new delight and twined his fingers into her hair. I felt the buckle of my belt being undone and then the snap of my pants opening. Before I had any bearing of how quickly she moved, my zipper was sliding down. 

She parted the pants and I felt those soft, gentle fingers working under my boxers. Harriet slid down my body, trailing her supple lips over my skin, exciting the stimulated nerve endings of my skin and low and long moan of pleasure from him. I stood still, my eyes closed to the reality of his world and allowed myself to fall into Harriet's magical realm, as she pulled the waistband of my boxers lower, 

Harriet then took my hand and led me to the front room and the couch. I felt the coolness of the conditioned air wash over his exposed skin and the combination of the hot breath from her mouth made him shiver. Harriet's lips drew closer to my penis and pubic hair and I knew she would be taking his manhood into her mature, experienced way of pleasure. 

I held my breath, as I felt my boxers being lifted over his straining shaft, confined in an ever shrinking space, as it grew in size. With a little tug, she released him and saw the turgid flesh flex and reform to its normal shape. She kissed the swelling shaft along its length to the tip of its expanding head and then licked the tiny drop of clear, slippery fluid easing out of it slowly. 

I could feel his entire length grow and swell larger and larger as she worked her tongue and lips along it. I felt it rise from my body and stand erect, waiting for whatever she wanted to treat it to. Her fingers gently grasped it near the base and held it in readiness. I felt her hot breath come closer to the tip and then it was engulfed in a warm, wetness that made my nerve endings dance with electric stimulation. Never before had a woman taken so much care to bring out the most sensation like this when he was given head. I was awestruck at the power her lips held and the control they had over him. The head of my cock swelled as she applied suction to it and rolled her tongue around it. 

I almost cried at how exquisite the feeling was, holding her tightly to me, but not forcing her to comply with what I wished. I realized I was hers to command and I willing obeyed, not wanting to spoil this moment of ecstasy. The trails of her saliva ran down along my shaft and her fingers took them and spread it generously over the length, the slickness imitating the feel of a warm, wet pussy.

The feel of her lips descending over him, the hot, wetness enveloping him, made me groan loudly and she enjoyed her control over me all the more so. As her lips reached the base, I twisted my fingers tighter into her hair.

"Oh my God, Harriet. That's soooo good. Oh yeah, suck me. Yeeesss!" I cried out as the feelings in my cock exploded into her mouth.

Harriet tasted the approval and knew she had me in her control. She kept slowly engulfing my manhood to its extremes and lavished the feel of my size expanding to its fullest. She gave me another long hard pull with her lips and then took her mouth away, licking her lips of the saliva around them. She looked up at me grimacing in ecstasy and knew I enjoyed everything she had to offer me. I opened my eyes at feeling the warmth and liquidity of her mouth leave him and saw her looking into my eyes with an overpowering look of lust. Her hand firmly and lovingly stroked the full length of my shaft, wrapping around the head to add an extra touch of stimulation. I was left dazed by her experienced mouth and her experienced lips.

"Harriet, you're awesome! I had no idea you were so good at this." I had to tell her and let her know I loved her talented mouth.

Harriet said, "This is just a small taste of what is going to happen this weekend." Now go home and take the rest of the cake with you, before people start thinking and be back tomorrow to mow the lawn and assist me in other household projects.

Tell your mom that I will have lunch for you so she does not wonder why you do not come home to eat.

As I was walking up our driveway, Bertha stepped out the side door and asked me if I had enjoyed myself so far with Harriet and she was smiling with the look of "you horny stud."

Friday –

I went to work at my dad's plant, as always during the summer time when I was not away in school.

When I got home there was a note from my parents reminding me that they would be gone time after supper time on Sunday, to a church bible retreat at Lake Geneva.

I cleaned up and was heading out the door to get some supper when Lenny and Bertha call out to me. They asked me where I was going and when they heard to dinner, asked me to come over to their house and eat with them as they were having a cookout and had extra food.

I agreed and asked if they wanted me to go get some beer or anything. Lenny suggested that Bertha and I go to the store and pick up some more "JAKE" and beer. Bertha agreed and came over to get in my car.

As we were driving to the store she asked me if I had enjoyed my self last night and if I was planning to work for Harriet this weekend. I told her that I very much enjoyed the time I spend with Harriet and was indeed going to spend more at her house this week end. Bertha smiled and just leaned over the center consul of my car and squeezed my cock and said, "I thought once Jeanne and I told Harriet about you she would want to check you out."

I looked at her and just thanked. She knew that I loved to enjoy older ladies and Harriet was one that she knew would like me also.

She and I went into the liquor store and when we got to the back of the store where the beer cooler was, she reached out for my crouch and stroked my cock thru my shorts. She reached up the leg and rubbed the head while licking my ear. Just then we heard a man coming out of the back room and stopped.

We purchased our liquor and headed back to there house. When we got there Jeanne and Terry were there also.

This ended up being a very nice dinner. One time when I went into the kitchen to get something Jeanne was there and grabbed me and took my hands and pressed them to her backside and pushed her crotch against my cock. She kissed me and walked out to the backyard.

About ten I told then I was tired and left to go home. 

Saturday morning –

I got up early and mowed our lawn before going across the street to the Thomas's house.

Harriet was waiting in the kitchen when I knocked at the back door. She answered the door with just a loose house coat on and a big smile.

I went in side to get the garage key and told her I had better get the yard mowed before we got people talking and she agreed with a wink and a smile. 

Before I turned to go out and get the mower, she let her house coat fall out and show me she had nothing on underneath and her massive hanging breast with the largest / darks nipples I had ever seen, along with a neatly shaven bush. My cock started to rise and I said I would hurry with the lawn work and be back to help here with the "inside" chores. She smiled and opened her legs to suggest a "hot box" is waiting for my "youthful cock."

As I was going out the door I heard the phone ringing.

I got the lawn mowed and trimmed in short order and was putting the equipment away when Harriet came out to the garage with a cold glass of water for me and stood and talked awhile I finished putting things back.

When I was done we stood and talked a while (making it look good for the neighbors) and then she went in the house. I went and sweep off the walk and drive of grass clipping, then went into the house for lunch.

During lunch Harriet told me that her daughter had called and asked if she could stop over sometime in the afternoon. I figured "there goes the fun of the afternoon" but she said not to worry as all was taken care of for the moment. 

Harriet stood up and came over to me and leaned over hanging her breasts out of her housecoat that she had put back on before I came into the house, for me to see and fondle.

I reached up and cupped one and pinched that large nipple with my fingers. She almost screamed with delight when I did that. I moved my hand to the other breast and did the same thing. She took my hand and placed it between her legs and all I could feel was a very moist pussy. 

She held my hand there and I took my finger and slid it around in the moistness and slipped it into her love tunnel.

I looked up at her and felt her hand on my chest at the same time. She raised my shirt up over my head and threw it on the floor. I stood up and pressed my sweaty chest against her breasts and held her close to me for a very long time. She lowered her hand and released my belt buckle and dropped my pants fasted then she had done the other night. Once they were around my ankle my boxers came off and joined my pants. She took my cock into her hand and pulled me towards the backroom /den of the house.

I followed her and pushed her down onto the couch. I got on my knees and pushed her legs apart with both hands. I looked at her wet clit and pushed my face into it. Flicking my tongue into her tunnel I licked the juices she was producing. She raised her hips into my face and screamed, "Lick that pussy."

"Please," she pleaded as my tongue slipped between her swollen lips. "Please don't tease me anymore. Suck my clit!"

I looked up her body as I perched my face above her clit, my tongue extended just inches from it. I curled his tongue teasingly in the space in front of her clit, until she reached down and pulled my head into her; giving her the contact that she desired.

"Oooohh yes," she purred; "please don't tease me! I need you! I am so horny!"

I feasted on her swollen clit, quickly causing her to convulse with her first orgasm as I licked and sucked on her juicy pussy. With each spasm, her muscular belly roiled with pleasure as I milked her pussy, devouring all of her musky juices.

"Fuck me!" she begged. "Please fuck me know!"

Harriet pushed me up onto my knees before she instructed me to lie on my back. She quickly straddled my towering 12.5"x 2.5" Diameter cock that was pointing straight into the air and without even touching it with her hands, had aligned it to her pussy and started to slowly slide down on it. She groaned as my dick spread her apart, triggering another orgasm as her swollen pussy was stretched to the hilt by his rippled staff. About halfway down, she pushed up, allowing an inch or two to escape before she plunged back down, taking another inch inside of her. She repeated the process until she was resting pelvis to pelvis on top of me.

As she adjusted to my size, she leaned over and covered my mouth with her own; ourtongues devouring one another as they danced together. Finally she slid up my length until she felt just the tip just inside of her clit, then she slid back down onto him.

"Ummm," she purred as I split her apart again. "I am definitely going to miss this monster tomorrow," she said as I filled her again.

She repeated the process, slowly impaling herself again and again; until I became impatient with the pace. On her next decent, I trusted my hips upward, plunging the last three inches of my dick deep into her, eliciting a deep groan of pleasure from her.

"It feels like you're really ready to fuck, aren't you?" she panted as she picked up the pace. 

When I lunged up again with even more force, she knew her instinct had been right. 

"Oooohh, this is going to be fun," she giggled as she picked up the pace. 

I placed his hands on her hips and guided her up and down, occasionally holding her down so that we would grind our pelvises together; further intensifying our pleasure. Her big sagging breasts were hanging just inches from my face and as she rocked back and forth and up and down I licked a nipple as it brushed my face. She held her downward push so I could suck on her nipples and further intensify her pleasure.

For the third time in a very short while, Harriet felt herself slipping over the edge of another orgasm. When the spasms rolled through her body, she clamped down hard on me again with her love tunnel fully taking every inch of my cock. 

"How can you keep going?" she gasped as I continued to pound into her. "You are killing me!"

"You've got to remember that this is my first time today, and with your beautiful body on me I can go all afternoon.

Just as I was say that we heard a voice say, "I sure hope you can keep that up, as I want a chance at that huge cock as soon as mom gets off of it.

Harriet turned her head and looked at her daughter as she was taking off her clothes. Harriet just smiled and said, what took you so long getting here.

At this point Harriet turned to face me and said, "this is my daughter June."

June was twenty two and a little on the plump size. Not fat mine you, just not the normal skinny girl that they all try to be. She had blondish hair down to her shoulders and greens eyes. I can remember her growing up and always wished to date her, BUT that never happened.

June threw he clothes in a pile and walked over to the side of the couch and leaning over kissed me. From that angle I could tell that she took after her mother in the breast department. They hung down, swinging and swaying in my face. Her nipples were not as large as her mothers, whose were at least three inches across, or were they as dark in color.

Harriet was still sitting on my cock and just leaned back so June could get a better angle to kiss me. I just reached over and cupped one of June's breasts and held on to it as she French kissed me for the longest time. We were still kissing as I slid my hand down between her legs and felt the smoothest pussy ever.

June just pushed her body onto my hand and again stuck her tongue deeper into my mouth.

Harriett took hold of Junes other breast and said, "These are getting as big as mine." 

June said back, "they are only 38 "D" and I am going to have to go long ways to beat you 42 inches mom. 

Harriet just said, "Just have a kid or two and they will get bigger then mine."

I said, "I can assist you in that project if you wish me too." They both looked at me and smiled at each other.

With that being said, Harriet got off my now semi hard cock and sat down next to me with June on the other side. They both put their heads on my shoulders and with one holding my cock the other cupped my balls and fondled them together. Mother and daughter kissing each ear and blowing gently into them.

My cock started to grow again with all the attention I was getting and June looked at her mom and just smiled. Harriet took my hand and guided it into Junes warn crouch. 

June slightly spread her legs to allow my hand to cup her lips and warm mound. I just flicked my finger around her lips and rubbed the slit till it got all wet and slippery. June then put her tongue into my ear and started licking and moaning. I keep fingering her warm slit while Harriet stroked my enlarging cock.

I got up and placed June on the couch and spread her legs to get a straight shot at licking her pussy. I must have done something right as the juices started flowing and I could taste the sweet nectar of her youthful 22 years of age in my mouth.

June looked her mother and asked how she had managed t get that monster to fit. Harriet just said, "You have to go slow and have him get you "wet and sloppy" before enjoying it." June said that the largest she had ever had before was 7" and that hurt. Harriet just told her to let mother help you enjoy him for the first time and then you can get together when I am not using him. At this point June and Harriet took me by the arms and got me off my knees and turned around and back on the couch. I looked at them and with a look of "what the hell" just leaned back into the couch as June got on her knees and straddled me.

Harriet held my cock as June slowly lowered herself onto it. Just taking my big purplish red head to start with she stopped and leaned forward swinging her breasts in my face. Harriet took and guided one to my waiting mouth, as it was out of my mouths reach, and let me suck on it. As I did this I could start to feel juices flowing down my cock from June's pussy. I reached up and played with Harriet's breasts and nipple as Harriet massaged my cock at its base as June lowered herself further on to its length.

June had about half of my length in her when she rose up and slid back down once or twice to lube herself and my cock with her juices. I could feel Harriet's hand get all wet around my cock and slide smoother as a result of Junes juices flowing down my cock.
