 In the darkness outside the castle, the night air shimmered. The small fey creature stood, watching the darkness for any sign of movement. She looked quite young, despite being free of her adolescence. Her face still betrayed the almost innocent looks of her youth. She sighed, turning towards the castle. Calling upon the chaos that was her very nature, she willed the change to happen. Slowly, her skin began to pale, from mottled red and black, to porcelain white. Her black eyes glittered like obsidians, and her long black hair twisted and coiled to her head. She was ready.

Stepping into the chamber of the castle, letting her eyes adjust to the light of the candles. Then she slowly walked forward. The light glanced off her dress, woven from black spider webs, gems and jewels seemingly caught in the woven strands. Standing by the fire, his back facing her, was the Duke. His long black hair flowed over his back, and the air around him seemed to crackle with magic. Without turning around, he spoke.

“The illusion was not necessary, fey child. I can see your true face, you know.” She halted, not sure whether or not to advance. He turned around, firelight flickering on his face. His eyes seemed endlessly dark, like wells that you could fall into and drown. He smiled, letting his eyes linger over her.

“The effort, however, is much appreciated.” Without taking his eyes off her, he beckoned her slowly forward. Almost against her will, she obeyed him, transfixed by the face of a man she knew only by name and reputation. When she stopped walking, they were so close that she could feel the aura of magic that surrounded him. It enveloped her, making her skin tingle, making it hard for her to focus. He put his face next to her ear, and spoke softly, his voice sounding even, and slightly amused.

“So, what is a lost bundle of essence like you doing here, dressed like a whore and shivering in your boots?” The fey tried to speak.

“I… I want you to… to train me.” She stammered, feeling another wave of tingling pass over her skin. Was he doing that deliberately, or was it some natural aura he had? She could not tell, but it blurred her focus like strong wine, she felt lost, detached, but not in a bad way. More like she had been pulled free of time.

“Train you?” His voice sounded even more amused now. “Why ought I to train you?”

“Because… because I’m a d… disgrace, they say.” He was enjoying this, she realised.

“Disgrace to what? You must know.”

“They say I’m a disgrace to all wizard-kind!” She flared, but instead of angering him, her outburst seemed to amuse him even more.

“Really?” He purred. “Well, now, that would be an achievement, wouldn’t it?”

She stared at the floor, feeling foolish. He slowly lifted her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. He could see her true nature here, the chaos that burned inside, the evil in her heart. He could also see the vulnerability of her youth, the weakness she tried to hide.

“I will allow you to be my apprentice, fey whore-girl, but not because I have to. Because I’m bored and I want to, that is all.” His hand slid from her face down to her shoulder, her skin burning like electricity at his very touch. Instinctively, she moved closer to him, her body pressing against his. He slid his other hand around her waist, pulling her tight against him. Leaning forward, she gently bit his lip, pulling away teasingly when he tried to kiss her. He pulled her sharply back, and kissed her, running his hands over her body as he did so. A soft moan escaped her lips, muffled by his mouth on hers. The heat of the fire met and mingled with the heat of passion that burned their bodies already, causing them to gasp for breath. Her elaborately coiled hair slipped and fell, like snakes slithering down her back, and he caught hold of it, tugging just enough to hurt a little, but not too much. Putting his face close to her ear again, he whispered

“You want me to hurt you? Is that what you seek?” The fey, almost giddy with passion, nodded slowly.

“I want you,” she gasped “I have nothing to offer you but myself.” Again, that smile. Not a gentle smile, it betrayed his lust for the desperate creature in his arms, his apprentice. Hooking his graceful fingers into the delicate webs of her dress, he sharply tore at it, removing large sections in one swift movement. He lowered his head and bit, gently at first, then more forcefully, at the exposed skin. The shock of pain mingling with pleasure caused her to cry out, urging him on. She tugged frantically at his shirt, desperate to feel his bare skin against hers, urgency like she had never felt before burning her up inside. 

They fell to the floor, the soft, furry rug breaking their fall, although neither of them even seemed to notice. He stared down at her, lying on the rug. Her dress was almost entirely torn away, revealing large, pale breasts and a neat triangle of black hair between her legs. He tugged off her boots and began working his way up her legs, kissing and biting her as he went. She was almost sobbing with pleasure now, as she writhed beneath him, begging him to give her what she needed. He looked up at her, smiling in a sly, crooked manner, then softly and teasingly flicked his tongue over her clit, just once. She curled her fingers into his hair, urging him to return, finish what he started. He licked her again, maddeningly slow this time, savouring the feel and taste of the hot flesh under his tongue. He gently ran his tongue downwards, wanting to feel every inch of her, wanting to taste her. He felt a soft shudder run through her body, as he slipped his tongue inside her. She could feel herself getting wetter, wanting him more and more as his mouth worshipped her. He pulled away slightly and replaced his tongue with his finger. Continuing to lick her clit, he gently pushed his finger deep inside her, feeling her muscles grip him as her pleasure built. Her breathing was fast and ragged, she was bucking against him, and he knew it would not be long now. He added his second finger to the first, slowing down ever so slightly, and then pushing them both into her, as hard as he could. She cried out, pushing herself harder against him, her muscles tightening around his fingers as the orgasm gripped her. He watched her face, her body, savouring the sight of her lying there amidst the tatters of her torn dress, naked and wet, hands clutching at the rug beneath her as pleasure engulfed her body.

As the waves eased, she looked up at him and smiled. It was different to her normal smile, less cruel, softer, almost a gentle smile. Almost. Her eyes drifted to the bulge in his trousers, the tight leather being pushed to its limit by the sheer size of his cock. Raising herself up onto her slightly trembling knees, she began to unbutton his trousers. Easing them down, his cock sprang free and she waited patiently for him to remove first his boots, then his trousers. Kneeling before him, she clasped her small, pale hand around his shaft and rubbed gently. He let out a groan as she took his head into her mouth, rubbing her tongue around it in slow circles. Continuing to rub her hand over him, she matched the rhythm with her mouth, taking as much of him into her as she could. Her other hand began to gently caress his balls, trailing her long fingernails over them, over the inside of his thighs and back again. His breathing got faster, she could feel him getting harder in her mouth, when abruptly he pulled his cock free and pushed her back down onto the rug.

Leaning over her, he kissed her deeply, feeling her urgency as she desperately rubbed against him.

“Do you want me?” He breathed, looking into her eyes.

She nodded.

“Say it. I want to hear you say it.” He was teasing her now, waiting for a response.

“I want you, my Lord” she gasped “please, please just fuck me!”

He kissed her again, working his way down to her breasts, loving the feeling of her squirming against him. He bit her nipple and she cried out in pain and pleasure, wrapping her legs around him, grinding herself against his body. He began to lick and suck her nipples as he finally pushed himself inside her. He was larger than anyone she had experienced before, and she gasped as his full length slid inside her. He groaned as her tight muscles gripped his cock, pushed almost immediately to the edge by the sheer force of their movements. He pinned her arms back to the floor with his strong hands, enjoying the shock that passed over her face as she realised that she was now totally under his control. There was nothing she could do, he had more power over her than he could ever imagine. He continued to bite at her skin, which was beginning to look raw in places, although her pleasure at what was happening didn’t seem to decrease as the pain increased. In fact, the more it hurt, the more she seemed to enjoy it; she yanked her arms free and raked her fingernails down his back, he hissed slightly between his teeth and closed his eyes in pleasure at the slight sting that left red, in places slightly bloody marks on his skin. She rolled on top of him, dragging her fingernails over his chest as she ground against him, using his body to pleasure herself. Her head was thrown back, her once-perfect black hair now wild and tangled, giving her an almost untamed look. He pressed his thumb against her clit and she bucked against him even harder, almost willing the point of orgasm to reach her, the pleasure was almost torturous, almost painful, yet too good to ever release.

With a cry, she felt her muscles clench, her whole body shaking with the force of it as her orgasm hit her. Watching her move, so engulfed in her own sensations, sent him over the edge, and his own orgasm poured into her. He groaned loudly, feeling the release sweep over his body, pitching them both towards darkness.

When the young fey awoke, the castle was silent. The fire had burned low, and he was nowhere to bee seen. Her dress lay on the chair above her, completely mended, and the rug beneath her was cold and sticky. She got to her feet, carefully moving her aching body, dressed and quietly left. As the doors closed behind her, her disguise fell away, her skin and hair returning to their usual pattern of red and black.