 Once upon a time, in the land of Eronia, there was a princess named Elise. She was beautiful beyond measure, and every noble man yearned to win her heart. One man in particular, Erick, the blacksmith's son, took the long way to the palace armory every day while making his deliveries, in hopes of catching a glimpse of the fair maiden. From afar he would admire her glistening copper hair and snow white skin.

One day, the maiden Elise finally passed by the blacksmith's son, for some reason drawn to his presence. As she approached him, he was so dazzled by the deep brown of her eyes that he forgot how to speak. "I'll try again tomorrow," he thought, and off he went to the palace armory to make his delivery before he returned home for dinner.

That night, Erick tossed and turned. All his life, he had known only one thing: how to mold and shape iron. Never before had the trappings of love concerned him. After a sleepless night, his father asked what was wrong. "Nothing," he mumbled under his breath as he noticed how much the eggs on his plate resembled Elise's perfect breasts.

"Son," the smith said knowingly, "we're iron, and that's all we'll ever be. You can't trim iron with gold." 

As Erick began his daily delivery route, he decided his father must be right. For days, he would make his route without a glance in Elise's direction, and for days, she would wait hopefully by her door. None of her royal suitors made her feel the way Erick did; his rugged swagger set her loins aflame.

One day, Elise finally mustered up her princess-ly courage: when Erick walked by her door, stiff as an arrow with self-control, she grabbed his strong smithy arm and pulled him into her room, promptly locking the door. 

"Wh-wh-what's going on?" He exclaimed.

"I've heard talk of your mighty sword, smith," she cooed, "but I dare say it needs some polishing." 

She promptly reached to unsheathe the blade. With a gentle shove, though, Erick pushed the princess back upon her fluffy bed, watching as her body bounced ever so slightly. 

"If we're going to do this, it will be on my terms," he snarled. With a guttural moan, Elise gave Erick a come-hither look as he proceeded to crawl toward her. With his fingers he gently traced her legs and stomach, and then, with all the force he could muster, ripped open her stark white doublet. The princess's eyes were glued to his iron bar, which she could see even through his thick leather pants. He noticed the longing look, but decided to make her wait for it while he addressed the treasure he had just uncovered.

Elise shuddered; she had expected the strength of his arms, but never the dexterity of his tongue. He licked the outline of her perfect, pink nipples and then proceeded to suck her massive tits. His tongue circled around its target, teasing the lusty princess, making her beg, before finally darting over her soft, pink flesh. She moaned with pleasure, and he then decided it was time to unleash the beast.

"Oh, my," the queen-in-waiting moaned, "what a sturdy hammer you have!"

All he wanted to do was pound her with that hammer, but he didn't want to break the suspense just yet. Instead, he decided to continue where he left off, starting with her breasts and slowly licking down the princess's slender body. When he reached her navel, he spread her legs and gazed upon the gold that his iron shaft so longed to meet with. First, though, he knew he had to prime the sheath. His mouth was drawn to her royal lips. For a man who had grown accustomed to the lowly smells and tastes of hard times, Erick was surprised to learn that even the princess's sacred gateway held true to her regal status; the tinge of sour and hint of sweet combined to form the most heavenly taste that Erick had ever experienced. Elise groaned blissfully as he scaled her castle walls.

With his thick, rugged hands, the smith's son held open Elise's drawbridge and commanded his army to lay siege to her fortress. He teased her gateway until she couldn't take the suspense anymore. Finally, she grasped his long black hair and shoved his face into her royal snatch. Although initially taken by surprise, he decided to give into her desire and sucked her clit as hard as he could.

"At last," she breathed, reaping the payoff from putting up with all his teasing. 

"I think it's about time you return the favor," Erick smirked as he pulled his face away from her delicious pussy. He didn't need to say it twice - the princess immediately slithered down the burly man's body and took him into her mouth. The view of her lips around his dick and those big, brown eyes looking up at him was almost enough to cause him to release his load. Tugging her copper locks, Erick pulled Elise's face up to his own, and each savored the taste of their mixed juices on each other's lips and tongue. 

"I want you inside of me," she whispered into his ear. Without a word, he swung one of her legs around and onto the bed, with the other on the floor supporting her weight. He slowly inserted the very tip of his manhood in and out of her a few times, watching her eyes beg him for more. Just as she opened her mouth to plead, he rammed his full length into her tight canal. She squealed with pleasure as he explored the inside of her palace. With what little force of will remained, Elise moved one hand to her clitoris and rubbed to match the blacksmith's pace. 

The young iron worker could not believe his luck. He had worked with rusty metal all his life, but had never experienced pure gold the likes of which he was hammering now. 

"Let's try something... different." The princess's sultry voice brought him back to reality. She slowly pushed him back out of her and then swiftly threw him on the bed, face-up. She then climbed on top of him and mounted his mighty stallion bareback. With her legs spread, Elise vigorously bounced up and down, milking the smith's cock while pounding her clit against him with every downstroke. 

"As fantastic as this feels," he thought, "I need to regain control of that royal heinie." After letting her grind on him for another moment, Erick grabbed a hold of the princess's firm ass and flipped her over, rolling her onto her back. Rather than pushing her legs apart this time, he pressed them together before he reinserted himself into her from behind. Elise shrieked, catching her breath - this angle and the stimulation it brought were unprecedented. Erick responded by pounding even harder into her carvern.

"Don't you dare fucking stop," the princess said seriously, using the dialect she had picked up from some of her father's servants. 

"I won't fucking stop until we both cum harder than we ever have before, my lady."

"Way..." she grunted, "AHEAD OF YOU!" Her pussy pulsed as her orgasm began, and then multiplied, as he spread her legs farther apart and moved around inside of her. "I want your cum inside me!" she shrieked. She didn't have to tell him twice – with a few ferocious pumps and a groan to match, Erick finally erupted, emptying five powerful streams of semen into Elise's waiting womb. She shuddered with pleasure as he removed himself from her tight lips and her final orgasm came to a close.

The princess cleared her throat and opened her mouth, but closed it once more and dressed without another word. Smirking, Erick did the same before he grabbed his package and left.

As the smith's son reached his destination, the palace armorer absentmindedly greeted him. "Seems like it took you longer to come than usual," the man said, noting the time.

Erick laughed under his breath. "It sure did."