 *Sooner than expected but here's the next episode. ;-)

It's great to see this idea of mine getting read and commented on so much. :-)

In this episode Iphigenia and Ulric have to deal with an elf knight, wizards, and some frustration.

*

04 - Winter City

Iphigenia and Ulric breathed hard when she pulled her bloody sword out of the last slain goblin's stomach with a wet squelch. They had stumbled upon the group on their way to Winter City. She examined the chipped blade of her sword and frowned. 'I'm going to need this fixed or a new one soon.'

Ulric hummed and watched the dead bodies scattered around them while his deadly spines turned back to soft fur. 'In the games in my world killed persons and animals and so on would drop loot like magical weapons occasionally. Maybe there's something here?'

She chuckled. 'This isn't a game for kids, this is real life. The only thing goblins or other lower demon folk drop is junk.' she said wiping her sword with a rag. 'Weapons like that are few and expensive. And the skill of the one wielding it is more important in a fight. All the magic in the world won't help when you don't know how to fight.'

He nodded. 'Yeah, it always did sound too convenient to me.' he said and picked up a thin straight stick from the ground near his feet. It was dirty and worn from old age but it was lighter than he expected it to be. He examined it closer and it didn't look more than a battered piece of wood that probably had seen better days at the hand of the original owner as a cane, but the light weight was peculiar to him. It didn't budge as he tried to bend it.

She came up close to him. 'What's this?'

'It's a lot lighter and stronger than I thought it would be.' he said and handed it to her.

She weighted and tried to bend it. 'I don't know of any wood like this.'

'The goblin tried to hit me with it, maybe it's a special kind of club.'

She chuckled. 'I doubt it. I think it might have been a part of some construction and ended up like this.' she said.

He nodded. 'It might be useful in a fight though. Even though I have these spines it's not like I can keep them at a distance. Since this is very strong it might be useful to hit enemies with it.'

'I'll take it with me and you can try it next time.' she said and tied it to her belt with a piece of rope, then smiled at him. 'Right now I'm in need for some restoring of my tallies.'

He chuckled and smiled back at her. 'I'm thinking I received the best ability a man could have. Although I'm no man anymore.'

She cupped his cheek as she pressed her body against him. 'You might be again one day, but being a bloodwolf is exciting in its own way.' she said and kissed him.

He answered her kiss by holding her and accepting her invitation at embracing her tongue. Since that first time they realised Iphigenia received full health and a boost to her numbers after they had sex not a day went by they hadn't done it at least once. 

Ulric pulled back. 'Lets find a place a little better suited than this.' he said and chuckled.

She grinned. 'Agreed.' she said, took his paw and walked with him for a while until they found a quiet place.

Iphigenia undressed and used a rag with water from her water skin to clean up dirty patches in Ulric's fur and he did the same to clean her skin and cuts. The touch of his strong but gentle paws along her back, her legs, and her front were enough to heat up her whole being from the inside and she ground her abdomen against him as she kissed him again. 'I want you deep in me.' she whispered in his mouth and stroked his hot erection.

He laid her down into the cool grass and his tongue slipped all over her breasts and hard nipples. She hummed in pleasure while stroking his head and large ears and moaned at the first hits of lightning inside her abdomen when he stroked the length of her slit and pressed her sensitive nub with his fingers.

'It feels so good when you do this.' she moaned. 'So much better than when I did it myself.'

He smiled and bit gently on her nipple to force a squeal out of her. 'It always feels better when someone else does it.' he said and squeezed her whole mound.

She panted and pulled up his face. 'I don't want to wait any longer. Take me right now.'

He grinned at her. 'With pleasure.' he said and sat up on his knees. 'Show me that pretty behind of yours.'

She giggled and rolled over on her hands and knees and held up her tight round buns to him. 'I'm all yours, my sweet wolf.' she breathed as she looked back at him. 'Fill me up as much as you want.'

He grabbed her hips and rubbed his tip through her slit. 'You're so hot I can't think of anything else to do.' he said and she moaned as he slid easily inside her tight but wet mound

She moaned more and grabbed the grass in her fists while waves of heat washed through her body with each of his deep thrusts. Her abdomen tightened to clamp his hard dick and experience the full sensation, and pushed her behind hard against his furry hips. 'Give it all to me.' she moaned. 'I can't get enough of you.'

Ulric's abdomen tightened more from the urge to flood her body with his seed and grunted with every thrust. 'I wish we could do this all day and night.' he said and pressed deep into her depths. The pressure between them couldn't be high enough to not want more and he ground hard against her mound and tight behind while she pushed herself hard against him.

Iphigenia sensed him tensing to fill her and his balls tightened to release their contents in a fiery explosion. She moaned hard and he growled hard in anticipation.

'DAMNED PIECE OF SHIT!' a female voice cried out and a knight burst out from the bushes near them.

Ulric barely evaded the sword the knight slashed at him by jumping back. He rolled away from a subsequent stab and righted himself up on all fours with his spines straight up to face the armoured female standing between him and Iphigenia. 'Who are you!?' he snarled.

The knight grabbed her sword tighter. 'I'll kill you! Raping an innocent woman!' she said and charged at him.

He couldn't bring himself to hit a women, even if she attacked him, and ran away while she slashed at him. 'Wait! Don't aim that thing right there!' he yelped while protecting his crotch and tucking his tail in tight.

He stumbled over a hidden root and ended up on his back. The knight pointed her sword at his dick but tried not to look at it. 'I'll cut that disgusting thing off!'

'No!' cried Iphigenia and jumped the knight from behind.

The knight lost her footing. 'What are you doing!?' she said and stumbled onto the ground with Iphigenia holding onto her. Ulric didn't hesitate and pinned down her arms.

'What do you think you're doing!?' Iphigenia said.

'I tried to save you! Are you nuts!?'

Iphigenia laughed while the knight wondered if she was crazy. She took a deep breath. 'You didn't save me, idiot! But I do understand.'

The knight stared at the bloodwolf's glare. 'But he raped you!'

Iphigenia chuckled. 'No he didn't.' she said and smiled at him. 'He's my lover.'

The knight's heart stopped for a beat. 'But he's a bloodwolf!'

'Yes and no. If you won't attack us we'll explain.'

The knight nodded after a moment and sighed. 'All right, let's hear it.'

Ulric moved back and Iphigenia released her so they could sit back. Iphigenia ruffled her hair in frustration at the interruption. She was so close to her climax. 'Ulric's not really a bloodwolf. At least not inside. He was summoned by a wizard before I could stop him but his mind is that of a man who was summoned accidentally at the same time.'

The knight watched the big bloodwolf glaring at her. 'That's, quite extraordinary.'

'I know, I didn't believe it all at first but he proved he's no demon to me.'

The knight relaxed a little. 'All right. If it wasn't true you could have tried to kill me by now so I'll trust you for now.' the knight said, pulled off her helmet and Ulric stared at the blonde elf before him. He'd only seen the depiction in movies and series but it lacked the beauty of the real thing. This one was so much more real. 'I'm Elzbieta, knight of Winter City.'

Iphigenia gestured at Ulric. 'Ulric from a country far away, and I'm Iphigenia, adventurer.'

Elzbieta tried not to look at either Ulric and Iphigenia. 'So you weren't assaulted like it seemed.'

Iphigenia shook her head and blushed as she looked at Ulric. 'Things happened.'

Elzbieta sighed. 'I don't need to know but this is still unnatural, even if he has the mind of a man. I can't allow such immoral behaviour on Winter City's territory.' she said and backed off quickly at a snarl from Ulric.

Iphigenia put her hand on his paw. 'He said it's people like you who force their narrow morals on others who cause no harm are the ones that create so much suffering in his country. If you try that on us he will fight you.'

A cold shiver ran down Elzbieta's spine at his penetrating glare. 'But it's not normal!'

'Normal is letting nature take it's course, not being confined to small minds craving power over others.' Iphigenia said. 'And I think he's right.'

Elzbieta sighed. 'All right then. I won't get in your way but you should be more aware of your surroundings. There was a large group of goblins around here.'

Iphigenia nodded. 'We know, we took them down.

Elzbieta's eyes grew big. 'Wait, you killed them!?'

Iphigenia nodded. 'We did.'

'How!? Are you that strong!?'

Iphigenia shrugged. 'Thanks to Ulric.'

Elzbieta gazed at the large bloodwolf. 'I shouldn't be surprised actually. I'm not sure what to report back though.'

Iphigenia chuckled. 'He said just report you killed them yourself. He doesn't want to draw any attention.'

Elzbieta nodded after a moment. 'Then I will. It's why I was sent here in the first place.' she said. 'But I still need to know why you are here.'

Iphigenia nodded. 'We're going to Winter City to see if the council knows how to sent Ulric back to his own life.'

'I see. Then I won't get in your way, but I warn you, the current troubles with demons won't make it easy to get into the city.'

'We'll tackle that hurdle when we're there.'

Elzbieta stood up. 'Then I can only wish you good luck. I'll be on my way to check on another rumoured group of demons.'

Iphigenia nodded. 'Then good luck with that.' she said and she and Ulric watched her disappear into the forest. She sighed and snuggled up to him. 'The fire was squelched but I still want to enjoy a nap with you.'

He smiled and cuddled her. 'Of course.' he said and they crawled close together to rest.

***

Light snow fell when Iphigenia and Ulric came near Winter City and the view from a low hill revealed the white landscape surrounding it. The city itself was one tall heap of white roofs and towers inside a high wall and a variety of dwellings scattered around it. Ulric noticed few farms but he figured they couldn't grow much in this weather anyway.

'I think it might be best if I enter the city on my own first and speak to the council so they don't panic at the sight of you.' Iphigenia said.

Ulric nodded. 'Yeah, I agree.'

She pointed at a shed and trees to the side of the city. 'There's an abandoned place there where we can stay in the meantime.'

They took a detour to avoid going near any of the dwellings and arrived at the wooden shed sheltered at the back and one side by pine trees. One of the large doors stood askew and the opening was large enough to enter. Inside was nothing more than a stray bush growing underneath the light shining through holes in the roof and a sand heap in one corner.

'Cosy.' Ulric said.

Iphigenia chuckled. 'At least it provides some shelter from the worst weather.'

He stared at a mouse to the side. 'And the occasional light snack.' he muttered and the mouse scurried off.

She kissed him after placing her pack on the sand heap. 'Be a good boy until I'm back.' she giggled.

He smacked her behind lightly. 'Yeah, yeah. Just make sure you return before I get the urge to come looking for you.'

Iphigenia walked along the wall to the large gates at the front of the city. The thick iron bars and heavy wooden doors had never been needed for defence though, no one had been foolish enough to attack a place which housed several of the strongest wizards in the world. She stopped at a guard to show her identification card but it was more a force of habit since she'd seen her more often.

'Hello there.' the woman in sturdy leather holding a halberd said. 'Long time no see.'

'Hello.' said Iphigenia. 'Had lots of work to the south but I came across something I need the council's advice on.'

The guard nodded. 'All right. They're open right now so go ahead.'

Iphigenia walked along the broad and bustling main street towards the council building. No matter how many times she'd been here, she was still amazed at how many vendors lined the street and all the wares they peddled. From food to weapons and toys to magical items, she could find anything here. She went through the talking and shouting crowd and the many smells and wondered how Ulric would experience it with his bloodwolf senses, until she reached the square in front of the council building adorned with a flock of gargoyles. The dark stone front wasn't very inviting and few people had actually sought out the council's help for fear of catching their wrath for what they might see as trivial matters. Iphigenia took a deep breath. She didn't come for a petty request, that she was sure of. She walked up the wide steps to the dark wooden doors and sensed other people glancing at her. It seemed the crowd became a little less noisy. The doors opened on their own to a dark hallway and after a brief hesitation she entered.

And blinked at the spacious and bright pillared hall with brilliant crystal chandeliers overhead and relaxing music in the background. A broad white front desk with green plants and colourful flowers at the side and a woman with an equally cheerful smile and outfit awaited her. 'Good day.' she chirped. 'Can I help you?'

Iphigenia moved closer. 'Ehm, yeah. It's about someone I met while subjugating a rogue mage. He had been summoned by accident and would like to return home.'

'Does he have trouble travelling?'

'He's not exactly from around here.'

'Oh? He'd have to go a long way then?'

Iphigenia shook her head. 'It's more that he's from another world.'

The receptionist's eyes flinched for a split second. 'Another world?'

Iphigenia nodded.

'That's new. Never heard of that before. But maybe I can make an appointment with one of the wizards who'd like to examine that possibility. The person in question can explain why he thinks he's from another world then.'

Iphigenia drummed with her fingertips on the desk. 'That's also a troublesome matter.'

'How so?'

'He's not human.'

'No problem, we help dwarves and elves as well. Or is he a halfling?'

'Actually,' Iphigenia said and glanced around. 'he was summoned into the body of a demon.'

'Demon?'

Iphigenia nodded. 'A bloodwolf to be precise.'

The woman's smile wavered just briefly. 'A, bloodwolf.'

Iphigenia nodded again.

The woman picked up a copper tube with a thin hose connected to a wooden box with symbols on buttons. 'Excuse me while I'll see who's available.'

Iphigenia eyes wandered around the hall while tapping one finger to the music and hearing the hushed conversation on the other side of the desk.

The woman smiled again as she put down the tube. 'Grand Wizard Vittorio can see you now. He suggests you go to the side entrance to the city where you can wait to be picked up.'

Iphigenia smiled back at her. 'Thank you.' she said and left. Outside she looked back as the doors closed but it still looked dark and menacing beyond them.

05 - The Wizards

Ulric had dug a shallow hollow into the sand heap and curled up to take a nap but was disturbed by growling, yelping, and grunts. He peeked through a broken board to see an older man carrying a little girl and swinging his sword at a pack of wild dogs. He kept them at a distance and wounded some but Ulric knew the man couldn't defeat them while he was burdened with the child. He sighed as he saw no other option and rushed outside.

The girl cried out when she saw the furious black beast storming at them. The man turned and cursed at his misfortune, and prepared to clash with the demon. It snarled and the dogs froze. The man gripped his sword tight and hoped the fatal moment would be quick but the beast turned on the dogs and took them out with several hard bites and crushing blows with its paws.

When the last surviving dog ran off yelping, the bloodwolf spat on the ground and turned its head towards him. He inhaled sharply and held up his sword. The wolf just stared at him for a moment, then casually walked away leaving him dumbfounded. The girl stared at the wolf and rubbed her eyes. 'Thank you!' she shouted.

Ulric looked back at her, gave her a nod and continued back to the shed glad he'd been able to save an innocent young life.

By the time Iphigenia returned he had barely slept but her news gave him hope. 'You think we can trust them not to lure me into a trap?'

She nodded. 'They've never betrayed the people so I'm sure we can trust them.'

He nodded. 'All right then, let's go meet this wizard.'

Henry, the guard on duty at the side entrance of the city yawned. He leaned on the barrier of the doorway and stared into the boredom of the path leading away. Hardly anyone used this entrance and being a guard here was boring. Then again he didn't mind much because he was also lazy. No visitors meant no trouble. Which made what he saw coming down the path all the worse.

He shook his head and rubbed his eyes but he still wasn't sure he was dreaming. The only explanation he could think of on why a pretty young woman walked along a bloodwolf while stroking his neck and smiling was that it wasn't a real one.

But up close it look too real. 'Haa-' he squealed, then cleared his throat and squeezed the handle of his halberd to resist his trembling body. 'Halt! Who are you and what is your business here?' Pride welled up at his ability to still speak with some authority.

The young woman took out her card. 'Iphigenia, and this is my familiar Ulric. We have an appointment with Grand Wizard Vittorio.'

Her card was authentic and some adventurers did have familiars but he had to make sure it wasn't a ruse. 'I'll need to see your tallies.'

She nodded and with a press of her thumb on her card it would list her basic numbers and familiar bonds. His eyes went large. 'He really is a bloodwolf!?'

She grinned. 'Yep. Long story but he's friendly.' she said and smiled at the wolf while running her fingers through his neck fur. 'Very friendly.'

Ulric chuckled.

The exchange of looks between them reminded Henry of late night couples but he thought he might be imagining more things in this strange situation. 'And you say you have an appointment with Vittorio?'

Iphigenia nodded. 'The receptionist at the council said he'd pick us up here.'

It made sense to him, a bloodwolf walking down the main street would cause a panic. He nodded and gestured at a small building behind him. 'All right, you can wait in there.'

'Thank you.' she said and the wolf uttered a soft grunt when they passed.

He watched them enter the building and sighed deep in relief while his body sagged. "A bloodwolf for a familiar." he thought. "I think I've seen it all now." His subconscious made a U turn. "Hang on, didn't her card state she was his familiar?" He shook his head. "I'm going to bed early tonight, this event has been too taxing."

Not long after Iphigenia and Ulric sat down in the waiting room on one of the wooden benches and casually looked over pamphlets promoting local inns and shops and promised a great time in the white wonderland, the door opened and a panting fat man in a star studded robe and a wide, pointed hat came in. 'This city's grown too big.' he breathed and fanned himself with his hat. 'When I was young I didn't have to walk this far and get out of breath.'
