 I pressed my hand to the wood beam above my head and leaned on it. From my doorway I studied the small boys playing in the dust, a puppy bounding around them. I grinned and brought the cup of water to my lips. 

"Hello there."

I choked, startled by the sudden appearance of my neighbour in front of me. 

"Morning Mrs Crichton." I smiled at the elderly woman, appearing for her morning gossip. Not that I ever had any, but she did and certainly loved to share it. 

"Well stand aside girl, I have news." I complied, watching her hunched figure disappear into the darkness of my front room. A smile haunted my lips and I trudged after her, leaving the door open. She had settled herself at the wooden table, the only furnishings. I had barely joined her before she took a deep breath and began. 

"You'll never guess who I ran into at the baker's." It was a statement more than a question, Mrs Crichton's visits always included lots of chatter but never on my side, an occasional nod generally sufficed. 

"Well dear it was Mrs Templeton, you know her, frightful gossip. Anyway she lives next door to Nicholas and she told me he didn't come home last night."

My hands stilled from turning the cup in my hands round and round. I stood abruptly. "Tea?" Mrs Crichton looked delighted, and nodded. 

I went back into the passageway and into the small kitchen, quickly putting some water to boil. "So."

I turned, startled again, this was becoming a habit, I hadn't realised she had followed me. "What do you think of that? We all know of course that he likes to spend a lot of time with the girls in the village." She paused to give a disapproving sniff. "But spending the night? Unheard of."

I turned to the now whistling kettle, a smile tugging at the corner of my mouth. "Wonder who it was..." She lapsed into silence as I poured her a cup of tea, no doubt contemplating which girl had managed to keep Nick out all night. If only she knew it was me, I'd never hear the end of it. 

I carried the two cups back into the front room and waited patiently for Mrs Crichton to start again. Instead she leaned forward to lay her hand on mine. 

"You know dear, I worry about you. You've been all alone since your father died." 

I didn't reply and she continued. 

"It wouldn't do you a lot of harm to be trying to get Nicholas the same as every other young woman here. Some fun is exactly what you need."

"Well, I'm sure he'd certainly give me that."

Mrs Crichton chuckled. "Well yes, but tonight when we are all at the fire, you are going to talk to him. It's decided. Now I'm in a hurry, so I'll see you tonight."

Mrs Crichton whirled out before I had a chance to say much. It had clearly been the shortest visit I had ever received from her. It also gave me a lot to think about. I leaned my head on the palm of my hand and thought back to the night before, when I had allowed Nick to my bed, he now wore my bindings for the next few days, something the other village girls never liked. They much preferred him free to their advances. And boy did he enjoy them. I closed my eyes, thinking a little shamefully about how easily I had given myself to him, I barely even knew him, he now undoubtedly thought of me no better than the rest of the harlots swarming round him. 

I brought my head back up to shouts from the boys still playing outside. They didn't deserve to be living in a world like this. Over 120 years ago a war had broken out, nuclear as had so long been threatened. The aftermath rocked the world. Around 95% of the population was wiped out over a few short months, or so I was told. Those who remained huddled together, small pockets of civilisation, or close to it, here and there. Currently there were around 100 of us in this "village", others would come, some would leave, trying to find something better than this dry arid land we called home. They never found it. Everything was minimalist, rustic even. I hadn't known the days before. Neither had my father, or grandfather but I had heard the stories, every night we gathered round a fire, for company, socialisation, to tell of a time before this. Not much of which remained. Someday we would rebuild, the message was always the same.

I stood from the table, desperate to get away from such disconsolate thoughts. I grabbed the shoes from the door and slid into them. This time I closed the door, leaving my small house behind as my feet pounded the dusty street. My thighs ached, clearly unused to the way they had been spread last night, I blushed even though no-one could hear my thoughts. It was barely a half mile before I reached the boundary of the village, I went another mile more before swerving to circle the motley collection of houses that comprised of homes and businesses. I went for 5 miles before returning home. Once inside I stripped off the sweat soaked t-shirt and shorts. After drinking some water I collapsed face down on the bed. The exertions of last night and the run combined to make me exhausted, I was sleeping within moments. 

When I awoke again the sun was beginning to slip behind the distant mountains. I stood and stretched satisfyingly before dressing and making my way to the kitchen in search of some food. It was full dark by the time I was done and I made my way to the door, picking up a blanket on the way. 

It didn't take long to reach the large empty space at the centre of the town that acting as a meeting place, a large fire already blazed in the centre, and around 50 people were milling around. It didn't take me long to find someone I knew and I sneaked up behind Amy and grabbed her by the shoulders. She let out a shriek and turned. I smothered my laughter at the look on her face as she punched me on the shoulder. I stood half listening to the small group around me chatter away. The other half of my attention was searching the faces around me, looking for the one pair of blue eyes that I wanted to see, and at the same time avoid. I was also trying to avoid a certain busybody neighbour. I didn't see them by the time we all congregated round the fire. One of the men stood up, ready for his story to be heard. Silence fell as he began to speak, listening to the tale he wove as the fire danced behind him. Movement reached the corner of my eye and I watched as Nick made his way through the people to sit by his father, sitting partway around the semi-circle gathered. I kept my face turned to the elder but my eyes followed Nick as he whispered a few words to his father, noticing my bonds still in place around his forearms. I smiled broadly, I couldn't help it. His eyes lifted to me and I ducked my head, not sure I wanted for him to see me watching him. 

The old man's tale wound on and on, it was well into the night before he finished and the gathered mass moved as one, stretching out cramped limbs, cheered by the story of this night. I was cheered by having managed to avoid Mrs Crichton all night. I remained seated with my friends. The older generation usually retired, leaving the younger to chat round the fire, or secure a bed partner for the night. This was certainly a case for the troop that descended on Nick as soon as possible and I felt a scowl gather over my face. They could clearly see he was bound, he wouldn't be going to bed with any of them so they were wasting their time. I engaged myself in the conversation flowing around me, desperate not to be feeling jealously for the girls who held Nick's attention right now. It had never bothered me before, one night under his hands and I wanted him for my own!

It was several hours later before I rose to go back home. I bid goodbye to those I was with, spreading hugs and kisses around me before moving from the warmth of the fire. I shivered, drawing the blanket closer around me. This barren landscape was like a desert, hot in the day and freezing at night. A tug on my elbow spun me around and I came face to face with the man I'd been thinking about all night. 

He smiled at me. I couldn't help but smile back. He wrapped a lock of my hair round his finger and used it to bring me closer. He brought his mouth close to my ear. "I've been thinking about you all day." he growled. His lips gently touched my ear and I leaned into him. I slipped my hand under his shirt and slid the tips of my fingers down the front of his jeans, and gave them a tug. His eyes turned serious as they came back to mine as I tugged again, walking backwards this time, intent on leading him to my house. He complied, taking my hand from his jeans and clasping it in his. 

We made it to the door and were barely through it before we turned on each other, lips and tongues working furiously, my body plastered to his. His hands slid down my hips and round to my ass. He gripped me firmly before boosting me up. I wrapped my legs around him kicking off my shoes simultaneously. I reached around him to grab the edge of his shirt and tugged it over his head. His tongue thrust into my mouth in a intimation of what was to come. I held it lightly with my teeth and he stilled. I sucked on it, intending to repeat the act later with a different part of his anatomy. I let go to grip his lower lip instead, giving it a nibble. He groaned. I released him moving my head to press a kiss to his neck but instead landed with a thump on the bed. I blinked up at Nick in surprise and he roared with laughter. He crawled over me to remove my t-shirt before reclaiming my lips. I thrust my breasts into his chest, wanting the confines of my bra to be removed, needing his hands on me. He complied with my silent request but instead of his hands on me it was the hot pressure of his mouth teasing my already pebbled nipple into a hard peak. I gasped, I had no idea something like this could feel so good. He bit down none too gently urging a moan from my mouth. He ignored the nipple on the other breast, instead smoothing his hands down my hips, sliding my jeans down my hips. His mouth followed the downwards trail pressing kisses to the jut of my ribs, nipping the sensitive flesh there and leaving his mark. I slid my hands through his hair, fisting in the jet black softness they found there. His mouth left me and I opened my eyes and lifted my legs to help him remove my jeans. He slid his hands under my ass and urged my hips to his face again pressing a kiss to the hot flesh still covered by thin cotton. I watched him smirk at me before he ripped the last covering I had from me. 

He pressed one hand to the front of me, the heel of his hand pressing against me and I ground my hips into it, seeking the pleasure he had shown me last night. He chuckled and gripped my knees in his hands, pressing kisses to each before spreading them wide. He licked, nibbled and sucked his way up the inside of my things, alternating from one to the other. I knew his final destination, it was an act I had heard of but as he hadn't performed it last night I hadn't yet experienced it. 

That first small lick took the breath from me. One hand went to grip the bedspread whilst the other remained gripped in his hair. He didn't let up with a relentless barrage of pleasure. Alternating licks and sucks wreaked havoc and I felt myself becoming wet beyond belief. He brought me right to the edge before sliding his tongue deep inside me and it was the final push needed for me to let go and come...and come. He still didn't stop, this time including a finger pushed deep inside me. It was too much and I tried to push him away but he was having none of it. He gripped by clit between his teeth and gave it a small tug, my hips went with him, pushing myself into his face, forgetting a moment ago I had tried to push him away. 

Another finger joined the first and I arched on the bed. He didn't bother stroking in and out this time, simply focusing the tips of his fingers on a small area inside me. The edge came way too quickly and his mouth left me to bring his eyes to mine. They urged me on as did his words. 

"Come on Jen, come for me."

I complied. This time both my hands found the bedspread and grabbed it tightly in my hands, this orgasm was much stronger than the one before and it exhausted me. I slumped on the bed, unable to keep my eyes open, panting loudly. The centre of me still throbbed and I knew if he so much as touched me one more time release would be swift.