 Liv walked down the cracked side walk. She pulled her black, woolen waistcoat around her against the early spring chill. Above her, street lights started to come on and they floated ahead of her like ghostly orbs in the fog. She kept her head down, turned up the collar on her coat, and made her way down the street through crowds of people who were making there way home this evening. 

There was a sign that said 53rd and West and she turned down that way. 

 I hate coming this way on my own. Liv thought. 

It was an alley: dirty, full of the stink of rot and garbage. Liv wrinkled her nose and pressed the cuff of her sleeve to her face. 

You'd think the Cabal could find a decent place to meet.

She came to the dead-end brick wall of the ally and sighed. She was nervous enough about this evening without having to worry about where they were meeting this time. 

 Just remember what Dominic told you... 

Liv fished around in her pockets for a moment and took out a fat piece of chalk—the kind kids got to draw on side walks with. She started at the base of the wall and drew an archway back down to the bottom of the other side. At the top of the arch she drew a lemniscate—a figure-eight on its side—and on the underside of it, she drew a '2' with vertical line through the strait end for the sign of Jupiter.

"Unus," Liv said as she tapped the chalk against the worn brick. "Duo, Tres..." 

Nothing happened. She stood there for a moment, brow furrowed. 

Maybe I didn't—

Liv raised the chalk to knock again and suddenly shafts of light started to pour from between the mortar. The bricks started to separate and fall away where she had drawn the arch. She coughed and covered her mouth against the brick dust and beyond it she heard something growl. The silhouette of three heads loomed in the dimness of the evening. 

 Brutus? 

Liv stepped through the arch and a giant, three-headed dog leaped in front of her. It snarled and barked and its red eyes glared at her. 

"Brutus! Ia savi tentis, rista!" 

The Cerberus advanced on her, its teeth gnashing, wanting to taste flesh. Its three heads growled, heedless of the old command that Liv spoke. 

"Brutus!" 

Then, she felt a long, thick dog-tongue lick her hand. 

"Brutus..." Liv muttered and gave it a pat on each of its heads as the bricks reformed behind her. "When I tell you to rest, you rest." 

The Cerberus whined at her sharp tone. 

"Don't be so hard on him, Liv."

"Dominic?"

A golden moat of flame flickered to life at the shoulder of a handsome, European man with dark hair and sharp features. 

"He's 300 years old—Brutus doesn't hear so well." 

Liv frowned at him. 

"Yeah, well... It's all fun and games until someone gets mauled."

"Come on, Liv" he chuckled as he held out his hand to her. "This is your night. We don't want to keep the others waiting." 

Dominic's hand was warm and familiar in hers as the golden flame cast their shadows on the shifting, changing walls. He led her down the hall that started to expand and unfold into the inside of a European-looking monastery. Somewhere behind, Brutus loped along after them. 

"What is this place?" Liv murmured. 

"When you opened the door, you opened up a rift into a sort of... pocket universe." He said. "We're walking in between worlds here: between our world and the ethereal world. We're standing in the middle of--"

"—Chaos." Liv finished for him. "It feels like chaos. I can feel it squirming against my skin. It feels wrong."

Dominic nodded

"The sensation will pass. You'll get used to the... unnatural feel of it. The nice thing about Chaos is that it can be molded into whatever we desire." 

"And we desire a monastery?"

"I desire a monastery—they're beautiful and peaceful." Dominic smiled. "Perfect for workings. I miss Europe; someday I'll take you." 

Liv only nodded and gave his hand a gentle squeeze. She was usually more talkative than this, especially when they hadn't seen each other in some time. They stopped just outside the grand, wooden double doors of the beautiful monastery that had been molded out of chaos stuff.

"Liv?" Dominic said softly as he took her face in his hands. "What's--" 

"--There's nothing wrong...."

The hell there isn't! He wanted to say, but Liv turned away from him and threw open the double doors. Shafts of light touched her as they streamed through the stained glass. For a moment, she was caught up in its beauty and peace. 

How is he doing this? Liv thought as she glanced up at the high, ornately carved ceiling of the monastery's sanctuary. 

She looked to where there might've been an altar, but sitting cross-legged and floating in the air was a pale, elven woman. She was barely clothed in diaphanous white that fluttered around her. In her hands, she held a pearlescent ball that was alight with cold, silver fire. 

His Other? 

"Livy!" 

From up the red aisle, Liv saw Suyin coming up and Piper trailing behind her. 

The fey-like Other at the Chinese woman's shoulder pushed off and fluttered towards her. The pixyish beauty gave Liv an impish grin as it hovered before her, gave her a sudden peck on lips, and giggled as she zipped off and fluttered behind her mistress. 

Liv blushed as she absently touched her lips, and the little pixy peered out at her from behind Suyin's shoulder with a grin. 

"Ai's missed you," Suyin said. 

She held Liv a little closer and whispered in her ear:

"So have I...." 

Suyin lightly inhaled the gentle, heady scent of sweet spice and musk that Liv wore. It was Egyptian musk—her favorite scent on her. 

"Suyin," Liv said softly "It's good to see you too...."

Suyin held on a little longer, a little tighter. 

"Okay." Piper said. "Break it up. Stop hogging her, Suyin."

Dominic chuckled and Liv looked up to see a man's handsome body fit with a bull's head, gently prying them apart. His long, willowy wings fluttered, agitated. 

"Tyros." Liv murmured. 

Piper walked through his Other then, and Suyin gave an exasperated sigh as he came between them and embraced Liv. The bull-headed Tyros gave Suyin a cool look. 

I told you she's not gay! Piper's thoughts crashed against Suyin's. 

Maybe she's bi! Suyin shot back. 

That's your wishful thinking—she's Dom's girl and you know it!

Suyin only crossed her arms and pouted. Ai peered around her and gave Tyros an ugly look; he shrugged it off. 

"It's good to have you back, Liv." Piper said gently. 

Liv nodded and she glanced over his shoulder. Piper's brow furrowed slightly. 

"What is it?" he asked. 

"I keep thinking I'll see Seth."

Dominic came behind Liv then and brought his arms around her. Suyin couldn't stand to look at them together, and she turned away. 

"He died...." 

"It wasn't your fault." Dominic said softly. "You didn't do anything wrong."

"Those things killed him because of me." Liv whispered. 

Suyin came to her then, and laid a gentle hand on her shoulder. 

"If it wasn't for Seth," Suyin said, "the wraith would've drained you and torn your psyche to pieces. He saved you life."

"Yeah," Liv smiled weakly. "He did." 

Dominic kissed the top of her forehead. So many times he'd wished to god that her Awakening had been more peaceful. He held her tight and gave her a gentle squeeze. For long moments, there was a sad, almost awkward silence that touched the beautiful sanctuary, and then the sound of bells struck the air. Dominic turned Liv to face him and he brushed dark hair away from her eyes. 

"It's time..." 

Dominic looked to Suyin. 

"Help her get ready--Piper and I will set the circle. I'll let you know when we're done."

Suyin nodded, and Piper gave her a last look of warning. 

Suyin... 

She gave Piper an annoyed look. 

"C'mon Liv," she said. "Let's leave the boys to their work."

Suyin defiantly took Liv's hand and Piper rolled his eyes. She heard Tyros snort disapprovingly as Suyin led her down the red aisle towards the heavy doors that lead further into the monastery. 

