 The alarm began ringing at exactly 7:00 as always, sending its mind numbing beeps echoing through my skull. My dream of owning the world's largest greenhouse fading away; quickly being replaced with the dull gray walls of my bedroom. I reach out my right hand and slam the alarm clock, knocking it off the night stand without actually turning it off. Again.

"Shut up already!" I groan deeply and crumple out of bed, falling besides the blaring alarm clock and finally switching it off. 

A sigh of relief escapes my pink and peach colored lips as silence finally envelopes me once more. I start to drift back into slumber, the giant greenhouse and world fame tempting me to sleep once more. 

"Greenhouse..." I mumble, and then suddenly jump up from the floor. "My plants!" 

Within seconds I am flying through my room like a bee, moving from dresser to dresser, grabbing semi-folded clothes and scattered socks. I stumble over a loose tee-shirt and end up smacking my face against the bathroom door. The impact stuns me and I fall back onto my rump, the clothes I was carrying shooting up into the air, only to disperse around my already messy room.

"Oww, damn it!" I rub my nose gently, slowly returning to my feet and picking up the pieces of clothing I had dropped. 

Walking into the bathroom, I take a look in the mirror and frown. My nose was already beginning to bruise a little, making my pale complexion ever more noticeable. Other than the newly formed blemish, my skin was for the most part smooth and flawless. Long, jet black hair that falls to my shoulders and bangs that completely conceal my forehead, it doesn't really suite my personality. Most people think I'm Emo or Goth, but it's just how I naturally look. The nickname "Snow White" sort of fits though, but minus the animals and replace it with plants. That's a whole other story though.

I sigh, looking at my reflection for a few moments. I then pull off the purple lace night gown, tossing it into the laundry basket; along with my bra and panties. Turning on the hot water, I slip into the shower, enjoying the scalding water as it battered against my skin. 

While I wash up, I can't help but cup my bust and hips, trying to feel if I've manage to grow anymore. I would love to finally fit the several pairs of 32DD bra's my mother sent to me for my birthday. I'm so close to reaching the next cup, but I'm probably going to have to sell them soon. Bigger boobs might look good on me, I already fit the "Curvier than Average" title that my friends created. 

After my shower I dry off and slip on a pair of black panties and bra, fixing the strap before slipping on a blue tank top and black shorts. I must say, I like tight clothing, my shirt hugging my curves perfectly while my shorts shape my hips and butt nicely. I brush my hair and wink at myself in the mirror, the crystal blue eyes staring back at me repeating the same gesture.

Over the next hour I eat breakfast that consisted of toast and butter, scoffing it down in a matter of seconds. I then move to get my tools and seeds, walking out of my tiny 4-room cabin and out to the much larger garden that encompasses my home, taking in a deep breath as the sweet, spring morning air washes over me. I smile widely, seeing the thick background of the nearby forest; my house at least 10 miles from town and completely secluded from others.

I then set out to work, watering the rows and rows of flowers, vegetables, ferns, and berry bushes that I have neatly placed in categories, a total of 8 in all. But the eighth section is reserved for the brand new seeds I bought over the weekend from a traveling saleswoman.

According to her, these seeds were a very fast growing breed of vine. I haven't had much experience with vines before, but now was as good as a time as any. I step onto the 15x15 foot block of dirt and reposition one of the wooden fences that the vines were to grow on. Not exactly sure how I plant these, I open up the little bag to pull out one of the baby vines, hoping to find an answer by looking at the type of seed. But to my surprise, all 14 of them were already started, so I decided to just bury the 2 inch stems halfway into the fertile dirt by the bases of each of the 3 fences.

"Hmm... it says they should begin to grow upon contact with proper soil." I mumble as I read the back of the bag, cautiously looking down at the baby vines to see that two of them were beginning to creep further out of the dirt.

"What? No way!" I stare at the plants in awe, absolutely amazed that they were growing so quickly. "What the hell is the name of these things?" I flip the bag over and over to find the name, finally finding it in a very fine print. "'A girl's best friend', odd name, but they're starting to live up to that title!" 

I can't help but grin and watch them grow for the next several hours, noting the many changes they under took. Within 1 hour, all 14 reached a height of 3 feet. At two hours, they coiled and climbed the fences, reaching a length of about 11 feet and sprouting tiny buds at the tips. After four hours, they stopped growing at about 35 feet long and developed several flowers, but only one of the vines was exempt from all of these changes. 

Instead of growing like the others, its tip developed like a Venus fly trap, but on a gargantuan scale. It was easily about 18 feet in diameter and about half as tall. And the vine itself thickened greatly in order to support the massive 'head'.

I stood there, watching all of this unfold, frozen in place from pure amazement. But when that giant fly trap grew, a sense of fear stirred up inside my gut. 

"What should I do? Should I call Roselle or Tina? Or do I keep quiet about this? How come that saleswoman didn't tell me about this?" Questions fire throughout my brain, and I grab the package, reading its contents and looking at the pictures of the end results. No fly trap anywhere, but what disturbed me even more was that the bag said that there was only supposed to be 13 seeds.

I quickly count thirteen vines, and then I look at the fly trap. "Fourteen..." I start to back away, reaching into my back pocket for my cell phone. Instead i get a handful of nothing, not taking my eyes off of the giant plant. "Shit, I left it inside."

Either it was my overwhelming fear, or I actually saw the massive mouth of the fly trap begin to open slowly, revealing the red insides where many smaller, similar colored tendrils were wriggling around. 

I take another step back, tripping on one of the other vines and falling on my ass into the soft dirt. I close my eyes tightly "It's not real, it's just a dream." I say several times over and over, until I calm down and open my left eye. 

There was nothing there, only the thirteen vines that were finished growing and their sweet scented flowers, the orange petals reflecting the rays of sunshine in a peculiar way, appearing to shimmer. I sit there confused, my mind trying to register what had just happened. But before I could process it, something damp and spongy wrapped around my right ankle.

"Hmm?" I look down at my foot and freeze in fear once more. One of the red tendrils I had seen earlier was coiling around my ankle, its grip tightening as it climbed further up my smooth leg. 

Just then, a shadow looms over me and before I realize it, complete darkness hampers my vision.

Wet walls push against me and I can feel a sticky fluid soaking my clothing and hair, an odd but sweet smell flowing into my lungs with every breath I take. These walls feel comfortable, almost like warm pillows. Despite my blindness, I wriggle around to try and feel for an opening, but having no luck. 

I shift my legs, the fear returning once the tug of the tendril from before can still be felt. "No, what is this place? Let me out!" I yell, my voice vibrating off the spongy walls, seeming to travel nowhere. I push at the walls harder and harder, trying to get away from the vine around my ankle, which was now coiling around my thigh and slipping up my shorts.

"H-hey! Where do you think you're going?" I gasp as the warm tendril creeps up my shorts, sliding along the back of my thigh. My eyes widen as I feel it start to slip under my panties, and I start to wriggle violently, reaching down to try and pull it away.

Before I could even more an inch, I can feel two more tendrils emerge and they grab hold of my wrists, pulling my arms up above my head. "No! Stop this, let me go!" I scream, tears beginning to form in my eyes as the slick tendril in my shorts slides into my panties, its thin, round tip making its way further inside until it pressed against my slit.

"Stop, please!" I yell once more, thrashing my hips about violently. Absolutely no way am I going to be raped by a plant! How do I even know what gender this thing is? 

But soon more tendrils grew around my waist and upper thighs, holding me firmly in place. And because of this, I could feel that slimy tip begin to slip between my folds with ease. I groan loudly, the vine seeming to tease my walls, tracing its thin feeler along my insides lightly "S-stop!" I yell once more, but suddenly my mouth is plugged shut with a new type of vine. 

I winced, my voice turning into muffled screams as this thick, penis like vine shut me up. What is with this thing? It's definitely a male, who else would have a penis? Females don't have them in real life! But then again... is this real? If it is... 

My mind began to wander but it quickly returned to the situation as the thinner tendril slipped out of my slit, the weird fluid that it was covered in seeming to have set a fire within my groin. I groan loudly at the new stimulation, suddenly feeling another penis like tip presses firmly against my pussy.

Huh? Where did my shorts go? I realize the bareness of my crotch, my clothing seeming to have dissolved. I could even feel holes within my shirt and bra as well. Whatever this liquid was, it was eating away at my clothes.

But I had no time to think any more after that. Without any warning, the dick vine plunged into my pussy mercilessly, stretching me more than my biggest dildo, which was at least an inch and a half. I jerk my body in pain and scream into the tendril within my mouth, the pain soon turning into a fuzzy feeling. My body numbed a little, the tendril inside my slit pressed right up against my cervix. 

I took a deep breath and was immediately fucked. Both of the tendrils began to thrust in and out of my mouth and pussy, sending strange waves of pleasure and pain throughout my body. 

The warm fluid that had soaked my clothing was now releasing pheromones into my body, making my pink, perky nipples to stick out through my tight top; and my entire body to shiver and sweat. 

An orgasm? So soon? 

I blush as my pussy leaks my sweet nectar all over the dick vine, my walls tightening around the thick tendril, which I am pretty sure was throbbing. 

My body convulses suddenly as the dick vine curved up to rub against my g-spot, sending me over the edge. I orgasm hard, my hot juices squirting out all over the vine and onto the spongy walls, yelling loudly throughout the forced orgasm. It seemed to last forever, my sticky fluids flowing out of my pussy and filling the tiny compartment I was locked inside.

Right as my climax was about to fade away, the tendril in my mouth erupted with a sweet, thick fluid, forcing me to swallow if I still wanted to breathe. There was so much of what I assumed to be its semen, mouthful after mouthful filled my belly. And as soon as I began drinking it, the dick vine in my cunt did the same. 

But what prolonged my powerful orgasm, was that it suddenly pushed its tip through my cervix to begin pumping me full of its molten goo. Its girth was so thick that it acted like a plug, every single drop of it filling my womb. It must've been the pheromones I've been drugged with, but I swear I could feel my womb stretching to accommodate the copious amount of plant cum, leaving me bloated and stuffed. I drifted away into a deep slumber, not realizing the plant had also injected a tiny seed within my womb. All that was on my mind at the moment was my world renown greenhouse being flooded with a white goo. 

To be continued...