 He heard it again... off in the clearing... it sounded like a woman's voice calling for someone... he stood perfectly still listening one more time... there it was again. It was indeed a woman whose cries came from a nearby small meadow, the only clearing in all of the forest. He knew grown up in the forest and knew of every tree, every flower, every rock and every magical creature. And there was no woman in this part of the forest, "She must be lost." He mused to himself as he made way toward the sound of her voice.

The woods were so inviting, lush and green; he couldn't but feel at easy with its beauty and enchantment that had become part of him. Suddenly the wind caught the trees easily rustling the branches and the leaves whipped off the forest floor, sensing the changes in the breeze he knew a nymph was close. He knew each nymph intimately and their seductive tricks and could sense they were close. He wondered what their intent was now, even though he would never complain, having taken pleasure with them more often then naught.

As he approached the clearing, his eyes beheld the most beautiful woman with golden brown curls dancing down her back standing in the center surrounded by a thousand wild flowers. She wore a white revealing dress with a thin gold sash and a golden snake wrapped around her bare forearm. Now he knew the intent of the Nymph... she was to seduce the young beauty. There was only one, Leimonaid, the meadow nymph, who currently was translucent and was touching the woman's hair. He could see the nymph knowing her well.

The woman didn't seem alarmed, but was enjoying the brush of her hair by the nymph. "Did she know?" He wondered as he sat back on his heals to watch the seduction take place.

Leimonaid became more bold... as nymphs do... and started to slowly caress the woman's shoulders slipping the sleeves of her dress off to reveal a pair of beautiful white full firmly shaped breasts. He gapped at the sight of them and swallowed hard wondering what it would be like to feel them in his hands... Leimonaid's whispered in the woman's ear the words caught on the wind and he heard her ask the woman's name... in which the woman reply "Echo"... 

"Let me touch you." Leimonaid whisper to her as she slipped her hand down from Echo's shoulder to one of those beautiful breasts. "Let me give you pleasure." 

Echo reached up with her own hands up to her breasts and started to squeeze them along with Leimonaid. The seduction was taking place and he watched attentively longing to be Leimonaid.

"Who are you?" Echo asked her voice was calm and inviting.

"I am Leimonaid the meadow nymph," she whispered. "Echo, let me shower you with my attentions. Let me touch and tantalize your skin and body with my arts. I beg you."

Echo had already been caught by Leimonaid's enchanting words as her body started to react to it. Her nipples harden and her eyes closed and her hands feverishly caressing her own breasts. Leimonaid untied the belt and it fell to the ground followed by the dress. Echo stood naked and beautiful. Her body was like none that he had ever seen before, rich and soft with color and charm. He could see why the nymph was taken with her. 

Leimonaid materialized as she laid Echo back on the bed of wild flowers kissing her on the mouth soft and passionately. Leimonaid had a young woman's body, just as beautiful as Echo's but Leimonaid was enchanting with her green curls of hair that touched the ground. Her skin was a bronzy yellow, which was most appealing... He could see the two clearly from where he knelt and he longed to join them, but he knew if he interrupted a nymph and her seduction then she would shun him and he enjoyed Leimonaid's touch to dare to interrupt. 

The two women kissed and bodies pressed together in Echo's embrace. Leimonaid's knee was between Echo's legs pressing against the very thing he wished his hard cock was in... Her lush pink pussy. Leimonaid rocked back and forth slightly... Kissing Echo more, longer and deeper. Lightly Leimonaid traced the edge of Echo's lips, suckling their fullness into her mouth and suffusing them with her warmth. Her hands ran the length of Echo's torso, stroking and petting... reaching Echo's breasts... Leimonaid broke the kiss and mouth found hands delight. She laved the nipples with tender kisses and nipping bits. He watched as Echo's nipples peaked more at Leimonaid's moist warm kisses. Echo started to pant softly enthralled in the erotic experience. He could feel his own body start to reach to the scene that played out before him, his cock hard and his urges stronger... he silently slipped off one boot and then another cautiously trying hard not to disturb the two women... he could stroke and entertain himself while he watched the women make love to one another... he would be satisfied too...

Leimonaid's hand crept from Echo's breasts, which were still being kissed and suckled; down to Echo's clit... slowly Leimonaid rubbed still pressing her knee into Echo's pussy... rocking back and forth gently... A light sheen of sweat beaded across Echo's skin. Echo's hands ran through Leimonaid's hair as the adept nymph was giving waves of pleasure.

Leimonaid stopped sucking Echo's breasts and kissed her passionately tracing the her nipples carefully in her mouth... Leimonaid moan out the words, more than she spoke them "Your magnificent. Your skin tastes of honey."

As Leimonaid's kisses fell lower and lower on Echo's body the moans became louder and more expectant... Leimonaid kissed the ridge of Echo's hipbone to the beginnings of her down. She paused... looked up at Echo... and He too could see Echo's look of lustful impatience... he stroked himself enthralled in watching as Leimonaid slipped two fingers into Echo's wet juicy pussy and lowered her head to lick her clit... he wished he could taste the delicious moisture and delved deeper pulling Echo's legs further over his shoulders... he would flick his tongue unmercifully over her tender spot... thoughts swarmed in his head as he heard Echo cry out "Yes, oh yes, please, please, don't stop. MORE! MORE!!" He was stroking vigorously... ah god he was about to cum watching Echo's body tense up... she press her hands on Leimonaid's face driving Leimonaid harder against her center as her hips bucked softly... Leimonaid's fingers being thrust into Echo's pussy more and more... it was a sight... one he would love to be involved with... he moaned... loudly... caught in the thrill of ecstasy... suddenly he realized his mistake he looked to the women... both had stopped and were looking at him... 

It was Echo who first smiled at him catching him by surprise. Leimonaid smiled too without even looking at Echo, both women were pleased to see him. He gulped hard with his hard cock in his hand. 

"Come here." Leimonaid commanded. Who was he not to obey... when he reached them, naked and hard... Leimonaid continued... "Do you desire him, Echo?"

Echo looked him up and down smiling the whole time. "I do." She said.

"Then take him in your mouth." Leimonaid said with a smirk. 

He was elated... Leimonaid wasn't angry with him and he no longer had to just watch the erotic scene from a distance. He stepped over Echo's luscious body where she sat and standing facing her he reached out his hand to guide her head to his hard cock and pressed himself to her lips. Lightly she ran her tongue out over the tips of his shaft. Her hands made their way around to his ass and squeezed tightly digging her nails into him... he moaned with pleasure. Between his legs down below, Leimonaid's head was between Echo's pussy lips licking feverously... Echo softly moaned with delight but continued to lick his hard cock. Echo gently rocked back and forth from Leimonaid's thrusting of her fingers in Echo's pussy. Not losing a moment, Echo wrapped her graceful lips around his stem and drew deeply upon his whole length. His cock swelled in her mouth and small amounts of pre cum escaped into her mouth... she sucked hard while he stroked his cock with one hand... his other hand was lost in her hair pulling her into him. Echo drew him in deeper, nearly swallowing his cock... he had to stop stroking... but he was so desirous for more he played with him balls while she squeezed and massaged his ass with her nails. He was in heaven... she suck... hard...and deep... long... and harder... he moan loudly as did she... the rhythm of her movement being forced by Leimonaid who fucked her pussy with her fingers and tongue drove him wild... Echo moaned while he was in her mouth and he knew by her body language that she was nearing her climax... oh god he was in heaven... her body tensed beneath him... and when he thought he was about to cum hard along with her, he felt a hand between his inner thighs... it was Leimonaid from below... he looked at her with lustful eyes still playing his balls with his cock in Echo's mouth... he was gasping... sucking in deep breaths of the cool air...

"It is over when you cum." Leimonaid said sweetly. "Do not cum, we aren't ready to be finished with you." 

He smiled down at her and backed away from Echo's beautiful wet sensuous mouth knowing if he continued one second more he cum and it would upset Leimonaid...

His cock dripped with her saliva mixed with his pre cum... Leimonaid pulled him down forcing him to knelt beside Echo... ah god... she was beautiful and he stared at her gorgeous eyes seeing deep passion in them... 

"Help me pleasure her." Leimonaid commanded him softly. "She is our goddess." How true that was. Leimonaid looked down at Echo's face... reaching down she kissed her on the lips... deep and long... passionately... he nearly cummed watching them... eyed her sweet pussy wondering what it tasted like... he drooled with a strong urge to indulge himself... he scrambled to find his place between her firm thighs... looking down at her swollen pussy lips he parted them with two of his fingers... oh god... the sweet pink of her most intimate part looked inviting... he traced those tender lips with his fingers... she shuddered at his touch arousing him more... he then slipped them easily into her wet pussy... thrusting hard... once... and then quickly slipped them out again... it wasn't his intent to fuck her pussy with his fingers... juices dripping from that lovely hole needed to be lapped up by his tongue... he ran his fingers back up to her pussy lips and parted them once again...swooping down with his wet tongue slipped into the folds of her warm clit and flicking hard the little nubbin nestled therein... Echo shuddered... over and over as he flicked it with his tongue her body reacted... she was ripe and ready... Leimonaid muffled Echo's moans as she kissed her on the mouth... teasing a nipple with her hand... he paid them no mind as he ran his tongue the length of her clit... tasting her sweetness was like fruit from the gods... he soon found what she wanted... long laps with his tongue from pussy hole to the very edge of the clit where the down of her hair met... over and over he licked enjoying the ecstasy... his body moved with the strokes rubbing his hard cock against the crushing flowers beneath him... ah god he wanted more... he slipped his one finger into her ass thrusting her hard moving her body with his... he moaned... ah... god... he moaned hard... 

One long lap up with his tongue and his attention caught hold of the site of another pussy staring at him in the face... it was Leimonaid who was ass and pussy hole dripping with juices right in front of him... the juices beckoned him.... With fingers still fucking Echo he reached up with his tongue and licked Leimonaid, lapping up her sweetness... ah god it was heaven... she tasted good... Leimonaid arched her back and moaned loudly... he didn't let up... he licked more and more... fucking Echo's ass... Leimonaid's body shuddered... it took her a minute to collected herself... once she did he could see all that she did to Echo... Leimonaid reached down and with her tongue she licked Echo's nipple... then blew on it softly... she moaned to his licking and then reached down and sucked up Echo's breast in her mouth... oh god... he wanted some of that action... he closed his eyes and sucked on her clit... she moaned with pleasure... his cock was hard... it was starting to hurt longing for some pussy to surround it... he took his fingers out of Echo and crept forward pulling her knees up too... he slipped his hard cock into her tight hole and moaned with satisfaction... he nearly cummed and did just a little... her legs wrapped around his waist and he started to pump and watched the two women toy, kiss and enjoy one another... he pushed Leimonaid off to the side so he could have at one of Echo's nipples... no need for nymph to have both... Leimonaid didn't complain as she sucked on Echo's breasts... with one hand she teased the other nipple... hardening it for him... he reached down... still fucking her and started to lick the nipple while Leimonaid teased and pinched it for him... he reached back with his one hand and found Leimonaid's ass... pulling her closer to him, he slipped a finger in her ass... and started to finger fuck her ass...

He sucked on Echo's nipple, twisting and twirling it in mouth... her breast was full and soft... and the nipple hard and ready... he pumped his cock more moving his fingers in Leimonaid's ass to the same rhythm... Leimonaid stopped sucking on Echo's nipple and reached up to kiss her... what a sight that was... with his eyes wide open sucking earnestly on Echo, still fucking her and finger fucking Leimonaid... he watched as Leimonaid's tongue licked the side of Echo's mouth... Echo reached out with her tongue to meet it... together they intertwined... twisting erotically together... he nearly cummed watching them... Echo's body started to tense... he could feel her beneath him and knew she was close to her climax... Her legs tightened and her back started arch... he still sucked... he continued to thrust her... Harder... and harder... deeper and deeper... he was getting rough with her and Leimonaid... both women were panting... they had stopped kissing... he continued for a few seconds more hoping that they would start back up again... but both were enjoying his touch... both were about to climax at the same time... he knew Leimonaid's body well... he knew how her body reacted to his... she was enjoying his fingers in her ass... he slowed his movements... and sucked hard one last time Echo's nipple... releasing it, hard... she cummed and he felt it... her pussy wet his cock as her legs squeezed his waist and her back arched high shoving that nipple back in his mouth... he nipped at it and then licked it seductively... and blew lightly... she screamed with excitement... gasping hard she looked at him begging him for mercy to stop... but he did not...

He smirked at her... still pumping his hard cock into her wet pussy hole... his fingers in Leimonaid's ass he quickly pulled them out knowing it would make her cum... he was pleased to hear her cry and looked at him... the look was one of lust and desire... he knew now he had both women right where he wanted them... 'Kiss again..' He panted out as he kept fucking Echo... with a nod of servitude Leimonaid looked over to Echo for with enduring eyes... with on hand she reach over and cupped the young beauty's cheek and passionately kissed Echo on the mouth... ah god... it was so erotic watching their mouths move together... enjoying each other... enjoying the desire... he leaned down close to their mouths and licked Leimonaid's mouth... ah god... Leimonaid and Echo responded... both tongues came at him... desiring his... Leimonaid slipped her hand around to his ass and squeezed it digging her nails in deep while kissing the corner of his mouth... Echo kissed the other corner of his mouth... together the three kissed... tongues slipped in and out of his... he could feel theirs touch his and touch each other... he enjoyed the moment forgetting his hard cock in Echo's wet pussy... 

The two women's tongues meet each other and he backed away... he was more entertained on watching them kiss then he was kissing either one... he sat back on his heels and his cock slipped out of Echo... it was wet and dripping with her cum... white and thick... his cock was hard and yearning for more but he pleasured himself for a moments time watching the women go at it kissing and petting each other's breasts... all nipples hard... and Echo's were wet with saliva that glistened in the sunlight... it was a beautiful sight to behold... Echo pulled Leimonaid down on her holding her closely as they kissed... deep, long and passionately... He couldn't help himself as he pulled Leimonaid up onto Echo... her ass looked luscious and tempting and he slipped his wet cock in... ah god she was tight... placing both hands on her hips he thrusted her hard... once... twice... she stopped kissing Echo and screamed in pleasure... thrice... and he cummed hard... filling her ass full of his juices... He was panting... gasping hard... he held her keeping his cock deep into her ass letting all the cum work it's way out... once he knew it was empty he sat back on his heels slipping out of Leimonaid's ass... Leimonaid slipped over to the side of Echo and looked back at him with a stunned look on her face... once again it was Echo who surprised him... she giggled and told Leimonaid with a smile "let me lick it out."

Echo kissed Leimonaid long and hard... her hand slipped down to Leimonaid's nipple pinching it... he was so turned on by watching them he sat back in awe... Echo laid Leimonaid down... and worked her mouth... and tongue down Leimonaid's body... licking and sucking every part of her neck... still pinching that nipple, twisting it with her fingers... Echo worked her way between the breasts kissing and slightly sucking on her... he started to feel a tinge of excitement in his cock... his hand made it way down to it... it started to get hard while he held it lightly in his hand... softly he stroked it as he watched Echo part Leimonaid's legs as she sucked and kissed the inside of her thighs... Echo was erotic... seductive... and beautiful... she kissed more... licking her tongue along the thigh down the down of Leimonaid's body... taking her fingers she parted Leimonaid's pussy lips and with her tongue out she licked once... sending a surge of desire through his body... ah god... he moaned out loud... neither women paid him any mind... Echo continued working her tongue down to Leimonaid's pussy... then lifting her legs up she reached her ass... dripping with his juices... his white creamy cum.

He watched her intently with his cock in his hand stroking it softly... Echo licked once long and seductively across Leimonaid's ass... he could see her saliva on Leimonaid's ass glisten in the sunlight and his desire grew more... Echo licked one more time twisting her tongue around the hole and then sucked gently... locking her luscious lips around Leimonaid's ass... Echo's body started to rock back and forth as she sucked enjoying the moment of ecstasy... he couldn't stand it any longer and needed to join again... he reached over to Echo's bare body and from behind he parted her legs... she complied without letting up her erotic tongue dance on Leimonaid's ass... he took his fingers, three of them, and slipped them into her pussy... wet and very hot... he moaned with excitement... she groaned with desire... he started to thrust... long and hard... fucking her with his fingers... wiggling them deep inside her... when he wiggled her body tensed and he knew he had found her weak spot... the spot that would make her cum... long and hard... he smiled knowing exactly what he wanted from her...

He thrust more... harder and deeper... wiggling his fingers more... she groaned with excitement sucking harder on Leimonaid's ass. The thrill of fucking her... enjoying her hot pussy on his fingers... it was enough to make him cum... he found himself panting... enjoying rocking her body hard whilst holding onto her hip with his other hand. Her body tensed and he knew she was close to cumming again. He thrust one last time... harder and deeper than he had ever gone before. He held it there... wiggled his finger... her thighs tighten around his hand and he quickly pulled out of her knowing she had reached her climax. Her back arched as she lifted her head up screaming in delight... He parted her legs, swooped down and buried his face into her pussy wanting to suck out all her juices as she cummed... she tasted sweeter than honey as he enjoyed the fullness of her cum in his mouth... When he thought her orgasm was done, he licked her... once... Her body tensed, this time around his head and she cummed again. She was filling his mouth full... he licked her again... "STOP!" She screamed... "STOP"... her body tensed, sensitive to his touch... she cummed yet again... sweet gods it tasted good... he had her right where he wanted her... he licked one last time and she cummed so hard and her body was so tense that the cum shot into his mouth... he sucked enjoying all of her juices... once she was done climaxing, he sat back on his heels... cum dripping from his lip... Echo fell over on her side beside Leimonaid, panting and shuddering with excitement. She was a goddess... beautiful to behold and as he looked upon her beauty she stared at Leimonaid. She reached over and started to play with the nymph's hair. "Thank you." She said still panting hard content and relaxed. Leimonaid smiled, kissed on the lips... passionately... then licked them erotically and said, "Come back often." He smiled and added "Please."