 Author's Note:

Thanks to bikoukumori for a wonderful editing job and fellow authors redskyes and Handley_Page for helpful additions and insight.

This is part three of four. If you stumbled into here via the tag search, I'd ask you to start from part one for maximum enjoyment.

And as always, only adults having fun here. 




Part Three

The days went by. In ever widening circles, Leo, Arach and Tear explored the hills and cliff sides around Storm Harbour for any hints that might lead to the discovery of the dragon's lair but so far their search had been in vain. There were several seaside caverns but most of them simply ended after a couple dozen meters. Others went deeper into the cliff sides but tended to be flooded during high tide which made them unlikely places for a dragon's hoard. Shilana didn't return and Leo was torn between the fun he was having with the two dark elves and his obligation to his friend. By day, they were travelling the countryside, at night they would share their tent, often times cuddling together under the blankets, Tear and Arach teasing him, inviting him to join in their lovemaking but never pushing him beyond his comfort zone.

During a resupply trip into the city, he excused himself from his companions and made a quick round through Shilana's usual haunts but no one had seen her for the last week. A little uneasy, Leo returned to Oak House to collect his battle companions. Tear and Arach awaited him outside Oak House, a plot of land cornered by four interweaving, massive oak trees. Between the freshly sprouting green of the boughs, several small buildings could be seen, busy dark elves bustling this way and that. Both women smiled fondly as he emerged from the sea of people pushing through the street. Leo couldn't help but smile back. He had warmed to his companions and slowly accepted their welcoming, irreverent way of living. Sometimes, when he was laying alone on his bedroll, hearing their clandestine moans and kisses, his mind wandered and he imagined how it would be to submit to one or, gods above, both of them, leaving him achingly hard and gasping for breath. But to his own surprise, he couldn't find the courage, yet.

"Hey, what are you dreaming about?" Arach teased him.

"You, little minx," Leo smiled, tousling her hair fondly. Arach looked at him in surprise. 

"Got all the supplies we need?" Leo asked Tear. She patted the pack horse nuzzling her other hand, indicating the bags of supplies tethered onto its back. 

"Everything we could ever need. I also got you this," she smiled, handing Leo a small silver necklace with an eye-shaped locket dangling from it.

"What's that?" the paladin asked, accepting the gift gratefully.

"A darkvision charm. With it, you can see in the dark like us," Arach beamed.

"I was thinking. You're making us an easy target when underground. Usually, you'd need a torch to be of any use in the caves but with this you're much better off. Both hands free and all," Tear explained. 

"Also, we've had a long talk with our High Priestess," Arach went on, preparing her own horse for departure. "We seem to have exhausted all obvious possibilities. The only thing we've yet to try are the Depths Below. There are enough subterranean connections to the ocean, according to Mother Avea. Maybe we can find the dragon there."

"Aren't dragons creatures of the sky?" Leo asked doubting, shoving the necklace into a belt pocket. "I thought with their wings, they would need every chance of flying they can get."

"With a being able to use magic, you don't need the proverbial cave entrance," Tear elaborated. "Also, dragons are both intelligent and paranoid. They don't want anyone finding their hoards. So I wouldn't put it past one to hide its riches deep underground instead of close to the surface, where we've been looking."

"That makes an awful lot of sense," Leo sighed, swinging his armoured bulk into the saddle of his own warhorse. "So, lets find us an entrance to the Depths Below."

***

Before him, the passage gaped like the maw of some primal beast, the last bit of light swallowed by the inky depths beyond. Arach and Tear quickly found an entrance into the Depths Below, the endless warren of corridors, caves and grottoes beneath the Surface. Leo pulled the charm Tear and Arach had given him over his head and blinked. Suddenly, the faint, errant rays of the sun that had managed to penetrate this deep into the cave they had entered seemed to disappear and the rocks surrounding him began to take shape, contours and details jumping out at him he hadn't previously noticed. In wonder, he looked at his companions. It was as if the darkness held no secrets any more. He could make out every wrinkle in Tear's cloak, practically count the strands of hair that had escaped her cowl.

"Better?" Arach asked, shifting the weight of her pack. They had left their horses outside and had distributed their supplies between themselves.

"Yeah, surprisingly so," Leo nodded, blinking. "It's a little strange, seeing only in black and white, but the clarity is amazing."

"Glad you like it," she smiled, ducking into the passage. Her cloak rustled softly then she was out of sight. 

"Now you, I'll bring up the rear," Tear said, patting Leo's armoured behind. Leo folded almost double and wedged himself into the passage, the pauldrons of his armour scraping along the rough rocks. He winced.

"Try going a little sideways. Have one shoulder lead," Tear instructed. Even then, almost every step produced a screech, a ring or a rattle.

"Now I understand why you don't bother with plate armour," Leo huffed. They had only walked a few dozen meters and he was already starting to pant from the unusual exertion.

"Oh, our soldiers have plate armours but they're not as bulky as yours," Tear whispered, her voice carrying surprisingly well despite its softness. "Also, they're mostly used in open battles, like when one House tries to wipe out another. Why is yours this massive anyway?" 

Another clear ring echoed through the passage. "Well, it was meant to intimidate the sinners," Leo winced. 

"Now it's just announcing our arrival to anything within twenty miles," Arach hissed in annoyance.

"Can't be helped now. Stripping him here would solve nothing, plus we would have to lug around all that metal on top of our other gear," Tear mused.

"Oh, I wouldn't mind stripping our good paladin," Arach teased, effortlessly weaving between stone bumps and stalagmites. The longer Leo watched her, the more impressed he became. For Arach, and Tear he presumed, this was natural. They didn't even seem to concentrate on how they moved, their bodies weaved and leaned almost subconsciously, their arms easily helping with their balance while they constantly shifted their stance, evading the hazards posed by the irregularly formed walls and ceilings. And, despite being armoured with chain shirts, loaded down with a bulging equipment pack and their own weapons, they made barely a sound. 

Eventually, the passage opened up a bit, allowing even Leo a few dozen meters without banging his armour into anything. Arach was kneeling on the floor, inspecting some rocks.

"What is it, dear?" Tear asked from behind Leo.

"Looks like this area is well-travelled. Huh, they even dropped some coins here," Arach explained, holding up a bent copper piece.

"Maybe we'll meet some of these travellers. Perhaps they have noticed something odd around these parts," Leo guessed.

"Or maybe they will try to kill us and take our stuff," Arach chuckled while rising, brushing dirt off her knees. "It's not like on the Surface down here. Here, the weapons speak first and then, maybe, pleasantries are exchanged." She smiled grimly and started down the passage again. 

"Sounds like a nice place you've dragged me into," Leo snickered.

"It's just because we dark elves have such a flattering reputation," Tear sighed behind him. "Most peoples down here regard us as hereditary enemies, not worth the breath it would take to talk to us."

"Why is that?" Leo asked, trying to disentangle his cloak from a strangely bent stalagmite. Tear caught up with him and, with a quick hand, freed the garment.

"Most civilizations have something they can trade with which others might need. Not ours. We are conquerors, Leo. Our race can only take, preferably by force. Sure, now that we have established a dominion, we can sell off our ill-gotten goods but whatever it is we possess, it belonged to someone else at one point or another. Land, resources, slaves. Most other folks, especially those longer-lived than yours, hate us with a passion."

Leo mulled this over while they descended further. He tried to emulate the way his companions walked but, even with his best efforts, he was even taller than Tear and wider in the shoulders too and many a move he made was still accompanied by a painful screech or crack. Eventually, after a small eternity, Arach stopped and held her hand up, leaning against the wall next to another fissure.

"What?" Tear hissed from behind, even her patience tested by the slow, noisy progress.

"I think there's someone down there," Arach whispered, pointing into the opening. "Want me to scout it out?" she grinned, hand on the hilt of her sword.

"Best not to get split up, love," Tear cautioned. "You think we can get our stalwart companion through here?"

"I think even a drunk Minotaur would fit, provided he'd tuck in his horns," Arach giggled and ducked into the crack. A moment later her head popped back out, "Just be mindful of the drop, it's at least twenty feet," 

"Fine, let's do it then," Leo snarled, ducking into the fissure. The moulded lion's head on his chest piece screamed against the rocks and suddenly his foot stepped into empty air. Cursing under his breath, he wedged his shoulders into the cleft, digging for purchase. A moment later, Tear's hand was there, steadying him.

"Whoa, slow down, handsome. It wouldn't do to have to scrape you off the floor of that cavern," Tear smiled, breathing a quick kiss onto his lips before pulling Leo into a stable standing position again.

"Arach?" Tear whispered past Leo's breastplate. Silence answered her.

"Let's get you down there, quick. Hold onto me," Tear urged, wrapping her arms around Leo's neck." Oh, and brace yourself," she added, a vicious grin on her lips. Leo tentatively hugged her close. Then Tear stepped out into nothingness, pulling the surprised paladin with her. They fell but something cushioned their descent. Instead of shattering their legs, they landed as if from a fall half its height. Tear spun away from Leo, her blade sparking into life as she shook out her wrist. Leo followed suit, unhooking his hammer, slowly turning around. The clatter of weapons answered them. Leo stared into at least a dozen menacing crossbow bolt points and even more menacing, bearded faces peering at them from under cowls and helmets. Arach, gagged, was held off to the side by two more armoured, squat forms.

"I think ye should reconsider," a gravelly voice greeted them. The ring of crossbows parted and another dwarf stepped into the circle. He wore a sleek, black fur coat over a fine chain shirt, his silver hair was pulled back into a dozen slender braids, each one held in place by a metal ring. His beard was trimmed close to his jawline and his smile showed a hint of gold. Casually, he hefted an ornate axe.

"We are followers of the Moon Maiden. We mean you no harm," Tear said, dismissing her sword and spreading her arms in a placating gesture. 

"Ye're awfully far away from home, elf," the dwarf said, thoughtfully stroking his beard. "Now, what am I supposed ta do with ye and yer little friend here?"

"Listen, good sir. We have no quarrel with you or your kind. Just let us be on our way," Tear reasoned.

"There is no reason for hostilities," Leo boomed. As if for the first time, the eyes of the dwarf flashed over to him. They were steel-grey and held no hint of humor.

"There's always reason for hostilities, boyo," the dwarf rumbled. "That's why I'm such a happy businessman. Yer kind is practic'ly droolin' over the weapons me and me kin are providin'. And I don't take too kindly to dark elves sneakin' up on me," he growled, fixing Arach with a long, hard stare.

"Why don't we start all over again?" Leo asked, plonking down his hammer in front of him. "My name is Leo, Fist of Justice, Hero of Storm Harbour, and these fine ladies here are Tear and Arach, my travelling companions. We are on business for the Storm Lords."

The fur-clad dwarf stroked his beard some more. "Hero of Storm Harbour, eh? For a 'hero,' you're an awfully clumsy spelunker, anyone told you that yet? Me boys could hear ye from miles away," he smirked. "But I like the business part. You think there'd be some in it for us as well?"

Tear leaned against Leo, her lips on his ear. "Be careful. For all we know, they could be the dragon's henchmen," she whispered. Leo nodded, acknowledging her advice.

"That depends. You didn't come across a dragon or his henchmen down here, did you?" Leo asked, invoking his intention-seeking magic in the process.

"A dragon, you say? Well, if we had known that a blasted dragon would be roostin' here, we would just have killed it and taken its shinies," the dwarf chuckled. "What we did find were some strange fellas though, trying to be all secretive, huntin' for food. But even a blind goblin would've noticed they were surface dwellers away from home. Now things're startin' ta make sense."

"If you would hand us our companion back, we'd be happy to be on our way, then. We have business with these fellows," Leo said. His long, hard look at the dwarves had confirmed his suspicions. They were a ruthless bunch but not evil. He hoped they could reach an agreement without the use of force. 

"Oho, after we've been this friendly, ye are itchin' to get away? Our hospitality not good 'nough for ya, boyo?" the dwarf snarled.

"I don't consider holding my friend hostage an act of friendliness," Tear hissed. 

"Oh, but it is. We could have snuffed her as easily," the dwarf sneered, meaningfully tapping his axe-head against his thigh. "But ye're right o' course," he nodded, turning to his companions. He barked a quick string of words in the gnarly language of his kin and Arach stepped over to Leo and Tear, spitting out the gag.

"Took you long enough," she hissed, cuddling against Tear.

"What happened?" Tear asked, caressing Arach's hair.

"Dropped down, right in front of their axes. They had camouflaged themselves damn well," Arach complained.

"Ye can't be too careful around these parts. 'Tis dark elf country," the dwarf said then he snapped his fingers. "About this dragon of yers..."

"Are you offering your services?" Arach spat.

"Yeah, why not?" the dwarf grinned. "If there's loot involved, we're all for it. Plus, we're carrying a nice bit of kit around. Maybe there's somethin' ye'd like? Oh, wait, were are me manners. I'm Calgore dok'Calgore, trader and mercenary cap'n." He extended a heavily jewelled hand. Leo shook it. "Nice to meet you." 

Around them, the dwarves were settling down, putting down backpacks and cloaks, unrolling bales of wares. Within minutes, the floor of the cave resembled nothing more than a miniature market, with a merry bonfire lighting up the surprisingly spacious cavern which even held a small spring.

"We should settle down for the night as well," Tear suggested, dropping her own pack.

"Yeah, the more, the merrier," Calgore leered, openly eyeing both dark elven women. "I'm sure me boys will have the odd bit and piece ye ladies might enjoy," he added, indicating the dwarves surrounding them. "And you, good sir, could do with a new suit o' armour, by the way."

Leo looked down. His once magnificent armour was dented, pocked and scratched in numerous places, the formerly snarling lion's head now bearing a rather lop-sided grin. 

"You're carrying a whole plate suit with you?" he asked, incredulously.

"Of course. And not just any old pile o' junk!" Calgore smiled, pulling Leo along. They ended up in front of a whistling red-bearded dwarf, placing expensive-looking bracers and belts onto his cloak. 

"Come on, nephew, show him what ya got," Calgore urged the dwarf. He stood and placed one broad, plated belt around his ample hips. The belt buckle looked like a horned helmet and closed with a satisfying click. Then he intoned a word under his breath, and with a mighty rattle and clanging, armour plates sprouted from the belt, covering his torso, arms and legs in a shimmering cascade of metal before enveloping his head in a massive, horned helmet. Leo whistled appreciatively. 

"That's one handy trick," he conceded, "but I'm a little short on coin right now."

"Ah, but that's the beauty of it. You'll give us your old suit and can have one of these," Calgore said.

"I don't know. This is a masterwork armour," Leo said, patting his breastplate, "but I don't think it's even close in value to what you're offering me. I couldn't-"

"Oh, but I do insist," Calgore boomed, slamming his hand into Leo's back, setting his armour a-rattle. "Even if we can't sell this armour, we can melt it down and use the material instead. Come on, you won't regret it!"

Leo weighed his options. He liked his old suit of armour, the familiar weight and bulk gave him security. But if today was any indication, things would only get more cramped and who knew what dangers awaited them further in, closer to the dragon's hoard. And there was no denying the impracticality of a full plate - it took him almost five minutes to get into that thing, even with Arach and Tear helping him set every strap, fixing every buckle. Nodding to himself, Leo turned towards Calgore.

"I think you've just got yourself a deal," Leo agreed.

***

Half an hour later, they had settled in. Tear and Arach insisted on erecting the tent while Leo tried on his new folding armour. It was lighter than his old one but he quickly began to appreciate the added mobility. It took only a moment to assemble so he could move unencumbered while not in danger yet still be prepared for a fight.

Calgore trotted over to them, a satisfied smile on his bearded face.

"Come, join us for feast and drink. And then we'll need to negotiate the terms," he rumbled.

"Terms?" Leo asked. 

"Yes. I was under the impression you would like to hire some or all of me boys for the assault on the dragon," Calgore grinned. "No hire without a proper contract."

"Fine, we'll humor you, " Tear said, exiting the tent. She wore one of her silvery robes, her hair pouring down to her waist in a loose braid. "Coming, Arach?"

"Yeah, right away," the younger dark elf called, joining them. 

"If I didn't know better, I'd think you'd be trying to flatter me," Calgore huffed, almost drooling over the women.

"With so many strong, heavily armed men around us, surely we're allowed a little decadence, right?" Tear teased, dancing towards the bonfire.

Leo, Arach and Calgore followed her, the dwarf speculatively eyeing her swaying behind.

Sitting down around the bonfire, Calgore ordered some of his 'boys' to fetch food and drink.

"How many of them are your relatives?" Arach asked once they were alone.

"All o' them. I'm their clan patriarch and they're me family and me employees. I only trust family with me shinies," Calgore chuckled. "Now, the terms. How much are ye willing ta pay?"

"For what exactly?" Tear asked, warily

"Oh, for the last known locations of the henchmen, for starters," Calgore offered, displaying his gold teeth.

"You'll need to understand that we're not carrying that much in coin with us," Tear began.

"I already know," Calgore nodded, eagerly rubbing his hands. "It's about the hoard, o' course. Half of it sounds like a good basis for negotiations."
