 The hardest part about suddenly having multiple extra appendages is learning how to keep them under control. That was my biggest challenge after the queen entered my life. Well that, and keeping her from letting the tentacles loose on every single man that I happened to walk past while at work. It's not easy keeping her under control sometimes, but when she gets antsy I just think about being strapped down in some white-walled lab strapped to a metal table where we're being experimented on. That's usually enough to shut her up. 

Thankfully with my job being behind closed doors while I clean, it makes it easier to try and practice with my new limbs. It'll take me a bit to get the hang of it properly and do things like fine motor skills, but for the most part I get how to control them. All I have to do is visualize what I want to do, and they'll do it. This is admittedly easier said than done, but hey, it's a start. I started off with making the beds, which is much easier when you have extra reach and limbs. After that I tried doing surface cleaning, which ended up being more of a hassle than a help. That one'll have to wait until I have better control.

I'm glad that it's a slower week for business right now. Normally we get a decent amount of visitors since we're near several larger towns with major businesses, but I guess they're all having a down week or something. It's rare, but it does happen. One thing I've noticed since I came back to work is that I can smell things on people that I couldn't before. I noticed it on a few people but wasn't sure what it was. The queen flashed images of decay and rot, but it wasn't until I saw that one of them was suffering from a cold that I put 2 and 2 together. I could smell sickness. The stronger it was, the more potent the sickness, or so I guessed. 

That was actually a good thing to discover, because it meant that I could easily avoid anyone with STDs and such, and didn't have to worry so much about protection. This discovery, while useful, made me wonder what other abilities I might've gotten from the queen. I wanted to test the waters a little, but I would need someone who I could trust completely. Even then, I had no idea what I was capable of anymore. That being said, the queen wasn't entirely useless when it came to information. She did provide me with one very critical piece of information about my new self.

After giving me a mental image of my wrist, I looked down and a small little needle poked out from just below my palm. As I looked I got another image, one of me stinging someone and then a memory of a friend who was wildly drunk following it. She then showed me stinging them again and then another memory of that same friend from the next day when we were telling her what she had done the night before. I started to get the idea, but I wanted to be absolutely sure before I tried anything.

"So one sting will make them lose themselves, and another will make them forget everything?" I asked myself quietly. The mental image of the queen popped up and gave a firm nod, letting me know I was correct. That made things significantly easier. I could technically practice using anyone I wanted to, assuming I could get them into a favorable place for me first. A sudden mental image of the queen shaking her head at me and then gesturing all around made me feel like an idiot. I work in a hotel. There are plenty of rooms to choose from. I just needed to find one that was either empty or only occupied by one person and I was set.

Armed with that information, I began to get antsy again, only this time it wasn't the queen. I really wanted to test out this newfound info and play around with someone so I could discover what else I could do, but I didn't want to start right off with a guest. I wasn't sure where to start first, but it needed to be smaller scale so I could ensure no slip-ups on my part. That's when I remembered Amy, our new maid. She was freshly hired and would likely do whatever I asked her, so long as it wasn't too pushy. Plus I'm pretty sure she prefers clams to sausages given her actions since she got taken on. Either that or she is just a natural flirt with everyone.

Let me give you the rundown on Amy. She's about 5'7", dirty blonde hair, skinny, and has these adorably perky little B cups. She's probably in her early twenties, but I'm not sure. I know she's legal though because you have to be at least 18 to get hired here. She's also not one bit concerned about showing skin. Found that out when I walked in on her changing the other day in the employee lockers. If I'd had the queen then, I probably would've lost it and taken her on the spot.

I go check the roster to see where she is working today and find that she's on the third floor, and should be relatively close to done. Having already finished a bit early myself, I decide to go help her finish, and then see about having a little playtime after that. I get to the third floor and see Amy's cart near the end of the hall, so I can tell that she's likely on the last few rooms. I make my way down and see her come out of the next to last room on the right. She sees me and waves, a big smile coming over her face. I smile back as she starts to grab a few things off the cart.

"Almost done?" I ask her.

"Yeah, just need to do the last room there and I'll be finished" she says cheerily.

"Would you like a hand?" I offer. "It gets the job done that much faster."

She smiles sweetly and nods her head, and I grab a few other things to help with the cleaning. I already have a plan to sting her. Now it's just a matter of being careful until game time. Or so I thought, because not even ten seconds later, Amy trips over one of the towels she has in her arms that is dragging the floor. She stumbles and falls face first on the bed, cleaning supplies going everywhere. She rolls over, looking horrified before I offer her a hand up. She reaches out and grabs my wrist, and gets jabbed by the stinger. She jerks her hand back, not knowing what just got her, but she doesn't see any blood so she ignores it. I wonder just how long it takes for the effect to kick in when I get my answer almost immediately as Amy falls back onto the bed, her eyelids drooping in a stupor.

"Wh-what's happening?" she asks, slurring her words. "I feel sooooo dizzy."

"You're okay, you just lost your balance and fell" I say while trying to hide my delight. I sit down next to her on the bed and cup her cheek with my hand, turning it to face me.

"Here, let me make it all better" I say as I lean down towards her. As I'm moving in close, she starts to open her mouth in anticipation, and I'm not sure if it's the stuff I stung her with or if it's her own desires, but she looks ready to have some fun. As our lips connect and our tongues meet, I start to feel the queen get excited. I get an image of Amy kneeling down in front of me, and realize she sees her as my servant. I think on this for a moment before pushing it away and getting back to my task at hand, which surprised me when I found Amy massaging her breast with my hand. She was getting into it, and didn't care one bit about anything else given the glazed look in her eyes.

Our work outfits aren't anything special, just a polo shirt and slacks, so getting them off is cake. As I stripped off Amy's clothes, I made sure to use all my tricks to make her enjoy herself. A little nibbling here, a lick and some tongue there, and next thing I know she's hitting her first orgasm. As she pants from her experience, I quickly strip myself, wondering what I should do next. I decide to start out simple and just have a little quickie, so I envision my clit penis from before, and next thing you know I'm packing. I pull Amy over to the side of the bed and slide her off gently to the floor, and when she looks up she only sees my engorged dick.

"You know what to do with this, don't you Amy?" I ask her.

"Yes" she says while panting slightly.

"Then go ahead and do what you need to do."

Fun fact: Jerking yourself off is nowhere even close to the intensity of being given a blowjob. 

Not.

Even. 

Close. 

I learned that firsthand today, because within thirty seconds I was about to blow my load in Amy's mouth. To be fair, Amy knows how to eat a sausage just right. I now doubt that she's only into women, and more than likely she likes both. Dunno. Either way, holy shit. As I hit the point of no return, I get a handful of Amy's hair and practically shove my throbbing dick down her throat as I cum hard. As I finish, I pull it out with a resounding 'pop', and Amy swallows deep before taking several deep breaths. I quickly go limp and my tentacle dick retreats back inside, waiting for me to beckon it back out again.

I look down at Amy, who is panting but clearly enjoying the afterglow of sex.

"So Amy, how was it?" I ask.

"It was excellent, my queen."

I paused, thinking I had misheard her. 

"What did you call me?"

"My queen."

I got a mental image of a very smug queen giving me a slight curtsy. Somehow I had made Amy into a servant, and honestly, I was okay with that.

"Amy, never speak of this with anyone, and don't treat me any different from how you did before I became your queen, got it? Only call me that when we're alone ok?"

"Yes, my queen."

Score!