 It's been a week since my wonderful little quickie with Amy, and I've been getting better at controlling my new appendages. Whereas before I had a ton of difficulty doing finer motor skills, I'm now starting to get better at it. I can now wipe down surfaces with a rag efficiently enough that it's passable while making the bed at the same time. Consequently, I now finish the rooms a few minutes faster, which gives me more time to practice other things. Like discovering all my tentacles. All fourteen of them.

It wasn't the final tally that was interesting, but where a few of them were located surprised me so much that I almost screamed in shock. For the record, I have ten on my back. Those ones are the strongest. They're made for grabbing things, and they're pretty beefy overall. If I brace myself with a six of them, then I can lift things I normally couldn't with the other four as easily as lifting my arm. Those ones aren't all that impressive really, but the other four most definitely are.

The first on I already knew about: my clit penis one. By far that one was my favorite, and understandably so. The next two I discovered are a set, much like how all my back ones are the same in shape and size. The only difference? They're in my tits. Ok, not really the only difference, but imagine my shock when tentacles shot out of my nipples like demonic Twizzlers. They're thinner than my back ones, and very sensitive apparently, because I could feel the slightest temperate differences with them down to a degree, or at least that's what it seemed like. And my last one? Yeah, it's in my tongue. Oh I'm gonna have some real fun with that one, I just know it.

So there you have it! Ten on (in?) my back, one in my clit, one in each tit, one in my tongue, and all of them ready to be used. My next question was on who? As much as I wanted to have another go at Amy, I also wanted to test a few other things out on someone who wasn't already willing to let me fuck them silly. Fortunately for me, there are plenty of people to choose from in the hotel this week, so my options are pretty varied. I relied heavily on my new enhanced sense of smell, steering clear of the ones that smelled like STD central and instead looking for one that smelled like...chocolate?

The scent caught my attention immediately, and I looked around quickly to find the source. There she was, walking out of the elevator foyer and down the hall. I could smell where she was almost perfectly, and she was headed this way. Since the room I happened to be cleaning wasn't occupied, I knew if I wanted to play with her, this would be the perfect place. How to get her in here with me though was the question. The queen popped up and made a handshake gesture with herself, then a quick thumbs up after. Ok, simple enough.

I went over to the door, hoping that she was going to walk past. Her stride didn't seem to be slowing, and just as she got close enough I opened the door and quickly walked out and right into her, falling down in the process. I landed on my ass, uninjured thankfully, and then took a good look at the walking chocolate bar. I had been wondering if maybe the smell meant anything about her specifically, but it turns out that she was literally eating chocolate. As much of a bummer as that kinda ended up being, I was certainly not disappointed in what I saw.

Standing in front of me was a massively tall tanned goddess of a woman with tits that made mountains look dwarfed in comparison. She had to have been at least a double G. She wasn't thin, but she also wasn't fat either. Her white top was loose, but I could tell that she clearly wasn't wearing a bra, and her black leggings had no hint of a panty line. Just from looking at her I could tell she was toned all over, and that excited me a bit. She would be fun to play with. 

"I'm sorry, I was in a rush and didn't look when I walked out."

I smiled up at the woman sheepishly, and she just looked back at me blank faced. It got awkward as she just stared and didn't say anything back.

"Yeah, so...could you gimme a hand up?"

I held out my hand for her to help me up, and she just looked at it, and then just looked back at me.

"I could, but why should I? After all, you're just the help."

Excuse me? Bitch, did you just insult me after I apologized? I know I did it on purpose, but damn was I not expecting to literally run into a frigid bitch like this. While I was intending to be pretty gentle while testing things out with her, now I just wanted to hatefuck her. Put her in her place while making her beg for my tentacles. I could, and I was going to. I got myself up off the floor while she stood there and just stared at me in a blank but clearly condescending manner, and my plan to sting her changed to get her into the room and then improvise. With that plan now in place, I made the first move.

I smiled, held up the hand I had held out to her, and promptly smacked her. For a moment, it didn't register, but then it did, and she launched herself at me. She didn't scream or anything, for which I was grateful, but she did go for my hair, which was dirty. I carefully led her back into the room, letting her think I was just trying to get away. It was working and she was breathing heavily as she fumed at me. Once I heard the door latch shut though, things changed to my favor.

Out went my tongue and around her right ankle, yanking her foot out from under her and sending her backwards. She had let go of my hair thankfully, so I didn't fall with her. I willed my back tentacles into action, three to brace me, one for each limb, one for her middle, and another around her mouth to muffle any noise she tried to make. When I straightened up, the look on her face told me that she knew she had fucked up, and that she had no idea what was actually going on. So, I decided to tease her before I began to experiment, and I knew just the way to do it.

I used my remaining four back tentacles to remove my uniform, swapping tentacles carefully and quickly to get my shirt off without ripping it to shreds. After that I removed my bra and panties by hand, and left her clothed. 

For now.

I moved her closer so that her face was almost touching mine, and I whispered to her as calmly as I could, because I knew she was about to lose it and only needed one more tiny push.

"When I'm done with you, you'll be begging me to fuck you with these for the rest of your life."

I was using two of the remaining tentacles to rub my nipples in tiny circles, making them hard, and the other two were slowly rubbing up and down the inside of her legs. I grabbed her chin with my hand and licked the nape of her neck ever so gently, and I heard a muffled moan. I wasn't sure if it had been her pitying herself, or maybe she secretly was enjoying this, but either way I wanted to learn a few things before I got carried away with fucking her.

Firstly, I wanted her to realize that I was in control, which I had done. Secondly, I wanted to test a few things. Thirdly, I wanted to fuck her silly before sending her on her way. For this to work though, I needed her to be compliant, so after a quick sting, she was a bit more cooperative. She was panting slightly heavy when I pulled the tentacle gagging her away.

"Who are you, and are you here alone?"

"Sophia Greengate, and yes" she replied groggily.

"Good. How long will you be here and what room?"

"Two weeks, and room 604." 

Excellent. A private testing room, a new test subject, and two weeks of all you can eat clams. Yummy.

"Good girl. Now I'm going to give you a treat for answering my questions."

She looked at me, her head lolling slightly, and her tongue hanging out. She looked horny. Not the usual kind either. Like, if I hadn't been restraining her, I'm pretty sure she would've used my face as her personal throne. That thought gave me a wicked idea, too.

I grabbed her leggings at the waist and pulled them down, shucking them all the way to her ankles, where my tentacles still held her. I moved her up and more horizontal, pushing her feet towards her ass and making her legs bow outward. As they did, I brought her surprisingly soaked pussy to my face, where I was licking my lips as I prepared to go pearl diving on my new temporary plaything.

I started off with just regular tongue-work, which seemed to get her all kinds of worked up. Her poor nub was hard as a rock and sensitive as all get out. But that wasn't what I was interested in trying out. As I opened my mouth and put it against her cunt, I waggled my tongue all over her before pushing it inside her. What she wasn't expecting was for it to keep on going deeper, and deeper, until my tongue tentacle was as deep inside her as a decent sized dick would be. I had full control over my tongue, and she learned that real quick.

The tongue fucking I gave her was intense for both of us. I had been right when I assumed that my tongue tentacle being stimulated would also get me off, but it was admittedly rather weird. As I felt my orgasm nearing, my tongue tentacle thickened and my head bobbed as I fucked her roughly, but all she could do was moan in bliss. Now as weird as the feeling was in the beginning, it wasn't as weird as my orgasm. The feeling of hot cum going through your tongue and into her twitching pussy, where you could then taste it along with her own juices, was by far the weirdest thing I'd ever experienced up to that point.

All the same though, I loved it. As I pulled my tongue out and it made a loud pop, I just barely heard her say something. And when I heard it, all I could do was smile as I got ready for round two.

"Please, give me more! Fuck me more!"

"With pleasure. After all, you're my help now."