 Sorry for the overly long delay on this one. I had NO idea how I wanted to continue this one, so it ended up falling by the wayside. I've changed up the style a bit as well, so it's going to read a little different than the first 3 chapters. Keep your eyes peeled though, because I'll be uploading more of this story in the future now that I have a better idea on how to continue the story.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ok, so update on things I can apparently do since the queen took up residence. First up, my saliva. After playing with Amy some more and a few fun nights with Sophia, I learned that the tiniest bit getting absorbed into anyone's skin makes them horny. A tiny little peck on the cheek after licking my lips made Sophia wet almost instantly, and a lick from Amy's shirt collar up to her ear induced a rather loud and startling orgasm that made her collapse to the floor. 

Now that I think about it, if I ever need to get out of a situation without revealing my "hands", I can just lick my way out of it. ...ok, that sounds way kinkier than it should, but whatever. I can only imagine how a guy would react to one of my licks. Instant boner plus an orgasm almost a second later and he'd probably pass out from the sudden rush of blood to his dick alone. Anyhow, moving on.

Next is my semen. God that still sounds weird when I think about it. Apparently when it gets on your skin it has a similar effect to me licking someone, but much more powerful. I came on Sophia's face during our first actual session after I made her my little bitch and she fell back on the bed and started to squirt. A lot. Cleaning it up was a pain in the dick (hey, I can actually say that and it be accurate now!). 

Now on the other hand, if it gets inside your body, it does something entirely different, and it now explains a few things. If it gets absorbed inside the body, it makes you infatuated with me. It's not love, but it's not really "mind control" either. I can't make anyone that I've given a little cream filling to do something that they don't want to do, but if I ask them to do stuff, they are a bit more susceptible to what I say than they would be to others.

So the current tally of what I can do stands at 4 extras in addition to my tentacles. I have the little stingers near my wrists that can induce a drunken state in anyone they sting, and a second one will give them amnesia, but only for the last few hours or so. Found that out with Sophia during one of our other fun times. I can smell sickness and disease, though I'm not sure to what extent that can go up to. I can make people I lick horny, and the more spit they get, the hornier they become. Lastly, my cum makes you VERY horny if it gets on your skin, and if it gets inside your body, it makes you fall for me a little.

I'm a walking sex machine, but oddly enough, I don't mind it. Yeah my libido has gone up a bit because her highness the queen wants me to jump random men in public every other minute, but I just channel that into whichever lady I end up with next, much to her annoyance. Eventually she'll learn, but I just hope she doesn't try and pull something if I wind up alone with a guy somehow. 

So with that all figured out, I have some ideas for things I can do to have fun but not get caught. First up, being careful at work, but I will need to get in good with the booking staff so I can scope out potential new playmates without having to be a creeper about it. There's at least one chick I can get with that doesn't make me gag, and it's not because of my new sense of smell. Her personality is just awful, and no one likes her. Not even going near that one unless I'm legit desperate.

Aside from checking the booking, I can go hit up a few of the bars and can always attribute any amnesia to too much booze. Actually, I'm not sure how my new sense takes to alcohol. Haven't been around any since the queen and I got acquainted. Need to figure that out before trolling the bars looking for pussy to pounce. So then, looks like for now it's booked rooms and trysts in the hotel. Which means I'm about to get all up in someone's personal spaces with my 14 piece combo deluxe.

So let me tell you about my next partner, who was admittedly way more willing than the first 2. Her name's Christine, and she's about 30, 5'7", and has the cutest little A cups I've ever seen. Seriously, the first time I saw her in the changing room I thought she was a guy until I saw the thong she was wearing. She's not shy about sex from what I know and have heard from the other staff, but she hasn't hooked up with any of them, at least that we know of. Guests on the other hand...

*AHEM* Moving on, I know she's working today, and I know from the rooms Amy and I have cleaned that we're pretty empty right now, which makes this the perfect time to try and get a little nookie with her cookie in any number of empty rooms. Just need to get her away from the desk first, which is the hardest part. 

Company policy requires someone up front at all times in case a guest needs something or someone calls in and needs help with booking. Thankfully there are 2 people working the desk today. The problem is the other person: Bridgette, the nasty bitch I'd not fuck even if given the option of her or about 30 guys with no condoms and permission to cum inside. The queen apparently likes that thought, because she popped up and very adamantly is nodding her head at the thought of getting plowed and pregnant by a group of 30 men. Eww, gross.

Thankfully, I know a way to get Christine to leave the desk and leave Bridgette the bitch behind: a plumbing issue. She used to be a maid before getting promoted to the desk, and Bridgette was always raving about her expensive ass nails, so manual labor was always met with a staunch 'NO' from her, which left only Christine to help. And since it has been an admittedly slow week, she hasn't had any new guests to hit on and sleep with, so she should be extra willing to give out a little. I hope.

"Hey Chris, one of the bathrooms on 2 needs a little TLC and I can't find Amy. Could you give me a hand really quick?" I ask as I poke my head around the corner from the employee area.

She looks over at me, glances back at Bridgette, who is busy applying something foul smelling to her nails, and just sighs as she gets up and heads my way.

"As much as I appreciate the freedom, does it have to be because of a bathroom?" Christine asked as we got in the elevator down the hall.

"It's not like the toilet is clogged with shit overflowing onto the floor. Just isn't flushing right is all, and I know you're decent at fixing things. I just need you to show me what to do so I can do it next time...unless you WANT me to call you off the desk the next time you're up there with her."

Christine shook her head at the thought of working with Bridgette.

"I don't know how she's not lost her job yet. I'm almost convinced she gives the guys handjobs so they'll do things for her, and I wouldn't be surprised one bit if she let's Randy bend her over his desk every time she gets "reprimanded" for something" she fumed.

Randy is the hotel manager, and he's not really a bad guy, but he did more thinking with his head when Bridgette wasn't around. Now though he thinks with his 'head' more than his head. I just hope to the powers that be that he isn't actually fucking her. I already didn't like her, but here recently she's picked up a nasty new smell. Pretty sure its chlamydia. Don't care enough to tell her. Not like any of the people I want to sleep with are going to get it.

The elevator stops and we get off, and I lead her to one of the rooms that doesn't have any guests nearby that could hear us. I'd already been in here once today, and that's when I sabotaged the toilet so that my ruse isn't an immediate flop. We head in and she pulls the top off the tank to give it a look and spots the problem almost immediately, so she calls me over. As I lean over her to look, I 'accidentally' put my hand on her ass and let it glide across a bit as I get a better look. I can feel her tense up just a tiny bit at my touch, but it's not in anticipation. Likely she thinks it's only an accident, which is what I want.

"See this?" she says as she points to a little screw on the arm that lifts the flap at the bottom. "It's too loose. Last guest probably messed with it before they left. It's an easy fix though."

I leaned over a bit more to get a better look and let my hand drift along her ass a little more. As I watched I noticed her glancing over at my shirt collar, which I had left unbuttoned on purpose so that she could see that I wasn't wearing a bra today. I heard her dry swallow as her hands finished with the adjustments, and she sharply stood up when done.

"Give it a test flush and let's see what happens now."

I push the handle down and we watch as the bowl and tank empty and then refill slowly. We both stand there awkwardly as we wait for it to stop filling so we can see if Christine set it too high up. It finally does stop, and Christine smiles briefly.

"Well that was easy. Now then, do you just want to talk or is there something a bit more physical you had in mind when you felt up my ass during that?"

"Was it that obvious?" I ask with an obviously fake attempt at shyness.

"Nat, the entire staff knows you're always looking to start a fire while grinding with your latest fling. It's just that none of us has ever been approached by you before so we figured you didn't want to go the distance with a coworker."

"I guess that's a fair assumption. I normally don't just because of workplace drama and all that, and God help us all if Bridgette found out about the things we do at work behind closed doors."

Christine laughed a little at that, which was good. Need her to be a bit more open to committing to the here and now with me, and I had a plan to make her compliant without revealing my secret weapons.

"So how about a quickie then? It's been a long week for both of us and it would make the day a little better. Keeps you away from the bitch a little bit longer too."

"I'm not normally with women Nat, so I'm not quite as good at giving back to people without a dick."

Oh you have NO idea how wrong you are about me not having a dick! "Fair enough. How about this then: I'll deal with my own needs, and you let me eat you out like no man has or ever will? You can make it up to me later."

"Hmm?" Christine muses as she raises an eyebrow. "Why the sudden giving mood? Am I your type and you've just been hiding it?"

"Nah, just know that by this time on any other week you'd have sampled about 3 or so different sausages from among our guests, but since it's been really slow, you're lacking in protein intake."

"I guess my goings on are something of an open secret I take it?" she chuckled.

"Not as open as your legs are gonna be in a minute. All I need is a 'yes' from you."

Christine looked at me and thought about it for a moment, then smirked and started to unbutton her pants. My plan was on track to success, and I was about to give Christine the best orgasm she's never had. She shucked her pants down and leaned back against the countertop, her bright red thong peeking at me from the peak of her crossed legs.

"Should I take those off too, or would you like to do the honors?" she asked as she ran a finger along the band on her hip.

"Uncross those legs and just let the master do her thing" I joked back as I got down on my knees.

The queen sent me a questioning image of using tentacles on her, but I gave her a mental head shake back. Just let me show you how us humans do things for a change from a front row seat.

I scooted a little closer and tugged her thong down to her ankles, and after getting one of them free she planted her ass on the counter. I spread her legs open wide and she braced herself with her arms as she waited for me to get a taste. This was the moment of truth. I knew my saliva was going to giver her a boost, but I didn't want it to be too much too fast, so I licked my fingertip and ran it along the top of her folds. It wasn't much, but it was enough to get her started. 

I did some of my best fingerwork on her, licking my fingers on occasion to both get a taste and to reapply more saliva to crank her up some more. After I had Christine nice and wet and panting slightly, I applied my lips to her other lips, and with a few licks and some well-placed tongue I had her moaning just like I would any other woman without the aid of the queen's little upgrade. I knew exactly what I was doing, and Christine was loving it more every second.

As I got Christine getting more into it, I pulled her a little closer to the edge and wrapped my arms under her legs and grabbed her waist, which let me rock her hips back and forth just the way I knew she would like it, and I let my tongue give her the tiniest bit of penetration, which combined with my spit was sending her into a daze. Only her right arm was supporting her as she began to viciously grope her own breasts while I drove her closer and closer to orgasm.

I knew she was about to hit her climax soon, so I decided to give her the best one I possibly could without using my tentacles. I rocked her harder and harder, pushing her to that cliff of pleasure so that I could Sparta kick her right over it, and right as she was about to cum, I pulled out my tongue, quickly worked up a good amount of saliva, and licked her pussy from bottom to top, shaking my head vigorously as I got up to her clit with my tongue.

Both of her hands immediately found my head and grazed my scalp as Christine grabbed handfuls of my hair and pulled my face into her crotch, her legs jerking up and wrapping around the back of my skull as she tried to suffocate me with her orgasm. Speaking of that, I had been right to pick a more secluded room, because when she came, she came HARD. Her orgasm was loud enough that I thought for a minute she was going to shatter the mirror with her cries. When she did finally start to come down, she was panting like she had just run 5 marathons nonstop, and I was worried she was going to pass out for a moment.

After grabbing a towel to wipe down my face, I flipped on the shower and rinsed it before handing it to her. She graciously took it and began to slowly and gingerly wipe off her lady bits. I'm guessing the slowness was half sensitivity and half exhaustion.

"Fucking hell, woman" Christine managed to gasp out as she finished cleaning herself off. "You could make any woman give up dick cold turkey with oral like that."

"Glad you liked it. Maybe we could do that again when it gets slow?"

"Absolutely. I'll make sure to have some toys smuggled away for the next time you need me to help you 'fix the plumbing', ok?"

I giggled a little at the appropriateness of the pun, and nodded my head.

"Sure thing. I have a few toys that I think you would LOVE to play with, too.