 Gods and Goddesses of past times still walk the land. These are the stories of the lesser know goddesses. This is but one tale, there are sure to be more. 

She walks down the street looking for her next conquest. She attracts quite a few look as she goes by. She is beautiful and she knows it. Tall with waist length red hair; she is muscular but still very feminine. She wears a green tub top and a tartan skirt to honor the old country. She was Irish once but moved to America long ago. 

She had been known as Medb, but now she goes by Maeve. In the old country she was a war goddess, as well as a sex goddess. But times have changed; wars are no longer fought with honor. These days' wars are fought with guns and bombs, not with swords and axes. You no longer face your enemy and the victors are the ones with the best machines not the best warriors. 

She moved from the old country because it became too hard to find enough men to fulfill her sexual appetite. While her beauty and strength intimidated a lot of men she rarely had trouble getting thirty men a day here in this fertile new world. 

So she walks down the street, her breast jiggling beneath her shirt. She doesn't wear a bra, her 36 D's will never sag; it is one of the perks of being a Goddess. She walks into a bar on the corner of 12th and Broadway and has a seat. She lights a cigarette and waits, a few minutes later a group of college boys come in. There where 6 of them and she hears them talk about her as they walk by. After a few minutes one of them comes up to her. 

"Hello," he says, "my name is Josh." 

"Hi Josh, I'm Maeve." 

They talk for a while and then go back to Josh's table. She flirts with all of them and makes a point of drinking a lot. She was also a Goddess of intoxication. She lets them take her back to one of their apartments. 

She drinks some more and finally she can't take it any more the first move will have to be hers. She turns to the guy on her right, she can't remember his name but it doesn't matter, and unzips his pants. With her other hand she pulls up her skirt to expose her mound. She sticks her hand down the man's pants and begins to fondle him.

The others gather around her and take off her cloths and then there own. She lays down on her back and takes one of their cocks in her mouth and begins to gently suck it. One of the others suckle on her breast while another puts his head between her thighs and laps up her juices. The orgasm rocks through her and the one she was sucking moves down and thrust himself into her. 

She rocks her hips in time with his thrusts and sucks one of the others. She is consumed by another blast and the one in between her legs thrusts harder. He is going to pull out and spread his seed across her thigh; she knows this before it happens, another perk of being a Goddess. She slowly closes her thighs preventing his withdraw. As he explodes she does too, it is a shower of streaking stars for both of them.

The one she was sucking moves down to take the place of the on that is spent and another take his place at her mouth. 

She goes off again as the one that is ramming her changes his stroke. First he goes fast then slows, only to speed up again. She moans and gasps as he hits all of her spots. She spits out the one she is sucking and pushes the one in her, back and begins to ride him. She does this feat without withdrawing him from inside her and without missing a stoke. 

She rides him as she rode her horse in the old day, on her way to battle. She lies almost flat against him and uses her muscular thighs. As he approaches the thresh hold she puts as much of him inside herself as she can and grinds her pelvis against his as thought she wants wear him down to the bone. He releases his seed inside of her and she explodes again. 

The next one is on the sitting on the floor and leaning against the couch. She lowers herself on him, but this time she faces away from him and falls back into his arms. While he drives into her she takes another into her mouth. 

When he is spent she stands on all fours to take the next one. By now the first two are ready again and join the ones who are sucking on her nipples or stroking her. 

On and on it goes and she has countless orgasms; all of them have her at least twice. After the last one empties himself into her he falls back panting. 

She surveys the room and marvels how much like a battlefield it is. There are washed out bodies strewn across the floor, at some point a lap was broken, clothing litters the floor like fallen weapons. The room has a smell, and though it isn't blood, it is a very recognizable smell. Everyone is covered in fluids. And of course there is but one victor, her. 

She walks into the bathroom and cleans herself up. She showers to wash away the smell and brushes her long red hair. She creeps back into the living room and see all of her lovers have passed out from exhaustion. She puts on her clothing and leaves. 

She walks down the street wearing secret little smile, one to rival Mona Lisa's, and little else. She knows that her temporary lovers will never know that they spent the evening with a Goddess, but she also knows that not one of them will ever forget.