 *And another episode is here. Ulric, Iphigenia, and Elzbieta get their share of surprises but I'm not going to spoil them . :-p

It's fun to see how some of you are speculating in the right direction at what'll happen, and how some points had already been addressed in the chapters I'd already written ahead. Keep up the comments and maybe I'll pick up an idea or two to use in the story. After all, there'll be so many girls he won't get to live to a ripe old age. ;-)

*****

13 - Powering Up

The three kept an eye on the way out of orc city from a distance until the two cart convoy appeared, and travelled on the parallel route to it to keep out of sight. When it stopped for rest after some time Elzbieta sneaked closer to have a look while Iphigenia and Ulric made camp and went for a quick hunt. She watched the orc folk tend to the cows pulling the covered carts and set up a fire and table. 'Kaui!?' she said the moment a blonde curled young woman climbed out of the back of one of the carts. She rubbed her eyes to make sure she wasn't mistaken but the orc woman kept glancing around as if looking out for something and she had no doubt anymore.

'Kaui is with the convoy!' she said to the others in her mind.

'Kaui?' said Iphigenia and looked at Ulric. 'Are you sure?'

'Yes.'

'Why would she go on this dangerous trip?' said Ulric.

'We can't ask her unless we can talk to her alone,' said Elzbieta while watching another orc calling Kaui back when she walked away from the carts. 'and it looks like she won't be able to go far from the convoy.'

Ulric frowned. 'Damn! We can't get close either and risk exposing ourselves. We might have to wait for the attack.'

'I'm afraid so.'

'Well, it won't make a difference to our plan so we'll just have to carry on and be patient.' he said and Iphigenia nodded. 'We'll call you when our meal's ready, so will you keep an eye on her until then?'

'I will.' Elzbieta said and continued observing the orcs.

***

A couple of days had passed without incident when Iphigenia checked the map during another rest. 'I think we can expect the attack tomorrow. We'll be close enough to the village by then for it to be noticed.'

Ulric chewed on a piece of dried meat. 'Close enough to sow fear but far enough to get away unscathed.'

Elzbieta checked the blade of her sword. 'In a way I can't wait to find out what this sword and the gloves can do.'

Ulric chuckled. 'I can imagine.'

Iphigenia checked her tallies and hummed. 'Wolfie?'

'Yes?'

She smiled softly at him. 'I could use a boost to be fully prepared for tomorrow.'

It took a moment for him to understand. 'Ah! Of course! It's better to be at your maximum.' he said and stood up. 'Ehm, Elz? We'll just move far enough so hopefully you're not affected.' He took a step away to follow Iphigenia but a tug on his tail held him back. He looked back while Elzbieta held his tail and looked away with red cheeks. 'Elz?'

She fiddled with her tunic. 'I'd like a boost as well.' she muttered. His ears twitched as he gazed at her and she glanced up at him. Iphigenia smiled. 'So, it did feel good for you too.'

Elzbieta gave a quick and slight nod as she kept holding onto Ulric's tail.

He knelt in front of her and smiled softly at her. 'I'm relieved to hear you say it. I kept worrying about how you felt.'

She smiled softly for a moment as she glanced at him again. 'I didn't want to admit it at first, but it did feel good and even though you made some embarrassing mistakes from the moment we met, you're a good man.' She chuckled once. 'Or bloodwolf.' He wagged his tail as he grinned in embarrassment and she took his paw in her hand. 'If you don't mind doing it with a cripple.'

He squeezed her hand a little as he looked her straight in her eyes. 'Don't ever call yourself a cripple. I think you're beautiful as you are.'

She blushed hard until she squealed when Iphigenia grabbed her from behind and pouted. 'Hey! What about me?'

Ulric laughed. 'Iphi, you're a beauty as well. But don't ever ask who's more beautiful because you're equal to me.'

She grinned mischievously. 'Aww..'

He chuckled and poked her nose. 'I already have trouble enough believing the two of you want to do it with me now.'

She began unbuttoning Elzbieta's breeches. 'Then we'll just have to convince you right away.'

Elzbieta sat naked with her right leg folded in front of her and held the stump of her lower left arm. She looked down but Iphigenia sat down behind her on her knees and embraced her. 'He's right, Elz. Don't be ashamed because you still have a better body than me.' She cupped Elzbieta's firm breasts. 'I can never have these.'

Ulric chuckled as he sat on his knees before them. 'Now don't you start. Size doesn't matter to me, it's how much you'll let me enjoy them.'

She grinned at him. 'As much as you want, Wolfie.'

He moved close to Elzbieta and caressed her cheek as he smiled softly again at her. She smiled softly back at him, ran her fingers through the soft fur on his firm chest and leaned forward to press her lips against his muzzle. He pulled gently on her lips and she opened up for him, meeting his tongue in her first deeply intimate kiss.

She moaned softly at his lightly rough surface sliding along her tongue and slid her mouth further across his, gripping his fur as she felt excitement filling her chest and increasing her heart rate. He pulled her closer and slid his soft paws along her sides and hips and they kissed passionately until she pulled back to breath.

'So, how was it?' breathed Iphigenia in her ear. 'I sensed his kiss this time too.'

Elzbieta blushed and smiled at Ulric. 'I see why you love kissing him.'

Iphigenia nodded and she pulled at his neck to give him her passionate kiss and Elzbieta moaned softly along with Iphigenia, sensing their hungry kiss against her lips and along her tongue.

Elzbieta's heart beat rapidly when Iphigenia pulled back and cupped her breasts again. 'Wolfie, show her what else you can do with that wonderful tongue of yours.'

He smiled. 'With pleasure.' he said and leaned forward, caressing Elzbieta's breasts with his muzzle.

Her nipples grew hard fast and itched for attention at the soft touch against her skin around them. She breathed deeper and ran her fingers through the fur on the back of his head and stroked his ears. A soft moan escaped her at his rough lick across one nipple and she noticed Iphigenia's hard nipples pressing into her back. Humming pleasantly while Ulric licked around and across her nipples, she puffed up her chest towards him. Iphigenia reacted along with her and lifted Elzbieta's breasts further while breathing heavier in her ear.

Ulric growled softly as he sucked on her nipples. 'I'm so tempted to bite into your supple flesh and chew on these delicious hard nubs.'

A pang of excitement shot through Elzbieta's chest and she moaned softly. 'Gently then, darling.' she said and bit her lip and shivered at his sharp fangs nibbling on her nipples and clamping her breasts while he took them whole in his mouth, twisted his tongue around, and growled in hunger.

Iphigenia breathed harder and moaned softly as she ground her itching breasts against Elzbieta's back. 'Oh Wolfie, it's as if I have big breasts and you can really enjoy them.'

He licked once more around Elzbieta's breasts and smiled. 'I enjoy your cute breasts just as much, Iphi.' he said and stroked her cheek. 'If only I could lick yours at the same time as you two sense each other now.' She smiled at him and stroked his paw.

He watched Elzbieta's smiling red face and stroked her side. 'I'm hungry for more now. Time for the main course.'

Elzbieta squealed a little as shivers shot up and down her spine and a sudden tight itch twisted between her thighs. 'But I feel so dirty there now.' she breathed.

He grinned lightly. 'I'll have to lick you thoroughly clean then.' he said and licked down along her tummy while Iphigenia moved back and lowered her onto her hot lap. Her leg and stump trembled at the touch of his tongue around the silver cloud of soft hair above her mound and his nose brushing across it, and she gasped at his tongue slipping between her legs. He growled hungrily again while licking the front of her slit. 'Mmm.. Tasty..'

She squirmed her hips at the deep itch growing inside her and spread herself for him while Iphigenia shut her eyes and moaned softly while rocking her hips back and forth and massaging Elzbieta's breasts. 'Ohh.. That's it, Wolfie.. It's like you're licking me for the first time again..'

He gripped Elzbieta's hips and slid his tongue all the way through her slit, rounding her rock hard and hot clit. Knots of itching shot through her lower abdomen and she moaned while her body heated up and welcomed his real touch. 'Aaahhh.. If only I had met you sooner to experience this..'

He slid his hot tongue deep inside her and she gasped together with Iphigenia, then squirmed and squeezed his two fingers sliding in next and rubbing the entrance to her womb. 'I hope I can make up for what you had to miss.' he growled softly.

She panted and stroked his head. 'You're well on your way, darling.' she breathed and moaned while heat filled her body at the massage from inside and the electric charge of his gentle bites in her clit. Iphigenia moaned along and stoked up their shared ecstasy with her firm massage of Elzbieta's breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingers.

Ulric's deep massage and pull on her clit with his teeth drove Elzbieta and Iphigenia' minds together in clouds of sparks as they exploded from within their bodies and moaned in unison.

Iphigenia panted while her blurry vision cleared up and barely managed to check up on her tallies. 'Oh, Wolfie, even with just this my numbers increased.'

He sat up on his knees and looked at hers and Elzbieta's and grinned. 'Wow. How much higher will they become when we're finished?'

She smiled at him. 'And how much higher could we get them when we keep going?'

He chuckled. 'I don't mind finding out when we get the opportunity one day.'

Elzbieta took a deep breath. 'Like when we can recover for several days afterwards, please.' she said and pushed herself up. The sight of Ulric's full erection renewed the itching desire in her body and turned her heart rate up again.

Iphigenia sensed it and leaned forward. 'Ready to fully enjoy him deep inside you?'

Elzbieta moaned softly, reached out, and touched his tip with her fingertips. 'I really want to feel this now.' she breathed and looked up into Ulric's eyes. 'I'm sorry for what I said and did before.'

He smiled softly at her, grabbed her behind and pulled her up on his lap. 'Forget it. You reacted like any normal person would.'

She smiled, wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him deep again while grinding her mound against his hot flesh. Iphigenia moved up behind her, grabbed his shaft, guided his tip to the right spot between her soaked lips, and sighed deep at the shared hot sensation as Elzbieta lowered herself onto him.

She pressed herself against Elzbieta's back while Elzbieta ground herself tightly against Ulric and his heat spread through her body. They moaned and squeezed him and Elzbieta gripped the back of his head while Iphigenia gripped his waist. Elzbieta kissed him passionately again in another dance of tongues while he growled harder into her mouth as his desire itched from his tip to his balls.

The girls moaned deep with every hard upward thrust of his hips and they alternated kissing him. He gripped and slid his paws along their sides and thighs and Elzbieta gasped at the electric shock through her stump when he gripped the end. He jerked his hand back but she gripped his fur tighter. 'No, touch me!' she moaned in his mouth. 'Touch me everywhere! I want to feel your paws on me and make me feel whole!'

He gripped and massaged her stump and the electric charge surged through her body as she moaned harder. 'Ooohhh! For once it feels good!' Iphigenia shivered at the new sensation flashing through her and groaned. 'I can feel it, Elz! I can feel what it's like for you!' she moaned and gripped Elzbieta's stump as well. Elzbieta's body trembled in the intense sensation and squeezed hard around Ulric.

The pressure drove him over the edge and he shot his stream of burning seed into Elzbieta's depths with a guttural long growl and sent the girls into another bright climax from the flash of heat exploding inside their bodies.

The girls panted hard and slumped forwards against Ulric while their shared heat pulsed hard. Elzbieta kissed him again when she caught her breath and stroked the back of his head. 'I should have given into my body's desire when we first did it.' she breathed. 'Then I wouldn't have felt so guilty lately.'

He smiled softly at her. 'It just means it wasn't the right time.'

'Oh, much higher now.' Iphigenia breathed as she checked the tallies. 'Of course Elzbieta received most but mine have gone up as well.' She grinned at Ulric. 'You're a walking powerful charm.'

He chuckled. 'I'm glad I'm of use to you.'

Her eyes turned mischievously. 'You still have to be at least once more useful now.'

'It's my pleasure.' he said and cupped Elzbieta's cheek. 'If you can hang on.'

She chuckled. 'I fought worse battles before while tired. Although none that brought so much pleasure.'

She bit her lip when she lifted herself from him and he helped her sit down next to him. Iphigenia turned around on her hands and knees, exposing her wet slit and her juices dripping down her thighs. 'Give me yours now, Wolfie.' she breathed while her heart rate went up in anticipation. 'Use me as you like and fill me up.'

He smiled and slid deep into her at once with a tense moan of pleasure from her. 'Ahh Wolfie!' she moaned and he gripped her hips while pounding against her behind. Elzbieta gripped the grass and moaned together with Iphigenia at the thrusts hitting her womb. 'Ah, darling! You're hitting us so deep!'

He growled with every hit sending an electric shock from his tip to his balls and feeding his urge to flood Iphigenia with his demonic seed again. She squeezed hard around him and he thrust harder inside her. 'Ahh, Iphi! You'll tear off my tip one day!'

She grinned and moaned. 'Then I'll have you forever in me..'

He gripped her tighter and ground hard against her gushing mound at her desire for him and the pressure to empty his balls into her increased rapidly. 'You get me so hot I doubt I could ever hold back coming in you for long.' he growled low.

She moaned and pushed back harder against him, digging her fingers into the ground. 'Don't hold back, come as much as you can in me, Wolfie!'

He growled deeper and longer as his end neared and came with a final hard thrust and growl. Iphigenia and Elzbieta both cried out at the second hot stream filling and throwing them into physical bliss again.

Iphigenia waited until the throbbing inside her ceased and some of her strength returned, and slid off of him with a shudder through her body and turned around on her shaking arms and legs. Ulric sat back down and leaned back on his hands. 'Your numbers have not been as high as this before, Iphi.' he breathed. 'Everything we did accumulated.'

Elzbieta checked her tallies. 'I haven't seen any increases as high as this before.' she panted. 'Not even from rare potions or spells.'

Iphigenia grinned. 'I don't think there's anything ordinary about Wolfie anymore.'

He chuckled. 'I'm still a more or less ordinary guy underneath.'

She laid down on her side and stroked his still hard erection. 'I doubt there was much ordinary about you before.' she said and looked at Elzbieta. 'Want to help me with this last bit?'

Elzbieta licked her lips in unexpected hunger to taste him and moved closer to him. He growled softly in pleasure while the human and elf tongue slid up and down and around his shaft cleaning him thoroughly, and they locked their mouths together around his tip while their tongues explored his ridge and sensitive tip, and finished by taking turns sucking the last drops out of his tip until nothing was left.

Too tired to do anything else they crawled together under a cover and slept.

14 - Attacked and Trapped

Elzbieta woke up from a pleasant dream in which she was a little girl again and ran through a meadow and climbed trees near her home town. She let the memory slowly fade away but wondered why she had such a dream like she hadn't had in ages again. Ulric stirred and she smiled softly as she snuggled a little tighter against his side with her head on his broad shoulder and her leg on his. The dream didn't matter anymore, she had someone comfortable again after years of being alone, even if he had the body of a bloodwolf and came from another world. He had made her feel whole and even pretty again and she was satisfied with that. Like Iphigenia, she would enjoy being at his side. She chuckled silently. His side was warm and soft and she ran her fingers gently through his chest fur. And then froze.

Something felt off.

She lay on his left side.

Which meant she lay on her right side.

The side with her good arm and leg.

Not the side that had no hand and fingers to caress his chest with, nor a leg to snuggle up with.

She cried out as she sat up at once and startled Iphigenia and Ulric. 'What is it!?' he asked and looked around for hostiles. Elzbieta's throat was blocked and she held out her left arm. He grabbed her hand. 'Elz? What's wrong!?' Iphigenia gasped and he quickly looked at her. 'Iphi?'

She pointed at the hand he held and he stared at it for a moment, then at Elzbieta and Iphigenia again. 'What!?'

Iphigenia slapped his arm. 'What do you think you're holding!?'

He flattened his ears. 'I'm just holding her hand!'

Iphigenia groaned. 'Which hand!?'

He looked at Elzbieta's hand in his paw and back at Iphigenia. 'Her left! So!?'

Iphigenia laughed and shook her head. 'You dumb dog! Since when have you seen her left hand!?'

'But she always wears her left-' He stared at Elzbieta's fake leg and arm next to her armour. '-arm.' His eyes went wide as he looked at Elzbieta's left arm and leg. 'How..?' he said and looked at Elzbieta trying to say something while tears ran down her cheeks.

Iphigenia moved quickly over to her and hugged her tight. 'I know. It's almost unbelievable. But Wolfie's incredible healing power did it.'

Elzbieta cried and hugged Iphigenia until she found her voice again. 'I never thought this could happen.' she cried.

Iphigenia stroked her back. 'I can imagine.'

Elzbieta held out her left arm again and turned her hand every way. 'I have two hands again!' she half cried, half chuckled. 'I have two legs again!'

Iphigenia pulled back and smiled at her. 'Now you have no excuse for not counting to twenty.'

Elzbieta chuckled and looked at Ulric who gave her a warm smile, and held up her hand. 'I have a left hand again, and a left leg.'

He nodded. 'And no more worries about men losing interest in you because you missed a little something.'

She chuckled, moved over to him, and kissed him passionately. When she pulled back she smiled at him. 'That worry had already become history.' He smiled softly at her and she caressed his cheek. 'Thank you.'

He laid his paw on her hand. 'I didn't really do anything.'

She shook her head. 'No, you did everything. Even if this hadn't happened you gave me a new sense of happiness.'

Iphigenia embraced her from behind. 'But now I have no more advantage over you, with your perfect looks.' she said and sighed.

Ulric chuckled. 'You look perfect in your own way. How many times must I tell you?'

'Many more times.' she said and stuck out her tongue playfully.

He growled playfully and pushed her onto the ground. She laughed out loud as she wrestled with him and Elzbieta cried out when Iphigenia pulled her into the frenzy.
