 She saw with relief that most of the others left their gowns buttoned. As with the kisses, Rick seemed to know exactly what each girl's limits were, and did not press them. By the time he rejoined the Dora on the platform, nearly all of them were breathless from new-sparked passion and anticipation. Not even a master wizard addressing apprentices could command such riveted attention as was now focused on the Dora. 

"The custom here in Rakis, a custom which comes from Symbya, is for ladies to use creams to rid themselves of hair on Dorian's Mound," the Dora said as she unfastened her belt. 

Zafellia raised her hand, laughing. "My grandmother uses it on her upper lip!" 

"Such is not the custom in Tarlak," the Dora continued as if she hadn't heard, letting her gown slide to the floor. Her belly was just slightly rounded, her hips a bit wide but curved nicely, and her mound was covered with blond curls. Her legs, as they knew from the short tunics she wore in the summertime, were possessed of their own muscular grace that was unfashionable but certainly attractive. 

She sat on the edge of the bed and parted her legs, showing herself to them. She used her fingers to spread the folds of her woman's flower. Rick watched avidly, stroking her breasts and thighs. 

"Although many parts of a woman's body can bring her pleasure, the most intense spot is here, this lump, or button, at the top of the opening. When it is stimulated, it helps the woman become ready by exciting her even further, causing her inner juices to flow. A woman can touch it herself, or her partner might ..." she nodded to Rick, who slid his finger between her folds and rubbed slowly. "Mmmm," she sighed, unable to speak further. 

"Or," Rick said, "many men enjoy kissing a woman here, using his lips and tongue as well as his hands." He knelt between the Dora's legs. 

Although they couldn't see what was going on, the girls could tell it was strongly affecting the Dora. She raised her legs and rested her heels on Rick's broad shoulders. Her hands moved through his hair. Her cries of pleasure filled the classroom. 

"Oh, I want to try that!" Octavia whispered to Cordelia. 

Cordelia could see everything this time. As Rick kissed Octavia's inner thighs, ran his tongue along the outer flesh, and spread the folds to taste within, Cordelia imagined it was herself. She could almost feel the soft wet tongue leaving trails which cooled then warmed then cooled again on the tidal currants of his breath. Octavia was quieter than Jasmina, gulping in great breaths of air and letting them out in long sighs and gentle moans, caressing her own breasts. 

It was over much quicker, with Octavia tensing, then relaxing in a series of shudders. "Oooh, yes!" she sighed. 

"Would anyone else like to try?" the Dora asked. 

"Do try, Cordelia," Octavia urged. 

As much as she wanted to, Cordelia rapidly shook her head. The rest of the girls were similarly reluctant, though all of them except Herunia were obviously excited. Herunia had actually taken a book from her desk and was reading, or pretending to. 

"Well, then, I think it's time for you to see how to pleasure a man," Dora Leonilla announced. "We looked at pictures yesterday, but drawings pale in comparison to flesh. Rick, if you're ready ...?" 

"I am," he said, and went to stand before the Dora. She began unlacing his trousers. 

"A man's organ has many different names, from the vulgar to the humorous. In Tarlak, we are fond of the term 'little soldier,' but it might also be referred to as a lance, a rod, or manhood." 

She motioned for Rick to turn his back to the class and tugged the trousers down to his feet. The girls gasped again as his sculpted, firm buttocks came into view. He stepped out of the pile of cloth and turned to face them. His rod stood proudly out in front, jutting from a nest of silky black curls. 

Cordelia had no reference to compare it to, but she was sure he was large among men. His skin there was a slightly darker and rosier color than the rest of him. 

"How do men go about with such things all day?" Nambiria asked dubiously. 

"It's not always like this," Rick explained. 

"Arousal causes it to swell, to become erect," the Dora added. "When a man is not aroused, his rod remains sort, and is generally smaller." 

"But when a man is in the company of so many lovely young women ..." Rick said with a grin, gesturing helplessly at himself. "Well, it's unavoidable." 

"Here, once again, we have Dorian's sacred triangle," the Dora said. "The rod itself, and these two organs beneath it, which also have various names. They are filled with the man's precious seed. Now, as you can see, while the woman's triangle points down, the man's points up." 

Octavia and some of the others laughed, but Cordelia didn't catch the jest. 

"This area of a man is very sensitive. Not so much the shaft as the tip, but when stroking a man it is well to pay attention to both. Note how the shaft is made so that a woman's hand curls perfectly around it." She demonstrated, rubbing back and forth. "The tip is hidden by skin which can be drawn back like so. Here at the end is the hole from which the seed emerges." 

Rick uttered a low moan. The Dora reached between his legs with her other hand to cup the pouch which dangled there. 

"A delicate touch is necessary here," she continued. "You can feel the two organs within, like soft walnuts or plums." 

"But it's so big," tiny Madenia said. "How can that go in a woman without hurting her?" 

"Sometimes it does hurt," the Dora admitted. "If a woman is a virgin, or if she hasn't been made ready, there can be some pain, and for virgins there is occasionally a bit of bleeding. The important thing to remember is that a woman's passage was made to stretch enough to let a baby pass through. How many of you have seen a new baby? Much larger than even the most endowed man, I assure you." 

Rick managed to speak through his impassioned moans. "A true man, one in Dorian's good favor, will be careful with his lover and not give more or sooner than she is ready for." 

"True," the Dora said. "Now, we've seen how hands can give pleasure, and we've seen how a man's mouth can give a woman pleasure. A woman's mouth can be equally effective." She kissed his shaft, ran her tongue along it, then sucked the tip into her mouth. 

Rick groaned and his knees buckled so that he nearly fell. The Dora raised her head and let him recline on the bed, then bent to her task again. Her blond head bobbed slowly up and down, leaving his rod shining and damp. One hand held it around the base while the other kept moving, first sliding up and down in counterpoint to her mouth, then cupping his pouch, then rubbing his lower belly and thighs. 

"I did that last year," Octavia whispered to Cordelia. "Probably not nearly that well, but I've practiced since." 

"With who?" Cordelia gasped. 

"With a sausage," Tavi admitted. "But I can't wait to try the real thing. I tell you, Deelie, I think I was a fool to just suck on that sausage." 

The Dora paused and addressed the class, one hand still moving leisurely up and down. "The purpose of these activities is threefold: to pleasure, to make ready, and to provide wetness. A man's rod can enter a woman more easily if there is adequate lubrication. Sometimes, though, you and your man might be satisfied to just please each other with hands and mouths. I could continue until Rick reached his climax and released his seed -" 

"But where would it go?" Sofinia asked without even raising her hand. 

"It could spill free onto the bedclothes, or I could take it into my mouth," the Dora replied. 

Another chorus of "Eew," but fewer this time as most of the girls continued listening in fascination. 

"A man's seed is liquid, milky white in color and somewhat thick. The taste varies from man to man, and even from day to day depending on what the man has eaten, but in general it is slightly salty and a bit sweet. Some women prefer to wash it from their mouths, while others swallow it. Either is acceptable to Dorian. Swallowing it is less messy, and men tend to prefer it because it shows that the woman cares enough for him not to spit out his precious seed." 

"Dora?" Tavi asked. "May we try this too?" 

"If Rick is willing." 

"Of course," he said, breathing heavily. 

"Those of you who wish to, come forward," the Dora said. "It wouldn't be fair to poor Rick to make him walk among you on legs weak with passion." 

Octavia jumped up, pulling Cordelia with her. Cordelia started to protest, then let herself be dragged along. Jasmine reached the platform first, still bare except for her jewelry and cosmetics. She clambered eagerly onto the bed beside the Dora. 

None of the other girls came forth, though all continued watching eagerly. Even Herunia had lifted her gaze from her book. 

The Dora took Jasmina's hand and led it to Rick's erect rod. It lurched as if of its own accord when she touched it, and she giggled. "It's alive!" 

"Many men sometimes think of their little soldiers as having minds of their own," the Dora said. She nodded approvingly as Jasmina's hand began moving. "You have a knack for this." 

Rick groaned agreement. Jasmina's caress was less knowledgeable than the Dora's, more curious and exploratory, but what she lacked in skill she made up for with enthusiasm and innate talent. Before long, she lowered her head and kissed the tip of his rod with her painted lips. A small drop of fluid had seeped from the hole and she licked it away. 

"It does taste salty," she said. "Good, though!" Then there was no more room for words as she sucked his rod deeply into her mouth. 

Rick laid his hands along the sides of her head, guiding her movements, matching them with slow steady rocking of his hips. His body was tense, his skin flushed darker. 

The Dora turned to the rest of the class. "Sometimes, a man and woman might please each other in this fashion at the same time, positioning themselves loins to mouth, either lying on their sides or one atop the other." 

Rick lifted Jasmina's head from his rod, his breathing ragged. "Should stop for a moment," he said. "Otherwise it'll be over too soon." 

With a smug satisfied smile, Jasmine crawled down from the platform and licked her lips. "That was fun!" 

"I'm next!" Tavi declared. She poked Rick's shoulder until his eyes opened. "May we try what the Dora was describing?" 

He took a few deep breaths, calming himself "Sure!" 

She got on the bed next to him, started to swing her leg up, hesitated, put it down, her face a pretty frown of confusion. "How - oh!" as Rick grabbed her around the waist and hoisted her into the air, settling her widespread legs down over his face. Her surprised exclamation turned into a yelp of passion as he wasted no time putting his lips and tongue to work. 

Not to be outdone, Tavi took hold of the column of flesh rising in front of her and started kissing and licking. She engulfed it as far as she could, so deeply that Cordelia wondered if she was swallowing the rod entire. 

Drawn as if by hypnosis, Cordelia moved closer and leaned over to watch Rick's rod sliding in and out of Tavi's mouth. She wondered what it would be like to do that to a man, to feel the veined column rubbing against her lips and tongue. 

All of a sudden, his rod popped out as Tavi began gasping for breath. Her quivering thighs clamped around Rick's head. "Oh, it's happening again!" 

Rick grabbed her bottom, holding her tight as her body shuddered. She muffed her cries by filling her mouth with him once again, groping blindly to seize Cordelia's wrist. 

Before she knew what was happening, Cordelia found her hand pressed against the thick base of Rick's rod. It was hot, damp. The fine hairs curled around her fingers. Tavi's lips brushed against the back of her hand. 

She started to pull away, then changed her mind and closed her tiny fist around him, squeezing and rubbing. Rick's hips bucked. He cried out in passion and warning. 

"Girls ..." the Dora began, but she was too late. 

Cordelia felt Rick's rod spasm. Tavi recoiled in surprise as white fluid began spurting from the tip, but she recovered quickly and kept sucking. 

Some of it dribbled down onto Cordelia's hand. Rick's long legs shifted uncontrollably, pushing pillows on the floor. For a moment, every muscle was perfectly etched against his skin. Then all tension went out of him. 

Absolute silence reigned in the classroom. Cordelia slowly withdrew her hand, wiping it in the linens. Tavi rolled off of Rick and collapsed. 

"Gods," Jasmina finally said. "Is everyone all right?" 

"They're fine," the Dora smiled. 

"But now we won't get to see more!" Zafellia complained. 

"Give me a few moments," Rick panted. 

As he lay with his forearm over his eyes, his remarkable body lightly sheened with sweat, the rest of the girls crowded around. 

"What was it like, Octavia?" Sofinia asked. 

"Wonderful! " 

"Was it salty, like Jasmina said?" Madenia asked. 

"Sort of, but not as strong as seawater." 

"Why did you grab my hand?" Cordelia demanded. 

"Oh, Deelie, I was enjoying it so much that I wanted you to have a chance too." 

"Dora, is class over?" another girl asked, sounding disappointed. 

"Rick?" the Dora asked. 

"With a little encouragement, we could certainly continue," he said. 

"Cordelia," the Dora said, "would you like to do it?" 

"You mean ...?" she said, chewing nervously on her lip. Taking a deep breath, she nodded. "I'd like that, Dora." 

"I'll help," Jasmine said, getting back on the bed. Cordelia settled down across from her, Rick's hips between them. The Dora helped him prop his head up on cushions so he could watch. 

His rod lay on his thigh, smaller than it had been and soft. Jasmine stroked it gently, motioning for Cordelia to do the same. She did, feeling the texture, the strange boneless weight of it, the way the skin moved loosely over the flesh. 

Soon, a most remarkable transformation occurred and his rod began to swell and straighten in their grasp. The rest of the class murmured in awe. Cordelia and Jasmine exchanged proud glances. 

"Go on, taste it," Jasmine urged. 

Tavi made encouraging motions. She was still sprawled on the bed, her chemise bunched around her waist, and one of Rick's hands was hidden between her legs. His other hand was stroking the Dora's breasts. 

Cordelia averted her eyes from Rick and removed her veil. She knew she wasn't nearly as pretty as Tavi or Jasmine, but she had never considered herself plain either. She ran her tongue along the length of his shaft, tasting salty moisture. She sucked just the tip into her mouth while Jasmina rubbed and fondled lower down. 

Emboldened by the pleasure evident on Rick's face, Cordelia took it in further, until the end nudged the back of her throat. She bobbed her head up and down, lips tight around the shaft, tongue rolling and flicking. 

"Well done," the Dora said. "You girls have been paying attention, I see. Should I now demonstrate more of Dorian's Gift?" 

Rick untangled himself from the three students. They rather reluctantly got down to stand beside the bed, making room for the Dora as she sat beside him. 

"There are many ways for a man and woman to do this," she said. "In general, anything that is not displeasing to either party is well within Dorian's sight. The most traditional way is for the man to lay atop the woman." 

She laid back and spread her legs, bending them at the knees and bracing her feet on the cushions. Rick positioned himself between them and rubbed the tip of his rod along her folds. 

"This way permits the couple to make eye contact and kiss. The woman may caress the man's back, or lightly scratch it if that pleases them, or hold to his hips or buttocks. She may raise her legs over his shoulders, lock her ankles over his back, or do whatever else is comfortable." She sighed in delight, then continued. "What Rick is doing now is extremely pleasurable without actually entering. This can be done for a variety of reasons. If a woman wishes to remain virgin yet dabble in Dorian's Gifts, for instance." 

Rick slowly sank his rod into the Dora's opening. She raised her hips to meet his downward movement. The girls exclaimed as the whole impressive length went in, without causing any discomfort to the Dora. Quite the opposite, for she responded with nothing but increasing pleasure. He pulled back, then thrust again. 

"The pace of the lovemaking will vary depending on the mood of the couple," the Dora said, her lecture punctuated by breathy moans. "It can range from slow and tender to wild clothes-tearing frenzy." 

Rick nuzzled the side of her neck, nibbled her chin, stole the next words from her mouth with a kiss. His buttocks flexed and released, flexed and released, as he drove his rod rhythmically in and out. 

"We should show them another way," the Dora murmured. 

"Mm-hmm." He rose onto his knees, his rod sticking out. "Turan fashion?" 

"Very well." 

"Turan?" Zafellia asked. 

"In Tura," the Dora said as Rick stretched out on his back, "the woman rule the men, and assert their dominance by always taking the top in their lovemaking. Riding their men." She straddled Rick, reaching beneath herself to aim his rod correctly, then sank down and impaled herself. She supported her weight on hands placed on either side of his head and began rocking. 

"You can also kiss this way," Rick said, "and the man has free access to the woman's beautiful breasts." He thrust upward as the Dora came down. They moved more quickly, his thighs slapping her bottom. 

Sofinia leaned in close to peer at the place where their bodies met. "It just goes all the way in," she marveled. "All ofthat, inside!" 

"Do men like being taken like beasts?" Nambiria wondered. 

"I don't know about most men, but I like strong women," Rick said. "I love giving them pleasure in whatever way I can. This way, the woman goes at the pace that pleases her, so I learn what she wants." 

"Oh, soon now," the Dora said. "Oh, yes, oh, Dorian, yes!" 

He held her hips firmly, letting her ride out her storm like a ship on the high seas. Her blond hair flew wildly. Her belly shimmied like a page dancer's. Her wordless cry filled the room, and ended when she buried her face in Rick's chest. Her frantic movements came to a gradual stop. 

"Whew," Rick said. "I don't know how much longer I can last!" 

"We'll just show them the stallion position, then, and they can figure the rest out from books or their own imaginations," the Dora said. She clambered off of him and got on hands and knees. 

Rick knelt behind her. He spared a grin for the awestruck girls. "It's called the stallion position for obvious reasons." 

"Like a stallion breeding a mare," Jasmine said. 

Rick slid smoothly into the Dora from behind. She moaned, then said, "The couple cannot kiss this way, nor see each other, but it does give new and different sensations. The woman can also reach back, like this, to touch the man." She stretched her hand under herself and fondled the part of Rick that wasn't inside of her. 

His back arched as he thrust faster and faster. The Dora pushed her bottom back to meet him, the impact causing her breasts to jiggle madly. The entire bed shook in sympathy. 

"Oh, Dorian!" Rick called. "I'm almost ready!" 

"Wait!" Octavia cried. "What about us?" 

He jerked, surprised, and came loose of the Dora. She turned and stared at Octavia. "What?" 

"Jasmine and I want to try," Tavi said. "Please, Dora? Please, Rick?" 

Cordelia gaped, thunderstruck. But Rick's face split in a beaming grin. "Sure!" 

Octavia threw aside her chemise, scrambled onto the bed, and mimicked the Dora's pose. "Go slow, though. I don't want it to hurt." 
