 Castiel was a shaking mess of orgasm, screaming for Dean and clutching and grasping, spurting rope after rope of ejaculate till finally, breathlessly it slowed. Dean was nuzzling his head under Castiel's jaw as he caught his breath, then kissing his damp forehead. "There you go, baby. I still got you." Still placing soft kisses, still touching him gently as aftershocks continued.

The angel was too blissed out to respond, and instead wrapped his arms around Dean and closed his eyes. His last night on Earth, or anywhere, he supposed. They'd have to confront Raphael in only a few hours, and now, only now had they opened up to one another.

Love you so much, Cas.

He held Dean closer, needing his warmth and his words and the tender kisses his human was planting along Castiel's collarbone.

Love you so much.

He felt Dean's lips on his again, grounding him, seeking reciprocation, asking for reply. The angel whispered sweetly against his lover's mouth, and I love you, I have loved you for so long. His hands were wandering across Dean's strong shoulders, to his neck, and they entangled their bare legs as the hunter's kiss became more insistent. As Castiel was softening, coming back to himself, evidence of Dean's need pressed hard into his thigh. His lover was moving against him, stroking hips and sides, then kneading his outer thighs, and the man's self-control was plainly at its end. The lustful motion of his hips increased, and he was stifling groans, squeezing his eyes shut, kisses now fraught with the sharpness of teeth.

Castiel placed his hands softly on either side of Dean's face and the human's eyes fluttered open, glossed with passion. "Cas, God I need you. Need you now."

"Yes, Dean. Anything. What do you need?"

The hunter sucked in a sharp breath, and a look of doubt shadowed his eyes. He stopped moving and backed away a few inches, skin contact all but broken. Castiel's heart sank. Had he said something wrong? He'd never had such a relationship, and worried he should already know what Dean needed. Was he failing his human, helpless to fulfill the man's yearning? Perhaps he had put too much faith in their bond. He should have been prepared for the possibility that his profound lack of experience would hurt Dean. Ten thousand years of humanity's sex acts hadn't done anything to help him understand the cues, the body language or reactions Dean was having.

"Cas. You're doing things to me - I'm so sorry, Cas, I pushed you into this. You're a freakin' Angel of the Lord, and I was about to - I don't want you to regret this." He touched Castiel's cheek, but his expression hardened and he looked away.

"I don't understand, Dean. There's nothing regrettable about loving another being. We are connected. I want more than anything right now to bring you pleasure." Castiel gently raised Dean's chin and moved to make eye contact again. Dean still looked uncertain, but allowed Castiel to brush their lips together.

"But it seems so, I dunno, lewd. Humans are gross, man." Castiel's eyes smiled at this. The corner of Dean's mouth twitched up hopefully. "Are you sure? I want you to be a hundred percent. I don't wanna hurt you, Cas."

"Yes, I'm absolutely certain. I just need you to show me. Please."

Dean was biting the inside of his lower lip, and Castiel could see he was letting himself be won over. Then the mischievous glint in Dean's eye, the one Castiel couldn't get enough of, returned. "I can show you, Cas. That's not gonna be a problem."

Then there was a hand on each of Castiel's hips, and a velvety, wet heat enveloped his now-soft penis. It sent a shock of electricity through him, and he looked down to see Dean's lips wrapped around his member, the vision aligning with a sensation he couldn't describe. It was a stinging sort of pleasure at first, he felt almost too sensitive, but as the soft movement of Dean's mouth continued, as his tongue slicked over his shaft and softly swiped around the head, it began to feel good again. Really good. The attention drew a delighted moan from him, and he felt blood rushing again to that place, and something was trying to tighten, but he was still weak.

"That is ... astounding." Castiel had pressed his head back into the mattress, chin pressing awkwardly down, unable to look away from what was being done to his body. He satisfied the urge to touch the one making him feel this way by wisping fingers through his hair. "You were right, Dean." Words were again coming less easily, and Dean peered up at him, never stopping his steady motion. "Were right about this." He gazed into sparkling green eyes, which stared hotly back at him. He thought he could see Dean's left hand touching his own member, but he seemed to stop himself, and made one final slow, deep stroke over the angel's now very hard erection.

Dean crawled back up to face his partner and planted a wet, hot kiss on Castiel's lips. It tasted so different, salty and human, and the angel gleaned that this was what he tasted like. Dean was crushing their mouths together, letting their hard cocks slip against one another. A hand cupped and lightly tugged his testicles, then wrapped partway around both their cocks. They found a little friction this way, and Castiel felt the hunter smile against his kiss. Again his hips seemed to be moving on their own, jutting up into Dean's gently fisted hand. Dean leaned down and nipped at Castiel's ear.

"How does that feel, Cas? You feel how hard I am for you? Can you feel the pulse in my dick?"

"Yes Dean, and I want more. I know what I want, I just need you to guide me." Dean released his grip and trailed his middle fingertip down to the still slick hole Cas was so focused on.

"Tell me what you want, Cas. Am I getting warm?" Thick-voiced, he kept his mouth close to Castiel's ear. He was at once licking and softly biting at Castiel's neck, and applying a firm pressure to the angel's opening, making little circles around the puckered rim. This was so exciting to Castiel, Dean's questioning him, using words to stimulate. But he was also unsure how to play the game. What would stimulate Dean's imagination?

"You're getting warm. I want to feel you inside me," he tried. Dean's low growl told him it was a good start.

"My finger?" the man continued huskily, gently probing with the tip of his finger, not yet pushing through the little tense ring of muscle. Castiel felt his hips raise on their own.

"Y-yes, I want you to push your finger inside me." Dean purred against Catiel's ear and did as he was asked, slowly pressing in past the first knuckle. He stilled, allowing the angel time to adjust, but pushed himself up onto and elbow to facilitate eye contact, which Castiel was learning he very much liked. The muscles that had been so tight had begun to relax, and Dean watched Castiel's face as he began moving that one finger, slowly edging deeper.

"That all?" Dean was smirking, coaxing Castiel to ask for exactly what he wanted, but it was with patience, which the angel appreciated. He could play, with Dean leading.

"No. But I think we're going to need more lubricant." Dean laughed, sat up and and reached for the bottle again. He opened the cap and knelt between Castiel's legs, then looked up at the angel silently, waiting for directions.

"Dean, I -" It was difficult to get these thoughts out, vivid as they were in his imagination. He supposed that's what made it so exciting. "I want you to stretch me open. I know you'll need to use more than one finger to prepare me, because I know that right now I'm too tight for what I really want."

Lust filled his lovers eyes, and Castiel felt the cool, slick liquid on the finger that was now more rapidly sliding into his hole. It was joined by another finger then, and Castiel pushed back against the pressure, urging them in. Dean clenched his jaw, and with his free hand he moved Castiel's knees up toward his chest, then hurriedly started working a third finger into him.

"Tell me what you really want. Tell me how you want me to get you off." Castiel moaned at the slight discomfort paired with the dirty way Dean was talking to him.

"I need your penis inside me." He shuddered as Dean continued to stroke three fingers deeper into him. Brief doubts crossed his mind about having used the anatomical term, but the look on Dean's face made him think that perhaps it had been a sound choice. The man's face was reddening, and he looked as though there was something he was preventing himself from doing. It was an almost predatory look, and the angel felt the strokes into him change. The movement was faster, and different, and then Dean was hitting that spot again. Castiel gasped and clutched at the blanket. He gritted his teeth, delicious pleasure coursing outward from Dean's fingertips. He was making noises now that sounded animalistic. They weren't intentional, he simply couldn't stop them.

"Dean," he whimpered between moans. "Please, put your penis inside me, I'm ready for you now."

"Fuck, Cas. You are so fuckin' hot. I'm gonna put my dick in you, baby, just a second." He tore open a little foil wrapper with his teeth and quickly slid on a rubber. Then he sank his fingers into Castiel hard and deep one last time before sliding out. The head of Dean's cock now pressed against his entrance. His heart raced and he reached out to touch Dean's arm. He hoped he was taking care of Dean's needs sufficiently. He wanted to bring his human the same pleasure he had just felt, he ached to see Dean's face contorted with his climax.

"Do it. I want this." And that was all the encouragement Dean needed. He eased his length into Castiel's slick canal, and it hurt, but it was so good. Deans hands slid up the back of the angel's thighs, pushing the back as Dean leaned in toward his chest and slowly started to thrust. The tightening started again and Castiel's body was responding quickly now. He was panting through slightly parted lips, looking into Dean's eyes as the man's penis thrust into him again and again.

He now felt free of inhibition, his body pushing back against Dean's wildly as he tried to stimulate what he knew was his prostate. Dean's pace quickened and grunts and gasps were coming from his throat as his eyes screwed shut. "You're - you're feeling pleasure, Dean?" The angel was shifting, trying hard to pay as much attention to his human's needs as to his own. Dean groaned low and thrust harder.

"God, yes. You're so tight, angel. So good." Dean shifted his weight onto one arm and wrapped his other hand around Castiel's leaking cock. The new angle was perfect, and suddenly Castiel's vision went white. Dean was pounding into his prostate and jerking his fist rapidly over the angel's cock, and it was too much to bear.

"Ah! Dean! I CAN'T!" Dean didn't hesitate, didn't slow down, but his own frenzied words mixed with the angel's as Castiel writhed, twitching and tensing.

"Yes, baby, come for me. I'm here, come for me, let go." And deep in Castiel's core, the now-familiar warmth sprang up, and it was starting.

"Ohh, Dean I am, my climax is v-very near, it's h-happening." He tried, but he couldn't make sense anymore. He felt the twitching of his penis under Dean's touch, waiting to tip over that edge. It was close, painfully close. He tried to take one deep breath and relax, and then he was gone, his orgasm so intense he didn't know where he was anymore. Fireworks lit up his eyelids and the steady stroking continued as his orgasm pulsed. Stripes of hot semen hit his chest and chin, and he was crying out once again.

This was everything. And maybe it wasn't really, but right now, in this moment, connected to Dean and filled with passion and pleasure, there was nothing else. He tried to focus his energy on breathing through it.

The thrusting stopped rather abruptly and he opened his dazed eyes to see Dean holding his breath, frozen. And they were suspended for a few long moments, angel still on fire, panting his lover's name, hunter holding his position, agonized expression on his face. Castiel knew and he looked into Dean's eyes and nodded his head.

"Go on, Dean," he breathed. "Please go on." Dean was still rigid, but his back was arching and then his hips were lurching forward as though guided by their own consciousness, then Dean spat a soft curse and he was pistoning into Castiel with alarming speed.

"Oh fuck, Oh fuck. I'm coming. I'm coming for you, Angel." His chants grew louder until Castiel could see on his face he'd reached the peak. He leaned forward to rest his palm on Castiel's chest, gifting the angel with a beautiful view of the man's petite death. Dean was lost in his release, riding out his orgasm in silence, except for his gasping breaths, with slow, complete thrusts. It was unspeakably gorgeous.

"Mmmm, Cas." He carefully pulled out and tossed to condom, then crumpled to Castiel's side. The angel watched him as he began to catch his breath. "You wanna know what I think? I think you're the closest thing to perfection I've ever seen." With that he leaned in for a kiss that took Castiel's breath away. "I love you. And I can't believe how damn lucky I am."

Castiel breathed a sigh of happiness. The first sigh of personal happiness he'd ever breathed, he now realized. He felt - well, lucky, blessed - whatever it was to finally have the one thing you've wanted. "I love you too, Dean. My only regret is that it took me this long to tell you."

Dean wrapped his arms around him and smiled. "You made it in plenty of time, Angel."

Castiel supposed he had.