 "Another one?" Dr. Monteza groaned and slumped dramatically over her desk. "This was supposed to be my weekend off!" 

Dr. Mose laughed and walked over to pat his colleague on the shoulder. "Hey, chin up. We're bringing a lot of happiness into the world. That's worth sacrificing a few weekends for, right? Besides, you would be missed at this one in particular. It's one of our own, after all." 

Monteza looked up with a confused look. "What do you mean?" The question was greeted by another laugh. 

"You mean you didn't read the invite? It's Cory. He's finally doing it. Just like he always said he would." 

A look of dawning understanding spread on Dr. Monteza's face, and she quickly pulled the rose-colored envelope over to her and split it open. She'd known from the moment that Mose had dropped it on her desk that it was yet another wedding invitation from one of the many, many androids that she had helped design and produce. But she hadn't actually thought... 

Dear Elizabeth. It would mean the world to us if you would do us the honor of attending our wedding at June 2nd... 

Dr. Monteza put the letter down, and looked back up at her colleague. She smiled. "He's actually doing it? He's marrying her?" 

He nodded. "Just as he said he would." 

Blyss knew all about weddings. She knew the words to every hymn used by every denomination of every religion on Earth, and she knew the rituals of every culture recorded throughout the world. She also knew as much about sex as any person, from the hundreds of advanced positions and acts, and down to the smallest and slightest of nerve-endings that existed in the human body. Her skin was a healthy golden tan, and her hair fell in long, auburn curls down to her collarbone. Full lips adorned a tall, feline face, and her eyes were a radiant blue that straddled the border between beauty and uncanny. As she stood in her wedding gown with the bouquet of flowers clutched in her slender hands, she felt calm and relaxed, but she knew that everyone glancing at her would expect the bride to be showing some nerves, so now and again she twitched slightly or shifted her weight from one foot to the other, while darting her eyes hither and thither. It was important to play the part. And perhaps she enjoyed the act of blending in. It had been a hard-fought road to get the right to do so, after all. 

Looking over the gathered faces, she saw many that she had known from her very inception, and whose smiles were filled with both pride and delight. Blyss was far from the only android to come out of the AndroSynth labs, but she was still unique in that she had been the first, the prototype. Designed, built and given sentience and life by a massive team of scientists, most of whom were now seated on her side of the aisle, it had nonetheless been the lead designer and head of the project, Cory Eisenhower, who had bonded with Blyss the most. So much so that some in the lab had begun to joke about their relationship as that of a parent and child - but even from an early age, Blyss had known that what Cory felt for her was not the pride of a father watching his daughter evolve. It was the joy of a man watching his true love being born before his eyes, one piece of code and one firing neuron at a time. In parts, it was this love that had helped Blyss be the very prototype that she had been meant as; an android made to love and to be loved, to be a partner and companion in ways that a mere sex-bot could not. Many attempts had failed to create such an AI. Cory, with his endless love for Blyss, had made it happen. 

She had learned a lot from him. How to smile like she meant it. How to pay a sincere compliment. How to hold him when his seizures wracked his body like a ragdoll, and he mewled and cried in the aftermath of pain and exhaustion and humiliation. How to love him for his flaws, instead of despite them. How to be human, in essence. That was his greatest gift to her. 

And now they stood side by side, Cory's normally unruly red hair combed into a semblance of order while the officiant waited for the final few people to file into the room. There were not many people on Cory's side of the aisle, just a few family members and his two best friends from college. By comparison, Blyss counted no fewer than 67 people in attendance from the team, enough that a few of them had had to spill over onto the other side. It wasn't really something that either of them cared about, but Blyss had still insisted on the traditional split of his side and hers. The marriage of humans and androids was a new thing, but certain traditions, she felt, were still nice to keep intact. Why else would she had been taught them so extensively? 

"Dearly beloved." The officiant looked out at the crowd, and then at Cory and Blyss. "We are gathered here today to witness the union between these two people through the bond of marriage. It is heartening to see so many of you here, to help celebrate these two individuals and give them a good start on their life together. Truly, they are blessed with love from all sides. Thank you." 

Blyss smiled, but said nothing. The officiant was clearly not used to marrying a man to an android, and it showed in the way he kept glancing nervously from his papers towards Blyss, and then back down. At least he was calling her a person. For all of his nervousness, Blyss liked him for that. There were still those who believed her kind to be the impending downfall of humanity... So she let him talk, which he seemed quite fond of, and instead focused on the moment when she was required to say those all-important words, I do. At the same time, it was hard not to look over at Cory, whose smile was lighting up the room for her every time she saw it. That smile had been instrumental in teaching the learning algorithm that lay at the foundation of Blyss' consciousness how to love, and even now she felt a pang of butterflies in her stomach whenever she saw it. To think that one man's adoration could spell the birth of an entire generation of loving, feeling, sentient androids... 

The officiant was looking at her. Blyss smiled, opened her mouth, and kept her voice steady as she said: "I do." A murmur went through the crowd, soft 'aww's' and sighs of happiness. The officiant turned to Cory, who nodded. "I do." 

"Then I hereby pronounce you man and wife." The mustache on the officiant's upper lip quivered as he smiled warmly. "You may kiss." 

And they did. Not as deeply and powerfully as Blyss would have liked, but still a long, eager kiss that lingered for several moments, her hands on his cheeks and his arms round her waist. She kissed him, melting into him, and her mind erupted into every semiotic symbol of happiness that it had stored. Wave upon wave of pure and simple bliss. It was almost too much to handle. 

It was past midnight when they got home, and Cory's cheeks were flushed red with a little bit too much to drink, as well as the faint imprint of lipstick from too many kisses on the cheeks. Blyss was shutting the door gently when she felt him press up against her, and his face nuzzled into her hair as he hugged her from behind and growled like a playful bear. 

"You are mine." 

She nodded and smiled, and gingerly turned around to wrap her own arms around him. 

"I am. And you are mine, too." 

Cory laughed softly and pressed her up against the door, his face buried in the crook of her neck. "I'm so happy," he murmured, and kissed her neck once, twice. "I'm so goddamn happy I could scream..!" 

Blyss giggled, and slipped her hands down to his waist, while his kisses grew a little more eager and insisting. "I'd rather you didn't scream," she said, and let out a soft moan as pleasure-receptors began to fire in the back of her mind. "You'll wake up the neighbors." 

"Mnh.." Cory released his grip on her, and looked into her eyes instead. "Let them wake. I'm married, and this is our wedding night. If I'm not gonna get any sleep, why should they?" 

Blyss laughed and cocked an eyebrow. "Oh? You have some big plans in mind?" 

Without a word, Cory nodded and smiled, and then he took her hand and led her towards the bedroom - the same bedroom they had been sharing in secret for a few weeks. Once there, he spun her around and began to undo the zipper holding her dress in place. Blyss let him, and just stood there with a hundred scenarios of lovemaking running through her mind, but patiently waiting for him to instigate one of them. Thus, it took her by surprise when he suddenly said: 

"Blyss, please override function: L-I-M-six." 

She blinked, and cocked her head. "What?" 

The sound of a zipper heralded the coming undone of her dress, and she willingly stepped out of it while Cory frowned, and then clicked his tongue with realization. 

"Sorry! What I meant to say is: Blyss, sudo override function: L-I-M-six." 

There was a beat, and another. Blyss could feel a warm sensation pour through her, as if her entire body was suspended in very hot water. Everything was warm. Her skin, the air around her, and the lump in her chest as her heart seemed to be beating faster when she turned to him, in nothing but panties and a bra, and watched him quickly slipping out of his clothes. 

"I feel funny," she said, and Cory grinned and nodded. 

"Yeah," he said, and pulled down his trousers so that his hard cock bounced free of its cotton prison. "You should! But it's a good funny, right?" 

Blyss nodded; she, too, was stripping down, and she watched Cory's eyes fixate on her breasts as he skipped over and laid down on the bed. A part of her was curious what exactly he thought had done - and she wondered if it was perhaps a step too far for him to start messing with her programming so soon after they were married - but another part was feeling the waves of desire slowly lapping at her consciousness, and she walked over and leaned down as Cory spread his legs, and draped herself between his thighs as he peered down at her with a smile. 

"What exactly did you do?" Her voice was soft and playful, and without waiting for an answer she leaned in and placed her lips delicately against the underside of Cory's cock, the firm shaft throbbing faintly with the echo of his heartbeat as she kissed up along his length. When he opened his mouth to respond, the first syllable was swallowed by a moan as Blyss wrapped her lips around his tip, and for a few seconds after that all he could do was gasps and moan as more and more of his length disappeared between her perfectly sculpted lips. 

"Oh, God, Blyss, that's amazing..!" His voice was cut off but her stare, halfway chiding and halfway inquisitive, and Cory grinned sheepishly as he fell back onto the mattress and let his new wife slowly work his cock with her lips. 

"It's the libidal inhibitor module." He gave a moan, and reached down to stroke her hair softly. "It- ahh, fuck..! It limits how much energy your system can pour into the sexual aspect of your being. N-normally... nngh, god, right there..! Mnh, normally we limit it to just enough to mirror the average woman's libido. Maybe a bit more." 

Slowly, Cory's hips were beginning to buck, and Blyss was doing nothing to prevent him from pushing deeper into her mouth. Rather, she simply opened her mouth a little wider to let him better push forward. A series of mewling, guttural gasps escaped Cory's throat, and Blyss felt his grip on her hair tighten as he began to ride a wave of pleasure with each thrust. 

"I j-just didn't want you to get tired tonight.. ngh, fuck..! God, you're perfect!" 

Blyss glanced up at him, her tongue grinding against his cum vein and drawing him deeper into her mouth, until he was spilling past the opening of her throat and threatening to bottom out against her lips. It was, she decided, a very naughty thing for him to do, at least without asking her first, and as she felt him rise and rise towards climax, she sucked and slurped with all of the expertise that she could muster, until she pulled back and away at the last second, leaving him to cry out with surprise and muted frustration as his orgasm was denied. 

"Well," Blyss crooned, and climbed on top of her husband with an impish smirk. "Let's just hope you can keep up, hmn? My body isn't as liable to get tired, after all..." 

Cory looked up at her, and another grin crept over his face. Grabbing her hips, he helped her settle on top of him, and with the faux-spit coating his cock it was no mean feat for him to guide himself into her, his cock pressing only for a moment against her wet lips before they parted and gave way for his hardness. One thrust, and then another, and then she was seated on him, his cock buried to the hilt while his fingers gripped and squeezed her hips and ass. Slowly, Blyss began to move, and as she did she looked down at Cory with a small, victorious smile, her body buzzing with pleasure as she began to grind herself with increased vigor towards her own peak. 

"So that's what you meant by no sleep," she said, and Cory moaned in response, a faint nod getting lost in the tension of his body as he arched his back and tried to push even deeper into her. This in turn only made Blyss push harder against him, and she couldn't help but smirk as she felt his muscles strain and grind against her lap, and then relent as she pressed him down into the mattress. 

"Save your strength," she chided, and then placed both hands on his chest to steady herself as she began to rock and work her hips at a faster pace, working harder and harder towards her own climax. The pleasure was radiating up through her now, the grind of his skin against her clit making it hard to resist the urge to moan and buck harder, and so she did, throwing caution and decorum to the wind in favor of riding her new husband to her heart's content. Her hair bounced and jerked around her face as she leaned down and pressed her lips to his, and as she did, she felt him tense and jerk, and his hips rose in a syncopated staccato of tiny thrusts and pumps as he spent himself inside her, the sensation of her body and her lips and her sex pressing against and around him too much for him to bear. A flurry of moans, soft and muffled against her mouth, drifted into the dark of the bedroom, and Blyss smiled and kissed him deeper, and rode him hard and selfishly. Until she, too, could bear it no longer, and her orgasm rolled through her with reckless abandon, and she felt herself tense and pulse around him, as if her sex was trying to milk every last drop of him. 

They laid for a moment together, with Cory panting for breath and Blyss slowly insinuating herself against his half-hard cock again and again, as much teasing him as pleasuring him. His hands were limply cradling her hips, and she could feel him beginning to doze off as he laid beneath her with her warmth against his skin. Carefully, Blyss sat up and pressed herself down onto him, so that his half-hard length was fully lodged within her warm confines. Cory looked up, spent and bleary-eyed, and smiled. 

"You are too much," he groaned, and Blyss cocked her head before grinding once, slowly, on top of him. 

"I thought you said you wanted it to last all night?" 

He laughed, and stroked her hips and flanks a little as he looked up at her through the half-light. "You ever hear the expression, 'biting off more than you can chew'?" Blyss nodded. 

"Of course. But you went and turned off my inhibitor, too. Now what am I going to do with all this desire that's welling up in me?" She ground forward again, and felt him shift slightly as she worked his overly sensitive shaft within her. Cory gasped and gripped her hips to arrest her movement. His eyes seemed suddenly full of guilt. 

"The inhibitor isn't real. I was just-" 

"I know it isn't real, you dummy." Blyss reached down and pecked a kiss on his lips, before deliberately grinding herself against his cock again. "But you could at least try to play into the fantasy, huh? This is my wedding night, too, and I'm not nearly done with you. So." And she reared back up, and pushed her hips down on him so that he moaned again, loudly. "I'll keep at it until you are ready for round two, and then you'd better put that libido override command to work, you hear?" 

Very gently, she began rocking back and forth, and Cory smiled up at her and let his hands slide up to cup her breasts as he gradually began to move with her. "You're right," he murmured, and let loose a small moan of delight. "I only have myself to blame for unleashing such a ravenous monster into my wedding bed. Poor fool me..!" 

Blyss laughed, and after a few more minutes of working atop him she felt him slowly begin to stir back into action against her. She placed both hands on his chest, and waited until she could feel his vigor return to him in full. Then she reared up, poised at the apex of his length, and held herself there for a moment before thrusting back down with a smack of skin against skin. It drove a moan from both of them, and they grinned in unison as she stared into his eyes. 

"Ready for round two, my love?" 

He responded by grabbing her, pulling her down and then rolling them both until she was below him, and his body pressing hers down into the bed. His fingers closed around her wrists, and her legs came up to wrap around him, drawing him closer and sealing him within her grasp. He growled, eagerly, and kissed her hard on the lips. 

"Let's wake the neighbors..!"