 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2016.

Unlike most of my work so far, this story can be read on its own. At the request and sponsorship of my patrons, Lethrix the Deep Dragon is pulled from a larger work to stand beneath his own spotlight for a bit.

This story is also a gift to current readers of "Surfacing" as we move from Chapter 31 to 32. It will add to what's coming but is not required reading. Please enjoy while I work hard to bring back the Underdark in full.

*****

LETHRIX

"Iz'ress?"

No. She would never let the cunt see her hands shaking.

"Iz'ress, did you hear me?"

Of course she had. And don't use that oh-so-clever nickname, that stupid play on words... 

Z'ress. "Strength" as spoken by the Drow. It only reminded her she truly had to be strong not to collapse right now.

"Open the door, sister."

The young Drow contemplated her one small trunk she would bring with her, what she could fit, where it would go...what would remain behind. She took a deep breath with her hands on the edge of the trunk. They weren't shaking anymore, at least.

"Izabal Du'Prohn! Open the door!"

There. This was as far as she could push Matron Miz'ri Dar'Prohn without being accused of obstructing Lolth's Will. Izabal stepped to her chamber door and whispered the word to unlock it, tugging on the handle and swinging it open with a grand gesture to allow in the Matron and Priestess of the House.

"I am packing," Izabal stated, returning to her truck to move things around to make more room. She already knew her sister would replace the lock spell and add a silencer on top of it behind her. She didn't have to do it because, like always, she didn't care who heard.

"And... you've told no one, little sister?" Miz'ri asked.

"You've kept me in here since you made the deal. How could I?"

"Don't pretend you aren't clever in your own right, Iz'ress. You are my blood."

Actually they were both of their mother's blood, with different sires...

Izabal turned to face her, glancing nervously at the snake whip always at her sister's waist. It was asleep at the moment but that could change in an instant. "I swear on our House's Honor that I have told no one, Matron."

Miz'ri's deep crimson eyes stared into her as she came closer, evaluating. Finally she seemed to see what she desired and nodded. She continued to step around the private chambers, getting to know the items that wouldn't have a mistress much longer.

Izabal didn't really expect to come back. But she hoped.

"How in Lolth's name did you even meet a Dragon in the Underdark?" Izabal asked, a tremor in her voice. "How are you sure he is what he claims?"

"He's proven it," Miz'ri answered vaguely, admiring a tapestry that used to hang in their late brother's room. "And it is no business of yours how I discovered him."

"I would think it is," Izabal replied, her chest tightening with hate and fear. She felt sick. "You...you want me to...you bartered for me to—"

Swiftly Matron Du'Prohn closed the distance and trapped Izabal against her parting trunk, staring at her and lightly touching the handle of her whip. The younger sister heard a few serpentine hisses rise up. Miz'ri pinned her with that frightening, fanatical gaze. 

"It will be easier than bearing a Draegloth, little sister. Be grateful you have never been required to perform that duty. I have taken it on behalf of everyone who lives here, you'll not forget!"

One of the snake's mouths opened, forked tongue tasting the air and a drop of venom glistening from one fang.

"Of course, I apologize, Matron, forgive me..."

Miz'ri slapped her. "You are next in line to strengthen our House, Iz'ress. You are finally of an age to help us rise in time to be the First House. And as I am no longer fertile, the Drake has accepted you and you will see this done. Becoming the First House will happen in my lifetime. It will, because not one of our rivals will have a Dragon's Daughter within her ranks! "

******

Izabal awoke somewhere dark, trying to remember where she'd been. When she shifted, she heard metal coins sliding, spilling over each other and off a ledge. She winced. It was so loud when she was accustomed to near-silence whenever outside of their borders.

She remembered, of course. She had been well outside of their borders what seemed a moment ago, standing with her trunk and Miz'ri with their small, loyal entourage. 

Now she was here. Her sister hadn't even allowed her the dignity of walking to her fate, conscious, on her own two legs. She had been traded like a sack of mushroom flour and piled on top of his hoard. Just another addition...

Now he would know she'd just awoken as she disturbed the Dragon's riches. At least she was still fully clothed in her House's formal, red gown.

She tried to listen for him, to see him in the pitch darkness but he was hiding his form. She knew he was here. The young mage could not help but choke on his aura that permeated the place. So powerful... He could overwhelm her. Perhaps she would merely be kept dumb and mindless, a living doll while he rutted her, to help her catch.

How long would it take to catch a Dragon's child? How long to carry it? What if he grew tired of her long before it happened and turned her out, if she was lucky not to be eaten? She couldn't go back without a babe in her belly...

Then Izabal remembered once again the look on Miz'ri's face when she had asked if the barter had included her survival and return home. Her big sister hadn't answered the question, obscuring the subject with something else. Not even willing to say outright.

"Xsa ilta skiki cos raza ulu rendan!" Izabal cried, slamming her fist down among the coins, cursing also the tears which rose up in her eyes. She blinked rapidly to keep them from falling, her breath ragged as her heart pounded in her ears.

Someone chuckled, speaking her language quite well. "And a fine curse it is, too, young mistress. I hope it helps you feel better. You might want to breathe slower."

He can't have been any larger than herself by the sound of it. He wasn't speaking into her head; this voice was from outside, someone unseen to her left.

"Who are you?" she demanded, shifting more coins around beneath her weight.

"I have many names. Did Miz'ri give you one of them?"

The voice was closer but the aura was still massive and nonspecific, the scent too wild and unfamiliar all around the den to help her pinpoint him, and Izabal still could not see or sense anything useful. She calmed her breath—because a good idea was simply a good idea—and played with one of the silver rings around her fingers.

"No, she did not," she answered as firmly as she could. "And I...did not ask."

He purred. "Why not?"

"Dragon is more than enough description, is it not?"

"Hm. If you insist, Drow."

She huffed, seeing his game. "There are many more Drow than there are Dragons in the Underdark."

"Oh, I am aware."

"It is hardly sufficient description for me."

"It is more than enough description. Or we could go with Drow Dragon-breeder?"

She scowled at nothing. Again he chuckled.

"Let me know when you've changed your mind, young mistress." Oddly, the voice was getting...deeper. As if he was getting larger. "Meanwhile, if you'll accept my protection for the foreseeable future? You must answer now. Yes or no?"

Izabal swallowed. Without her House, she had no other protection. "Um. Yes, Dragon."

"Good. It's been far too long for me."

Izabal's eyes flew wide as she felt a large pair of hands grip her shoulders and forcibly turn her over on the coins. He put her elbows to the ground, one strong arm hooking under her abdomen to lift her hips and place her on her knees. Her mouth opened in shock and she was about to say something when a hot and rigid member pressed at her backside through her gown. 

"H-hey!"

"This will protect you from anything in the Underdark, young mistress. And I will know your scent for all your life."

He wasn't wasting time; he would start the breeding immediately! He lifted her skirts and rubbed hard, scaled thighs against her own soft skin. She could smell him even more all of a sudden-something like the sweet tang of Jynitha mushroom spirits mixed with a gladiator's sweat-and it felt like he marked her in truth as the pungent scent stuck to her clean flesh like syrup. 

This scent upon her would send even the hungriest predator of the Underdark scurrying away.

The Dragon shifted above her-still unseen, she might as well be mounted by a starving Draegloth springing out of a dark corner of the room. Although she heard him do something with his mouth-open it, surely, then close it again-she didn't have a guess until she felt something wet and gooey smeared over her sex.

Then it started to burn on her sensitive flesh.

"Oh, Lolth, what is that?!"

"Something to help you relax, young mistress."

He pressed his strange, bumpy cock inside her with a deeply pleasured grunt and a hiss, and Izabal squealed more in distress than pain. She wasn't used to large males, she'd never known one who could hold her down like this.

No matter their size, she'd always have been able to blast them in the face before they ever tried.

Izabal realized belatedly, with the Dragon rutting her like livestock and as she fought the drugging effect of his slime between her legs, fought how good it was beginning to feel...she told herself that she could still use magic on him.

...Right?

Ha. It will change nothing for the better.

The young Drow's fingers clawed into the gold coins beneath her as she gasped and slowly lost all concentration other than the feel of the alien cock thrusting into her again and again. It felt so good...she hated that he could do this! That it was so easy for him to overwhelm her. Some stupid "magic cock" spell...

"Mmmm-uhh..." she groaned.

"That's it, young mistress. Just relax."

She might as well climax, she thought. He sensed her submission, saw her tweak her nipples through her gown. One of his massive hands pulled her head up by her hair and he sniffed her, lightly licked the back of her neck and the edge of her ears. He at least had the consideration to use his other hand to spread some of his goo across and around her little pleasure nub, as well as her netherlips, to gently stroke her as the strange substance heated her flesh to an aching sensitivity.

"K-keep...going, Dragon," she grunted, her body lurching forward with force as he sped up, hearing her voice.

"My intent, Drow."

Arrogant bastard.

"Ahhh...ohhh...! Ah Lolth...! YES!"

Izabal thoroughly enjoyed the sweeping peak suffusing her body, satisfied with the way her cunt clutched at and milked the Dragon's cock as she cried aloud in drug-induced pleasure. His breathing grew harsher and he started to growl. Yes! She was sure that this would trigger him to blow his seed into her at any second!

Maybe it would happen quickly, maybe she would catch this very first time-

The Dragon rumbled deep and pulled out of her, and Izabal jumped in shock as she felt several scalding streams of male cum strike her sweaty ass and thighs, taking notably longer to cool than the few other males she'd allowed to spurt onto her skin. He held her dress up and out of the way as he hummed, chuckling again as he used a large hand to smear and rub his jism into her skin like lotion.

"H-hey!" she protested again.

"What?"

"You were supposed to climax inside me!"

"Was I?"

"Yes! How else are we supposed to breed a half-blood for my sister?!"

"Are you thinking to ask me that only now I've finished, young mistress?"

Izabal paused, getting the distinct feeling he was laughing at her in her current position: on her elbows and knees with her head still down and dress pulled up, Dragon semen quickly drying on a thin but quite broad layer on her ass and thighs...

She scrambled forward to escape him and climb to her feet; he allowed this and sounded to stretch back along his riches with a relaxed, smug sigh.

"Let me see you," she demanded, a tremor in her voice.

He appeared, even lighting a small lamp with a flame to give her some color as her eyes watered up and she blinked. 

The Dragon was...bipedal. Reclining at the moment but for certain able to stand on two legs. His limbs were long, his chest broad, the muscle dense, his skin as dark as hers but with a strange purplish undertone...and covered in fine, perfect scales that wouldn't be too rough except along his spine. He had a long, coiling tail and a set of leathery wings splayed out wide along with his thighs as he idly played with his large, spent penis with clawed fingers. He had a large, dark scrotum hanging low.

Izabal forced her gaze to his face. He had serpentine pupils, slashes of black bisecting eyes as gold as the rest of his hoard, ears echoing an Elf but with a crown of ivory horns encircling a bald and bestial head that still had one of the most beautiful faces she'd ever seen...

He shouldn't be beautiful like this-he was too big, too thick, he wasn't Elven, he was a conceited, greedy deal-maker with no care at all how she's been sold to him, to be plundered by him without her real consent until her belly finally started to swell.

She should have run away the moment Miz'ri had told her what she'd done. Of course...that was exactly why Izabal had been locked in her room the same eve—because she would have run. Denial and shock had given way to anger and fear and pleading through her own bedroom door. How could she do this?

Even the mental image of bringing back a strange infant in her arms, one that would bring her status and power only left her with the vision of struggling forever with her older, sterile sister for control of her firstborn daughter...

Izabal turned around before he could see her tears of frustration.

"Am I not pleasing to your eyes, young mistress?"

Trembling, the Drow took a calming breath. "You're fine, Dragon. It's not always all about you."

She heard his rumbling chuckle again. "The general response whenever I appear would suggest otherwise."

She gritted her jaw. "Well. If that's all there is to it, then keep your oh-so-virile essence in my cunt where it belongs next time."

******

Izabal was a lackluster version of her former self for the next several months, waiting and existing to be bred. The Dragon would rut her when he was horny, which was nearly every waking cycle, and he liked many different positions. About half the time would leave her with his seed in her womb, the milky substance leaking out afterward. 

It felt good enough, and he could help in several ways with the soreness to keep it pleasurable for her. He kept her fed, Warding her inside with his hoard while he went out hunting and gathering, and her trunk allowed her some changes of clothing as she still insisted on dressing like she was part of a House in the city.

After a while the sex felt empty, however, a routine like eating and resting, and Izabal thought even the Dragon was getting bored. That was a bad thing for her, wasn't it? Hadn't she already considered before what would happen if he should turn her out and go back on his bargain? It wasn't like he had been fully paid yet.

"What shall I call you, One of Many Names?" Izabal asked one eve as they ate, and the bipedal Dragon looked up from his fresh meal.

His eyes glinted with interest. "May I ask for your name first?"

"My sister didn't tell you?"

"She did. You have never introduced yourself to me."

She smoothed her palms against her dress, thinking how well he knew her body for one never introduced. "Izabal Du'Prohn."

He bowed his head. "Lethrix Iskotovahmiurag."

She made a face. "Isko-what?"

Lethix just grinned in a far-too-familiar way and would not repeat it.

She frowned at him. "You say a lot of things that are private jests, don't you?"

He blinked, eyes widening a bit. "Maybe."

Izabal snorted in a way that lacked a certain Noble delicacy. "You're a perfect beast, aren't you?"

His widest smile so far. "I am, I am. And you're a perfect chase, Izabal."

Chase?

She narrowed her eyes at him. "I'm trapped here. We go in circles. It's hardly a challenge, is it?"

One corner of his mouth stayed up as he wobbled his head a bit and shrugged. "You should know not one of our couplings thus far has a chance of producing offspring. Your suffering martyr's attitude means nothing in the long run, but at least you don't fight the Dragonlust too much."

Izabal's mouth dropped open. "What? Not one...?"

His eyes glinted with immense humor. "I had asked if you were requesting knowledge about how to breed, Izabal. Your first cycle with me."

She sputtered, nearly slamming down her drinking cup. "I-I know how to breed!"

Now he laughed outright, booming and filling the chamber. "Not with a Dragon, young mistress. It's a little different. More difficult. It must be intentional. A passive female will not catch from me, I guarantee it."

Izabal felt cold in her core. Not passive? Intentional? 

How much time had she wasted already? Now she had to start over.

******

It took time to retrain herself to call him Lethrix instead of Dragon. He never again called her "Drow," however. She was Izabal, and he even started murmuring it every so often as they were rutting, when he was close to climax. She wasn't so passive, either, she tried harder to fuck him back, learning that he liked small bites and claws from her; he liked more movement and sound as she undulated against him. She'd even discovered a few interesting things she could do with his coiling tail as well, as she would lean back and invite him to nuzzle and nip at her breasts.

The next six months were lighter in mood and more fun, she could admit, but she still didn't become pregnant.

One cycle she laid down to rest—by now she had a proper chaise to lie upon—and stared at the same old lair as Lethrix left to roam the Underdark, Warding the entrance behind him. He didn't sleep—or rather he did but in long, long rests, not the multitude of little "cat naps" that she did. 

Cat naps. He had needed to explain that one. For now, though, he was awake all the time.

"For how long?" she'd asked once.

"Until it's time to sleep again, same as you. It's only a matter of perception."

She had been here almost a full year now, stomach flat as ever, and she wasn't sure how much longer she could stand being caged up even surrounded by jewels and precious metals. Only so long could she count or admire gold and silver and platinum melted and pressed into various shapes. Maybe a Dragon never got tired of the counting, but she did. 

Izabal had never been one to get den-fever before; her studies often kept her in the same room for long periods of time and her sister rarely dragged her off of the House grounds. If she did, it was usually for something political. The Second Sister of the House was a reasonable mage, mostly learning what it took to seem competent but little more.

That was the dirty little secret Miz'ri wanted to keep: a high-standing House with a Second Sister who had minimal ambition for herself and seemingly no weakness for being intimidated to serve those of her sister's. Miz'ri was on her own; Izabal didn't care and she refused to help with the plots.

Unfortunately, that had given the young mage over to a massive surprise as far as her older sister's ambition had gone. Izabal had never seen it coming.

In the Dragon's Lair, she rested well enough in reverie but wasn't too happy to wake again staring at the same ceiling and being alone. She had no reason to get up; she stayed where she was and recited a few verses to pass the time until Lethrix came back.
