 John and Sam were best friends. They drank together, fought together and after a long day of combat drills under the searing Rigellian sun they were ready to blow off some steam together. As they stepped into the h-space it began to populate with the familiar setting of the Danube City Brothel on Tantun IV. The walls changed into that lovely burgundy wallpaper, the floor that sexy black marble and slowly furniture began to materialize before them. Then their partners faded into being, a long haired Asian beauty for John and a tall blonde for Sam. The former laid on the plush velvet bed in the corner under a canopy of silk, the latter sat on a black leather chair near the middle of the room, both were totally naked and awaiting commands.

Sam had gone almost a year with no real-world sexual encounter so was the first to speak, "Holy shit I need this. Some good hard fucking after that bitch of a day."

John nodded in agreement. Like his friend he was sticky with sweat and was nearly exhausted but still had enough energy left to give his H a wild ride. John had been with a real girl only a month ago but it certainly seemed like longer, the encounter had been brief and in no way had worked out all of his pent up sexual frustration. He was the first to strip as his waiting Asian H watched him lustilly. "C'mon Sam, don't get shy on me." he ragged on his friend.

Sam had been examining the blonde's body but suddenly snapped back to reality and began to strip as well. After getting completely nude John smiled at his friend before walking toward the silk draped bed. Sam, horny as hell, didn't even waste time with the OD green undershirt and decided to leave it on. Once her pants had hit the floor she ran a quick hand down her own sweaty athletic stomach and into her green panties. Her gaze darted from the blonde's eyes to his rock-hard member and she gave her clit a few quick vigorous rubs to make sure she was fully aroused and wet enough to go.

John, who'd already gotten into the bed and begun to nibble on the Asian girl's nipples looked over at how worked up his friend was. Had they not been serving together and had there not been a penalty of public lashing for physical relations between military personnel he'd have gladly serviced her himself, but then again he was glad the rules were in place, otherwise he and Sam could not be the type of friends that they were. With physical intimacy completely off the table they could be buddies, and he valued that quite a bit. He watched as the toned blonde girl slid her olive-drab panties down in haste. "Hey Koski," he said, using her surname, "how the hell do you find time to shave? Been meaning to ask you that."

She shrugged and smiled, "I don't you ass. It just never grew down there." Her hairless pubic area was as sweaty as the rest of her body and she wore a huge grin like she usually did when she was about to get laid. Her cheeks were already flushed from arousal so he had no clue whether or not his comment had made her blush.

Corporal John Gilman went back to nibbling and kissing on his Asian h-girl as he watched Sam walk over to the blonde and grab hold of his cock. It was 6.5 inches long and quite thick, just the way she'd programmed him to be. He responded to her stroking with some kisses to her breasts and belly as well as a hand that came up to rub that shiny clitoral hood of hers. Sam threw her head back in pleasure at the touch of the H's fingers rubbing her wet little nub. She hadn't even serviced herself in nearly a week so it was very sensitive.

Over in the bed nearby John kneeled between the pretty asian H's legs. She was fair skinned with a nicely trimmed little bush and bright red lipstick. Nice and quiet and demure like he liked them, just another reason he and Sam wouldn't ever work out even if they were allowed to. The pretty girl rubbed her hands along his nicely toned abs and smiled as she gazed down at his member which by now was very ready for some relief. She cooed as he retracted the foreskin and showed off the throbbing knob at the end of his dick. She reached down and gave it a quick caressing touch. He paused only momentarily to enjoy it before lining it up with her vulva and pushing himself into her wetness. Her gentle little lips parted nicely for his throbbing manhood and her pussy welcomed him into its warm and sloppy wet embrace. John loved it when girls were wet, really wet, so he'd programmed his H to get wet with only a little stimulation. He arched his back and moaned as his knob found the back of her pussy and pushed against it. Sam was watching while her H still rubbed at her clit and kissed her breasts. John didn't see it but she had a wicked smile on her face. He was more concerned with what was happening to his own body at the moment. The Asian girl's pussy was delectably tight but not so much that it was uncomfortable. He laid his body on top of hers and began to grind his penis in and out of her in a slow rhythm. She gasped into his ear with each thrust and he knew it wouldn't take long for her perfectly programmed body to bring him to ecstasy.

Between watching her friend and the stimulation to her clitoris Sam was ready to get down to business. She looked down at the attractive blonde H and he smiled up at her as she grabbed his dick firmly in her right hand and gave it a few jerks up and down. It felt rock hard in her hand and she couldn't take it anymore. She pushed him back into the chair and flung her left leg up over his body and in one quick move lowered her aching pussy over his ample tool. She reached down and grabbed it again and this time felt a drop of precum which she quickly brought up to her mouth and licked with great fervor. His salty sweetness was too much! She needed to fuck! Without bothering to take the time to let herself get used to his girth she sat on his cock with all of her weight and it pushed her firm walls apart as it slid all the way in, eventually finding her cervix at the back.

"Oooh!" she let out a moan of pain/pleasure as his fat dick filled every inch of her sex. She paused for just a moment to savor the feeling before leaning forward and grabbing onto his ankles. She used the leverage to buck her crotch wildly against his impossibly hard member. A member that she'd programmed to be exactly what she liked, it hit every spot that she liked and she knew it wouldn't take long to get her rocks off. John was apparently having a nice time as well, she heard his familiar orgasmic grunting intensifying from the bed nearby.

"You busting already John?" she smiled wickedly as she continued to grind hell-bent into the H's cock. Her face was flushed and she was already gasping so hard that she could barely talk.

"Almost..." he grunted. The Asian girl underneath him was making soft little cooing noises as she felt his dick getting harder by the moment inside of her soft wetness. John continued to grind his member slowly, but firmly, into the lovely H's woman parts. She was taking him in fully and he was grinding his pelvis hard against hers. Sam's eyes couldn't help but shift to John's balls, which she could just see from her vantage point. Her friend's moans intensified and she watched as his scrotum tightened up against his body. She knew what was about to happen. 

John took one last deep breath before burying his member deep in the H's pussy. It responded with a wonderful rippling of vaginal muscles that made the wave of his orgasm crash. He held onto the Asian girl tightly and Sam could hear him gasp as his cock pulsed rope after rope of hot cum deep into the H's snatch.

Watching her friend pump his load into the hot little H had only brought Sam even closer to the climax she wanted so desperately and that had been pent up for way too long.

"Ooh! Ooh!" she began to moan very loudly as the welcome tingle of relief began to spread through her body.

"You too huh?" John snickered, his sweaty body collapsed against the pale girl beneath him.

Sam said nothing. She suddenly sat up, putting her full weight against the H's pelvis. John watched as the firm-bodied Sargent grasped tightly at her own breasts and her eyes rolled back into her head as she ground her pussy furiously into the H's crotch. For just a moment Sam thought she was going to lose consciousness, she gasped and bucked as a massive and long-overdue orgasm wracked her body. It wasn't rhythmic like most, instead her pussy spasmed wildly all over the firm cock. John looked on in amazement, he'd never seen Sam go so wild. Sure, she was normally not one to fuck around when they went after some tail, she usually got straight down to business and took exactly but she wanted, but damn! Despite being incredibly sensitive from his own orgasm not 30 seconds before John couldn't help but grind his still-hard member into the asian girl's sopping wet twat as he watched.

Sam didn't look to be producing nearly as much lubrication as the Asian girl John was currently buried up to the hilt in. She had the grippy kind of pussy from what he could see, the type that produced only a thin veneer of girl juice that was deceptively super slick. The tenderness in his penis slowly subsiding John began to grind just a little harder into his girl's walls as he watched Sam's box gripping the male H's dick so hard that he could see it pull at the now-shiny skin of the shaft every time she bounced up and down on it.

Sam fucked hard straight through her orgasm, or what John thought to be two orgasms. One hard one, then one smaller aftershock. Her cheeks totally flushed and her short blonde hair beginning to show a bit of perspiration she looked over at him and smiled wickedly.

"Holy shit I needed that!" she exclaimed, breathing heavily.

"You're not done are you?" John laughed.

"Hell no." she said, "Just catching my breath as I..." she ground the stiff member inside of her against her G-spot in a slow rhythm and moaned lightly. "As I...enjoy this fucking cock. God damn it feels good!"

John's prick returned to 100% erect as he watched his friend let out a little pleasurable gasp. Was she going to...?

"Mmmmm..." she let out, still grinding slowly onto her partner.

Knowing her well John had assumed she's take a slight breather and go right back to hard fucking but he noticed her dainty ankles trembling as she worked the hard dick she had crammed deep in her gash. John looked down at his own H, she smiled back up at him coyly, bit her lip, and nodded for him to fuck her some more. He didn't need any more encouragement. He matched pace with his friend, withdrawing his penis only an inch or two at a time and then rubbing it hard into the back of his partner's delectably wet pussy. It felt incredible. Almost instantly he began to feel the familiar tightening of his prostate and the tingling sensation of orgasm lapping at the head of his cock. He could hold out though, he wanted to, wanted to wait and let it build into one that would finish emptying his balls completely.

"Oh fuck." he heard Sam utter, "Oh shit I'm going to cum again!"

The words were breathless, not intense like he was used to seeing from his buddy.

"Oooh!" she let a deep womanly moan escape her lips. John looked back to see her mouth open and head tilted back in ecstasy, her legs shaking. Most notably, however, he watched as the firm muscles of her pussy contracted tight on the holographic cock. Motions that soon spread up her torso as her belly muscles spasmed in intense pleasure and her breathing went ragged.

The sight of her tight body being wracked by such a powerful climax, one that nearly caused her arms and legs to give out, caused the tingling in the head of John's manhood to swell to a level which he could barely tolerate. With each thrust he plowed his once-again rock hard hard cock into the Asian girl's crotch at an upward arch, pushing firmly into her swollen G-spot. She was beginning to moan quite a bit at his efforts, she was about to cum again but John that only made it harder to contain himself. After witnessing what Sam had just done with her H he found that it took a massive amount of concentration and some deep belly breathing just to keep his member from exploding into a rapid series of pulsations that would again fill his plaything with hot semen.

He didn't want to cum again, not just yet. It had only been a couple of minutes since the last one and he wanted to watch Sam a little longer. He slowed his thrusting, made each stroke longer but gentler. Sam, now recovering from the Earth-shattering climax she'd just received reached up to her own chest, grabbed a breast tightly and squeezed the nipple, then locked eyes with her old friend John.

She spoke in gasps. "I'm about to fuck this H's brains out John. I wanna watch you do the same to yours. Fuck her hard and cum all over her stomach!"

The man had no desire to let her down. He gave her a head start, knowing that he wouldn't last long. Sam ground down on her toy's cock and began to fuck him relentlessly. The hologram's only response was a series of low moans. After giving his friend a ten second or so advantage John grabbed the Asian girl's hips and began to thrust like mad. The tension that had briefly subsided came back in a torrent. His penis felt like it was on fire with stimulation, he felt like he could feel every little crease and fold inside of his woman's body. His eyes began to roll back in his head and there came the familiar sensation of fluid beginning to collect at the base of his dick, his prostate swelling.

Much to his relief it only took Sam ten or so seconds of hard fucking before she was moaning loudly and gave one last hard buck before bearing down on her H's shaft where her tight pussy no doubt was doing its best to squeeze him out. That was it, John couldn't hold back any longer, just as Sam looked up at him again he grasped the base of his penis, withdrew it from the wet vagina that it had been soaking in, and pressed the tingling underside of it against the girl's belly. He felt the hot rush of semen surging from balls to base, then eyes locked with his sexy friend, moaned as he felt it rush up his shaft. He hadn't continued to stroke his cock, he wanted to give Sam an unobstructed view of his ejaculation. As the first rope of cum erupted from his soaked, throbbing, and purple member John gasped hard at the immense feeling of relief that washed over him. He'd already deposited one very nice creampie into the pussy of his willing plaything and now his best friend, and a rather sexy girl, was watching intently as he shot rope after rope of hot cum all over the pretty Asian belly.

1...2...3...4...5...6...7!

"Wow, pretty good for a second load there Gilman." Sam commented. She smiled and pulled herself up off of the penis she'd been riding so hard.

John felt completely spent. He laid there caressing his hologram for a few minutes while Sam finished up. He nearly got hard again watching the blonde H bend Sam over the chair and take her doggy style, but he was so satisfied he didn't even bother. As it turns out the rest of the session didn't last very long anyway. Rear entry was Sam's built-in trigger that told the H that she wanted to be fucked hard and fast but wanted him to cum inside of her when he began to feel her climax. She had a nice tidy, but not as intense, orgasm and let the hologram finish inside of her. Something she seemed to quite enjoy as she writhed around on his shaft as he did so. With that she reached back and gave him a slap on the ass. He withdrew his holographic cock and a little cum drooled out of Sam's hairless snatch. John watched as she pulled her panties up and the faint appearance of a wet spot began to appear in them almost immediately.

"Gonna want to clean that up?" John laughed, reaching for his own underwear.

"Why bother?" she smirked, "It's going to vanish as soon as we leave the h-space."

John looked down at his own sloppy dick. He'd usually tried to clean up before leaving but she was absolutely right. As soon as they walked through the door he'd be dry as a bone down there.

As John pulled on his shirt and Sam buttoned her trousers she couldn't help but remark. "You know if we could I'd fuck you ten times better than that little Asian bitch right?"

John smiled to himself. "And you know I'd stuff you like a Thanksgiving turkey right?"

"Well then," she said, "something to look forward to once our tours are done." she turned and gave him a wicked smile, "In the meantime I sure as hell don't mind watching you."

"Same here." he gave her a playful but chummy smack on the ass and motioned for her to exit.