 As we began packing up my grandfather's things after the funeral I looked at his old bottle collection on the top of the mantle over the fire. For years he had collected all the obscure glass bottles from soft drinks and beers from around the country and world when he travelled. Some went back as far as WWII and while most would see them as junk I saw them as a link to the past. I had such fond memories of sitting on his lap looking at them or when he would hold me as a kid and show me each of them telling me where they came from. Yes, I was going to keep them, knowing no one else in the family would want them. 

A few weeks later as I was opening the boxes and placing the bottle in the cabinet I found at an old thrift store, a nice china cabinet I got for a steal that had track lighting for each shelf and would display each. Yeah it was slightly tacky but at the same time it was nostalgic, I just wanted to keep them on display. I dusted each bottle off and began placing them on the shelf in the order I knew that I wanted them in. 

About halfway through I came to a bottle that I remembered my grandfather saying he had gotten in Europe during WWII, I think if I remember correctly it was a bottle of soda from over there. I took the cloth and began to rub slowly careful to not damage the old glass at all. I wanted to see if there was any residual smell from the small amount of liquid still inside, this bottle was odd with a little cork at the end. As I slowly worked the cork out of the black glass a sudden puff of smoke that seeped out. At the time I thought maybe it was dust that had collected inside but that didn't seem plausible. Although smoke didn't seem likely either, but either way I sat there and then heard a voice behind me.

"Thank you Master, for freeing me from that infernal bottle," the voice said. 

Spinning around slowly, afraid maybe I was having some hallucination from the fumes from the bottle I saw the most stunning woman, probably 5'4", about 120 pounds, a very pronounced chest with a thin waist and well we will get to the rest. The woman was wearing, and yes as cheesy as this sounds I swear I had to stifle a laugh, the outfit from "I Dream of Genie". The little harem outfit and I must say she looked stunning, as best I could tell there was no bra or panties...come on guys and girls you all know that would be the first thing you'd peek for too. She spun around to look about the room and yes, no panties was confirmed, that sexy little ass was peeking through and I'd be lying if I said that I wasn't immediately getting hard and thinking about sliding those pants off and seeing her naked minus the outfit. 

"Perhaps in good time Master," the woman stated, "but first we need to establish the rules and work out the agreement between us. You must be given all the parameters of owning a genie and how this all works, limitations and what is now going to happen." 

"Is this a dream?" I asked her.

"Not at all Master," she replied, "what it is Sir is a dream come true, every man or woman at some point and time wishes that they had a genie to grant all their wishes to have someone that could fulfill those and make everything a reality. Now I will first tell you the limits. Nothing illegal. No minors, no killing." 

She stated this and then stood there in front of me looking all sexy, "Ok, so three wishes and no minors and no killing," I responded. 

"Well the three wishes thing is made up Sir, she began, and that was a lie told to a few men in order to maintain a semblance of power over them. To make them really consider their wishes and to dissuade an abuse of our power. It was done in hopes to prevent people wishing for more and to keep us from ever being free. Now granting that, we may not leave the protection of our bottles or lamps as it may be but the world contained within let's say can be quite gratifying."

I sat there smiling at her. "I have so many questions, first what should I call you Genie or do you have another name?"

"Genie is fine Master or I will answer to any name you choose to give me, I've always been partial to Samantha sir," she told me with a twinkle in her eye. 

"Well as far as carnal lusts we will see what may come, but I wonder what all powers you may possibly be able to give or what abilities you have to sway the minds and hearts of others."

"Master," she began," I have no limitations all those that you have seen placed by the genies in movies and on tv are imaginary. If you desire any power such as telepathy, reading minds, levitation, teleportation, immortality, wealth; or if you choose to have one love you then they will. If you desire their bodies they will willingly give them to if it is a wish that you asked me to grant. The limitations are only what you impose on yourself." 

"Master, let me tell you, the history before you indulge yourself in any lusts or begin with wishes. It is not our nature to guide our Master's at all but I have a good feeling about you sir. The best way to remain happy isn't all the wealth in the world, or extreme indulgences, the best way is a modest amount. In today's times I'd say roughly 300 million dollars to start with. A lot yes, but still allows you mainly to stay under the radar of the vast majority. It can be done legally such as with an invention, or wish. Plus don't forget that I can provide anything you may wish for. 

Also there is the homes, cars, fame and fortune that everyone always wishes for. Now in regards to all of this of course I want you to be happy, I'm just warning you of the pitfalls. Some fame and accolades by all means may be alright but make sure you limit it to things that can always be trumped later by someone else. Some men have not been able to control that wish over the years, they wanted to be the very best in their sport or area and gain so much accolades and fame that it makes it nearly impossible to fade off into the peaceful life once they no longer wished to be on top. 

Now as to all the other probable wishes, you may wish to look different, change physical attributes, you can with my help change things in the past that may have gone wrong. Or you may wish for health, also while you can affect things in the world you want to be careful. Now if I may offer one last piece of advice. There is something I want to help you with for humanities sake."

Samantha gave pause as I sat there soaking this all in. "What would that be genie?" I asked.

"Cancer, while I have been trapped in that bottle for nearly 100 years, and prior to that another bottle for about three hundred years I am able to monitor the happenings in the world. I really want to help provide the cure for cancer. Now seeing as you have no medical history we can just help by making this happen with a doctor who is working on the cure right now. It won't be anything more than giving him the knowledge."

"Samantha, I think that's terrific, you and I will get along greatly I think. So I must ask, while I'm not ready to delve into attacking you just yet I'm dying to know if I may interact with you at some point." I asked her. 

"Oh Master, I've told you the only limitations are the ones you place on yourself, no other man has asked, mainly because they are too concerned with the normal lusts of the ones they have already coveted or gaining power, and also that three wish stipulation put on them. They don't want to waste a wish of someone that will go poof once they have reached their limit." With a nod of her head her clothes were gone and there before me stood this gorgeous woman naked, with a twinkle in her eye that I have to admit quickly brought me hard in my pants. 

"Whoa there Samantha, " I said with a smile, "Eventually I promise you I will wish for your consent and playtime but for right now let's get the other important things out of the way. Can others see and hear you? How can I keep you with me at all times so that you're always nearby? How do I keep your secret safe so that no one else ever tries to take you?"

Samantha sauntered over and sat on my lap, with a nod, and I must say I was both thankful and disappointed at the same time; she nodded so that her outfit was back in place on her body. "Master, anytime you're ready this genie is so ready for some physical fun. If you wish me to be invisible and only audible to you then that's how it will be until you wish otherwise. You can wish me to be small and compact and I can sit in your pocket or if I'm invisible to everyone else I can just travel with you, or a combination of both. Now as for the last one, well you can make sure that my bottle is always safe and secure in the cabinet or place it in a safe so it may be stolen. The only way I can be taken is if you give me away or if someone takes the bottle, if it is broken I must be given a new bottle or lamp immediately to replace this one. Which if you choose, I would never be against, that bottle has pretty much worn out its comfort level."

I sat there thinking with this little vixen perched on my lap. I looked at her and figured what the hell and gave her a small kiss, yes, one on the lips. Letting my hand go around her and capture her tight little bum, squeezing it lightly to just make sure she was real. Samantha gave a small squeal of pleasure and then she hopped up.

"Master," she began, "Let's try out your new powers and see what you wish for, rapid fire if you choose or you can take them slowly." 

"Samantha, I've already thought of several things I'd like to wish for. First, I'd like to be able to read the thoughts of others with the filter that I can turn others thoughts off if I don't wish to know what they are thinking. Basically, I just want to be able to eaves drop on thoughts when I desire not on all the time." 

"Very, very good Master, I like that you've limited the parameters and thought ahead about all the mental garble you might encompass with a dumb wish. That is often how a genie is able to find freedom from their Master. Using that first wish to give them absolute power in whatever they wish for and then forcing them to use their next wish to get rid of the first. Saving the final wish to be used smartly," Samantha told me. 

"Thank you my dear, now for my second wish I'd like the ability to control the image of my body. I can choose how muscular I want to be, maybe add a few inches in height, also weight and," I looked down sheepishly, "I'd like to be able to control the size of my um, male appendage."

Samantha took a seat on my lap again, "Well, Master, if I may say," she gave a slight wiggle, trapping my erection between those taunt ass cheeks, "I think that Master's size is already very impressive but your wish is my command." 

I lifted Samantha off my lap and stood up; I walked to the bathroom with her close in tow behind me to look in the mirror. Now I must admit I'm slightly vain and already thought I looked decent but was ready for improvements, I wanted to look closer to how I had in college. I closed my eyes and imagined myself three inches taller than I already was, with slightly more muscle and yes, a six pack of abs. I knew Samantha was watching and yet didn't care as I dropped my shorts, looking down, I wished for my cock to be 9 inches long while limp, with a bit more girth making it 6 inches around. Thinking to myself that when it was hard for now it should grow to 11 and ¾ inches. Hey who needs a foot of cock? That's just greedy. 

Samantha smiled softly at me as I looked back at her, "Master, pull those shorts back up or I'm afraid the only way you'll keep me off you is to wish me to be unable to physically touch you at all." 

I slowly tugged my shorts up, lingering just long enough to watch Samantha lick her lips. "I want to be able to use the power of persuasion over others." 

"As you wish so it shall be done Master."

Samantha couldn't know but I had lost my wife about a year earlier to cancer so her earlier plea to be able to help mankind had touched a soft spot. Our three children were either in or had graduated college by now. We'll just say I was in my Forties and wondered if she could make me a little younger. You know not much say shave ten years off. Or maybe she'd be able to bring my wife back, although the thought of how that could go wrong gave me the chills, would she be a zombie and how would we explain it to the kids. As if reading my thoughts...and I definitely suspected she could, Samantha chimed in. 

"Oh I could do that, but it takes a special kind of magic that is very rarely used. I can do it, but unfortunately it can't be permanent, and I'm sorry to say can only last for about seven days, and only once. "

I sat there thinking about it. First I would like to accomplish all the goals I had and then set us up, then I'd be able to bring her back for a short time and nothing involved but our lust and love for each other. Or maybe I'd save it for when one of our girls got married, or our son graduated college. That way she could be there to see it, oh oh oh, or if I could work it out and do things right, perhaps we could figure out a way to transfer memory and clone her, figure out a way to cancel the cancer completely this time around. The possibilities were endless and I would take as long as it needed to do this just right. But first there were other fun things to do. I hadn't been with a woman since my wife's death, sure there had been some offers, some sympathy sex that had been discussed, friends with benefits and all of that but ; I just hadn't been able to do it. I hadn't even been able to masturbate with any real level of pleasure since her death, sure I had gotten off probably once a week, but not ever to the limit of joy I had even received from solo sex while she had been alive.

I decided that maybe it was time to explore the more intimate possibilities of having a genie at my beck and call for the moment; I was sure that by now it could be well deserved. Still having a few questions I had to ask Samantha before I could process anything else. 

"So my dear why else is it that genies have never revealed this hidden bit about multiple wishes? Also why now do you choose to reveal it?"

"Master," Samantha said kneeling down in front of me, "often we don't wish to be held down to one Master for that long, preferring to be given away as we request or taking a sabbatical in our bottle, lamp or container. Before I answer the last question I'll tell you that there are only a very small handful of us left. The vast majority long ago forgotten somewhere buried, or they were finally released by either their Master or the creator from service. Now as to why I choose to reveal the secret, well to be quite plain Sir, I've been in the bottle for so long, hoping that your grandfather would pop that cork and set me free, but as I watched you grow up and continue to visit I knew you were a good guy, I watched your wife and children as well and relished your visits and when you would stand there looking over all the bottles just hoping one day you would rub the bottle or open it. I was watching when your grandfather passed by the way, you'll be happy to know that it wasn't painful at all, he went in his sleep, yes it was a heart attack but he didn't even wake up. But as I started to tell you, I think you can do well, I wouldn't mind spending more than a few days with you knowing that you need some attention after a very long year. "

I smiled softly at her, "So how long has it been since you were allowed carnal pleasure?"

With a giggle Samantha responded, "Besides my own toys and devices I have never been with another person Master. Oh I have watched many, many trysts over the years but not once have I been invited to join or allowed to feel the joy of one on one for just me."

I sat there flabbergasted, how such a beautiful woman could have gone probably centuries without being made love too... without haven't at least one of her master's beckon her to their bedroom. This seemed like a cruel injustice that I must immediately right. Taking her face in my hands I pulled her head towards me as I leaned in and kissed her soft lips. I slowly deepened the kiss sliding my tongue over her lips. Deciding that tonight we would both deliver pleasure to one another. Looking into her eyes, "Tonight, this is not my wish, wait let me rephrase that, I will not command you with a wish into my bed, but I would love to have you join me if you desire. We will only do what you want to but I want to explore every inch of you Samantha." 

I watched as a tiny tear trickled down her cheek, "Are you saying that I may come to bed with you tonight just as a woman, not a genie, and that I may have sex with you? And when it's over shall I return to my bottle for the evening?"

I paused, thinking for less than a nanosecond, "Hell no, I mean you will come to my bed, we will have sex as you stated and then you will sleep if you don't mind being wrapped in my arms, possibly woken up for a few more rounds of sex if possible. " 

Samantha, not genie, smiled, she took my hand and led the way back to my bedroom, nodding and making her clothes vanish. I asked her to put them back on with a sheepish grin, or some type of clothing, telling her I wanted to peel them off her very slowly and that was part of the fun. She nodded and now was in a short little skirt and a white blouse, I knew there were no undergarments which didn't bother me at all but I did request a thong, because removing a woman's underwear for the first time was incredibly erotic. The way she has to lift up just slightly to help you telling you it's ok to continue. Or hesitating and making you redouble your efforts as long as she hadn't flat out said no. 

"Oh don't worry Master, there's no chance of the word no entering that room tonight unless the question is do you want to stop." She said with a wink. 

She hopped up on the bed, turning around, wiggling her little tight ass at me as I watched with incredible lust. She had no idea that there was no need to tempt me any more just being there and willing was more than enough. I stepped up behind her and since her hips were level with my face with her up on the bed I reached under her skirt and pulled on the thong, tugging it back, trapping her knees with it. I leaned in and began to kiss up the back of her thighs from that point. Running my fingers slowly up the other thigh before switching sides, blowing a warm breath across her slick center as I traced the soft lips of her sex with my tongue, wanting to drive her mad with lust. It was a long slow process but I hadn't been near a naked woman since my wife passed and I was going to enjoy every second of this. 

Samantha gave a soft squeal, she said she wanted to play too, but I told her that she'd get her turn. There were centuries of things that should have been done to her and I was about to make up for some of that. Slowly I ran my hands up, squeezing her tight ass, spreading the cheeks, kissing my way in and running my tongue over that little pink asshole in front of me. She nearly came off the bed from the sensation, it was good I had a firm grip on her ass or she may have escaped, and I didn't want that yet. 

Flipping Samantha over I lifted her legs and drug the thong over her feet, tossing them across the room, I tugged at the waist of her skirt dragging it off before spreading her legs wide and spreading her wet pussy open. Her clit was already throbbing and engorged as I bent forward and run my tongue from her opening to the clit. I slipped two fingers inside the moist hole only to retrieve one quickly due to her tightness. Then I continued my oral assault until she was clutching the sheets and speaking in tongues. As she began to cum I slipped a wet finger down and traced circles around her tight little asshole, knowing that she wouldn't say no to anything. 
