 Rowan sat on the bed, bouncing his knee impatiently. When the door to his hotel room finally opened, he jumped up, eager. In walked the "escort," a pleasure android from an online service. She was just what Rowan had asked for: extremely androgynous, with muscular arms and delicate facial features. Her hair was cut short, dark and slicked back. The skin was pale, practically blue from bloodlessness. Her lipstick was a deep red, and her eyes were such a dark shade of blue that they looked like pools of ink. The android wore a tight, sleeveless bodysuit. Rowan saw hard nipples poking through the leather. 

"Hello, Rowan," she purred, throwing a bag carefully onto a nearby chair. "My name's Robin." She strode over to Rowan, who could only watch helplessly, feeling himself grow hard just at the sight of her. The android wrapped her arms around his neck, and he shivered. 

"Do you have-" 

"I have everything you requested. Question time is over," Robin pushed him down hard onto the bed. She got something from her bag, and before Rowan could sit up, Robin was on top of him, pressing his arms back down. She tied his wrists to the bedpost with leather straps. Grinning, Robin did the same thing to his feet. Rowan struggled cosmetically, pulling and kicking at the restraints, finding that even if he had wanted to free himself, he probably wouldn't be able to. This only excited him more. He felt his cock pressing against his jeans uncomfortably. Robin saw, too. She grinned even wider. 

"Someone's eager to get started. So impatient," Robin wagged a finger at him. "You'll have to learn to be patient." 

"Take off your clothes," Rowan said, but it was more of a question. Will you please take off your clothes so I can see you? 

"Hmm... I have a better idea." She crawled across the bed on all fours, like a slinking cat on the hunt. Rowan wanted to grab her, touch her, feel her, but all he could do was pull uselessly on his restraints. His feeble efforts made Robin laugh. Then she jumped on top of him, straddling his waist. With strong hands, Robin ripped his shirt right down the middle and tossed it to the floor. Then she removed his belt, unzipped his pants, and pulled them down to Rowan's ankles. His underwear suffered the same fate as his shirt-riiiiip, then on the floor they went. The air in the room was cold, but Rowan was sweating. He wanted the android, but she was taunting him. 

"Poor Rowan," she mocked him in a cooing tone. She pinched one of nipples, hard. 

"Ah!" Rowan cried, enjoying the pain. But too quickly, Robin jumped up again and stood at the foot of the bed. 

"Tell me what you want," she purred. 

"I want you to take off your clothes," Rowan said breathlessly. 

"Beg," she leaned forward, tugging gently at the zipper at the front of her bodysuit. She licked her lips again. 

"Please. Please take off your clothes, Robin." 

And finally, slowly, the zipper moved down. Small, pale breasts slipped out from the dark leather, a pale, muscular stomach, a pussy with soft, dark hair, and just behind the pussy, a cock. But not the kind you could ever be born with. This one was modified. It was shaped like anal beads, the largest closest to the base, and becoming smaller and smaller until you reached the tip. Unlike beads, however, this was still a dick. It was fleshy and flaccid, not a neon colored piece of plastic. 

Robin reached into her bag, but before Rowan could see it, she was on the bed, her tongue running the length of his cock. He groaned, flopping back onto the pillows and closing his eyes as Robin licked him with long strokes of her tongue. She teased him by wrapping her lips around the tip only to release it again, refusing to take him inside her mouth. He heard himself saying please over and over again. Until finally, with one final lick, she took his hard cock in her mouth. All of it. Rowan moaned in pleasure as Robin's lips moved up and down, her tongue still working, too, lapping the tip, then the shaft.She started sucking faster, and Rowan was afraid he was going to cum too soon. 

But with the pleasure, came the pain. He felt something press hard into his balls. Rowan screamed in sudden, exquisite agony as the cold pressure took the urge to cum away. He looked down, and saw the glint of metal around his balls. A clamp. His penis was wet and beet red, ready for more. 

Robin twisted one of his balls. Rowan screamed again, the pain shooting through his loins. She twisted harder, and his screams filled the hotel room. He was worried someone from the front desk would barge in on them, he was making so much noise. 

Then Robin was on his chest, pressing her weight into Rowan's lungs.The world went dark as she wrapped a blindfold around him. He couldn't see a thing. Robin shifted herself. Then something covered his mouth. Something warm and soft. 

"Lick," she commanded. Rowan did as he was told, opening his mouth and pressing his tongue blindly into her pussy. He tasted her, licked her clit, pushed his tongue inside her, but Robin made no noise. Then she moved again, so quickly that Rowan's tongue was still hanging out of his mouth. He felt something slip inside him, and realized it was her uniquely shaped penis. 

"Suck," she told him, and he did so. Her cock grew hard as he moved his head back and forth. His mouth filled with her dick. Then she grabbed his hair and pulled his face forward. Tears welled up in Rowan's eyes as she face-fucked him, shoving her cock down his throat until he gagged. The bead shapes popped in and out of his mouth noisily. 

"You want me to fuck you, Rowan? You want me to fuck your ass?" He tried to nod, but could barely move against the deep thrusts of her hips. She took her dick out of his mouth so he could answer. 

"YES!" Rowan begged. He felt her push his legs as far apart as she could. She leaned forward, and slipped Rowan's cock inside of her. He groaned uncontrollably, and as she began riding him, her cock pressed into his ass. The movement made Rowan painfully aware of the clamps still on his balls. With a flexibility no normal dick would have, she went inside of him while he was inside of her. One bead shape moved inside of him, then another, and another, until Robin's cock went deep inside of him. At the same time, Rowan moved deeper into Robin, her body bouncing above him. He wanted to grab her breasts. He imagined sucking on them, of grabbing her and holding her. He wished he could see her. The thought only enhanced his pleasure. Her bead-shaped cock moved fast, pounding his ass while riding Rowan at the same time. 

"I want to cum!" Rowan cried out in the darkness. 

"Not yet," Robin panted. "Wait..." 

Rowan bit his lip, fighting the urge to cum inside her pussy. It felt like his dick was going to explode. 

"Now," she breathed, and Rowan obeyed. Easily. Hot cum spilled from him, and Rowan cried out, writhing uncontrollably beneath Robin's body. He came so hard he thought he blacked out for a moment, but it could've just been the blindfold. 

After a few minutes, Robin removed the blindfold. 

"That was...perfect." Rowan panted, smiling. 

"Good." Robin said, smiling. She'd barely broken a sweat. 

"Um. You can untie me now. I'd like to take a shower." 

"Oh, no, Rowan!" Robin shook her head. "You paid for the night." Her grin was wicked, cruel, beautiful. "We're just getting started."