 Spoiler Tags: Futanari, Wolf Girl, Dryad, Monster Girl, Futa on Female, Futa, First Time, Femdom, Romance 

***** 

The forest was sullen, quiet with an undercurrent of fear. The creatures sensed the nearness of a leashed huntress, staring from behind an iron facade of more civilized flesh. The moon peeked above the top of the trees, illuminating the glade in which I stood. Bathing me in Luna's light. 

I drew a cooling breath deep into my lungs, a pleasant contrast to the heated anticipation that swam in my stomach. My tail was still, it's fluffy grey hair flattened so as to not impede me during any forest exertions, allowing me to slip through grasping branches with ease if I desired it. My paws dug bored little furrows into the grass and dirt. 

Waiting. 

My tufted ears sat on the top of my brunette tangle of hair that was currently pulled into a ponytail. They flicked, swiveling toward the mulch path that led back to the village. Like radar dishes, my ears honed in on the dull crunching, the first hint of my guests arrival. A floral scent followed shortly thereafter, drifting here by a small breeze, confirming her identity. I folded my heavily furred forearms across my chest, just underneath my breasts, black claws tapping against my forearm, a subtle outlet for the tense desire that threatened to crack my cool veneer. 

"Keela, why'd you ask me out here so late?" Her voice was as soft as her skin, colored as it was with an exotic accent. Laced with annoyance, her words held a hint of excitement. 

Although that may just be foolish hopefulness on my part. 

"Wendy, you look lovely tonight," I complimented her honestly. 

She wore a finely woven skirt of verdant greenery that complemented her paler green skin. Pink lilies worked as color accents where the skirt transitioned into a single shouldered top that contained her breasts. Her hair was the brown of fresh healthy turned earth, falling to her shoulders while framing a cherubic face that hid an unexpectedly sharp wit. Her nails were painted a clean white and her hair looked damp. My eyes flashed with hunger at the small signs that she'd taken her time to prepare for this meeting, making herself even more stunning than her usual enchanting visage. As I took my time cataloging her lovely form, Wendy grew impatient. 

"If you don't tell me what this is all about I'll just leave," she threatened, cocking her hip to the side and tapping her toe. 

"You know why I called you here." My voice rumbled with an anticipatory growl that I couldn't prevent. 

"Obviously I don't or I wouldn't have asked? Sheesh, you were suitably mysterious on the note. Glade. Seven thirty. Really? That's all?" 

"Please," I scoffed. "I've seen the looks you sent my way when you thought I wasn't looking. It's time to pay up sweety." The growl grew more pronounced. My tail swished behind me in a clear sign of my happiness. 

"What looks?" she asked around a nervous swallow, her demeanor turning on its head. 

"Don't play coy now. Every day at your diner, you watched me from the shadows. I said nothing, but I noticed your interest. Finally I could take it no longer and left my note." My paws forced me to take halting steps toward her. The excitement in her eyes intensified and I couldn't stop my tongue from lolling out my mouth in a pant. 

I couldn't stop myself. Releasing the floodgates, I let Luna's strength inundate my body, the moonlight suffusing my bones with impossible strength. A trickle of smoke leaked from the side of my mouth, a hungry grin revealing my sharp canines. 

"Felwolf," she whispered in astonishment. 

Shaking my head, my eyes were backlit with a red glow. "Yes," I answered her silent question. "On this, Luna's ascendent night, I request your presence in my hunt." My voice startled her from her musings. 

"What?" 

Only ten feet separated her tender body from my clutches. Even that vanishing under each of my ponderous steps. Her confusion made me pause, forcing away the instincts for her sake. "You are familiar with the courtship rituals of my people, right?" I asked in a voice that lacked the previous rumble. 

"I think so..." she said. 

I could smell the excited fear and anticipatory arousal flow through her body much like my own. "Then what do you have to say." 

"...Yes." Thin, but confident, her words were borne to my ears by the air, placed there by Luna's encompassing grace. Her hands threaded nervously through the pleats of her skirt. 

"Then you know what you have to do." My words were a plea that fell just short of a whine. 

Locking eyes, her blue orbs sparkled with the primal fear of prey just before the hunt. She nodded and, without a word, turned and fled from the glade, her feet slapping the grass, leaving not a trace, her sumptuous calves propelling her into the forest. 

I whispered my final parting words before the chase began in earnest. "Run well Wendy." 

Impossibly the forest around me bore her response back to me. "Chase better Keela." She spared a cheeky wink at me over her shoulder before disappearing entirely. Her cheekiness made me grin. 

After waiting the customary twelve minutes, I cracked my knuckles. Luna's light bid me to run and I would no longer deny my instincts. Filling my everything with her scent, I released the breaks on my limbs, surrendering to the call. Earth, root and brush disappeared with equal ease beneath my feet, her scent drawing me ever onward. She was clever, familiar with the forest, utilizing all the foxy tricks she could conceive. Backtracking, hiding her spoor in the river, circling round, false trails, she threw every tool in her toolbox at me and it availed her not. The essence of her being and Luna's light was my everything, claws shredding the ground with each bounding step, slaying the distance that separated us. 

Then she did something I did not expect. Her scent vanished. The trail going cold before my nose. Whimpering brokenly, my tail fell limp, fear striking the strength from my limbs, making my arms tremble, even with my moon-soaked heart. 

Did she double back... Was this a false trail? 

Snuffling around on all fours, I found no trace of where she could have gone. I stood, looking cautiously around at the silent forest, a thousand invisible eyes that judged me for my failure. 

Luna, just give me a sign... 

My hand landed absently on the tree next to me, supporting me as I leaned against it. Closing my eyes, I focused every fiber of my being on my nose and the scents it was providing. 

As such, I almost missed the sensation of the tree beneath my hand shivering. I stared at it speculatively and ran my claws along the rough bark. The tree shook once more and everything became quite clear. 

Clever girl. 

"Found you," I whispered to the tree. 

The forest remained silent and there was no further movement from the leafy hiding place of my future girlfriend. 

Oh. So its games you wish to play? 

I howled playfully. The sound echoed off the trees, seemingly bouncing off my goddess Luna, filling the world with my relief and joy. I pressed my naked flesh up against the surprisingly smooth and pliable bark of the tree, my plump nipples singing my desire as I ground my feverish flesh into her hiding spot. The tree began to vibrate steadily, settling into a rhythm that I could recognize as excited breathing. Her scent of flowers and seasonings flowed around us as her magic swirled around in half felt, half heard, whispers. My sweet Wendy materializing in my arms and my happiness soared. 

"Found you," I whispered hotly into her flesh, unable to stop my tongue from parting my lips and falling upon her skin. It was heaven. Her earthy taste filled my palate while I painted her skin with eager licks that made her dissolve into giggling fits. 

"Keela- Keela- Stop! Stop it," she said between peels of laughter. 

I didn't like that. Not one bit. "No. You're mine Wendy. I caught you and now you're mine." I growled into her throat and resumed my licking. 

Reaching behind my shoulder's, she pulled me tight to her. I continued to grind my pelvis into her thigh, the arousal of my pussy leaving a wet trail as my dick began to emerge from its sheath. I continued to lick her without a hint of propriety or any sign 

"That's fine honey. I'm yours, just stop- Stop licking me." She gave me a flick on the tip of my nose and my eyes crossed. 

Fine. 

Undeterred, I began to nip at her flesh. Sucking her earlobe into my mouth, I teased it with my teeth. My hands grasped her ass, hauling her up with ease as I forced her higher and more forcefully into the tree she'd used as her hiding place. Her giggles devolved into moans as she freed a hand, using it to delve into the valley between our breasts, finding my emerging shaft, she encouraged it with a couple strokes of her dainty hands. My growl rumbled into her chest as I buried my nose there, causing our breasts to bounce with the force of it. Groaning, the scent of her arousal intensified as she surrendered to my unintentional stimulation. My wild teeth found one of her succulent nipples and I couldn't help but roughing the poor thing up a bit, pinching and rolling it with first my teeth, and then soothing it with my lips. The barest hint of sulfur joined our mix of smells, smoke curling from my nostrils, trickling down to swirl amongst her navel and nethers, the fire in my belly roaring with the intensity of my excitement. Hunching over me, she continued stroking my cock, its red length spitting copious pre, making her efforts so much more effective. The forest around us was no longer silent, instead it watched, observing the union, tension building as we approached the culmination. 

Shimmying her hips, she wiggled until the tip of my cock poked against her plump entrance, threatening to split her flesh and slide inside. Gasping at the sensation, I released one buttock, reaching up to cradle her chin in a fuzzy palm. Feverish, she met my eyes, affection shining between us. My final unasked question faded; she'd chosen this path willfully and knew what awaited her. Gracefully, I let her weight descend, proud muscles controlling and guiding her path. Tilting my hips, I aligned our sexes just so, and I slipped into her molten core. With a hiss like escaping steam, Wendy adjusted to my presence inside her. Curling a hand up behind her back, I took her neck in my grasp, preventing any desertion, keeping our eyes locked together. Her hair was beautiful, a halo of Luna's light lending her an ethereality that stole the breath from my lungs. Not one to be passive, Wendy clung to my shoulders, wrapping her legs around the small of my back, hooking her ankles she tightened, forcing me ever deeper into her silken pussy, which trembled around me with the joy of penetration. My own pussy dripped sullen juices onto the ground and my thighs, weeping at its abandonment. I began to steadily thrust, sinking myself into her with ever increasing vigor. 

"Mine. Mine. Mine," I growled into her ear, over and over again, punctuating every thrust. 

"Yours. Yours. Yours," she agreed, her mouth hung open wantonly as she tried to control her sensations. 

Now is not the time for control. 

Leaning down, I took a wobbling nipple in my teeth. It welcomed me gleefully, sending a splash of pleasure racing through her nervous system, forcing Wendy into her first tremulous orgasm. 

The first of many if I had my way. 

I stopped my thrusting, giving her time to find a bit of composure before returning to the hunt. Before I could start again, a breathless Wendy leaned in close, her breasts mashed just above mine, our two bodies coming together into a single joyful couple. 

"You know what else?" she asked rhetorically, her breath teasing my fluffy ears, laying her chin on my head. "Your mine too." 

A vine I hadn't noticed had managed to creep between my legs and, at Wendy's, direction instantly extended upward, burrowing into my well lubricated pussy, plumbing my depth for pleasure. 

A whimpery growl escaped my lips, my entire body tensing from the sensations that were currently assaulting my body. 

"Shhhh," she murmured into my ears, half comforting, half playful. Arms encircled my head and drew me deeper into her bosom. Cocking her hips, she half withdrew my dick, the wet shaft gleaming in the forest air, before easing me back into her pussy, sighing in satisfaction. The shaft currently invading my body matched Wendy's same slow pace. Under Luna's light, I regained my strength and sought once more to control this ambitious and greedy flower. My claws gleamed, scoring four deep cuts the tree behind her until they caught, providing me the necessary anchor I used to thrust forward, sandwiching the poor dryad, my pelvis slapping against her as deep into her as it could possibly go. The vine paused, Wendy groaning as my dick squelched lewdly into her pussy. My sheath strained as my knot forced its way out of my body, conjured by the wanton sexuality of the nymph that tormented my senses. I growled as the ball of sensitive flesh brushed up against Wendy's sex, glancing against her sex. Her eyes were wide with astonishment as my dick displayed its full capacity. 

"That's mine. Give it to me," she said authoritatively. 

The greedy little minx. 

We worked together, me flexing forward while her heels dug into the small of my back. Two pussies wept with bliss, one stretched, abused flesh straining, while the other easily accepted the staccato thrusts of a purple green vine. 

"Gaia's tits!" Wendy swore, tilting her head back, embracing the pleasure so sharp it bordered on pain. With one powerful, grinding stroke, our bodies came together, her pussy widened fractionally and I slid fully inside with a thump. Flesh ached between Wendy's thighs as our desperation finally paid off. A choked scream was strangled in my neck, her face flush at the impossible fullness that conquered her being. The vine pushed hard, growing knotted as it pushed further and deeper. That final bit was the last piece I needed to push me over the edge into release. 

My ears folded flat as I gazed up at Luna, a howl of victory bubbling out of my throat, announcing to all what had happened here this night. My seed splashed into her core, hot enough to border on scalding, basting Wendy's tender tunnel. 

The pooling sensation inside her sent Wendy into a second, more profound, orgasm. Her body trembled and shook, ecstasy washing over her. Biological imperatives swam in her veins, forced there by the seed in her snatch as she surrendered to the conquering of her body. Bonelessly, she melted into my embrace, floating in a realm of relaxation only attainable by intense sexual bliss. Her hair stirred as if alive. It's tendrils reaching out and caressing my face, attentively clearing away the sweat of exertion. Then something magical happened, beautiful, full-bodied moon flowers bloomed across her hair, filling the forest with their sweet scent and pale alluring petals. 

My fingers touched one of their petals with wonder, the white skin soft beyond belief. Wendy stirred in my arms, returning from wherever she'd briefly gone. 

"That was-" she started. 

"Something special," I finished, looking up and chasing her lips. Capturing them in a deep kiss, our tongues danced between our mouths. Our hips were still locked together, my knot preventing any premature separation as my seed cooled inside her pussy. My own pussy's released dried in pale white stains along my thighs. 

Releasing her kiss, she smiled demurely, pulling some of her gorgeous hair out of her eyes, securing it behind her ear. Catching the hand, I pulled it to my lips, teasingly licking the flesh of a palm for a moment. Her giggles were sweet and precious as they rained down into my ears. 

Shifting her hips a little she grimaced, her sore flesh only now protesting her debauched actions. Grunting in pain, her fingers clutched at my back. "I think my reach may have exceeded my grasp." 

"Nonsense," I murmured into her skin. "Your reach is exactly long enough. You caught me, didn't you?" 

"Technically it was you who caught me. Speaking of which, did you have a good chase?" 

"The best. You almost stifled me with that disappearing into the tree trick. Didn't know you could do that." 

"It's not something we advertise." She idly ran a hand through my hair, nails scratching at my scalp in a satisfying manner. 

My tail swished happily through the air. Smiling, I cuddled closer to the warm body of my new girlfriend. "I'll keep your secret," I said softly but solemnly. 

She laughed and continued to massage my scalp. "I know you will. You're nothing but a big softie aren't you. 

I would've argued but her fingers found this spot on my temple that felt soo good. My leg wobbled against the ground involuntarily for as long as she maintained her scratching, threatening to topple us onto the ground. 

"Who's a good girl?" she whispered teasingly. 

Despite what my tail said, I couldn't let such indignity go unpunished and I lapped at her sternum, my long flat tongue teasing the edge of her breasts. Her breathing hitched. I laid my chin on the wet spot, staring up at her tired but content eyes with leonine satisfaction. She patted my hair between my ears and I settled once more, complacently leaning her up against the tree, perfectly comfortable tied to her while we bathed in Luna's light. 

"Ummm... Keela?" Wendy asked, broaching the tranquil quiet with unnecessary words. 

"Yes?" I grumbled, unhappy with the intrusion into our peaceful reverie. 

"How long should I expect us to stay like this?" 

"Forever," I whispered gleefully. 

"Not together," she laughed. "But together, together." She clarified her statement by wiggling her hips, drawing attention to where my still turgid dick was plugging her pussy. 

I pursed my lips and licked between her breasts again, providing me with another round of wondrous giggles. 

"That's not an answer," she said after reclaiming her breath. 

"Does it bother you?" I asked in a small vulnerable voice. 

"No, Keela, of course not. It's part of you and I love it, I was just wondering about what time frame we're looking at." 

My tail wagged at her acceptance. "It shouldn't be too long. Maybe another ten minutes or so." 

"That's pretty vague. Am I...?Was this...-" 

"You were my first hunt Wendy." 

"Oh Keela," she said, her mouth an O of astonishment. "I didn't know... I would've-" 

"You were lovely and this was perfect. I couldn't imagined a better partner." 

Glittering tears fell down her cheeks and I licked them away. 

Salty and delicious. 

"You weren't so bad yourself, sweetie," she said, her nervous hands returning to my scalp if only to find something to do. 

"That's nice." 

"So we're do we go from here?" 

"First." I wiggled my hips this time. "We... disengage. Then..." I met her sweet caring blue eyes. "Maybe brinner?" 

The End