 Cast of Characters [Note: Spoiler Alert - this includes updates that may ruin some plot points]

Life as a New Hire

By Nut Ranch and FinalStand

Impossible gratitude to Nut Ranch who not only made this list - he made it thrice. Only my ineptitude had kept the first two creations from the light.

As always, the subject matter is my responsibility.

If you like it, it is probably someone else's fault.

Below is a (Mostly) Complete list of Persons in this story, It is broken down into related groupings such as Known Amazon Houses, Amazons with (as yet) unknown House Affiliation, JIKIT, Government personnel, 9 Clans, Family groupings etc. Some of the groupings are a bit loose so be warned.

Amazons routinely go by 1st names, so some have no last name listed.

Question Marks (?) indicate uncertainty of identification.

Amazon/Non Amazon is the default Identification as some Characters have not (yet) been identified as either Full Blood/Poison Blood (Born Amazon,) or Lost Blood/Runner (Recruited into Amazon Society) in the story line. Half Blood is Born of an Amazon Mother and a male from outside of the Amazon Breeding Program

Some have not (yet) been Identified as to which House they belong to or specific positions within Amazon/Havenstone Society.

Specific relationships/positions have been identified where possible.

I hope this helps you keep track.

 Amazon ROYAL HOUSE  (Technically a Dead House) 

Penthesilea: Queen of the Amazons (Amazon Royal House) during the time of the Iliad, Mother of Kwenhamai (AKA Molpadia) disrespected/killed by Ajax and Achilles, Introduced Ch. 31

Antiope: Queen of the Amazon after her sister Penthesilea is killed, (Amazon Royal House) variously described as having married Theseus and abandoning the amazons or been kidnapped by him, later killed by her Niece Molpadia, Introduced Ch. 31

Kwenhamai: The Unconquered (AKA Molpadia) ('Death Song' in the Amazon tongue, Cáel calls her Kwen), daughter of Penthesilea, Princess of the Royal House of the Amazons. Resurrected as part of the Champion's (Ajax) retinue in order to try and restore her mother Penthesilea's Honor after Ajax and Achilles disrespected/killed her. Kwenhamai/Molpadia was later killed by Theseus, Tyrant of Athens after she (Kwenhamai) killed Antiope, the New Queen of the Amazons and Penthesilea's sister, Introduced Ch. 31

House ANAHIT 

Hayden St. John: High Priestess of the Amazons. Mother of Sydney St. John, House Anahit. 1st Named Chapter 1.

Sydney St. John: Mother of Marilyn St. John, Daughter of Hayden St. John, Havenstone S.D., House Anahit 1st Named Chapter 5

Marilynn St. John: Daughter of Sydney St. John. Grand Daughter of Hayden St. John, House Anahit 1st Named Chapter 1.

House ANAT  (Technically a Dead House) 

Artimpasa: Twin Sister of Shammuramat, Once Head of House Anat. Killed by Shammuramat for being selected to lead House Anat over her. Deceased for many centuries, Introduced in CH 28,

Shammuramat: first ever "independent" queen of a nation-state - Assyria, 9th Century BCE. Abandoned the Host after killing her twin sister who was chosen to lead House Anat, another now dead House. Introduced to Cáel as "The Friendless" the by the Amazon Augur Tadêfi after a vison. Referred to as 'Shammy' by Cáel before she accepts Sakuniyas or Saku, Also known as 'Salmu Eretu,' Sērkuēn, and various other names. Traitor to the Host, murderer of her twin sister Artimpasa and under a sentence of death for the murder of her twin sister Artimpasa. Introduced in CH 25, Named in CH 27

House ANDRASTE

Shawnee: Head of House Arinniti, One of the twenty founding bloodlines, 1st Named Chapter 16

Oneida: Shawnee's Junior/Apprentice of House Arinniti, youngest breeding female in House Arinniti, One of the twenty founding bloodlines, 1st Named Chapter 10

Priya Guerrero: House Andraste, S.D./Camp counselor at Camp Sahka Torchlight'. 1st named CH 26

Slayer of Testicles (SoT) #1 & 2: Amazon Full Bloods, Oneida's personal bodyguards, House Arinniti, Nick-Named in Chapter 17

House BHADRA

No currently Identified members 

House BENDIS

Gale: Junior/Apprentice of House Bendis, 1st Named Chapter 17 as Gale, In Chapter 18 as Gael

House COTYTTIA

Daphne Pile: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. Sister of Brielle, Granddaughter of Pamela, House Cotyttia. 1st Named Chapter 1. She, along with Desiree, are the first people Katrina informs that Cáel can speak Amazon. 

Brielle Pile: Works for Olympia Shore. Havenstone Financial Investigative unit, Sister of Daphne, Granddaughter of Pamela, House Cotyttia. 1st Named Chapter 1. She and an unnamed compatriot make a game of ambushing Cáel in the elevator at the start of each day.

Pamela Pile: Retired, Havenstone Executive Services (Most lethal Amazon Assassin of the 20th Century) Cáel's Knife fighting instructor, Grandmother of Daphne and Brielle. House Cotyttia 1st Named Chapter 15. She is Cáel's soul-mate/psychic twin/surrogate Grandmother/Mentor/guardian/slayer of Cáel O'Shea, Cáel Nyilas/Ishara's Grandfather

House CHANDALA BHIKSHUKI 

No currently Identified members 

 House DURGA 

No currently Identified members 

 House EPONA 

Ms. Katrina Love: Head of House Epona, VP of Executive Services. Daughter of Sedona, Caitlyn's sister, Amazon title "'First Bearer of the Sun Spear through the Halls of Night and Death'," (Think Head of KGB, FSB, CIA, MI 5 & 6, GSG 9, Intelligence, Counter Intelligence and Assassination) 1st Named Chapter 1. She is revealed to be sterile, the sister/relative of Desiree & Caitlyn and the Aunt of Loraine, Europa and Aya. With Hayden and Tessa, she created the 'New Directive', though in a stronger format. She remains a close ally and Mentor of Cáel despite some crushing encounters.

Arwen: Katrina's Junior/Apprentice and cousin, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 16

Desiree Fredrickson: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. Technically Half Blood but is Katrina and Caitlyn's maternal half-sister, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 1.

Sedona Love: Daughter of Andromeda. Mother of Katrina Love, House Epona. 1st Named Chapter 1.

Caitlyn Ruger: Mother of Aya, Europa and Loraine. Katrina's sister. House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3, 1st Named Chapter 4

Loraine Ruger: (age 16), Daughter of Caitlyn. House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3

Europa Ruger: (age 13), Daughter of Caitlyn. House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3

Aya Ruger: (age 9), Daughter of Caitlyn. Absolutely devoted to Cáel, Cáel feels the same about her. House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3. Cáel and Aya develop a father-daughter bond. Informally allowed to create her own War band the 'Fatal Squirts' at Summer camp (ch27). Also allowed an "honorific" name. In CH39 Cáel begins calling her Dumu (Duma is the OKH diminutive for 'daughter')

 House HANWASUIT 

Beyoncé Vincennes: Head of House Hanwasuit 1st Named Chapter 1. As of Chapter 5 she becomes a staunch supporter of the New Directive, Katrina and Cáel.

 House HYLONOME 

Hedwig: Head of the Hylonome band attacked by Ajax, (Presumed Deceased?) 1st mentioned in Chapter 34

Aliz Loma: Amazon That abandoned House Hylonome to marry Dr. Arsenije Loma: Mother of Dijana Loma, Vasilije Loma and unnamed son, Aunt of Zola, Sister of Anna (Deceased?) 1st introduced in Chapter 34

Zola: Amazon, House Hylonome, child of Anna (Presumed Deceased), Niece of Aliz, The Hylonome are dedicated Wanderers/Nomadic Amazon, Inconclusive if it was actually Kwen (AKA Kwenhamai/Molpadia/Death Song) that allowed her to escape to warn Cáel and Aliz, 1st Introduced in Chapter 34,

Kara: Amazon, House Hylonome, (Presumed Deceased) Sacrificed herself for Zola, 1st mentioned in Chapter 34

Anna: Sister of Aliz, mother of Zola, (Presumed Deceased) House Hylonome, 1st mentioned in Chapter 34

 House ILLYANKAMUNUS/SZÉLANYA 

Sabrina: Head of House Illuyankamunus, Introduced in CH37

Alkonyka: Real name Ildiko Lovasz, unknowingly member of the "Lost" Amazon House Illuyankamunus, (House of the Dragon) Sister of Angyalka Lovasz, Cáel has sworn to sponsor SzélAnya as Matron Deity the new House SzélAnya, Introduced Ch. 31

Angyalka Lovasz: unknowingly member of the "Lost" Amazon House Illuyankamunus, (House of the Dragon), Sister to Ildiko Lovasz (aka Alkonyka), Cáel has sworn to sponsor SzélAnya as Matron Deity the new House SzélAnya, Introduced Ch. 31

Dr. Arsenije Loma: (Sort of Amazon?) unknowingly a member of House Illuyankamunus through the Male line, Serbian Professor of Eastern European Studies, Father of Dijana Loma, Vasilije Loma and unnamed son, 1st introduced in Chapter 34.

Dijana Loma (Sort of Amazon?) unknowingly a member of House Illuyankamunus Through the her father and/or House Hylonome line through her mother, Daughter of Dr. Arsenije and Aliz Loma, 1st introduced in Chapter 34.

Vasilije Loma: (Sort of Amazon?)unknowingly a member of House Illuyankamunus Through the Male line, Son of Dr. Arsenije Loma, Brother of Dijana Loma, Boyfriend of Hajnalka (NLN) 1st introduced in Chapter 34

Bolu: Male Amazon, (Deceased) House Illuyankamunus/SzélAnya, Along with Vranus, one of the Two Adult Ash men to survive the 2nd Great Betrayal and continue the Legacy of the Male Amazon along with the last 3 Arinniti sons, 1st Mentioned in CH 16, 1st Named in CH 34 Male Amazon, (Deceased) 

House INARA 

Zarana: (age 14) House Inara, Teenager at Camp 'Sahka Torchlight.' Twin sister to Vaski. Initially insults Cáel but learns a valuable lesson. 1st named CH 26

Vaski: (age 14) House Inara, Teenager at Camp 'Sahka Torchlight.' Twin sister to Zaran: (Vaski is also Cáel's Grandmother's name) 1st named CH 26

 House ISHARA 

Cáel Nyilas: A 'New Directive' intern. Of Magyar and Irish Gaelic descent. The Magyar have cultural roots with the Finnish, Turks, and Bulgarians. Grandson of Cáel O'Shea (Deceased/Resurrected Illuminati Leader), Graduated from Bolingbrook College with a Business Major and a Philosophy minor. Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services, 1st Named Chapter 1. He speaks 4 current languages (English, French, Spanish and Russian) and ten dead languages (including Old Kingdom Hittite, which is also the native language of the Amazons) 

He is an oversexed, incredibly fit and morally ambiguous serial dater. His body bears scars from numerous romantic mis-adventures.

Later discovered to be the descendant of Vranus, an "Ash Man" of House Ishara during the 2nd Great Betrayal. Cáel becomes the Head of House Ishara, one of the 1st twenty Houses previously believed to have died out.

His Father is Ferko Nyilas and his Mother is Sibeal O'Shea Nyilas.

Cáel has an Aunt Stella on his father's side. She is a crab-fisherwoman living in Maryland. (Non Amazon) The Isharan House has been passed down through the MALE blood line.

He has 10 (unknown until Chapter 19) O'Shea Aunts and one Uncle. After Ferko's murder, Aunt Stella reveals that Sibeal did not die of cancer and is still alive and in hiding from her family.

Later becomes referred to as Ishara and Wakko Ishara. Aya calls him alternately Daddy, 'Fehér mén' (White Stallion) and Atta (OKH for 'respectful' Father) the term is largely religious and only used in the terms of female divinities referring to divine paternals. NOHIO (Number One House Ishara Official), HCIESI-NDI (Havenstone Commercial Investments Executive Services' Intern - New Directive Initiative), UHAUL - Unpaid Honcho Assigned to Unit L. HIs work with the Great Khan and the Khanate earns him the titles -Prince of Hungary and Transylvania - "Magyarorszag es Erdely Hercege" {Hungarian} - "Prinţul Ungariei şi Transilvaniei" {Romanian}, Royal Prince of Armenia and Georgia - "Prinţul Regal al Armeniei şi Georgiei" {Romanian} - "Armenia és Geoegia Királyi Hercege" {Hungarian}, Royal Prince of Albania - "Albánia Királyi Hercege" {Hungarian} - "Prinţul Regal al Albaniei" {Romanian}

Ferko Nyilas: Cáel's father (deceased Ch 19), technically should have been the Head of House Ishara, Named/1st Named Chapter 19

Buffy Dubois: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. 'Lost Blood' or "Runner" Becomes First new member of House Ishara after Cáel Nyilas and Cáel's Junior/Apprentice. 1st Named Chapter 1. Buffy retains an unsanctioned feud with Elsa. Buffy qualified for the Security Detail, but was denied entry by Elsa because Buffy wasn't a full-blooded Amazon. Becomes known as "Yakko Ishara" within House Ishara in CH 26, also is addresses as the 'First,' 'First' implies a deep, romantic relationship with the Head of House including possessing insight into the Head's mindset

Helena Shultz: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. "Originally Lost Blood" or "Runner" 2nd Person Cáel inducted into House Ishara, upon adoption into House Ishara becomes the Keeper of the House records, 1st Named Chapter 1.

Madori Yalda: Senior of the 'Runners' inducted into House Ishara after Buffy and Helena, First named in Chapter 22

Vranus: House Ishara, one of 2 Warrior Males members of the Amazon Host that were ordered to leave at the end of the 2nd Great Betrayal by House Arinniti, Cáel's multi-great grandfather, 1st Named Chapter 16

Marsha: Amazon 'Runner,' one of the twenty Runners inducted into House Ishara at Ferko's funeral, 1st Named Chapter 20

Wilma Draper: Havenstone Security team (NOT S.D.) Amazon 'Runner' inducted into House Ishara in CH 28, 1st Named Chapter 22

Jenna: Runner inducted to House Ishara, Havenstone Acquisitions, Part of the initial Amazon team assisting the Ninja Clans, 1st named CH 30

 House JAYA 

Charlotte: Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's security detail) Amazon, Dies assisting Cáel in killing Ajax in Romania, House Jaya, 1st Named Chapter 18

Mona: Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's security detail) Amazon, (House Jaya ID'd in CH34)1st Named Chapter 18, (identified as Constanza's foster sister in CH 28)

 House MARDA 

Kohar Marda: Becomes Head of House Marda when Ursula "Went to the Cliffs" after Hayden's final act as High Priestess. 1st named CH 26

Ursula: Former Head of House Marda, 1st Named Chapter 5. Hard-liner. Is killed as a traitor the Amazons by Hayden's last decree

Leona: House Marda, 1st Named Chapter 5. Killed by Hayden for defying the Council's New Directive.

 House MEENAKSHI 

Madi: Head of House Meenakshi, 1st Named Chapter 1.

Rhada: Madi's Apprentice, House Meenakshi, 1st Named Chapter 1. She is the 'apprentice' of Madi, thus her designated successor on the Amazon Council. She also develops a convoluted and socially dangerous sexual relationship with Cáel.

 House MIELIKKI 

Febe: Head of House Mielikki, Introduced in CH38

Caprica Mielikki, Leader of the S.D. group that picked up Cáel on his trip to see Aya at "Camp Sahka Torchlight'. 1st named CH 26

 House DOBRANI 

Messina Dobrani: Head of House Minerva, Fabiola's Mother, 1st Named Chapter 5

Fabiola Dobrani: Havenstone Executive Services (ES), Daughter of Messina, House Minerva 1st Named Chapter 1. Like her mother, Fabiola is a 'hard-liner', believing the Amazons should butcher their old, diseased male population and replace them by kidnapping new males.

 House MOOKAMBIKA 

No currently Identified members 

 House RAJAH 

Naomi: Havenstone S.D.: House Rajah, 1st Named Chapter 12

 House ŠAUŠKA 

Troika: Former head of House Šauška. One of the Head of Houses killed my Hayden's final Act, Formerly Head of Havenstone 'Diplomatic Corps', 1st Named Chapter 19

Konstantina: House Šauška, Havenstone 'Diplomatic Corps', Identified in CH28

 House ŽIVA 

Wiesława: Havenstone S.D., House Živa, 1st Named Chapter 22

 Amazon's Without Identified Houses/Havenstone Employees not already identified 

*****" St. Marie: Marshal of the Amazon Host, Commander of the Security Directorate (S.D.), Amazon Title "Mistress of the Golden Mare," Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 13, Cáel calls her Pony Lady though he is forbidden to call her that by Hayden.

Rachel Louis: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., (Chief of Cáel's security detail) House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Tiger Lily: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's security detail) House? Native American of Shoshone heritage, 1st Named Chapter 18

Velma: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's apartment security detail) House? 1st Named Chapter 19

Sabina: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., Last surviving S.D. member assigned to Ferko Nyilas', Cáel's father. Also the person who ultimately killed him by accident, House? 1st Named Chapter 20

Sophia: Amazon Full Blood, S.D./Senior 'Camp counselor' at Camp 'Sahka Torchlight'. 1st named CH 26

Genève: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., Camp counselor' at Camp 'Sahka Torchlight'. Introduced in CH26, 1st named CH 27. Younger Sister to Rachel (Cáel's SD head of security)

Crewe: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., House? 1st Named Chapter 2.

Aisha: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 7

Stanica: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., House? 1st Named Chapter 12

Felicité: Amazon Full Blood, Havenstone S.D., 1st Named Chapter 22

Krasimira: Amazon title "Keeper of Records" (AKA Amazon Historian/Legal Arbitrator), Amazon Full Blood, House (?), 1st Named Chapter 16

Tessa Carmichael: Head of Havenstone Human Resources (HR). Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1. She is a close ally of Katrina.

Umami Lhasa: Assistant to Tessa Carmichael, Havenstone Human Resources (HR), Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1

Farah Winters: Havenstone Human Resources (HR). Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 14

Rosetta: Amazon Full Blood, a Senior member of Havenstone Executive Services (ES), Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Paula Wadena: Havenstone Executive Services (ES.) Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Violet Maza: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services (ES). Sister of Traska, Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Theresa 'Tigger' Castro: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services (ES). Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Julian Jameson: VP in charge of Acquisition. Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1

Brian Fung: Chinese-American 'New Directive' intern.' Graduated from Harvard. Works for Ms. Julian Jameson, VP in charge of Acquisition. Nick Named 'The Chinchilla' by his co-workers, 1st Named Chapter 1. The 3rd "New Hire" to be relocated and reduced to 'sperm donor' status.

Olympia Shore: head of the Financial Investigative unit (FI). Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Trent Grant: "'New Directive' intern.' Blue blood, Graduated from Carnegie-Melon. Works for Ms. Olympia Shore, head the Financial Investigative unit (FI). 1st Named Chapter 1. It is eventually revealed that Trent lied during the application process, claiming no serious romantic entanglements and not even mentioning his long-term girlfriend, Brooke Lee. He denied her in Katrina's office and volunteered for the Far East Unit - aka washed out, the 2nd "New Hire" to be relocated and reduced to 'sperm donor' status.

Phalli Chandra: VP of International Finance (IF). Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Khalid Adzharia: 'New Directive' intern.' African-American, Graduated from MIT. Works for Ms. Phalli Chandra VP of International Finance (IF). The 1st "New Hire" to be relocated and reduced to 'sperm donor' status 1st Named Chapter 1.

Tia Pharos: VP of Havenstone Business Management (BM). Amazon Full Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1

Felix Melena: "New Directive' intern." Salvadoran-American. Graduated from the University of Michigan - Ann Arbor. Works for Ms. Tia Pharos, VP of Business Management (BM) 1st Named Chapter 1. He later gets into a feud with Cáel, seduces Brooke to get back at him then makes a public display of his deed on the main floor of the Executive Office Department. Cáel challenges him to fight and beats Felix in a matter of seconds due to Felix's overconfidence.
