 Cast of Characters [Note: Spoiler Alert - this includes updates that may ruin some plot points]

Life as a New Hire

Impossible gratitude to Nut Ranch who not only made this list - he made it thrice. Only my ineptitude had kept the first two creations from the light.

As always, the subject matter is my responsibility.

If you like it, it is probably someone else's fault.

Below is a (mostly) complete cast of characters for this series as they appear by Chapter, as of Chapter 25.

Amazons routinely go by 1st names, so some have no last name listed.

Question Marks (?) indicate uncertainty of identification.

Amazon/Non Amazon is the default Identification as some Characters have not (yet) been identified as either Full Blood/Poison Blood (Born Amazon,) or Lost Blood/Runner (Recruited into Amazon Society) in the story line.

Some have not (yet) been Identified as to which House they belong to or specific positions within Amazon/Havenstone Society.

Specific relationships/positions have been identified where possible.

I hope this helps you keep track.

********

Cáel Nyilas: A 'New Directive' intern. Of Magyar and Irish Gaelic descent. The Magyar have cultural roots with the Finnish, Turks, and Bulgarians. Grandson of Cáel O'Shea (Deceased Illuminati Leader), Graduated from Bolingbrook College with a Business Major and a Philosophy minor. Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services, 1st Named Chapter 1. He speaks 4 current languages (English, French, Spanish and Russian) and ten dead languages (including Old Kingdom Hittite, which is also the native language of the Amazons)

He is an oversexed, incredibly fit and morally ambiguous serial dater. His body bears scars from numerous romantic failures.

Later discovered to be the descendant of Vranus, an "Ash Man" of House Ishara during the 2nd Great Betrayal. Leader of one of the 1st twenty Houses previously believed to have died out.

His Father is Ferko Nyilas and his Mother is Sibeal O'Shea Nyilas.

Cáel has an Aunt Stella on his father's side. She is a crab-fisherwoman living in Maryland.

He has numerous (unknown until Chapter 19) O'Shea Aunts and one Uncle. After Ferko's murder, Aunt Stella reveals that Sibeal did not die of cancer and is still alive and in hiding from her family.

Later he refers to himself as Cáel Ishara, Ishara and Wakko Ishara.

***

Brian Fung: Chinese-American 'New Directive' intern.' Graduated from Harvard. Works for Ms. Julian Jameson, VP in charge of Acquisition. 1st Named Chapter 1.

Trent Grant: "'New Directive' intern.' Blue blood, Graduated from Carnegie-Melon. Works for Ms. Olympia Shore, head the Financial Investigative unit. 1st Named Chapter 1. It is eventually revealed that Trent lied during the application process, claiming no serious romantic entanglements and not even mentioning his long-term girlfriend, Brooke Lee. He denied her in Katrina's office and volunteered for the Far East Unit - aka washed out of the program and reduced to 'sperm donor' status.

Khalid Adzharia: 'New Directive' intern.' African-American, Graduated from MIT. Works for Ms. Phalli Chandra VP of International Finance. 1st Named Chapter 1.

Felix Melena: "New Directive' intern." Salvadoran-American. Graduated from the University of Michigan - Ann Arbor. Works for Ms. Tia Pharos, VP of Business Management. 1st Named Chapter 1. He later gets into a feud with Cáel, seduces Brooke to get back at him then makes a public display of his deed on the main floor of the Executive Office Department. Cáel challenges him to fight and beats Felix in a matter of seconds due to Felix's overconfidence.

Ms. Katrina Love: VP of Executive Services. Daughter of Sedona, Caitlyn's sister, Amazon Pure Blood, Head of House Epona, Amazon title "Spear in Night and Death," (Think Head of KGB, CIA, MI 5 & 6, Intelligence, Counter Intelligence and Assassination) 1st Named Chapter 1. She is revealed to be sterile, the sister/relative of Desiree & Caitlyn and the Aunt of Loraine, Europa and Aya. With Hayden and Tessa, she created the 'New Directive', though in a stronger format. She remains a close ally of Cáel despite some crushing encounters.

Tessa Carmichael: Head of Havenstone Human Resources. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1. She is a close ally of Katrina.

Umami Lhasa: Assistant to Tessa Carmichael, Havenstone Human Resources, Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Daphne Pile: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. Sister of Brielle, Granddaughter of Pamela, Amazon Pure Blood, House Cotyttia. 1st Named Chapter 1. She, along with Desiree, are the first people Katrina informs that Cáel can speak Amazon.

Brielle Pile: Works for Olympia Shore. Havenstone Financial Investigative unit, Sister of Daphne, Granddaughter of Pamela, Amazon Pure Blood, House Cotyttia. 1st Named Chapter 1. She and an unnamed compatriot make a game of ambushing Cáel in the elevator at the start of each day.

Dora Cartagena: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services, Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Fabiola Dobrani: Havenstone Executive Services Daughter of Messina, Amazon Pure Blood. House Minerva 1st Named Chapter 1. Like her mother, Fabiola is a 'hard-liner', believing the Amazons should butcher their old, diseased male population and replace them by kidnapping new males.

Paula Wadena: Havenstone Executive Services. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Violet Maza: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. Sister of Traska, Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Theresa 'Tigger' Castro: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Buffy Dubois: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. 'Lost Blood' or "Runner" Becomes First new member of House Ishara after Cáel Nyilas. 1st Named Chapter 1. Buffy retains an unsanctioned feud with Elsa. Buffy qualified for the Security Detail, but was denied entry by Elsa because Buffy wasn't a full-blooded Amazon.

Timothy Denver: Gay body-building, hunk, moderately famous tattoo artist from Queens, Cáel's Roommate. 1st Named Chapter 1. Timothy may be the finest, most understanding roommate who has ever lived.

Marilynn St. John: Daughter of Sydney St. John. Grand Daughter of Hayden St. John, Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Hayden St. John: High Priestess of the Amazons. Mother of Sydney St. John Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Desiree Fredrickson: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. Technically Half Blood but is Katrina and Caitlyn's sister, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 1.

Vienna Rothmore: friend of Marilynn St. John, Non Amazon? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Beyoncé Vincennes: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1. As of Chapter 5 she becomes a staunch supporter of the New Directive, Katrina and Cáel.

Rhada: Madi's Apprentice, Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1. She is the 'apprentice' of Madi, thus her designated successor on the Amazon Council. She also develops a convoluted and socially dangerous sexual relationship with Cáel.

Madi: Amazon Pure Blood, Head of House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Julian Jameson: VP in charge of Acquisition. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Olympia Shore: head of the Financial Investigative unit. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Phalli Chandra: VP of International Finance. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Tia Pharos: VP of Havenstone Business Management. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 1.

Sedona Love: Daughter of Andromeda. Amazon Pure Blood, House Epona. 1st Named Chapter 1.

Dr. Kimberly Geisler: Professor at Bolingbrook College, Cáel's 1st true lover, taught him multiple dead languages, 1st Named Chapter 1. Contrary to some people's perception, Cáel and Kimberly maintained a four year affair. Kimberly ended it when he graduated.

Helena: Works for Katrina Love, VP of Havenstone Executive Services. "Originally Lost Blood" or "Runner" 2nd Person Cáel inducted into House Ishara, 1st Named Chapter 1.

Odette Sievert: Restaurant server, One of Cáel's many conquests/ becomes a roommate, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 1. She eventually becomes one of Cáel's best friends and grounding point. Odette also provides information about Cáel to numerous, scary women.

Crewe: Havenstone S.D., Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 2.

Caitlyn Ruger: Mother of Aya, Europa and Loraine. Katrina's sister. Amazon Pure Blood, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3, 1st Named Chapter 4

Aya Ruger: (age 9), Daughter of Caitlyn. Absolutely devoted to Cáel, Cáel feels the same. Amazon Pure Blood, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3. Cáel and Aya develop something akin to a father-daughter bond.

Europa Ruger: (age 13), Daughter of Caitlyn. Amazon Pure Blood, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3

Loraine Ruger: (age 16), Daughter of Caitlyn. Amazon Pure Blood, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 3

Ms. Ulyssa Reichmann: Aya's Teacher at a private academy, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 3. She is an on again/off again Sunday night hook-up for Cáel.

Astarte: Havenstone employee, Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 3

Nikita Kutuzov: NYPD rookie Cop, One of Cáel's many conquests, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 3. Her mother is a Desk Sargent for the NYPD at the precinct that Marilyn St. James usually ends up at.

Rachel Simpson: Loraine's Teacher at a private academy, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 4

Elsa: Head of Havenstone S.D., Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 4. She is an Amazon Supremist, worships the ground Katrina walks on, and comes to desire Cáel as something besides a breeding male.

Constanza: Elsa's assistant, Havenstone S.D., Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 4. Eventually another Amazon, Pamela, cuts her left eye out for insulting Cáel.

Yasmin Palhavã: Brazilian, Former state criminal inspector, recruited into Havenstone, "Lost Blood or Runner," One of Cáel's conquests, 1st named in Chapter 5

Braulio Palhavã: Yasmin's son, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 4, 1st Named in Chapter 18

Brooke Lee: Trent Grant's fiancé, One of Cáel's many conquests, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 4

Libra Chalmers: One of Cáel's many conquests, Marla's sister, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 4

Marla Chalmers, One of Cáel's many conquests, Libra's sister, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 4

Gene: friend of Libra and Brooke, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 4

Ursula: Amazon Pure Blood, Head of House Marda, 1st Named Chapter 5. Hard-liner.

Messina Dobrani: Amazon Pure Blood, Fabiola's Mother, House leader, House Minerva 1st Named Chapter 5

Sydney St. John: Mother of Marilyn St. John, Daughter of Hayden St. John, Havenstone S.D., Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 5

Leona: Amazon Pure Blood, House Marda, 1st Named Chapter 5. Killed by Hayden for defying the Council's New Directive.

Sabia: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 7

Blythe: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 7

Tegan: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 7

Rosette: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 7

Aisha: Havenstone S.D., Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 7

Traska Maza: Sister of Violet, Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 7. Havenstone Medical Division.

Skylar Montero: NYPD Cop, Nikita's training Officer, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 8

Layla: Physician assistant at Havenstone medical clinic, Probable Cáel conquest, 1st Named Chapter 8, 1st Named Chapter 9

Oneida: Amazon Pure Blood, Shawnee's apprentice, youngest breeding female in House Arinniti, One of the twenty founding bloodlines, 1st Named Chapter 10

Drusilla: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 10

Naomi: Havenstone S.D., Amazon Pure Blood, House Rajah, 1st Named Chapter 12

Stanica: Havenstone S.D., Amazon Pure Blood House? 1st Named Chapter 12

Ngozi: Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 12

Katy Lee Baker: aka Delivery Girl, One of Cáel's many conquests, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 13

Jason: Bar back at the yuppie bar, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 13

Nicole Lawless: Criminal defense lawyer, Lawyer for the Illuminati but doesn't know it. One of Cáel's many conquests, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 13. In Chapter 20 she becomes Cáel's attorney, but has been hired by the O'Shea Aunts.

Zelda, Marsha: Phyllis, and Rivka Feinstein (ADA for New York County,) All friends of Nicole Lawless, probable future Cáel conquests, Non Amazons, 1st Named Chapter 13

'*****" St. Marie: Marshal of the Amazon Host, Amazon Title "Mistress of the Golden Mare," Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 13 aka Pony Lady, though Cáel is forbidden to use it.

Farah Winters: Havenstone Human Resources. Amazon Pure Blood, House? 1st Named Chapter 14

Deena: Cáel's Amazon pool buddy/conquest (?), Sharona's friend (?), Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 14

Sharona: Deena's friend (?) Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 14

Pamela Pile: Retired, Havenstone Executive Services (Most lethal Amazon Assassin of the 20th Century) Cáel's Knife fighting instructor, Grandmother of Daphne and Brielle. Amazon Pure Blood, House Cotyttia 1st Named Chapter 15. She is Cáel's soul-mate/psychic twin/surrogate Grandmother/Mentor/guardian/slayer of Cáel O'Shea, Cáel Nyilas/Ishara's Grandfather

Evie (Bi sexual) and Samantha (Lesbian): girlfriends/lovers, long-time friends of Timothy Denver, Pair of Cáel's many conquests, 1st Named Chapter 15

Arwen: Katrina's apprentice, Amazon Pure Blood, House Epona, 1st Named Chapter 16

Krasimira: Amazon title "Keeper of Records" (AKA Amazon Historian/Legal Arbitrator), Amazon Pure Blood, 1st Named Chapter 16

Shawnee: Amazon Pure Blood, Head of House Arinniti, One of the twenty founding bloodlines, 1st Named Chapter 16

Vranus: House Ishara, one of 2 Warrior/breeding Males members of the Amazon Host that were ordered to leave at the end of the 2nd Great Betrayal by House Arinniti, Cáel's multi-great grandfather, 1st Named Chapter 16

Gale: Amazon Pure Blood, Junior/Apprentice of House Bendis, 1st Named Chapter 17 as Gale, In Chapter 18 as Gael

Mr. Finnes: Cáel's neighbor, REALY hates Cáel because of all the women screaming in orgasm at his apartment, 1st Named Chapter 17

Slayer of Testicles (SoT) #1 & 2: Oneida's personal bodyguards, Nick-Named in Chapter 17

Mr. Cherrie: Lawyer at the same firm as Nicole Lawless, Represents Illuminati interests (?)Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 17

Heather Pulaski: Lawyer at the same firm as Nicole Lawless, Represents Illuminati interests (?) Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 17

Mr. and Mrs. DeYoung: Senior Lawyers at the same firm as Nicole Lawless, Represents Illuminati interests (?)Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 17

Brianna O'Shea: one of Cáel's 10 Aunts, Member of the Illuminati, Daughter of Cáel O'Shea, 1st Named Chapter 17

Cáel O'Shea; Cáel's maternal Grandfather, (Deceased, Killed by Pamela) Former leader of the Illuminati, 1st Named Chapter 17

Bennie: Friend of Jason the bar back, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 18

Rosetta: Senior member of Havenstone Executive Services, Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Rachel Louis; Havenstone S.D., (Chief of Cáel's security detail) Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Tiger Lily: Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's security detail) Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Charlotte: Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's security detail) Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Mona: Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's security detail) Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 18

Deirdre O'Shea: one of Cáel's 10 Aunts, Member of the Illuminati, Daughter of Cáel O'Shea, Sister of Brianna O'Shea, 1st Named Chapter 18

Velma: Havenstone S.D., (Cáel's apartment security detail) Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 19

Troika: Amazon Pure Blood, House Šauška, 1st Named Chapter 19

Theodora Chumwell: FBI Special Agent, Brock Miklos partner, Non-Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 19

Brock Miklos: FBI Special Agent, Theodora Chumwell's partner, 1st Named Chapter 19

John Rios: Special Agent with the ATF, Non-Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 19

Horace Brewster: Burnham PD Investigator, Non-Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 19

Lisa Capella: Chicago PD Homicide Detective. Non-Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 19

Winslow Pratt: Cáel's (very temporary) Lawyer, 1st Named Chapter 19

Esmeralda Carbonne: Amazon Runner, 1st Named Chapter 19

Sibeal (O'Shea) Nyilas: Cáel's Mother (Deceased then not), Daughter of Cáel O'Shea, Sister of Brianna & Deidre O'Shea, 1st Named Chapter 19. Using an unexplored intelligence network to plant Delilah with Odette then Cáel.

Ferko Nyilas: Cáel's father (deceased), technically was the Head of House Ishara, Named/1st Named Chapter 19

Steve McCabe: Desk clerk, Burnham Hotel, Non Amazon

Sabina: Havenstone S.D., Last surviving S.D. member assigned to Ferko Nyilas', Cáel's father. Also the person who ultimately killed him by accident, Amazon, House? 1st Named Chapter 20

Cameron Sanders: Assistant manager Burnham Hotel, Cáel's motivation to start working out when she cruelly rejected him in High School. Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 20 [she'll be back, I promise]

Winchell Sokolowsky: Unknown benefactor for Ferko Nyilas funeral reception, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 20

Marsha: Amazon 'Runner,' one of the twenty Runners inducted into House Ishara at Ferko's funeral, 1st Named Chapter 20

Selena: Member of the 9 Clans, Black Hand assassin, Non amazon, 1st Named Chapter 20

Miyako: Member of the 9 Clans, Ninja. Cáel Conquest, Potentially the mother of Cáel's 1st child, Non amazon, 1st Named Chapter 20

Javiera Castello: Assistant Federal District Attorney assigned to Cáel's father's murder. Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 21

Alicia Holt: Amazon 'Runner' selected to be inducted into House Ishara but rejected by Ishara during the Induction Ceremony. 1st Named Chapter 21

Carrig O'Shea: Illuminati, Cáel's maternal Uncle, Son of Cáel O'Shea, brother of Sibeal (O'Shea) Nyilas, Brianna & Deidre O'Shea, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 21. Deceased in Chapter 24.

Estere Abed: Hashashin assassin, Member of the 9 Clans, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 21

Iskender: Earth and Sky Society, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 21

Street Moslin: FBI Special Agent, Dumb ass, Non Amazon, 1st Named Chapter 21

Anima (last name not revealed) - evil, super-rich, debauchery enabler and destroyer of purity, virtue and innocence. Brennan Sulkanen's girlfriend. First named in Chapter 22

Casper Winslow - somewhat rich girl, party favor/group rape victim of the sex party orchestrated by Anima and Brennan Sulkanen. First named in Chapter 22. Her last name is revealed in Chapter 24.

Hana Sulkanen - Stepdaughter of Jormo Sulkanen, heir to his financial empire. Has an ex-husband named Philip and a daughter (unnamed). She turns out to be one of Cáel' allies. First introduced in Chapter 23.

Jormo Sulkanen - Patriarch of the Sulkanen clan. Initially furious with Cáel, he decides to accept Cáel's verdict on his youngest son from his first marriage (Brennan), setting the young rapist adrift in order for his conflict with Cáel to escalate to the rest of his family. His third wife is named Misty and his youngest daughter is Karvala. Has two sons from his first marriage and three other children by his second and third marriages. First introduced in Chapter 23

Delilah - an active operative for MI-6 (Britain's foreign intelligence service) that Sibeal O'Shea Nyilas, Cáel's Mom, has recruited by unknown means to help protect Cáel and keep her informed of what is happening in his life. Delilah does not know who she is ultimately reporting to, or even what her assignment really entails. First introduced in Chapter 24.
