 Cheating death

Chapter One

Many men and women joined the same group to help out their colonies. Creating the ultimate in covert and intelligence gathering unit ever trained was the purpose of the entire program, It didn't stay that way with the discovery of the drifting derelict medical ship from an undiscovered world though. Everything changed that day when they opened it up to find multiple species of aliens and many computers still operational with mass quantities of data just waiting for the doctors and geeks to dig into them.

As he steps over the last of the bodies strewn around the floor John realizes that it wasn't supposed to turn out like this at all. How he wished things could have been different for all these lives that had ended just for his to continue. He knew they would kill him if they get their hands on him again. They'd try to find him just to cover their own asses from the higher ups but they couldn't stop him from coming after them first. What choice did he really have anymore? Just because you make something better than it was originally doesn't mean you own it or that it will do what you want it to do either.

"Now you have to find some other damned mongrel to be your lab rat, I won't do it anymore." yelling at the camera before he goes through the door into the waiting forest outside.

John Martins hadn't change a bit in the last 10 years since he started this little "demo" for the military at least not on the outside but on the inside was a different matter entirely. These fanatics had done so many surgeries and spliced so many different things into his body that he didn't even think of himself as "human" anymore, they called him "Hybrid 32". Whatever happened to the others he didn't know for sure but from what he gathered whenever they thought he couldn't hear was that he and one other were the only ones to survive this last operation. He would just have to find the only other lost soul who knew what he had been through in this god forsaken place and hope they were of the same mind about it all.

"Is there anyone still alive out there?" Jamee thought to herself.

"I'm still here" came back to her from everywhere at once.

"Who said that?" she yells.

"I did" the voice came again this time seeming closer than before.

"What do you want?" she asks the voice in her head.

"The same thing you want, to not be alone anymore." He said.

Before she could think of a reply he stepped out of the shadows to her left. Stumbling backwards from the stranger she tripped and nearly fell on her ass. Before she was even halfway to the ground she was cradled in his arms with her head lying on his chest.

"How did you do that?"She whispers.

"Do what?" he asked inside her head with a straight face still not blinking at her.

"You caught me when I fell and you are talking to me without actually speaking." She asks

"The same way that you can, we can do a lot of things that most people can't even conceive of being possible" was his response.

"You mean that we can talk to each other like this and I can move as fast as you just did?" asking in her head just to try it out.

"With practice you should be able to move nearly as fast as me yes. How long have you been here?" he asks out loud.

She gasps at how husky his voice really is compared to the voice she had heard so far from him. "I was the last person to join the program that I am aware of."

"How long?" he asks threateningly.

She nearly jumps from his hold at his tone. "2 weeks."

Visibly calming and less tense, he starts off through the wooded area to the only port he can recall being in this area from when he ran maneuvers in the forests of this backwater planet. Maybe she hadn't been through any the things that he'd had to endure. If she were lucky she hadn't even had her second surgery or her first splice for that matter.

"You know I can still hear you right." she states with a smile on her face.

"How many procedures have you been through?" he asks out of curiosity at her unusually fast learning of the abilities he was just learning himself.

"I was just coming out of recovery from the first when all hell broke loose at the facility. Why, how many have you been through?" from the look of shock on his face she was curious now herself.

"Too many to count without getting a massive headache." was his response, "You're lucky that you haven't been here as long as I have been." How had she even come this far with just the one surgery? His first was just the basic implementations of the injection port into the base of his skull and spinal tap with blood work after. There is no way that would have given her any of the abilities without having a lot more of the procedures and treatments let alone the recovery time after them all. Before her abilities would start to manifest and show themselves to her and others would notice. 

"How long have you been here?" her curiosity still beating at her to find out more about this intriguing man still carrying her through the heavily wooded area.

Just as they came to a clearing at the edge of the tarmac he placed her feet back onto the ground and stepped away. "Ten years." He answered with a frown turning the edge of his lip and was just as quickly gone again. He started walking to the only building visible on the middle of the clearing.

She blinked and almost missed the frown that might not have ever been there at all. When understanding finally came she had to run to catch him as him entered the hangar to find a way out of here. He walked past the few small aircraft to the small closet set into the far back corner of the main room. Opening the door he moved the cleaning supplies out of the way and stepped into the room while holding the door open for her to enter as well. With a small look of dismay she stepped into the small closet and wondered what he had planned on trying in the small area with both of them so close together. He closed the door and they were plunged into complete darkness.