 Disclosure: All characters that might perform in any erotic scenes in this story are 18 or older. Criticism, comments and all other forms of response are welcome and will determine further entries.

Thanks for the comments. Didn't expect that many hits that fast but then again wasn't really expecting to write a story either so anything is better than nothing right? Anyway here is chapter two let me know what y'all think.

Chapter Two

With just a thought form him the back wall slid silently to the side and the lights came on revealing an opening wide enough for both of them to step into the next room. John smiled at the quick intake of air beside him as Jamee took in the sight of the small cruiser sitting in the middle of the hidden hangar. As soon as they entered the hangar the wall slid shut again with an inaudible click signaling they were locked in. She followed close behind as he closed on the ship.

While admiring the sleek lines and contours of the ship she didn't notice him open the side ramp and enter to start the preflight checklist. While running her hand along the black ship she couldn't help but notice that the metal almost felt like ebony skin and without a single identifying mark or even the ships name stenciled within view it seemed to breathe as he powered her up inside. She was the single most magnificent piece of machinery that Jamee had ever seen in her twenty-one years of life.

"You coming or are you staying here?" he whispered inside her head.

"I was just admiring the ship, I'm coming in now." she answered back then rushed up the ramp, only to completely stop and stare at the artistic design of the interior.

He stood openly admiring her body for the first time since meeting her in the woods. She stood at about 5 foot 9 inches or so with perky B cup breasts that just begged to be played with, weighing around 130 pounds soaking wet. She had shoulder length honey-blonde hair and eyes bluer than any he had ever seen in any Holo-Vid let alone real life and they were shimmering even in this average lighting. Would she be able to look past his rough exterior and see the real him on the inside, he didn't think so. Still he was smiling at her from the cockpit hatch. 

"We have a lot in common this ship and I, our physical makeup are pieced together from the parts of others." He supplied.

"You're sure this ship won't be missed if we take it?" she asked half fearing the reality of his comment and the other half wondering how both would handle with her hands steering them.

"Not likely, there isn't anyone aside from the two of us that knows of her existence. Even if someone does they'll never find us let alone catch us after we leave launch from this hangar." Teaching this beautiful woman was going to be enjoyable. As long as he could keep from messing anything up along the way he might actually have a chance at normalcy with her at his side.

With that being said he climbed back into the pilot seat and got back to the preflight checklist. Just as he was finishing up she stepped into the cockpit and closed the hatch behind her before sitting in the co-pilot seat and strapping herself in. She had never flown anything this fancy before but there was a first time for everything. For some reason the text rolling across her screen was in a language she had never seen before. If only she could understand half of it she would ask him if she could take her out. 

"It's not as foreign as you may think." whispering in her mind, "All you have to do is let your mind drift and the nano's in your brain will do the rest for you." He said aloud.

"Is he reading my mind or am I just that obvious?" she thought to herself.

"Actually I'm just very observant of you. I'm not reading more than you are broadcasting. We're going to have to work on your abilities before we get to any kind of civilization. We can't afford for you to accidently talk in the head of some guy that you think is hot and from fifty feet away he notices you are the only one looking at him." Laughing as he spoke.

"I don't think we will have to worry about that anytime soon. Besides you aren't so bad looking yourself and I haven't said anything to that effect in your head yet.....Damn. I guess I just told you that out loud instead anyway didn't I?"

"Yeah but had I been reading your mind I would already know that." He jabbed back at her.

"Good thing I can make you forget me telling you that huh?" She grinned and went to killing the thought of her saying that out loud to him. He was already arrogant as hell and they hadn't even slept near each other let alone with each other. As she leaned towards him he thought she was going to kiss him so he leaned in for the kiss and she put her fingers to his temples and stopped him in all his movements as she started clearing his mind of all thoughts of her saying she thought he was sexy or even hot. With that taken care of she sat back in her seat and started drifting in her mind like he said to do so she could read the screen.

"She thinks I am sexy not just hot, huh. Go figure, I was hoping she found me at least a little attractive but this is even better." He thought, glad that he could keep his thoughts to himself. "What the hell did they do to this woman in just two weeks that had taken them years to do with him. She just tried to wipe memories from my mind, had I not already been able to do the same thing it might have worked too. As long as she thinks that she can I will just have to see what else I can get out of her too.

"Let's get this show on the road shall we?"

"Yeah sure sorry what was I saying?" He asked playing along.

Smiling to herself, she says "You were asking me if I wanted to take the controls to get us out of here. I was about to say yes till you started looking at me funny. Are we ready to go then Captain?"

"What makes you think I am a captain?"

"Just a guess you assume that I am going to fallow your orders so I just figured that you were at least a Captain. Was I wrong?"

"Yes actually, I was a Warrant Officer in the Terran Marine Corps before I joined this supposedly Galactic Congress sanctioned program."

"Hmm I knew you were military of some kind just by the way you carry yourself."

"And how exactly is that?" He asked curiously.

"You walk like you're ready rip someone's head off out through their ass."

He laughs, "It'll take a little work to do if I have too but yeah I could."

"Thanks for clarifying, I feel so much better now." She mumbles as she slowly lifts the ship from the deck. She expected the wall to again open into the early evening sky but instead he sits expectedly waiting on her until she notices the deck has gotten brighter. Looking up the roof has opened to let them out that way instead. Lifting higher she takes them out smoothly as she accelerates faster the ground drops away so fast that she would have fallen out of her seat if she wasn't strapped in.

John almost started laughing at the look on her face as the ship cleared the hangar it went straight to atmosphere cruising speed and she obviously wasn't expecting that at all. "Should I take the controls now or do you have a specific destination in mind?"

"You did that on purpose, didn't you?"

"I don't know what you're talking about Hun. That's how this she always reacts when she isn't obstructed by her open hangar after lift-off. You should try it when we are on an actual flightline, but make sure you relieve yourself at the head first." He chuckled to himself.

With a smirk right back at him she replied, "Maybe we should lie low for a while and see what the news feed comes up with for this disaster. See if we get blamed for it or if it gets classified as an accident. Do you have any ideas where we could hide out at?"

"Personally I was going to head home. It would be the last place they would think to look if we were thought to be alive after the explosion anyway."

"I wouldn't mind seeing where you are from if it's ok if I tag along."

As we passed the last moon that revolves around the facilities planet we jumped into hyperspace and settled in for the 3 week trip back to Terra.