 Disclosure: All characters that might perform in any erotic scenes in this story are 18 or older. Criticism, comments and all other forms of response are welcome and will determine further entries.

Sorry for the wait on this chapter have been busy with real life, trying to get out a couple of chapters before the new year comes along. Will be moving the family to a different state for a bunch of stupid reasons but will try to keep writing after we get settled in.

Chapter Three

3 weeks is a fairly long time to be traveling in hyperspace but it's usually twice that long just from one end of a galactic arm to the other and they were crossing the galaxy. Most people don't even travel that far in their lifetime let alone four or five times in a year. 

This would be Johns first time anywhere near Terra in almost 9 years. The program didn't let any of their test subjects get anywhere close to their home planets due to a few of the subjects going AWOL for almost four months before John and his team were sent in to bring them back. In the end only 2 of the 7 that left came back alive. He had tried to talk them into coming back without the use of force but only the last two had heard the rumors of a team bringing dead bodies back and surrendered as soon as John asked them to come back before something 'bad happened to them'. Apparently they had all gotten together to keep out of the programs hands and used a common network to keep in touch until they started dying off.

They had been training almost nonstop since they went into hyperspace and John still felt like he needed more time to fine tune his newer abilities. Jamee was making very good progress with the many skills that John had taken years to perfect. She was mastering them in days, hours even for some. 2 days till they were set to enter Terra's star system she was phasing through walls and John was just learning to do that when they did his last operation before the lab went under. So in the end Jamee was teaching John some things that he didn't even think were possible.

John was phasing through the wall to her quarters until he noticed her hovering naked in the air above her bunk and lost his concentration. "What the hell did they do to you in that lab anyway?" He asked while trying to hide his red face and pull the last piece of his flight suit out of the wall where he had stabilized again.

"The same thing they did to you and all the others." She was laughing inside his head now.

"Not likely, I can't hover like that"

"I'm not hovering, it's called meditating."

"I've been meditating since I was ten years old and in Martial Arts classes and I can't do what you are doing right now."

She lowered herself to her mattress before stretching out her arms and legs while wearing only a smirk on her lips. "Maybe you have been "hovering" the whole time, you just don't see yourself when you close your eyes to meditate. Have you ever meditated while anyone else was around?"

"I never trusted anyone to be around me when I was that vulnerable. Whenever I needed to meditate I would keep myself inside my quarters and locked out the keypad so I wouldn't be disturbed."

"You can see how well that works for people like us, right? I did the same to my door just ten minutes ago."

"Yeah, sorry about this by the way I was just trying to show off that I was getting really good at it." Looking back at the edge of his sleeve that was still in the wall, he shrugged. "Apparently I need to keep practicing though."

"On the bright side you didn't lose your concentration halfway through the wall like some of the others that started training the same time I did. That's really messy to clean up by the way." Shivering she started to get dressed.

She was openly teasing him lately like she wasn't even bothered by the fact that the committee from the program had probably already reported them as the murderers of the whole lab by now. The only thing that would keep them semi-safe was the fact that his latest abilities and those that she has had apparently from her first operation would not be known by anyone aside from the dead techs from the lab and John had wiped out all of their records before he left the facility.

"So anyway, did you need something besides wanting to show off?" She asked while grinning at his attempts to get the sleeve out of the wall.

"Yeah actually I was going to tell you we need to relax and not train as hard anymore until after we find someplace safe to get ourselves organized and ready to leave Terra again."He said as she walked closer to where he was standing attached to the wall.

"We've still got a couple of weeks to go yet before we get there yet don't we? That should give us plenty more time to keep training." She asked as she phased her hand into the wall and pulled his sleeve out.

"You are way too good to have just learned how to do that a couple of weeks ago. In a standard cruiser the trip from the lab to Terra would likely take us close to two and a half months. This ship can do it in about a third of the time. So by using Volk here, we will be setting down on Terra in just two more days." He said while patting the wall that he was now free of.

"You mean to tell me that we have been traveling at three times the speed of a cruiser?" her mouth now hanging open.

"Actually Volk can max out at almost four times the speed of a cruiser but only about twice that of a four engine carrier. If I can trust you and you plan to hang around for awhile I can show you the engineering section some time." smiling down to her he slowly closes her mouth with his index finger under her chin.

Dumbstruck she watches as he walks out her hatch without even trying to open it first. "What the hell have I gotten myself into now?" she thought as she hurriedly unlocks the door and runs to catch up to him as he enters the bridge.

"As we drop out of hyperspace we will be slowing down considerably to keep our cover as a freighter intact. Since we are going planet-side a cover story for us being the only two onboard would be useful. I already created new identities and the proper paperwork for the both of us. I hope you are ok with being my wife since you and I won't pass as siblings. It's more likely than you being a friend just along for the ride, besides staying together will make it easier when they start looking for us. No one will be looking for us as a married couple." He rationalized to her.

"Are you serious? We've only known each other a couple of weeks and already you got our lives planned out, huh?" Thinking to just a couple of minutes ago she realizes that him seeing her nude didn't bother her nearly as much as it should rather it excited her that he might want to do more than look at her. Him drawing up papers that they were already married implied that he did, right?

"It's merely a disguise for us to go unnoticed but if you insist upon us getting married we can just have a real wedding after we land, I hope she is reacting like this because she likes the idea." He says, the whole time smiling at her ever reddening cheeks. "Here's your ID and your background story to look over. We still have some time if you want to change anything just let me know and I'll see what we can work out."

"Thanks a lot." She smirked back. Yanking the data-pad from his hand she turned leaving him to gloat by his lonesome.

"Damn she has a nice ass." He thought to himself.

"Thanks, always nice to know that someone notices." She giggled back to him halfway down the hall to her quarters.

"You know we are getting way to comfortable reading each other right?" he asked.

"Yeah, but I thought we were getting married anyway? Spouses shouldn't have any secrets between them." she jabbed back at him.

"Ok smart-ass you just wait till you read how we met." He quipped with a smile in his voice.

"If it's too bad I'm going to kick your ass." Smiling to herself she sits on her bunk and starts reading her life story.

The next day as he opens his eyes from meditating her smiling face is the first thing he sees. Then he notices that she is as naked as she was yesterday in her room. "Not that I am complaining but I can see all of you, where you meditating as well?" he asks.

"I had thought about it but decided to wait till we could do it together. I should let you know that you do indeed float upward while you meditate too." She confirmed her own suspicions.

"Why would you want to meditate together? Wouldn't that seem a bit to personal between the two of us?" again curious of her responses.

"Considering that we will probably be together for quite awhile longer us meditating together would help us understand each other and our responses to our environment around us as well." She says stating the obvious.

"We don't have to be nude to do this you know?" curious to his own question, "why am I trying to talk her back into her own clothes when I am already butt-naked as well?"

"Very true but being nude while I meditate makes me more comfortable, doesn't it seem the same for you? Besides it's not like you didn't see everything yesterday when you came into my room unannounced anyway." wondering why he is so against her being nude in his quarters, until she notices the hard-on he is trying to hide without her seeing it."Oh, I see. So is that the reason for wanting to be dressed for this?"

Looking down he sees his cock hard and ready. "How did I not feel that?"

"May I? Feel it I mean." She asks, her hand itching to touch his hardness.

Already too late to keep her from seeing him he isn't going to stop her from touching him either it seems. "Please do. I have been wanting this since I first heard your voice in my head weeks ago." He admitted to her and to himself.

"We can meditate later. We won't need clothes for what I want to do right now, either." As her fingers closed around him his eyes drifted closed and the lights blinked out, the glow from his PC the only light glowing in the room.