 Author's note: this will be an ongoing story, so stay tuned for more.

**** 

I have spent most of my life free of the arrogant Free Males that roamed the lands of Gor. Raised among what many call "panther girls" I had been strong willed even as a child. 

Don't get me wrong, we are not weak, but as in every society, there are those that are less dominant. My mother was one of those, and now she wears the collar of some Free Male.

**Growling softly as I pace**

"I challenge for leadership!" I was well of age and would have done this earlier, but I had waited, bidding my time as I watched and learned the weaknesses in our current leader.

A collective gasp from those around me was heard as she stood. "Challenge accepted!"

Her and I had bad blood for years. She was nothing but a spineless coward that had cheated to get where she was. She had the backing of a few of the girls... but now... oh yes... now she was all mine.

Our group was small and growing smaller. Weakness being weaned out as the years had passed. And I could no longer bear to lose more of our girls due to her sloppy workings of leadership

The 7 remaining girls stepped back and gave us a wide circle. Her brown eyes dark and murky like the lies that she spoke. She and I were about the same height. But rage boiled beneath my skin. This so called leader was the reason my mother was captured. This bitch... would not even pursue after the ones that captured my mother while they were still in our territory.

10 years... who know what has happened to my mother, but I would find out. But first... I must take my place as leader. Just as all had feared when I was a child... it would come to pass tonight.

"Under the moons we shall end this Adrastia, for the battle tonight will not end until one of us is not breathing. The winner shall then take full leadership of what remains. Is this clear?"

"Crystal clear" I growled low, the others whispered in agreement. Good, let the bitch get her affairs in order, for tonight shall be her last. I on the other hand must survive until tonight...

The day had proceeded with relative inactivity. I had expected the bitch to send out one of her two 'body guards' to tend to me, or at least rough me up a little. But it was an eerily quiet day for my tribe. 

The wind whispered of change and there were those that feared it. I embraced it. Not only was there going to be change... but death.

Night fell rather quickly and again we returned to our camp. a small fire was burning by the time I had arrived and the bitch and her so called guards had not yet returned. I tossed my kill to the one skinning someone else's kill and made my way to the shadows surrounding the fire.

I heard her coming before she or her guards even knew where I was. I remained silent and unmoving waiting. They made it to the circle of light the fire casted and let out a loud sigh.

"It's about time. I thought you and your loyal guards had run away." It took everything to keep my voice even and without malice, but my blood boiled as revenge was so close.

She turned quickly staring at me. My pale blue eyes and dark hair, I know I must have looked like a demon to her because for a moment all I could see was the flicker of fear.

"This coming from the babe of a slut!" she spat back.

I growled darkly at her, doing all I could not to attack her where she stood. I had heard the rumors that my mother was an exotic... one that was captured by the previous leader. But no one ever spoke of it but in whispers and insults. I would find out soon... after I killed this bitch.

"Are we going to stand around all night and wait for you to get your courage or shall we attend to matters as promised?" the calm in my voice surprising not only my tribe but myself.

"That we will." She turned on her heel and threw her meager kill on the pile and stalked towards the clearing. Her bodyguards filing behind her, the rest of our tribe headed to the clearing. I lingered watching, accounting for each soul, then made my way to the clearing.

The remaining 7 girls skirted the clearing and stood back watching. I could feel their eagerness to have this ended. I stepped past the outer edges and made my way to the center. Noting where her guards had placed themselves I meet her in the middle.

There were two spears stabbed into the soft grass... we looked at each other, pure determination coursing through my very being, as I placed one hand on the spear before me and one hand on the spear before her. She too did the same. For a moment neither one of us moved. 

I kept eye contact the whole time with her. My hatred skimming across my flesh as I waited for her to make the first move. And she did. A slight flinch and it had begun.

The spears were wrenched quickly from the ground before us and our stances taken. Circling each other, patiently awaiting her attack, she toyed with me for a moment. Faking a few jabs, stepping towards me then away. Yet I remained ready and unflinching.

Then the real attack came. And it came in a flurry of movement. She used her spear as a staff quickly coming down trying to take my head off... blow after blow I blocked her. Never allowing her to push or lead me into a situation that could get me killed.

As the fury of her blows began to subside, I then unleashed on her. Taking the spear and returning blow upon blow, pushing her back. Fear flitted momentarily as she lost her balance and began to fall. I took that moment to cut her cheek with the tip of my spear.

"First Blood!" I called out and stepped back allowing the bitch back to her feet. Her hand slowly went to her cheek and wiped the blood, looking at it in disbelief she glared at me.

"I declare no spears!" She finally cried out. Her voice was strong, her eyes portraying her demise. With a nod, I backed away and stabbed my spear into the ground towards the outer edges. She too did the same.

Again we met in the middle. Her arrogance still running her as she stood in a stance. I on the other hand, crouched, fingers flexing slowly in anticipation of the attack.

Before I knew it she was coming at me. Her growl more a yell as she punched at me kicking me. A few blows got through as we did our violent dance. We were slick in sweat, moments seemed like hours. The onslaught of our hatred as we tangled together. Landing her hard in the jaw she stumbled back. 

The moons above us betrayed the slight gleam of the blade she now held in her hand. Taking a quick step into her, her eyes widening in surprise, I grabbed her hand and fell with her. A single twist and the knife found flesh...

We both laid on the ground for a moment. Her hand still in mine. She looked up to me shocked as she fought the urge to cry out in pain. I untangled from her and stood over her.

"I am offering to spare her life if she chooses to walk." I knew that I could only offer it once in a fight. And as much as I would hate for her to take it, I would show my tribe that I am strong.

She groaned from the ground before me. The tribe stepped in closer, seeing her injured no one moved any closer. She pulled the knife from her side and growled as she held her knife. Sitting up on the ground she looked out as if contemplating her fate. We waited for her answer. And it came...

"Never!" she lunged forward at me, aiming for my throat, the sharp blade slicing across my cheek as I twisted from her path. Her momentum carried her forward and in a single movement my knife was free and had slit her throat. I could feel her body go tense, then as the hot liquid of her blood rolled down my arm I only held her. My chest to her back as I sat her down. Low mewling noises coming from her as her life drained from her. I leaned forward and kissed her cheek, and whispered into her ear.

"My sister... I had loved you and would have let you walk. Now I free you to the spirits and may your spirit be free." I let her body slip back where I cradled her, awareness still in her dark eyes as I again whispered, "Good bye my sister... I forgive you."

A tear slides down her cheek as she was released to the spirit world. I pushed her hair back from her face, nuzzling close to her. This was my blood sister, though I was the only one that knew... again I kissed her cheek and her forehead. I took my hands and delicately closed her eyes, placing kisses over her eyes as well. Then settling her softly to the ground, my pale blue eyes an eerie clear color as I looked at the tribe... My Tribe.

I stood there for a moment, allowing the weight of the shift of power to settle over all of us. My sister's blood and mine mingled on my skin as I took a deep breath, the scent of blood heavy in the night.

One of her guards stepped forward, rage in her eyes, and I met her with a blade to her throat.

"It is done Clarissa, but you and the others, prepare her for burial and bring her belongings to Me." I stared a moment at that grieving and angry girl and stalked off. Of they only knew how truly hard that was for me.

I returned to camp, our meager belongings resting in are separate camping areas... I walked to my sister's and went through what little she had. I must divide her belongings among the group and I was merely trying to understand the hatred that she had held for me all her life.

I knew that tonight would be a long night, for once her body was prepared, she would be burned and her ashes scattered. So tonight was our night of mourning, and as dawn would rise to meet us, we would leave.

Eris returned to camp and slowly approached me as I was finalizing sorting through the belongings.

"Adrastia..." she whispered and then knelt before me, a large cloth covering the items in her arms she lowered her head and offered me the bundle.

I looked at her solemnly and nodded accepting the gifts she laid at my feet. These were the weapons my sister had worn. I flipped back the cloth and retrieved only one item... the knife that shared our blood. Taking it and sheathing it in my belt I looked to her and waved the rest away.

"Offer them to her best friends... her guards. What they do not want will randomly offered to the others." She nodded at my words and meekly disappeared.

Finally my sister's body was prepared and the bustling of camp were silent but quick. Our camp now ready to move we returned to the clearing. A large pile of wood and cloth and my sister's body fully wrapped atop the large pile.

I walked to the center, where it all started and where it now all ends, and placed a final kiss upon the wrapped forehead of her. I then stepped back allowing those of my tribe to mourn the loss of our sister.

Once all had said their peace, I lit the fire and stepped back watching. Tears filled my eyes, but none fell.

"Rest in peace my dear sister," I whispered.

The losses have been great and we melted into the dense forage around us. Heading north, we spread out and trekked on. I could hear a few sniffles as we walked. Time seemed to blur to me as the sun began to creep across the sky. 

My face was feeling stiff from the dried blood. I knew I should have cleaned before we left but I was in a hurry to escape from the memories. I was so wrapped up in my thoughts that an eerie feeling of uneasiness crept over my skin. Stopping dead in my tracks I whistled twist and clicked my tongue.

It was too quiet, something was wrong. Were we being hunted or had we stumbled onto something. My tribe spread out more, the soft whistles heard as they moved further away taking a defensive position.

I placed my pack by a large tree as the tribe held their hidden positions. Moving forward to the clearing before us I found a road. Upon that road was a caravan. Slavers. I remained still and unmoving knowing that I was the only one that was truly in danger of being caught.

The caravan was not moving and I could hear fighting. Unsure of what was going on I shifted closer. It looked as if a Free Woman had been caught and her screams were loud in my ears. From what I could see I obtained that the woman was probably traveling alone and the Slaver had claimed her.

I could see under the wagon and the shreds of her robes and veil lay on the ground. Shaking my head knowing there was nothing we could do for her, I crept back into the depths of the woods.

Two clicks and a whistle and we circled wide away from the road. Weariness wracked my body and I knew the others must have been tired as well. With a long whistle and a single click I called my tribe.

"Lets find a place to settle and rest. It has been a long day for all of us." There as a collective nod. "Let us find a river, or stream... and we will settle close to there."