 The walk was quiet and uneventful as the morning brightened the cliff faces, bringing more illumination to their path – and Yorigthi. Upon occasion she would glance up at him. At the moment, the hood of his robe was pulled up, but the tentacles that rested on his chest left no doubt as to who this was. Sometimes he fell behind, waving her to go on when she stopped out of concern, and walking behind her. She was unaware of the scrutiny he gave her as her skirt swished along her legs, or the sway of her hips as she navigated the path.

Within half an hour, the sea became visible, lapping at a rocky beach that was the remnant of a cliff from many ages ago. At this vista, he took the lead.

No human had ventured beyond the Gate, as she grimly recalled. A path led up from the beach between more cliffs, almost invisible since the gap was well-camouflaged. And then there was another splendid view of the ocean, from higher up, and she gasped softly.

This view came from a small clearing that held the remnants of fires. Partially sheltered by more overhangs, this place ensured perfect privacy for anyone willing to live in such a hard-to-reach spot. She turned, noticing a torch near the end of the path that was carved into the shape of a kraken. There could be no doubt as to the resident of these premises.

"It must be nice and quiet here, though I imagine it would get cold and windy sometimes," Nalaisi offered in casual observation, for the cave faced the sea and she didn't doubt that a tempest could be felt – and heard – here, especially outside. Within the mouth to the cave, carved on both sides of the entrance, were more krakens, their tentacles spread in a stylized way that framed the carved doorjambs.

"A closed door and a well-filled firepit does wonders for that," Yorigthi commented dryly as he placed his palm against the face of the stone door. It slid open, and he beckoned her inside. He left the door open, admitting some sunlight into the recesses of the earth. He led her along the passageway to a wide space that had been partially expanded upon, the organic flow of rock interspersed with flat, chiseled planes.

There was a table with low-slung chairs, furs piled for sitting, a shelf of books, and a clay stove used for cooking and heat. Further back, mostly obscured in shadow, was a rather impressive bed. Large enough for several people, the cushions were covered in bedding more comfortable than any Nalaisi had ever seen or imagined, with blankets embroidered or dyed in fanciful designs that she knew the cloth-makers in her village would have loved to study.

There was a faint scent of cooking in the air, from the pot of stew that Yorigthi had just set over the fire before he left. It would cook all day, being well-cooked and delicious by the time evening came around, for them to share. Nalaisi could smell the flavors in it, finding comfort in the medley of familiar scents she was able to identify. There were still a couple of exotic scents hanging about, but the contents of the pot still smelled tasty. She set her bag down in the corner, where she figured it would be unobtrusive, before she turned back to the Teuthid, heart thudding in nervousness.

Yorigthi watched her curiously as she inspected the place and set aside her bag. When she turned to him he considered his options, scenario after scenario playing through his mind. Immediately throwing her into the bed seemed somehow improper. Then again, if she were dreading the encounter, making her wait through the day could be cruel. 

"Sit down," he gestured to the pile of furs, the mass easily large enough for both of them. "Make yourself comfortable. Have you had enough sleep? Or did you break your fast before you came here?" he asked.

"I did not sleep well. I had a couple of dates this morning."

"Nervous, hmm?" he asked in a gentler tone than she would have expected. She reclined against a fur-draped cushion. He moved around before bringing her a cup. "Have some water."

It did not cross her mind to question him, and she lifted the cup to her lips. The water was clean, almost even sweet.

"What do you enjoy doing when you are not occupied with chores?" he asked mildly. She considered that question.

"I've always enjoyed walking. Or sitting outside at night and staring up at the stars. Although my family finds that odd," she admitted.

"There is wisdom to be found in contemplation, and communing with nature." he answered kindly. She smiled at him shyly.

The smile intrigued him and he joined her on the furs, his robe spreading beneath him. He sat close, leg leaning against hers. Urged on by her sweetness, he reached out a tentacle once again, teasing it along her cheek.

She did not move away as his leg or tentacle touched her, though the caress cased her to shiver just a bit. When a tentacle tugged at her headscarf, she slid it away from her head, allowing it to drape along her shoulders. Her dark auburn hair was tied back, but a few curly locks had worked their way free to frame her face. Reaching out confidently, Yorigthi hoked his fingers into the material, sliding the scarf down her arms.

Despite the relative comfort of this dwelling, goosebumps tickled her arms, and she looked at the ground for a moment before returning her attention to her would-be lover. The sleeveless tunic she wore was of a simple tie-dye pattern in various shades of green and blue. The patterned and multicolored fabrics was a pride of her people, and certain secrets of the art kept them prosperous in trade.

A tentacle slid the empty cup from her hand, and her fingers slackened, feeling the ceramic slide past them. His hand moved to her arm, the fingertips caressing the warm skin. Her eyes moved to it, seeing the hand's journey pause at her elbow before coming back up. The palm slid along her shoulder, and his hand cupped the side of her face.

"Often I have dreamed of what I would do with you," she heard hm rumble. A tentacle slid under the collar of her tunic, curving around the base of her breast. She took a deep breath as she stared up into his eyes, feeling the warmth in her cheeks.

"Is it my words... or my touch that brings that warmth to your face?" he asked as his thumb caressed her cheek.

"I... I'm not quite sure," she admitted.

The answer pleased him, though it was only the first. "If my touch makes you blush, then you are not afraid? Or disgusted?"

"I know I am supposed to be. But oddly, I am not." She shrugged. "I don't know why, but the appearance of the cliff-dwellers do not disturb me like they do to some other people."

"Oh? And rather than feeling disturbed, how does it make you feel?" Yorigthi ran his hand slowly back up her arm, fingertips moving in spirals along the skin. His voice had lowered to just above a teasing whisper, his desire becoming as apparent in his tone as it was in his touch.

"Your touch is... nice," she admitted. "Gentler than I had expected." She closed her eyes for a moment, feeling the fingers make their slow caress along her skin, and her fingers curled against her skirt.

"Hmm," he murmured, hand moving to her shoulder. From there it traveled across her body, dipping down to slide firmly over her breasts. He squeezed her breast, his grip careful but the strength behind it deliciously apparent. His fingers moved toward one another, ultimately skimming over her nipple before slipping away.

Her nipple was hard, under the fine linen, and she swallowed thickly, feeling a tingle of warmth between her legs. It wasn't the first time she'd felt it before, but she'd always been alone, with no man to touch her. She shifted around, her eyes moving along his body and the drapes of his well-made robe.

His withdrawn hand was quick to seek her out again, this time finding its way onto her leg. He slid it up slowly, kneading and massaging at the muscles as he went. Leaning in, he once again ran one tentacle along her cheek, nearing the side of her mouth. One opposite it ran slowly down her neck and traced the line of her shoulder blade.

She let out a slow breath, feeling his touch. Her eyes became unfocused as her body responded to his touches. First his hand, then a tentacle and then another... Oh, having a lover with tentacles was bound to be interesting, she mused. She leaned back a bit onto another cushion, the skirt draping along her thigh better.

Yorigthi took the cue, running his hand up her leg. Though he still massaged, the moments between movements shortened. Before long he ran his fingers firmly along her inner thighs. "Mmm," he murmured, the tentacles quivering against her skin. Another snaked out, tracing the opposite shoulder blade, moving across the sensitive places at the base of her neck. "You seem to enjoying yourself," he teased, tracing a single finger along the vee that led from hip to groin, stopping just short of the pubic thatch.  

She blushed even more deeply at that. "I came here to fulfill a deal with you, and I am here to honor it," she said, trying to hide her enjoyment, she didn't want it to be too obvious to the cantankerous Teuthid. Her eyelids fluttered as she felt the tentacles and fingers move along her, both of her nipples hard now, and other parts aching as warmly.

"I didn't hear a denial," he whispered deeply, pulling his tentacles from her. Shifting against the furs, he slid downward, his hand now resting against her inner thigh, fingertips mere centimeters away from her privates. He looked up at Nalaisi, watching her as his free hand pulled up her skirt. "Your body seems to enjoy me. And we haven't even gotten to the best sort of touching."

"It would seem that you know how to use your tentacles and fingers in more ways than one," Nalaisi remarked, shifting her weight, making it easier for him to pull up her skirt to get better access to her. The padding was so comfortable, and his touch a divine balance between gentle and firm. Virgin she might have been, and to be sure she was nervous, but he'd given his word, and his careful attentions were proof of that.

"You'll be finding out just how many," he teased as he lifted the skirt, though not so far as to entirely uncover her. For a moment, he glanced back up at her, playfully hesitating before his head disappeared beneath the fabric.

His fingers began the teasing, a single one running up and down the front of her pussy. He ran it over the lips, across her clit, inserted slightly and ran it down again.

"You're so wet," he hissed, his other hand reaching out and running a thumb along her warm lips. His other thumb took the opposite side, he parted her nether folds. A tentacle wormed its way forward, slipping just its tip within her. It curled and twitched there, gently teasing as Yorigthi felt his hard cock throb beneath him. "Feel good?" he asked teasingly. "Do you want more?"

When he first started touching her, on the outside of her womanhood, she shivered and became even wetter. As he started to probe more deeply, a tentacle finally finding its way in, she let out a small whimper of pleasure, and nodded. She hadn't imagined that it would feel so nice or that he would take his time like this when she knew many men would have quickly sought completion. Her head lolled back and she moaned as she felt the teasing, probing attention of her womanhood, her thighs tightening a moment before she relaxed, her knees spreading apart.

Though he didn't see the nod, he felt her body respond, murmuring in pleasure as her legs spread. "That's it," he urged, using a free tentacle to push aside the skirt, letting the material pool around her hips. Now he could see her and, of course, she could get a good view of exactly what he was doing to her. The tentacle dropped her skirt and moved, slowly, to her clit. As Yorigthi watched Nalaisi eagerly, he slid the tentacle deeper, curling and twitching it inside her. Unlike a cock or even a finger, it allowed for greater motion, seeking out those wonderfully sensitive places and caressing them. The tentacle against her clit began to move, just its tip trailing over the nub in swift, gentle circles. Two tentacles moved outward, taking hold of Nalaisi's legs, keeping her from squirming too much under his skillful ministrations.

Her body did indeed twist around under his attentions, the sensitized flesh overwhelming her with the intense responses to his caress, becoming hotter and wetter, her pussy aching in a delicious way that would soon demand satisfaction. "Yorigthi..." she breathed, one of her hands going up to rub her breast as her pussy was thoroughly explored, caressed, and teased, leaving her wanting more.

"Should I keep going?" he teased, watching for an answer. "Or would you rather when you cum, it's on my cock?" Of course, as he spoke, his tentacles continued their work, rolling over her clit and twitching to stroke her g-spot.

She gasped and arched. "I... I... keep going..." She was loath to have him stop, and figured that he would have his cock within her in due time, so why rush into it. She wiggled around again as she felt him explore her more deeply, arching and whimpering his name again as she approached orgasm, and finally went over the edge after some firm massaging of her clit.

As her orgasm exploded, Yorigthi moaned eagerly. Pulling his tentacle from within her, he curled it inward, filling his mouth with the taste of her sex. "Mmm," he moaned deeply, still teasing her clit to prolong the orgasm, "you taste as amazing as you look." 

After drawing out the climax as long as he could, Yorigthi rose to his knees. Undoing the clasps of his robe he revealed his cock, hard and throbbing with anticipation. He looked down at Nalaisi, watching her chest heave in the aftermath of her cumming. "Let's get you out of the rest of these clothes," he murmured. "The more I look, the more I want it all uncovered."

There was no resistance on her part as she removed her top, letting her breasts bounce a bit as she did so. He slid the skirt down her legs. She lay back against a cushion, still blushing, now all bared for him to see. As he took in the sight of her, so she did him, noting certain parts of his anatomy. She'd seen naked men a few times before, but always from a distance, and never erect. Yorigthi certainly was a compelling sight, his manhood thick and proud, curving upward. She'd heard giggles and whispers among older female relatives about men who were endowed, and wondered if her betrothed was anywhere near as large as Yorigthi. She looked up at him silently as his fingers ran along his member. His hand took its time moving up and down, capturing her attention as a finger trailed along the slight ridge near the tip of his cock.

"Does this excite you?" he asked as he shifted around, making himself comfortable.

"You certainly have been... er, blessed."

He chuckled quietly at that. "Yes, it is known among my kind that we tend to be more generously proportioned than our human counterparts," he commented dryly. "Though there is no record of a mate ever complaining about that."

Several tentacles reached over to touch her face and chest, though he made sure to offer her an unobstructed view of what he was doing to himself. When she shifted around, she felt the slickness between her legs, and imagined what it would feel like for him to slide that thickness within her, and claim her.

She rolled over onto her side, looking up into his eyes. He raised a brow, as if to ask, 'you had something to say?'

Tentatively, she reached for his organ. He made no move to stop her, and lifted his hand so that she had unfettered access to him. Her hand came to rest on his inner thigh as she felt her heart pounding.

"There is nothing to fear. I welcome your touch. Come, come."

Her finger slid to the root of his cock at the side. She paused for a moment before wiggling closer, and he responded to that by hooking a tentacle around her middle. In such close proximity, she was able to better study his tentacles, seeing all of them writhe around in subtle, graceful ways. He rested his hand on his other thigh, watching her patiently as his tentacles continued to caress and tease her.

She lifted her hand, running the pads of her fingers along his organ, feeling a faint pulse as she passed over a vein. She wrapped her fingers around, and her thumb came shy a couple of centimeters away from her middle finger. Quite impressive, she mused, remembering the hand gestures she'd seen older female relatives make while discussing certain matters.

She pumped him slowly several times, familiarizing herself with the feel of his organ, and imagining how it would feel within her. It was a thick solidness that the tentacles lacked. Would it hurt, she wondered, as she'd heard it sometimes did.

He arched into her touch, and his tentacles twitched when she reached down to cup his sac. His hand returned to his cock, and as she massaged his balls, he started pumping himself at a firmer pace than before.

"Does this sight please you?" he asked in a low growl.

"It does!" she replied breathlessly as she watched the cliff-dweller work his member, pumping the thick flesh with certain strokes. The tentacles moved against her more frantically, squeezing her breasts as his breaths started to come out in sharp jerks. She massaged his inner thighs as well, and upon seeing his reaction to her raking her nails, she did so along the vee lines that connected his torso to his legs. Her nails trailed along the root of his cock, moving in tune with the thrusts of his hand.

"I'm going to..." he grunted and jerked several more times before he lifted his hips, several jets of pearly essence jetting from the tip of his cock.

It splashed onto his stomach and her hand, and his ministrations slowed as she noticed his limbs relax. He slumped against the cushions, his gaze half-lidded as he regarded her.

"Mmm... you have quite a lot of passion, don't you?" she murmured as she lightly ran her finger along one edge of the mess on his hip, catching a couple of droplets on her finger.

"More than," he spoke softly, between barely audible pants, "most realize." For the moment, coming down from his climax, Yorigthi simply loosely circled the base of his manhood with his fingers. His cock was still partially hard, for one orgasm rarely satisfied a Teuthid, but that would be addressed quickly enough. "And you are more willing to try things than I'd anticipated. Of course, this pleases me."

"You gave me your word that I would come to no harm," she pointed out before bringing her finger to her face, seeing the few drops on it before her tongue darted out for a taste. It was slightly salty, and not unpleasant.

He watched her taste his seed, hand reaching over to run along her inner thigh. "I certainly wouldn't call what we've done mistreatment," he teased. "And I hope what we do from here on out is at least as enjoyable. Mmm," he murmured again, "I long to feel my cock deep inside you."

"You saying that arouses me," Nalaisi said in a surprisingly frank admission, feeling the throb between her legs. His rhythm had been pleasant between her tits, how would it feel within her, she wondered. With a soft moan, she shifted against his hand.

After allowing himself just a few more moments of rest, he shifted over her, his hand pushing apart her legs. He knelt between them, scooting forward, pushing the throbbing head of his thick, long cock against the lips of her pussy. He looked down into her eyes, watching her expression as he slid himself in with teasing slowness. He pushed deeper, inching further and drinking in the sight of her as she felt his size and giving her time to accommodate him. In her culture, she would have been untouched, and he remained mindful of that, having prepared her with his tentacles.

Nalaisi's lips parted in a soft whimper as she processed what was happening to her. There was a bit of pain at first, but then it felt delicious having it slide within her inch by inch, filling her up in a way she had never imagined. She rested with her arms behind her head, looking up at him with a mixture of shyness, curiosity, and arousal. She arched against him again as he stretched her out, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly as she made her body relax around him.
