 The day dawned on a new Clarisse Evans. Now that she had been milked, the world looked different. She guessed it was like losing her hucow virginity? It was sort of like that. The sun seemed brighter, the grass greener, the food tastier. She felt more...alive, for lack of a better word.

Was this the effect of the great lay she had, or the serum, or both? It warranted a little research, but first she would just enjoy what she felt. She fairly skipped (she hadn't skipped since she was a kid!) down the halls to the mess hall, where everyone on the farm was digging into a big breakfast. She settled for some scrambled eggs and toast and got a table to herself at the corner. 

She found herself appreciating the bulls in a new light. Their taut muscles and broad shoulders, rippling muscles and too-tight trousers...she caught herself staring more than once and blushed when the bulls stared back. Some would even flex a bit and give her meaningful looks. Which one of them would have her at the next milking? She tried to concentrate on her food and not the heat that had started up between her legs. 

The other hucows tittered a bit at her discomfort. It was obviously old hat to them, but not for her. But let it not be said that they didn't help their own. One of them came up to her with a bright smile on her face, obviously wanting to make friends. 

"Hello! You're Doctor Evans, right? We've heard about you and your research. I think it's great what you're doing. I'm Maria, by the way."

They heard about her? She guessed it made sense. Surely the rest of the farm would have heard about it...it wasn't everyday a doctor gives up a promising research career to be bred and produce milk. Nevermind that it was all for the greater good of science.

"Charmed." Clarisse shook her hand (oh, they still shook hands like normal people!) and listened as her breakfast partner chattered on about this and that. It was kind of nice listening to her - Maria wasn't abrasive or rude in the least, and so she let her talk as she finished her food. 

The doctor/hucow tried not to stare, but one thing about Maria caught her attention and wouldn't let go - her rotund belly. The other hucow was most obviously in the family way, but it didn't seem to bother her one bit. She caught Clarisse looking at it and favored her with a smile.

"This? I'm pregnant, of course. It's what is part of our duty as hucows."

"Do you...like being pregnant?" Clarisse asked the question that was burning in her mind. 

"Yes!" Maria beamed at her like it was the most natural thing in the world. "When a bull takes me while I'm being milked and puts a baby in my belly...that's the best feeling in the world! You were milked yesterday, right? Then you know how good it feels!"

Clarisse blushed at Maria's frankness. The reality of what had happened hadn't quite settled in yet, but she couldn't deny the truth of her words. It had felt good. Great, even. But pregnant? She couldn't even bring herself to think about it. It was probably going to happen sooner or later of course. One couldn't have unprotected sex and not have kids eventually. But her? Clarisse Evans, pregnant? She tried to put the thought out of her mind. 

This time it was Clarisse's turn to catch Maria staring. Following the course of her eyes, the doctor noted that the other hucow was looking at her breasts. She was wondering why when Maria answered her. 

"Look at your tits...they're bigger than mine, and you're not even pregnant yet! How do you get them like that?"

Looking down at herself, she realized that it was true. She was bigger than Maria (who wasn't exactly flat-chested...no hucow was) by just a little. She would have to look into this - a side effect of the serum perhaps? They would have to be measured, and records taken, and well...a doctor's work was never done.

But that could wait. She finished chatting with Maria - who seemed to know every bit of gossip on the farm and promised to tell her allllllllllllll about it - and made her way to the head office to get her schedule for the week. 

Light duties for her - no more milking, for one. She didn't know whether to be relieved or disappointed. She was sore both inside and out from her exertions of yesterday...but she also wanted to do it all over again. But the doctor's orders were clear-cut on this issue. Get plenty of rest, and start again next week.

But it also turned out that they needed an academic on the farm. She would be giving lessons and lectures to some of the bulls, hucows and staff members. It was just as well. She didn't Want her degrees to go to waste (she still remembered how much they cost her to get...) and it would be nice to teach again...she hadn't had the time when she was researching the serum. Brighton Farms sure didn't let anyone's talents go to waste, that was for sure.

--

Soon came the day she needed to be fitted. Her breasts had become swollen - even more than usual. It wasn't extremely uncomfortable, just a little soreness around her nipples, but when she mentioned it to Maria at breakfast the other hucow had reacted with concern.

"Clarisse! You need to get the doctors to look at it. You need to be fitted, if not the swelling will get worse."

"Fitted? What do you mean?" But Maria had just smiled and urged her to go to the doctor's ASAP. A bit confused, Clarisse complied.

As was usual with things on the farm, the doctors were completely nonplussed. "Ah, yes. Nipple soreness, right? It's about time. You'll need to have them pierced. Don't worry, all the hucows have them."

Piercings? She knew nothing about this. She was a doctor, not some upstart college girl rebel without a cause...but the doctor had just stared her down and waved a prescription in her face. 

"Nothing fancy, Doctor Evans. They simply regulate milk production. You'll need a pair. No getting out of this one, regulations and all."

The girls at the university often had them, and truth be told she had always looked down a little at what she saw were unnecessary adornments. But here she was about to be fitted for some...and on her nipples no less.

It's for science, she told herself. Science, humanity and maybe the Phillips Prize. But the prospect still scared her a little. She started apprehensively at the cold metal rings as the nurse - another hucow, she noticed, dressed all in pink with long blond hair - brought them in on a tray. Was it her imagination or did the nurse smirk a little at her? 

"It's going to be fine, Doctor Evans. Only will take a second. We do this everyday."

That was what she heard the last time she got an injection...except this wasn't as simple as that. Still, whatever had to be done had to be done. She closed her eyes, steeling herself for pain...but in a second, it was done. They were telling the truth for once. She stared at the rings on her nipples incredulously, absently reaching up to flick one of them. Well now. That hadn't hurt half as much as she had feared. As for the rings themselves, they were...unique? Was that the right word? 

"No playing with yourself here, Doctor Evans. Go get a bull to do that for you."

Why! She had the decency to only do things like that in the milking room and the safety of chambers! She bit back a sharp retort and left the doctor's office. She was just testing them out...she totally wasn't horny or anything like that. No, not at all. She completely and utterly didn't wonder about how good they might feel if someone played with them while she was being taken from behind. No. 

Her new piercings were quite the hit with the lunch crowd. Maria admired them as they ate together. "They're so pretty!" said the Spanish hucow. "Do you want to see mine?" Without waiting for an answer, she flipped up her shirt so that Clarisse could see that yes - she did also have a pair, except those were silver compared to the doctor's grey. Well now. So all the hucows really DID have them. She noticed the bulls staring and tried to shush Maria, who was unrepentant in her exhibitionism.

"Let them stare! They're going to see them eventually anyway, right?" Clarisse couldn't quite fault logic like that. 

It happened sooner rather than later. When it was time for her afternoon milking session, her bull for the day, Jason, appeared quite taken by them. He stared at them all throughout their initial greetings and the fixing of the clamps to her breasts. Clarisse was a little embarrassed despite herself...surely he'd seen pierced nipples before? After all, all the hucows had them! But she also couldn't deny the fact that his heated stare made her really hot.

Maybe she should ask him to touch them. Maria was always on her to be more honest with herself ("you're a hucow now! it's ok to ask the bulls!") and she did like the look of him...well alright, she liked the look of all the bulls. Jason was a little more built than Liam...no ponytail, but with a growth of stubble that she found strangely attractive. Plus his hands on her shoulders and butt as he guided her into the milking clamps made her shiver with desire.

She wrestled with the idea all through her milking session, and when silver tanks at the side of the table were finally filled with white fluid, she discovered that her craving for white fluid of another kind had only grown. 

"Jason?" she asked timidly. Alright Clarisse, you're a grown woman now, you can ask for these things...

"Yes, Doctor Evans?" 

"Could you...I mean...that is..." she fumbled for the words. Unlike Liam Jason was no tease, so he simply stared at her in concern. Darn! She guessed she would have to come right out and say that.

"Ummm, Jason? Could you, well...play with my nipples a bit? The piercings? I mean, that is..." Ahhh, she was so embarrassed! But the huge grin on Jason's face took those feelings away in a second. 

"I thought you'd never ask! Sure!" His hands were on her breasts in scant seconds, and soon enough Clarisse was moaning in pleasure as his skilled fingers worked their magic on the new rings on her tits. They felt kind of...different? But good. The sensations from them sent tingles straight from her chest to her pussy, and soon enough she was wet. She had already been primed after milking - half an hour of having milk sucked out of her would do that to a hucow - and now she was more than ready to start fucking. 

Jason didn't have to be asked to do that. The bull was more than ready himself - she felt his large rod go erect and rub against her ass cheeks as her nipples were played with. She hoped her moans would clue him as to what to do next...she had had enough of embarrassing herself with Liam, thank you very much. 

The bull was nothing if not obliging. After about half a minute of bucking and writhing in his strong grip, he seized her by her wide hips, placed her on the table and slid into her with a single deep thrust. Clarisse came the moment his rod entered her. Her orgasm had been building since the clamps had come down, then the fires had been further stoked when Jason touched her nipples, until finally it burst upon her with the force of a tidal wave when the bull started fucked her in earnest. She moaned and squealed shamelessly as he fucked her with long, deep strokes that threatened to overwhelm her with their intensity.

Even after she came once, Jason showed no signs of stopping. He took her off the table and onto the floor, where she got down on all fours instinctively. Was it some herd instinct, her analytical part of her brain wondered? To be ready to be bred like an animal? But the entry of a rigid penis into her sopping pussy banished all rational thought from her head. She really felt like a cow now - on all fours being taken hard by a bull stud. Doing it like they did on the Discovery Channel. 

Their fucking grew steadily more frenzied until in the heat of passion Jason pushed her down onto the ground, causing her breasts to sqoosh down onto the floor, her taut nipples sending all sorts of sensations through her body. Liam had done this the first time they had had sex, but now with the piercings it was a world of difference, the metal rings biting deep into her flesh and making her shudder in pleasure. Bull and hucow moved in tandem until with a sound halfway between a grunt and a roar, Jason unloaded a full load of spunk into her. 

That signaled the end of things. Clarisse and Jason disengaged with a last kiss - schedules called, and they each had other duties to perform. She had come three times to his one...another benefit of being a hucow, multiple orgasms. The tall bull gave Clarisse a hug and a friendly pat on the behind, then said a few words of encouragement.

"That was great, Doctor Evans. You've really gotten used to this hucow thing."

"Umm, thank you. You were good yourself." How does one tell a guy - or a bull - that he was great in the sack? "Thanks for the nice fuck" sounded so awkward, even on the farm...but the twinkle in Jason's eye told her she didn't really need to put her feelings into words.

Feeling rejuvenated from her session, Clarisse headed back to her room to do a few more readings on herself. Milking no longer tired her out so much she needed to sleep directly after, so to took the time to continue with her research - which was proceeding well enough. Her numbers were good, and they looked to be getting better. After a fruitful evening of writing reports (Brian still needed to be updated!) and sifting through some documents, Clarisse settled in for an early night. 

*****

Another day, another chapter! I still find my characters going to sleep as a good way to end them. :) As always, all comments appreciated. 