 Another day, another dollar, they said - but for Clarisse Evans, doctor and hucow extraordinaire, that old adage didn't apply at all. She hadn't been feeling at all extraordinary lately either - just kind of...rumpled? If that was the proper word. She had managed to stabilize the serum a bit - she would be the last hucow who had to suffer the curse of overproducing milk ducts (and labial piercings...though given the enthusiasms displayed by her many lovers on encountering it, she wasn't sure if curse was the right word...) and life on the farm was good. So what was the problem?

She wasn't quite sure herself. Her routine examinations at the doctor's office (gotta keep up with those reports!) had revealed nothing out of the ordinary except that she was gaining a little weight. Clarisse wasn't going to let that bother her, though. It wasn't as if she was going to win any beauty pageants anytime soon. But one morning when she woke up feeling nauseous she suspected something else was up, and the doctor confirmed it.

It was morning sickness - thankfully a very mild form of one. No throwing up, just some bedrest. Clarisse scooted back to her room and faced herself in the mirror. Sighing, she let her hands roam about her still-flat stomach. Pregnant. She supposed this day had to come eventually. At least it proved that the serum worked.

Who was the father? Tests could show, but Clarisse didn't run them. There wasn't really any point to that. She was more concerned with the effects that it might have on her ongoing research. The serum hadn't made her any more fertile than the average hucow, which needed a little looking into. A doctor's work was never done! 

And neither was the work on the farm. She was determined to still research and lecture with a baby bump - which is what she did. Milking sessions had to accommodate her swiftly growing belly, but that was easy enough for the experienced bulls - they fucked pregnant hucows on a regular basis, after all. 

But one thing she hadn't counted on was the almost constant horniness that she would experience. Some pregnant women and hucows got hornier the more pregnant they become. Clarisse was one of them. The doctors explained that it was probably because she had taken the injections a lot later than the other hucows on the farm. There was probably some reaction with the serum at some cellular level as well...but whatever the case was, the effects were more than evident. The moment a bull so much as passed by her nipples would stiffen and erect, and her bush grew wetter as her tummy grew bigger.

She thought that her previous heat was bad - but that was a sudden spike of lust, whereas this was a slow buildup of hormones that had her booking out rooms 201 to 204 near-permanently. Clarisse found herself making sheep's eyes at the bulls and behaving in a thoroughly unprofessional manner. She took every opportunity to display her great big tits to them, shaking her ass and even patting theirs when she walking. Part of her was aghast at herself, but another part relished in the display of raw sexuality that was possible nowhere but on Brighton Farms.

As her stomach grew along with her libido, so did her breasts. She already had the biggest tits on the farm, but her body didn't seem content with that accolade as her chest surged into melons even larger than her head. It shouldn't be possible for breasts to be that big, but here she was, lugging two massive chesticles around - thank heavens that her back muscles had strengthened in compensation. Clarisse secretly thrilled to see bulls almost bang into the walls went she walked past, huge tits bouncing...no man could resist the allure of her giant boobs, especially with coupled with her firm ass and wide hips. 

Her increased libido was met with great enthusiasm by the bulls on the farm. They accepted her invitations to the back rooms eagerly, and pounded her into screaming orgasm after orgasm almost daily. The other hucows congratulated her daily - now she was really one of them! Maria in particular was bubbling with joy.

"Ooo, Clarisse! A bun in the oven! I'm so happy for you! You're going to really like it...there's nothing like being milked when you're expecting! And don't you worry about the birth - they just pop out like nothing. It's one of the nice things about being a hucow!"

If anything was certain it was that she would have to reduce the power of her serum. Her research showed that it was working well - far too well! Great big breasts and more milk production were all well and good, but only if they could be controlled and understand. But better her to bear the burden than an untrained intern or something without any experience or knowledge.

It wasn't even that much of a burden to bear! She could think of worse fates. And it was all for science. Science and possibly, the Phillips Prize. 

Which is what she told herself, but deep inside Clarisse Evans knew she had changed. She loved being a hucow and everything it entailed. If she had known it was such a good experience she would have signed up earlier. Being paid money to be milked and have sex with handsome bulls? She knew she could never go back to normal society now...but why would anyone want to?

--

Then again, it wasn't all roses and sunshine either. About halfway into her second trimester, her lust had risen to uncontrollable levels. It was indeed possible to have too much of a good thing, and the staff were complaining that she was wearing out the bedsprings of the rooms - not to mention soaking the sheets with her milk and...other juices. She got called into Jack Bennett's office, were she hung her head like a schoolgirl as he berated her.

"Doctor Evans. Your research is important - we both know that. I'm honored to be a part of it, and I believe that I can speak for most of Brighton Farms when I say that. But this has got to stop. Our bulls need the stamina to service the other hucows as well. You're wearing them out, and yourself as well. Can't you do something about it?"

"Well, I've spoken with the other doctors. My ummm...lust doesn't seem to be caused by the serum. It could just be a side-effect of the hucow injections reacting to it. Or something similar."

The head of Brighton Farms heaved a sigh. "I'm not the doctor here - I wouldn't know what it was even if you explained it to me. What I'm asking is how you're going to deal with it."

"I could...well...umm, I'm not sure, Mr Bennett. Honestly. But I did have an idea..." She wasn't even sure of what she was going to say - it was a long shot and she knew it. Still, desperate times called for desperate measures...

"What do you have in mind? Out with it, Doctor Evans."

"I was thinking...that is..." she shuffled from foot to foot, still a little embarrassed at what she was going to say. You could take the doctor to the farm, but she still possessed a slight reserve from her days back in the university. "If I could get two bulls at once..."

"Speak up, Doctor Evans. I can't hear you."

"Umm, yes. Two bulls. If I could mate with two bulls at once, that might help. It's something to do with the hormone production, you see. It reacts with the serum on a biosynthetic level which..."

Jack raised his hand to forestall any further explanation. "Whatever you say, Doctor Evans. As long as you're sure that it's for the greater good and not just because you want more than your fair share?"

"Of course! What are you suggesting, Mr. Bennett?" Clarisse sputtered. The thought of taking on two bulls at once DID make her wet - truth be told, even wetter than normal - but this was all for science! That and she was fresh out of ideas. She'd even tried vibrators and dildos, but nothing could really take the place of a big, strong, real, live bull cock. 

"I hope you know what you're doing. Room 303 is open, so get over there ASAP. I've assigned two bulls to you, and after that you need to make sure you get back to duty. Understood?"

"Yes sir. Understood, sir." Jack gave her a last stern glare to see if she was joking with him, but she just kept a straight face and stern expression. He let her go with a nod and turned back to the seemingly never-ending pile of papers on his desk.

--

Room 303 had been prepared with an especially large bed and - most importantly - two bulls. She had seen neither of them before, which meant that they were new hires to the farm. Clarisse didn't mind at all. All that mattered was that they had them proper equipment, and the willingness to use it.

"Hello, Doctor Evans. My name's Nigel." One of them - a swarthy black gentleman - approached to shake her hand. She knew that it wasn't exactly proper behavior for a lady to be eyeballing the bulge in man's pants while they made introductions - hucow or bull or no! - but that was what she did. He smiled a little when he saw where her gaze was fixed, and she had the decency to blush a little. 

"I'm Mateo. Let's get this party started, shall we?" The other bull was a dusky-skinned Spanish one with tattoos all over and a ring in his nose. So hucows weren't the only ones with piercings...he flexed a little as she stared at him, favoring her with a devilish grin. Well. Someone wasn't shy. 

Clarisse figured that a blowjob would be a good way to get the ball rolling, and so she fell to her knees and unzipped Nigel's pants, finding and fishing out his tool. It was a nicely-sized one, curved a little at the edge. She opened her mouth and all but devoured it, licking and slurping until the black bull shot a load of jism down her gullet. Nigel groaned in pleasure and ran his fingers through her hair as he came.

Mateo, not to be outdone, took her from behind. One moment she was moaning around the dick in her mouth, and the next she was gasping in surprise as the Spanish bull hilted himself into her with a single deep thrust. He was a lot rougher than Nigel was, pumping in and out of her furiously and making her squeal in pleasure. Halfway to her first orgasm, her eyes bugged out a little when he added his hand into the mix, spanking her as they fucked. Kink had never been on the menu in her previous encounters with bulls, but she found that she liked it. 

Clarisse was in hucow heaven. No just one but TWO bulls were taking her at the same time, and she loved it. When Mateo eventually came into her, he and Nigel then switched sides. "You gotta try her pussy man, it's fantastic!" said Mateo as he pushed his cock into her eager mouth. Hmmmmph! Talking about her like she wasn't even there! Clarisse would have spat out a retort, but she was too busy sucking cock and being fucked. 

After both bulls had tried both holes, they all adjourned to the bed, where the fun continued. With three people instead of two, a variety of new positions opened up to them. She could ride Nigel cowgirl while Mateo fondled her breasts, for instance. Mateo could take her sideways while she sucked off the black bull. And one of them could fuck her giant tits while she gave the other a handjob. It was a wonderland of options, and all three of them explored as many of them as they could before exhaustion overcame them and they collapsed onto the bed.

When Clarisse woke up a while later, the two bulls were gone, but so was the ache in her loins. She stretched and yawned in utmost contentment. All that stuff about hormones had just been a scam. In truth, all she had wanted to do was to be fucked good, hard, long and proper until she was satisfied. The two bulls had done a great job, and now it was time for her to get back to work.

Whistling a jaunty tune, Clarisse went back to her rooms. The spreadsheets and numbers didn't seem so daunting now that she had gotten a good lay. All in all it was a good day's work. 

*****

Yes! I ended a chapter without anyone falling asleep. :)

Thank you all for reading, and all comments and feedback welcome as always. 