 It was near sunset now. Half of the time Yorigthi has asked her for was now gone, and they'd just shared another period of rest, sharing a meal. He provided her with the stew that had been cooking all day, and it had been delicious. In exchange, she'd shared with him flatbread and fruit preserves, and he added a flask of eldritch wine to this modest but no less delicious banquet.

Now clad in nothing but an open robe and her tunic, she reclined, simply relaxing as she listened to Yorigthi play some music on his harp. When he finished and set the instrument aside, she wiggled towards him, resting her head on his robed lap, certain he would not mind. The way he rested his hand on her head indicated that her hunch had been correct. A soft sigh escaped her throat as he stroked her hair.

He started to lightly comb his fingers through her hair, luxuriating in the thick waves as he brushed errant locks from her forehead. She gave out a small hum of pleasure, almost purring like a kitten, as she felt this gentle stroking.

"So... half your time has passed. Have you enjoyed yourself thus far?" Nalaisi asked.

"I have. Though I've enjoyed you more," he murmured deeply, parting her hair with his fingers. "What of you? You seem... content." Though he asked calmly, Nalaisi was certain she heard a touch of uncertainty in his tone, a yearning for her approval.

"I have enjoyed myself, yes," Nalaisi admitted. She'd seen sex with her betrothed as a necessary task, one she'd submit to and hope that Badru was a good lover. But Yorigthi had shown her pleasure, and it was not simply from his intimate touches, but his very presence. The way he looked at her, or spoke to her...

"And I am glad we still have all that time left," she added. Yorigthi curled his hand into a fist, taking a firm hold of her hair and giving it a slow, playful tug.

Her hand slid along his thigh, feeling the muscle under his robe, and she felt it tense before he shifted, allowing her hand easier access. The grip on her hair tightened slightly as she felt flesh stir against her hand.

"I intend to make good use of it. There is more to do... and more to do again." He loosened the front of his robes, and she smiled up at him before she slid her hand under the fabric. He was already hard, and simply feeling it under her hand was enough to cause her loins to surge with arousal again despite the lingering soreness. She wrapped her fingers around it and started pumping slowly but firmly, her head held firmly in place by his own fist, Her face was turned upward so that she could look into his face, and there was no mistaking the lust in his half-lidded gaze.

"You want my cock so much?" he rumbled. She nodded eagerly.

"I see no reason to deny it to you, then." With that, he guided her head down to his cock after using his tentacles to open up his robe the rest of the way. Unable to make further comment, she obediently took as much of him as she could into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the swollen head. Her head started bobbing up and down, and she heard hm groan her name a couple of times. She let out a low groan as she lowered her head, feeling the head of his cock press against the back of her throat, and she only had almost half of him in her mouth. Her hand trailed down to his sac, tight and heavy with seed. With the times he'd already came, she was impressed with how much passion apparently remained.

He shifted his hips around, and she massaged his balls. Her head was tugged away from the tumescent organ, and he gestured to his lap.

"Get on," he commanded. The hold on her hair was released, and with his help, she was able to position herself above him. It'd only been a couple of hours since she'd fucked, and even though she was sore, she ached for him again.

"Gladly," Nalaisi breathed as she straddled him, "Mmm, you seem to like holding my hair. You aren't afraid I'm going to try to run off, are you?" Nalaisi teased as she lowered herself onto him, wiggling as she did so. He thrust upward before placing a hand on her hip.

He chuckled at that. "I may be a Teuthid, but I am still a male. I do not worry about you violating your word, but I like having you in my grip. And your hair is so soft and wavy. I find it pleasing."

Where before he had held back, here he didn't. Rather than give her the opportunity to ride him, his rapid, powerful thrusts pressed upwards, bouncing her on him, his body slapping against hers. He watched her tits bounce, tentacles reaching up to curl around them and tease at the nipples.

"Ah! Fff! Yes!" His roughness was stimulating after the obvious care he'd taken earlier to acclimate her to his mating. Soon enough she became breathless under his attention, unable to form complete sentences as he thrust into her fiercely, his tentacles squeezing and caressing her firmly as he kept a firm grip on her hair, keeping her in place, not that she'd dream of trying to wiggle away, of course.

He let her remain atop of him for only so long. Eventually, he sat up, arms wrapping around her. He shifted, tossing her onto her back, climbing on top. His hard thrusts never stopped, Yorigthi pushing into her deeply, his hands returning to her hair. His tentacles ran along her face and neck, rubbing her over greedily, low moans slipping from between them.

"Please... more..." Nalaisi begged, even after he had an orgasm, his fierceness only left her wanting more, and she wiggled against him to rouse him again, not that he needed too much encouragement for such a thing.

He might not need further incentive, but her words did seem to add to his aggressiveness. He took her roughly, arms moving to part her legs further, allowing him to take her more thoroughly. As he thrust, he pulled her into him, moaning and gasping, and growling her name.

In due time, he flipped her over onto her knees and eventually grabbed her neck, though leaving her with ample air to breathe, as he drove into her from behind, tentacles in her hair. She moaned out his name and still begged for more, breathlessly gasping out his name here and there.

He pulled her back against him, tightening his grip on her neck just slightly. Eventually, he pulled her legs back beneath her, laying her onto her belly as he continued to pound wildly into her. His hands moved beneath her, squeezing at her breasts as his tentacles took their place around her neck. Still he pulled her head back, urging her to cum again and again with teasing whispers and uninhibited thrusts, along with pokes and caresses to her clit.

Of course, under such firm and thorough attentions, she did exactly as he wanted, taking up whatever position he put her in, and generally being a good sport, though it certainly didn't feel like an obligation in which she was forced to undertake. Finally, he was spent, at least for the time being, and she lay there, feeling his tentacles loosely wrapped around her hair and neck. Still within her as he simply savored her warmth, she reached to caress his hand that wax curled around her stomach as she caught her breath.

He took her hand, his chest rising and falling with each heavy breath. With the exhaustion that came after sex, the roughness faded away, Yorigthi pressing his body to hers, squeezing and caressing, leaving the remainder of his seed inside her. Regardless of what sort of experiences her life would hold, Nalaisi knew that she would never forget this night. Not would she want to.

o0o

It was now almost dawn, and Nalaisi was not sure how she felt about that particular fact as she again pondered the recent turn of events. The Teuthid dozed beside her, his tentacles slowly writhing as he stared off with almost-closed eyes, one of his arms loosely draped over her as she rested, a blanket pulled up to her chin.

No, she didn't want to forget this day and night. And it wasn't simply for the physical aspect of it. He'd asked her questions, and talked to her in a way no one else had ever done.

He offered no resistance when she slid off the bed, taking one of the blankets with her. She almost wished that Yorigthi had asked for more time in the deal, though she knew she also needed to return home. She did not relish the idea of leaving this peaceful morning silence, sitting at the mouth of the cave to enjoy some fresh air as she sipped some tea she'd just brewed, seeing a touch of purple and red at the edge of the horizon

Yorigthi joined her before too long, standing behind her and placing his hand on her shoulder, squeezing it, "This time with you has been nothing but a delight. I could not have asked for anything better from you, my dear." His fingers stroked along her arm.

She tilted her head to look up at him again. "I take it you don't make deals with other pretty young women to lure them into your lair?" she asked wit a faint smile.

"Generally, no. Seemed like a good idea this time though. And I must say, I was right."

The way he said it caused a shiver to pass down through her body to her toes, and it was not an unpleasant one. How was she ever supposed to be satisfied in the future, knowing that she would always remember the crochety but surprisingly skilled sage?

She rose to her feet and went to him, leaning against him as she did so, nestling her head against his chest and feeling his tentacles writhe in response. He held her to him, caressing and whispering urges in her ears. He ran his hands over her, palms sliding aggressively against the fabric of the blanket as if seeking an opening.

"There is still time before dawn. Do you have anything left in you to share with me yet?" Nalaisi asked with a teasing smile.

He chuckled softly, caressing her face with a tentacle as he began leading her back toward the bed. "I would be happy to, but I would be remiss in violating the terms of our agreement. One sunrise to the next." He paused about halfway in, glancing towards the bed, then back to the entrance of the cave, where between the rocks, they saw the faint glow of the coming day.

"I will not begrudge you extra time for the morn. Of that, I give freely, and ask for only pleasure in return."

"That is an arrangement I find most satisfactory."

By the time they'd reached a conclusion to their activities, it was a couple of hours into the morning. Nalaisi drank some tea, savoring the spices that Yorigthi had added. Some of the scents in the tea, or this chamber, were familiar, making it clear that he ate at least some of the same foods or used some of the same incense or spices as the people of this land. Nalaisi had found peace in this dwelling, and was not quite so eager to return to her family. Now a day and a night almost seemed not enough.

It hadn't been her idea to marry Badru. Her parents had simply wanted a good match for their daughter - as any good parent should - and Badru's parents saw a healthy, attractive enough girl with a pleasant temper and a respectable dowry. She knew she should feel excited about having a good future set out for her, but she felt pretty ambivalent towards her intended groom. Even more so now than the day before...

"Ready to leave?" he asked.

"I suppose."

He stared at her for a couple of moments. "Nothing is preventing you from coming back here. Or preventing me from visiting you."

She was silent.

"Does that idea displease you?"

"... No. I'm just..." She blinked. A lot had happened within the past day. And the conversations she'd had with him between matings had given her new ideas to consider. "You said a lot of things, and I'm still pondering them."

"I see. It has been quite the experience for you, hasn't it?" He touched her cheek. He seemed about to say something further, but shook his head, motioning her forward.