 During the next few weeks he got used to the workings of the farm. It wasn't all fucking day in and day out - far from it. There were other tasks to perform on Brighton Farms, tasks that required his enhanced strength and stamina. New tanks had to be installed, old ones maintained. Food came in daily from the farms surrounding Brighton (normal farms, without any hucows on them) and it had to be carried into the kitchen and prepared. Roofs needed repairing, walls had to be plastered - there were a million and one things that required his attention. Kyle tried his best to help out wherever he was needed. He didn't want to slack when they were paying his salary and besides...the stern Jack Bennett didn't seem like a man one wanted to cross.

The changes in his body continued apace as well. He made regular visits to the farm doctors, who were pleased by his progress - apparently he was responding to the injections a lot better than most. Day by day his strength and muscle mass (and appetite! he was glad food was provided...) increased, with him growing rugged and muscled. He started to grow more hair on his chest and head, which the doctor's assured him was a completely normal side effect. He felt fitter and better than he ever had in his life...hornier, too. His penis had continued to grow a little, and this time it was his testicles that hit a growth spurt. Well, he supposed that all that sperm he was shooting into the hucows had to come from somewhere...

It boggled the mind a bit though. He had never ever thought about being a father, and here he was prepared to impregnate females as part of his job. The doctors told him that hucows were generally not fertile until they went into heat, in which case almost any bull could get them pregnant. There was no strict schedule or roster for breeding - with the increased libidos that both hucows and bulls had, it would have been pointless. 

He never saw Sylvie again - as a nurse, she worked in a different department - but he did come into contact with Maria on more than one occasion. He milked here a few more times - a pleasant occasion for the both of them - and she introduced him to the father of her current child, another bull named Jason. At first apprehensive about meeting him - what would he say? Would Jason get angry that he milked his lover? - Kyle found that he had nothing to worry about. Jason turned out to be a jovial gentleman who was even taller than Kyle and who brushed away all the latter's protestations and apologies with a hearty pat on the back.

"Think nothing of it, Kyle my boy! We're all friends here on the farm. It's good that you and Maria get along so well. She can be quite a handful in the milking room, what with the size of the breasts on her! They're quite a handful aren't they?" he said with a wink. Kyle had to agree.

The three of them had lunch together, and Kyle had a chance to ask Maria and Jason - who were obviously more experienced that he was - about the dynamics of hucow/bull interactions on the farm. Did anyone get jealous? Who milked who? Did pregnancies happen all the time?

The first question made the duo laugh out loud when they heard it. "The rules are different on the farm, Kyle" said Maria. "When one of us goes into heat...well, it's basically first come first serve! Jealously is a purely human concept. We mate with whoever we happen to be with at that time. But we can still be friends before and after!" 

"Milking does have a certain schedule." added Jason. "But that's for the farm to decide. No jealousy here either - I'm happy you did such a good job with Maria!"

"Hucows tend to get pregnant more easily when they are in heat" added Maria "Which your doctors may have told you. But pregnancies are encouraged all the time. It means more milk, and more hucows, both of which we need more of!" 

It took a while for Kyle to digest all this information, but he took it all in stride. Having women passed around in common was hardly more surprising than being turned into a

barrel-chested breeder for busty half human half cow women...as long as it was all for good, and everyone was happy and having fun, who was he to complain? It beat unemployment any day, that was for sure.

He slowly got to know the other hucows on the compound. They came from all races and walks of life, each with different reasons to be at Brighton Farms. More than one had signed up for the exact same reasons he had - the bad economy. They had to deal with the social stigma that came with their life decision ("you're a WHAT now?") as well as the fact that there was no going back - the hucow injection was irreversible. But most of them liked it here.

There was Tara, a bubbly twenty-something who said that she'd always wanted to work on a farm...but never thought it'd be like THIS! Lisa, a divorcee who wanted a fresh start - "I had two kids of my own with my ex-husband...why not have more? I actually get PAID for these!" Allison, a tallish accountancy graduate who said she just wanted to be closer to nature. "City life just wasn't doing it for me...all those numbers weren't making me happy."

Talking to the other hucows was a sometimes difficult affair, especially when estrus was in the picture. When they were in heat, normal conversations were difficult, if not impossible - the pheromones that they let off made it hard for either of them to concentrate on what they were saying. He had the best discussion in the pillow talk that followed a milking session. That way both of their urges and needs were satiated and they could actually converse like normal human beings.

Speaking of urges...though hucows and bulls were not horny 24/7, it was pretty close to it. Not only did the injections stimulate their sex drive, it also enlarged their primary and

secondary sexual characteristics - in plain English, it means that chests, breasts, and penises all got larger. All that coupled with the good food on the farm and clean living meant healthy, athletic, randy, bulls and cows. Kyle was pretty sure that even without the injections, he would be aroused pretty much all the time - it was hard to talk to attractive busty women (the smallest cup size he had seen on a hucow was Double D) and NOT be turned on. 

What with the need for milk and more babies, fucking was encouraged on Brighton Farms, just not in public. Which was just as well - when the day was done and all the milk production accounted for, more often than not bull and hucow still found themselves randy, and so that was why Rooms 400 to 405 (the ones with the large beds) were always open. 

He and Maria banged quite a few times more since, but she explained to him nicely one day that there were other bulls who wanted their turn with her, especially Jason, the father of her unborn child. Kyle nodded understandingly. Rules were different here on the farm, and he didn't feel an ounce of jealousy. In fact, he was kind of turned on thinking about how other bulls would have their way with the sexy young hucow. Would they fuck her from the back? Or maybe pin her against the wall with their strong arms? Maybe he would ask them later and swap notes...

The petite hucow (petite except for her boobs, that is) was quite the talker after sex, and she told him in an excited whisper how she enjoyed being bred, and that she loved nothing more than feeling a new life swell within her stomach. The same hormones that made a hucow a hucow all but eliminated morning sickness, and her wide hips made giving birth a breeze. This was her eight, and maybe next time she'd try for twins! 

Though it was technically a waste to be fucking a pregnant hucow - they couldn't get MORE pregnant - Kyle discovered that he really liked doing so. There was something about the enticing swell of their large bellies that caught his eye and hardened his dick...and it didn't hurt that pregnancy tended to make the hucows's already very large breasts even bigger. And if he was lucky they'd even let him take a drink from their leaking breasts after they fucked - not too much though, if not milk production would be affected! It was true what they said - pregnant women DID have a glow about them, and on Brighton Farms, one out of every two hucows was in the family way almost all the time. 

--

It was a sunny Thursday morning when Jack called him into his office. Kyle got there with time to spare - didn't pay to keep the boss waiting - and found the older man deep in a stack of papers. He said a gruff hello as the young bull entered the room.

"Good of you to come. Been hearing good things about you. Hard-working, conscientious - those are qualities we could use more off on Brighton Farms. How about you? Are you glad you signed up?"

"Yes sir! It's been great. You've all been very good to me. I like it here." Kyle knew he was laying it on a bit thick, but he was just being honest.

"Good. And I'm sure the sex doesn't hurt, right?"

"Yes sir, it doesn't...wait, I mean, no! I mean yes!" Jack's sudden question threw him for a loop, and he recovered only to see the older man grinning at him. Well now. It looked like he was human after all.

"At ease, Kyle. This isn't the army. You'd be inhuman to not be randy with all those beauties strutting around...if I was a little younger I might have signed up myself! But no, I'm stuck with running this place. Ah well. We all have our parts to play. Alright then, back to business." The Jack he knew was back, gruff and proper once more.

"You've never actually impregnated a hucow, right? That's going to change. One of ours is in heat. Daisy's her name. She's experienced. Don't worry about a thing. Get yourself to Room 307. That's all."

Kyle nodded and was out the door in seconds. He'd been on the farm a few months, but no, he hadn't actually knocked up a hucow - it seemed like today that would change though. He wasn't quite sure what he felt about the prospect. I mean, he'd been fucking them, but actually doing the deed with the intention of impregnation...well, it didn't bear too much thinking about. He got to the appointed room and gave it a firm knock. 

Daisy turned out to be a large, blue-eyed lady with a shock of cornflower hair. She was almost as big as he was. Sylvie had been slim, Maria smaller, and the other hucows on the farm of varying sizes, but she was definitely on the plus sized side. But she had the same killer curves and enormous breasts that all the hucows on the farm had...were those things actually larger than her head? She was also spotted - brown and black spots adorned her milky-white skin from head to toe. He had read that certain hucows developed them as part of the reaction to the injections, and he decided that he liked them - it gave her an exotic touch that set off her apple-pie looks. She smiled as he opened the door. 

"Oh, so you're the young bull everyone's been talking about. Maria's says you're good in the sack. Let's see just how?" She spoke with a definite Southern accent, which explained her manners and her looks. 

She laughed - a loud, brash sound like a trumpet horn. No giggling for Daisy. She got straight to the point. Kyle was a little taken aback by her forwards attitude, and a bit must have showed on his face, because Daisy answered his unspoken question.

"Why do I talk like this? Because I'm in heat, that's why! I've been itching to get a nice, hard cock in me since morning, and you're looks like it will fit the bill. Get those trousers

off now."

He complied with her directions. Daisy gave his equipment a long, hard look, finally nodding her head in approval.

"Not bad. Not bad at all. Not the biggest I've seen, but you'll do. After all it's not the size of the boat, but the motion of the ocean!" She threw her head back and let out another

hearty guffaw. Kyle had to say that her laughs were making him a lot less anxious...which was nice, in a way.

"Alright, let's get started. Show me how you use that thing of yours." Daisy lay back on the bed with an expectant smile, and Kyle climbed on with her. It was more like climbing ON her, as well...he got himself lined up and slid in smoothly. She was already wet - estrus did that to a hucow. 

Daisy was an enthusiastic and vocal lover, urging him on with a combination of hip movements and dirty talk ("Ooooh, that's right! Fuck me good! Faster! Harder!") In less than a minute he was spurting into her bottomless pussy. 

Once wasn't enough for this hucow. He had barely finished with his first ejaculation when Daisy started clenching his cock in her tight snatch. Somehow he managed to remain hard within her, (reacting to her estrus?) and started pumping her again. "Ohhhh that's right! Gimme more! More! Fill me up good!" She sure had a way with words...they fucked until he had come again and she had come three times. Maria had been more passive, and Sylvie more active, but the way Daisy had sex was best described as...athletic. She bucked and reared and thrust against him as hard as he did against her, clutching his buttocks and kissing him wildly. It was a bit like fucking a hurricane. 

In the midst of her third orgasm, milk started to dribble from her breasts. She chuckled at his uncomprehending stare.

"These? Yeah, I start to leak milk when I get horny. Not all of us do. Doctor says it's perfectly normal. But you can have some. Here." She hefted a mountainous tit in one hand, offering it to him. 

Kyle didn't need to be asked twice. Quick as a flash he latched on to the dripping nipple and began sucking. Daisy moaned and patted his head affectionately.

"A hungry boy, ain't cha? Let's try something else. Nurse me as you fuck me! That's gonna feel real good, I'll bet." 

It was quite an experience - pumping the sexy hucow as he nursed from her tits (they were big enough, and he was tall enough, that this was actually possible) When she came again he was rewarded with a flood of warm milk into his mouth. But after the fourth (or fifth?) orgasm he decided that he had better get serious. He seized her wide hips in his brawny arms and began to pump her in earnest. 

Daisy was vocal in her appreciation of his efforts. "Ohh yeah! Just like that! Fuck me, fuck me good!"

He did his best, bottoming out of her in each forceful thrust. When his orgasm finally hit, it did so with volcanic force...Kyle heaved his shoulders back and let out a primal roar as

he shot a full load into his hucow lover. There was so much stored in his balls that it foamed up and around her pussy, spilling out onto the bedsheets. Daisy whistled at his spending, impressed. 

"Damn! You got like gallons of that stuff don't you? I think you must have knocked me up five times over or something."

"I'm...I'm sorry." muttered Kyle, suddenly bashful. Had he come too much? Too fast? She said she wanted it...

Daisy laughed throatily again, flicking his nose playfully. "Naah, that's good! That's what you came here for, right? To knock me up? But ain't you the sweetie. I can see what Maria sees in you. Come right back when you have a free moment, Daisy'll treat you right." She gave him a last hug and shooed him out of the room. "Get on out of here! You've got a lot to do today!" Kyle decided he liked the big hucow and her warm, uncompromising manner.

The rest of the day passed uneventfully enough. He had gotten used to the routine chores of the farm, and hauling barrels and sorting packages didn't bother him one bit. Why would it, when he had great food to eat, and sexy women to sleep with? All that and a high salary too...well, there was the little problem about not being able to re-enter normal society, but from where he was standing, normal society could go screw itself. This was better by far.

Kyle settled down to bed that night, a big smile on his face. Signing up to become a bull was the best decision he'd ever made.