 Kyle stretched and yawned as he woke, the sunlight streaming in from his bedroom window. It was another sunny morning at Brighton Farms. Looking at the calendar at the walls, he realized that it had been almost a year since he had come here. A year of a new life, so far removed from his old one that it seemed like it was in another world...and in many ways it was. From unemployed college student to stud extraordinaire - quite a change, but all good.

He set off for breakfast, waving to everyone he met along the way with a cheery hello. He saw Daisy the hucow first, her belly swollen with a new kid on the way ("This should be mah fifth! A big and healthy one!") and then when he sat down for breakfast, who should join him but Li Hua and Maria. The former was almost due for delivery - hucows had a shorter gestation period than humans. She seemed well settled into her new life - occasionally a hint of her past harshness would appear, but the former convict seemed happy enough to work off her sentence in the best possible well. Kyle leered at her mammoth milk-filled tits unabashedly - hey, they were friends now, he could do that - and she just smiled back. They had a milking session scheduled tomorrow, something they were both looking forwards to.

Maria was surprisingly enough without child - the doctors had told her to ease off the breeding for a while. She was as bright and sunny as ever, though, regaling Kyle with tales of how her many lovers had filled up again and again. The petite hucow was one of the most popular on the farm, her cheerful attitude and extreme horniness when being milked making her a hit with all the bulls (and, the rumor had it, more than a few human farmhands) While pleased to hear the stories, Kyle had to tell her to stop so they could finish their breakfast - it wouldn't do to get aroused this early in the morning.

When they were all done, it was time for his morning routine to begin. It was heavy lifting for the first couple of hours - they had a new shipment of food just come in and someone had to unload it. Then it was off to see about the milking stations - apparently the technician's wanted a bull's opinion on one of the faulty ones. Nothing he couldn't handle. With a jaunty wave, Kyle set off to begin his workday.

Two hours later, it was a tired and sweaty bull that made his way to the milking stations. Enhanced strength and stamina notwithstanding, there were limits to even what his new body could do, and he was fast reaching them. Who was the wise guy that ordered TWO TONS of lettuce? If he ever got a hold of him...but first things first. He had some stations to see to, and then he could take a rest.

Kyle looked over out the farm. It hadn't changed much since the day he first got here...the same green fields and red brick houses, the little pond at the side and blue skies overhead. Ah, that pond brought back memories. It was where he saw Sylvie, the sultry hucow nurse who had deflowered him with gusto and much enthusiasm. He hadn't seen much of her since he had started work. He knew she was still on the farm, but from what he heard, she seemed to exist for the sole purpose of breaking in the new bulls - a task she both relished and was very good at. Maybe he fell sick, she would at the infirmary to nurse him back to health...remembering her long legs and tanned breasts, he thought that it might just be worth it.

All that could wait until he finished the morning's work though. He didn't want Jack to yell at him. Five minutes later and he was at Room 207, where the tanks that he was supposed to look at were supposed to be. He knocked on the door. No response. Opening it, who should be there except...Sylvie.

She looked much the same as she did before. Long, flowing blond hair, a pair of horns curving from her head, tail at the bottom of her perfect bubble butt and the same pink uniform...except that now it was decidedly a little tight around the midriff.

She caught him staring and smirked at him. "Hello Kyle...nice to see you again. Yes, I'm pregnant. I'm a hucow, what did you except? Though because I'm a nurse I'm not allowed to get knocked off as much as I'd like to. Duty roster and all." 

"How many months?" Kyle asked.

"Three. I think it was probably one of the newer bulls. Don't worry, it's not yours."

The thought hadn't crossed his mind, but he appreciated Sylvie telling him. "So...how've you been? Besides, ummm...that?"

"Busy, same as you. The farm won't run itself, you know? Speaking of which...aren't you supposed to be here to inspect the tanks or something?"

He had been so distracted by the hucow's belly (and tits...man, did pregnant hucows always have such huge knockers?) that he had forgotten the real reason for him coming here. "Oh yeah, I forgot all about that. Sorry. Here, just let me get started..."

Sylvie favored him with another smirk. Somehow he suspected she knew what he was thinking...but she made no mention of it. "I've already checked them for you and fixed them up. It was a valve pump issue, nothing major. You just have to help me re-install them."

"A pleasure." They worked in silence for a while as Kyle plugged in the re-fitted tanks. He had learned a bit about the technical aspects of tank maintenance in the past few months, and the task was easy enough to complete. Sylvie ran a few last-minute checks as he busied himself with his work, and he was acutely aware of her voluptuous form just inches away from him. Those legs, and those boobs...but no, they were on duty. This wasn't the time.

Or so he was thinking until Sylvie sidled up to him, taking a deep breath of his scent. He had forgotten how...forwards she was. "Oooo, you smell good." she cooed. "Sweaty! I like my bulls sweaty."

"I thought you liked them young?" Kyle couldn't resist the rejoinder. 

"I do, but I like them sweaty as well." She snaked a hand down into his pants and he gasped a little as her soft hand make contact with his erect dick. She let out a husky laugh at his reaction. 

"C'mon, I'm sure we have time for a quickie." She gave him a light kiss which he returned with the utmost enthusiasm. The hucow nurse was a good kisser, using lips and tongue to great effect on him. Before long their one kiss had turned in a heavy make out session, with her hands roaming all over his body. He reached out to seize her firm ass with his hands, relishing its rondure and heft as he fondled it shamelessly. He even found him to slip a finger into her quim, which was beginning to drip quite a bit. Sylvie squirmed against him, enjoying his attentions, but soon had another demand of her own. 

"My breasts are lonely! Get your hands over here."

He was quick to comply. He bent over her, placing his hands over her mountainous udders. They had grown even larger with her pregnancy, hanging down like overripe fruit. He didn't even want to think about what size they must be now...what was past G? He would much rather touch them, and so he, did playing with her diamond-hard nipples and pulling at the two golden rings that adorned them. The saucy hucow groaned at his touch and leaned forwards for another long, deep kiss. 

When that was done, Sylvie found a table in the room to sit on, and flipped up her skirt to expose her moist pussy. He had time to look at it more closely now...it was blond-furred

and puffy with desire. Seeing where his eyes were, Sylvie gave him a naughty smile and spread her legs even wider, dripping a little on the table surface. She was such a tease!

It was time to give her what she wanted. He was no longer the virginal, inexperienced young bull of a few months before - no, he was now a force to be reckoned with! He strode forwards, grabbed the hucow in a tight embrace, and within seconds he was inside her, pounding away. The nurse seemed to like it rough - she squealed in desire as his long, thick rod plundered her inner depths mercilessly. He had had many hucows in his time on the farm, but Sylvie was tighter than them all. Her pussy locked down on him like a vise as she wrapped arms and legs around him. The hucow moaned out his name in passion and they fucked furiously, his large cock plundering the molten depths. He came first, sending a blast of sperm deep into her, and she was a close second, shuddering around him as she peaked as well.

"Well, that was fun..." cooed the hucow into his ear. "Are you up for round two?" Kyle nodded eagerly and positioned himself to take Sylvie again. Maybe from the back this time? But then...

"WHAT ARE YOU TWO DOING HERE!"

The door slammed upon to reveal a very angry Jack Bennett. He pointed an accusing finger at both of them, who had literally been caught with their pants down.

"I should have known...fucking on the job! You both are half an hour behind schedule. I come to see what's the matter and I find...this!" Kyle hung in his head in shame. He knew it was no reason trying to explain to his boss that it was hard to resist the ample charms of a busty, horny, pregnant hucow. 

"Nurse Sylvie! You should know better than this!"

But far from being contrite, the hucow simply wore her same self-assured smirk. She didn't seem to mind the dressing-down one bit, and Kyle had the sneaking suspicious she wasn't the first time she had fornicated on duty.

"Back to work, you two! And don't let me catch you doing this again!" They both nodded - what else could they do? They couldn't exactly continue having sex with their boss staring at them. Sylvie went back to the infirmary, and Kyle had a few more tanks to check before he was done for the day.

--

They did manage to finish their tryst later on. Kyle found her infirmary and she brought him back to her room where she insisted that they finish what they had started in the afternoon. He had gotten used to his strength as a bull now, and so he was confident that she could give Sylvie the reaming she wanted. He had no sooner closed to the door to her quarters than she was on him like white on rice, sucking his cock like no tomorrow. After a very messy blowjob, he returned the favor by eating her out, and then they moved on to the actual act itself. She liked doggy style the best - a bit strange considered her aggressive personality - and one of the sexiest sights in Kyle life as a bull was her blond hair flying about wildly as he pounded into her from behind. 

He found that he didn't really mind being ordered about if it was a sexy hucow that was doing it, and so it complied readily with the nurse's every request. They fucked in missionary, then cowgirl, then reverse cowgirl...the nurse was very limber, and delighted in putting him through his paces in every way possible. He was initially a bit worried about her tummy getting in the way, but Sylvie insisted that it was not an issue. 

He had time to play with her piercings more now, and Sylvie didn't seem to mind the attention he lavished on them. She liked it rough, encouraging Kyle to yank on them (but not too hard!) and even bite down on occasion. He was rewarded for his efforts with a spurt of warm milk into his mouth. It tasted good...kind of spicy, actually. Maria's was more mild, and Daisy's thicker. He guessed even hucows had different...flavors, for lack of a better word. 

And those piercings. Man they were sexy. In his previous life before he had become a bull, he had never really given much thought to piercings (on nipples or otherwise) but now that he had a chance to see so many of them up close, he found them indescribably erotic. Relaxing in the afterglow of their lovemaking, he flicked one of them absently, causing Sylvie to giggle slightly.

"You sure seem to like these, Kyle. Gold is really your color huh?"

"Yeah." he nodded in assent. "But it must hurt to have them put in though. A lot of pain to look pretty."

Sylvie gave him a puzzled look. "These? They are to control the flow of milk when we're not being milked or in heat. Life would be pretty hard without them. You mean you thought they were decorations?" 

Kyle gave a sheepish nod and Sylvie pushed at his cheek affectionately. "Silly boy! But then again, how could you have known, right? Well, you know better now. Make sure you play with them when you fuck us, though...most of us like it!" Kyle smiled and said he would. How could he turn down a request like that? 

And so passed another normal day at Brighton Farms. He was now considered a regular at the farm, and as such he was assigned several new duties, such as teaching the new bulls how to handle themselves when milking ("Remember!" Take the underside of the breast firmly, and don't touch the nipples!") and how to best assist with chores. It was a far cry from when he had first arrived, knowing nothing and doubting his decision. 

Exhausted but satisfied - that Sylvie sure knew how to wear a bull out! - he retired to his room for the night and fell into a gentle slumber.

*****

More audience participation time! I'm not sure what to do with Kyle right now. Should I introduce a new hucow? Would you like to see me revisit some older ground? Let me know what you think!