 Nalaisi knew that for all her life, the memory of her time with the Teuthid would haunt her. Even now, a week later, thinking of him still sent a sear of arousal between her legs, often causing her to become wet. She'd try using her hand, but it of course simply wasn't the same as Yorigthi's own fingers, or his tentacles. Much less his cock. And at home, there wasn't much privacy for such a thing. She slept in the same room as her younger siblings, and although the family was comfortable, space was still limited. There seemed to always be at least one person in each room of the house, and someone to remind her to prepare for her upcoming marriage in one way or another if she wasn't already engaged in routine household chores.

She sighed in frustration as she hiked through the forest, hoping to burn off some energy. She'd jumped upon the rare opportunity of some time to herself and quickly left the house before Mother could change her mind. She was supposed to be meditating, but walking seemed to be her best method of doing so. The steady movement brought her peace, especially if no one was walking with her to intrude into her thoughts with idle chatter.

The smell of a sea breeze gave her pause, and she made a slight turn that would take her to the sea, at an inlet that was not good for fishing, but welcoming to those who sought solitude. As soon as she saw the water, she remembered how Yorigthi had taken her along the shore.

She closed her eye and took a deep breath, feeling the crisp sea wind on her face, hearing the faint howl of the wind. And was that his music, woven into the wind?

o0o

Yorigthi's memory had been just as consumed in the days following Nalaisi's departure. The thought of her writhing beneath him, breasts pressing into his chest with each breath, sounds of pleasure streaming from her lips... mmm. Even now, while he sat on a fallen tree playing his music, he couldn't help but begin getting hard thinking about it.

His fingers dancing along the strings of his harp, he looked out over the ebbing and flowing waves. In truth, he saw neither, his mind still lost to the sensual memories. He longed to see her again. He should visit the village. After what had happened with Badru and his friends, Yorigthi doubted he'd meet any trouble. Nalaisi was his mate, and the way she had regarded him before they parted told him that on some unconscious level, she knew it as well.

o0o

Nalaisi looked up, seeing who other than Yorigthi himself on a log, staring out at the sea as his fingers and tentacles danced along the instrument, playing a faint but pleasing melody. She did not call out to him, and simply continued to listen.

She leaned against a tree, a low sigh escaping her lips. She drifted off with the music, thinking about what it would be like to surprise him. He did say that he intended to see her again. Well, here he was, and here she was. Deciding to waste no time, Nalaisi started to slowly, quietly strip of her clothing before approaching him, naked.

Yorigthi kept playing, waiting until Nalaisi's shadow fell over his form. He looked up, setting aside his harp. 

"Well what do we have here?" he murmured, slipping from the log and onto his knees. He ran his tentacles along her inner thighs slowly, sensually. His hands slid up her body, the touch firm, finding its way to her breasts. He squeezed and caressed, teasing her nipples with calloused fingertips. "So..." he spoke with a casual playfulness, "how are you?"

"I am doing very well, thank you," Nalaisi responded, mirroring his casualness. "It was such a fine morning that I decided to go for a walk." She shivered under his attentions, her nipples hardening as her core started to heat up. She looked down at him and gently touched the back of his head, caressing the skin with her thumb.

"And how are you?" she asked as she felt a tentacle slide near her pussy lips before retreating, leaving her aching more.

"Oh, fine," he shrugged slightly, curling his fingers against her tits. "Just enjoying the weather and the beach. Appreciating all the beauty to be found out here." Two of his tentacles wrapped around and gave her ass a squeeze. Another teased its way up her thigh again, just its tip faintly brushing the lips of her pussy. 

She gave out a slow breath at the teasing. "Did you not miss me, Yorigthi?" she asked, setting her feet a bit apart to give him easier access to her womanhood.

"Do I seem like I missed you?" he inquired, his voice deepening, his hands giving her breasts a firm squeeze. Taking her cue, Yorigthi slid a tentacle slowly inside her. Though it eased in, he pushed it deep, his chest rumbling with a pleased murmur. Another tentacle slid along her pussy lips, slowly slithering to her clit. He circled its tip along the nub, the tentacle within her bending back and forward, teasing those sensitive places he had discovered days before.

"I missed you very much," Nalaisi admitted, before arching in pleasure, whispering his name as she felt the teasing. Her knees became weak as he continued, and she gave out a soft whimper as she slid down to her knees before laying down in the grass, tugging at his shirt.

Yorigthi moved along with her, his attentions never ceasing. He allowed his shirt to be tugged open, revealing his bare chest. His tentacle resumed its attentions and worked within her, moving faster, slick with her wetness. "I hope I'm showing you just how much I missed you," he whispered, other tentacles and hands sliding over her nude form, exploring her familiar flesh as if it were the first time.

"Mmm. It's nice to know how much I've been missed," Nalaisi said with a small smile. "Eery time i thought of you, I would become aroused. But trying to attend to it on my own-" She groaned and arched as the tentacle inside wiggled more firmly, and pressing against the back of his head, she guided Yorigthi's face to her breasts so he could nuzzle them.

And nuzzle them he did, following her lead to do those things that would bring her closer to climax. "I did much the same. That pleasure could not compare to this," he spoke against her skin, his breath warm and wet. His mouth at her breasts, his hands moved down to work at her pussy. Two fingers slid inside to curl rapidly against her g-spot. He lifted his thumb, rubbing gently but quickly at her clit. "Did you miss me, or did you miss this?" he teased, his fingers curling deeper and faster, Yorigthi hoping to bring her to the edge of orgasm.

"I... I-" She gritted her teeth, wiggling her hips against his hand. "Yorigthi... I'm so close-" She let out soft mewling sounds, her knees pressing against his sides. "I... can I miss both?" She bit her lip as she wiggled around furiously, feeling the grass against her rear end

"Of course you can," he whispered, teasingly. As he spoke he withdrew his fingers from her, pulling away from her pussy and clit before reaching up to pin her arms teasingly over her head. His tentacles reached down, caressing at her neck and face, 'kissing'. "If you missed me enough, there's no reason to go through that again."

"Why did you stop?" Nalaisi asked frantically, wiggling around desperately, she'd been so fucking close before he stopped. "Why did you stop, I was almost there!" she demanded, her dark eyes meeting his own as she looked up at him imploringly, his tentacles surrounding and caressing that lovely face.

"Because," he whispered, "I have something I want too. You want to feel good? I want to make you feel that pleasure every day, again and again. But I can only do that if you agree to be my wife. What do you say?" he reached a hand down, teasing it along her thigh, coming dangerously close to caressing her pussy and pushing her the rest of the way into her climax.

"Th... that's not fair, Yorigthi..." When he touched her, she wiggled against the hand, her need all too clear. Of course, he didn't give her release just now. "You have me in... a rather... compromising position."

"Do I?" he whispered curiously. He caressed her face and neck again, touching and teasing, his hand massaging her inner thigh. "I know how much you enjoy this. Be my mate and you'll be able to get release whenever you desire it. You know I'm more than capable of providing you pleasure whenever you want me."

She wanted to say yes very much, though she wasn't sure if that was just because of how he was touching her at the moment. "You... touching me like that-" she wiggled, "Is making it difficult for me to think straight... Damnit, just let me orgasm so I can think!" she blurted out, frustrated at being kept on the brink while asked to make a serious decision. Instinctively, she knew the answer already, but hadn't imagined being proposed to in a situation quite like this.

"Mmm, you want it bad, don't you?" he teased. "So demanding." His thumb stroked at her inner thigh, inching closer and closer. "How about, instead of demanding, you ask me?" He wouldn't use the word 'beg'; he knew she was too prideful for that. But it was clear what he meant.

"Yorigthi... will you make me cum? Please?" Nalaisi fluttered her eyelids at him, slowly bearing her hips down on his hand. She lifted a knee, gently rubbing it against his groin.

Yorigthi couldn't resist that. But she'd have to wait just a moment longer; long enough for him to cast aside his leggings. He did so rapidly, throwing them aside and turning back to top her. He grabbed her legs, spreading them far as he plunged himself deep inside her, his hips rocking rapidly as his body slapped powerfully into hers. "Cum for me," he demanded, whispering lowly. "I want to feel you welcome my cock."

"No, you cum for me," Nalaisi shot back in mock challenge, wrapping her legs around his middle and clenching around him, remembering how well he enjoyed that. She moaned as she felt his flesh slide against hers, inching her towards the brink again. Her tits jiggled with his thrusts, and she arched into him, crying out his name.

"Mmm," he growled in pleasure, looking down into her eyes, meeting her challenging gaze with one of his own. "Gladly. But you first." He leaned forward, keeping her legs widely spread, slamming into her balls deep. His tentacles once again found her face and neck, caressing them wildly with his kisses as they both pushed their way toward powerful orgasms.

Under his attention, there was no way she could resist, especially after having been teased so mercilessly before, and she came, clenching around him hard as her passage became slicker. "Yorigthi... Yorigthi..." She hooked her ankles around his back, so that after he came, she wouldn't let him pull out.

As wildly as they were fucking, he felt his orgasm barreling down on him. "Nalaisi," he moaned her name back, his head lolling back. He came fast and hard, releasing her legs so he could wrap his arms around her. His thrusts slowed, each pushing more and more of his seed into her.

She continued to clench around him to milk him of his release, knowing there would be more soon enough. She gave him a lopsided grin, keeping her grip on him as he shivered and slowed his thrusts as he floated down from his pleasure. She wiggled against his pelvis. "Damn. That was just what I needed," she breathed.

"That and more?" he teased, admiring her pleased expression, "The attentions of a loving husband? The security of a wealthy spouse? The protection of a guardian who would smite those who would bring you harm?" He laid atop her, hand moving to run its fingers through her hair. His subtle thrusts continued, a soft moan echoing in Yorigthi's throat. "Do you see the benefit of being my mate?"

"Yes," she admitted, resting her head against his arm. She never would have been happy with Badru, she saw that now. Not after having known the passion of this mysterious and powerful creature.

"Mmm," I'm pleased to hear it," he whispered, leaning in and nuzzling at her face and neck once again. "We will have to work out the details eventually. For now though, I'm content with company, conversation, and then seeing how many more times I can make you cum before we decide to go to my cave."

o0o

Nalaisi leaned over as she flipped over the flatbread, ensuring its evenness before she served it up to her mate for their supper. Eggs cooled in a bowl of cold water after she'd hard-boiled them.

It had taken a bit getting used to, the quiet of Yorigtho's cave after the near-constant chatter of sharing a house with her parents, younger siblings, and a sister-in-law who was expecting her first child. Marriage to Badru would have been more of the same, but with different people. Here, she actually had time to think. And if she was feeling too lonely, Yorigthi did not bar her from going to the village.

It had been so easy for the Teuthid to make his demand of Badru. Honor dictated that the young man fight for his betrothed, but he already knew what it was to battle a Teuthid, and would not repeat that mistake. Nalaisi did not blame him, nor did she wish him ill. Already he was betrothed to another young woman.

Spiced fruit preserves would be spread on the warm flatbread, and there would be some of Yorigthi's home-brewed spirits mixed with vegetable juice to wash down the meal. Once the bread was done, she placed it in the covered basket, lying out another piece of bread to bake.

Almost on cue, she heard footsteps and looked up to see her lover's silhouette in the cavern opening, which was often left open in fair weather. He was clad in only a pair of leggings which emphasized the generally lean form of Tethids. His race, and their progenitor came from a sea beyond the stars, Yorigthi explained. When Teuthids came to other worlds, they were drawn to the sea and the land that bordered it. Some of them, such as the cliff-dwellers, carved out semi-permanent homes, using natural caverns and grottoes as a foundation. Naturally, they were also avid swimmers. Nalaisi would swim with him sometimes, but his abilities far exceeded hers. Sometimes he would bring home treasures for her, or fish for their meals.

This time he had nothing, but as they were so well-stocked, she had no reason to complain. She greeted him warmly, and he in kind before he settled down for the meal she'd prepared for him. She passed the basket to him and he lifted the bread out of it, spreading some jelly on it before rolling it up, a feat only possible when the flatbread was still warm and pliable.

Teuthids had a curious way of eating, she'd noted. They had no lips, and their mouths were surrounded by tentacles. It was possible to drink from a cup, but not as simple as it was for a human. They might use knives to cut apart meat, but they eschewed forks in favor of their tentacles, using them almost the same way an elephant fed itself with its trunk. A rolled-up piece of flatbread was an easy way for a Teuthid to consume human food. Upon noticing this previously, she'd tried meat and cheese rolled up in flatbread or leaves, and Yorigthi enthusiastically consumed her cooking.

Nalaisi took out a punch of salt and placed it into a small bowl for them to use for their hard-boiled eggs. She tore up pieces of her own, dipping it into a small bowl of fruit jelly.

"A refreshing swim and a fulfilling meal," Yorigthi commented as he ate the last egg. "I find these things invigorating."

"And I know what happens when you become invigorated." Nalaisi tilted her head, smirking faintly.

He laid back on the cushions, tentacles faintly writhing against his chest and stomach. "Oh, you know, do you?" he challenged lightly. She slid over to him, leaning against his shoulder as she lightly pressed her forehead to his own. She placed gentle kisses along the ridge below his eyes, just above where the tentacles started. This was the closest thing to a kiss she was able to give her mate, but he seemed to take great pleasure in it nonetheless.

He lifted his tentacles from his stomach so he could pull her into his lap. She wiggled against his groin in an experienced rhythm, his flesh stirring against her before long.

"I'm not wrong, am I?" Nalaisi asked teasingly. He chuckled softly.

"Not in the least bit."

o0o

Yorigthi was capable of great gentleness - and submission. If Nalaisi climbed on top of him, he was happy to give her the attention she wanted. It was a pleasure to him to use his fingers or tentacles on her when she spread herself. She'd proved herself to be an eager mate, showing no reserve in her affections.

He heard her soft groan as she rolled over, placing a bit of distance between herself and him as they cooled in the glow of their shared bliss. One of his tentacles reached out to run along her spine, trailing gently along the sweat-dappled skin. A short, soft hum escaped her throat, and he continued his lazy attentions. His other hand drifted down to his organ, cupping it lightly. It was sticky with their juices, and well-spent.

No matter how many times he coupled with her, he would never tire of the feeling of her slick tightness around him, or the way her mouth and hands eagerly explored and tasted him. Even now, tired as he was, his cock stirred a bit. He looked down at it, flipping it gently onto his stomach. He hadn't appreciated this part of his anatomy so much before he'd gotten a mate. Now he had a better understanding of why some human males might act so irrationally when the subject of sex was involved. At least, to an extent. Teuthids didn't debase themselves by fighting over who had the bigger cock - literally or metaphorically.

Besides, there were much better things to do. Among those were several that he'd done within the last hour upon her.

Although she'd initiated this coupling, it was Yorigthi who ended up in control, fucking her roughly several times before the session came to an end. It was remarkable how well she'd come to adapt to being the partner of a being who had strength and stamina beyond that of even a healthy and exceptionally virile human male. Teuthids were intellectual creatures by nature, many of them becoming scientists, researchers, or librarians, but once a Teuthid obtained his mate, it revealed a carnal side that few would imagine to exist in a race that generally exhibited itself as dour and reserved to outsiders.

After Nalaisi's breathing slowed, she shifted around, moving closer to him again, but several inches remained between their bodies. He did not move, but he lifted his arm, running his hand along her side and hip. After a few minutes, he pulled the blanket over their bodies, closing his eyes as a tentacle idly trailed along Nalaisi's face.

In R'lyeh, Cthulhu slept, waiting and dreaming, as the saying went. Yorigthi was content to do that right here, in his bed, besides the woman that was now bound to him.

o0o

Ishui - I appreciate your feedback. I did try to give some development, but I also write novels (and enjoy the world-building/character development aspect of it) but I didn't want to focus too much on development in a work of erotica. That's why we're here - for the written porn :P. It's a fine line between spending too much time on non-smut details and development, and writing a porn-without-plot story (and I'm not much a fan of these, admittedly) Nonetheless, when I edit this story, I do intend to do just a bit more fleshing out of the earlier part of this story.

I'm still getting a feel for my Teuthids and developing them as individuals and as a race overall and of course, I intend to write more tentacle porn, including a modern-day one. I welcome any and all feedback, including suggestions for what you'd like to see in future stories (tentacles or otherwise).