 Hello All,

I hope this finds you well.

I've had a busy few years with grad school, other writing endeavors, and just life in general, so I haven't had much time for Literotica.

However, when I saw that the Nude Day contest was coming up, I had just the story in mind. If you're familiar with my work, you know that I have a fondness for blending science fiction with sex. This particular setting lent itself to a lack of clothing so I figured I'd dive into the contest this year.

I do hope you enjoy the tale and appreciate any votes, favorites, or comments.

ShyChiWriter

******************

Dr. Enod Stigsen stood in front of the gathered crowd. In the assembly dome sat a large segment of the younger generation of the colony ships.

Enod looked around forty years of age. In fact, he was just shy of 110. It had been nearly ten years since his last rejuve treatment.. As a scientist and a doctor, he didn't mind the greying temples. As a scientist and a doctor, it helped to have a bit of 'distinguished' about his appearance.

Adept at public speaking, and also co-chair of reproductive education, the doctor had set the kids at ease from his first word and was just wrapping it up.

"And so, we find ourselves at the end of ten years aboard our colony ships. Some of you were just children when we started, some were teens. You are going to be starting a new existence. Life aboard a Terra Corps ship is restricted by nature. On a ten year voyage, we must limit the number of offspring and the number of commitment contracts. Now that we are entering our target system for colonization, the rules have changed. The chronological age for contracts has now been lowered from age 25 to 18."

A buzz went through the crowd of young people and he saw several excited smiles.

"Relationship contracts may only be for 1 or 3 year terms for any individuals under 30 years of age. As much as you may be in love and wish for a 40 year contract, the corps does not certify such durations for anyone. You can always renew at the end of each term. We recommend that you apply for contracts soon, because the coordination officers are already drawing up assignments and they do their best to keep pairs together. Now, as for offspring..."

He paused, already knowing the excited buzz that would follow.

"It is a natural instinct to wish to procreate upon reaching a new planet. We are, after all, terraforming and settling these planets. There is a lot of land to be filled and the human psyche will organically respond to the natural urges to produce children to fill that land. However, there are also untold dangers; viruses, bacteria, and possibly radiation that might affect unborn children. For that reason, there is a mandatory waiting period of one terran year, minimum. Contraceptive bots will remain in place and your bio sensors will report any attempt at removing or sabotaging them. However, there is nothing stopping you from pretending like you are trying to have children, which can certainly be fun."

A flurry of giggles went through the crowd, especially the front row girls. There was always a group of late-teeagers and early twenty-somethings who could always be found gazing admiringly at Dr. Stigsen in any class or gathering. He was used to the attention, though never comfortable with it. It wasn't just his looks and his intelligence that garnered such attentions. There was a rumor (this one, in fact, true) that Dr. Stigsen was the foremost tantric practitioner in their little fleet.

Many men and women owed thanks to Dr. Stigsen for his workshops and instructions in the ancient art. If they young ladies knew that Dr. Stigsen's teachings were mostly along the lines of mental and physical exercises, they might have been a bit less enamored. As it was, visions of him on a stage, demonstrating proper technique on a nubile, willing volunteer were common fantasies among the younger women of the corps. Many of them entertained fantasies of being such a volunteer.

Dr. Stigsen did his best to ignore these youthful admirers and simply treat them with respect, ignoring their veiled or sometimes overt overtures after his lectures.

One young woman did keep catching his eye, a redhead with green eyes and a stunning face. She also had curves that had not been there the last time he'd seen her. He did his best to not let his eyes linger.

He continued his spiel on procreation. "After the year, we will either send out an all-clear or an extension. If it is an all-clear, you will be able to request your local health consoles to deactivate the contraceptive measures. Trust me, with a new pairing, having a year or more without the time constraints of a young one can be very enjoyable."

Another flurry of giggles followed.

"It is now time to make your decisions. You have two days to submit your applications for any disciplines you have mastered as well as your contract requests. I wish you happy colonizing, and happy contracting."

The crowd burst into excited applause.

As the room cleared, Stigsen tried his best to make a hasty retreat. He was able to avoid the young ladies with racing hormones, but Commander Lodacio was suddenly there in front of him.

"Stig, great talk," said the commander.

"Thanks, Commander," said Enod.

"Come on, Stig. We've known each other too long for titles."

"Fair enough, Mozan," said Enod. "Then let me save you some time, I don't want the hospital on Gaia 5."

"Stig, you're killing me, here," said the Commander. "You're the best doctor we've got."

"That point is debatable," said Enod. "But, I'm also your top climate scientist. A hospital on a planet of 2000 inhabitants is the equivalent of being a small-town doctor. In a couple of years, I'll be nothing more than a busy baby doctor. No thank you. On Hanshin's planet, I have the chance to actually make the weather. There are 18 people in the history of humankind who have done that. I intend to be the 19th."

"No wiggle room?" asked the commander.

"No wiggle room." Enod concurred.

"Well, Stig, we'll miss you on Gaia 5."

"I'll always be available by comm, Moze. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got to catch up with someone."

Enod rushed out of the gathering hall and was relieved to see the shapely forms of two redheads walking away from him.

"T'Laine! T'Laine," he called out. The older (and more full-figured) of the two women turned to see who was calling her. Upon seeing who it was, her heart started pounding ten percent quicker.

T'Laine was almost the same age as Enod and had also passed her century mark. Thanks to rejuve, she currently looked very much like her thirty-something self. Although T'Laine's hair was more of an auburn, someone had once told her that she resembled an ancient actress from Earth named Christina Hendricks. She had looked up images--and didn't mind the comparison.

"Well, hello Dr. Stigsen," T'Laine said, smiling. "To what do we owe the honor?"

"I just wanted to talk. Hello, L'Gia, how've you been?"

The younger of the two women, T'Laine's daughter (who had been sitting in the front row), blushed furiously.

"I've been good, Dr. Stigsen. Thank you for your talk. It's a very exciting time, isn't it?"

"It is indeed. So, how many contract offers have you had?"

She blushed again.

"No serious ones and I'm not in a relationship now."

"As intelligent as you are? I'd have thought you'd have been inundated."

L'Gia grew more business-like. "That's the problem, Dr. Stigsen. None of the offers I've gotten have been based on my brains. We're starting a new planet. Any boy who thinks I should pick him just to be his arm candy is a fool in two ways. One, he's not recognizing what I have to contribute. Two, looks aren't all that valuable on a homestead or a science station. I'd rather go uncontracted for a time and do real work than partner up with someone who wants me for my looks and be stuck on a post where I don't get to make a real change."

"Well spoken, young lady. Well spoken," said Enod. "You'll do well. If you wouldn't mind, I'd like a word with your mother."

"Of course, Dr. Stigsen. It was good seeing you."

"That's quite a girl you've got there, T'Laine," said Enod as they watched the younger woman walk away.

"Thank you, Enod, she's getting there."

"I'd say she's arrived," said Enod as he watched the daughter round the corner out of sight.

"Oh you would, would you, you old lech," said T'Laine with a knowing wink.

"I'll be the first to admit that she's lovely," said Enod. "But I've seen her exam scores. She's the whole package."

"Indeed," agreed T'Laine. "Well played on complimenting her mind. Nothing riles her more than people talking about her looks in the wrong circumstance."

"Reminds me of someone else I know," he said with a wry grin.

"So tell me, Enod. What do you want to discuss, I'm guessing it's not my lovely, intelligent daughter."

"Well, it partially is, T'Laine," explained Enod. "I've been offered a research station on Hanshin's Planet. It's a three year charter with a staff of four to start out with."

"Congratulations Enod, you deserve it! Well done." said T'Laine. "Medical station?"

"No," said Enod. "Boots on the ground, preliminary research. I'm to be the head climate engineer on Hanshin's, in charge of all weather planning as we shape the planet."

"Enod! Wow! You've always wanted that! Ever since you were young!'

"Indeed I have," he agreed. "The station is to be key in the early research."

"Oh my Chron, Enod," said T'Laine. "That's amazing!"

Enod suddenly got quiet and shy, looking down and not meeting her eyes.

"The thing is, T'Laine, I saw on the manifest that you were no longer partnered with Mikhael."

"No," she said, "Mikhael and I had a good run. He was a good mate for the voyage, but we grew apart. Besides, he's a construction specialist. He'll be out building towns and cities, not a great match for my specialty. A hydrologist can get pretty bored designing aqueducts and sewage systems. Not that they aren't necessary, but... Enod! Are you offering me a slot at your station?!"

"I am indeed," he said. "I was also hoping..."

He trailed off, unable to look her in the eyes.

"Enod, what is it?"

"T'Laine, I was hoping you'd take the assignment with the idea of considering a contract with me."

T'Laine was dumbstruck.

"Dr. Enod Stigsen, are you proposing to me?"

"Only if you're amenable. I just...I figured we might be compatible, you know."

"'Might be compatible'," said T'Laine echoing his phrase. "Oh, Enod, you're going to have to do better than that."

Enod lifted his eyes to hers and looked at her very sincerely.

"You're right, T'Laine. I can do better. Here's what I have to say. Many lifetimes ago I had a date with a charming, funny, smart, beautiful young redhead. I was 24, she was 18. We went for dinner and a walk. At the end of the date, I got to kiss her, once. The next day I was drafted. In the time since that kiss, I've been through two wars, had four contracted partners, and a fair share of liaisons. But, through it all, that kiss with that young woman has lingered in my mind above all else. Our paths have crossed now and again. Every time one of us has been paired or otherwise engaged. T'Laine, when I saw your name as uncontracted on the roster my heart nearly stopped. I can't say if it will work out or not, but I'd like to try. Even if doesn't, I know how competent you are and we're going to need an ace hydrologist for Hanshin's. Even if it means just one more kiss from you, it'll be worth it."

T'Laine's mouth hung open for what felt like an eternity until she finally was able to find words.

"Now that, Enod Stigsen, is the proper way to ask a woman if she'd like a contract."

"I do what I can," said Enod.

"But what's my daughter have to do with any of this?" asked T'Laine.

"Well, I saw that she was also uncontracted and she just received her Master's Cert in soil management. We also need a soil specialist at my station."

"Do you now?" said T'Laine. "But you mentioned four. What's the fourth position?"

"An engineer. We'll need an electronics and bot specialist to help build out our compound, as well as to assist the other three with their tech in their research."

"Of course," said T'Laine. "Who were you thinking?"

"Well, my boy, Brond, has more talent in tech than anyone twice his age."

"Brond, eh?" said T'Laine. "Even with the history he has with my daughter?"

"They were kids," said Enod. "And that was ages ago."

"Only three years," said T'Laine. "I've never seen a feud quite like that. Those wounds run deep."

"I know," said Enod. "But, when I saw your girl the other day; her smile, her beauty. I know my boy, he can hold a grudge all he wants, but he won't stand a chance against that face, or that mind."

"Now there's a thought," said T'Laine. "My daughter and your boy pairing up after all these years."

"That's the general idea," said Enod.

"Look at you, playing matchmaker, old man. Are you sure you aren't hoping that for yourself, you old horndog?" asked T'Laine. "Snag yourself a bio-real nubile once you get her there?"

Enod blushed.

"Well now, I'd be lying if I said I hadn't noticed her in that sense, but mainly because of how much she reminds me of you at that age."

"I'll take that as a very fine compliment," she chuckled. "Since we're on it, that boy Brond of yours stirs up some lustful young memories for me, as well. It will take some doing, but I'll work on L'Gia, you work on Brond. Let's get them signed up for your station, and let nature take its course from there."

"Sounds like a plan," said Enod!

"And Enod?" asked 'T'laine. "This contract. Were you thinking one or three years?"

"Since the initial charter is three years, I thought that would be a good duration?" said Enod matter-of-factly.

"Excellent plan," said T'Laine. Then she got a wicked smile on her face and pulled in close to him, running a finger down his chest. "What about the terms? Exclusive, flexible, or poly?"

"I would leave that to you," he replied. "We'll be fairly isolated, but within two or three hours of other stations by sled, not to mention the shuttle."

"And you're really not thinking about sexy young redhead you just saw, so ripe for the picking? Or what about your son? You don't think that strapping young lad of yours might not be too tempting for me? You're not picturing that young stud of a son breeding me when the time comes?"

Enod couldn't suppress a gasp and blushed, then, in his deep sensuous voice, he started to chuckle.

"You do have a wicked sense of humor, T'Laine. You may look much the same, but you are certainly not the innocent eighteen-year-old I dated."

She pulled him close to her, putting her forehead against his conspiratorially.

"You have no idea," she murmured in a sultry tone.

He put his hand around her waist and pulled her even closer, her perfect full breasts crushing against him.

"That's perhaps the best reason of all for going exclusive," he said. "The things we know, the things we've done. I don't know about your daughter, but my boy is still fairly innocent. We should let them teach each other those things, not learn things someone can only know after decades of contracts and lovers."

"Agreed," she said, smiling. "Now come here."

She pulled him into a kiss and for a moment, they were suddenly transported back to the two starry eyed lovers they'd been many lifetimes ago.

When it ended, T'Laine looked up at him with an adoring expression.

"Exclusive it is," she said.

"Perfect," he said, smiling. "I'll file our intent to contract today, and we can make it official planetside, the day our house is completed."

"How lovely," said T'Laine. "Enod, I'll warn you, I'm a handful both in bed and out of it. But, once I sign a contract, I never break the terms. Never have, never will."

"The same goes for me, amazing woman. I look forward to this adventure."

"Oh, Enod, one other thing? Are you going to get a rejuve jolt before we ship out?"

"After that kiss?" he said. "I'm going to rejuve the first chance I get."

"So am I," said T'Laine. "So am I."

***

Brond sat in their main living area. At nineteen, he was a youthful reflection of his father, though a few centimeters taller. He had once been skinny but had started filling in over the past couple of years. He had dark curly hair, piercing blue eyes, and a generally serious expression.

He waited in nervous anticipation. His father had been over to the other colony ship delivering an address to the younger members in that contingent. His father had also said that he might have some news on their assignments when he returned.

Brond's birth mother had also been in the Corps, but her contract with his father had ended when Brond was nine. She had moved on to go civilian in another system and his Dad had taken the mission to the Zant system. The system appeared to have five planets in the habitable zone around three separate stars. With those odds, Terra Corp had made the gamble of sending their biggest fleet of Colony ships to date. Four full-sized cargo transports, two interstellar cruisers, and three trailing barges full of enough equipment to make the mind boggle. Of course, shaping the surface and orbits of planets was no small feat. Even though they would be producing equipment from materials in the target system, a lot of existing technology was still needed.

All-told, there were nearly six thousand personnel, counting officers, specialists, and offspring. The Corps tended to avoid the word 'children', because that implied an innocence or undreadiness. Corps Kids were trained from day one to be ready for any exigency. By the age of 11, Brond had been certified to fly shuttles. At 13 he was a qualified mechanic, at seventeen, a master technician across three disciplines (bio-tech, electronics, and nano-tech). He was also fully qualified in crisis management, projectile weaponry, and hand combat.

Now, at nineteen, finally, they were going to be hitting dirtside. Diagnostics and telemetry had confirmed that a surprising three of the five planets would be habitable with work. The fourth was not one where people could live, but it was metal rich and would provide ample resources for the planets they would settle. The fifth planet had a toxic, gaseous atmosphere that was best left alone. Still, four winners out of five was already way ahead of the curve.

Now, they just had to wait for their assignment.

The metal planet was simply named Galena and would be used for mining metals.

Orbiting the sun farthest from them, were Gaia 5 and and Ares 7, two planets in opposing orbits. Gaia was the prize, a true blue marble with 60 percent water covering the surface and much of the land in temperate zones. Since Gaia 5 would need almost no work, it would be the site of the largest colony with a primary goal of reproduction and agriculture. The plan was to leverage whatever indigenous flora and fauna existed and slowly introduce earth plants and species that were genetically modified to co-exist on the planet.

Ares 7 was more Mars-like. Slightly further away from its star, it did have a good portion of CO2. The engineers figured they could start nudging the planet into a closer orbit and get started with microbe seeding that would convert the atmosphere to a sufficient Oxygen content within two years.

The prize planet was Hanshin's Planet, named for the astronomer who had first identified the system. Hanchin's was the fourth planet around a bright star, and the first on the fleet's path. Hanshin's held a lot of promise, but a lot of challenges. It was on the inner edge of the habitable zone, so it was hotter. This meant more severe weather patterns, higher winds, all of it. However, the atmosphere was already breathable and there was sufficient water to get things started. The plan was to start the terraforming process while also doing the reverse of Ares 7. Corps engineers would start to nudge the planet out an additional 10% from its orbit to establish a more human-friendly, weather-stable system.
