 Author's note-I know its been a long, long time. See my main page for an explanation. Some things in the story have changed, I really wish I could edit, but if you've read to this point you're fine. I'll work the changes in over the next couple chapters. Welcome back to the Island of Frith, a place I wish in my heart of hearts was real.

Awakening 

A witch. Larken's heart jumped and danced at the thought. She loved reading about the pagan religions of old when she was younger, and had even joined a coven towards the end of high school. But her hopes for a deeper connection to the earth and the ability to cast spells were quickly dashed. It was all rituals and ceremonies, and after six months of chanting while burning candles and herbs she quit. Larken looked at her mother waiting for the eye roll, but she was regarding the woman pensively, no inkling of doubt or sign of a snarky response.

"Trees are conscious," the woman said. "They communicate with one another, and with us. At least they try too. Most humans can't or downright refuse to hear them." She held her hand out. "Bridget, it's a pleasure to meet you."

Larken took her hand and the hairs on the back of her neck stood up. Bridget's smile grew and she offered her hand to her mother who looked towards Mona Bell's pretending not to notice. "We're losing our suitcases." She almost never shared her name with complete strangers, a safety precaution drilled into her growing up.

"Which means you're staying on Frith," Bridget said, without missing a beat. "The only people allowed to do so are islanders. Do you feel it?"

"Feel what?" Larken asked.

"The convergence of energies vibrating underfoot." Bridget gestured to the hills, her arm moving with the fluid grace of a dancer. "Frith is special for reasons beyond its general beauty and unusual past. The island sits at a point on the earth where ley lines intersect."

Larken saw her mother's eyes droop and she opened her mouth, the sarcastic retort on her lips. 

"Your food is ready," Thomas said, inserting himself between them and Bridget.

Her mother smiled pleasantly and said, "It was nice to meet you Bridget. But we're on a tight schedule. Good luck."

They headed for Mona Bell's, and the moment Thomas and her mother weren't looking Bridget grabbed her arm. "Listen to the trees, they're trying to tell you who you are." She smiled wistfully and let her go. "Embrace the gift you've been given."

Larken hesitated a moment, then quickly said, "Thank you." 

She ran after her mother and Thomas her mind going a mile a minute. The wind picked up and all thoughts of ley lines and witchcraft disappeared. Her nose was suddenly cloyed with an earthy scent filled with spices, the salt of the ocean, and an almost overpowering flavor of masculine...something. It was impossible to discern or even for her mind to try. Her vision sharpened then blurred, and heat roared through her until her skin was smoldering. She took a deep breath trying to clear her head and the world tilted as her senses overloaded. Arousal flooded her limbs, the scent saturating her senses until her whole body was throbbing. Sex. She wasn't just craving it, she was desperate for it. She remembered the first time she got aroused, so shocked at how out of control her body was at such a young age. This was ten times worse. 

"Larken!" Her mother was walking backwards, gesturing for her to hurry up. 

Larken shook her head and picked up her leaden feet. The moment she took a step, her mother turned back around. As she moved past groups of people different scents would assault her. And that's exactly what it felt like, an assault. The smack of smells bombarded her from every direction, cloying her senses until her nose, mouth, and throat felt coated with them. But underneath them all, drawing her forward was that earthy, spicy scent. It travelled through her, setting her alight and making her want more.

By the time she reached her mother at the walkup counter of Mona Bell's, Thomas had her meat pie in hand. He smiled and held it out for her to take. She couldn't smell the food, not over the scent, which was so strong she was close to shaking.

"Oh my god," her mother mumbled, around a mouthful of food. "This is pure heaven."

Larken reached for the meat pie and cleared her throat. "Thank you." Her fingers brushed Thomas's and she licked her lips, her legs suddenly weak and rubbery. The scent was coming from him.

"You're welcome." Thomas's smile faltered and he abruptly stepped back. "I have to get the zealot to Bellhaven. I'll see you tomorrow." He started for the docks and then looked over his shoulder. "The Blakes were held up. They'll be here in a little over twenty minutes. Welcome home."

Larken caught his nostrils flare and wondered if he was experiencing the same thing she was. "Thanks again Thomas," she said, trying to act normal.

He threw her a quick smile and strode purposefully towards the docks. She watched him walk away, the food in her hand forgotten. His scent wasn't as powerful or overwhelming as it was a moment ago, more wisps on the wind. And the wind was blowing in his direction. She caught his shoulders hitch and his hands curl into fists, but he didn't slow his step. Larken admired his stride, the confidence and surety in each step, the lines of his form, and the richness of his hair. She imagined running her fingers through it, and tasting his full lips as he laid her down in the grass.

"You're going to burn a hole in his ass." Darby waved a hand in front of Larken's face and snapped her fingers.

Larken jumped and almost dropped the meat pie. "What?"

"There she is, back from the land of lust."

"I don't know what's wrong with me," Larken muttered. She took a bite of the meat pie and looked at her mother stunned, the extreme arousal finally abating.

Darby smiled and gobbled up the last of hers. "I know right? I tried not to inhale mine, and as you can see I failed. So what's wrong?"

Larken was suddenly ravenous, the food somehow helping her get back control of her body. "I could smell Thomas," she said, looking towards the dock. "And not just smell him, but...like...really smell him, the man, and it did something to me. I was so horny a minute ago I wanted to rip his clothes off." She took another bite making yummy noises. It was impossible not to. 

Darby studied her and looked around, almost feeling the island vibrate under foot. She'd had a full sex dream in a matter of seconds and now Larken was experiencing her own sexual phenomena. An uncomfortable thought, but not one that could be ignored. "Maybe we should go back to Bellhaven. Just temporarily, we could-"

Larken was gone. She was a toddler all over again, disappearing in the split second Darby turned her head. Then she spotted her, walking up the nearest road. She didn't even hesitate, their luggage was inside Mona Bell's safe and secure, her daughter wasn't. She rushed up the street going through and around tourists. While not all the streets on the island allowed cars, this was the main thoroughfare through town and the only road to the brewery. So the sidewalks were packed as people strolled past the shops, cafes and small town storefronts for local needs, adding that extra homey feel. She kept her gaze focused on Larken, her annoyance growing.

Larken stood at the intersection not sure which way to go. Her body was heating up again, the constant barrage of smells making her lightheaded. She knew she was only smelling men, because each man's individual scent affected the state of her arousal, which just added to her discomfort. The light changed and she crossed the street going with the flow of pedestrians. A faint scent on the breeze tickled her nose. She hadn't been imagining it. Reaching the other side of the street she tried to figure out which way. The road led to the main entrance of the brewery, while the side street was closed to vehicles and eventually became a path to the brewery restaurant over the falls. 

Suddenly her arm was grabbed and she was whipped around. "How are old you?" her mother hissed.

"Excuse me?" Larken asked, distracted.

"I look away for a second and you disappear!" She kept her voice soft and low but the fury was clear.

"I said, what's that?" Larken replied, surprised by her anger. "It was so enticing I had to track it down. I thought you saw what I was doing."

"What's what?" her mother asked, suspiciously.

"It's another scent," Larken replied. "It's faint, but..." She took a deep breath trying to catch it again. "It warms my insides and makes me feel ridiculously happy."

"Are you pregnant?" 

Larken blinked a few times completely shocked, then she burst into laughter. "No, nope, and no way in hell. Why would you think that?"

Pregnancy nose," her mother replied, pulling her further into the side street. "You're suddenly picking up on smells like it's a super power."

"Not just any smells," she said, noticing a few men watching her. "Men's."

"Are you in heat?" her mother said, jokingly.

"That may not be too far off," Larken said. "I'm beyond horny at this point. You don't want to know the thoughts that are popping into my head." 

"That's it. We're grabbing our luggage and catching the next ferry back..." Her eyes focused on a point behind Larken and then she was walking towards it.

"I could've sworn I just got scolded for that," Larken mumbled. She followed her mother down the street and into a spacious square. An ancient looking well was in the center, next to an equally ancient looking tree, which reached for the heavens, its branches shading more than half the square while an intricate root system surrounded the massive trunk. On three sides of the square were cozy shops, while across the road were the hanging gardens. Larken joined her mother at the fence surrounding the well and read the pedestal stand. "It says when the quakes hit and the bay was formed, the ocean rushed in destroying everything. When the water receded all that remained was the well and a sprout of this tree. The town is called Pinter's Cove after Joseph Pinter. This was his property. Hey, wasn't he one of the five who cursed the witch finder?"

Her mom was studying the tree intently, her eyes searching the roots, which had grown up out of the earth interweaving and overlapping like tentacles.

"Mom? What is it?"

"I don't know." Darby shook her head, something tugging at her memory. "A carving buried at its heart."

"What?"

"I think I read about the tree on the way here," she replied, the windows of a shop drawing her attention. "A symbol of love or a remembrance of love. Something like that."

Larken searched the pedestal and looked at her confused. "There's nothing about that here. Whose love?"

The door to the shop in the far corner opened and suddenly all Darby could smell was wood. Wood and a handful of other scents, both familiar and just out of reach. A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth and she said, "Hey, we still have a few minutes. Let's check out that shop."

"You go ahead," Larken replied. "I want to take a quick look at the hanging gardens."

"Alright songbird," Darby said, all thoughts of leaving gone. "Don't stray too far."

"Yes Mother."

The sarcastic tone didn't fly over Darby's head, but she chose to ignore it. The shop lured her across the square, the windows filled with knick knacks showcasing local artists. The sign above read, Our Corner Shop and Darby's smile grew. Simple and to the point. She looked over her shoulder, making sure Larken wasn't straying too far considering her newfound sense of smell. She was examining the lower terrace of the hanging the gardens across the square, looking absolutely fine. Darby hesitated, while Larken may look fine she wasn't, she was smelling men and wanted to rip Thomas's clothes off. Her daughter needed her and she was walking away like nothing was amiss. The door to the shop opened again and a couple stepped out. The flood of air that came with saturated her senses and before she knew it she was stepping inside. The scent was even stronger, and it felt as though it moved through her making the hair on her arms stand on end. She was ecstatic and heartbroken, love and loss filling her simultaneously. She wouldn't have thought the two feelings could exist in the same moment.

The door shut behind her, the yellow lamps throughout the shop adding a warm glow to every corner. A young woman around Larken's age was bent over a glass display counter, writing in a ledger. "Welcome to our corner shop," she said, finishing her sentence before raising her head. "Is there anything-" Her eyes got as big as saucers, and she stared at Darby like she was seeing a ghost.

"Are you okay?" 

"Of course she is." A woman who looked to be in her seventies appeared, a big welcoming smile on her face. "Aren't you Kay?"

So sorry," Kay said, nervously. "You reminded me of someone else, and I...well...I'm sorry for staring."

"See?' the woman said, taking her hand. "Now, as Kay was saying, welcome to our corner shop. Is there anything in particular we can help you find?"

Darby was instantly at ease with Eliza, which was rare for her. "Nothing in particular, but thank you for asking."

Eliza squeezed her hand lightly and let it go. "Just call if you need me. Shout, Eliza! I need help! And I'll be there as quick as I can."

Darby laughed and said, "Thank you Eliza, I will."

Eliza walked behind the counter while Darby browsed, the woodsy, earthy smell all around. She thought of what Larken said and smiled. It really did warm her insides and make her happy. Larken. Her smile fell, and she wondered what the hell she was doing. She should be with Larken on their way back to the docks. "She's not the only one off," she muttered. "Maybe I should find Bridget and ask her if ley lines make people horny." 

The absurdity of that thought wasn't lost on her. She walked over to the window and peered through the knick knacks, looking for Larken. But there was no sign of her. She swore under her breath and started for the door. As she passed a particular aisle the woodsy smell pulled at her and she froze. At the end of the aisle was a shelving unit filled with carvings, Bathed In Moonlight, painted on a sign above. Before she knew it, she was walking towards the shelves. Larken wasn't in any danger, she'd know if she was, just like she always had.

Larken stayed on the garden side of the street trying to calm her body. The less men she was in proximity to the better. Maybe her mother was right. It might be best to leave Frith, at least until they could figure out what was going on with her body. She could have caught some kind of virus on the flight. Every which way she turned another masculine scent was there to greet her so she made for the flower beds further down the lane, hoping to drown out the smell of men. Out of the corner of her eye she caught a couple guys across the street whip their heads around and take a few steps towards her. Suddenly two women were standing in front of them, and a man on his cell phone stepped up to the group. "Coming your way," he said. "...potent. I don't think..." 

Larken couldn't hear the rest, and if she stopped and looked at him it would be obvious she heard. If the two guys and Thomas were any indication she was putting out her own scent. Except not every man was reacting her like she was reacting to them, in fact most barely gave her second glance. The man said potent, but potent to who?

She stopped walking and looked at the terraced trees on her right. "Anything you want to tell me?" she whispered. "Am I a witch, or some sort of siren? A succubus? Or a hybrid of all three?" She was mostly joking, but at the same time she listened, hoping for a response.

"Trees are conscious, and just like humans they communicate."

Larken's heart almost stopped and she scanned the gardens. A couple terraces higher a woman in khakis and a dark green shirt with a nametag above the left pocket was speaking to a group filled with children. They were peering into a glass encased portion of the ground where the roots of two trees had been carefully uncovered for teaching purposes. 

"Trees sense the changing environment and manipulate their growth patterns accordingly. Mother trees recognize their children and will colonize space in the forest for their kids, making sure they get the nutrients they need to grow. Do you see the fungal network here?" Everyone gathered closer and the guide bent over, her hand outstretched. "The mycorrhizal fungus creates a network our mother tree uses to communicate with her children, her own kind of internet, even passing on wisdom. Just like us."

Some of the adults looked more than a little skeptical, but the kids were all wide-eyed excitement. They burst into chatter bombarding the guide with questions.

"My, my, what lovely hair." Larken turned, and a freckle faced brunette was standing there smiling. "And your eyes! As green as the trees." She held her hand out and said, "Jenn Ramsey."

Larken wiped her hand profusely on her pants before shaking Jenn's. "Larken Simone. Ramsey, like Thomas Ramsey?" Jenn cocked an eyebrow, and she said, "He brought us from the Sentinel."

Jenn smiled again and hooked an arm around hers. "Any Ramsey you meet on the island is related in some way. Thomas is a fourth cousin of mine."

"Third cousin," a plump red head said.

Larken almost jumped, completely taken aback. She was in the white painted doorway of a shop across from the gardens. Jenn had led her there, and she hadn't even felt it. In fact some of the heat had dissipated, and her nose was picking up on the delectable scents in the shop instead of the men outside.

"It's my family Myra," Jenn said, giving her a look. "And Thomas is my..." She cocked her head and got a faraway look in her eyes.

"Third cousin," she and a smiling Myra said together.

An older woman with white hair pulled back and clasped at the nape of her neck, looked her up and down. "Are you alright dear? You look flushed and very tense. Or are your shoulders always next your ears?"

Larken tried to relax her shoulders and failed. "I've been feeling odd since getting off the boat. My whole body is out of whack."

"Well then," Myra said, her face serious but kind as she led her to a chair. "Let's see what we can do to help."

Larken obediently dropped into the simple white chair while Myra and Jenn looked at their supplies discussing which would be the best to use. The store was filled with soaps, scrubs, lotions, oils, hair products, candles, and other assorted herbal remedies. White walls were covered in wreaths, herbs, and dried flowers, with strands of butterfly and dragonfly lights draped along the tops. The atmosphere was homey, like a family shop, and all the different smells were soothing and comforting, relaxing her further.

Myra dropped into the chair in front of her, while Jenn pulled up another. "Roll up your sleeves." 

Larken took off the shirt instead. After the raging heat it felt good to only be in her white tank top. Jenn draped a towel over her lap and they each took an arm. Starting with her fingertips they gently rubbed an exfoliant into her skin. Lemon, sugar, with hints of grape and lavender wafted around her, and she felt more of the fire dissipate. After they were finished they each grabbed a warm wet towel and wiped her clean. Pouring oil into their hands they started over, the tension syphoned away with every press of their fingers. Larken took a deep breath and let it out slowly, her shoulders finally relaxing.

"That's right," Myra said, softly. "Let your heart take you where you need to go. Immerse yourself in the memory."

"Or the fantasy," Jenn said.

"Whichever gives you comfort," Myra said, side eying her.
