 With the vicious maw of Northrend's constant winter biting at their flesh through their heavy armour, two large, female Elven figures stand with snow covering their plated boots and flecks of it covering their adornments, in the snow surrounding them lay countless lifeless undead corpses, the putrid blood forming a near-black circle.

As the seemingly endless waves of walking corpses started to subside and come to a halt, the growling left with them, leaving only the sound of light panting from the two remaining figures.

The two females grunted as they walked away from being back-to-back, the obvious Paladin of the two, adorned in grey and red plate, wings decorating her helmet and shoulder plates, her gauntlets with what seem like claws on their tips, had turned her head to look at the other, ready to raise her sword and fight the Ren'dorei in her presence, who narrowed her glowing blue eyes. 

The Paladin tightened her grip on her etched sword and sighed. She shook her head and placed her sword back in it's holster on her back, holding a light cut she sustained on her left arm through a weaker spot in her armour. "Just because I'm not attacking you doesn't mean I'm any more fond of you.. It is simply thanks for the help"

The Ren'dorei twitched her ears and flicked a few strands of Amethyst hair from her face, slowly sauntering to stand a few feet away from the Paladin "Ranera" she muttered, extending her spare hand to the other.

"Ali'ana.." The Paladin retorted, looking warily down at the hand before hesitantly clasping her own hand with Ranera's and shaking it firmly. After a moment of semi-awkward hand-shaking, Ali'ana retracted hers and turned on her heels, wandering off in a direction opposite to that of the undead "There's a cave nearby... Should be safer than the snow" Her hips swaying as any Sin'dorei female's do, her arms crossing under her bust and crumpling up the black and red tabard on her torso.

Ranera flicked her head around, looking across the vast, snowy barren lands around her and sighing a cold vapor infront of her before following the Blood Elf stranger, her eyes slowly snaking down to her rear, though in armour, quite easily distinguished, her eyes stayed on it for the journey, or atleast most of it, occasionally shifting her legs with a low, somewhat annoyed grunt.

After a good ten minutes of walking, Ali'ana eventually entered a relatively hidden cave, blanketed in snow, walking deeper and deeper, the warmer it got, but the darker it got in unison, quickly causing Ali'ana to hold her hand out infront of her and making a dim, pulsing golden glow from it, pointing with the same hand to the left "Keep going that way, there's a lighted room and a set up with a bonfire and the like" the Blood Elf said, turning on her heels to turn right and heading off into a separate direction.

"And where are you going then?" Ranera quickly retorted, looking towards Ali'ana.

"None of your business..." she said, the dim light fading into blackness as it turned a corner and Ali'ana continued, deeper and deeper into the cave until she reached an underground hotspring, a natural sauna of sorts. She sighed contently, stripping herself of her armour, underwear and sword, laying them in a neat pile besides a pile of rocks. Her full body finally on display, boasting a moderately sized set of muscles, more toned than large and her short, crimson hair cut neatly to fit under her helmet. The woman slowly stepped into a nearby stream of steaming water, leading from a gently flowing waterfall.

Ranera had checked into the room she had been told about, removing parts of her spiked armour nonchalantly around the room before she pondered for a moment, tapping her chin and idly wandering out of the room, carefully making her way around the tunnels of the cave to follow the general direction that Ali'ana had wandered off in, bumping into the stone walls multiple times with increasingly annoyed grunts.

Ranera let out a sigh as she saw some natural light shining into the caves, finding herself looking over the nude Ali'ana under the waterfall, her back turned to Ranera, who just grinned to herself.

The relatively loud sound of running water had blocked out any sound of Ranera's approach, along with her own removal of her armour, soon finding herself behind Ali'ana and moving her arms to quickly hold onto the Paladin's wrists, holding her arms down "Hiding little secrets, hmm?"

"Wha.. Let go of me this instant!" Ali'ana growled, tugging her hands away from Ranera, to no avail.

"Hah. No. Want to know a secret of mine?" Ranera grinned, whispering in a sultry voice directly into Ali'ana's ear.

"No! Get off of me!" 

"Don't lie. I know you'll adore it" Ranera spoke once more, pressing her crotch against Ali'ana's rear, a growing stiffness resting comfortably between the two voluptuous cheeks.

Ali'ana blinked as she felt the sensation against her, her freckled cheeks growing redder as she stopped her struggling, taking a moment to process the situation.

"Hah, knew it.." Ranera grinned once more and took the time that Ali'ana was thinking to roughly shove the Paladin against the nearest wall, her member slowly raising at the sight, reaching it's full length, just beyond eight inches long. "Not even fighting back anymore?" 

Ali'ana sort of simply sat there, blinking in slight confusion at the strange sight, but once more didn't have time to think about it as Ranera approached and once more took a hold of Ali'ana's hands, hoisting them above her head. "Open wide" Ranera prodded her hardened shaft against Ali'ana's lips, which didn't give way to the intruder, until Ranera gave a tight squeeze on her wrists, eliciting a yelp from the Sin'dorei and granting a moment's access through her lips, being more than enough as the Warrior pressed forwards. "Mmm... Finally putting those cock sucking lips to use? Then what're you waiting for, get going"

Ali'ana grunted, trying to keep her dignity that was in tatters as it is.

"Very well then" Ranera muttered, moving Ali'ana's hands to hold them both with one of her own and used her now free hand to firmly grip the back of Ali'ana's head and thrust quickly forward while pushing the Paladin's head against her. Ranera let out a soft sigh as her cock settled cozily in Ali'ana's throat, grinding her hips a little "You can either make this easy on yourself or continue resisting" 

Ali'ana just pulled her head against the hand holding it, turning her eyes to look up at Ranera, watering from the somewhat uncomfortable feeling in her throat, said muscles in her throat tensing and squeezing to give a massaging feeling to Ranera's meat, occasionally coughing on it, causing her throat to tighten up around it more.

"Good girl" Ranera smirked as she pulled her hips back, drawing the cock from her throat to the tip before she thrusted hard back in, taking a grip on a clump of Ali'ana's hair and pressing hard against her face once more, letting her tongue drape from her mouth for a second.

Ranera suddenly sped up her movements, pressing Ali'ana tightly against the wall as she thrusted into her throat, harder and faster with each thrust, the Paladin's eyes watering up a little more before they shut, a small dribble of running tears down her cheek. Ranera slowly started getting heavier breaths, moving her second hand to the back of Ali'ana's head to get a more firm hold on her, using her head for her pleasure, thrusting into her face as she pulled her head towards her. "Throat wasted on the Horde" she panted through her teeth, pushing Ali'ana down a little to angle her throat upwards, each slap of her balls on her chin and each thrust of her cock through her mouth causing a lewd slapping sound amidst the rushing water and coughing.

Ranera's hands started to take a tighter and tighter grip as her body started tensing a little, looking down at the woman under her control "Feel that throbbing? Get ready, because I'm only letting you go if you swallow it all". And with two final thrusts, she planted herself firmly against Ali'ana's face, her testicles tightening against her chin as she dumped load after load down Ali'ana's seemingly hungry throat.

Ali'ana's cheeks hallowed out as she sucked on the member, drinking all that she was given, her tongue lapping at the underside of Ranera's cock, her throat squeezing each time she swallowed the multiple times she's fed.

Ranera, after being satisfied with the work of her Paladin, slowly pulled her member from her mouth with a lewd pop, laying it against the mess of a face, rubbing the throbbing member against her cheek she grinned wickedly, letting go of Ali'ana's hair. "Now... what next?"