 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

1

I'm 18 and horny as hell. Because of my life in a foster home and just the pain and anxiety of my life I could never be in a situation long enough or comfortable enough to have a relationship where I could consider loosing my virginity or accomplishing much of anything else. But it's all I can think about.

They call me Ben and all I can think about now is girls and sex. I'm tall with red hair and I think I'm not bad looking for a kind of lanky fair skinned guy. I'm also very smart. Every foster home I've lived in says I'm too smart for my own good? Despite my situation and the abuse I suffer I always get top grades.

None of the Foster Parents were much better than my real parents. They would all beat me to one extent or another. It wasn't 'till my real parents put me in the hospital from a real bad beating when I was still quite young that the State did anything about it. 

When they put me in my first Foster Home, that wasn't much better. They at least didn't beat me .. until these last foster parents that gave me this final beating. They too said I was too smart for my own good and proceeded to beat the crap out of me.

I'm beaten running from my foster dad past the hospital. This last beating by my recent Foster dad is very severe. He's the worst yet and a real bad ass kinda guy. It isn't the beating however that put me in a coma. 

It's out of a crystal clear night sky when I get hit by a bolt of lighting as we happen to be running past the Hospital. That sure didn't help my condition any at all, or so I'm thinking.

Another bolt kills my Foster dad. I see him fry like an instantly fried chicken as I'm shaking between two forks of the lightning bolt. I don't cry over that at all. 

I'm suspended between two forks of the lightning bolt like one of those Dream Catchers you see hanging from peoples rear view mirrors. My suspension seems like an eternity with all sorts of images and thoughts, not of my own, flashing through my mind but it's literally in a flash of course. I'm totally aware of those around me. Their horror and panic is astonishing. 

They run around getting the situation under control and get me into the Hospital. They rush me into the ER at first then to Intensive Care with intravenous feeding. They discover I'm breathing on my own and my heart is surprisingly regular and very strong. 

Somehow I'm spared, though thrown into some sort of strange coma. I'm not even burnt. Like my foster dad got all of that? It even helped heal some of the stuff my foster dad did to me. I still have my arm in a cast from the broken arm, though it was mostly 'fixed' too, much to the surprise of the doctors.

They say few people ever recover from such a strike and end up like my foster dad. I must be charmed they say. Well maybe I finally am? If I can recover from this thing.

It's totally frustrating for me since I'm quite alert. I can see and hear everybody. I just can't move or speak so to the 'outside' I'm unconscious though my eyes are open. I can't move them but I do blink however. Having excellent peripheral vision makes it bearable, being able to see most of what's around me. They tried to get me to blink rapidly three times if I could hear them but I decided to 'play dead'. That is to keep my awareness to myself for awhile.

My muscles are painfully rigid. I think they are giving me some kind of drug with my intravenous feeding for the pain but it does nothing to soften my massive stiffy. I couldn't eat if they tried with my jaw muscles so rigid. It's a good thing they are feeding me intravenously.

The nurses try to conceal my stiffy for me to their credit but a few just can't resist. 

They start to fondle it at night or when they think no one is looking. They have me in a small private room hooked up to monitors that they control all the time.

Several of the nurses can't seem to resist. They begin kissing it like a baby at first .. almost like a sacred object. Then they begin gently licking the tip as my pre cum oozes out. Then they begin more fully sucking me off .. to my great relief. Since my breathing is unimpaired I do exhale and breath heavily when they suck me off. They don't seem to be concerned over that and in fact they are encouraged by it. 

The one nurse I like best is a sweet young red head with wild curly hair and green eyes. Like a real young Nicole Kidman. She can't be any older than me. Her hair is bunched up in a big bun but she lets it out and when she first was fondling my cock she began fondling my cock then my balls with her wonderfully soft hair. It's so thick and soft I cream just thinking of her doing it to me when I'm alone even. 

She was real uncertain the first time and I think she had never done it before but she is so focused on making me feel so super, like when she washes my body. Her lips are so soft and she's so sensitive, I can tell she's so excited sucking me I give it up to her quickly as many times as she wants. She was real surprised the first time when I shot such a huge pulse. It hit her square in the face but she smiled big and began sucking on the tip quickly and ever so softly I'm creaming a second load in no time at all. She swallows it all .. except for having for wiping off what she could on her fingers then looking at me with a big smile as she licks them clean. I begin shaking with my third load yet and she's on that one quickly. She's learned quickly to play my cock like a musical instrument.

My woman doctor does the same. She's very artful with her thick and long red hair flowing over my nude midsection as she sucks languidly for my pulsing ejaculations. She's compulsive over this and has taken to doing it every night now along with the red headed nurse. 

They are so artful at fondling and sucking my balls softly, fondling me with their hair and lingering over the tip so sweetly. They are increasingly involved being all the more passionate. Several have taken to kissing me on the lips and over my body at night. Fortunately my jaw is not quite so tight now, not that I can respond at all.

It's like a compulsion with them all. It certainly helps to keep my spirits up and my body stimulated. Especially the red headed nurse. The best care and physical therapy a guy could possibly receive.

The Physical Therapist is especially talented and gets me to cum with her sucking in the finest manner possible. Since she 'works' my whole body nude she always shuts the door.

Finally after several weeks the Doctor just has to have me in her. After locking my room door she straddles me and rides me to shooting several times deep into her. I know I'm stretching, filling and rubbing her entire pussy with my cock. The feelings are incredible. 

My virgin rape/fuck finally in a gorgeous older woman yet! She is so eager and passionate with her rape of me. My heart rate must be through the roof when she rapes me. I cum inside her like crazy. The sensations of being inside her as I ejaculate are otherworldly! What a way to go for my first screw! It's like my cock has found it's home.

Doc can't be more than 25 and she's a perfect tall and slender beauty. She has magnificent darker red hair that shines in the light with slightly dusky perfect skin and brown eyes. Her lips and facial features are absolutely perfect! So erotic looking.

The nurse is very fair skinned with a ton of freckles. Probably all over her nice body. She has a cute cherub like face with a cute and sweet smile. She's maybe five nine and perfect in her own way. She has several quirky characteristics about her I really like and sure would like her for a girlfriend .. if I weren't so immobile. 

Nurse doesn't seem to mind at all as she tends to me with her frequent incredibly passionate kisses and fondling. She's surprisingly strong and has no trouble lifting or rolling my 'dead weight' body around, tending to her job of caring for me in all my most private areas. She seems to actually delight in caring for me and keeping my body so very clean and well cared for. She's never in a rush to do any of the most mundane or simple things, lingering and fondling me all over with her ministering to my body. Like its a good excuse to spend more time with me. 

It just makes me all the more excited over her and oh how I wish I could hug and kiss her sweet lips and fondle her cheeky butt at the same time! I certainly have no physical secrets with her. She gets me super excited as Doc does.

The therapist is a well built and muscular blond in her late twenties. They're all very sexy and have no problem getting me very excited.

This then becomes a nightly thing ... much to my delight. Doc rubs my chest and kisses me when I shoot deep into her wonderful pussy. It's so heavenly to cum deep into her moist warmth. I ejaculate without any restraints, filling her warm well.

Soon the red headed nurse is taking a ride on my cock. Her tight young pussy is so fine as I cream deep into her with unbelievable force. She's encouraging my heavy breathing as if in an exercise. I'm so thrilled with her raping me, I cum almost constantly in my excitement.

"Have to get lots of exerciser boy." as she's humping my big cock buried deep in her. 

She sweetly encourages me as she shakes with powerful orgasms and I can tell she's holding back screaming to the top of her voice. I sense she was a virgin and now she can't get enough of my monster cock deep inside her womb. 

Nurse's first time with me was very difficult for even after slicking my cock down with lotion, but she's very persistent until she has her pussy slick with my cum then she rides up and down my rigid shaft with her incredible angelically sweet smile, humming to the tune in my head as she orgasms with my cum shooting deep into her warmth. Hope we can be lovers when I've recovered. I really like her and the feel of my cock deep inside her.

Soon the Physical Therapist is humping me for all she's worth. I cum deep into her soft pussy as she hugs me with her strong grip .. humping hard and quick to my pulses. She milks my cock for all I can give her. It's like she's giving me the ultimate masturbation. She's more skilled than the others but somehow not quite as exciting as Nurse or Doc.

Here I'm already evaluating the women like I'm some kind of fucking expert. They are all so totally focused, eager and compelled somehow to take me, have me inside them and to take my cum, all my cum. It's like they have no control over their actions?

My pulses are much stronger and with greater volume of cum than I ever remember doing when I masturbated myself. They certainly know I'm alive and I certainly am not sexually frustrated in my situation. It quickly becomes a mission for them.

There is also a sense of expansiveness that occurs when the girls suck me off or when they rape me. Like there is more than cum flowing from me to them. After awhile they seem to actually glow with a pale pinkish-blue mist in the darkness. Like an aura of residual electrical current flowing from me, literally lighting them up like angels. My favorite angels, Doc and Nurse glow with a particularly bright aura.

In kind of a group instructional session with the nurses, while surrounding my bed, Doc tells the nurses to increase my nutritional levels by a very large amount because she says I'm metabolizing my 'food' so rapidly and I'm utilizing the nutrients I'm taking in at a prodigious rate. They are all compulsively rubbing and massaging my body together almost like a group ritual. They seem both concerned and somehow elated about my condition.

It must be why I feel such an incredible sense of energy and great strength when I'm ejaculating especially .. if I could only move .. anything!

I'm beginning to sense things as if I'm reading their minds. I'm knowing what they are going to say to each other before they do and what they are thinking about the situation. Like I'm in on their conversation and I'm subtly influencing their actions? 

With her raping me, I think the doctor is already pregnant. She's so eager and compulsive with her seductions it's impossible to not be incredibly excited over my filling her with my seed. I know I will have a child out there already!

Then I also realize the red headed nurse and therapist are also pregnant. I'm not sure how I know but I just do and it's as if they are compulsively yet deliberately trying to get pregnant from me. 

Nurse is particularly passionate over getting pregnant. She's repeating her seductions nearly every night, seemingly guaranteeing her insemination. She mutters about being at the peak of estrus, what a trill it is to have my cock so deep inside her .. demanding I give up more of my fluids as she humps my cock. 

The therapist seems to be rather non-plussed over getting pregnant. More the act of getting good sex. Her mind isn't as open to me as the others for some reason? There is not the same bright glow but a rather murky aura. She's certainly not at the top of my list though she is good for a super masturbation.

After Nurse hung a mirror on the ceiling so I can view myself, if by chance in her mind, I can actually see, life gets visually very interesting. "If you can see, at least you can see you are OK." she says in the most sympathetic and thoughtful manner. She talks to me a lot. It's a long narrow mirror that allows me to see almost the width of the bed and from my head to about to my knees.

When they aren't hiding my view by kissing me, I can see their backs or the top of their head and my body while they rape me all in the same view of looking up to them and down on them/me. 

It's incredible to see them suck my cock, like looking at someone else getting a blow job while it's happening to me at the same time. They are so incredibly sensuous and beautiful! They are so fully involved! Looking at my bare cock from 'above' it's hard to see just how big it is but I can tell it's bigger than before the lightning strike.

With Doc and Nurse I'm getting more involved mentally as they rape me .. like I'm actually participating in their actions in some way though I literally cannot move a muscle. 

The music is beginning to blend in our minds with our love making and they are so much more eager to please me than when they started somehow. We are orgasming together now and my own passions are in total synchronization with the two red heads. Their attention to me has become all consuming for the two of them. Like I'm the only other person in their life?

I'm thinking more about the ideas of Vampires and Super Heroes, wondering if there isn't something to it after all. My sexual prowess and the effect it's having on the women is certainly not normal, no mater how you might consider it. The results are certainly extra ordinary no matter how you might think about it and I don't think the women are in a frame of mind to consider it in any way but an uncontrollable compulsion they have. 

They are obviously not thinking rationally about what they are doing at all. Indeed they are wracked with guilt over taking advantage of me and admitting to their uncontrolled compulsions as they talk to me .. well more like talking to themselves since they think I'm still 'unconscious'. Like a Confessional.

After about a month my cock is beginning to soften when the girls are not sucking me off or raping me. The fact that they have to get me up doesn't seem to deter their interest in having me. I'm stiff in a near instant with their touch. In fact they smile as they just touch it or kiss it lightly and it springs straight up and stiff. Like they have total control of my cock. Actually they do and I love it!

I get a glimpse of a rare moment when my cock is not stiff, laying out on my belly and it looks the same as it ever did? Not larger at all?

That night I inseminate the doctor and the nurse several times each and they are well aware they are pregnant which drives them to even greater levels of passion. Their levels of emotional involvement with me is pretty much total .. as it is with me for them.

It's really a strange experience laying here, totally unable to move a muscle .. well except for my cock, involuntarily. Not that being in an awake coma and what has happened to me in general isn't strange enough. 

They remove the cast after an x-ray to see how well it has healed. I'm otherwise fully recovered and healed from all my previous body damage by now.

Just wondering if I'll ever be even semi-normal again ... be able to talk or move at all? My cock being soft normally now is maybe encouraging. Though even my thinking of them screwing me has it stiff in an instant. I have frequent wet dreams and the nurses are always having to clean me up. The doctor seems to think this is all a good sign of my recovery and it may be what's driving her to get as much of my cock in her as she can.

After Nurse had raped me very early in the morning I discovered my right forefinger is twitching. She doesn't notice it since she's trying to recover from fucking the living daylights out of me and herself. The thrill for her must be super because it sure is for me! She's become so exquisitely sensual and loving! I can't wait for her to mount me every night and she doesn't disappoint. Her and Doc are doing more for me than anything else just by their loving passions.

I dream of her and Doc almost constantly now with the knowledge of the feel of them on me, fondling me, kissing me. The thrill of their loving attention is beyond anything I could ever have imagined. I want to get better so badly if only to make passionate love with them in an unhindered way.

Doc and Nurse are increasingly whispering their passionate feelings for me and what they are feeling as they lay on top of me, slipping my cock in and out of their pussies. I'm getting to know more and more about them as they have their fucking and kissing confessionals riding my stiffy and take in gallons of my cum every night.

I had already decided that when I can communicate I'll pretend I was unaware of my situation or anything that was happening. At least from most. Maybe Doc and Nurse?

I'm encouraged by my finger motion. My feelings are growing stronger and I'm holding back the discovery for more sensations to come. I'm noticing a bit of eye movement is possible and I'm working hard to conceal that as well. I'm waiting for my voice which I think isn't far from returning. I've been trying to quietly hum when no one is in the room and I can feel that I'm almost there. My muscles don't ache nearly so much as at first.

I don't know if it's my imagination or what but I feel so much better and stronger despite my frozen condition. Mentally I'm super acute and perceptive with incredibly enhanced hearing. I've always had a great sense of smell and my vision is so good I don't think I need the glasses I was wearing before. I can see the girls screwing on top of me extremely well. Almost like telescopic vision. I can see the pulse in their neck when they get super excited .. the most subtitle nuances of their bodies tinniest motions, their thoughts and feelings! The fluttering of their eyes dilating. Detail things I never noticed before. Can't see them sucking me off since I can't move my head .. yet. 

After a few weeks I can just barely move and lift my head so I can just see Nurse sucking me off. MY GOD!! My cock has to be at least nine maybe ten inches stiff if it's and inch!
