 Lilith & Blade:
Rescued Legend

Eyes of fire watched the maiden as she floated completely submerged just beneath the surface of the pool. Her dark hair, soft as a ghost's whisper, fanned out in the water, the ends of it curling and swirling with the slightest current of the water. The girl remained motionless almost too long, causing her viewer some concern. Upon the flinch of his muscles to rescue her, the maid arched backwards and brought her face up and back out of the water. Her eyes were closed, oblivious to the world outside of the water. Her voyeur allowed himself a slight smile as the woman glided in the water as though a part of it. Yes, he thought, bringing this one back home was already proving worth his trouble—even if he wouldn't be able to keep her. A kind of sadness inside him banished a part of his smile at his conscience's reminder: this was Lilith.

It was legends that inspired the young man to seek out the lost or the improbable. Dragon's he now had by the dozen; he was raising them. Unicorns were boring; except for use as maiden bait. The gods tested his worthiness almost as a matter of routine. It was Lilith who fascinated and inspired him from the beginning to seek out the reality of stories that grew into legends. It was he who rescued just such a legend from her sealed sarcophagus deep in the heart of the Hell Furies Mountains, its chain a somewhat active group of volcanoes.

It was now three days since he brought the sleeping maiden home with him and this was the first bit of real activity she had shown. Until now the local clerics were caring for her, seeing to her revival and reporting back to their lord. No one knew for sure how the maid would react after having been in a magically induced slumber for the last almost millennium. If it was a normal coma lasting only days the girl would be re-teaching herself a good many physical acts. It appeared no such lessons were needed here. For the moment he was quite satisfied in watching his newest treasure discover the world all over again.

Lilith brought her head out of the water and found her footing on the pool's floor. Brushing her hair back fully exposed her slanted ears that marked her as a member of the sylvan race. She opened her wide, grey eyes and gazed directly at her voyeur. 

"Do you see something that pleases you?" she asked in the old elven tongue. The bluntness of her question caused a devilishly delicious smile on the stranger's face.

"Yes, I do," was his reply in kind.

"Do you have a name?" Lilith asked swirling the waters gently about her chest with her arms. She gazed at a youthful man whom she found most pleasing to look upon. He stood over her at the poolside with one foot propped up on a stone bench and his arms crossed over the knee. Blonde wavy hair that was almost white fell over his shoulder in a ponytail caught by a leather strap. He was broad of the chest and muscled in the way she'd seen many an ancient human warrior. But this one's eyes were different. His eyes were of a reddish hue, almost smoldering; surely they were enough to frighten most of the humans he would associate with.

"You waste no time with formalities, do you?" he said.

Lilith's mouth curved and her eyes narrowed to a bedroom bold, almost cunning. "Formalities are something I save for court. Are you going to stand there all morrow trespassing me with your eyes or are you going to do something?"

The stranger allowed his eyes to smile; one of his more charming—and alarming—features he was told. He stepped away from the bench and knelt poolside. "Come here," he told her.

Intrigued, Lilith complied. At the stranger's gesture she offered him a hand. He gently cupped her hand within both of his, but did not help her out of the pool.

"For you, my lady, I would do anything." He kissed the back of the hand offered and his eyes never left hers. "My name is Blade."

Skepticism flashed in her eyes, but then, so did interest. "Do you know me?" she asked.

The stranger's smile broadened. "I have studied your legend for most of my life, my lady."

"What legend?" Lilith blinked.

"Of course, you couldn't know, unless the clerics told you."

"Know what? As easy as you are to look upon, this is getting tiresome."

"My apologies," Blade offered. "What do you remember of your last adventure?"

What an odd question, Lilith mused. "Four—no, five of us, six, counting the dragon, breached an ancient tomb. Two were felled by traps and my Sard, the dragon, died when he took a chestful of arrows—from a door trap. I'd never seen so many deadly traps in one place in my life. I crossed a 'spanse of molten lava to get to a sarcophagus set upon an island—knowing the best treasures would be on the mummy. I started as I saw myself lying dead inside the sarcophagus—and then I was yanked inside. I awoke to your priests. Now I am here, with you."

"The sarcophagus was about nine-hundred and fifty-seven years ago," Blade told her.

"Nine—?" Lilith pulled her hand out from between his. "How do I know you're not lying?"

"Why would I lie to one whose fabled abilities is to recognize a lie at will?"

"That would be foolish, wouldn't it?" Lilith said neither acknowledging nor denying the ability.

"It was said that you were as beautiful as you were cunning," Blade said. "I'd like to get to know the cunning part, if you don't mind, my lady, Lilith. Lilith of Ever—"

Lilith pressed her fingers against Blade's mouth. "That's all right," she said. "I believe you." She hesitated. "I uh— it would appear that I owe you a debt." Blade took her fingers again and began kissing them as a man in love. "Does this mean you've decided on what you would like in return?" She bobbed her head to get his attention.

"I want you."

"Uhm... For how long?"

"Forever."

"Really?" Imaginary chains rattled loudly inside Lilith's head threatening to wrap themselves around her heart and her ankles. "I don't know how much of the me you really know, but I'm not able—"

"I know," Blade said, "but I'd like to try."

Her gaze softened. "Many others have tried. I simply can't stay with any one person or in any one area for long. I can't."

"Stay the night. Share my bed. For the trouble I went through to get you out of that volcano I deserve that much." One of his hands strayed down her arm to cup a breast beneath the water. Lilith leaned forward into his grasp.

"That, I can do."

"And, perhaps, a little while longer?"

"We shall see," she breathed feeling herself drawn in by the touch of this man's hand upon her breast. "Uhm... Help a girl out?" she asked.

"Gladly," Blade said offering both hands and a strong grip that allowed her to climb out of the pool.

Lilith landed with a little hop that made her bounce off of Blade's chest. She suppressed a gasp as she realized she looked him mid-chest.

"You all right?" Blade asked at her raised eyebrows when she looked up at him.

All the easier to reach your crotch, she thought. "Uhm, yeah—yes. You know, coming out of the water that quickly has me a bit light-headed. Can we—?"

"Bench is right here," Blade offered as all he need do was take a step back and he was there. Lilith looked ahead but managed to stumble nearly onto his lap. Blade smiled recognizing the play from the lady. No formalities, but still the pleasantries, he thought. "You're chilled," he said. "Shall I offer you my shirt?"

"Dearheart, the people of my age invented the chivalry you practice," she replied. Holding her temple and half-lidding her eyes was making for a convincing display she knew, but the reality of it was the wave of dizziness she felt the moment she brought her head up was genuine. "Wow, laying down for a millennium can wear a person out."

"You're tired then?"

"Uhm, did I just say that out loud?"

Blade laughed easily at Lilith's consternation. "I'm sorry. Here, come sit closer."

Lilith was almost on the man's lap as she cuddled into his warm chest and arm's. A heartbeat... She listened with almost the same amazement as her own slip of the tongue caused her. Most men she spent time with never stayed around long enough for her to sense their reality with something as simple as a heartbeat. "You're warm."

"Here," Blade untied the lacing of his shirt and pulled it off over his head, then drew Lilith against his chest again. "Better?"

An eyebrow rose in interest at the sight of him. "Worlds," she said. Not a hair on that chest, she mused as she snuggled in closer. An overwhelming sense of safety filtered in through her mildly fogged mind. "I need to—"

Blade thought for sure Lilith was going to say, "sleep" but instead she reached up to kiss him. His brain whirled and his crotch tightened in his pants. No time wasted with this one, he thought excitedly. She was so much smaller that he, yet when he tightened his hands on her the unmistakable tension of strong muscle firmed beneath his grip. Her arms snaked around his neck and shoulders; hers was the grip of a warrior—a hungry one.

"Not that I mind—" he started to say. "Oh, fuck it." With her tongue in his mouth and her naked hips grinding into his abdomen Blade lost all control. Before he could get a hand down to his pants' lacing she already had one there expertly slipping through the knot and diving her fingers beyond to the inside. He groaned aloud as she wrapped her hand around the stiff shaft of his cock and fed hungrily of his mouth.

"Damn!" he swore as the dark-haired vixen suddenly left his mouth and dove for his purpling dick. Between gasps, "Were there many women like you in your day?" he hissed.

His reply was the vibration of her laughter through her teeth.

"Gawds!"

Lilith's head flew up through his grasp before his cock-head sensitivity got to him. The sudden motion made her a touch dizzy, but she was finding that she liked the feeling. Her tits enveloped his throbbing shaft as she grinned up at him. Oh yes, that face was even more gorgeous as he was cumming. "Now, now," she teased, "We can't have you loosing your head just yet."

"Brazen! You can't stop now!"

Lilith rubbed her tits up and down his hot, wet cock. "We ain't even started yet," she reassured him. "But, it might be best if we pulled up a little grass instead of roll around on this bench."

"I like the bench!" he protested his red eyes hardening.

Lilith snickered. "Not if I am in charge here, dearheart." Blade frowned. "I don't want you falling backward and busting your head open." She grinned wickedly and gently patted the head of his cock. "It's this one I want gushing."

Blade returned her wicked grin for one of his own. "You can be in charge in a few minutes. Right now I want to feel my dick in that hot little bare pussy of yours."

Lilith brandished a coy look, "What happened to that man of chivalry from a moment ago?"

Blade lifted Lilith onto her feet, then spun her around to where she faced the bench. "On your knees," he pointed at the bench. She complied and he pushed her down forward until her breasts were smashed against the stone. Bending at the knees a little Blade plunged his rock-hard penis into her hairless, juice-covered slit. He grunted with her yelp of his sudden thrust. "The gentleman left when you sucked up his dick into your mouth," he lunged, "my lady."

Lilith alternately wrapped her arms around the bench and grabbed at its sides as her rescuer had his way with her. Deeper it seemed he plunged with each gasp and moan she uttered. Faster and harder he drove as she rocked with him and pushed against him just to feel the slap of his balls against her bare pussy. Lilith's face ground into the smoothed stone of the bench as she slipped a hand to their colliding genitalia. Her fingers danced through the slime between them as she rubbed his balls.

"Not me!" Blade hissed. "You! Rub yourself off!"

Lilith's intended laugh became a howl of delight, as she happily obliged.

Blade watched between slitted eyes as the woman fucked him back in earnest. Lustily fingering her clitoris as he slammed his hips against her gorgeous ass. "Put 'em in!"

"What?"

"Your fingers. Slide 'em inside you! Now!"

She gasped as her fingers made her pussy's grip around his cock tighter. Blade slammed deeper still as he groaned himself to the feel of her fingers. "Yes!" he growled as he exploded inside her, his dick pulsing hard with each final thrust. Lilith cried out with the strong pulsing of his cock inside her. She ground her hips into him reaching, pressing for more. Slime oozed out coating her bald little pussy.

Blade stumbled backward a step and had to sit down—on the ground.

"No!" Lilith cried, "You can't be done!"

Blade pushed a lock of hair from his sweating brow. "Give me a moment. I can go for more."

Lilith's wicked grin returned. "Promise?" She stepped toward him almost standing over him rubbing her wet pussy before his eyes.

Blade nodded. "Oh yes. You just got me a little excited a little fast, is all." He indicated for the pool. "Jump in. Wash up. And it'll be my turn to feast of that wonderfully bald cunt of yours. Then I'll be ready to fuck some more."

"Can't wait," she said still rubbing her fingers over herself.

"Neither can I," Blade remarked as his rescued legend disappeared under the water.


(End of this story, but she's just getting started all over again...)