 Patrick opened his eye's seeing the sun glaring through the curtains. He wasn't sure what time it was as he had watched the sunset in New York and was then transported to England before having an incredible wedding night with his new wife. The more he thought about the time the more it didn't matter as he looked down and saw this beautiful naked red-head asleep laying her head on his chest.

Patrick smiled as he ran his fingers through her a little just soaking in the joy he felt. He had thought about everything that had happened since the moment he met her. The few amazing nights they had at the beginning. The fact that she almost killed him that first night, how she wiped his memory and then he was captured and tortured. It seemed like such a roller coaster as he began to think about Jenny and how this woman had her killed just so she could take over her body.

It was all very fucked up but somehow through it all here they were, together. He never blamed her for Jen's death as it was her own demons that led to her demise, and even though Nessira was capable of very horrible things he could see the light inside her more than she ever could.

Nessira let out a moan as she moved a little getting more comfortable. Her body was so warm as her leg curled up on top of his. Looking her over he felt himself stiffening as the sheet started to tent in front of him. Even after all they did last night he still was ready for more.

"Hmm," she said opening her eye's and smiling up at him. "I had this horrible dream that I got married yesterday."

"Funny I had the same dream."

"Oh, dammit that means I really married some dork didn't I?"

"I'm afraid so."

"Ugh, that means I can only fuck you from now on?"

"Um, I think that's how marriage works?"

"Fuck! Just one guy, how the hell does that work? I mean I am a succubus, a famous succubus mind you, I have fucked so many men in my day and so many others wanted me so bad."

"Wait... How many?"

"And you get my drunk and trick me into marrying you?"

"Um... I don't remember it exactly like that."

"Well guess what Pal," she said sliding the sheet off of him seeing his erect cock sticking straight up in the air. "This here belongs to me!" She said as her eye's shined red for a moment. "This cock is mine to do with as I please, " She continued to say before she began to stroke his cock gently. "You have given your cock to the most dangerous succubus in the world, do you have any idea what that means?"

"Um... Oh shit... What does that mean?"

She smiled before she crawled over him hovering above him with a hungry look in her eyes. "It means I can do whatever I want with it!" She said as she began to tease the tip of his cock sliding her pussy lips back and forth as she moved her hips.

Patrick could feel her juices starting to drip down along his shaft as he wasn't to fuck her so badly. She could see his arousal feeling his precum mixing with her feminine fluids as she enjoyed teasing him like this. She leaned down on top of his chest getting her face close to his while keeping her waist in the air not letting him inside her yet. He suddenly felt something gently caressing his balls as she had apparently sprouted her tail and was stroking him with it.

"How badly do you want it?" She asked as her tongue slithered out touching his lips.

Patrick smiled and grabbed her waist flipping her over on the bed as she was a little shocked but aroused by his use of force. "I think the real question is how badly do you want it?" He said kissing her before he began to lower himself down between her legs kissing part of her chest and stomach on the way down. As he came face to face with her already dripping pussy he said under his breath the words "Draco lingua."

Nessira was curious as to what he had just said as she had not been able to hear him when she asked: "what did you say... Holy shit!" She yelled out as Patrick's tongue slithered inside her but it did not feel like a human tongue.

Not sure what spell he had just used Nessira grabbed the pillow behind her head as Patrick worked his tongue throughout her insides somehow making it longer, slider and more flexible than anything she had felt before. She could feel the slimy tendril thickening in certain areas as she bucked her hips a little.

She began to think about all the different creatures she had mated within her life from Gods to monsters, and demons and none of them had a tongue like this. She began I worry a little that Patrick knew what he was doing with this strange magic he had used on himself but the pleasure was far too intense for her to use rational thought right now.

"Oh fuck... Fuck SHIT!" She yelled out as Patrick continued to go even deeper inside her which she didn't think was possible.

She looked down and saw his eyes with a yellow glow to them that didn't seem normal. She knew the eyes of demons but these were different. They seemed almost reptile in a way as he wiggles his tongue touching every pleasure point inside her making her scream out which was just music to his ears.

As the pleasure grew she also began to feel the temperature between her legs begin to build as well. She could take the heat as she had felt with fire demons on many plains but the as the heat began to rise she began to fear that he may start a fire. His breath felt so hot that she suddenly started to realize what he had done.

"Oh God, Patrick...Fuck!" She said as he was still bringing her closer and closer to orgasm.

She was torn as she wanted him to stop but also did not as the feeling was amazing and she begged him to finish her. She clenched her teeth and grabbed the sheet beneath her as she let out another scream feeling her pussy begin to convulse wildly before she started squirting all over his face as her orgasm made her whole body shake.

She felt the temperature begin to lower as there was literally steam rising from between her legs. She looked down and saw Patrick's face which didn't look human as he pulled his tongue out from inside her which seemed to be a few feet long. He closed his eyes and concentrated as the reptile-like ridges in his fave began to break down and he started to look more like himself again before taking a deep breath as the yellow in his eyes faded and he looked normal.

"What the fuck was that?" Nessira asked covered in sweat and breathing heavily.

"Did you enjoy it?" 

"Um did you not just hear how much I enjoyed it, but seriously, what the fuck was that?"

"A spell I have been working on, called Dragon Tongue."

Nessira looked at him with wide eyes after he said those words. "Dragons, you've been learning dragon magic?"

"I've been trying to but it is not easy to find, I am using Latin for the spells but I cannot find much about them, only fragments here and there, if I could learn the dragon language it would be easier."

"Are you insane?"

"Well, I did ask a succubus to be my wife as you said once before."

"Seriously, dragons are ancient, long before me, this is dangerous magic you are playing with!"

"Calm down, I know what I am doing, " he said a little surprised she was acting like this.

"Patrick, this power is too much, I can't afford to lose you again!"

"Ness, I didn't mean to upset you, I just want to be there, to protect you all, from whatever happens next."

"If we work together you won't have to protect me."

"Yeah, yeah you're right, I'm sorry!"

"Don't be, it's just..." She said sitting there gathering her thoughts.

"What is it?"

"I think we need to speak to someone who might be able to help us."

"Help us, with what?"

"First things first Mister, " she said with a grin as she curled her legs off the side of the bed before standing up. "We have another issue to deal with first." She said touching the tip of his erection. "Or did you forget?"

"Oh yeah um, " he stopped as she suddenly was on her knees in front of him teasing his cock with her soft lips.

She had her hand gripped around his shaft as she continued to touch him gently before sticking out her tongue and sliding his foreskin off the head of his cock. Patrick gasped as he felt her other hand gently cradle his balls teasing the skin underneath with her index finger making him moan out as he stood there.

She smiled up at him as her eyes flashed red for a moment before taking his cock whole into her mouth. She placed her hands on his hips holding on as she started sucking him off with more force than he was expecting. He had noticed her tail was still out as it suddenly curled down between her legs and back up again before it starts tickling his balls a little.

"Oh shit!" He said as he just stood there and enjoyed the pleasure he was feeling.

Her tail began to wrap around his ball sack a little tightening as his balls just hung below. It was a strange feeling but it seemed to be increasing the pleasure as she continues to suck on his cock. She removes her lips and slides up a little taking his cock and squeezing it between her breasts milking it even more. She still teased the tip with her tongue whenever it got close but he was ready to burst at any moment.

"Cum for me, cum all over my fucking tits!" She said feeling his member about to burst seeing the look on his face. "That's it, Baby, let it happen."

"Oh Fuck!" He yelled out as his cock began to erupt squirting all over her chest as she grabbed it giving it a few more strokes making sure every last drop came out.

Patrick stood there taking deep breath's as he recovered from his orgasm. Nessira began to rub his seed into her skin before licking some of it off her finger smiling at her work. She stood back up giving him a kiss as he pulled her close for a moment.

"You didn't think just because we are married it was gonna get boring did you?" She said pulling away.

"Never crossed my mind, now where are we going?"

"Well, I am going to take a shower if you care to join me, and then, on an adventure!" She said kissing him again before heading for the bathroom with him in tow.

------

Patrick and Nessira walked down the street before turning a corner and down an alleyway. He wasn't sure where she was leading him but he trusted her as she leads through this sketchy looking area. It wasn't until they came across this strange looking door with a wooden sign hanging above it.

"Copia Libri?" Patrick said reading the sign. "Seems a bit obvious doesn't?"

"Luckily nobody reads Latin anymore, but don't worry, if he can't find what we need then nobody can, " she said stepping inside with Patrick following behind her.

Patrick stepped in and felt like he was in an old shop from Harry Potter or something. There were books everywhere but old, in fact, they were very old looking to the point he was afraid to touch them thinking they would fall apart. Nessira walked over to the counter and rang the little bell sitting there.

Patrick stood there as an old man came walking out from the back room. As he looked the man over he noticed his eyes were blank and soon realized that he was blind. Even if he was he seemed to know this place well enough to navigate easily before he walked up to the counter.

"Ah, Nessira, always a pleasure breathing in your lovely scent." The man said with a smile. "And you bought a friend today?"

"Evras you old flirt you, actually this is my husband, Patrick."

"Husband, my my, has the Red Which found the soul of her lost lover at last?"

"That's what they tell me, " Patrick said joining the conversation.

"I can hear it in his voice, my congratulations to you both, but what brings you into my shop today my Dear?"

"We are looking for any books you may have on dragons."

"I see, you want ancient lore?"

"Actually we are looking for spells and dragon language."

Evras went silent for a moment as he stood up straight and said: "Dovah!"

"What was that?" Patrick asked.

"This is very dangerous knowledge to have." He said with seriousness in his voice. "Unfortunately I do not have what you seek."

"Oh, do you not have it, or will you not give it to us?" Nessira asked.

"Nessira you know I would do anything for you, but what you seek is not in my care."

"Do you know where we can find it?" Nessira asked.

"There is a place, it may have what you seek, but I am afraid you may not want to venture there."

"Where is it?" Patrick asked stepping closer.

"A place you have been before, Regiam Adducerent Draikoth!"

Nessira's face suddenly turned white as she backed away from the counter. "Oh, um..." She said looking at Patrick for a moment before turning and leaving the shop.

"What, what was that again?" He said to Evras."

"You do not know it as well as she does, I believe she had turned you into a statue."

"Wait, how did you... Oh, God." He said suddenly realizing where the books were.

"Take care Dovah Kro, this journey may not have the ending you seek."

"Dovah Kro, what does that mean?"

"It is the language of Dragons, you will know soon enough."

Patrick stood there for a moment before he nodded to the old man which seemed silly knowing he was blind and said: "thank you, " before he turned to go after Nessira. As he stepped outside he saw her standing there with her arms folded facing the wall across the way. Patrick stepped closer and places his hand on her shoulder. "We don't have to go, let's just forget all of this and go back to the hotel." Patrick said to her.

"No, we have to go there, " she said without hesitation.

"But, everything that happened there, " he said trying to talk her out of it.

"Patrick, " she said turning around to face him. "There is no threat there anymore, at least nothing you and I can't handle, but if there is information there that we can use then we are going!"

"Are you okay with that?"

"As long as you are with me, let's go!" She said as she turned and raised her hand opening a portal.

"You know how to get there?"

"I've always known, now let's go, " she said taking his hand as they stepped through it together.

As they stepped through they were standing in the main hall of the place where Ror'gon had brought Nessira and corrupted her. It seemed darker then he remembered as he had only been there for a short time. Nessira raised her hand as all the torches lit up brightening the room as they got a good look around. 

Nessira turned to see the skeletal remains of Ror'gon's headless corpse on the floor a few feet away. She also looked over and saw the skeletons of three men chained to the wall that she had pleasured to death to feast on their life force. It was all starting to come back to her looking over at the large doors that led to the bedroom where she had laid with Baphomet, and the throne where she had fucked the dead beast behind her.

"You alright Ness?"

"I'm fine!"

"So this was Draikoth's castle, I assumed it was Ror'gon's."

"He just claimed it after Draikoth's demise, but there is a chamber, it's downstairs, it probably has the books we seek." She said leading him out of the main hall through a door which lead down a large set of stairs.

Patrick followed her noticing how uncomfortable she was being back in this place. As the descended down the torches seemed to light on there own brightening up their path. The air felt old and stale the further down they went until the reached the bottom. Patrick wasn't sure how deep they were but he walked into this large room filled with books of different sizes and textures.

As he walked he saw books that looked to be made of flesh. It was a bit disturbing to see but there were other scriptures with language written that he had never seen before. There was also a strange painting on the wall that showed a large black dragon which was apparently female and another that he assumed was male but looked as if it had been scratched apart so there was little detail left.

"This was Draiktoh's personal library, after he was banished to this realm he spent centuries gaining all the knowledge he could get his hands on."

"Good thing he was destroyed then, " Patrick said as he began looking around until he noticed a hallway with strange drawings on the wall.

As Nessira looked through the old books Patrick walked out seeing what looked like cave paintings. It depicted two dragons he assumed we're the same ones in the painting but it was like a timeline drawn out. He saw the two dragons apparently coupled together in harmony. As he walked down the hallway he saw the birth of a creature that he didn't recognize. He thought maybe it was Draikoth but had never seen the beast so he was not sure.

As the story went on he saw the unknown creature doing horrible things which lead to the same two dragons apparently battling with each other. The way it played out showed the creature being banished to another world and the male dragon leaving its mate alone. It was a rather strange story but it caught his interest.

It wasn't until he came to the end of the hallway seeing a dark chamber. He raised his hand creating a ball of light as he walked into the large room and began looking around. The smell was a bit horrible as he began to see skeleton bones everywhere. They appeared to be chained to the walls and their pelvic bones seemed to be destroyed.

"What the hell?" He said shocked by what he was seeing.

"Patrick?" He heard Nessira's voice say. "I think I found what we are looking for, " She said walking in shocked to see what he was looking at. "What the fuck?"

"It gets worse, " he said moving the light over to what looked to be broken scaly looking eggs. "I trust this didn't happen when you were here?"

"I don't know what the fuck this is, " Nessira said disgusted at what she saw. "My question is, what was in the eggs?"

"I dunno, but I'd prefer not to find out."

Patrick and Nessira rushed back to the other room looking at a large book that seemed to be bound in a scaly leather that Nessira had found. He opened it seeing the pages made of a similar material but lighter in color with strange markings written inside. He soon realized that this book was made from the flesh if a dragon.

"My God, this is strange." He said.

"Can you read it?" She asked looking at the book.

"Not yet, but maybe there is a way to translate it, " he said as he examined each page further. "Agorir, does that name sound familiar?"

"Agorir, I remember hearing that name before, let me think, " she said deep in thought. "back when I was the red witch, there was a special powder I used in some of my options called Agorir bone powder, I am not sure where it came from but it had amazing effects on my potions."

"Hmm, do you remember where you got it?"

"Some traveler came to town selling remedies, I bought most of his stock because unlike him I actually knew how to use this stuff, but he was a mere mortal and is probably long since dead."

"Hmm, maybe there is a book here, like a codex or something for dragon language, " he said placing the book down and looking through the shelf where she had found this one.

As he dug through the many different books before him Nessira looked around. She wandered over to a table nearby seeing some different items on top of it including a sort of looking glass on top of a piece of paper. She stepped around to the other side of the table and examined the object as it was down on a piece of paper that was written in a language that did not look to be dragon but was one she did not recognize.

As she stepped closer she took the glass and looked through it. What she saw was rather amazing as the letters that she was unable to read before were suddenly become clearer. It was not so much seeing the words as much as it was like she could see what the words mean as she looked over the paper.

"Patrick, come here!" She said sounding excited as he rushed over and showed him the glass she was using.
