 Ondinea had wandered the lands around her home all her life. She knew every tree, rock, stream, and pond as far as the eye could see from atop the highest mountain. She lived alone and had not seen another person in the surrounding lands since she was a young girl. The last she had seen was her grandmother, who left to join the forest once Ondinea had learned all she could to tend the land. Though she didn't understand what her grandmother meant, she could see that she was happy, and Ondinea felt no fear at her departure. She knew how to care for the valley and where to pick the best berries. She also looked forward to exploring the lands further and getting to know every inch of the land.

After years of discovery, Ondinea felt that she had reached her goal and began thinking about going beyond the mountains in search of others next spring. However, one day while traveling home from a long afternoon of gathering fruits and flowers from the valley she found herself unable to find her lifelong dwelling. Bewildered, she decided to retrace her steps and find her way home. She laughed to herself as she headed toward the stream, trying to remember the last time she had lost her way so thoroughly. The day's forage had taken her farther than expected, but she was still confident in finding her way home.

As Ondinea headed downhill to find the stream that would lead her home she noticed that the woods had grown thicker than she remembered, but continued to push onward. As she pushed through a particularly thick hedge of blueberries the ground suddenly gave way from beneath her and she felt herself go tumbling down through the brambles of pines and nettles that covered a steep bank. The foliage tore at her clothes and whipped at her skin as she crashed through the thickets. Through her awareness of the stinging that was steadily spreading over her body, Ondinea managed to wonder at where she must be, as the valley in which she had done the day's gathering was a gradual slope all the way to the ridge and contained no steep drops that she was aware of. This thought was shattered as she was suddenly flung into the open air and slammed to the ground, losing consciousness. 

Ondinea came to, and tried to recall the events that had lead her here, but the aches from her fall, that she didn't quite remember, distracted her from contemplating the prelude to her position. Slowly standing, she felt her wounds and found nothing broken or badly bleeding. Relieved and intact, she at once became aware of her surroundings.

She stood on a narrow, sandy bank of a large pond, which was mostly lined by rocks and moss, with a thin waterfall falling onto a stone shelf, that just touched the surface of the water on the opposite side of the pool. The beach she stood on sloped into dazzling blue-green water, which was smoother than glass despite the water that was sliding into the pool from the stone shelf. 

Wanting to clean herself of the fresh wounds, Ondinea headed around to the waterfall along the supply enmossed stones lining the lake. The water rained down from high above, yet fell gently across the stone shelf in a welcoming fashion. She undressed and laid her tattered clothes nearby, then stepped into the showering falls. The water was cool on her skin, which dimpled as she leaned her head back to wet her auburn hair and sate her thirst. It tasted clean, and soothed her scrapes as it ran down her slender frame. Using a small patch of nearby moss she cleaned her body of the dirt and dried blood. Surprisingly, it felt as if her wounds were healing while she scrubbed the grime away from her skin. Feeling refreshed and rejuvenated, she walked out of the falls toward the poolside; her wet, olive skin shimmering in the late afternoon sun that came down through the treetops. 

Ondinea could see clearly to the bottom of the sand-lined pond, and dipped her toes in to find that it felt much warmer than the waterfall in which she had cleaned herself. Ondinea slid herself gently into the pool and the warm, silky water felt like skin sliding over her legs, stomach, breast, and face. The sensation was overwhelming as she surfaced, and she found herself breathing heavily and sinking her feet into the sand, looking for something to steady herself. She thought for a moment of the stories her grandma would tell her, about Elementals of the forest who lived within various webs of life that made up the land. According to her grandmother, each animal, plant, and element of the land played a unique role in the story of life, and the sprites and fairies that she spoke of were born from these memories. As much as she loved the stories, her musings on childhood tales drifted away as Ondinea became more at ease in the warm water.

Feeling relaxed, she laid her head back and floated on the surface with unnatural ease. It felt as though she was sliding across the skin of a lover, and in these new musings, she felt the blood rush to her womanhood. The thickness of the surrounding wood made her feel very at home in this warm and soothing respite, and she spread her arms and legs wide, enjoying the silky touch of the water around her. 

After some time, she could almost swear that the water itself seemed to be lapping gently between her legs, and she became intensely aware of a sensitivity and responsiveness in her body, which she had only played at understanding by herself in the past. The rushing of blood to her vulva hardened her cliterous, and her breasts heaved out of the water as she breathed in deeply at the sensation of warm silkiness washing over her. As she reveled in the excitement and novelty of this experience, the water began moving more than when she arrived, yet she felt at ease and relaxed back into the water. 

Ondinea closed her eyes and drifted along the edge of dream and reality; and felt that the water between her legs began to pull aside her labia and splash gently against the inner folds of her now glistening pussy. The gentle waves seemed to become more focused on her most sensitive spots, and the energizing feeling spurred her to take some action in furthering the pleasure. 

Moaning gently, she reached a hand between her legs to find her fingers encounter something other than her puffy and silken womanhood; but instead slide through fine, silver hair on the back of a head. She gasped and looked down to see the blue eyes of a man who was forming out of the very water she was floating on. His eyes shined of a smile as he buried his face between her legs. Ondinea panted with delight as a hand formed out of the water, slid up her hip, and across her stomach. His hand crept up to her breasts and grasped them together firmly as he sucked the whole of her cunt into his mouth and tugged it gently away from her body. Suddenly, he let it pop out of his mouth and snap back to reveal a playful grin and slipped into the water, disappearing completely.

Ondinea dropped her hips into the water and treaded in a circle looking for a sign of her admirer. Starting to think that she may have imagined the surprise lover who just roused her desire, she grew disappointed. She thought possibly that her memories of the old stories must have overcome her, and let her imagination run wild. She had, at times in the past, found herself in the forest enjoying the richness of her realm and drifting into sultry fantasy, but never so vividly as this. Suddenly she felt ripples at her back and quickly turned to see him, fully formed, right before her. 

He moved in quickly and kissed her passionately, pulling her close against his body. Whether or not this was a dream or illusion, Ondinea no longer cared, and wished to enjoy it for whatever it was. Their embrace continued and she felt his flesh against her frame and the heat growing between his legs as she ran her toes up and down his calves. The pulse of his arousal slid slowly up between her thighs and throbbed against her thin slit as he continued to kiss her. He entwined his legs with hers and leaned her head back by pulling on her hair and nipped at her chest. She flinched at first as his teeth approached her perky bosom, but tingled with pleasure when his bite was gentle and firm. His manhood now pushed firmly upward against her underside as a tree leaning toward the sun does on the side of a cliff. 

Ondinea wished to know more about his protruding member that radiated heat against her. She reached her hand down between herself and the man, grasped his swollen cock, and explored its nature. She thought about the shape and firmness of it, how it was quite different from her own parts, and how it seemed fittingly made, just for her. She slid her finger from the swollen tip and along the length of it, and then gripped it hard, pulling it against her pussy. He pulled his hips back slowly from her, and she popped the head of his prick into her moistened cunt, then slid herself slowly down onto him until their hips squeezed together. Holding her tight, he lifted her onto her back on the surface, which was suddenly solid against her back. He began gliding up and down against her body, pressing firmly against her from head to toe as his cock glided in and out of her. The water at her back held firm under his pressure and Ondinea felt caressed from all sides. 

Finally accepting that this was all real, Ondinea seized control and rolled the water sprite onto his back. Her legs dangled into the pool around him as she squeezed her insides hard against him, and arched her breasts into the air. She rode on top of him while her clit rubbed hard against his pelvis and his cock slid back and forth inside her. He then grasped the small of her back with one hand while pushing against the soft flesh above her pubic bone with the other. She could feel the movement inside her push more firmly against his grip.

Ondinea felt the pressure inside her grow firmer, and the throbbing of him more sporadic. He bucked against her harder than before and she felt his cock push against the inner walls of her womanhood. The waves of heat that started rushing through her body became reflected in the surface of the water as little peaks began rising and falling all around them. She shuddered all over and her arms clamped against him as her nerves exploded across her body. She simultaneously felt the blue-eyed man thrust deep into her and release waves of hot cum that warmed her inside and out. For what seemed like ages, they came together on the surface of the pool, which lurched around them and splashed high into the air. 

As the waves of pleasure subsided, she laid against him and the entangled lovers melted together back into the pond, where they could still feel the sensation of each other, and swirl through the streams and lakes of the realm she now inhabited and shared with him. As she dissolved into the pool, she vaguely realized that she herself had been a fairy of sorts all along and had often existed as a lily on a pond when she retired for sleep. 

The lily and the water sprite continued their affair through the years, and together, extended their reach further than she had ever imagined possible. They flowed beyond the valley, and evaporated into the sky, only to rain down and spread their influence on the lands beyond as their love birthed new streams and flowers throughout the realm.