 Note: This is the second chapter of "Lindsay Gets a Special Gift". I hate to spoil things, but this contains mother-daughter incest. So for those who do not like that, I'm sorry. Otherwise, enjoy.



It had been exactly one week since Donza beamed me back to earth, and I was still in love with my cock. I had only changed it back to a pussy a couple of times to practise my mind and body so it wouldn't take me three or more tries to change it. After a few tries, I could easily change it back and forth. I, of course, always preferred my new, amazing cock to my pussy. I loved the way it slid against my panties as I walked around. I jerked off every night, always thinking of Donza, the most beautiful creature in the galaxy. I could perfectly remember her face, her purple eyes, her tentacle-like hair, her smell, the amazing scent of her cock. I could remember the way she looked at me, her tender touch on my skin, when she said she loved me. I still miss her, every second of every day. I would always look up at the stars at night, hoping to see a glimpse or a sign, but I didn't. But I knew she'd be back for me, I could tell by the look in her eyes when she promised me.

I had of course told no one about my new 'toy', not even Lucy. We may share all our secrets, but this was something I had to keep to myself, at least for now.

I was secretly fiddling with my cock under my sheet as I lay on the couch, watching some lame movie on tv. My 20 year old sister, who was on vacation when I met an alien race, sat on the other couch next to my mother. They were talking about school and being a teacher. My sister was going to college too. She wanted to be a teacher, just like my mother. She would start her last year when my first began. I on the other hand was going to college to become a vet.

I kind of dozed off and fell asleep as I was trying to watch the movie. I woke up at about 1 o'clock due to back pain. The couch was definitely not as comfortable as my bed. I sat up and stretched my back to relieve the pain. My mother and sister had already gone to bed and I decided I should too. I folded the sheet, put it away and started making my way upstairs. I decided I was going to brush my teeth in the morning since it was already 1 o'clock and I was too tired. I was about to enter my room when I heard sobbing coming from my mother's room. I walked over to her door and slowly pushed it open.

"What's wrong?" I asked. My mother sat up in bed, leaning against the wall.

"Oh, Lindsay," she said as she quickly glanced up, "I thought you fell asleep on the couch."

I entered the room and shut the door behind me and said: "I did, but I couldn't really sleep well on that thing. Is everything all right?"

"It's just that..." tears rolled down her cheeks, "it's just... I miss your father so much."

My father died a few years ago due to cancer. It was a shock for all of us. My sister and I got over it after a few months, but our mother never fully did. The first week after his death, she would cry every day. After a while she accepted it, but she still cried from time to time. My sister and I had tried to get her dating again, but she never wanted to.

"Oh mom, it's all right." I said as I was walking over to her. I crawled next to her on the bed and hugged her tightly and said: "I miss him too." We sat there for a few moments hugging and I heard she stopped crying after a while. I stopped hugging, but took her hands in mine, looked at her and said:

"You know mom, it has been four years. Don't you think it's time to... you know, move on, find someone new?"

She shrugged. "I don't know... it's just..."

"It's not like you're not pretty mom, in fact you're beautiful."

And she was beautiful. She may be in her early forties, but she had no competition when it came to looks, or personality for that matter. Her long black hair always shone and it matched perfectly with her stunning green eyes. Unlike me she always had this darker skin as if she was always a bit tanned. She had the same thin red lips like I did. And her looks didn't stop there. She had an amazing body with amazing curves as well. I've never known her actual bra size, but it looked something like a C, and she had a cute small butt. Every man would kill to be with her.

"Thank you," she said, "I'm so happy I still have you and your sister."

"We will always be there for you mom, and we will always love you."

She pulled me closer and hugged me again. And this time, I couldn't help but notice her scent. It had something... special. It was intoxicating. I had never thought of my mom in a sexual way, but the way she smelled got me a little aroused. And the feeling of her breasts against mine didn't help at all. I tried to think about other stuff, but my mind always drifted back to her and her body. I knew it was wrong, but I couldn't help it.

"Would you mind sleeping with me tonight?" she suddenly asked as she pulled away from me.

I snapped back to reality. "W-w-what... what do you mean?" I asked as I blushed.

"Just, you know, it's nice having someone lay in bed next to you once and a while."

"Oh, sure, no problem." I said. For a moment there I thought she meant sex.

We crawled under the sheets and she moved a bit closer to me. I could feel her heat on my skin and this aroused me even more. "Thank you." she said again and quickly fell asleep. I knew it was wrong, but my mind drifted off again and I pictured her naked in front of me. "No." I said to myself, but it was already to late. My cock was already fully erect. 

And here was the only problem. When I had a hard-on, I couldn't possibly change my cock back into a pussy, I just couldn't. For me to change it, I had to think of myself with a pussy, but when I had an erection, the only things I could concentrate on were my throbbing cock and whatever it was that got me aroused. So I turned my back to her and hoped for the best. I got scared when she suddenly grabbed me by the stomach in her sleep, but luckily she let me go after a while. It was not long after that I fell asleep too.

My mom was already up and running when I woke up. I still had a raging hard-on and hoped that my mother didn't see it. I quickly ran to the toilet and jerked off. With all these thoughts about her, it didn't take long for me to cum. This is wrong I thought to myself. This is my mother. I shouldn't do this. With this in mind, I went downstairs. My mother had just left for work when I arrived downstairs. She was a math teacher in a high school about fifteen minutes from our house. I could see my sisters car in front of our house so I was pretty sure she was still asleep. I ate breakfast and decided to watch tv. I had to get my mind off of my mother.

Luckily I found a show about aliens. Even though it was ridiculous and it was about dangerous aliens trying to invade earth and killing all humans, it helped me think of Donza, who was of course the exact opposite. I wondered what she would think of me if she knew about my new sexual affection to my mother. Maybe it's because of my new cock I quickly thought to myself. Maybe my new body part released hormones or something. Maybe Donza had the same problem when she first got her cock. Ah, who am I kidding, she would probably be disgusted. And she would have good reason to, it was wrong. I hoped she would return soon, so my thoughts would only be fixed on her again.

I was so absorbed in my thoughts than I didn't hear my sister walk into the room and I jumped a little when she said: "Good morning little sis, whatcha watching?"

I quickly glanced at my sister who was already sitting on the other couch and said: "Hi, nothing really, some dumb show about aliens."

We watched tv for a while until I finally broke the silence.

"So, you got any plans for today?"

"Oh yeah, you don't know it yet... There are special activities in college for the freshmen the first week of school and the seniors have to help prepare them so I'm going to college for a few days. I'll try to be home by the end of the week."

"Oh, sounds like fun." I said.

"Yeah it will be."

I turned my attention back to the tv and my sister went to the kitchen. It took some time before it hit me. I was going to be alone with my mother for the next few days. This was a disaster.

The day went by far too quick. My sister spent all day packing her things, making sure she had everything she needed while I spent the entire day wondering what I would do about my mother. When our mom came home at around four o'clock we ate, my sister put her luggage in her car, said goodbye and drove off. My mother and I spent the rest of the evening talking about her work or about my studies. For my mother this was all very normal, but for me it was hell. I couldn't concentrate on what she was saying. My eyes always drifted towards her lips, her breasts or her ass as she walked by. In my mind I pictured her naked on my bed. 

Fuck, this is wrong I thought to myself, I need to get out of here. "I'm going to bed mom." I quickly said.

She looked surprised. "Already? It's only 10:15."

"Yeah, I didn't sleep very well last night," I lied, "I'm pretty tired."

"Okay then," she said, "goodnight."

"Goodnight." I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and her sweet scent found its way into my nose. I lingered there for a moment, taking it in, before I quickly made my way upstairs.

I fell into my bed and buried my face in my pillow as hard as I could. "Get out of my head!" I yelled into the pillow. I lay there like that for what felt like hours. I heard my mother going to bed and not long after that I somehow fell asleep.

It was already a bit after 10 when I woke up. I didn't know how long I slept, but it certainly didn't feel like enough. Since it was already after 10 I knew my mother wasn't home. I went downstairs and let myself drop on the couch. I would just eat breakfast later. I gazed and the ceiling and fell asleep again. I woke up at around 3 and decided I should eat something. After I ate I picked up a book and started reading. At around five my mom texted me saying that there was an emergency meeting at her school and that she would be home at around six. My eyes fell upon the word 'mom' on my phone and I was already turned on.

"Ah fuck it." I said to myself and I put down the phone and quickly stripped naked. My hands were already all over my breasts as I pictured my mom stripping right here in front of me. In my mind my mother was already wearing next to nothing. She slowly took off her red see through babydoll and let it fall to the ground. She quickly unhooked her black bra and let it fall next to her babydoll. My nipples were as hard as they could get and I played with them the same way my mother played with hers. I slowly caressed and gently pinched them. I let out muffled moans and I could feel my cock getting hard.

One of my hands made its way over my belly down to my cock. I fondled my balls as my mother carried on with her striptease. She caressed her sides as her hands found her black ---thong---.She playfully takes the elastic band in her fingers and pulls it down. The ---thong--- fell to her feet and she looked at me lustfully. My cock was raging hard and I gently took it in my hand. My body shivered at my touch. My cock was throbbing uncontrollably in my hand. It was begging to be pleased.

I very willingly answered my own cry for help and started stroking it very slowly. "Aah." My mom was already sitting on the floor, leaning against the wall as she played with her clit. I moaned louder as I enjoyed these wrong thoughts about her. My cock was throbbing even harder now. I moved my hand faster as my mom slid her first finger in her pussy. My other hand now forcefully pinched my nipples as my stroking rapidly increased. In no time my mother had two fingers thrusting in her pussy as her thumb massaged her clit.

My body was shaking uncontrollably and I could feel an orgasm building up. I moaned and screamed louder. "Aah, mom... Fuck... ah." My mom was nearing her orgasm too as she tilted her head back and moaned as loud as she could. Every part of my body was burning up. My cock was twitching in my hand and I knew it was only a matter of seconds before I blew my load. "Ah, yes!"

That's when I heard a loud gasp and the sound of keys hitting the ground. I opened my eyes and saw my mother staring at me. The meeting must have been canceled because she was home way too early. My entire body went numb. I couldn't move. She had a clear view of my naked body I saw her eyes were glued to my cock in my hand. We looked at each other, both our mouths wide open, for what felt like ages but was just a split second. "Fuck!" I yelled. I could feel my head getting red as I quickly took my clothes and tried to cover myself up. When I looked back, my mother had already ran into the kitchen.

I very quickly put my clothes back on and sat there on the couch, holding my head in my hands. "Fuck." I mumbled to myself. I sat there for a while, thinking about what had just happened, what was going to happen. I had all these thoughts and feelings rushing through my head. I was afraid, then I was angry and then I was afraid again. I knew nothing would ever be the same again. I could never face my mom again. I knew she had clearly seen my cock, maybe if she didn't everything would be all right, but she did. I felt tears building up. The image of her seeing me like this would haunt me forever. And I was sure seeing me like that would haunt her forever. Then I just broke down and started crying.

I kept crying, for what felt like hours, until I felt a pair of arms around my shoulders. I opened my eyes and saw my mother sitting next to me, hugging me tightly. I let my head rest on her shoulder and continued sobbing.

"Sshh baby, it's all right." she said as she stroke my hair.

We sat there for a few moments until my sobbing stopped and I hugged her back. We let each other go and I just stared at the ground nervously. There is no way I could look her in the eyes after what had just happened. But apparently she could. She took my head in her hands, turned it towards hers, gave me a kiss on my forehead and looked me in the eyes. Her eyes were so beautiful. I could see the compassion in them. My eyes formed tears again, but she gently wiped them away.

"Look Lindsay," she said with a soft, tender voice, "I know what I saw. I don't know how it's possible though."

"I'm so sorry."

"There's no need to apologize sweetie."

I hugged her tightly again.

"I'm just trying to understand how this is possible." she said.

I moved back and took her hands in mine. "It's... kind of hard to explain."

She smiled and squeezed my hands a bit and said: "It's okay."

I stared into her warm eyes again and decided to tell her. "I... uhm... I don't think it's all right for me to tell you where I got it from, or who gave it to me." 

I couldn't tell her about Donza, or my abduction. I'm pretty sure she either wouldn't really believe it or she would freak out, and I'm sure that Donza wouldn't want it either.

"But I think it's all right to tell you why and how I got it." I continued. "I... I never told anyone, except Lucy, but I'm a lesbian."

She nodded and smiled and I knew she accepted my 'choice' so I continued explaining. I told her about loving transsexuals and shemales, I told her about wanting to have a cock. I told her about the elixir, that I could change it back to my pussy again but how I preferred my cock. I told her everything apart from Donza, her species and the abduction. She never knew I had been in space only a week ago. It felt surprisingly good to let it all out, to tell (most of) the truth. As I explained everything, my mother always nodded and smiled. I didn't know if she actually believed me, but she had to know that this was not normal, that this was something special. After I was done talking my mother was silent for a while. I saw that she was taking in all this strange, new information which of course was unbelievable.

She smiled and said: "It's okay honey, it doesn't matter to me if you like women or men or if you have something extra or whatever, you have always been my daughter and you always will be. I have always loved you and I always will."

"Do you believe me?"

She chuckled and said: "It's kind of hard to believe when you don't tell me where you got it, but I think I do, or at least I try to."

"Maybe I'll tell you later."

She gave me another kiss on my forehead and leaned back. We sat there, holding hands. I was feeling happier now that I had let it all out, and I'm sure my mom was still trying to get things straight. I felt her hand squeezing mine and when I looked over I noticed she was blushing and she was getting a bit nervous. "Is everything all right mom?"

"Y-yeah... sure... it's just..." she was blushing even harder, "seeing you like that got me a bit excited."

I was blushing now too. Imagining her was easy and harmless, but hearing her say this made me feel weird. It didn't feel right. I got nervous now too and managed to smile a little before she continued.

"It's has been a long time since I saw... you know since your father..." Her face was as red as a tomato by now. She was looking down at the floor and fondled with her hair. I saw how she was embarrassed just by talking about this. "I'm sorry sweetie."

I leaned towards her and caressed her back. "It's okay, I understand."

She smiled and was silent for a few moments. After a while she finally broke the silence. "Can I see it?" she asked hesitantly.

My body went rigid when I heard the words come out of her mouth. Almost immediately all sorts of thoughts shot through my mind. Both good and bad, both wanting this and not wanting this. "Sure, I guess." I said after a while even though I knew I was going to regret this.

I took off my pants and saw that my mom was getting excited. I took hold of my panties and lingered for a moment. I wasn't sure if this was all right. And against my better judgment I slowly slid out of my panties. My mom gasped again when she saw it. It was already limp by now, all the excitement from before was long gone. She got on her knees in front of me and her eyes were glued to my cock. I could swear I heard her say wow as she inspected it thoroughly.

I was blushing so hard and was so embarrassed knowing my mother was so close to my cock. I sighed a little when I felt her fingers around my cock for the first time. "It's so real and beautiful." she said as her hands were touching and squeezing my shaft and my balls. I felt my cock getting hard in her hands and let out a small moan. I didn't have the strength or the willpower to open my eyes as I felt her hands gliding along my cock from top to bottom and back.

By this time I knew she had lost all self control and that she was filled with pure lust. She continued stroking my shaft and started massaging my balls too. I moaned louder as she moved faster now. My head was tilted back and my mouth open wide, enjoying this moment. I knew deep down it was wrong, but it felt too good to stop. When I felt her hands leaving my cock, it felt empty, like something was missing. But this didn't take long.

I felt her hands caressing my inner thighs and a pair of soft lips kissing the head of my cock. I arched my back in pleasure as I moaned, pushing my cock against her lips again. She didn't waste a second and I soon felt her lips gliding down my cock. I moaned uncontrollably. I felt her nose pressing against my pubic area and her chin against my balls and I knew she had taken it all in. "Oh God." was all I could say as I felt her lips gliding up and down. Her tongue swirled around the head of my cock and it drove me crazy.

I heard her moan to and I finally had the courage to look at her. She had one of her hands in her own pants, enjoying herself. This sight was incredible and so wrong. The intensity of my earlier fap session came back and was doubled. I began to tremble and I knew my orgasm was close. "Mom, I'm going to cum." But she didn't stop like I thought she would. Instead she went faster and combined the feeling of her hot lips with one of her hands stroking up and down my cock in the same motion as her head.
