 My heart was pounding. After a little over a week we were finally landing on Donza's home planet. I was so excited. I stood there, one hand around Donza's waist, the other holding my bag filled with my clothes, toothbrush and everything else I could pack, as a voice announced through the speakers we were landing in approximately one minute. Before we left on our journey, Donza beamed me back to earth so I could pack everything. That gave me another chance to hug my mom one last time and tell her that I loved her and that I would definitely see her again. After she kissed me Donza beamed me back and we set off. And now, the time has finally come. I felt the ship landing on the ground. Donza looked at me. Her amazingly soft blue skin, her stunning purple eyes, her beautiful smile. I felt warm inside every time I saw her. I got lost every time I stared into her eyes. Every touch of her skin, every kiss from her lips felt like heaven. Every time I saw here, I knew she was the one. The one I wanted, the one I needed, the one I would never let go... the one I loved. She leaned forward and pressed her incredible lips against mine. I savored her taste, her scent, her touch. She broke the kiss and said, "Welcome home."

At that exact moment the door in front of us opened and a platform extended, allowing us to exit. We walked forward, out of the ship and into the light. At first my eyes had to adjust to the brightness, but when they finally did, the sight took my breath away. In the distance there was a gigantic waterfall cascading from a cliff that was at least 5 miles wide. Atop the cliff were trees and plants unlike any I have ever seen. It was hard to tell from here but the trees were definitely three times as big as ours. The water from the waterfall landed in a big river that took a left turn and ran further into a forest. A few miles left of the river and closer to us there was an enormous city. There were big skyscrapers, some were apartments, others were big companies and there were normal sized houses. There were thousands of people walking around. From here they were almost dots. The cars were also different. Instead of driving, they were more or less floating just above the ground and looked way more advanced. "Wauw, it's beautiful."

Donza chuckled and squeezed me closer against her. "Come honey, I'll show you my house."

"Don't you have to like... debrief or something?"

"That can wait 'till tomorrow," she said, "the most important thing is you."

I smiled and gave her a kiss. we made our way off the landing platform and I turned around to take a look at the ship. I had never seen it from outside before and I was amazed by the size. It was at least as big as three airplanes. Donza tugged at me and we made our way into a building. It was filled with women hugging, kissing and crying happy to see their loved ones again. It was a bit strange to only see women everywhere. Because Donza was the captain of the ship, she had to fill in some data on a holo computer. While I waited I looked around and saw a few people staring at me. I couldn't really blame them considering I'm the first human being ever on this planet. After a while Donza was ready and we made our way to the exit. 

"I saw a few people staring at me, I can understand why." I said.

"Don't worry," Donza replied, "our people are pretty open minded."

"Thank God."

Once outside we took what seemed to be a cab and went off. The car didn't make any sound at all and you felt almost nothing when it took a turn.

"I'll show you around the city tomorrow," Donzasaid, "I have something special planned. I know you'll love it."

I smiled and kissed her. "I can't wait to see your bedroom." I said and gave her a wink. She chuckled and held me tighter. The ride took about fifteen minutes and most of the ride we were just silent, enjoying each others' company. Near the end I looked out of the window and noticed that we weren't in the city, but in a more remote place. There were no big buildings or thousands of people, just grass and flowers and plants I didn't know. "You don't live in the city?" I asked.

Donza shook her head. "No. The city is too crowded for me, I like a place that's quiet and where I can relax." Then she said in a whisper, "It also means we have a lot of privacy."

I grinned. "I like the sound of that."

Suddenly the cab stopped. I got out and the first thing I saw was this gigantic, beautiful house. My jaw dropped. I noticed water flowing behind the house and I knew that we were right next to the river. The cab left and Donza stood next to me. She must have seen my reaction 'cause she laughed a bit. "So? What do you think?"

"It's huge."

"Come, I'll show you around."

I took my bag in my hand and put my arm around her waist. She led me to her front door and put her thumb on a little device on the wall next to it. The door swooshed open without a sound. "Here," she said as she was touching the screen of the device, "put your thumb where I put mine." I did as she said and the device made a little beeping sound. "Congratulations, you have officially moved in." she said. I was so happy, I just moved in with Donza. I moved in front of her and pressed my lips firmly against hers. 

"I love you so much." I said.

"I love you too sweetie. Come." We entered a short hallway that led to the living room. The living room was a huge black and white themed room with a enormous couch, something that looked like a big flat screen TV, a table, chairs, rugs, everything. The stairs to the second floor were here and there were window doors that led to the back where you could see the river flowing. "This is the living room." Donza said.

She showed me the rest of the house. She had a big kitchen, a garage with an awesome car. We went upstairs and she showed me the bathroom, which had what looked like a comfortable shower/bath tub and the bedrooms (hers had a king-size bed). She had a balcony in her room where you had a view on the river and the woods behind it. Her entire house was filled with advanced things I had never seen before. After the tour we lay close together in her garden by the edge of the river. I let my feet dangle in the water. It felt refreshing in the hot sun. We lay there for a long time just talking about her house and everything else we could come up with.

"I'm going to take a shower." I said.

"I'll be waiting in our bedroom." Donza replied with a smile on her face.

I gave her a kiss and went upstairs. At first I couldn't really remember where the bathroom was and I ended up in our bedroom. I laughed at myself and after a bit of searching I finally found it. I walked in and looked around. The wall in front of me was one big mirror. The closet and sink were to my left and the big shower/bath tub was to my right. The bath tub was big enough for at least four people, if not five. I stripped naked and dropped my clothes on the floor. I glanced at myself in the mirror and smiled when I saw my cock before I entered the shower. I turned the shower on. There were a lot of buttons, but thankfully it was pretty straightforward. Blue was colder, red was hotter, just like on earth. I pushed all the other buttons to see what they did. With each push of button the way the shower head sprayed was different. On a few occasions there was even water spraying out of tiny holes in the wall. I finally found the normal spray mode again and enjoyed the warm water. I shampooed my hair and was just about to clean my body when I felt something against my back.

Donza wrapped her arms around my stomach, pressed herself against my back and softly kissed me on the neck. I moaned a little. "I couldn't wait." she said. I smiled, turned my head and gave her a kiss. She saw the bottle of soap in my hands and said: "Here, let me help you with that." She took the bottle, squeezed some soap on her hands and began to rub my stomach. Her hands moved all over my stomach and thighs before they found their way to my breasts. The mixture of warm water and the touch of her hands on my breasts made me shiver. I rested my head on her shoulder and moaned loudly. She groped them softly. She massaged them, pinched them, caressed them while softly kissing my neck. I put my hands on hers as she started pinching my nipples. My body got warmer and my nipples got harder as she touched every part of my breasts.

One of her hands left my breasts and made its way down to my already erect cock. She fondled the head making me moan louder and harder. Not long after that her hand was moving swiftly up and down my throbbing shaft. She kept kissing my neck as her movements became a little faster. She pushed her body harder against me and I felt her raging hard-on pressing against my butt. After a while she let go of my cock and went back to my breasts.

I turned around, pressed my lips against hers and grabbed her butt and kneaded and spread her cheeks. Her hands moved towards my breasts and firmly groped them. We moaned into each others' mouth. I broke the kiss and quickly took her nipple in my mouth. I sucked and nibbled it while I kept spreading her butt cheeks. She gasped and moaned louder. She took her other breast in her hand and squeezed it. I left her breasts and licked my way down her stomach, over her belly button and reached her cock. I let my tongue glide over the bottom of her shaft and swirled my tongue around the head. Her head fell backwards and she put her hands on my head and pushed me against her dick. I eagerly opened my mouth and swallowed her cock whole. The water from the shower combined with her pre cum had was extremely tasteful. My head bobbed up and down, my nose touching her stomach every time. Suddenly she held my head still and began face fucking me. She thrusted her cock extremely fast and hard deep down my throat. Her balls slapped against my chin. I moved my hands down my body and started masturbating. I moaned and shivered.

She pulled her dick out of my mouth and I got back up and pushed my tongue down her throat again. She broke the kiss and whispered, "Let's take this to the bedroom, I want you inside of me." I turned of the shower and pressed my lips against hers again. While we were kissing we stepped out of the shower and made our way to her bedroom.

Both soaking wet I threw her on her bed and jumped on her entwining my tongue with hers again. Our hands flew all over each others' bodies. Breasts, stomach, cock, balls, head, hair, butt. We rolled around in the bed kissing, licking, groping, moaning. At one point Donza took both our cocks in her hand and masturbated. Her tender fingers around my shaft felt amazing. When she let them go I rolled her over on her fours with her butt in the air. I put my hands on her butt cheeks and gently squeezed them. I heard a muffled moan coming from Donza as her head was buried in the pillows. I quickly moved my head closer to her ass. I wanted to taste her insides once again. Donza screamed out load as my tongue plunged as deep as it could in her ass. She screamed, she shivered, her cock twitched uncontrollably as I moved my tongue in every direction possible. I squeezed her butt harder and plunged my tongue deeper and deeper. And when she finally shouted "I want you now!", I couldn't say no.

I rolled her over on her back again and spread her legs. I held my cock half an inch of her ass. I leaned forward, kissed her and pushed myself inside her. She had to break the kiss to let out a loud moan. She wrapped her arms round my neck as I pounded her ass. I took one of her breasts in my hand and squeezed and pinched it. Donza moaned and shouted and I kissed her once again pushing my tongue in her mouth. We lay there, fucking like that for a few minutes until I rolled her back over on her fours and fucked her from behind. I was now even deeper than before. My hands glided over her entire back, made its way to her bouncing breasts and then to her cock. I gently stroked it as I slowed down a little. "No please, don't slow down," Donza said, "I want you more, faster!" I smiled and picked up the pace again. My body slapped against her butt, my balls touching hers with every movement.

We changed positions again. I lay on my back as she straddled me, quickly guiding my cock inside her ass. She grinded at first but then moved again pushing me deeper. Her head was tilted back and mouth open constantly moaning. I started moving as well making her moan even louder. Her amazing breasts bounced up and down as I filled her over and over again. I got up and took one of her nipples in my mouth. My hands were wrapped around her back. I nibbled it softly. Donza put her hands around my head and pulled me harder against her breasts. I eagerly licked and sucked her nipple. My stomach got warm and I knew my orgasm was growing closer. I let go of her breast and pulled her back down on top of me. Her breasts now pushed against mine, our nipples touching. I kissed her again. "Ah Donza, I'm gonna cum."

"Please come inside honey, I want your hot cum inside me." With my orgasm near I pounded as hard as I could. We both screamed in pleasure as I shot strings of cum inside her incredible ass. My cock throbbed and twitched with every ounce of cum leaving my body. I kept fucking her until my cock was milked dry. She slid off me and lay next to me as I regained my breath. She hadn't come yet so I still had work to do. I kissed her once quick and moved my head down. My lips were an inch away from her raging erection. I licked my lips in preparation of the incredible taste I was about to experience.

As my lips closed around her head and moved down her shaft I tasted the one thing I craved more than anything. Donza's cum. She was throbbing uncontrollably as my mouth glided up and down. I took my index finger and middle finger and slid them inside her ass again. She moaned and arched her back pushing herself deeper down my throat. It didn't take long before Donza screamed out my name and I felt her hot cum shooting against the back of my throat. I kept sucking until there was nothing left. My mouth was filled with her amazing sperm. I slid my fingers out of her ass and put them in my mouth. The mixture of her cum, my cum and her ass was amazing. Donza smiled and gestured me to come closer. I kissed her and let her cum and my cum fall into her mouth. We played around with it for a few moments until we both swallowed half of it and then we kept kissing deep into the night until we fell asleep close together.

I woke up first, my body firmly pressed against Donzas. I caressed her beautiful soft blue skin from her stomach to her breasts and back. I wanted to touch this body every second of every day. I moved my head to her stomach, kissed her belly button and rested my head there. My head gently rose up and down with her stomach as she breathed. I dozed off again in the warm comfort of her skin. I was awoken by the feeling of tender fingers caressing my hair and the sound of a sweet voice calling my name. I moved my head to hers and kissed her. "Good morning sweetie." I said as I laid my head on her chest. My head sank in her soft breasts. We lay there like that for a while.

Donza suddenly broke the silence. "So, are you excited to see the city?"

"I can't wait." I said keeping my head rested on her exquisite breasts. And I really couldn't wait. I was so excited. And Donza said she had something special planned which got me even more excited. Donza chuckled. "well then," I said after giving her a quick kiss, "we better get ready."

We got out of bed and took a shower. I washed Donza. This gave me another chance to rub my hands all over her body. Donza said that its always warm on her planet so I put on some fitting clothes. We ate breakfast. I don't know what it was, it kind of looked like bread, but it was really good. When we were done eating Donza packed some food and other stuff in a backpack and then we were ready to go. "Are you ready?" Donza asked. "We have a long day ahead of us." I smiled and nodded and we took off.

Donza's house was a little over half a mile away from the city so it would take us about twenty minutes to get there. This gave me the chance to look around at the big trees and the strange flowers and plants everywhere. Donza told me the name of the flowers and plants and the use some of them had as we walked by. The road was very calm and peaceful and I could understand why Donzas house was a bit away from the city, it was beautiful. Now and then I could hear a strange sounds coming from the forest. "Do you have animals and pets here too?" I asked after hearing something. She nodded. "I'll show you." She took my hand and we walked into the forest. "Stay close." she said. She led me a bit further into the forest. She walked very silently and I tried to do the same. After a few minutes she stopped and pointed at a tree. On a branch, there sat a majestic bird. It was at least the size of an eagle. Part of his feathers were blue while the others were red and the colors made a perfect combination. I stood there a moment, staring. "Wauw, that's beautiful." I said. The bird must have heard me because it looked in my direction, made a soft sound and took off. My eyes followed the bird for as long as they could. "Is there more?" I eagerly asked. She smiled and nodded and led me further and further in the forest.

I don't know how long we had been in the forest. She showed me hundreds of animals each and everyone as beautiful as the last one. There were more birds, some bigger, some smaller. There were animals who looked somewhat like tigers and lions, but they were much smaller and not aggressive. Some even came up to us and we could pat them. There were animals that climbed the trees like monkeys, but looked nothing like them. There were cute, small animals like rabbits. Donza told me the names of the ones she knew and their names were as pretty as the animals themselves. After an hour or so and after seeing most of them we made our way back. After a while we arrived at the city. And it was as Donza said, here the silence was gone. There were thousands of people talking, there were children running around and playing. All women. I looked up and the first thing I saw were train tracks and a train passing by. 

"Why did you build the train tracks in the sky?" I asked.

She looked up. "It's faster and safer than on the ground," she said, "plus it gave the people more space to walk around."

I nodded. "Makes sense."

She chuckled and we walked further. Once in the city we passed by stores, vendors, apartments. Everything was so advanced. There were a lot of signs and holograms. The first buildings we entered was a museum. Specifically one about the history of their planet. I was immediately interested en read almost every bit of information. They had an entire section filled with information about the big disease they had that only effected the males. When I had read everything about it I felt very sorry for them. I couldn't begin to imagine what I had been like to lose almost half of your species. After while we left the museum and I knew a bit more about their planet.

The next building we entered was a book store. Yes, as crazy as it sounds seeing as they are way more advanced than us, they still made books. This was a good thing. I, or rather Donza, bought a few books for me. One was titled 'The way of life on Zeedar' and seeing as I don't know much about their way of life it could only help me. The other book was of course information about their animals, and another one about their food. Donza put them in her backpack and we moved on. 

We walked a long time and Donza showed me every part of the city. Then she took me to a park and we sat down on a bench near a little lake. I looked around and chuckled.

"What?" Donza asked.

"This park reminds me of the first time I met you."
