 Warning: This contains incest, for those who aren't into that, I'm sorry this is not your story. Otherwise, please enjoy!

A big thanks to sgt_dillon who helped me with some ideas for this chapter. 

*

We have been on Donza's planet for almost three months now and everybody seemed to like it. She had plenty of room so we all stayed at Donza's house. We each had our own rooms, Donza and I slept together in the master bedroom, my sister and Lucy slept together in a guest room and my mom had another guest room to herself. But there were some times my mom wouldn't sleep there. She would then either sleep with Tiffany and Lucy or with Donza and me. That was kind of the way it went. I would normally sleep with Donza, but sometimes things would switch and I would sleep with my sister, Donza would sleep with my mother and Lucy and so forth and sometimes we would all get together and have a little fun. Donza and I still loved each other to death, but sometimes we would mix it up, and no one complained. We did however keep the cave in the cliff a secret. That was our special place where we could be as close as possible. No one could bother us. I remember every conversation, every touch, every kiss and every tender love session we had there. Every time we were one, everything disappeared and nothing mattered except the warmth and the touch. Every moment there was perfect.

As for Lucy and my plan for being a veteranarian, everything went well so far. Donza knew a private teacher and she came to our home three times a week to teach us everything we needed to know, the rest of the week we had to study whatever she taught us that week. It was kind of like being homeschooled. The teacher, called Leera, was surprised at how well everything was going. She never had students like us before, not because we were from a different planet, but because we pretty much flew over the lessons. It was both because Lucy and I loved animals and we were excited to open up our own practice and because Leera was a very good and fun teacher. It normally takes around two months to understand the basics of the animals on Zeedar, but we did it in under a month and were already learning pretty advanced stuff. It would of course take about a year or maybe even two before we were finished but I couldn't wait. She also knew about our situation and how we all lived together.

Since Donza was the captain of a space ship that would only take off when she had something to do in outer space, she rarely had to go to work so she would be home most of the time, which I loved. And even though she earned enough money to provide for us all, my mother and sister looked for a job so they would have something to do during the day. My mother, even though she was a teacher on earth, found a job selling clothes somewhere in the city. She had a hard time figuring out their holo-computers and the way everything worked in the store, but the manager understood she was from another planet and helped her a lot. Eventually she figured most of it out and she now sells clothes.

My sister on the other hand found a job as a teacher. She studied that on earth because mom was one and she didn't want to waste it just because she lived on another planet. It's not really a job but more of an internship. She of course had to have a knowledge of whatever she had to teach so she took up the internship and is once again learning to be a teacher. They give her a lot of chances to stand in front of the class and almost every student seemed to love her, probably because she's from earth. Whenever she gets home, she can always fill at least an hour talking about how her day was. Lucy was extremely happy for her that she found something she loved to do.

All in all, no one complained, everyone was happy and we all loved each other.

"That's it for today," miss Leera said as she closed her book and started putting it away, "next week I'll give you a test about everything we've seen so far because from now on, you'll have to know everything." She then looked up with a smile and continued, "But I'm sure you girls will ace it."

"Thanks miss Leera," Lucy and I said in unison.

We all stood up, miss Leera took her bag, said, "See you girls next week," and walked away.

We put our stuff away and went to the yard and lied down in the grass, our feet dangling in the softly flowing river. "Do you miss your parents?" I suddenly asked, not knowing why exactly.

"A bit, just like any other normal person I guess," she answered and I detected no sign of sadness in her voice, "I just wonder what their reaction was when they read my letter." I kept silent, not wanting to say anything in case I said something bad. "Anyway," she continued as she rolled on top of me, "I'm very happy to be here with you guys."

I smiled at her. "I'm glad you came Lucy." She smiled back and kissed me.

This was normal in our house too. No one kissed each other on the cheeks anymore, it was all on the lips, and most of the time, just as right now, there was tongue involved.

"If this is part of your class, I want in too." We both startled at the sudden voice and looked up to see a beautiful blue, smiling creature.

"Hey honey," I said as we both stood up and kissed her, my kiss lasting a little bit longer.

"How was class today?"

We talked a bit about miss Leera and what she taught us today until Lucy suddenly went to the bathroom. "Honey," I said, "I want to talk to you about something important, do you think we could go to our cave this evening?"

"Sure sweetie, you don't want anyone else to know?"

"No, it's something I would rather keep a secret, at least for now."

"Okay, we'll go after dinner."

Lucy and I spent most of the day studying, preparing for our test next week. When mom and Tiffany arrived from work we ate dinner and listened to my sister talking about her day. When that conversation was over, Donza spoke. "I have some news. My sister called this afternoon, she's thinking of moving back to the city and wants to stay here for a while until she finds something. She will probably arrive tomorrow. I know it's a bit late to say it, but I hope that's all right with you."

"Of course Donza," my mother answered, "it's your house and your sister. You don't need our permission for that." We all nodded in agreement.

"Thanks," Donza smiled, "We're all one big family now and I just wanted to see if you guys were all right with this." She then turned to me. "She's been dying to see you sweetie."

I blushed at the attention. "Me? How come?"

"What were her exact words again? Ah yes, she said she can't wait to meet the woman who can keep me under control." I raised one eyebrow in confusion. "I don't know," Donza chuckled as she shook her head, "my little sister is a bit weird, but she's incredibly sweet."

"Well, I look forward to meet her and I'm sure everyone else is too."

After dinner we packed some stuff, said goodbye and took off. They knew we had a secret place we often go to but they respected our privacy and didn't ask us about it. That cave was one of the things that was just between Donza and me. On our way over there Donza asked me about my lessons again. She knew the names of most animals and some basic things about some of them, but she was always interested in learning more about them so I happily told as much as I could.

Once in the cave the sun was already setting and it became a bit darker. As primitive as it might have seen living on their planet, she lit some torches and hung them on the walls making for a beautiful, romantic dim glow. We both got naked and got into the little pool with the always surprising warm waterfall water. She sat down against the wall, the water reaching just above her breasts and I straddled her legs, kissing and feeling each other up a bit.

"So, what did you want to talk about?" Donza asked after we had kissed.

"Well," I began, trying to figure out how I would say it, "I love you very, very much. There is no one else I want but you." She smiled at my compliment. "And I know we have only known each other for almost a year now and this sounds incredibly fast, but I want to have a baby with you, I want your baby." Her expression changed from happy to startled to sad in the span of a few seconds.

She tried to speak. "I... I..."

I hadn't seen the sadness so I just kept talking. "I know it's fast but you're just so perfect and..." Then I saw her eyes water and some tears falling down her cheeks. "What's wrong?" I asked as I put my hands on her cheeks. 'Did I say something?"

"No, it's just..." She had trouble forming words.

I was silent for a moment, thinking back to what I just said. "Is it about the baby?"

She nodded and began crying harder.

"I'm so sorry honey, please don't be mad at me. I didn't mean to..."

"No," she cut me off, "it's... it's not your fault. It's just..."

I moved my hands under the water, grabbed hers and squeezed them. "Please, tell me."

She tried to control her crying and after a few deep breaths she began talking. "There was... A few years before I met you, I had a girlfriend. I mentioned her once when you were on my spaceship." I had to think hard and finally remembered her talking about a girlfriend she had when she and her little sister had slept together. I nodded. "But I never talk about her. We were already together and very much in love before the disease really struck the planet. When my team and I produced the elixir to give the females male reproductive organs I used my cock once on my sister, which I told you before. But she wasn't mad about that, she understood it. Then, later we decided we wanted a baby together. That was at the time that not everyone had been given the elixir so she was still all female. So we kept trying and when it finally worked and she was pregnant, we were so happy. Until the day of birth. Everything went wrong, there were complications... and both her and our unborn baby died. I was so devastated. I cried for weeks and didn't go to work. I spent day and night looking at her tombstone in the graveyard. Then, after long time I took up the space mission. And I was certain that I would never love somebody again, not until I met you. I would do anything to make you happy, but I can't stand the chance of losing another person I love because of me."

I listened to her story in complete silence, crying myself. I hugged her tight and whispered in her ear, "No honey, it wasn't your fault. Don't blame yourself." She started crying again, tears falling on my shoulders, her hands around my body holding me close. She was freezing, even in this hot water. "Come," I said and pulled her gently to her feet, the water dripping from her body, "let's get you dry and covered up."

I walked her out of the pool, sat her down on the blanket we laid down earlier, took a towel from one of our backpacks and began drying her off. "I'm so sorry," she said, still shivering, her body way too cold.

"No, don't worry." I softly replied as I dried off the last few inches of her body. I took a small pillow we folded up out of a backpack, put it on the blanket and gently pushed her down on her back. I continued by grabbing a sheet and covering her still shaking, naked body. I leaned forward, kissed her on the head and said, "Try to sleep honey." And even though it was only around 7 o'clock, a few minutes later she fell asleep. I sat there and gazed at her, the sheet moving up and down as she breathed. Tears began to form in my eyes again, not only because of her story and how terrible it must have been for her, but also for the fact that I may never have a baby with her.

I had no idea she had been through this. As she said, she mentioned a girlfriend once when I confessed that my mother had given me a blowjob, but I never knew they had been so close and so in love. I rubbed my eyes to keep the tears from falling and then took another small pillow, crawled underneath the sheet close to Donza and closed my eyes in the hope to sleep. Her body was already warming up a bit and I held her and somehow fell asleep too.

I woke up next to an empty space. I got up, let out a silent yawn and looked around to find Donza sitting with her back to me, her feet dangling in the pool and staring at the water falling down the opening of the cliff in front of her. I walked up to her, put my hand on her back and sat down next to her, my feet also dangling in the water. I rubbed her back as she rested her head on my shoulder. "Hey, are you all right honey?"

I felt her nodding on my shoulder. "I'm sorry Lindsay, I'm sure that was not how you planned it to go yesterday."

"That's all right," I assured her and after a short pause continued, "It's probably too early to be thinking about kids anyway."

She put her hand on my bare thigh and began softly rubbing it. "No, I don't think it's too soon. I want a baby with you as much as you want honey, but it's just... it's this thought that keeps haunting me. I can't survive seeing another girl I love die."

"Maybe that won't happen," I said, trying to reassure her.

"Maybe."

"And if you're ready or if you ever want someone to talk to, you know I'll be here, right, and so will everyone at home."

She softly squeezed my thigh and kissed my cheek. "Thanks Lindsay."

By noon we were back home. We ate and Lucy and I studied again, but I couldn't really concentrate. I tried to stay strong for Donza, but her story kept twisting in my mind. I really hoped she would get through this, not for me or for my wish to have a baby, but for her, so she could finally be at peace with it.

"You okay Lindsay?" Lucy suddenly asked, pulling me out of my thoughts.

I caught myself staring into nothing. "Euh, yeah. Sure, everything's is all right."

"Really?" she asked, a bit suspicious.

"Yeah, don't worry. Come on, we still have to finish this chapter."

It was a bit after four. Donza and I were watching TV while my mom and Lucy were listening to Tiffany talking yet again about her new day at school. It was always fun hearing her talk so passionately about her work. Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Donza stood up to answer the door and a minute or so later she was introducing us to her little sister.

"Everyone, this is my little sister Miina. Miina, these are Laura, Tiffany, Lucy and Lindsay. Laura is Tiffany and Lindsay's mother and Lucy is a friend of Lindsay and Tiffany's girlfriend."

She greeted everyone and then looked at me and shook my hand as well. "My sister was right, you are very beautiful."

I blushed at the compliment. "Likewise." And she was indeed very pretty. Her 'hair' was a bit shorter than Donza's and reached her upper back. She had a bit of a smaller nose and lips, but the same purple eyes. And she had a few darker blue spots on her face, the same thing we would call freckles. She seemed like a sweet, innocent person.

Unfortunately, mom, Tiffany and Lucy had already planned to go out that day so they couldn't stay. They got ready while Donza and I were talking to Miina and then, like we normally did, they kissed us on the lips and took off. It all felt normal until I saw Miina's look and I got a bit embarrassed. "Yeah, sorry. We're a bit..."

She laughed and waved her hands. "Don't worry, I know. I had sex with my sister too."

"I know."

She leaned forward and said, loud enough for Donza to hear, "Best sex I've ever had."

Donza blushed and slapped her sister playfully on the shoulder. I was kind of shocked by her statement, but seeing as I'm not the one to talk, I decided to play along. "Yeah I know, she's like an animal, she can't stop."

She slapped my shoulder as well and Miina and I both laughed. "Sit down, I'll get us something to drink," Donza said.

While we sat down on the couch Miina continued, "I do want to know how you got together with both your mother, your sister and your best friend who is apparently your sister's girlfriend."

It felt kind of weird hearing that question from someone I had met only 5 minutes earlier, but seeing as she was Donza's sister and she had sex with her I answered. I told her the short version until I arrived at the point where I mentioned that we were like on big family and pretty much had sex with everyone.

Surprisingly, she approved of everything. "It's special isn't it, having sex with a family member."

I nodded in agreement and then placed my hand on Donza's thigh who sat down next to me a few minutes earlier, while I was busy with my explanation. "But nothing beats being close to the one you love."

"You two look very happy together," Miina smiled.

"How about you?" Donza asked, "Didn't you have a girlfriend?"

"Not anymore."

"Oh, I'm sorry. What happened?"

Miina shrugged. "It just didn't work out anymore and we both knew it so we separated in peace."

"Well," Donza said, "don't worry. Someone perfect for you will come along."

"Thanks sis."

We talked about earth, she wanted to know what it was like there. We ate and watched TV until mom, Tiffany and Lucy came back. It was their time to get to know Miina a bit. Miina was a bit tired from the journey here and went to bed early in another free guest room.

"You have a nice sister Donza," my mom said after Miina went to bed.

"Thanks. I'm glad you all like her because she'll probably be staying here until she finds a job and a place of her own. And that could take a while."

We watched TV for a while before my mom also went to bed. Not long after, my sister and Lucy also went upstairs, claiming they were tired and wanted to rest, but I knew better. They had been groping each other all evening. They would not get a lot of sleep. I chuckled at the thought. And some time later, Donza and I also made our way upstairs. Once in our room, we stripped naked. We always slept naked, it didn't matter who laid next to you. I was just about to get into bed when I felt a pair of hands on my body and suddenly I was in the air. Donza threw me on the bed and jumped on top of me. I was startled at the sudden turn of events.

"So, you think I'm an animal," she grinned, "an animal that can't stop."

My bewildered expression immediately changed into a sly grin. Every once and a while the sex was raw and we would fuck our brains out... and I loved it. "I'm sorry honey, but I can't lie. That would make me a bad girl."

She bit my lower lip and then proceeded by licking my cheek all the way to my earlobe. "But you are a bad girl aren't you? A bad, little girl."

My cock was already throbbing. Her dirty talk always got me instantly hard and I couldn't wait for her to fill me up. "Yes I am, I'm your bad, little girl."

"Does my bad girl need me to teach her some manners?"

Precum was already oozing out of my dick. "It's the only way your bad, little girl will learn."

She kissed me and shoved her tongue deep down my throat. Our tongues entwined and explored every inch of the crevice. They were battling each other hard an fast, a preview of how she would shove herself inside me. Our hands were all over each other's body, fingernails digging in the other's skin, soft and loud moans escaping our lips. We rolled around in the bed as she switched from kissing, to biting my lower lip and licking my neck. She grabbed my breasts and nipples and squeezed them hard. A louder moan escaped my body as sensations and feelings of her roughness shot through me.

She closed her lips around my nipple and began licking it, nibbling it, tugging it. I moaned her name as she pleased my erect nipples. She grabbed my already throbbing cock and began stroking it as she kept lapping at my little pink nipples. After a few minutes she left my breasts and moved further down. Without any teasing or warning she deep throated my pulsing member immediately. My body shook as her head kept bobbing up and down my shaft, her tongue constantly swirling around the head. I put one hand on her head, helping her as her nose pressed against my pubic area over and over again, and moved my other hand towards my breasts, pinching my nipple again. I felt a familiar feeling beginning to boil deep inside me.
