 Dear Readers!

This story is written in the first and second person's perspective. Irox is the first person and Gam is the second. This chapter is more about Irox and her childhood. She is cold to the evil persons while she is warm to the good persons, just like Gam. I'll warn the sensitive persons for some torture scenes. The next chapter will be in the third person perspective. I can't force you to read but each story is different so you should give it a chance. 

Edited by sexnovella

*****

You look at me when I wake up.

"Good morning, my sleepy lady." you say.

"Good morning, my lovely lady." I say.

I was a spy for The Empire and everybody thinks that Ivars is dead. Why did I work with them? My father was a spy and it was my dream to be like him. I was a parentless boy in my childhood. I dated all kinds of girlfriends but I never lost my virginity to any of them. They only laughed at me and I couldn't understand why.

"I'll help you with your hair, my love." you say.

Why do you want to mess with my beautiful hair? I don't want to change anything.

"I really like my hair the way it is." I say.

"Yes, you're a conservative person but I decide over my woman." you say.

I was Jake Ivars before I became a woman named Jaqueline Irox. I don't want to explain what happened to me. The story is too painful to tell but you wanted me to be your girl. It's your fault that I turned into a woman.

Your name is Ling Gam and you're my girlfriend. You're a famous Jedi master. You look very young and beautiful like a teenage beauty queen. I know that you are an adult with a fully developed body and I was your boyfriend when I fell in love with you.

You knew that I was a spy and worked with espionage. I didn't know anything about your sexual orientation but I heard the rumor. It's tougher to be a woman than to be a man. I'm learning to act and talk like a woman. I'm mature but I look young like a teenager.

"You can decide." I say.

"Let's go!" you say.

"I need to go to toilet but I used to stand up when I took care of my needs."

"You must always sit down on the toilet and never ever stand up."

"You're right."

"Leave the door open."

I walk to the bathroom and sit down on the toilet. You sit on the bed and smile at me. I ask you why the door must be open.

"Because you are too sexy for me." you say.

"Thank you very much my sexy lady." I say.

The droid drives by me and tries to ask me something.

"I can't understand what it says." I say.

"The R8-X4 asked if all is okay with you." you say.

"Is that the droid's ID number? R8-X4, I'm very well thank you."

"It's programmed to be polite and social."

The R8-X4 went away and it makes me sad that I can't understand what it says. We get naked in front of each other and change to other clothes. I choose the same old dress that I usually wear. We got dressed and walk hand-in-hand to the hair salon Younaq.

"Welcome, Master Ling Gam!" the young human stylist says and bows.

"Thank you, my friend Aquw." you say and bow.

"Is she your pawadan?"

"It's my girlfriend."

The chock makes Aquw speechless. You ask him if he is okay. I can understand his reaction. 

"I didn't know that you were a lesbian. What a big surprise." Aquw says.

Is he in love with Gam and me? The depressed look on his face tells us that he might want to suicide.

"Are you bisexuals?" he asks.

"No!" we say at the same time.

"I understand. What can I do for you?"

Aquw is calm when you ask him to cut some of my hair while I'm silent.

"I'm sorry that you must stand and wait my darling." you say.

"I'll always wait for you." I say.

"Are you ready?" Aquw asks.

My new hairstyle is conservative and fast to make. I love that Gam listened to me and told him to be gentle with the scissors. Aquw says that he has cut my hair for free. We bow and thank him before we go.

"We should go to the dance party." you say.

"Why? I can't dance." I say and get scared.

"Girls like to dance and I can teach you."

"Okay."

I hate to dance but I've to do it because I'm a female. You take my hand and lead me to the dance party. It's very crowded and I don't want to stay but I can't say no when you ask me if I want to dance with you.

"I don't want to move like an old lady." I say.

"But come on!" you say like a teenager.

"Yes, my girlfriend."

You tell me that you need to go to the toilet and I go to the bar. The flirting guys gather around me and ask questions.

"Are you new here?" one of the guys says.

"Yes but I'm not interested in you." I say with a cold shyness.

"Why?"

"I'm not your one night stand and I dislike group sex."

The guys laugh when you go behind them. You ask me what has happened.

"The annoying guys can't leave me alone." I say.

"I've an idea." you say.

You bow and whisper in my ear that we should give the guys a show. I smile and nod to her. We hug each other while you begin to kiss me. The guys stare at us with open mouths.

"Lesbians!?" they say.

We French kiss and ignore everything else. They shake their heads and walk away. The guys wonder why the most handsome women are lesbians. We stop hugging and kissing

"That was fun. Thank you my hero. You saved me." I say and laugh.

"You're welcome. That's why you need my protection. Let's dance." you say.

"Be polite, my love."

"Miss Irox, please let me dance with you."

"That sounds fabulous. Yes, please."

We walk to the dance floor and you instruct me how to dance. Your whisper that you want me to take off my panties in public. I shake my head. Your hands grab my butt and you smile.

"What are you doing?" I wonder.

"I want to feel you." you say.

"You're a very naughty girl."

We continue to dance. Your hand goes under my dress and you pull my string panties apart. Nobody noticed what you did and I wonder if you're more perverted than serious. Four New Republic Security Force agents and the three Jedi knights scream at everybody. My panties are hidden in your clothes. You ask me to follow you. We greet the guards and your colleagues.

"You can't scream at a Jedi master." you say.

The Jedi knights and you bow to each other.

"I'm sorry master Ling Gam that we ruined your dance party." one of them says.

"Are you the famous Jedi master?" the male agent says.

"Yes I am!"

"What are you searching for?" you ask.

"One Sith is hiding close to the emergency exit madam." the female agent says.

"Why is the Sith here?"

"That's classified information Madam."

You and your kind run after the Sith when it escapes through the door. I talk to the agents.

"How do you know the young Jedi master?" the male agent asks.

"I'm her girlfriend." I say.

"What?!" everyone says.

"The men tried to flirt with her but she rejected them."

They believe me when I tell a part of the truth about you. The male agents ask about lesbian sex but the female agents slaps them. I shake my head to the female agents that made them be quiet and explain to the men that we love each other. The guys look unhappy. After a short while you come back with your team. You go to me and we kiss.

"Did you get the Sith?" one of the other agents wonders.

One of the Jedi knights points at the shocked and arrested Sith lady in the force field cage outside until we stop kissing.

"Your apparel is different from the regular Jedi. What kind of Jedi are you? A Grey Jedi?" the Sith lady asks.

"Yes, my apparel is different because I'm a Xeo Jedi." you say.

"Oh no!"

"Yes!"

"What's so special with that?" I ask.

"The Xeo is more powerful than the Empire, the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic." one of the Jedi knights explains to me.

It's new for me to be your girlfriend but I remember my vision this morning. I met my mother and she smiled. She asked me to come closer and I did.

"Your father was a liar and criminal." my mother said.

"Are you sure?" I wondered.

"Yes but it's a long story."

My mother was a rich and noble woman from the central planet Coruscant. She met my father on a cafe. They were a couple and she got pregnant. The New Republic Security warned her about my father. He was a spy from the Imperial Service. When I was a baby my father kidnapped me from my mother. He teached me how to be a deathly spy on the forest planet Endor. I was an adult when the Security force killed him. I promised myself to become a spy for the Imperial Service while my mother missed me every day.

"You're working together with a Xeoic Service agent." my mother said.

"Why did all this happen to me? Am I the special one for you, the New Republic, the Empire or my father? What's the Xeoic Service?" I wondered.

"Everything happens for a reason and you create your own destiny. You belong to your girlfriend and have the gift. You're more than human, just like Ling Gam. The Xeoic Service and New Republic Security are the same but the Xeo is more powerful."

"Do I've the Force?"

"No but you're a skilled agent and the Jedi master's partner. Go to Villainduk next week. Jaqueline Irox, I'm proud of you and I love you forever."

You whisper in the Jedi knight's ear and he whispers back.

"I understand. You can question her." you say.

"Do you need me?" I wonder.

"I sense that you can do it."

"Why is this Sith lady so important?"

You whisper in my ear about a fusion bomb hidden near a Tianca temple. There are three hundred forty Tianca temples. Nobody knows where it is or when it detonates except for the Sith lady.

"I can play with her." I say.

In the next moment the Sith lady has her arms and legs tied to the bed inside the New Republic Security Force station's interrogation room. She is nude and can't use the Force. I enter the room like a glamourous model. 

"What's your Sith name." I ask.

"My name is Lady Quez and your systems doesn't work on me." she says.

"Your childhood must have been very hard and rough."

"What?!"

"You're evil and your weakness is fear."

"I'm not afraid of you or anyone else."

I go to Lady Quez. The beautiful body is huge with a green skin. The big breasts are nice but the areolas and nipples are toxic to humans so I can't suck or lick them. My calm hands touch the smooth inner thighs and I can see the fear in her eyes.

"Please, don't treat me this way." the frightened Sith lady begs.

"I thought that Sith ladies weren't afraid of lesbians." I say.

"What do you want to do with me?"

"It's secret but you can guess."

"A New Republic agent can't force me to say where the bomb is."

"Lady Quez, I don't care about you. I'm not a New Republic agent and your bomb is boring. My interest is to mess you up for my own pleasure."

I'm surprised over my cold and sadistic side but I enjoy to make my victim suffer. The homophobic lady begs me to stop. I ignore her when my hands touch her clitoris and breasts. She tries to be silent when her vagina gets wet. I lick my lip with the tongue when her body starts to shake.

"I'll rape you." I say.

"No, don't do it. I'm a virgin!" Lady Quez cries.

"It doesn't matter to me."

My hand moves down from the breast to the vagina. She screams with horror and pain in the soundproofed room when I penetrate her tight moist vagina with two fingers. I masturbate her faster and faster until she bleeds. Lady Quez almost passed out but she managed to say that the bomb is located under the main airport and the timer is set on one hour.

"Did you hear what she said?" I ask.

"You did a good job and we heard her. Well done my girl!" you say.

I turn to Lady Quez and smile.

"I don't want to." Lady Quez moans.

"Did you say something?" I ask.

The Sith Lady doesn't want to lose control over her trembling body. I masturbate the vagina with violence and my fist gets squeezed when it goes deep inside her.

"I can't take it any longer." Lady Quez moans.

The Sith Lady moans before the strong orgasm made her faint. I take out my hand from her worn out vagina and taste the fluids on my fingers

"Good girl!" I say.

After almost one quarter of an hour the New Republic Security Force bomb expert finds the bomb under the main airport and the Tianca temple is saved. The New Republic Security Force and your team are surprised over the fake bomb but we must continue our mission.

"Good luck!" the agent says.

"May the Force be with you always." one of the Jedi knights says.

The New Republic Security Force agents and the Jedi knights leave us to search for the real bomb. I recognized the expert. It's Jom from the Imperial Intelligence. She is one of the top agents. You read my mind and look at me with a big smile. We run after the woman.

"Miss Jom?" you ask.

The spy stays and turns around. She looks sweet and we want to ask Jom some questions before we treat her like a dessert.

"Yes?" Jom says.

"We want to talk with you in private." I say.

We smile at each other and enter our room that has no furnitures. You think about sex when we sit on the bed and talk. I question the spy about the fusion bomb. Jom seems to be stressed and nervous when she answers the questions.

"Why do you need to question me?" Jom says.

"We know that you're a spy from the Imperial Intelligence." you say.

"Your name is Jom Asxis and you made a mistake." I add.

"How can you know everything?" Jom stutters.

A spy, a criminal or a terrorist works fast but an expert works slow because ithe bomb is unknown to them. Jom can't escape from us. She wonders what we are going to do with her.

We force her to lay down on the bed and she screams no when the dress gets torn apart. Jom's sexy chocolate brown body feels warm. She looks young with green breasts and a red vagina.

"You're a Jedi." Jom says.

"Yes, I'm a Xeoic Jedi." you say.

"A Xeoic Jedi?!"

"Yes, I am!"

I sit on top of Jom when she tries to get up. I ask Jom to watch when we get naked in front of her.

"Are you lesbians?" Jom asks.

We undress and French kiss each other. She says that a New Republic agent can't do something like this and I nod. She begs us to leave the body untouched but we can't hear her. She wishes to wake up from this nightmare but that's impossible and we smile.

"Oh, no! Please help me!" Jom screams.

"Nobody can help you." I say.

You lay down next to Jom. We pull her nipples and squeeze her breasts when she tries to fight us. Jom gets quiet and passive when she realizes her helplessness. I like to abuse helpless women. We know that we can't torture the woman but she has to say where the bomb is. You begin to masturbate the wet and warm vagina with one finger. The woman screams that the bomb is under the official residence and it will blow up in a few minutes. She wants to assassinate her cheating lover.

"You become hated if you hate someone." you say to Jom.

"Oh! I'm coming!" Jom moans.

"Good for you."

You add two fingers and masturbate Jom faster until she comes. Her vagina changes to blue and she falls asleep. We lick your finger and get dressed. You call the New Republic Security Force to send you female agents. 

We wait for the secret agents. We tell them about the spy and her bomb. Jom opens the eyes when they arrest her. We run to the official residence but you're worried. 

"What can we do?" you ask.

"Why do you ask me?" I ask.

"I don't know how to solve this problem."

A large crowd celebrates the 100-year-day memory of the battle of Endor. I wonder if we are going to die. I remember where a spy would like to place a bomb. I take your hand and we run to the wheelchair parking. You ask me what's wrong and I share my knowledge with you. The guards stop us and we warn them about the bomb.

"I'm a Jedi." you say.

"We don't believe you." one of the guards says.

You light your lightsaber and the guards open their mouths like it was magic.

"Madam, we're sorry that we didn't believe you but the bomb was defused?" one of the other guards says.

"No, it was a fake bomb but the real one is in the wheelchair parking!" you say.

"We must hurry before it's too late."

We follow the guards to the wheelchair parking. There are seventeen persons with different disabilities from every galaxy. The guards wants to move the wheelchairs but you shake your head. You go to the people with disabilities and greet them. They say yes when you ask them if they want to see some magic. You lift the wheelchairs with the Force while I search and find the real fusion bomb that has only 1 minute left.

"I've an idea but I don't know if it works. Farmsen!" you say as if you were talking with a ghost.

"Yes, my mistress?" the strange A.I. asks with its female voice.

"Stop this bomb now!"

"Yes, it's done."

The bomb stops 2 seconds before it would destroy everything and kill everybody.

"Thank you, Farmsen! You can go home now." you say to the A.I.

I test to call the A.I. but it's gone. You use the Force to put the wheelchairs down and ask the people with disabilities if it was fun. They say yes and are happy. You ask them to keep this secret. They close their mouths with the hands. I wonder where the A.I. came from.

I ask questions while we walk.

"I want to know more about your A.I." I say.

"Do you want me to call her?" you ask.

"No, Ling but I wonder if I can call her."

"No, because I'm her owner and she is programmed to obey me."

"What is she?"

You explain everything to me. The A.I. is more intelligent than the droids. It can reprogram almost anything. You're a mean Jedi that doesn't let me have my own A.I. My feet and legs hurts when we go to our room after the walk. I'm such a fragile woman and you notice my pain.

"I can heal your legs and feet." you say.

"No but thank you for asking. I've to get used to this." I say.

"Welcome to my hard and painful world."

"Are we partnes?"

"Only if we can do everything together."

"I would love to date a guy but I'm a lesbian."

You sit on the bed like a mighty queen.

"Please strip for me." you say.

"I can't strip without music." I say.

"Dance the way I teached you."

I move my hips and open the buttons on my dress. I'm naked when it falls down and you smile at me. You're too kind when you ask me to remove your apparel and panties. 

"Lay down on your stomach." I say with an evil grin.

"Remember that I'm a powerful Jedi." you say.

"Yes but please do this favor for me."

I slap your butt until it gets red. You seem to like kinky stuff because your vagina is wet. I order you to show me your beautiful body. I kneel between your legs. We kiss and you touch my breasts while I masturbate your vagina with two fingers. Your body stops moving when the orgasm makes you scream.

"You're amazing." I say.

"Thank you. You're the best." you say.

"My dear Gam, I met my mom in a vision today." I say.

I talk with you about my parents, my childhood and the Xeo. You think for a short while and smile.

"Did you listen to me?" I ask.

"Yes my sweet Irox but you need to train more to become a lady." you say.

How much training do I need? Why can't I be a bad girl?