 Dear Readers!

Poor Sven Lu never choose to be a girl but she shakes her female butt like a girl. Lu is more afraid and quiet than Irox. It's up to her to become a mature and social woman. There is a secret member inside the Jedi starship that you'll discover. You can read this story if you don't like my previous chapters.

Edited by sexnovella

*****

I run after my deaf childhood friend Jo and she runs away from me. Jo signs that she don't want to have a bad boy and that she wishes to have a good girl. My childhood friend disappears.

"Jo!" I scream like a girl.

I wake up and two beautiful women look at me but where am I?

"Welcome to my Jedi starship." the first woman says and smiles.

"I'm sorry, Sven. My lover, I told you to not read her mind." the second woman says.

The first woman seems to be a mind reader and I'm inside a Jedi starship The two beautiful women giggle like two teenage girls while they undress and get naked.

"You're a woman and it's not a dream." the first woman says.

"You're our maid and we're in space. Can decide if you want to leave or stay with us." the second woman adds.

"What?!" I scream like a girl.

I can't be a girl?

"Yes, you're a girl." the first woman says.

My hands feel that my breasts has grown.

"Stay calm Sven. We aren't kidnappers." the second woman says.

The women lick and suck on my nipples until the first woman moves down to my sex.

"Oh, what are you doing?" I moan.

"There are no male things here." the second woman says.

The first woman licks and sucks my stomach and belly button while the second French kisses me. I hope that they will give me oral sex.

"I'm sorry but you're a girl with a vagina." she whispers in my ear.

My penis is gone and the first woman sucks and licks on my clitoris for the first time.

"What has happend to me?" I moan.

"Your female name is Seona Lixuw and we're your teachers." the second woman whispers.

The first woman masturbates me harder and faster until I come. My body shakes and my vagina is wet when I pass out. In my vision I run after Jo and she walks with my archrival. It's his fault that Jo hates me but loves him. I feel alone and afraid when Jo isn't close to me.

I wake up and I need to ask the women several questions.

"Who are you?" I wonder.

"My name is Ling Gam." the first woman says.

"You're the young and powerful famous Jedi master."

"Yes, I am."

"My name is Jaqueline Irox and I'm Ling's girlfriend. I was a man before but I like to be a woman." the shy second woman says. 

Jaqueline wants to say more but can't.

"Okay but why am I here?" I wonder.

"Your responsibility is to be our chambermaid but we must teach you everything about girly things." Ling says.

"No."

"You're a girl and I know how it feels but I promise you that it's fun." Jaqueline says.

I nod. The partners whisper something and giggle like two teenage girls. 

"Let's shop on the fashion planet Leria Kerlsil." Ling says.

"Who flies?" I wonder.

"I'm the captain."

"Aye, aye, captain."

I wonder if I should call Ling madam or captain.

"The title madam is old and the title captain is universal but you can call me mistress." Ling explains.

"Aye, aye, mistress." I say.

The teachers teach me about how girls walking and their clothes. Jaqueline tells me to always sit down on toilet. I loan Jaqueline's dress but it feels wrong to wear it.

"Farmsen!" Ling says as if she talks with a ghost.

"Yes, my mistress?" the female A.I .says.

"Scan our maid."

The A.I. scans me and disappears. It seems to be kind but I don't ask anything about it. The women run like two crazy teenagers to the navigation bridge and I try to follow them. Ling is a powerful woman and Jaqueline is a shy lady. I can see that they're kissing each other.

I didn't know that Ling and Jaqueline are a couple. What a surprise and unexpected love! I've heard that Ling is a lesbian and I actually believed the rumor. I'm the chambermaid but which are my responsibilities?

"Hey, mistress Ling!" I say to Ling.

"What?" she says like a teenager.

"Which are my responsibilities mistress?"

"Your bracelet will sound like a bell if any important holographic conversation from the New Republic or the Jedi is sent to us. We'll come immediately if you call on us."

"What does your A.I. do, mistress?"

"It just calls me if I got any important holographic mails. You're our chambermaid and must call us mistress. Do you understand?"

"Aye, aye, mistress."

"Good! You can decide if you want to go or stay with us. Do you've any wishes?"

I wished to have a intimate ring for my female body.

"I want a nipple piercing mistress." I say.

"I'll fix it." Ling says.

"Aye, aye, mistress."

We're on Leria Kerlsil after short time. Ling books a tattoo droid and calls on the A.I. 

"Yes, my mistress?" the A.I. asks.

"Don't watch our member." Ling says.

"Yes, my mistress."

"Seona, wait for the tattoo droid. Be sweet and clean the whole ship afterward."

"Thank you mistress!" I say.

The lovers walk with the droid to the shopping while I wait until the tattoo droid comes.

"Can I be naked?" I wonder.

"No problem." the tattoo droid says.

It makes us invisible and I feel safe. The droid pierces me fast and I'm happy when it drives from me.

In the next moment I was finished with the cleaning of the whole ship for the first time. I lay down on the berth to rest. I wished that I could be with Jo and love her but she hates me.

I go to the mirror and I can only see Seona Lixuw. I hate my life. I have to meet Jo but she hates strangers and girls.

My decision is to stay with Ling and Jaqueline. After a long while they enter the starship. I go to them and hope that my cleaning is approved. They're happy with my cleaning. Ling begins to smile while Jaqueline giggles.

"What's your decision?" Ling says.

"I'll stay with you mistress!" I say.

Ling goes to me and puts a collar around my neck.

"The collar forces you to tell the truth to your mistresses and I just can read your mind." Ling says.

"Why did you decide to stay with your mistresses?" Jaqueline wonders.

"You can stay here and do anything you want because nobody owns your freedom." Ling says.

I tell them about my friend and her idiotical boyfriend.

"I'm your maid and I've no family mistress." I say.

"To hate anyone is a vicious circle that must be broken." Ling says.

Ling is right.

"Do you love somebody?" Jaqueline wonders.

"I love my childhood friend but I'm afraid of her, mistress." I say.

"We must meet her. Where does she live?"

"She lives in Thowanwo but she hates strangers, mistress."

"Another forest planet? We can travel there." Ling says.

I shake my head because I'm scared.

"You've new clothes. We want you to wear the clothes from the red pack. Come to our deck later without any underwear." Ling says with a big smile.

I'm worried when Ling removes the collar. I get the two shopping bags from her. I enter my deck and I wonder why Ling always smiles. The white shopping bag contains common clothes and underclothes but the red contains a red miniskirt and a pink non-bottom blazer. Is the Jedi master mad? I change clothes but left the underwear. 

I walk to the captain's deck. The door opens automatic and I'm nervous when I enter the deck.

"You're sweet." Jaqueline says.

"Thank you mistress Jaqueline." I say.

"Come to your mistress and lay down on the berth."

I move to the berth and lay down. Jaqueline wears a red miniskirt and a dark blue jacket. She smiles at me. I look around the deck but Ling isn't here.

"Where's Ling, mistress?" I wonder.

"She is in the navigation bridge because she is a responsible captain." Jaqueline says.

"I wonders why Ling chose these clothes mistress." 

"It's my idea to give you slutty clothes. Please forgive me Seona."

"I forgive mistress Jaqueline and I like them."

"Let me make you feel like a real woman. I'll be gentle. Can you open your legs?"

I open my legs for Jaqueline. 

"Good, are you ready?" Jaqueline asks.

"I was born to be ready, mistress." I say.

Jaqueline puts a finger into my vagina and I scream loud. She asks if she should continue. I nod and my eyes are serious. She adds two fingers and masturbates me. My body becomes warmer while I feel how my head spins. I didn't understand how good lesbian sex could be. She licks and sucks on my nipples and touches my piercing.

"Yes, yes. Mm, I'll come soon, mistress." I moan.

Jaqueline French kisses me. She masturbates me faster and harder until I come. It feels like my vagina is exploding and overheated.

"It feels so good, mistress." I say.

I'm was shocked but I loved it.

"Good! You can stay or go to your deck." Jaqueline says.

I stayed and slept. We're on Thowanwo after a short moment. The two Thowanwon welcoming committee members and we bow to each other. We walk to the big and galactic Woazai museum. Jo comes but I'm afraid to meet her and I hide behind Ling. The committee members leave us.

"Sorry but I was busy with the archaeology." Jo signs.

"No problem." Ling signs.

"Do you know the sign language?"

"My father was deaf and I'm an archaeologist. Can I help you?"

Johannes, Jo's idiotical boyfriend comes and I get angry but he seems nervous.

"Yes, I need your help. You are the famous Jedi master. My name is Jo." Jo signs.

Ling nods. Jaqueline whispers in her girlfriend's ear and I wonder why they look serious.

"What's your boyfriend's name?" Ling signs.

"Johannes." Jo signs.

"Come with us, Johannes. We need to talk in private."

Ling winks at me and Jo. The lovers and Johannes leave us when Jo turns to me.

"Do you know the sign language?" Jo signs.

"Yes, I do my mistress." I sign.

"Mistress? Why do you call me that?"

"I'm used to say it and I like girls."

"Wow! It feels like we've met before."

"No, I haven't met mistress Jo. Why do you wonder mistress?"

"Your sign language reminds me of my childhood friend. Did he teach you?"

"No, I've gone to school to lern the sign language, mistress." I sign.

It's true that I've gone to the school. I ask about the missing friend and their friendship while we walk to the café. Jo talks about Sven who was always kind and helped her. Jo hated that he lied to her and Sven had left her when she got mad.

It was an accident that he has turned into a girl but Jo accepted me.

"Does mistress Jo miss Sven?" I sign.

I see Jo's tears and she gets serious. I want to hug her but she hates strangers.

"Yes, I miss him. Why are you here?" Jo signs.

I wanted to meet my childhood friend but we change the conversation. Jo loved Sven more than a friend. Why didn't I notice her feelings? I was an idiot and I love Jo.

Ling goes to us and looks serious. Jo looks for her idiotical boyfriend but she can't find him.

"Where's my boyfriend?" Jo signs.

"I'm sorry but he is from the Imperial Xenoarchaeological Corp and got captured." Ling signs.

"Wait, is he from the Imperial?"

"He searched for the Woolox stone."

"The Woolox stone?"

"Yes and the stone is safe."

What's a Woolox stone? How did the two women know about Johannes? Where's Jaqueline? She comes with the agents from New Republic Security to us. Jo sees her captured boyfriend and slaps him several times.

"Why?" Jo wonders.

Johannes doesn't answer but he signs that he is sorry. The agents go away with him. Jo falls down on her knees on the floor and cries. Sven didn't know anything about Johannes and he couldn't warn but she wouldn't have believed him. What should Seona do? Jo points at me and wants me to come closer. 

"Why did he do this to me?" Jo signs.

"Johannes lied but the most men lies mistress Jo." I sign.

"I can't stay here."

"Where do you want to go mistress Jo?"

"I want to see all the planets but I've never been in space. Can I follow you?"

"Ask Ling, mistress."

Ling comes to us.

"Welcome to my Jedi archaeological starship." Ling signs.

"Thank you." Jo signs and smiles.

"What's your special interest of archaeology?"

"Chemical archaeology."

"That's why you study the Woolox stone."

Jaqueline joins us and asks what we talked about because she doesn't understand the sign language. The Woolox stone is a blue and red stone from the holy water. The legend tells that the stone seems to make evil people good.

Jo didn't believe the legend. She studied it for a month until she found that it was wrong. It can only make good people evil.

"The stone must be destroyed." Jo signs.

"I agree with you." Ling signs.

The stone is destroyed and after a short moment, Jo brings all her girly stuff. We enter the starship but the A.I. stops Jo and Ling orders the A.I. to scan her.

"Welcome to the Jedi starship, Jo Shocia." the A.I. signs.

The A.I. is gone. Jo asks about it and Ling answers that it's programmed to obey only her. She tells Jo that this her home and walks to the navigation bridge. She winks at Jo and me. We're quiet when the Jedi starship flies away from Thowanwo.

We wonder what we should do.

"You my name but what's your name?" Jo signs.

"Seona, mistress." I sign.

My bracelet rings and I go to the conference. I check if we got any important holographic conversation. Yes, it's one from the planet Coruscant and I call my mistresses. We discuss about the Sith, the spies and other things. I sign to Jo what the others say. The holographic conversation explains that there are only two temples left. 

Jo and me can't understand this. We move to Jo's new deck and I ask:

"Should I leave you in peace, mistress?" 

She stops me and shakes her head. Her eyes look serious. She needs the female company because of her lying ex-guy and I'm a girl. My body is trembling.

"I think that mistress Jo needs to sleep." I sign.

"Please, stay with me." Jo says.

"Only if mistress Jo needs my company."

We enter Jo's deck. She sits on the berth but she signs that she wishes that her childhood friend was here. I understand why she misses me.

"I think that Sven loves mistress Jo." I sign.

"Do you know him?" Jo signs.

"No but I can sense that Sven loved mistress Jo."

"It's true and thank you for beeing kind to me. Please, move to my deck. We can share everything like girls. I'll talk with your owners."

"Ling and Jaqueline aren't my owners. I'm free and I do my duties, mistress."

Jo becomes happy.

"Can you open my jacket?" she signs and I nod.

I open it and see a pink and blue top. I get jealous of her clothes and body. Jo catches me when I stare at her breasts. A bell rings and the door opens. It's Ling and the droid that serves us dinner from a small wagon with wheels

"Thank you. What's the droid's ID number?" Jo signs.

"I don't know the number, mistress." I sign.

The droid drives away. We thought that we had insulted it but Ling smiles.

"Don't worry, it's programmed to be polite, social and cook food. Its ID number is R8-X4." Ling signs.

"Thank you! Say hi to the R8-X4." Jo says.

"I'll do that. Here are your clothes, Seona. Enjoy your meal!"

Ling winks at me and walks away. This was like a planned date. I turn to Jo and wonder what I can do with my childhood friend Jo.

"Can we eat?" Jo signs.

We eat and laugh like happy women. The food tastes good. We wonder what else the R8-X4 can cook. I eat fast as a man and Jo eats slow. We're satisfied and rest on the berth. Jo stares at me and I ask what's wrong.

"I'm sorry but you eat fast like a man and you looked at my chest." Jo signs.

"I eat like a man because I'm always hungry and I love girls, mistress." I sign.

"I know how you feel." Jo signs.

Jo begins to hug me and kiss my lips but I wonder why she kisses a female. She smells good and our bodies become warm. Jo breaks the kiss.

"Sorry, I should have told you that I'm bi-sexual." she says.

Jo gets naked when she takes off all of her clothes and asks me to undress. Her body is muscular, the breasts are small like Ling's and the vagina is shaved. We've two nude, hot and sexy bodies.

"I see that you've a beautiful nipple piercing." Jo signs.

"Thank you mistress Jo." I sign.

"You're welcome." Jo signs.

"What do you want, mistress?"

Jo tells me that she loves lesbian sex and I know how to give it to her thanks to Ling and Jaqueline.

"Let me try, mistress." I sign.

I ask Jo to lay down while we French kiss and caress our breasts. I insert a finger into Jo's vagina with a finget and masturbate her. I add two fingers while I suck on her erect nipple. The vagina is getting wetter, hornier and warmer. I masturbate Jo harder and faster until she comes. Her body shakes and her vagnia squirts like a volcano explodes.

"I love you, Seona!" Jo screams loud.

She loves my female version more than the two male liars.

"I love mistress Jo." I sign to my new girlfriend.

"Sleep with me." Jo signs.