 He awoke early. The day hasn't even started to break, as a Warrior he was used to being up and about as the rest of the villa still slept, with the exception of the night guards.

Though his room was still dark from the shroud of night, he lights a candle to pierce the darkness. Mounted on the wall was a short sword, a gladius. Light weight, yet still sharp. But, the blade had been broken halfway. On it were unique inscriptions.

Then looking back at his bed, a young girl slept. She wore fine expensive silks to bed and slept comfortably. Yet, around her neck she wore a metal collar. The man looks at her as he dresses himself. His mind travels back to a distant memory of his first meeting with the girl many years before.

"Rex... just call me Rex." He introduces himself to a lady as he shares a bed with her. "Is it normal for you to lay with a man even before catching his name?"

The lady laughed hard at his comment. "Before catching your name you say? I already knew who you were. Quintas Rex, the gladiator champion. In the arena your rule was that of a king, but in bed...rumors say you were more like a God..." She spoke as she was covered in sweat.

"Is that so?" Rex responded.

She gave him a naughty smirk. "Perhaps."

"What do you think of the rumors?" Rex asked as he smiled in satisfaction.

"What I think?" She responds "Well, I think a God wouldn't spend his time in a place like this. We are all far from the good graces of the Light."

Rex laughs, then drinking down wine straight from the bottle. He passes the bottle to her. "Keep the rest. You've served your purpose for the night."

Before she has the chance to have a drink, she watches him dress. Enjoying the sight of the man who ravaged her only moments prior. Then, among his clothing and the weapons he armed himself with she noticed a sword with a broken blade.

"Is it common for a gladiator champion to arm himself with...broken toys?" She asked playfully, yet with a hint of sarcasm.

Rex with his pants and boots on, his tunic draped over his shoulder as he stood bare, his body glistening from both his sweat as well as hers. He adjusted his belt. "This sword, I carry not as a weapon. But it is my rudius, a symbol of my freedom won"

She remains naked, laying sitting upright while leaning back with her hands laying flat on the soft rugs and pelts used as comforters where they engaged in their primal passions. Her legs were forward, one knee bent as the other straight. She bites her lower lip for a bit. "So you won your freedom. Does that mean the great Rex of the arena was a slave? Did you wear a collar and crawl on your knees?"

Rex scoffed at her. "Gladiators may have been slaves, but we are far from submissive. Our service was to kill those that faced us in the sands of the arena." Before he left her presence, he turned his head back towards her.

His dark brownish red hair was long and unkept, his face unshaven and scruffed, yet he gave her a devious grin. "And our reward for killing, were wenches like yourself. Who's purpose was to serve our pleasure while the adrenaline of the kill still burned inside, the blood of our enemies on our hands. We lived and killed for glory just to be rewarded a sweet fuck from a wench like you."

He walked up the stairs that led into the back kitchen. Toddrick the butcher stares down Rex ensuring he doesn't go anywhere near the food being prepared. Rex pays no mind as he transits from the kitchen into the common area, first the bar and dining tables.

It was a small town named Goldshire, just outside of the human kingdom of Stormwind. Within Goldshire, a notorious establishment known for the debauchery that takes place within, The Lion's Pride Inn.

Rex looks around, the patrons partaking in lewd acts within the common areas. Various races of his world, Azeroth. Some were human, some elves, others were even among the more interesting races like that of the Worgen, a werewolf like race. When transformed into the beast like state, the average Worgen male towered most human males by twice their size. Rex observed one Worgen male leading two females, one human and the other a high elf by leash and collar upstairs.

On the social floor, there was a one of the dark arts of demon magic. A female Warlock, she too had a pet, but an enslaved Felguard Demon. Yet her touch was very intimate with the monster.

Looking across from the bar to the front door, Rex glances to the right near the fire place. Many tall women stood, yet they each had a bulge between their thighs. The infamous corner dubbed the "Futa Corner" as many referred to that section of the inn. Though, they were not of Rex's desires, but he was still astounded with how freely everyone engaged in their desires at such a place.

He began to make his way towards the social area, when something caught his attention. A young girl peeking into the inn. As soon as Rex's eyes met hers, her head popped back outside. Then from around the corner, she peeked in again only to meet Rex eye to eye...