 She sleeps softly, soundly, not a care in the world. She rests feeling safe within the quarters of her Master, yet such was not always the case. The sun still far from rising, the stars continue to twinkle over the villa. Rex quietly dons his clothing for the day, still watching her sleep, hearing her breathe softly. He recollects the memories of his harsh training as well as his ownership over her in the beginning.

The first time they met, she kept peeking into the Inn, her trepidation caught his attention. She looked away when he caught her glancing inside, her heart racing. She heard so many rumors of such a place, but "could the stories be real?" she thought her self.

She took a deep, then popped her head back in. To her surprise, the man that caught her peeking was standing before her. She shook in nervousness, backing away from him.

"Um...um... uh..." She tried to speak, but her trepidation got the best of her. She saw this man, unlike the Stormwind guards, he lacked a sense of nobility or duty beyond him. Though he had grit, his demeanor gave a mysterious presence about his character. Yet, she could not resist to know a bit more about this stranger.

Rex observed her, the bashful posture as she stood with her back against the wall. The way she fidgeted with her hands. How she didn't dare look up to meet his eyes. The rosy red blush of her skin, the quivering lips. He enjoyed seeing her as she was. Since his time as a gladiator, his only experience with enjoying the female body were those of collared slaves who's duty was to keep the morale of gladiators high as well as tavern wenches since his won freedom.

He took a step closer, his tunic still draped over his shoulder. Upper body naked, exposing his muscular figure. Various scar tissue telling a thousand stories all over his body, beads of sweat gliding down his chest and arms.

Yet, her clothing spoke a hundred words. She wore a white robe with inscriptions of the light. She was a priest, yet her youthful look would indicate that she's still a priest in training.

"What's the matter, can't speak?" Rex asked with a deep voice.

She looked up at him, saw his eyes looking down at her like an apex predator stalking its prey. Her face darted away. She blushed even more, yet a part of her wanted to run away. Another part of her was curious.

"Um... yes, sir. I can speak." She finally was able to muster up the courage to force out.

He grinned, perhaps a half smile. "What brings a priest to a light-forsaken place like this?" He asked.

Her eyes shut, she began to breathe heavy. "I... I.. I came here to spread the teachings of the light to all these lost souls!" Her heavy breathing increased.

For a moment there was silence. She tried to compose herself and calm her breathing. As she did, her calm was interrupted.

"Bullshit!" He responded. She looked up trying to speak. Her lips moved, yet no words escaped. Rex continued. "I know when someone is lying, with that I can tell you're not being honest."

She was stunned that he caught her in a lie. Her head dropped again, looking down at the floor. Until she heard his words again which caught her by surprise.

"A priest that lies. That can't be good. Let's try again... Why are you here in a place like this?" Rex asked assertively.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I was curious. The girls in the abbey always talked about this place. I'm the oldest among my peers, since I am now of age, they dared me to sneak out from the abbey and peek into here." She looked up at him, her hazel eyes were big and nervous.

He began to look at her as though she were more interesting, possibly more alluring. "What is your name, priest?" He asked.

Again, full of nervousness she spat out "Toye!" Rex looked confused by her name. "It's a nickname. My full name is Tollie Yentz, so my friends call me Toye for short."

Rex's grin grew even bigger. "Well, Toye. If you and your friends are so curious, why just peek inside when you can see everything if you step in all the way." He held out his hand to her.

Her heart began to race. Each second felt like an eternity as she saw him raise his hand to her. Suddenly all the sound had drowned out. Her vision became hazy, she could barely make the details of his face. Just a shadowy man who's hand reached out to her. Shallow breathing, her chest felt like it was going to burst because her heart has beating harder than the Orc'ish drums of war.

She almost felt as though she was about to faint, when suddenly reality had hit her point blank in the face. "Well then, Toye, it's time to learn the true nature of our primal instincts."

Her arm was stretched forward, her hand in his! She never recalled ever giving him her hand, but yet, there it was. He pulled her forward, she began to step into the inn where innocence has been lost to many...