 He pulled her deeper into the inn, though she did not resist she still felt hesitant. Her head was down, afraid to look up. Not sure if she wanted to see the lewd acts that took place, or if she was afraid she might enjoy what she saw. She was training to be a Priest of the Light, a beacon of truth for lost souls. Yet, she found herself among the lost.

"Look up, or you'll miss everything." Rex commanded.

She obeyed, but as she looked, none of her wildest dreams could ever prepare her for what she saw. In one corner of the room, next to the fire place she saw a man on all fours, proving his body as bench as a tall slender lady used him as a bench.

The lady wore full black leather. She was very elegant in her appearance, caramel brown skin, silky black hair tied back in a bun. She held out a champagne glass that another man was pouring her drink. She looked as though she was not amused. She lacked expression on her face.

As Rex walked near her, they nodded their heads in acknowledgement at each other. It was obvious they knew each other, yet the young girl wondered if there may have been more history behind them.

Yet, the more they delved into the inn, the more frightening, yet fascinating. The female warlock sitting on her pet demon's lap. As a person devoted to the light, she never imagined such a sight, this woman moving her hips, her body rubbing against a demon, a foul being of corruption. Yet, she does so willingly.

They move past the bar, a loud and obnoxious man drinking brew. He had the attention of various tavern wenches. His clothing would indicate him to be a sailor. He begins pouring his brew over the breast of one wench, licking it off and slurping as it drips. Then his lips are soon met with another's lips. The sailor saw Rex, he held up his tankard of brew in a salute type fashion towards Rex, yet Rex nodded in acknowledgement.

Not too far from the bar, a young girl stands on top of the railing. Her clothing looked a bit ragged, it was obvious she was homeless. Her skin was sun-kissed, yet looked smooth to the touch. Petite, yet she was athletic. She hand blonde tied back into a pony tail. She was scanning the room until someone interrupted her.

Toye recognized the man, he was a guard stationed at the Northshire Abbey. Yet, he wasn't in his uniform. Toye tried to conceal her face out of embarrassment, yet she wanted to know what was going on.

"Are you even old enough to be here, little girl?" She heard the guard ask.

She was fiery, her response had a lot of attitude and spunk "I'm old enough!" She fired back at him.

He yanked her down from the railings. She fell to the ground. Still holding on her arm tightly, the guard started yelling at her. "Don't you dare get cheeky with me, little girl!" He yanked her back on her feet, leaning her forward over the railing, he yanks her pants down with his other hand.

Toye's heart races as she bears witness to the situation. Rex notices, he enjoys watching her observe. As the event unfolds, he whispers in her ear.

"Do you like what you see?" His lips just outside her ears. Each whisper, his breath tickles her skin. Then he does something unexpected. Her grabs her by her neck from behind, pulling her into him. His other hand on her waist, making them sway left to right while grinding into him. She can feel his desire up against her, yet her eyes are glued at the guard and the homeless girl. Rex whispers again in her ear. "Do you wish that was you?"

Meanwhile, the guard pulling her pants and undergarments down, exposing her ass bare. His hand gripping her ponytail forcing her head down into the railing. She tries to pull his arm off, but he's too strong. His other hand reaches for his belt, pulling it out from his pants. He begins lashing her across her ass as well as the backs of her thighs.

"You will learn manners, young lady!" He yells as he lashes her continuously with full force. She yelps and squeals in pain with each lash. "You will not disrespect me!"

Soon her ass and thighs are covered in welts. The loud slapping sound was enough to catch the attention of the barkeep. "Hey! Take that down in the basement! Or upstairs in the rooms!" He demands.

The guard now catching his breath, the homeless girl whispering. Her knees shaking, tears streaming down her face. He gives her a spank on her ass to indicate that it's time to go. "You heard him, upstairs...now! With an ass like that, you surely are old enough to spend time with a dirty old man." He begins tugging and pulling her to the stairs leading to the upper floor .

Toye watched as her heart races, her breath was shallow and rapid. "You enjoyed it didn't you?" Rex asked.

She tried not to answer, but before she realized it, his hands was no long on her body. She had been so aroused watching it that as he took his hands of her, she continued to grind her body against his.

She felt ashamed, but couldn't turn away. She needed to know more. She needed to see what became of them.

"Come, priest...let's see what becomes of them."

He led her through the crowd, it was busy. Too much to take in, too much to process. She saw things she never thought possible. Disturbing, yet captivating as those that surround her gave in to their forbidden desires.

As they walked and weaved in between various patrons, she was frightened by what was to come. She thought to herself as to why she ventured to this place. Her mind raced wondering why she left the comfort of her safety in the abbey.

Yet, as she walked, she felt eyes staring at her, undressing her, as well as hands touching her and groping her from all directions. She was a simple girl, no striking features. Pale skin, light brown hair that fell down, her face was free from any form of cosmetics. She was not adorned in jewelry or fancy dresses, only that of a simple robe worn by priest trainees among the abbey. However, she felt like a small fish in a tank full of piranhas.

They both follow behind the homeless girl and the off duty guard. Rex is eager to corrupt the girl, but rather than taking her quickly, he wants to push her limits. He wants to see how far he can push her until she gives, or lowers her guard enough.

They make it to the top floor, Toye looks around. The sight above was more intense than below in the common area. Rooms with open doors for all to see. Many of the beds had multiple people, some were couples, others were groups engaged with other. It seemed the patrons used the beds if there was space available. Many of the other furniture, chairs, tables, even bookshelves were covered with naked bodies in full debauchery.

Her mind could not process all she saw, she looked around and even so a Worgen, a werewolf like man in his full beast transformation with two girls. A female high elf kneeling and bent over as he mounted her from behind. His body was monstrous compared to human men, more so that he was able to life her by her torso with one hand. His other grabbing one of her ankles keep her legs spread open as his tongue invades her, devouring her dripping juices.

"Look there.." Rex ordered as he turned her body, making her face the guard she knew as well as the homeless girl.

She watched the girl on her knees, parts of her clothing torn off. Her hands were bound behind her back, the guard had his hands around her head forcing her to move forward and back. He was rough with her, each thrust forward made her gag and cough, but he wouldn't give her a chance to catch her breath.

Toye's body had suddenly gotten warmer. Watching them, she had mixed feelings. The better part of her whispered in her mind to leave, yet her body wouldn't move. Arousal, excitement, and curiosity continued to drown out her wisdom.

Then just like before, from behind she found her body pulled into his. Rubbing against each other, yet she could feel his appetite for her was insatiable. His curious hands began to explore her body from outside the robe.

She tried to watch, but feeling him touch her body in ways they've never been touch, his breath on her neck called out to sensations in her body that have been unknown to her before. Her hands grabbed his wrist, yet she she was not resisting. She felt she had better control if she held on, yet it was futile. She was losing every bit of control as her eyes began to roll back, her body giving in to the moment. The sound of pleasurable moaning, bodies sliding and slapping into each other.

"It's time to see how your body feels, make me feel good and I might give you enough coin for a hot meal!" The guard yelled at the girl as he began standing her up. Breathing hard, gasping for air, her cute face dripping with slobber down her chin to her neck.

His voice distracted Toye, in her surprise she yelped catching the attention of the guard. He looked at Toye as he positioned the girl in his mercy, almost instantly he recognized her as she wore her normal robes. Surprised, yet it enticed him more knowing one of the girls in the abbey was witnessing his darker side.

Toye watched him, she watched as the girl's tears began falling down her face. She watched him tug on her pants, pulling them down and exposing her lower body. She couldn't believe her eyes, she's lived in the abbey her whole life. As far back as she could remember, this man was one of the most kind hearted guards.

Now, watching him defile this girl, one who was about the same age as her. He began to tear away the top of her clothing. So in tuned with what she was watching she hardly noticed Rex releasing the strings on her robes until it fell of her body.

Now feeling his strong hands on her skin, her body temperature rose even more. Watching the guard as he penetrated the girl in his grip. He stares Toye as he continues thrust into the girl with punishing strikes.

She could feel Rex's hands touching her more savagely. She could feel an insatiable desire from him, yet watching the guard ravage the girl was sending her mind into a lustful frenzy.

Toye resisted a bit, but she soon found Rex's arms embracing her tightly, crossing her wrists together and pulled into her chest. Then she felt one of his hands slip down her lower undergarment. His fingers pressing firmly against her sensitive areas. She found herself moaning just as loud as the girl she had been watching.

Her knees began to shake, this sensation was too strong. "Keep watching, priest" Rex demanded. "If you turn away I'll leave you here all by yourself."

She did her best to watching the guard ask he hand the girl standing in front of him, bent forward and pulling on her ponytail thrusting hard into her as if he wanted to catch Toye's attention with each thrust.

Yet, the feel of Rex's bare chest against her back, his arm around her body, the other hand between her thighs. Feeling his breath on her neck as he continued to whisper in a deep lustful voice. "Is this what you wanted to see? Has your curiosities been a answered?"

She didn't know how much longer she could take, yet her night had yet to fully unfold...