 Waking, from a dream filled sleep, she looked around, trying to shake the sleep from her eyes. Seeing only the vague shadows of the bed room furniture, she sighed despondently. She had not wanted to wake, as the dream she was having was so explicit, and lewd.

Stretching laboriously, she allowed her hands to run over her body, moaning softly when they came into contact with her sensitive places. Pinching her nipples softly, she delighted in the feeling as they got harder, more erect. Thinking back on the dream made her think she was somehow being watched, yet by whom she did not know. Moaning softly, she reached down between her legs, feeling her wetness…wanting ohh so much more.

She opened her legs wider, as she was feeling for her vibrator at the same time. She glanced up, and her eyes caught a small, cylinder shape she had not noticed before. Somewhat curious, she sat back on her heels, as she picked this object up, all thoughts of pleasure halted for the moment.

It was a sphere of some sort, shiny silver shards of glass could be seen when held up to the light. She picked it up, noticing a tingling that ran from her nipples down into her pussy. She gasped aloud, at the wondrous feelings she had just experienced. She put this sphere down by her pussy, noting how the color changed from the silver, to bright pulsating purple.

Opening her legs wide, she brushed the sphere across her clit. She felt rather than saw a liquid form, rising from the sphere, flickering towards her open pussy. Closing her eyes in supplication, she abandoned any thought she might have had, as she felt this liquid form sucking up into her, washing all over her with so many feelings, all her nerves were alert, running rampant.

With each breath she took she felt a new sensation she'd not felt before. Her hands were placed above her head, by a force that could only be described as a gentle force, making her want to do this she realized. Opening her eyes, she saw the shape of a person, bending over her, touching her, tasting of her.

Twisting, and writhing in a sexual heat, she no longer gave thought to what was happening. She was willing this to go on, she realized, and this feeling gave her a tremendous over view, on all that was taking place. The shape of the person was speaking to her, she realized. Trying to ignore the feelings that were making her so wet, open and willing, she thought she heard from somewhere far away, a soft voice saying 'you will call me Paul, and I shall call you little one'

She was moaning louder now, the feelings seemingly making her more ready to accept what the voice had said. Again she felt the liquid kisses going all through her body. Places that had never been touched by another suddenly found their way being touched…probed…tended to in the most sensuous way that could be.

Feeling a bite, she opened her eyes, only to be soothed by the nipple clamps that had been put on her, and tightened. Feeling a cool burning in her pussy she opened her legs wide as she could, noticing how moist she was. Hearing a soft laughter, she marveled at the words she was hearing: 'oh yes, little one. At any time you want this, anytime you want me, I shall be here, just for this purpose.'

Feeling quite bold, and reckless, she felt herself being made to get on her hands, and knees. Getting herself comfortable, she felt the sharp pain, as her nipples were being felt by something, that burned like a liquid heat, yet at the same time it felt so cold, so ice cold. Moaning out loudly, she was silenced by a soft touch to her ass.

Her nipples were being pulled on by the chain, and at the same time she felt something linger over her ass…then just as quickly, something entered, almost forcibly causing her to scream out loud. That was one part of her body never before touched by man, nor beast. She tried to fight this feeling, as it thrust deeper into the recess of her ass, only to be told 'no, littleone, do not fight. It is quite useless, as I will take what I want, when I want it. Know this, learn this, and remember this.'

Trying to relax her muscles, she breathed in deeply, smelling vanilla, and a raw earthy smell somehow combined into one. Feeling this form slide all the way into her ass, she again gasped out loud. She again felt a liquid heat, in her pussy, and she realized she was being made love to this way, and at the same time she was being fucked, quite literally in her ass. The sensations were causing her to clinch tightly her pussy muscles, spasming around the object with great delight. So caught up in this feeling she felt her nipples being pulled, pinched harder than ever. Instead of hurting, she felt herself float, so slowly, wanting more, and somehow knowing all she wanted, she would have.

For a price.

Copyright © August 2002 mystic unicorn all rights reserved by me