 Lisa's Second Chance at Happiness. 

Introduction

Lisa is an attractive, blonde 25 year old human living and working on earth. Alien life had been found over 100 years ago and various shady government existed but were kept secret from the population. Space travel had become affordable and a growing industry blossomed. Fresh from a broken relationship and with no prospects, she meets a new friend. This encounter will change her life forever as she joins the secret Interstar breeding programme, initially, not of her own choice.

Part 1 -- My new life and my new friend.

I was working on our home planet Earth, quite happily, in the workshops of the Interstar corporation repairing and maintaining the spacecraft, well, actually, I worked in the canteen preparing meals for the scientists, mechanics and managers. Actually, I wasn't happy either. I'd completed my education at school and college 5 years previously and was looking forward to further education to become a doctor. But then I met a guy, fell in love and decided to travel with him for a couple of years. Feeling like I had met the man of my dreams I allowed myself to lose sight of my ambitions and become dependent on him. I thought he felt the same way but after 3 years, I had become emotionally abused, robbed of all my money along with my self respect... he left me with nothing other than a dislike of men and no prospects.

After months of therapy, I managed to get a job with Interstar, in the canteen. It was a terrible job but I was feeling happier that I was starting to put the past behind me. I had only been working for a few days when another new woman started work in the kitchen and was assigned to the same section as me, she introduced herself warmly and I noticed her cheeky smile almost immediately. Aretta and I quickly became friends at work, Aretta was a few years older than me, she was 30. I found her happy and cheeky nature just what I needed after years of misery and life slowly started to become fun, I even looked forward to going to work, mainly to spend time with Aretta.

One night, while at work and after a hard day, Aretta and I were cleaning the kitchen, the strangest thing happened, as Aretta, bent forward to clean the doors of a storage unit, I caught myself starting at her ass, suddenly shocked, I couldn't stop myself, it may have been the tight shorts she was wearing that made the shape of her butt so nice to look at or something more subconscious, I am not sure. It was a fact that I found her beautiful, she had a slim figure with perfectly sized breasts, toned butt and a huge smile, added to her long brown hair, she looked amazing. I put it out of my mind, or so I thought. But I found that as time passed, I started to feel attracted to her, I guess it was inevitable although I had not ever felt attracted to women before but something was changing, I needed love and had given up on men and here was someone, who, at last, made me feel happy. Every day I started to feel butterflies in my stomach as I took every opportunity to examine her body, and be close to her, I think she knew it too, I don't think I was very subtle about it.

Aretta and I often met outside of work for lunch, or coffee but this Friday was different. It was already dark when we finished work, hugged each other and went home. I reached my apartment and decided that I would have a shower and then enjoy some wine and movie before bed.

I finished my shower and dried my hair, as I turned off the hair drier, my phone was flashing, there was a message from Aretta. She said that she was bored and not feeling tired, did I want to meet for drinks at the bar across town? Of course I did! We arranged to meet in an hour. I put on a nice white tee shirt with my new red skirt which was pretty short for me, but it was summer and hot. As I was leaving my apartment, I realised that without even noticing, I had chosen my best underwear, a bright red, lace thong and bra set.

I felt both excited and nervous as I got off the bus near the bar, it was late and there was no one on the street as I walked towards the junction in the road. I passed the last of the houses on the street and suddenly, the silence was broken as someone shouted, "Hey!" in a familiar voice, Aretta, stepped from the dark doorway as I stopped, slightly shocked. Aretta giggled at my fright. "I've been waiting for you" I had just taken a breath from the shock and that's when I noticed that Aretta was dressed in skin tight black latex shorts, a black top and was swaying slightly..she had clearly been drinking, I could smell it on her breath. But as with all the things she did, I found them sweet.

Aretta stepped close to me, "I don't want any more to drink, I need coffee" she said as she turned away, before I could say anything she walked back into the the dark doorway, this was her place, I never knew where she lived until now. "You coming?" she said between giggles. I smiled and followed her. Having never seen her drunk like this, I was, by now enjoying the experience. I followed her up the stairs to her door, OK, I was literally staring at her ass all the way.

Once we got inside, she made coffee and invited me to sit down on her sofa. I watched her through the door to her kitchen, she seemed happy and had a huge smile. I noticed that she didn't have many pictures in her home, In fact, her place was tidy, clean but quite bare, I felt warm and I felt comfortable though. Aretta returned with the coffee and sat next to me. I was feeling slightly self concious as I realised that she had turned towards me and was staring at me as she sipped her coffee. Suddenly, as I caught her eye, she said "so, Lisa, do you like what you see when you look at me?" then grinned and took another sip of coffee. I felt myself turn bright red and stumble over words as I tried to reply....I managed to say nothing legible before she put her coffee down on the table, and took mine from my hand and also, put it on the table. I was feeling so nervous that I felt like I was about to faint. I opened my mouth to speak but just at that moment, Aretta slid closer to me and put her lips to my ear, her hand, quite roughly, touched my stomach and ran up to my chest and softly gripped my right breast as she whispered " I know you want me"

I couldn't move as a rush of intense feelings flooded my mind. I suddenly arched my back and bit my lip as she kissed my ear and I felt my nipple harden through my clothes as her hand squeezed. Aretta felt it and sniggered into my ear, "I thought so" she said. I was ready to give in, right in that moment, I wanted her so badly. I thought to myself, this may be the only chance to feel what's it like to be with Aretta and I'm not going to blow it.

I turned my head to her and pressed my lips to hers she respond straight away by sliding her tongue straight into my mouth, she tasted so good as her tongue swirled around, I moaned into her mouth as she pushed me back on the sofa. I felt the lovely feeling of my pussy suddenly wettening in my panties as I let her lie on top of me, kissing me deeply, my heart rate was through the roof. I couldn't remember being so aroused. I had imagined my first time with a woman and with Aretta countless times over the last few months but I had expected it would be gently and slow, but this was fast, intense and erotic. Aretta knew exactly what she was doing.

I wrapped my arms around Aretta's back and ran my hands down over her firm ass, massaging it through her shorts. Aretta moved her hand away from my breast and moved her body sideways a little as she pushed her hand downwards. My skirt had become hitched up as we squirmed together on the sofa. I felt her hand push between my thighs and I groaned into her mouth as her fingers pushed upwards and brushed over my wet panties. Aretta pulled her mouth away and looked at me, smiling "Oh shit baby, you're so wet" I almost came with excitement at her words, I leaned back and as she remained looking at me , her fingers hooked under my panties and pressed between my wet, shaved pussy lips. It felt so good as she rubbed her fingers up and down over my clit and pussy, spreading my juices around between my legs. Aretta giggled and slid down the bed, I looked down to see her head disappear between my legs, her hands gently pushed my thighs further apart, I obeyed and her hands drifted up both thighs, I felt her fingers first... puling my panties to one side, I was lying there, on her sofa, fully clothed, panting and gripping on to the cushions. I moaned loudly as her fingers massaged each side of my pussy lips then, I felt her use her fingers to spread my lips apart, exposing my dripping pussy and hard little clit. Then it happened, what I had dreamed of...her lips touched my clit, I pretty much screamed as I felt my clit being sucked into her warm mouth, it was more than I could handle I felt an orgasm overtake my whole body suddenly, my body shook and my pussy spasmed hard. Aretta, just used her hands to hold my thighs open as I shook but her lips never left my clit, she just held it still in her lips, without moving.

Just as I was gasping for breath as the orgasm subsided, I felt Aretta begin to suck hard, it was almost a shock but I wanted more, my back arched and I rocked my hips as her lips worked their magic, then she began swirling her finger around my pussy and slowly I felt her push 2 fingers deep into my tight pussy, they slid in easily and then she curled them upwards, finding my g-spot right away. I felt her rub the g-spot in circles as she sucked my clit harder than ever. Only about 45 seconds passed before I was screaming again as I had the biggest orgasm I ever felt. I squirted hard as I came, spraying Aretta with my juices.

Aretta let my clit slip out of her lips and slowly pulled her fingers from my flooded pussy and crawled up my body, her arms held me close as I trembled from the orgasm. I was totally under her spell, I had never felt so wonderful and fulfilled, and the sexual pleasure was amazing, mid blowing and I wanted more, I wanted Aretta.

As I sat up, smiling like a teenager, Aretta grinned at me as she licked her lips cheekily, she leaned over and handed me a glass of water, I was a little dehydrated so I drank it all down. That's when I started to feel strange, I felt dizzy and I reached out for Aretta. She slipped off the sofa and knelt on the floor, she just helped my lay down flat on the sofa and stroked my head, the last thing I remember before I blacked out was her kissing my head.

In Part 2, Lisa wakes in a strange place 