 Lisa's Second Chance. 

Introduction

Lisa is an attractive, blonde 25 year old human living and working on earth. Alien life had been found over 100 years ago and various shady government existed but were kept secret from the population. Space travel had become affordable and a growing industry blossomed. Fresh from a broken relationship and with no prospects, she meets a new friend. This encounter will change her life forever as she joins the secret Interstar breeding programme, initially, not of her own choice.

Part 2 - Lisa Meets Martha, Jennie and the Gradulan

I opened my eyes slowly, I had no idea how long I had been asleep but as I came round, I couldn't move my body which was heavy and numb. I heard talking, and as I began to focus, I recognised Aretta's voice talking to another woman. I suddenly realised that I was that I was no longer in Aretta's apartment but in an unknown room, lying on a bed, Aretta was sitting beside me.

The other woman sat on a chair facing me, she was older, maybe 40 and blonde, she had a friendly face, I couldn't comprehend why Aretta had apparently drugged me and why I had been moved, it was all a blur. Just as my mind started reeling, I was brought back to reality by the voice of the blonde woman "Hey, Aretta, she is awake". I tried to sit up but my body wouldn't move as Aretta spun her head around and smiled at me.

The blonde woman stood up and looked down at me as Aretta, stroked my face. "I'm so sorry that I drugged you, I needed you to come with me without a struggle and it's time that I'm honest with you" The blonde woman simply smiled and kissed Aretta's head, then said "I'm going to leave you two alone" as she turned and left.

Aretta continued "We didn't meet by accident, I work for Interstar but not really in the canteen. I work in the charitable endangered species department" My mind raced as I wanted to shout and run away but I felt too relaxed and some strange force made me want to stay close to Aretta, even though she had drugged and kidnapped me, let alone been stalking me, I still felt like I wanted her, I can't explain it. "Our unit is led by and staffed by women, the woman who just left is the supervisor here, her name is Martha" I tried to take in what was being said and why it was happening to me.

"Your therapist also works for us and recommended you to our unit because of your desire to help people but also your need to be loved. We also needed to know how you respond sexually, which is why I seduced you last night" My eyes stared widely back at Aretta, I felt used and betrayed but also happy, like I had been chosen, so I must be special, I tried to figure out what exactly I had been chosen for.

Aretta soon explained the details "I know this is a lot to take in but our work helps endangered species from across the universe, actually, where we can, we help set up breeding programs to repopulate their planets and sometimes, we act as hosts, that is, breed with the creatures where the genetics match or can be manipulated" I tried to scream, I felt terrified, I knew there were conspiracy theories ever since alien life had been discovered but not here on earth. This had to be a joke.

"You are not being forced or trapped but I am giving you an invitation to live here with us and be part of our community. If you agree, you will be with us, all our women together and be loved forever, you will not want for money and you will have a home. We can even be together sometimes. In return you will agree to help us with the breeding programme, and help the other women with their needs and if you say yes, I will be right here with you" Aretta, kissed my head, I felt her warm breath on my skin and then she turned to leave. "I will give you some time to think, the effects of the tranquillizer will wear off soon, I will return and we will talk"

I closed my eyes and tried to take in what had just happened. Assuming it's all true, I knew that Aretta was right, I did need to be loved and wanted to be part of something. My life was shit, I hated it, until I met Aretta but breeding with aliens? What does that even mean? I felt really scared but if there were lots of women here doing this then surely, it has to be safe right? I felt able to move my fingers and slowly I was able to move the rest of my body, eventually I was able to sit up and look around.

I was in a bedroom, in what looked like a small wooden hut, it was painted light green and I was on a huge bed, it felt soft, the sheets were satin. There were big windows with light bursting into the room. Fresh flowers on the dresser and a wooden door. After another hour my head was spinning, I was able to stand and I felt uncomfortable in my clothes from the previous night. There was a white robe hanging on the back of the door and I saw that I had my own bathroom. I locked myself in the bathroom and undressed, I washed myself and put on the robe which made me feel much better. I decided in that moment that I would not run away just yet but talk to Aretta when she returned.

I pulled a chair up to the window and looked out onto what was really a jungle. There were biomes not too far away and I could just see a lake and the roof of a couple of buildings. I had no idea where I was.

After a few hours, I felt much better, more my old self, the effects of the tranquilliser having worn off completely. I was thinking over and over about what to do. I almost felt in love with Aretta and even after what she had done to me, I didn't feel like not having her in my life. I found myself remembering how she had touched me the night before, about the huge orgasms she had given me in seconds and about how much I needed sex like that. With that thought, I felt aroused, just as I let my mind wander, the door opened and in stepped Aretta. "I see you have made yourself at home" I said yes and found myself thanking her for bringing me here..."You must have lots of questions but would you like to come with me and see what we do here?" I said that I would, I thought it would be nice to see what I was agreeing to but actually I felt more than a little nervous. Aretta took me through the door and into a second room which was filled with clothes. Aretta opened a drawer and pulled out some back panties and a bra and handed them to me. Made of silk, they felt amazing as I slipped them on. Next, Aretta gave me some simple black shorts and a black tee shirt, then some sandals. I got dressed and she turned to walk through another door which led into a open courtyard, it was warm as the sun hit me. Aretta took my hand and we walked into the jungle.

As we walked, we held hands and talked, I felt so close to her, then she explained that we were arriving at a clearing in the jungle with a small pond and we would meet Martha who had brought a woman called Jeannie to the jungle and she would mate with a creature called a Gradulan, which lived in the pond. The Gradulan was an ancient species and only 20 were know to survive. Aretta told me that they are both male and female, bi-gender and that they would usually host with each other but only one Gradulan had been captured. Aretta said "I think you'll like this, we are going to observe" I felt curious to see what would happen, we sat on the ground near the pond and soon heard Martha and Jeannie arriving.

Martha led Jeannie to the clearing and as they saw us, greeted me warmly. Martha leaned down and kissed my head, Jennie looked over and smiled although she looked a little more nervous. Aretta said "Just watch, we mustn't distract the process" Aretta, sat behind me with her legs apart and I snuggled between them and waited for something to happen.

Martha, stood in front of Jeanie and stroked her face, then leant in and kissed her deeply, as they were kissing, Martha unzipped Jeannie's dress, then slowly lifted it over her head. Jeannie wasn't wearing a bra and her large breasts hung with her nipples erect, she wore black panties with tie strings on the sides. Martha took Jeannie' hand and led her to the edge of the pool, she stood, bare foot on the edge of the water, her back to the pond. I saw Martha kiss her again and massage her breasts, pulling on her nipples. Jeannie was moaning softly and I could see she was finding it harder to stand. Martha noticed this too and helped Jeannie to the ground, Jeannie positioned herself on all fours with her ass to the water.

Aretta whispered, "Martha is an expert on the breeding process for all the species we help, she is kind and makes sure we are all OK", I nod my head as I can't take my eyes off the scene unfolding a few feet in front of me, Jeannie notices me staring and smiles at me. Martha takes a plastic pot from her pocket. Aretta whispers "That's the pheromone, Martha will put in the water to attract the Gradulan and then rub some into Jeannie" Almost as she was saying it Martha knelt beside Jeannie and asked "are you ready baby?" With a deep breath, Jeannie replied, "yes, I want it now". Martha smiled and poured the pink liquid into the water behind Jeannie, then she put the pot down and ran her hands along Jeannie's back, reaching her panties, she untied them and pulled them from her body, throwing them aside. Martha picked up the pot again and put her finger into the sticky pink liquid, she leaned down and kissed Jeannie deeply as her hand disappeared between Jeannie's legs, I saw her back arch as Martha pushed her slimy finger into Jeannie s smooth pussy. Martha wiggled her finger around for a few seconds then withdrew it and stepped back from Jeannie.

After just a few minutes, the water in the lake bubbled and there was a plopping sound, I could see a translucent mass on the surface of the water, as it rose up behind Jeannie it reached about 4 feet from the water as was almost round and nearly see through, I felt Aretta hold me and kiss my neck but I didn't feel scared, more interested. "he's nearly there" I heard Martha say to Jeannie. Martha looked between her legs, then looked forward again and visibly gritted her teeth. Jeannie visibly jumped when the Gradulan touched her butt, then moaned loudly as she thrust herself backwards, pressing her ass into the creature which seemed to envelope her lower half. Martha moved forward and put her hand on Jeannie back "well done baby, I think he's almost ready" Jeannie looked at me as I saw the Gradulan start to pulse and I could just about make out a darker coloured area inside, near Jeannie's pussy, all of a sudden, I could see it disappearing into Jeannie, she screamed and gasped. Martha held her still as she moaned out "fuck! he's inside me, oh shit, oh shit urrrgghhhh" Martha looked at her ass and said "Yes baby, oh yes, he's inside your pussy nice and deep. You know what to do, rock your hips on him baby" Jeannie obeyed and rocked her hips and the Gradulan started to throb and pulse hard. All of a sudden Jeannie looked up "Martha, wide eyed, I'm gonna cum" Martha reached down and massaged Jeannie s hanging breasts "go on baby, let it go, get ready, when your pussy clamps him, he will cum inside you" Jeannie gritted her teeth as she pushed back and all of a sudden let out an ear piercing low growl "I'm cumming, fuck I'm cumming" she shouted from her gritted teeth. I could see a fluid inside the Gradulan almost flowing into Jeannie. Her arched back and screams of pleasure turned me on and I realised that I was dripping wet and not at all scared. Jeannie slumped onto the floor and the Gradulan withdrew from her body and slowly sank beneath the waves. Jeannie's lower half was covered in a layer of milky white slime. Martha kissed Jeannie and helped her up, I saw thick white liquid running down her legs, she was out of breath and could hardly stand. Martha looked at us and smiled "I need to take care of her now, please leave us". Aretta stood up and took my hand, we walked slowly back to my new room without saying very much. My brain trying to process what I had just seen.

I lay down on the bed and Aretta lay next to me, she put her arms around me and I felt safe. Eventually, I drifted off into a deep sleep in her arms.

The next morning, I woke up to find myself alone in my bed which made me feel a little disappointed, I bathed and dressed, although it was so hot, I decided to only wear underwear -- white panties and sports bra. Almost as soon as I was dressed, Aretta returned. Looking around the door and smiling at me, she said "I have a visitor for you" with that, the door opened fully and in stepped Jeannie looking stunning wearing a summer dress, smiling at me. "I thought you two could spend some time together, have fun!" Aretta turned and left. I felt a little awkward and didn't know what to say but Jeannie immediately asked me if I was OK? "you're new here right?" I said I was and explained briefly what had happened over the last few days. I asked Jeannie if she had really orgasmed with the creature yesterday. She laughed "of course!, we are here to help these creatures but there would be no point without such pleasure. I have been here for 5 years and bred with dozens of creatures. I can't wait for the next one...you will see, your turn will come soon"

I asked Jeannie what happens to her now that the Gradulan had mated with her. She explained that her Martha had examined her earlier in the morning and the egg had been fertilised. That's amazing I tell her. "I have bred 5 times with the Gradulan, its a strange creature, both male and female but it needs a host to breed. It slides all around my body and it doesn't really have a cock as such but it has a tube that swells and fills my pussy -- it throbs in there and grows inside until it pushes past my cervix, I have to rock my hips to make sure its filling me but that makes me cum. Once that happens, my pussy clamps the Gradulan hard and this makes it squirt the egg and the semen into my womb...it feels so intense." "The creature feels quite cold but the semen is really hot, I can feel it squirting inside me". Jeannie puts her hand on her stomach as she continues "gestation is 24 hours so later today I will lay this egg, back into the pond. It will first push out of my womb and become stuck in the top of my pussy where it grows quickly. As it gets larger it will push out of my pussy. It can be painful if I don't relax but if I make myself cum it will come out quite easily" and feel wonderful. I sat there staring at Jeannie with my mouth open. Jeannie laughed at me and came over and sat beside me, she took my hand and said "you don't need to be scared, this is the best thing that could happen to you" deep down I knew she was right.

Jeannie put her hands either side of my face and put her lips to mine. I was so turned on from her description of the Gradulan that I just kissed her, tasting her tongue as we explored each others mouths. She pulled away and said "I usually go alone for the egg laying, but why don't we go together?" I nodded and she smiled. Jeannie took my hand and put it on her tummy, "Feel there?" I pressed my hand just above her pubic bone and felt a squishy lump "There" she said "Alien life, and I'm proud to bear it"

After a couple of hours of kissing and small talk Jeannie asked to lay on the bed "I think it's staring" she said with a little smile. Jeannie undressed in front of me "I like to be naked from now" she winced a little as she lay down, I laid next to her. Jeannie turned her head to me, "I think you know what I need now?" I did know, instinctively and I let my hand brush over her breasts and over her tummy. She moaned as my fingers reached her pussy lips. As I began gently rubbing her clit in little circles, she spread her legs wide, moaning hard. "I can feel the egg stretching my cervix" she said shakily as I kept rubbing her clit. I moved my fingers downward to her pussy and was surprised to feel thick slime oozing out of her. I pressed 2 fingers deep into her pussy and massaged her pussy walls. It was just a minute or 2 later that Jeannie screamed out "It's coming out of my womb, fuck fuck fuck, FUCK!" I pulled my fingers out and rubbed her clit hard she shouted "Fuck Fuck I'm cumming, Im cumming" and her body spasmed violently and her pussy squirted hard. Rolling on the bed and trembling, I held her, as I stroked her stomach, I could feel the egg was no longer in her womb, it was in her pussy rapidly growing.

Jeannie looked at me "Thank you, and wow, that was amazing, it works so much better and is so much less painful if I can cum when it happens, your fingers were magic. Now, we had better head back to the pool, I don't have very much time now that the first stage is complete"

We walked together back through the jungle, Jeannie was finding it a little harder to walk as we approached the pool and I held her up, Jeannie was still naked and I was only wearing my panties and bra being such a hot day and anyway, clothes seemed kind of pointless here, wherever 'here' was.

We reached the pool and Jeannie was out of breath, she asked to go to the far side of the pool where the water was shallow. Together we made it and she sat down on the edge of the pool. The water was shallow and a beach of mud was spread between us and the water. Jeannie told me that she lays the egg in the mud. I took her hand and helped her into the pool, we both sank up to our knees in the wet mud as we waded a few steps away from the edge. "Just here is fine, I'm gonna do it right here" Jeannie said between pants, I looked down and saw her pussy was swollen and dribbling liquid. "Don;t worry" I said to her gently, "I'm right here"

Jeannie got to her knees and leant forward, this caused her thighs to sink into the mud almost up to her pussy, her arms sank up to her shoulders. She looked so sexy partly sunk in the mud with her exposed dribbling pussy on full view. Jeannie let out a loud moan and looked back at me. I remembered what she said about needing to cum when she lays the egg. I waded behind her and knelt down, feeling the mud creep up my thighs. I massaged the dribbling slime into the folds of her pussy and Jeannie started making sweet little moaning noises as I found her clit and began to rub it slowly. As her body started to buck with the pleasure she began to almost growl. She kept throwing her head back and then I saw her pussy start to gape. I could see the egg pushing out, it was about the size and shape of a large coconut but not hard, it was like thick jelly, grey in colour. I could see it stretching her pussy open as Jeannie was forcing it out. "Make me cum Lisa, please, make me cum now" Jeannie blurted out, I pinched her clit and rubbed the stretched skin around her pussy. "Fuuuckkkkk yessss" Jeannie screamed as I felt her body starting to shake. She screamed again and again, "Go on, push it out baby" I encouraged as I squeezed her clit. "I'm gonna cum baby, yes yes yes, fuck I'm cumming". I saw her pussy visibly contract around the egg as Jeannie yelled out, then the egg passed the point of no return and slid out of Jeannie's pussy into the mud with an audible plop as she orgasmed violently a second time, jets of her cum sprayed from her pussy and hit my tits. As Jeannie caught her breath, I ran my hands over her back and kissed her skin.

Lots for words, I found myself having witnessed the intense sexual experience of this woman with closeness like I had never known. I had only met her yesterday during the breeding and now I am helping her lay alien eggs, not to mention that I had made her orgasm several times today. I knew that I would stay but I began to feel apprehensive that it meant that my time for breeding would probably come quite soon.

I waded around to Jeannie who has caught her breath after the egg laying. I knelt in front of her and kissed her lips, sliding my tongue into her mouth for a moment. I thanked her for letting me share that moment. I helped Jeannie to her feet and we walked to shallow end of the pool and sat in the clean water to get rid of the mud. Jeannie explained that the Gradulan wouldn't bother us, after it breeds, it sleeps for around 2 weeks and egg was safest in the mud. We sat in the warm water cleaning each other and I had completely forgotten that I was wearing panties and a bra! Jeannie laughed as she pointed it out.
