 Chapter 1

Dr. Schaller hobbled out of his laboratory, past the heavy metal door into the sunlit lobby of his facility. He leaned on a cane, while in his other hand he held a lukewarm cup of coffee. His white labcoat draped around his tired old form.

"Ah, it's Friday."

"Yes Dr. Schaller," Faith said. The receptionist looked up from her computer screen to smile at him brightly.

"And not a moment too soon, eh dear?"

"Mhmm. The suspense is killing me!"

Dr. Schaller looked at her, returning that smile as for a brief moment he indulged in the sight of the young receptionist. He had a weakness for her type -- slim, pale with reddish blonde hair, and so very pretty. She reminded him of a girl he'd known and fallen for when he was a young man. Never in his youth had he known such a lovely girl to be so kind, so seemingly innocent and pure of character. 

"Ah, um... do you have any plans for the weekend?"

"Mhmm," she said. "I have a modelling assignment this evening."

"Oh, how nice. I guess we'll be seeing you on the magazine stands in a few weeks?"

She giggled, "no, it's just for some ads. Like, banners that they put up in department stores..."

"Ah, I see." 

"And then tomorrow night Jeff's band is going to be playing a show, so there's that."

Dr. Schaller nodded slowly. He didn't care to hear about her 'Jeff'. Surely a girl like Faith could do better than him. From what he'd heard, the lad was going nowhere. He worked nights in the kitchen of a bar-grille, and other than that his life revolved around his band playing local shows to small and indifferent crowds. He shifted the subject away from him: "if this modelling career of your takes off are we going to have to look for another receptionist?"

"Hmm," Faith said, pursing her bubblegum pink painted lips. "I dunno! Maybe if I had a raise..." She punctuated her response with a little giggle.

The scientist shook his head, looking down into his cup of coffee. There was the sound of movement coming from the lab behind him. "Well, Lucy and I would miss you. Wouldn't we, dear?"

"What's that?" A bespectacled brunette poked her head out from within the lab. 

"I was just saying that if Faith's modelling career takes off, we're going to miss her around here."

"Oh. Umm... yes, we will."

Lucia, or Lucy as everyone called her, was an entirely different kind of girl. Where Faith was bubbly and simple, she was keen and analytical. Lucia was extremely smart and well educated. Many had applied for the position of Dr. Schaller's assistant, but only she had passed the muster. She was the only other person who knew what kind of experimental work was done behind that heavy steel door.

She plopped her backpack on the ground and was bending over to fill it with a few things... the Tupperware that held her lunch, the cord to charge her phone. With her out of her labcoat the old scientist had a rare opportunity to admire the curves of the vivacious and clever latina. He was getting lost in the way her jeans hugged her round rear and womanly hips, giving a tantalizing glimpse of her whale-tail thong strap. Seeing it made his heart ache. He snapped away from that spectacle just in time as she looked to him, pushing a wavy brown lock of hair off her glasses. "Can you pass me those forms?"

"Uh?"

From behind her desk Faith handed some papers to Dr. Schaller. "Ah, sure... no problem." He passed them to Lucia, who roughly stuffed them into her backpack. She zipped up and slung over her shoulder. 

"So. Weekend plans my dear? A date with Rick, perhaps?"

"Roger. His name is Roger..."

"Oh, my mistake. I'm having trouble keeping track of your boyfriends, my worn old mind, you know..."

Lucia chuckled. "Sure, sure... No, tonight I'm just going to grab a bottle of wine, some takeout, and stream some old movies."

"That sounds fantastic."

"Yep!" She was already holding her car keys. "So, see ya Monday."

"Yes dear, Monday." 

Dr. Schaller watched the slender brunette's rear sway in her jeans as she headed for the door. Every nerd's wet dream, that girl. After a moment he turned to his receptionist: "ah, you can pack it in too if you like, Faith. I'm going to be working late tonight. I'll close up."

"Okay." The strawberry blonde grabbed her purse, which had been sitting ready by her side. She hopped off her chair, initiating a bounce of her chest that made the old scientist's heart skip a beat. 

"Mm... have a good weekend, dear. Knock 'em out."

She smiled that bright, perfect grin. So childlike and sweet. "I will. Bye!" 

With her out the door the old scientist breathed a sigh of relief. He could always rely on Faith to lift his spirits. Yet her and Lucia's lovely presence came at a price, for sharing a workplace with such beautiful women, day in and day out, was cruel on his lonely old heart. It would have been easier if they were just plain, ordinary people. But then, he was the one who hired them. He only had himself to blame.

Often he caught himself fantasizing about either of the two, of what life would be like if he were young enough to date them. Of course in those fantasies he was nothing like his younger self, who was a short statured and sickly nerd. No, even if he were in his prime Faith and Lucia would be way out of his league. And yet they dated such unimpressive men.

"What I would give..."

Shaking his head at the depressing thoughts, he stepped behind the heavy steel door, back into his lab. He shut it behind him, locking himself away from the world.

Chapter 2

There was one more beautiful young lady in that lab, and during his lone moments Dr. Schaller wasn't afraid to speak the truth to her. He could confide all of his secrets, his heartaches, to the silent goddess within. That she couldn't hear him, that she had no thoughts of her own, meant little. 

As he slowly made his way past machinery and workstations, his glance turned to the tall, water filled tube in the centre of the lab. "Ah, Sibyl, my... beautiful..."

He sat down in a creaking chair before it and was bathed by the soft fluorescent glow emanating from within. "The altar", was what he and Lucia jokingly called the open space around the watery chamber. Many a time they found themselves just sitting and staring at the being floating inside, awed by the perfection they had created and held secret within the lab.

Earlier that year when his wife passed away, Dr. Schaller had gotten into the habit of staying late to just sit and be with Sibyl. He had no children of his own, and save for his wife's deaf and blind old dog he had no one else. The floating body of Sibyl was the closest thing he had to a family member, and to be in the presence of it was therapy.

"Oh, Sibyl... I'm afraid the end is near. I'm growing tired of this life, of being trapped in my tired old body. Of going to my empty home, of always being alone."

Sibyl was his life's work. She was a clone of a humanoid being who, apparently, was alive and integrated into some corner of society. Inside her halo of light blonde locks she wore a 'crown' -- a band of metal which monitored her brain activity. She had never shown signs of consciousness... she was an empty husk whose brain served only to command her heart to beat and her lungs to breath.

She was something very special. For over thirty years he had studied her. He had watched her grow from a fertilized ovum to fetus to child, eventually into the breathtaking adult she had become. They had cut her open and sewn her back up hundreds of times, and within a week she would be healed without a single scar to show. He had been assured that she would never age, that she was immortal.

His and Lucia's work was to analyze her genome and find the genes that made her so unique. With those genes the government wanted to create a super soldier. But that was thirty years ago, in the nineties, and his funding was beginning to dry up. Nowadays drones did all the work of soldiers.

There had been no progress, and Dr. Schaller had become very old. He was sure that when he retired, Sibyl's program would be retired as well. "If I were to quit, what would they do with your body?"

And what a body it was. Sibyl was slender and feminine, yet analysis of her muscle fibres indicated that if conscious, she would have potentially super-human strength. Her narrow waist gave way to fertile womanly hips, which along with that pornographically oversized pair of breasts made her a spectacular sight. Yet in stark contrast to it all, between her legs there floated the unmistakable genitalia of a man. They were flawless like the rest of her, and Dr. Schaller was humbled to observe that though they were flaccid they already dwarfed his own. They certainly seemed out of place on the golden haired idol, but over the years he had grown to accept them as one of the aspects of her perfection.

Sibyl's kind were very strange beings indeed. To look upon her was to feel drugged, stupefied by the sheer sexuality of her body. He was sure Lucia felt the same way, for many a time he had seen her gaze grow distant as she looked upon their work.

The old scientist got up slowly, groaning from the arthritic pain in his back, and slowly shuffled over to the water filled chamber. He pressed his forehead against the glass and stared at Sibyl's beautiful, placid face.

"I've found a way, my sweet. A way to end my suffering in the prison of this worn old body... a way to free you from your cage. Tonight... we will be one."

Chapter 3

It took all his strength, but eventually the heavy shears snapped through the lock. Dr. Schaller opened Lucia's locker and started to sort through her spare change of clothes. He took out a t-shirt, some sweat pants. 

For a moment he lingered on her panties, and he lifted them up into the light to admire them. "Oh... oh my..." He pressed them to his mouth and inhaled, tasting the warm scent of a beautiful woman in her prime. It was a good thing he'd shut off all the security cameras. He felt ashamed. I'm a dirty old man...

Returning to the lab he tossed Lucia's clothes onto a desk, then sat down in front of a computer. With anxious shaking hands he inserted a flash card into the computer and loaded a subprogram into Sibyl's brain monitoring routine.

He put on a crown -- identical to the one Sibyl had worn for all her existence -- and plugged it into the laboratory panel. A second window on the computer opened, displaying his brain function. It was active, showing all kinds of activity, unlike the braindead flatline of Sibyl.

He clicked his mouse, and a progress bar appeared. Without even the slightest tingle a copy of his mind began to upload into the computer. As he watched it slowly perform its process his heart was pounding so hard that he could hear it in his ears, he could feel his head throbbing against the cold metal crown. 

From his pocket he pulled out a pill, and set it on his desk. 55%. This was it. Was he going to chicken out, or would he do it? 62%. He was shaking with fear. He had never been a brave man. 74%. 

"Christ, I... I... oh god."

82%

The tremble in his hands had him clumsily stubbing his fingers on the table as he reached for the pill. He tried again, and swiftly passed it into his mouth. 91%. 

"Say goodbye to Dr. Stuart Schaller. It's time for a new beginning..."

97%. 98%. 99%. TRANSFERRING.

The scientist bit down on the pill, and within moments he fell dead in his chair.

***

Lucia stepped out of her car, shut the door and locked it. She didn't dislike her work, but on a Friday evening the lab was the last place she wanted to be. She'd been in such a hurry to go home that afternoon that she left her laptop in her locker, and had to make a very reluctant trip back to her workplace to retrieve it.

She stepped inside the open vestibule and swiped her keycard through the cardreader. With a beep and a lit green LED the door unlocked.

She flicked on a light as she headed past the front desk to where their lockers were lined up. 

"What... what the hell?"

Her locker was wide open, and the lock was lying broken on the ground beside some heavy shears. Someone had been through her things. Was it a robbery?

Inspecting her belongings, she found that the only things missing were her extra change of clothes. Oddly enough, her laptop and everything else were still there.

She clenched her keychain in her fist, letting individual keys project through her fingers like little daggers. The intruder could have still been in the building.

With another swipe of her keycard she opened the heavy steel door to the lab and cautiously stepped inside. From the moment she set her eyes on the scene she knew something wasn't right. The lighting had changed... the soft ambient glow of Sibyl's tank had gone dark.

"Oh my god," she whispered. She ran to the middle of the lab, to the altar, and stood staring in shock. Sibyl was gone.

Chapter 4

She stood at the peak of the old bridge, the cold mid autumn wind chilling her wet blonde hair. In her arms she cradled the lifeless body of Dr. Stuart Schaller. That body, which was still warm, she once called her own.

She had to mentally detach herself from what she was doing, the strangeness of it all. She had been that body, now a corpse, for over seventy years, and now she was about to discard it like an old pair of shoes. She had to act fast before someone saw her and suspected the worst.

"Goodbye, Stuart. I..." She didn't know what else to say, but it occurred to her that those were her first words. She was pleasantly surprised by the smooth, cool tone of her voice, its higher feminine pitch.

She lifted him closer and kissed his clammy forehead, then let go. To her perspective he shrank to a mere dot as he plummeted down, then hit the cold turbulent water with a resounding 'smack'. She cringed as the sound echoed off the enclosing cliff walls. 

She got back into Dr. Schaller's old Chevy sedan and drove homeward.

***

It was surreal to enter the home of her previous self. Weeks in advance Dr. Schaller had rewritten his will to make one Sibyl Schaller the sole beneficiary to the house, the car, and everything else, so it was hers. Yet still she felt like an intruder. She'd probably have to sell the lot of it and start over.

She started up the stairs to greet her dog, feeling pleased by the smooth ease with which she propelled herself up each step. Her footfalls were so light. Her breasts jostled against her chest with each movement, which she found both amusing and exciting. With a little giggle she placed her hands over them, smoothing them over their ample, round vitality. What a fantastic body. Lucia never filled out that shirt so well.

She found herself standing at the top of the stairway, just running her hands up and down each feature of her amazing figure... feeling ecstatic for what she had become. Now that the dark business of disposing of her old body was out of the way and she was in the privacy of her home, she couldn't help but explore. In a previous life she had examined every inch of that form countless times, but to be inside it was something else entirely!

In the bedroom the old dog lay on a chair, asleep as usual. When Dr. Schaller returned from work the little twelve pound mutt would awaken, its tail wagging as it greeted its sole surviving owner. Sibyl hoped the dog wouldn't be too disturbed by her new form.

"Brad... Brad, wake up." She crouched in front of the chair.

The scruffy little dog bolted upright, and began to sniff. It didn't recognize Sibyl's scent, and whatever blurry image its milky eyes could discern was also completely alien. In a panic it tumbled off the chair and assumed a firm stance, growling as threateningly as it could.

"No no Brad, come on... it's me... just... oh, hell."

ROFF! ROFF!

Sibyl clucked her tongue, leaving the bedroom. She couldn't blame Brad for his response. It would take time for him to get used to his owner's new appearance.

She headed for the bathroom, where she could take a look at herself in the full wall mirror. For a moment she just stood and stared, amazed at the sight of the blue eyed blonde haired idol she had become, animated and standing on two feet after decades spent floating in a chamber.

She leaned closer, hovering over the bathroom sink to put her pretty nose an inch from the mirror's surface. She smoothed a slender hand over her cheek, and couldn't help but begin to smile. And what a smile it was.

Laughter erupted from her lungs, and the sound of it was like music to her ears. "This is amazing! I'm... perfect!"

She turned to her side, eyeing her slim profile. She cupped and hoisted her breasts in her hands, which were unable to contain the voluminous round flesh. Dropping them back to her chest, she slid her explorative touch down her sides, her fabulous female curves. "God. I'm so hot."

In one swift movement she whipped Lucia's t shirt off. The next to go were her sweat pants. She beheld herself. Beneath she wore Lucia's panties, though they were of little use to restrain her very prodigious member and sac. 

In some way Sibyl's mind still had one foot firmly planted in the point of view of Dr. Schaller, a repressed and secretly lecherous man, and the sight of her unbelievable figure was undeniably arousing. "Hmm..." Standing undressed in front of the mirror, she felt the weight in her panties increase. She pushed the little things off of her hips, letting them fall to her ankles as she continued to ogle her own image.

"Oh... oh my." What had once been a soft eight inches was rapidly expanding, dropping low. It looked like she had a baby elephant's trunk, white as the rest of her, growing from her crotch. Sibyl was huge!

"Good lord!" She picked up that growing cock, feeling the weight and thickness of it harden in her hand. She had a lifetime of experience to command her tentative curious strokes, but never did she have to reach so far to stroke something so vast!

She pulled her hand away, and watched her cock stiffly sway in the air at full length. There was over a foot of her, straight and flawless. Giddy with excitement, she grabbed a magazine from the rack by the toilet to compare and saw that she had about three inches more than its eleven inch spine.

With a sceptical chuckle she put her hands on her hips, strutting naked back to the mirror to have another look, letting it swing wildly with each step. Seeing her buxom and curved body, and indeed also the sight of that huge cock, was extremely hot. It was like a feedback loop of arousal, making her throb even harder. She was the living embodiment of sex, an actual goddess.

Biting down on her bottom lip she began to stroke again, this time more slowly, savouring the feel. As a man she had always been dissatisfied with her slightly below average endowments, and in old age they had become unreliable. It was a dark fantasy come true to wield such a huge, powerful tool, and the sensations it produced were magnified as well.

"My god, this is fantastic... Ohhhh... I love this!" Her slender hand was picking up pace, soon whipping up and down her shaft with an involuntary fury. Cupping one of her breasts with the other, she shut her eyes and tilted her head back to howl with delight.

She fell to her knees with a hardening nipple tightly compressed between her fingertips. She felt warm fluid against her stroking touch, lubricating her motions as it gently trickled from the pink head of her endowment. It was precum, translucent and slick, and as long as she persisted to stroke it slowly and steadily flowed.

She suspected she was leading up to an astounding crescendo, and the act of getting there was so very good. Feeling the slow build of pressure, she took aim at an empty space on the tiled bathroom floor and continued. The energy building exceeded anything she'd felt in her past lifetime, and she feared what she was about to unleash... yet the thrill and pleasure of what she was doing completely overrode those ill feelings.
