 Author's Note: Finally... some heat! Enjoy!

*****

Stephen pulled back into the car port just a few minutes later and cut the engine. He sat there with Grace for an extra moment, knowing what would happen when they headed inside. He had to admit, he was just a bit worried about what would come next.

Not one to miss anything, Grace turned to him and asked, "Are you nervous?"

There was no sense lying to someone who could read your thoughts, "A little."

Grace smiled, "Me too."

"You too? My all powerful sex genie is worried?" Stephen joked, trying to make light of the situation.

Grace giggled, "It's not every day a girl gets to lose her virginity, too! Plus seeing you with your grandfather, and seeing the type of man you are was really amazing. If anything, getting to see that side of you, before any further intimacy, just builds you up a little more to me. You're an incredible man, Stephen."

Stephen blushed at her words, "Maybe one day, I'll be able to believe all that."

"Come on, then. I'll show you that you're worth it," she grinned and got out of the car. Stephen took a deep breath and then followed her lead. Together, they entered the house, which was still just as quiet as this morning. 

"I meant to say this earlier, but your house is just so.. big! There's so much space in here," said Grace, her eyes wide as she took in every aspect of the kitchen.

"Really? I didn't think it was that big," answered Stephen.

"Compared to my time, this would be the size of an extremely powerful man," said Grace, looking up at the ceiling.

"This is pretty modest as far as houses go. There are several out there that are several times the size of this."

"That's extraordinary!" 

Stephen had to chuckle at her naivety. He was thankful he got to experience the world through her eyes. It made things fresh, and new again, whereas lately his life had been missing such excitement, such a spark.

Stephen glanced up at the clock, and noticed it was about 2:30 pm. His mom would typically be home by 4:30 pm and the twins would probably be home much later than that. That gave him at least two hours with Grace, alone. 

"We have enough time, right?" Grace asked, noticing him looking at the clock.

"I think so, although I have an idea," Stephen grinned.

"Oh?"

"Yeah, can you make it so that we have privacy in my room together? So that no noise escapes from the room, and to anyone else, it looks empty like I'm not there?"

Grace let out a little giggle, "You're so close, but you're missing an important part to that wish."

Stephen's brow wrinkled, "I am?"

"Here's a hint: what must every wish contain?"

"Oh, that's right! I wish for all of that so that we can have sex without being discovered!" 

"Much better," grinned Grace. "Done! Your room is practically soundproof now. And we won't be discovered."

"Perfect," whispered Stephen. Now what?

As if on cue, Grace grabbed his hand, and they walked the short distance to his bedroom. She shut the door behind him. Before he had a chance to even turn around to look at her, she was closing the distance, and immediately pressed her lips to his in an intense show of passion.

Stephen let his arms slip around her torso, and returned the kiss with equal amounts of enthusiasm and passion. When her lips parted, he slipped his tongue in to greet hers. When her fingers slid through his hair, he responded by pulling her body tighter against him. She moaned against his lips, before slowly pulling away.

"I hope you don't mind," she said, trying to catch her breath. "I've been wanting to do that since we left your grandparents' house."

"I've thought of little else since this morning," he admitted.

"I know," she giggled. "Did you forget I can read your mind?"

"I guess I did," he laughed. "Okay, what am I thinking now?" 

"Well, that's easy. You want my clothes on the floor, pronto."

"Damn, you're good," he chuckled.

Grace began to lift her shirt as if on command, but stopped before completing it. "I want you to do it, if that's okay? You should be the one to undress your gift."

"Okay," He whispered, somewhat nervously. He reached his trembling hands out to grab the hem of her blouse, and helped her slowly pull it over her head. Her light brown hair spilled out of the collar, falling on either side of her shoulders, now only covered by the straps on her bra. Stephen tossed the blouse on his floor. 

"My shorts now. Please, Stephen?" Grace looked at him with vulnerable eyes, something that was an immense turn on for him. He reached out to unbutton her jean shorts, and slowly lowered the zipper. Grace bit her lip as they fell past her hips, bunching on the floor.

Stephen was speechless, getting his first full gaze of the surprise underneath that she had created for him. The only clothes Grace was left wearing was a matching set of white lace lingerie. The bra, which he had the brief glance of earlier, hugged her tits perfectly. He could just make out the hint of her nipples contained beneath, begging for attention. His eyes cast down her body further, taking in the floral pattern thong that so hugged her hips and hinted at the treasure underneath.

"Was it worth the wait?" Grace asked in a slightly breathless voice.

"I have no words," stammered Stephen, unable to take his eyes off of her.

"That's what I was hoping you'd say," she smiled, warmly. She closed the distance between them once more, planting a soft, lingering kiss on his lips. Then, he felt her hands against the hem of his own shirt.

"May I?"

"You don't have to," started Stephen, feeling very self-conscious at the thought of being exposed to her. His body was not even close to being in the same league as hers.

"I want to, Stephen. I've thought about nothing else since this morning."

"O-okay then," he replied, and then slowly raised his arms.

Grace took the cue to pull up his shirt, pulling the fabric over his head and tossing it on the floor. Her eyes gazed downward to his chest, where a slight playful smile formed on her lips.

She bit her lip before making eye contact with him, "Perfect."

Stephen managed a weak smile while she leaned in to kiss his shoulder blade, and then the other in quick succession. The feel of her soft hair brushed up against his skin, feeling amazing enough to let him close his eyes and enjoy. 

Grace made her way down his chest, finding new spots for her lips to tease and tingle. Watching her work, Stephen couldn't help but thank his lucky stars. Not just to finally be right on the cusp of losing his virginity, but to be having this experience with someone like Grace. Someone who would could easily see himself falling head over heels in love with.

As she reached his jeans, Grace slipped her hand behind the waistband. "May I, Master?"

"Of course," he mumbled, too speechless to think of correcting her at this point. Plus, due to the situation, he found it kind of sexy. 

"Goodie" she said, brightly, as her deft fingers made quick work of the button and zipper. She wrapped both hands around his waist, pulling down in one good tugging motion. Stephen was only left in his boxers, yet with his prominent erection, they were stretched to capacity. 

"Is that for me?" Grace breathed heavily, pointing to his cock.

Stephen nodded, holding his hands to his sides and waiting for her move.

"I can't wait to see it," she said, while her hands slipped under the band on either side. In one smooth motion, his boxers were down to his feet, leaving himself completely exposed to her.

If Stephen thought that he was seized up before, it was now Grace's turn. Her mouth dropped slightly, and her eyes maintained a laser focus on his cock. She bit her lip again, a habit that Stephen found extremely sexy. Slowly, her hand moved closer, before grasping him firmly and giving several quick strokes.

"Good heavens, Stephen. You have a perfect cock!" It wasn't long before she dropped down to her knees carefully, having his entire length right in front of her face.

"You really like it?" He asked, feeling somewhat relieved. Being a man who had played enough sports, and seen enough porn in his time, he knew his cock was only average size, and really not that impressive. Yet the look in her eyes, the fascination that she had for his phallus spoke volumes of her true impression.

"I love it," she whispered, never taking her eyes off his length. Her hand began to stroke, slowly at first, getting her first feel for his member. He almost needed to sit down as she began to stroke harder, putting more effort into the task. Yet what she did next caught him off guard.

He felt a wet, warm sensation hit the tip of his cock. Looking down, Grace had opened her mouth, taking several long licks of the tip, and then swirling her tongue around head. 

"I could get seriously addicted to this," she giggled, before popping it back into his mouth.

"You and me both," chuckled Stephen, earning another round of giggles from her.

"You haven't seen anything yet," she winked, and proceeded to put it back inside her mouth. Stephen felt his eyes rolling to the back of his head at his first real blow job. Grace, for her part, worked with stunning technique, using one hand to work his shaft, while the other worked his balls, giving a gentle massage of each of them in turn. All the while, she kept taking in more of his cock.

First it was just the tip, which she covered completely within the first minute.

Then it was the first inch. Then the second. Soon she was more than halfway there. Grace's eyes found his own, wearing a confident, yet vulnerable expression inside as she blew him. Both parts were incredibly arousing to him, and he found himself breathing heavily.

When his own mouth slightly parted, Grace pulled his cock out of her mouth to give him a sweet smile. "Watch this," she said, before sliding almost his entire length deep down inside. He could feel her nose touch the base of his shaft as she managed to take in every single inch. The fact that she did it without breaking eye contact was enough of a turn on to wake the dead.

"Oh my God, Grace, that feels so good," he groaned, as the tip of her tongue slid along the underside of his shaft. The way her wet muscle slid along every inch of his cock had him seriously questioning how much longer he could hold off. 

Grace pulled him entirely out for a moment, then gave a little grin, "How do you like your first blow job?"

"Uh huh," Stephen stammered, earning a throaty giggle from her.

"I'll take that as you loved it!" 

"Uh yeah, this is... incredible, Grace. You have... no idea," he winced, as she once again deepthroated him. He was having trouble forming words at that point, so intense was the pleasure.

"Well, it's something you can look forward to every day for the rest of your life," she said. "Because I absolutely adore your cock."

Stephen felt his hips involuntarily pressing forward, pushing more of him into her mouth. For her part, Grace stopped trying to control the movement, and just let herself take his thrusting.

"That's it, Master. Fuck my mouth," she moaned, before taking his cock deep once more.

It felt so good, almost too good for him and Stephen wondered just how much longer he could hope to last at this rate. Grace's expert lips and tongue were making him feel sensations that he never even knew existed. After today, how could he ever go back to masturbating? 

"Mmm, Grace... I'm... I'm getting-," Stephen fumbled with the words, feeling the brink approaching quickly.

"Please Stephen," said Grace, flickering her eyelashes up at him. "Please cum for me. Cum in my mouth. You know your cum belongs inside me."

Stephen groaned loudly, with each word from her taking him yet closer to the edge. His hips were buckling in serious fashion now, and he found himself consumed with one thought only: getting as much of his length buried down her throat.

Then Grace began to do something unexpected. She started to hum on his cock as it was buried completely. The gentle vibrations of her humming, coupled with the intense warmth, wetness, and friction did him in completely.

"Urgh, I'm cumming!" He groaned just a moment too late, before heavy globs of cum began shooting out of his cock, filling Grace's mouth completely. For her part, Grace didn't miss a beat, taking his every drop completely in her mouth. She then proceeded to milk his cock, making sure that she didn't miss a single ounce, before looking up at him with her most seductive look, and visibly swallowing it all.

"That was... so cool," he finished, not knowing any word to properly describe how amazing it felt.

Grace exploded into a fit of giggles, "I'm so glad you liked it! You taste so yummy. A girl could get seriously addicted to your cum."

"Well as long as that girl is you, I'm fine with that," chuckled Stephen.

Grace flashed a bright smile and then stood up and tackled him onto the bed. She began to smother him with kisses once more. "I've decided every time you say something sweet, you're going to get a similar response to that."

"That works for me," laughed Stephen. His hands wrapped around her back, with fingers entwining in her long light brown hair. The way her hair framed her face made her look so angelic. 

"I really love your hair. It's probably one of my favorite parts of you," said Stephen. He found a stray strand that had a blonde tip, and gently twirled it around his finger. 

Grace smiled wide, and used a hand to take a bundle of her hair, and toss it over her shoulder. "I love hearing that. It's so important to me that you're attracted to me."

"Trust me, you have nothing to worry about in that department," laughed Stephen. "You're everything that I could have ever wanted. I still think you made a mistake opening for me."

Grace cocked her head to give him a funny look, and then rolled her eyes playfully, "I don't make mistakes, Master." She then pressed her lips in close for a long, lingering kiss. "Tell me what else you like about me, please?"

"Where do I even start?" He replied, breathlessly, once she finished kissing him.

"I'll let you decide," she quipped.

"I love how soft your skin feels. How delicate it is, the warmth, all of it." He ran a finger down the middle part of her back for emphasis, earning a long shiver from her.

"Mmm, that's a great start," she moaned.

"I love how you smile. That smile of yours could wake the dead. I love how you giggle, even when I say something dumb. I really love your body," he said, while feeling bold enough to cup her breast. 

"Why don't you tell me more about that?" Grace asked, leaning to the side beside him. She used both arms to press her chest together, increasing the amount of cleavage visible to him. Stephen took his cue to lean in, kissing around her exposed flesh.

"Here, let me make it easier for you," said Grace, as she reached a hand back to unsnap the bra. She pulled each strap from her shoulder, and once more, her perfect orbs were released for his viewing pleasure. "I'm a little turned on, if you couldn't tell," she smiled.

She wasn't lying. Her nipples were prominently erect, stiff from their playing. 

"Is that an invitation?" Stephen asked with a smirk.

"Trust me, you don't need an invitation. You have a standing offer," she breathed.

"For how long?"

"How about forever? Does that work for you?"

"Sounds like a plan to me," he replied, pressing his face in to wrap his lips around her right nipple. Grace moaned instantly, starting to squirm as he sucked and teased. Once he was satisfied that her nipple was stiff enough, he kissed his way to the other one, leaving a soft wet trail until his mouth enclosed around her left nipple.

"If they gave medals for nipple sucking, you'd get gold, silver,... and bronze!" she squealed, as he nibbled on her nipple. She pulled his head, keeping him against her chest while he sucked. 

Stephen pulled up for a moment, "I could probably do this all day, if you let me."

"I'm not stopping you," she smiled, weakly.

After he had his fill of each nipple, Stephen began to kiss down further still. He planted several more kisses in the valley between each breast, before moving down across her tummy. His tongue dipped inside her belly button, earning a shiver from Grace at the sensation. It wasn't until his fingers hooked into her thong that Grace spoke up.

"Stephen, it's okay. You don't have to do that."

He looked up at her, confused. "You mean, you don't want it?"

She shook her head, "No, that's not it at all. I'd love it. But I'm the sex genie here," she giggled. "It's my job to pleasure YOU. You don't need to do something like that for me."

"That doesn't seem very fair," replied Stephen. "Would it feel good for you? You know, if I used my mouth on you?"

"Oh, yes! It would feel exquisite. But you really don't have to," she replied, biting her lip with a look of uncertainty.

"I want to, Grace. It's like you said earlier, you're my companion. That means this doesn't just go one way," he stated, gesturing back and forth between them. "If you take care of me, I'm going to take care of you, always. While I may not be very good at this, as I've never done it before, I'm going to give it everything I have, because you deserve so much."

Grace sniffled, having to wipe a tear out of her eye, "I'm so lucky to be with you. You really have no idea how special you are, Stephen. To think that you are concerned with giving ME pleasure. You are a very rare person, Stephen Willow."

Stephen smiled, "I just hope I don't suck at this. Never exactly done it before." It was then that he had an idea, something that just hit him.

"Grace?"

"Yes, Stephen?"

"I wish that I was really good. No, great, at eating pussy. I wish that I had the best technique that would make you orgasm easily and often."

"Done," replied Grace, before leaning back up to kiss him passionately. "Thank you."

"You deserve as much, too," he smiled. "Now let's try this out."

He hooked his thumbs in his thong and began to pull it down, sliding the lacy pair down her long legs, and feasted his eyes on her. She looked delectable. A thin covering of light brown hair covered her mound, but not enough to obscure the treasure hidden beneath. He could tell already that she was incredibly turned on, as evidence by the glistening look to her lips, and their slightly parted state. 

He slid in a little closer, bringing his face closer to her inviting slit. As he got closer, the smell of her arousal hit him, an incredibly pungent aroma that beckoned him to dive in deeper. Slowly, he extended his tongue, and used it to tease at her clit to begin the show.

"Oh... oh, that feels so nice," moaned Grace as his mouth got to work. He snaked his arms to wrap around her hips, locking her in place against his mouth.

For his own part, Stephen just did what felt natural. Despite not having any experience in this department, he found that he knew just the right sequence of moves, licks, and sucks to get her hips bucking against him. He just assumed it was the nature of the wish, but he found himself learning what she liked rather quickly.

"Mmm, right there, right there. Yes, right there!" She moaned loudly, grinding her pussy against his mouth. 

Stephen took a moment to pop his head up, her juices trickling down his chin, "Am I doing okay?"

She looked down at him and gave a weary smile, "I think this is my favorite wish of yours yet. Hands down."

"I'll take that as a yes," he laughed, before slipping his tongue back inside her for another chorus of moans. Every taste of her was absolutely luscious, and he savored the taste of her sweet arousal. Her ongoing chorus of moans was all that he needed to get a smooth rhythm going, and by the increasingly audible sounds of Grace's moans, she was thoroughly enjoying as well.
