 Chapter 9

A full day of testing in the lab with Lucia was pushing Sibyl towards her previously undiscovered limit, and by the time five pm had come the deep well of her sexual appetite had run dry... as had her capacity to produce samples.

Nevertheless she had things to do and young women to seduce, and so it was that later that evening she turned up at Faith's apartment.

"Hi Sibyl! Come on in."

Sibyl smirked at the sight of Faith, who looked adorable in a pink baby-tee and yoga pants. She was used to her being dressed for work, and seeing her dressed so casually and comfortably was quite inviting. She stepped inside and set down her purse, stepped out of her shoes. 

"Can I get you anything to drink?"

"Oh, sure. I'm a bit thirsty from the trip here."

"Okay." The girl turned and headed for her kitchen, affording Sibyl an opportunity to take yet more of her in. Those yoga pants were complimenting her rear spectacularly, and while it was quite petite in comparison to Lucia's Sibyl still found herself fantasizing about plunging herself face first into that round little package. Her orangey ponytail was swinging with her every move, so adorably girlish.

When Faith returned with two glasses of juice Sibyl was seated on her couch. She joined her, setting the glasses down on the glass coffee table. For a moment they paused, seemingly sizing each other up. Sibyl was just drinking in her beauty, and she was sure Faith was doing the same for her, but the comment that followed countered her assumption.

"I see you've taken my advice from our makeup lesson."

She was being assessed, not admired. Feeling a pang of disappointment, Sibyl nodded, "uh yes... that's right. No foundation, mascara, a little lipstick."

"Very good! And no leopard-print this time."

"Ah, no, I think you were right about that. I won't be wearing it again."

Faith nodded, her pleasantly smiling gaze sliding downward as she analyzed Sibyl's outfit: A black and white patterned skirt and a close fitting long sleeved top, which permitted just an inch of belly to show. "I actually have plenty of leopard-print in my closet too. My granny keeps giving me it. What do I do with all of it? I can't just give it away!"

Sibyl chuckled, "I dunno?"

"I think she just keeps buying me things she would wear if she were me."

"That seems likely," Sibyl said. She was speaking from personal experience. "For the elderly, youth and beauty are out of reach. It can be a subject of yearning and heartache. She probably buys you those clothes because she wants to live vicariously through you."

Faith nodded, beginning to blush slightly. "I guess..."

"It would bring her a lot of joy to see you wear them."

"Yeah. Maybe just when she's around, I can wear it. But some of it, no one should see!"

Sibyl smiled, "oh? And why's that?"

"She also buys me a lot of lingerie."

"Oh."

"Yeah... really sexy stuff, lacy and small."

Sibyl was feeling slightly provoked by the flood of mental imagery that brought. It seemed the couple hours away from the lab and Lucia had restored her desire. "Ahh. Yeah, she definitely wants to live through you."

Faith giggled. "Okay. So, have you considered modelling?"

"Yeah, I thought about it but I think it isn't for me."

"Aww, come on! You're perfect! And I have so many contacts. You'd be in such high demand!"

Sibyl realized she was still smiling, and the expressive gestures of Faith's pretty hands as she excitedly spoke had her chuckling fondly. "Yeah, I know, but um... No, it's just not for me. Maybe you'll understand when you get to know me better."

"Okay," she said, beginning to look a bit pouty. "I guess."

As the hours steadily passed the two were getting along very well, and it seemed they definitely were going to be great friends. Faith was quickly learning to admire Sibyl, for though she had claimed to have come from a sheltered life in the country she seemed very wise and insightful. Much to Sibyl's chagrin though, she couldn't seem to find an opening to make a move on Faith. She was just so innocent, and apparently entirely heterosexual. 

Around eleven pm Faith informed Sibyl that her boyfriend was finishing his shift, and they decided she would soon be headed home. The subject of conversation naturally turned to him:

"Well, we've been together since high school. He's a kind of quiet guy, but I think he's really cute."

"Since high school! Is he your first boyfriend?"

"Yes."

"Wow, for all this time."

"Uh-huh."

Sibyl was beginning to understand why Faith was so closed off, why she was finding zero opportunities to create desire in her. She had only been with one person, from her adolescence to adulthood. It had never occurred to her that she could do better.

"He must be really good to you, to have held on to you all this time..."

Faith shrugged, "yeah, I guess."

"You guess?"

"Well, lately he's... I dunno. He just wants to drink and play video games all the time."

"Oh."

"Yeah. I think it's his job and his band, they tire him out so much so he just tries to be good to himself when he has free time."

"No time for you then?"

Faith shrugged again, beginning to turn her gaze down.

It was at that moment that they heard the sound of keys turning in the door.

"Hi Jeff!"

"Hey babe." The somewhat weary looking lad stepped inside and was quick to glance at the blonde stranger by his doorway, who was bending down to pick up her shoes and purse. 

"This is my new friend Sibyl. We met at your show on Friday."

"Oh... uh, hi."

It was plain to see that he was dazzled by the sight of her. From the dilation of his pupils and the scent escaping his pores, Sibyl could sense that he was very impressed by her, but also primally intimidated in a way he didn't yet understand. "Hey."

For another moment he stared, and then with a sheepish nod of his head he kicked off his shoes and slinked off to a far corner of the apartment. 

"Well, thanks for coming Sibyl, I had lots of fun! We're going to be the best of friends, I just know it!"

"The pleasure was mine Faith." They shared another big, sisterly hug and then Sibyl left.

Chapter 10

"You're late."

"Oh... uh-huh." Lucia had apparently been waiting by the entrance of the lab. Sibyl glanced at the clock, which read eight-forty in the morning. "By about ten minutes, sorry."

"That's okay," said the scientist, who was quick to move in as the door shut behind her. Sibyl instantly found herself pressed up against the glass wall by the doorway, and in that intimate proximity she saw Lucia's lab coat open, revealing a glimpse of a lacy black negligee underneath. "But I can't do my job without my test subject around, can I?"

Sibyl slid her hands down Lucia's sides, settling them on her rear to pull her even closer. "Mmm... no, I guess not."

With a sultry purr and the smile of anticipation finally rewarded Lucia closed her eyes and pressed her lips against Sibyl's. She instantly injected the kiss with the desire that had been implanted in her since the previous day's surprising coupling. As their tongues lashed she raised a leg, wantonly grinding herself up and down Sibyl's crotch, which was quick to react to those motions. 

"Oh god, I want you so badly Sibyl! I've been in agony waiting."

"I... I'm here now, Lucia." Sibyl could feel that beneath that little black negligee, with its lowest extent hovering around the bottoms of her cheeks, Lucia wore nothing. It was naughtier than anything she'd ever experienced, in all the decades Dr. Schaller had lived. She was quickly growing hard for her.

"Mmh!" Lucia dived back in for another kiss, her hand dipping low to grasp wantingly at Sibyl as she filled out. Rhythmically, she stroked, anxious to have her as hard and huge as the day before. "You didn't wear anything underneath."

"That'd make two of us."

Lucia dropped to her knees and lifted Sibyl's skirt. With a joyful giggle she plunged that semi-hardness into her mouth and resumed those strokes to her pale mid shaft. Sibyl melted against the glass wall, moaning lowly as she grew fully engorged and huge, forcing Lucia to move a few shuffles of her knees further back. Though it was a quiet morning in a calm industrial plaza she feared they would be seen.

"Baby... maybe we should go inside the lab now, away from any prying eyes."

Lucia looked up at her, licking her lips as her hand still slid up and down. "Alright."

Sibyl tossed her skirt back over her cock, tenting it way out in front of her. Casting cautious glances to the street and parking lot outside, they headed for the thick steel door of the lab.

Once inside Lucia shed her lab coat. She untied her hair, and her hazelnut brown tresses fell around her shoulders. The temperature rose one more notch when as a final touch she took off her glasses and set them aside. 

As she took in the fantastic curves of Lucia's fit hourglass figure, as displayed in that transparent black negligee, Sibyl's breath caught in her throat. She'd always known her to be a beautiful young woman, but never had she pictured her to be so seductive. With broad sweeping steps she advanced, practically pouncing upon the hot latina, pinning her to a wall with her bouncy burdens.

Lucia wrapped her arms around Sibyl's neck as once again they deeply kissed. That hardness was hungrily throbbing against her, pressing against her stomach and peaking up into the space between their compacted bosoms.

Without warning Sibyl tore her lips away and roughly spun Lucia. Her gaze was on her lush behind, so round and generous below her trim torso and licentiously displayed with that fringe of black lace. She crouched and, with an indulgent purr, plunged her face against those tempting cheeks. Her cock was throbbing with mad arousal as she squeezed and kneaded them. "Ohhh hoho, baby..."

Lucia gave her hips a shake, and her fantastic booty jiggled and quaked against her face. "Uh-huh. My butt makes you big and hard, doesn't it."

"It really does." She stood again and nestled her shaft against her crack. Anchoring her hands on her thin waist, she slid her length up and down that bodacious canyon with salacious swings of her hips. Her precum was trickling down her shaft, depositing a hot and slippery film between Lucia's cheeks. 

"Mmm... you feel so hot. You big stud!"

Sibyl chuckled and gave her right cheek a slap. As she gazed down at their glistening junction lewd images of her huge cock sliding into Lucia surfaced in her mind. Acting upon that impulse, she stepped back, stopping when the head could be aimed toward her unshielded cleft. She guided it to that tempting destination, stopping just as the tip began to part her lips. Her precum was adding slick moisture to a place already practically dripping from desire.

Lucia retracted her hips and shrunk away from her, taking cover against the wall. "Sibyl, no... you, you might impregnate me."

For a moment Sibyl hesitated, having lost some confidence at that denial. She slowly stepped forward, still meaning to press her case for penetration. "My sperm isn't viable with human ova. You know that."

"Yes, but... but you won't fit. Trust me, I checked. I'm not ready for that... yet."

Sibyl's rate of breath was elevated in her state of heavy arousal as she continued to ogle Lucia's tempting figure. She was disappointed, but she would never do anything to her against her will. "Oh... okay. I guess you're right. But what are you going to do about this, hmm?" As if to underline her point Sibyl lifted her dress up and over her head. She tossed it aside and struck a nude pose in front of her assistant-cum-lover. "Well?"

"I... I'm going to suck it. And stroke it." Lucia stepped away from the wall, her eyes fixed upon the obscene beast of a cock attached to the incredibly beautiful blonde, "and let's not forget why we're here. I'm going to collect plenty of samples."

"Right, yes. Samples... we need those."

Lucia got to her knees, grabbing a beaker off a nearby table as she went. "Uh-huh." With a sultry twist of her neck she tossed some locks of hair out of her face, then promptly began to slide her hand up and down Sibyl's trembling arousal. "God damn, it's so perfect. And so big. Mmmhhh...!" She tilted it up, then planted her tongue at its base, slowly dragging it up her seemingly endless length. As she rose slowly from the ground she gathered the glistening juice of Sibyl's want.

When her lips reached the tip she held them there and rolled the taste of precum around in her mouth, purring at the warm feelings of desire it inspired toward her blonde test subject. To the relief of her tense thighs she returned to a kneel upon the cold laboratory floor, momentarily leaving that huge rod swaying. She caught it and resumed her steady strokes, tightening her grip to milk out her first sample.

"Can we have some of that precum?" She held the beaker beneath the tip as she continued to jerk her throbbing shaft.

"Ngh... I... sure, just keep doing that and I'm sure I could- ...ooohhh!" With a tremble and a spasm of her hips a burst of pre shot out. It filled the beaker halfway.

"Oh my god. That's so hot! Do it again." Lucia began to jerk Sibyl even harder into the beaker.

"Hooo, fuck, okay... Mmmh..." After a few moments of more eagerly administered attention Sibyl produced another throbbing burst of precum. As it filled the beaker further the accumulated amount rose to envelop the tip of her cock with hot, slippery and slightly thin fluid. Another dose would surely have had it overflowing.

"Okay, I think that will do." Lucia set the beaker on a table. "Now I'll put any more of that to an even better use." Still giving those steady strokes she plunged Sibyl deep into her mouth and applied wild lashes of her tongue.

"Oooh, god!"

"Mmmmmh..."

Lucia's attentions were so intense that Sibyl found herself retreating backwards, away from her. Under those conditions she could no longer stand on two feet. Lucia wouldn't let go, keeping pace with her as she moved, and they came to a stop when Sibyl backed up into a lab table. She perched herself on its edge and leaned back.

For a moment she just watched the delicious scene unfold. Her lovely scientist, once seeming so prim and proper, had her eyes adoringly locked with hers as her hands rocketed up and down over a foot of hard cock. The pink head was tucked in her mouth, and any of the slow and steady flow of precum was quickly disappearing down her throat. Sibyl had conquered Lucia easily enough. Somehow she had become a slave to her body, and though it was an inhumanly gifted one there was something stronger about the bond they had formed. Something chemical.

"Do you want my cum?"

Lucia nodded, her eyes going blissfully shut as she continued to eagerly stroke and suck.

"Of course you do. And not just for a sample. You... hunger for it... don't you?"

"Mmmh...! God, yes!"

Sibyl nodded slowly. As she pondered the nature of their relationship she leaned back to rest on her elbows, and her chest jiggled and swayed as she did so. The movement caught her attention, so she lifted one of those round piles and smoothed it through her hand, her fingertips eventually closing around a nipple. She let her head fall back against the hard table, casting blonde locks all across its surface as she let her bodily pleasures engulf her.

The previous day's fun had Lucia well attuned to the bodily signals of Sibyl. She could feel from the way her throbs quickened, and see from how the muscles of her stomach were tightening, that she was nearing release. She removed one of her hands to produce a large Pyrex flask, the tapered mouth of which was just slightly too narrow to allow Sibyl's girth to enter. "Alright... you take over. I'm going to gather this for analysis."

Sibyl was quick to do so as with a low moan she wrung her trembling cock just beneath the head with quick flicks of her forearm. Lucia placed the cold lip of the flask against her glans. 

"Nng... okay, here it comes! Ahhh...!"

Her cock trembled mightily, and soon a thick rope of cream gushed out and bathed the inner walls of the flask. Lucia followed her movements as she began to moan and writhe in ecstasy, keeping the vessel firmly in place as shot after copious shot issued out of her. She could feel the heat of her seed, the increasing weight of it as it filled the vessel. There didn't seem to be any end to her load, and when it looked like she would soon exceed the highest mark on the flask she pulled it away and set it upon the tabletop with a heavy 'clunk'.

Sibyl's release was starting to slow, and those massive ribbons of pearlescent nectar had subsided into more moderate spurts. Lucia wouldn't let any of it go to waste, so she plunged the tip back into her mouth while her hand joined Sibyl's at the base. Sibyl giggled softly, euphorically, and they as one slowly milked the last of it out of her.

When finally it was over Lucia looked up to her, her gaze dreamy and distant as her lips glistened with spunk. Smiling proudly, Sibyl leaned forward and they shared a brief kiss. 

Chapter 11

She intended to visit Faith again later that day. She wondered if her lack of progress with her during their previous meet was in any way caused by the depletion she'd experienced with Lucia - had it killed her 'mojo'? She decided she'd have a well deserved nap, to fully restore her sensual potential and increase her chances of seducing the sweet girl.

Back in her lab coat, Lucia looked down at the sleeping goddess, admiring her milky skinned perfection as she lay wrapped in a cozy red blanket. Her long blonde curls spilled out around her gorgeous head like a solar corona. 

Her feelings for Sibyl had become so intense. She longed to be with her, to be hers, for as long as she would live. Men wouldn't matter to her any more, in fact she had already stopped returning her recent boyfriend's calls.

It had been two hours and the chemical analysis of their most recent set of samples had probably run its course. With her hands in her pockets she slowly strode over to her workstation to view the result.

It only took a trace of Sibyl's substance to run the test, so there really wasn't any need for those beakers to have been so well filled. Nevertheless she glanced at them as she casually headed back to her workstation and chuckled softly: a beaker of transparent precum and a large flask nearly filled with pearly nectar. It was an impressive sight. There wouldn't be any need to put them in cold storage - she looked forward to replacing them with fresh extractions.

She sat in front of the computer and began to look through the long lists of organic compounds the machinery had identified. As she went, a cold feeling began to form in her heart.

Oxytocin. Vasopressin. Estradiol. The hormones of love, arousal and bonding. There was as well a veritable cocktail of potent euphoriant compounds not at all dissimilar to opiates - the habit forming painkillers that kept many a poor soul addicted and on the fringes of society. The list went on and on, and it was becoming clear that the infatuation she felt for Sibyl was basically chemical in nature. To taste her seed was to become hooked on her. To be owned by her.

"My god... that's what this is?" She turned to look across the lab at Sibyl, who was just partially visible to her as she lay asleep beyond some equipment. "Just a chemically induced feeling. And in not much more than twenty four hours you've used it to turn my life upside down."

She felt the coldness of her realization begin to turn to to anger and disappointment. She was a junkie for Sibyl's 'love': chemicals her strange yet wonderful body excreted. 

Impulsively, she got up and paced over to where she lay. She was preparing to tell her that since they'd studied her reproductive system they would be returning to a more professional state of affairs... but as she gazed down at her perfection her heart began to melt.
