 Chapter 16

The next morning Sibyl dashed from her car into the facility, not wanting any prying eyes to see the flirtatious mode of wear she'd chosen. It would surely tarnish the reputation of the lab, should word begin to spread that scantily clad young women were showing up there during business hours. Only Lucia would witness her in that purple fishnet top, her breasts practically bursting from the plainly visible black bra beneath it, while below a black miniskirt teetered on the brink of betraying it all. Knee-high black boots completed the ensemble. At that moment the only thing that could make her feel any sexier would be to take it all off.

Inside the heavy steel door to the lab was hanging open. As she entered she heard the scraping sounds of something dragging against the tiled floor. Lucia was out of her lab coat and bent over a brand new couch, which she was with some difficulty slowly pushing along.

Sibyl approached. She traced her fingertips along the revealed straps of her thong. Lucia bolted upright, startled.

"Oh, shit! ...I didn't hear you coming in." Sweat glinted on her chest from her exertion.

"Sorry. New couch for the lab?"

"It's more than just a couch. It's a futon."

Sibyl smirked. "Oh... so it's a bed."

Lucia nodded, and a playful grin started to form on her face. The lab benches and table tops weren't the most inviting surfaces to carry out their 'sample extractions' upon, so it was very a welcome addition to the facility. "Yup." Her eyes fell down to Sibyl's licentious mode of wear, and she soon traced the tip of her tongue across her lips as she envisioned the pleasures to come.

"Great idea. Where do you want it?"

"Just over there," she said, pointing to an empty spot beside a refrigerator.

With comparative ease Sibyl hooked her fingers under the arm of the couch and strolled over to that area, then adjusted it into position with a few jabs of her foot.

"Thanks. Maybe I should have just waited until you were here to move it."

Sibyl walked over to her and wrapped her arms around her waist, and they smiled at their closeness. "Probably."

"I guess I just wanted to please you..."

"Oh, but you already do that." She stroked some wisps of hazel hair off of Lucia's moist temple, while her other hand rested on the contour of her hip. "Are you wearing different glasses today?"

"Yeah. I was getting headaches from my normal ones. These are a pair I dug out of my parents' attic last night... I must have been twelve when I stopped wearing them. They're a much weaker prescription."

"Hmm. And that feels better?"

"They fit me better - I can see fine through them."

"So you're saying... your vision has changed. It's improved."

Lucia nodded. "Yes. Isn't that fascinating? I'm ninety-eight percent sure this has to do with what we saw under microscope the other day."

"I think so too. And after only a few days of dosage... that's incredibly fast!"

Lucia nodded, though after a moment she began to blush, and a coy look appeared on her face. "The rate of these changes might have to do with the fact that I've put myself on an accelerated regimen," she blurted.

"I'm sorry, what?"

"Let's just say that no sample has gone to waste."

"There's been a lot of samples."

"Mhmm."

A smile crept across Sibyl's lips. The thought of Lucia so willingly embracing her changes was great news to her. It felt right, in a way she didn't yet understand. With a playful little giggle she squeezed her sexy latina lover closer, causing Lucia to shudder with building desire as those abundant divine features crushed up against her slim and tanned body... particularly the ones so weakly restrained by that tiny skirt and the lace panties beneath it.

"Mmmh, Sibyl. I take it this is good news to you."

"Yeah, it is."

Lucia draped her arms over her shoulders and placed some tender kisses on her lips. "It's a little scary though. What am I going to become?"

"Something wonderful. Something only for me... Something you and I will both enjoy experiencing."

"Hm... I think I'm okay with that."

Sibyl took a seat on the couch, her breasts bouncing upon contact, almost escaping the grasp of her bra. She leaned back and crossed one booted leg over the other, so ladylike. With a confident smile and a cocked eyebrow she waited for Lucia to make the next move.

"Oh, what's this? You look like you want a show."

"That would be great."

"I'm a scientist, not a stripper." Despite that Lucia was quite willing to play along, as with a playful grin she carefully removed her glasses and set them aside. She turned around, and the light from outside highlighted the feminine curves of her slender yet shapely physique as she began to undo her jeans. She shimmied out of them with licentious shakes of her hips, revealing her luscious rear and the purple thong that divided it. She slowly bent down, giving a tempting display as she slid those jeans down her legs. 

When she turned to Sibyl she saw her biting down on her bottom lip in lust. That pale leg wasn't crossed over the other anymore, for her cock was bent against itself within the constriction of her panties, demanding space as it created a growing arch beneath the black fabric. Lucia sashayed over to her and seated herself on her lap, straddling the blonde goddess.

Sibyl's pale hands slowly slid up and down the hourglass curves of her sides, eventually finding the lower edge of her tank top, which she lifted up and peeled away. Lucia took them and placed them over her firm moderate breasts, the perfect size to fill her grasp, and held them there as she began to grind herself against her restricted arousal.

"Oh baby, you... mmh." The grip of her panties around that growing length eventually gave way, and with a surge of power and size Sibyl's cock snapped free, stiffly flinging itself out of them and beyond her skirt to press up along Lucia's thong clad crotch.

Lucia purred with surprise and delight. Looking down, she saw her love at full hardness and felt her throbbing against her. She ground herself against it, loving the friction as she grew wet and wanting.

"Oh god, this is so... oh god," Sibyl breathed. With her wonderful body clad in only that naughty little thong Lucia was driving her into a frenzy. She wrapped her arms around her waist and moved against those grinds, creating more delicious action between her midshaft and Lucia's barely shielded cleft.

Lucia rose off of her lap and shifted herself closer, and that shaft rose with her, lining its top surface up with the crease of her behind. She began to drag herself up and down against it, eliciting Sibyl's throbs of wanton arousal. Hot precum was beginning to trickle down to her sac.

"I know how to turn you on."

Sibyl nodded, looking pained from the tension she felt and the restraint she was showing.

Lucia reached behind herself to hold Sibyl's cock more firmly against her, and those cheeks grasped and stroked her many inches as she moved. The blonde groaned her agony as a gush of precum burst forth, wetting her arm. Lucia let the hot fluid drip off of her as she began to stroke it onto the slickening surface. It joined her wet arousal, which had by then totally inundated her thong. "Well, you turn me on. You're all I think about, all I want. I need you."

"Then maybe it's time..."

"What do you mean?"

"It's time we to take this to the next level." Sibyl effortlessly ripped that thong away from Lucia's body. Grasping her by her hips, she lifted her up slowly, higher and higher, and her cock was sliding against her naked cheeks until finally it was free to swing into the space below her.

Lucia was stunned. "What are you...!? No way!" She set her feet down at each side of Sibyl's seated body, preparing to launch herself away to safety. She was staring down at that swaying rod, knowing and fearing what she wanted to do next... yet she was reluctant to leave. She'd always known she would eventually try it, but was sure there was no way it would be possible. She dreaded how that hard girth would feel, and was terrified of what those fourteen rigid inches could do to her... but if she could take it unharmed, she couldn't dream of anything she'd like more.

"Yes Lucia. You're ready, I just know it." Sibyl's gaze was on her cock, which throbbed madly as she fought the urge to thrust it up into Lucia's hovering nether. "I can feel it, in my heart. It's an instinct. Your vision isn't the only thing about you that's changing, in fact it's just the beginning. You're becoming my lover. Just say yes..."

"Say yes?"

Sibyl lowered her slightly, and the heat of that pink tip found her lips and parted them. She was poised for entry.

"If it hurts you we'll stop. Say yes."

"Oh Sibyl," she whispered. After a hesitant moment she assented: "Okay... yes!"

As if releasing a baby bird as it takes its first flight Sibyl slowly let go, letting Lucia be the one to commence her descent. She dipped down and exhaled a sound of surprise when the first few slick inches entered her. "God, it's like I'm a virgin again!"

"Am I hurting you?"

"Maybe a little, but..." Lucia shook her hips, easing some more hard shaft into herself. "Oh Sibyl..."

"Mmmm..." With only a fraction of herself buried she was still fighting the urge to thrust up into her. "Keep going."

"I... I can't."

"Yes, you can." Sibyl gently pushed her hips up, and more of herself sank tightly inside. When she set her rear back down on the couch Lucia came down with her, as if skewered.

"Oh my god."

Sibyl began to rock her hips, moving what amount of her had been buried in and out in gentle movements. The sensations this produced made Lucia gasp, and she fell forward onto her helplessly. Incremental amounts of Sibyl were pushing theirselves deeper into her with each little pass, and Lucia's body was learning to accept the size of what she was wielding. Soon two thirds of her were buried, filling her more deeply and more tightly than she had ever felt before.

Lucia rose up, almost fully dismounting, then came back down. Her body welcomed Sibyl back inside, and as one they released a breathy moan. "Oh Sibyl... I love it! This is unbelievable!"

"I knew it. We can have this now... we can make love."

"Oh yes, yes... god it feels so good!" Lucia was soon athletically climbing and descending her turgid pole. Sibyl leaned back, content to watch for a moment as one of her loves took pleasure from her gifted body. Unlike Lucia she was still yet to undress, so before she could grow hot she pulled off her purple mesh top, then reached behind her back to unclasp her bra. Once her upper body was properly bared she reached out to help guide her companion on that repeat trip up and down. With each insertion some four or five inches were still open to the air, but it was more than enough to satisfy her.

"Do you think you can cum like this?"

"Ah, oh, god... I know I can!"

That was something Sibyl wanted to see. She began to drive up into each pass, adding power to the proceedings. Lucia wailed out her pleasure, and her movements became wild. It was only moments until she became still, and with that huge cock burning deep within her she came, hard.

"Holy... holy shit..."

"Oh Lucia... I can feel it. Are you okay?"

"That was amazing... oh god." She gave a couple more rocking motions of her hips: "oh, god!"

Sibyl traced little kisses all along Lucia's sweat-slicked forehead. She was glad their sex was turning out so well, but as far as she was concerned it had only just begun. Their lips found each other just a moment before Sibyl rose from her seat, and with her cock still mostly buried she set Lucia down on her back. 

"C-careful Sibyl!"

"Shhh," she hushed, silencing her with a slender fingertip over her lips. She speared herself deep into Lucia's post-orgasmic body.

"Ahhh!"

Shedding her moderation, she began to follow the muse of her bodily urges. She was soon wildly rutting with her, eliciting their united cries of animal delight.

"Sibyl! You're so fucking big!"

"This is it Lucia... no one could ever compare to this," Sibyl said lowly, spacing her words out between thrusts. "Our sex is beyond the limitations of mankind... because you're mine."

For a moment Lucia felt fear. What had awakened from within Dr. Schaller's laboratory? Sibyl was inhumanly perfect and brutally potent, a goddess of a being whose motivation, whose guiding purpose, was sex. She had made her a slave to her body. As that flawless monster phallus wrathfully surged in and out of her she stared, as if entranced by the humbling sight of her round oversized breasts rhythmically jumping against her chest with each lengthy push. She cried out as she entered a climax more intense than the previous: "Yes, yes! I'm yours!"

"Oh Lucia, oh babe!" Sibyl was growing tense as the threat of release approached. Her girth felt slightly greater, and her hardness even more impliable. The stabs of her massive cock were reaching a dangerous level of force, but Lucia offered no complaint. "I'm... I'm going to give it to you..."

"Yes! Yes, give me your cum!"

"Ahhh!" Sibyl thrusted her self deep, and though her body became still her cock was anything but motionless. It throbbed mightily, and Lucia felt the hot bursts of goddess nectar bathing her from within, entering her core while simultaneously blasting out onto their thighs.

A shudder ran through Sibyl's body as she emptied herself into her worshipper. After a few moments of deep bliss she pulled herself out and brought that throttling, spurting length to point at Lucia's lips. The young woman was too stunned to respond with anything more than a whimper and a submissively opened mouth. Sibyl stroked the last of her climax into that waiting cavity, painting her cheeks and neck in the process. "Oooh... babe... I knew it," she whispered. "I knew we could have this."

"Mmmh..." Lucia's eyes shut and rolled blissfully back as she, having regained enough strength, began to run a hand up and down Sibyl's orgasmic hardness. She adoringly tongued and slurped the tense, searing tip.

"And this is just the start. Soon we will be the same. You and I... we will be divine."

Lucia was frightened yet exhilarated, more so than ever before. Her soul was on fire. She nodded her agreement slowly, silently, as she continued to stroke that mighty drooling tool, feeling more in love with Sibyl than ever before.

Chapter 17

His girlfriend's reaction to his offer wasn't anything like he'd expected, but Jeff wasn't going to press his case with her. In the end it he didn't prefer either option over the other.. after all, "work" late at night wasn't quite what it was alleged be. 

"Shit, man. I thought you were going to take a break from the game."

"Naw. This losing streak's got to end sometime."

"Can you even afford another flop?"

"Don't worry about it bro."

His friend stepped back, letting him into the basement apartment. "Alright. We'll go easy on ya. Brewski?"

"For sure."

Jeff twisted the cap off his beer and took his usual seat. Unbeknownst to Faith, his nightly time away from her was often spent around that smoky table, not in the kitchen. It was poker night with his friends, and while that made him a liar it didn't usually mean he wasn't bringing home any money. Nevertheless the stakes were getting higher and higher, and a string of losses had him convinced he should take some time away from the game. That was, until Faith insisted he keep going to work.

"Alright. Let me just shuffle the deck..."

"Didn't you say your girlfriend would want you back at home?"

"Yeah, I thought so. But not so much apparently. She told me to just keep working."

"Wait, what? You call this work?"

"Naw bro, Jeff tells his girlfriend he's at work when he's playing poker."

"Shit. But we do this every day."

"Haha, I know."

"She's pretty clueless," Jeff said quietly. "Anyway, she has this new friend now so she doesn't even care that I'm spending time away from her."

"I can't believe you. You don't know what you have with her."

"Oh god, here we go again..."

Jeff leaned back in his chair, looking across the table at one of his friends with a weary expression.

"A girl like her is one in a million. You should be grateful! Do you know how rare a girl who looks like that is, while not being totally insane? Or stupid?"

He sighed, "yeah, I've heard that already. Whatever dude..."

"She's always giggling and smiling, like a cute little girl in a sexy woman's body."

"Yet she's the one who does their taxes!"

One of Jeff's closer friends chimed in at his defense, " well you know what they say. For every beautiful woman, there's a man who's tired of fucking her. Or uh, well, I probably didn't say it right... I fold."

"So this new friend of hers... is it a dude?"

"Naw. It's a chick."

"Oh. Is she hot?"

Jeff dropped his hand face down on the table. "Bro... she's so fucking hot. It's unbelievable. I can't stand it."

"Shit. You gotta... you gotta introduce us to her hot friend."

"Naw, I dunno man. She gives me the willies. I don't know what it is, but I don't like being around her." Nor did he like what he thought he saw them doing in the dark, during the power out. Were his eyes deceiving him? He'd definitely had a bit to drink that night, and maybe even a bit to smoke. He wasn't sure what was going on, but Faith did seem to have taken a very strong liking to her.

"What's she like?"

"Blonde. Thin. Big, round fucking tits. A face like a model. And she drives this awesome red Challenger."

"Dude... How can you not like being around that?"

Jeff shrugged. "Ehh. Yeah. I dunno. But it's... it's really convenient." He dropped a five dollar bill into the pot, then began to pensively play with the stubble on his chin. "She keeps Faith tied up, so I can play my game."

"Yeah... yeah, that's cool."

"You bet it is."

Yet deep down Jeff wasn't so sure. Maybe his friend was right; had he forgotten how precious Faith really was? There was no denying that their relationship had slowed down in recent years. At times it seemed like they were just roommates, and his lies and idle habits were doing nothing to change that. Instead, things were beginning to change on their own, seemingly out of the blue. It surely had something to do with Sibyl.

***

She pulled up beside the nondescript urban building and killed the power to the motor. Looking up into the darkness, there was light coming out of the second floor window, punctuated by the occasional flash of photography.

Faith's photoshoot was running late. It was twenty boring minutes later when finally she walked outside, but the wait was well worth it - she looked absolutely breathtaking. She wore a tiny red dress which clung to her every petite yet womanly curve, while her hair was done up high and elegant. Her makeup gave her a sexy grown up look, which was quickly contrasted by her eager grin and childlike chirp of a voice.

"Hi Sibyl!"

"Hey you."

"Wow, your car is so cool! Thanks for coming to pick me up."

"No problem Faith." She wrapped her fingers around the ignition. "So... where to? Your place?"

"No, I think Jeff will be done work soon. I want us to have more time than that. How about yours?"

"Ah-uhm, no," Sibyl fumbled. Faith had visited Dr. Schaller's house once, and she didn't want her to know about the connection between herself and the deceased doctor, whose house she dwelled within. "My place is a mess."

"Okay," Faith said. "Oh. I know a great place! I'll lead us there..."

After a short drive through the nighttime city they were climbing in elevation, winding along the cliffside road that overlooked the metropolis below.

"Turn over here, off the road into that spot."
