 Chapter 21

"Why are you crying?"

"Jeff and I just broke up."

"Oh... I'm so sorry, babe."

"No, don't be. We should have done it a while ago, but we were avoiding it." She let go of her suitcase and poutingly held gaze with Sibyl. For her she had developed feelings stronger than any she'd ever had for her now ex-boyfriend.

"Okay sweetie. Let's talk about it more in the car. We need to get moving." Sibyl opened the trunk and effortlessly lifted the heavy and overstuffed suitcase inside, then slammed it shut and headed for the driver's side door. 

Lucia got out of the passenger side and lowered her chair, giving Faith access to the back seat, and in doing so saw the state her orange haired friend was in. "Oh dear..."

Though it was a coupe Sibyl's Challenger was a fortress of a car, and there was plenty of room for her in the back. She picked up Brad and wiped her tears off in his fur, then hugged him against her chest. She began to smile slightly, feeling comforted by his warm little body.

With the three of them packed in for the long ride they were ready to leave. Sibyl activated the motor and steered towards the highway. "So, what happened?"

"Jeff was home when I came in to get my things. I was going to explain why I was leaving, but he didn't care about hearing it. He said he knew that we were up to something, and that he would never be able to please me like you do, so that was it."

"I see," Sibyl said. Guilt for what she'd done began to weigh upon her mind. She couldn't help what had happened to them -- from the moment she awoke in her new body her prime directive had been to seduce Lucia and Faith, no matter what prior relationships they had in place. There was no denying that her actions had been selfish, but the drive to carry them out was unshakeable, an instinct that influenced her every doing. "Was he upset?"

"He wasn't really... he was just very weird. He seemed tired. He didn't show any emotion at all." Faith sniffed. "I don't think he was that sad."

"Well, I hope not. I'd hate to think we've caused him much pain."

"Yes. But like I said, we've been needing to break up for a while, so this is good."

"Alright Faithey. I'll take your word for it."

***

They'd been driving down the interstate for hours and were far out into the countryside, leaving the temperate climate of their home for the endless arid fields of the rural west. The sky was lit with the pink and orange hues of a fabulous sunset. 

Lucia glanced at the backseat, where Faith was fast asleep. Her prettily manicured fingers were weaved through Brad's fur as he in her lap calmly stared out the window. She chuckled at the adorable sight of them and then turned to look at Sibyl.

Unlike her two worshippers, who were slumming it in t-shirts and jeans, Sibyl had dressed smart yet smutty in a nicely fitted black blazer, which was open to reveal a black tube top that bared plenty of cleavage and her toned stomach. Below she wore a black skirt, the sight of which tempted Lucia with devious thoughts of the prodigious delights hidden beneath. She reached out and stroked a hand along her pale thigh.

Sibyl glanced at her and saw the hungry look in her eye, and while chuckling softly caught her hand before it ventured too far north. She raised it to her lips and kissed her fingertips, causing Lucia to smile slightly and blush. Their hands, lovingly head together, dropped down by the gear shift as Sibyl refocused her attention on the road ahead.

This has been the most unbelievable week of my life. Everything is different now... I've left almost all my things behind, and my body is changing. I don't know if I'll ever see my home again, but as long as I'm with Sibyl I don't care.

Chapter 22

"Jeff?"

He lowered his tongs and turned his back to the grill.

"Jeff, I'd like to have a word with you. Come see me in my office."

"Sure thing, Janine." With the same burdened steps he'd walked for the entire first hour of his shift he followed her out of the noisy kitchen.

"Take a seat. But shut the door, first. Now Jeff, it's Friday night and you're working the busiest station in the kitchen. The dinner rush is about to hit us and I want things to run smooth until close, so I need you to be at the top of your game."

Jeff nodded numbly. After the shocking things he'd seen that morning and the bonds that were cut later that afternoon, he was in a limbo of confused thoughts and deadened emotions. At that moment he was barely hearing the kitchen manager's words. His eyes came to a focus on her generous mature cleavage as it peeked out of her low cut top. 

"Yet you clearly aren't. Wake up, boy! I'm up here." She snapped her fingers in his face. "You've been in a daze since the moment you got here."

Jeff sat up straight. "Uh, sorry Janine."

"That's better. Now don't ask me how, but I've caught word of your little... domestic situation. You and your lovely little girlfriend broke up today, and that's causing your lack of energy, isn't it?"

Janine wasn't known for taking interest in the personal lives of the back-of-house. She must have overheard conversation between him and the other cooks. "Uh, yeah, basically. I guess."

"Alright, honey. Now, I'm going to be a little forward with you... A little unprofessional, in fact. And very direct." She leaned forward over her desk, and her generous bosom squeezed against the wood, making a tempting display that created anxiety in Jeff's mind. "Don't think I don't realize the way you and the other line cooks look at me. Hell, I welcome it. A woman likes to feel appreciated. And don't you think I can't hear what you're saying, either. I can hear everything over here."

Jeff gulped. To him and the other back-of-house crew, Janine was a bit of a legend. She was a grade-A cougar, a MILF, who was known to chew up and spit out young men once she'd had a few drinks. "Okay, Janine, I'm sorry if we've been... I guess I could talk to the guys about their-"

"Oh shush, boy." She got out of her chair and opened a drawer, from which she took out a bottle of brandy and two glasses. She sashayed around the desk and sat on its edge, close enough that her legs were touching his arm. Her skirt was a bit short, and in that pose it didn't hide much. She poured herself a glass. "Lucky for you, you're my favourite. Let's make a little deal, okay honey? How about you perk up and keep the steaks rolling out of my kitchen. If things go smoothly, you can come see me in my office after close. I'll be waiting for you with this bottle of brandy." She leaned forward, giving him an intoxicating whiff of her perfume and a titillating view of what lay within her blouse. She whispered in his ear: "and then, we'll just see what happens." She tilted his face up to hers with a predatorily taloned finger, "okay?"

Jeff couldn't believe it. He didn't know how to act. One wrong move could spell unemployment, yet somehow that made the situation even more exciting. "Uh, s-sure Janine. I'll see what I can do."

She chuckled. "Alright. Now get your cute little butt out there."

Maybe being single wasn't going to be so bad.

Chapter 23

"I'm sorry about this, but this is as good as it gets out here." Sibyl unlocked the motel room door and stepped inside. As her human companions followed her in she dropped their suitcases by the bed and tossed her car keys upon a table. 

"It's your general roadside motel. I didn't expect much more." Lucia flicked on a bedside lamp and laid herself out on the springy old mattress. She groaned with relief. "Plus, at this point I could sleep on a rock."

Faith set Brad on the ground once the door was shut. "Yeah. Anything is better than the back of your car!"

Sibyl chuckled and shrugged out of her blazer, which she neatly set on the back of a chair. "Just don't inspect any surfaces too closely. You might not like what you see."

"How about I inspect you, instead?" Faith hopped and bounced over to Sibyl and slid her hands around her bare midriff. With a gleeful grin she leaned in for a kiss.

"Oooh, babe... I was hoping you'd say that!"

With another sore groan Lucia rolled away from them, feeling she'd prefer a good rest over another three-way romp. In a vain attempt to block out their giggles and the lip smacking sounds of their kisses she took a spare pillow and crushed it over her ear. Unlike Faith she hadn't spent the majority of the car ride asleep, and it was time to shut her eyes.

"You always dress sexy Sibyl. Is it for us or do you just like to show off?"

"I like to embrace the gifts I've been given. It makes for easy access too, doesn't it?"

"Mmmh, yes... Teeheehee!"

That pillow did nothing to shield her from them, and the sounds of their play were getting on her nerves. She crushed it closer to her ear and shifted to the far side of the bed. 

Faith's eager hands had Sibyl backing away and falling into a chair, and that which Lucia had been so quietly fixated on in the car had grown enough to lie on the seat between her spread thighs, beyond the hem of her skirt. Faith pulled off her tee shirt and sat facing her in her lap, straddling her as she seeked a deeper kiss. 

As their lips locked Sibyl undid Faith's bra and let it fall down her arms. She filled her hands with her firm and nicely sized breasts, giving indulgent kneads that had the excited girl giggling against her lips. In return Faith slipped her hands up the front of Sibyl's tube top and sank her fingers into her over proportioned roundness, leading the stretchy material to slip up and off of its burdens.

She lifted them up and crushed them against her own. "Ooh. Milkshake!" Sibyl burst into laughter as Faith twisted from side to side, sloshing their breasts against each other in a display that could turn the most saintly of men to sin. 

With a grumpy noise Lucia twisted onto her other side and watched them through half lidded eyes. She still intended to sleep but their boisterous noise had caught her curiosity. She regretted looking, because as they transitioned from play to passionate tongue kisses the sight of Sibyl growing hard against Faith's bottom was like a trigger to her desires. She soon felt moist want within her jeans, ensuring that she wouldn't be sleeping so soon.

"You silly girlie," Sibyl said. "How's Lucia going to sleep with us playing around like this?"

"Oh, is she trying to?" Faith turned to her, cupping her hands over her chest. "Sorry, I didn't notice!"

Lucia sat up and started to peel out of her t-shirt. "Not any more. Carry on... In fact I might join if I feel up to it."

Sibyl chuckled, knowing full well that she wouldn't be able to resist. She got out of her chair, lifting a topless grinning Faith with her, who she set down on the bed beside Lucia. They watched as she fully removed her tube top and tossed it aside, then crouched to lay her huge erection against her thigh so she could shimmy out of her skirt. Her sinuous movements had them practically hypnotized. Naked and aroused, she stood proudly before them. "What is this, a commercial for Levi's? Both of you, get out of those jeans!"

Obediently, they did exactly that. As she inspected the pleasing sight of her two worshippers she noted how much more initiative Faith had shown, for her panties were lying in the crumpled pile of denim as well. That was reason enough to choose her first, so she sat down in her lap, causing the girl to squeak with shocked delight as over a foot of cock smacked stiffly into place between her breasts.

Faith was smiling with girlish glee as she looked up at her. She wrapped her fingers around the base of her shaft and began to slowly stroke, and the stimulus had Sibyl pressing harder and hotter against her sternum. The blonde goddess leaned back slightly and placed her hands over Faith's knees for support, then slowly pushed her hips upwards.

Lucia didn't notice her own fingers creeping toward her panties, which were quickly becoming soaked as she watched in silent jealousy. She felt suspense for Faith, who turned her gaze down so her plump pink lips could receive the head of that cock. Sibyl was taking her sweet time, revelling in the tension she created. She eventually stopped an inch short of her destination and gave a teasing wiggle of her hips.

Faith sighed a high tone of frustration as she succumbed to those teases, dipping down to take her into her mouth. The moment she had done so Lucia realized where her fingers had gone and, nonplussed, pushed the crotch of her panties aside and began to play with herself. Watching Faith gulp at the the tip while sliding her delicate hand up and down that length, so enormous that Sibyl only had to hold herself slightly above her lap for her to do so, was getting her even hotter.

Sibyl slowly shifted forward, guiding Faith to lie on her back. Soon she was hovering over her belly while the beautiful young lady moaningly continued to lavish lustful attention upon her endowment. Faith's other hand joined her first, and with a firmer touch she began to guide the trickle of hot precum down her eager throat.

Lucia got up on her knees and wrapped an arm around Sibyl's waist, and they joined lips in a messy kiss. She lifted one of Sibyl's breasts and gently kneaded and squished the round flesh against her slim chest, admiring how that shapely abundance overflowed from her hand. Having seen where Lucia's fingers had been a moment before, Sibyl slipped a couple of her own into her panties to tease her clit. Lucia giggled softly against her lips while her hips were spurred into motion by that naughty touch.

After a few moments Lucia pulled away from her teasing fingers. She'd had enough of that taunting caress, that appetizer, and was hungry for the main course. With sexy swishes of her hips she took a position above Faith, slipping her panties off as she went. On her hands and knees she presented her lush and curvacious rear to Sibyl, offering it in place of the girl's mouth.

Sibyl slapped her hands down on that remarkable booty, and as she squeezed and spread her cheeks her excitement had a burst of eager pre flooding Faith's mouth. She slid her right hand around and then below Lucia and hooked her middle finger up into her wet slit, giving it a probing wiggle. "Are we ready to share, Faithey?" 

As Faith swallowed that aroused outburst she gave her concluding sucks, understanding that Sibyl was poised to make her next move into Lucia. "Yes," she whispered, as she, still stroking with one hand, guided Sibyl's cock up away from her face and towards its waiting destination. Lucia purred with delight once that hot hardness lay against her. She had to push back as Sibyl began to enter her, for her girth was exerting a force on her body that would otherwise have her sliding along the mattress and into the headboard.

Sibyl eased herself in with little wiggles of her hips, seeking to bury herself to the fullest extent possible. With at least two thirds of herself hidden away she took Lucia by the hips and began to slowly withdraw until just the head was buried. Faith reached up to work her unsheathed extent, and Sibyl didn't make her second push until those strokes coaxed a hot blast of pre into Lucia's tight confines.

That added lubrication let Sibyl slide herself back in with greater ease, and the excess was squelchingly displaced, causing it to fall from Lucia's crease onto Faith's chin. The girl gratefully lapped it up, then after a thoughtful moment tilted her face up to trail her tongue along Lucia's lower lips, catching more of that precious fluid. The light tickle of Faith's tongue contrasted to Sibyl's huge penetrating presence had Lucia moaning deeply. 

Sibyl began to pick up the pace, steadily yet slowly feeding herself in and out of the kneeling latina. Faith cupped her hand around that stretched entrance, ensuring that her every extensive inch be pleasured as she speared Lucia's deepest. Meanwhile her licks had come to a focus on Lucia's clit.

"Oh fuck, god yes... ahhh...!" Lucia was quickly being pushed over the top by those monstrous penetrations, with Faith's efforts below her giving no minor contribution. As the centre of attention on that cheap motel room bed she was quickly nearing climax. Sensing that, Sibyl took the rate of her thrusts up a notch.

As soon as she felt Lucia climax Sibyl drove herself in deep and stirred her from within, ravaging her most sensitive regions. Faith meanwhile had initiated a flurry of licks and sucks to Lucia's clit, adding a maddening dimension of pleasure to her orgasm. She dutifully jerked Sibyl off into Lucia as she fluttered around her girth, screaming her pleasure.

Lucia was running out of breath and was silently writhing, no longer able to cry out her ecstasy. The decreasing levels of oxygen in her brain had her vision turning to fuzz as they continued to mercilessly prolong her climax. Eventually she had to lurch away from them, escaping their grasp to lie subdued on the mattress, where she could finally breathe. "Oh my... oh my fuck... that was too much. That was amazing..."

Sibyl chuckled softly, gloating over what they'd done. Faith on the other hand was still fully on task, and she directed that hungry monster back to her mouth. With both hands she twisted and stroked the full length, giving sweet little moans of infatuation for what she held.

"Oooh, baby... that's a good girl. Do you want me to fuck you, like I did with Lucia?"

Faith nodded quickly. 

"If you keep drinking me down you'll be able to. That's what Lucia did, and look at her now." They heard a languid, lazy giggle from across the bed. "Until then I'll never be able to fit in your pretty little pussy."

The girl's lips smacked as she pulled them away from the taut pink head. "Oh Sibyl... I want that!"

"Just imagine," the goddess said. She brought herself low, laying the slickened underside of her cock against Faith's little slit, "imagine how fun that'd be." Like a violinist bowing her strings she slid her shaft up and down against Faith's petals, which seemed to kiss its surface with welcoming moisture. The girl held it against herself and moved in time with her. She squealed out her torment, aiming her undulations to brush her clit against her heat, feeling desperate for that throbbing hugeness to enter her. 

Sibyl leaned in and passionately kissed her lips. Her strokes had the end of her cock rising and falling beneath their chins, and eventually she carried through with one of her upstrokes, pulling out of the kiss to smoothly return it to her mouth. As one they began to give concluding tugs, with Faith's and one of Sibyl's hands easily finding room to work those fourteen inches as they approached eruption. With her free hand Sibyl held Faith's head in place, where she willingly gulped and clucked at the end of her massive dick.

"Baby... It's coming, get ready."

Faith nodded, fully aware of the fact by the way her girth pounded and swelled within her grip.

"Mmh, babe... ooh, yes!"

Faith inhaled sharply as soon as she felt the first hard throb of orgasm, a necessary deep breath during the fleeting splitsecond delay as it rushed up toward her mouth. As soon as her cock started to spurt Sibyl cried out with joyful ecstasy and rose off of Faith's lap to writhe above her in an involuntary dance of bliss. Faith drank down deep draws of it, letting the thick nectar of her goddess fill her. She wanted to change, to be like Lucia. Ever more slopped off of her chin onto her breasts and her little tummy.

Lucia chuckled softly, for once content to simply watch as their goddess unloaded. It was an astounding, primal sight. Eventually, when she saw Sibyl's climax begin to wane, she rose to all fours and slowly prowled towards them.

With her belly filled to the brim Faith fell back onto her elbows, leaving Sibyl swaying and dripping as a few errant final spurts issued out. Lucia took her in her hand and milked the last of it into her mouth with a vigour that made the goddess groan and curl forward in post-orgasmic overstimulation. Lucia just giggled, sadistic in her amusement at her discomfort.
