 Chapter 29

She sat on her couch, looking leisurefully divine in a flowing sundress. The mid-afternoon light shone in through the window onto her legs, which she pulled up against herself to give Brad a place to nestle. She stroked her fingertips along the little space between his ears, enjoying the feel of his velvety fur.

How could she have left me so easily?

It had been months since Lucia chose to stay with the goddesses at Astro-X, but knowing that she had lost her to them still weighed heavily upon Sibyl's heart. Lucia had told her that she loved her, that she was the centre of her life... and then in the blink of an eye their tie had been severed.

From a logical standpoint it made perfect sense. Early into their relationship they'd learned that the powerful feelings Sibyl instilled in her human companions was a biochemical reaction, spurred by their contact with and consumption of her ponderous and prodigious seed. The nectar of goddesses was addictive, and to taste it was to fall in love. It followed then that the other goddesses they had met at the Astro-X compound could do just the same. From the looks she'd seen her Lucia share with them before she left, there was no doubting that they already had, and in doing so had undone the exclusive bonds between she and herself.

But the feelings Sibyl had for Lucia were very real. She'd always loved her, always wanted her, long before she'd taken her new form as a goddess. Sibyl's heart was broken.

The front door opened and in strode Faith, bringing with her her refreshingly youthful energy. "Hi Sibyl," she sang.

Brad shot off the couch and ran to her feet, where he with a rapidly wagging tail placed his forepaws against her legs as he looked upwards. 

"Ooh, hello big boy!" She picked up the little mutt and gave him a few loving cuddles before placing him back on the ground. Smiling contentedly, she returned her gaze to Sibyl and began to approach. "How are you doing?" Her tone had softened as she neared, for the hurt in Sibyl's eyes was well visible.

"Oh, I'm alright. Much better now that you're here."

Faith sat herself down against her and clutched her arm. "Are you still feeling sad about Lucia?"

Sibyl nodded.

She leaned in closer, offering a sweet kiss. Sibyl took one, and began to smile softly. "Mm... babe. But I do still have you... My angel."

"I love you Sibyl. You can count on me to be here for you."

Sibyl's hand slid down into the crook above Faith's waist, where her fingers graced her slim figure through her t-shirt before pulling her closer still. "And I love you too, baby... I'm so glad to have you."

Faith's childlike smile of delight grew. "And I love that you keep appreciating me! Unlike my old boyfriend."

Sibyl chuckled. How could she ever stop appreciating her, when with every day Faith's beauty was increasing? Her divine influence was bringing forth changes in her body, and by that time in their relationship it was definitely showing. The achingly attractive developments to her figure had seen Faith gaining more attention as a model, leading to higher profile opportunities in - to her chagrin - progressively sexier settings. She no longer needed her job at the lab. It wouldn't be long until Faith Summers became a household name.

"I have just the thing to make you feel better," the beauteous young lady said. She shifted to straddle Sibyl's lap and hold herself intimately close. "A little something I picked up at the mall today... Would you like to see?"

Sibyl glanced to the front door, where sat a pink and black bag from the very same lingerie store she had once despoiled (or graced, depending on one's perspective) during her earliest days as a goddess. "Oh, babe. I would very much like that."

"Okaay," she sang. She rose off of Sibyl's lap and skipped to the doorway, where she grabbed the little bag. "I'll be right back!"

***

Staring down into the rich dark brown of her cup of coffee, Lucia began to drift off. It was a mid-week mid-afternoon, and as she waited for a chemical analysis to finish her concentration was beginning to waver. No bother - when the process was complete an alert would chime, informing her whether or not that particular batch of Aerotian genetic samples, one of dozens, was viable for her use. She could afford to spend some time with her thoughts, which lingered dreamily on the experiences she'd recently had on those strange Mediterranean islands.

Despite the dullness of the moment she hadn't grown complacent at Astro-X. Far from it - Lucia absolutely loved her new life. The work she and Alene did was ground breaking, with almost every other day promising a new discovery. And every day promised pleasures, pleasures exceeding those any normal woman could handle.

The sisters loved to play with her. She, a beautiful and slightly exotic woman living amongst them as a near equal, had no shortage of attention from any of them, which she relished. Her body was developing faster than ever, reclaiming what little youth it had lost and resolving whatever few imperfections it bore, while gaining divine characteristics that propelled her sex appeal well above that of the general populace. Very soon, she would cease to remain human.

Occasionally though, there would be the sour reminder of what she had left behind. Though the spell of her love for Sibyl had been lifted by the careless urges of the other goddesses, she felt terrible guilt for how deeply she must have hurt her. At that moment she started to wonder what she and Faith could be up to...

***

"This one is called 'Purr Girl'. Isn't it funny?"

Sibyl's jaw dropped. At the top of the stairway stood Faith, who was dressed in the most ridiculous, most provocative thing she had yet brought home. "Uh... wow."

She giggled and started to make her way down the stairs. Her knee high stiletto heeled boots ensured that she would proceed slowly, and as each step clicked against the hardwood her hips were spurred into a licentious sway. Above that she wore a tiny pink skirt, so short that the bottom creases of her behind could be seen when the attached fur tail swung the right way. Her breasts, which had seen so much growth over the months, were quivering and threatening to come free from the stringy straps and undersized patches of her matching bra. They were nearing Sibyl's in size, and like hers were quite resistant to gravity's pull. She had tied her hair up and pinned it down with the final piece of her outfit, a headband with cute pink cat ears. "Do you like it?"

Sibyl chose not to answer, instead getting up to meet her at the bottom of the stairs. Already the shape of her growing lust could be seen swinging within her sundress, and her eyes spoke hungry volumes.

"Oh, I knew you would! You're so weird!"

As they arrived together Sibyl scooped her up, squeezing the twin handfuls of her luscious little rear as her bosom came up to cradle her chin. Faith giggled and squealed, wrapping her booted legs around her goddess' body and her arms around her neck. Her cat tail swung below as Sibyl paced back to the couch.

She dumped Faith onto the soft cushions, dropping down with her, and they immediately began to kiss with a growing excitement. Faith sighed a high tone of lust as she felt the hardening monster within Sibyl's dress rising against her thigh. She couldn't help but wrap a hand around it and stroke it through the thin material.

It took only moments more for Sibyl's huge tool to reach its fullest state. She was rocking her hips into each rub, feeling an animal urge to ravage the sexy little tart beneath her. Not wanting the inevitable flow of pre to soil her dress, she backed out of the kiss and flipped it up and off of herself. 

"Mmmh," Faith purred, licking her lips as she beheld her goddess fully revealed. She again filled her hand with her hardness, and with her eyes eagerly fixed on it resumed her strokes. Sibyl shifted upwards, sending the end of it toward Faith's lips. Her timing couldn't have been better, for the first gleaming jewel of pre was about to fall. Instead it met Faith's tongue, which unhesitatingly lapped it up and with repeated lashes urged on more.

Sibyl lovingly set her hand on the side of Faith's head, and with a great deal of restraint simply stroked her hair and delicate cheek as she gazed down at her rare beauty. She was so exceptional, and blossoming into such an incredible woman. Seeing her suck her immense cock in that sweet and sexy little getup made her want to thrust herself home and explode within her.

A throbbing burst met Faith's tongue. She swallowed it and purred softly as she pulled her mouth away and looked up to Sibyl, running her tongue across her lips. Foreplay was over; it was time for she and her goddess to mate.

As Sibyl stepped back Faith spread her legs, and her skirt rose its few inches up her hips to reveal her precious little sex. Sibyl lined herself up with it and let her tip spread her open slightly.

"Mmm... Sibyl, fuck me!"

"No, not just yet, baby," Sibyl breathed. 

Faith produced a high note of frustration as she reached down and inwardly tugged, trying to pull Sibyl's cock into her. When that failed she began to vigorously stroke it. Sibyl released a shuddering exhale, and her hands took hold of Faith's slender booted legs, further poising her to begin.

Her hips were twitching from the agony of anticipation as she hung on the cusp of entry. She held back still, until, "ahhhhnn...!" Faith's strokes caused pleasureful throbs of pre to jet into and against her eager little slit. With that glistening lubrication injected and dripping down Sibyl pushed forward, and the ripened little kitten's body slowly opened up to her.

"Oooh yes, god I love your huge cock!"

"Oh babe, babe..." 

Slowly, inch upon inch slid into her, stretching her wider than appearances would have betrayed to be possible. Faith pressed her cheek against the couch as her body strained from the difficulty of accepting the day's first penetration. Once Sibyl drew back she breathed a sigh of relief, the tension leaving her.

"Faith baby. You feel so good."

"Oh Sibyl, yes..."

Slowly they began to pick up their pace, and Faith's body relaxed enough to accept her ponderous endowment. As it had been with Lucia, much of Sibyl's length would still be left unsunk when she reached Faith's deepest, but it was enough for them both to be satisfied.

Sibyl let Faith's booted legs slide from her hands and up along her forearms, and the crooks of her knees locked into place inside her elbows. As she continued to steadily buck into her she wrapped her hands around Faith's wonderful breasts. Much as they did in that little bra, their newly acquired size overflowed from her hands. She revelled in their pert, jiggly gorgeousness.

As her movements quickened she let go of those lovely prizes, leaning further forward to support herself on the couch, pushing those legs up into the air and angling Faith for deep, efficient stabs. Faith cried out in pleasure, and their turbulent steady movements had her breasts falling out of her top as they revolved against her chest.

Her cries were elevating as the momentum built within her. Sibyl ramped the speed of her thrusts up another notch, ravaging her most sensitive regions from that angle of entry, and soon Faith clenched forward as she gasped and whimpered in bliss. "Ohh! Oh god!"

Sibyl persisted for a few moments more, then slid herself deep into her. The girl fell back onto the couch, gasping for air as she climaxed on her huge ivory member. As Sibyl slowly gyrated her hips, keeping her in a state of sweet stimulation, they joined lips to briefly kiss. She was on the verge of eruption, something Faith could tell by the powerful rapid throbs she felt within her.

Sibyl pulled out, and without missing a beat Faith sat up and caught her cock. As her lips came down to meet the taut pink head her hands began to milk Sibyl's shaft with firm squeezes and strokes to its extensive length.

"Ooooh, yes," Sibyl seethed, falling to her knees over her. Her hips twitched and spasmed as the doors to ecstasy began to open. "Get ready!"

Faith was definitely that. She giggled with delight when her efforts brought forth the first pressurized shot of goddess nectar, which hit the roof of her mouth before running like a river into her little belly. As she continued to stroke that throttling shaft she drank Sibyl down with deep gulps, doing her best to take it all. Still, the volume of each round exceeded her capacity, and much of the pearly fluid came slopping down off her chin in steady outbursts, soaking her breasts.

"Hooo babe, yes! Cumming so hard!" It just kept pouring out of Sibyl, showing no sign of stopping. Faith couldn't drink any more, and as she pulled her lips away more shots of thick seed jetted past her, raining down on her shoulder and the couch behind her. Sibyl took over, grabbing ahold of her cock and ecstatically rubbing its cum-slicked surface as she released her final shots onto Faith's chest.

Breathing deeply, Faith gazed up at Sibyl. Her thick glaze of cum was dripping down through her cleavage and into her lap. In her blissful state Sibyl let go of her cock. Faith caught it and slowly continued to stroke as she nuzzled it against her cheek, feeling the deepest admiration for that magnificent throbbing endowment.

"Faithey, babe. That was amazing. You in that little costume drove me over the top."

She giggled softly, still gently stroking, worshipping. She placed a couple choice kisses on the side of Sibyl's shaft. "I noticed."

"Could you wear it for the rest of the day for me? Be my little sex kitten."

She giggled again. "Okay."

Chapter 30

Again Lucia stared down into her cup of coffee, which had by then just about reached room temperature. She was sitting at the conference table with Marla and the Dennis sisters, who were discussing their various official endeavours during the week's meeting. It didn't much matter if they had her full attention - her business was usually within the genetics lab with Alene, and the majority of the other projects they discussed were of little effect to her. Her mind was wandering again.

"So, Lucia, now that you and Alene have returned from Aerotia and gotten over your jetlag I trust you have plenty of stories to tell."

She looked up. "Oh yes Marla, we certainly do. What a fantastic place."

Marla nodded, smiling. "That's usually one's impression." From the added glow she saw in Lucia she could see that the exotic goddesses of that secluded island had provided her with all she could desire. Her daughter Alene, of course, would have also had her fair share of fun with the island's nubile young worshippers and breeders.

"We have stories within stories to tell, for sure," Alene said. "But maybe we'll share them some other time. Suffice to say our primary goal was achieved."

"Yes," Lucia said. "We have many samples to choose from, and Project CBL can move to the next phase without Diana's cloned body."

"Excellent. Your experience with Dr. Schaller should be an invaluable asset in our lab studies as we grow our new clones. I have only one request: That these next ones don't wake up!"

There was a round of giggles from the various goddesses, and Lucia began to blush.

"Okay, next on our agenda," Marla said as she shuffled through some printouts, "it looks like our most adventurous endeavour is, by some miracle, actually showing signs of success."

"Oh?"

"Our first seed ship has successfully reached the second world, and the next one should be arriving tomorrow. Terraforming has begun."

There was a woop of approval and a round of applause. Lucia looked up and around the room. Did she just say... 'terraforming'? 'Second world'?

"I can't believe it," Alene said in a hushed, reverent tone. "It's actually happening."

Lucia turned to her, at a loss for words. The dark haired goddess chuckled, not yet interrupting the discussion to explain. 

***

With the meeting adjourned most had left the table, but Diana and Alene were still there to fill the confused human in on the details of that afternoon's big announcement.

"So you're telling me you've sent ships... specialized, planet-seeding ships, to another world?"

"Yes," Alene calmly replied. "An inhabitable one. Well, mostly inhabitable. If anyone is in the position to do this, it's us."

"That's amazing. This is like a science fiction story."

"Well, one of science fiction's aims is to speculate on our future reality. It was inevitable that the people of Earth would reach out into the vastness and touch another world, as they have so many times in stories. Especially when we consider the direction this one is going in. Yet it isn't mankind who is taking this next big step. What books never predicted was that it would be a sister race of Earthlings who would be the first."

"That's because the writers of books didn't know you exist."

"They will. Soon," Diana said.

Lucia stared.

"Oh, you didn't know? Well of course you didn't, if you didn't know about the terraforming." There was a silent moment before Diana mustered the effort to explain. "Okay. Well, you see... the reason we're so interested in this planet is because we goddesses are going to settle it.

"Early on when we took over this organization we knew that we were going to use its capabilities for the benefit of our race. That was our intent all along. And so we've found a planet that we can all migrate to, and start over again."

"Start over again," Lucia repeated softly.

"Yes," said Alene. "You see there was once a lot more goddesses on Earth. And a lot less humans. This is going back way, way before now. Before recorded history. Goddesses and humans lived together on a continent which doesn't exist any more." 

"Sort of like the legend of Atlantis," Diana added. 

Alene nodded and continued, "humans were willing to live there under the rule of goddesses, because they did a damn fine job of running society. But then there were cataclysmic upheavals that sunk the land of goddesses into the ocean, and recorded history began after that with all the other humans who lived more primitively in other regions of the world. The few goddesses that remain are descended from the survivors. And with this new planet, we hope to relive our ancient past."

"So you're going to get all the goddesses of the world together and have them move to your new planet."

"That's correct."

"But don't you all live in secret? No one but your worshippers and the Aerotians know that you exist. How could you organize such a thing when the majority of you are in hiding?"

"We're still working out the details," Alene said. "But whatever method we choose, we probably have the resources to pull it off."

"Okay. So have you named your planet yet?"

"We did." Diana's tone became wistful, perhaps even sorrowful. "We've named it Eva."

"Huh. That's an interesting name for a planet. I was sure it would be five letters long!"

"You'd think so at this point, wouldn't you? But no. We named it after a dearly departed friend."

"I like it. It's short, and pretty."

Diana nodded. There was a quiet moment as conversation concluded, with both she and Alene staring at Lucia. She had their full attention, still. Inwardly she was smiling.

Ever since she'd returned from her trip to Aerotia the two goddesses, whom she was quite intimately involved with, had been unable to leave her alone. When she joined Astro-X they'd quickly gotten into the habit of casually passing her back and forth, but now they were competing for her attention. She suspected she was nearing the end of the process of her conversion, and as the change approached she'd become irresistible to them. It brought her great pleasure to be so desired.
