 Chapter 36

"Oh, gawd," Lucia groaned as she waddled bow-legged into the motel room. "The bike is fun but man, crouching like that for hours takes its toll."

"That won't be good for the baby. You'd better get your kicks now on that crotch-rocket before it grows big."

"Uh, what?"

Sibyl blinked a moment, then realized the not-so-subtle double-entendre that had come with her dated slang. "I meant the motorcycle, a crotch-rocket! And your baby, when it grows big."

"Oh! I thought you were... never mind."

Sibyl chuckled softly as she dragged her suitcase into the corner of the room. "Get your mind out of the gutter."

"Well, your statement held true, the way I first understood it." Lucia approached Sibyl from behind as she spoke, and once she was close enough she lightly draped her arms around the clone's hips. At that touch, that missed but not forgotten closeness, Sibyl's heart quickened. 

"Oh?"

"Mhmm. Before baby gets big... I can still get my kicks."

Sibyl turned in her arms, pressing their bodies bust-to-bust. "I... I wasn't sure if you'd want that anymore. Not now that who I was is out in the open between us."

"It doesn't make a difference to me," Lucia said, more quietly. Her breath was hot against Sibyl's lips. "It doesn't have to change anything between us."

"Oh, Lucia." 

She smiled softly. Sibyl melted against her, touching their lips together as she wrapped her arms around her shoulders. Lucia leaned into that little kiss, pleased but not at all surprised at her reaction. As their tongues joined Sibyl's hands dropped down to lift and knead her marvellous cheeks. Inspired by that heated touch Lucia flicked her motorcycle jacket off her shoulders and waved it off of her arms, revealing the white belly top she'd worn beneath. There was of course no sign of her baby yet; her stomach was trim and toned.

The blonde goddess' slender hands rose higher, tracing their way over every dip and graceful rise of Lucia's primed figure to settle on the sides of her bust, as she had craved to do during the entire long ride down the highway. Pulling out of their kiss to gain some room, Lucia took Sibyl's hands and brought them up front to fully grasp the recently augmented pair.

"Do you like what I've become?"

"Oh god yes. You were always so beautiful, but now," Sibyl squeezed and kneaded, and was beginning to grow red in the cheeks and weak in the knees, "you're perfection."

"That'll make two of us then." Lucia again kissed, and her hand dipped low to grasp at the growing want in the blonde's skirt. Sibyl's hips began to rock against her touch, and soon there was hardness packed beneath the form-fitting purple fabric, pulling it out and away from the majority of her thigh. With that throbbing mass within her grip Lucia easily led her backward toward the cheap bed, which she arrived upon with a creaky bounce, still in the grips of that passionate embrace.

Their lips smacked as they parted, and Lucia got to her knees. She roughly wrenched Sibyl's skirt down her legs, causing her magnificent endowment to rocket upwards and sway in the air between them. At the sight of it she surged forward and held it steady at the base while the pink and throbbing head came into place on her upper lip. She inhaled deeply, taking in the sensual smell of Sibyl as she rubbed that hot helmet against her mouth. "Ooh... It's been so long on the highway, to you and now back to Arizona." She lovingly kissed it. "I've just been dying for this."

Sibyl lifted her loose black shirt up. Before she'd even had it fully off she was uttering high moans of discomforted delight, for the hot moisture of Lucia's mouth had found its place at the tip of her cock. She tossed the shirt away and watched as the newly anointed goddess' hand began to make the long trip up and down. She moaned again and her head lolled back. Her legs, bound at the knees by her skirt, writhed.

With a twist of her head Lucia took her deeper into her mouth, and her second hand joined the first to give slow twisting motions. "Lucia. You've improved!"

Within moments pre-orgasmic fluids were flowing into her mouth. She unsealed her lips slightly, letting them drizzle down Sibyl's length and provide natural lubrication to her movements.

"Oh, that's heavenly..."

Lucia smiled. "I was wrong to leave you so suddenly. There was just so much to do at Astro-X, they had me hooked in an instant. But I could be just for you again."

"Mm, mm... Good, Lucia. My... my love."

She chuckled softly. "I'll start making it up to you tonight." She took Sibyl back into her mouth and ramped her strokes up a notch, slipperily working every turgid inch while tonguing her sensitive leaking head.

"Hoo, ho god, that feels perfect!" Sibyl hunched forward, agonized by the sensation. She had become so confident; with those skillful sucks and strokes she was owning her! A whisper of climax already loomed near.

Lucia stopped and rose to her feet, smiling at how capable she had become. Sibyl looked up to her, visibly affected by the torturous pleasure she had just endured.

"You were my first goddess, as a human."

Relieved by the short break, Sibyl leaned forward to pull her skirt the rest of the way down her slender legs, swerving slightly to manoeuvre her face past her own towering excitement. "Mhmm."

"You'll be my first as a goddess as well." She lifted her white belly top up and off, permitting Sibyl's first look at her well endowed upper body. She then started to wriggle out of her tight jeans, revealing the full extent of the improvements to her much-adored lower half. The spectacle made Sibyl's cock throb and nod, and pre dribbled freshly down its length. 

Lucia got onto the bed over her, causing them both to sway as it bounced and creaked, sending the blonde's immense globes into motion against her slender torso. Lucia set them still, burying her hands in them as she crawled forward to bring herself toward the end of Sibyl's length. The heat of its underside pressed wet and hot against her as she advanced, with inch after gratuitous inch passing along her lower lips at such a painfully slow rate. I wonder if she's like Jenn now, Sibyl thought, if she can take it all... God, hurry up! I want to be inside you!

When finally the head came into place Lucia reversed direction and began to take her in. Her back arched, catlike, as that slippery engorgement slid into her body. Neither yet knew what to expect, and so when Lucia's bottom met Sibyl's hips they both gasped and shared looks of amazement. Sibyl shuddered as Lucia, looking like she couldn't believe what her changed body was letting her do, began to assume a gentle rhythm.

"Oh-ho-ho Sibyl, I love it! Your huge dick, the entire thing! Nghh!" After a few more passes she had to quicken her pace. To her and Sibyl as well, it just felt so right.

Sibyl sat up some, giving their embrace a more vertical angle. She took Lucia's broad hips and helped her motions by pulling her downwards after each ascent. The shift in angle was hitting a wonderful place deep inside her, and her moans and squeals made Sibyl smile proudly. She began to push upward as well, further ramming that newly accessible erogenous zone.

"Oh god babe! Keep doing that!"

Still looking on proudly, Sibyl did so. It was truly a perfect moment.

Lucia went into a frenzy of furious movements. With her newfound strength and speed she was like an animal on fire! Sibyl's demeanour shifted from one of gladness to amazement as she beheld the raw lovemaking power of Lucia the goddess, whose abdomen was whipping up and down her fourteen inches with incredible speed. "Oh my god, Lucy..."

"Yes! Yes, oh yes! Haaaa!"

"You're amazing!

She screamed in joyful release and, with Sibyl's cock fully buried, became still. While her limbs encircled and tightly constricted Sibyl's body she tilted forward, and as an inseparable pair of gasping sweating bodies they collapsed back onto the bed. 

Sibyl rolled Lucia over, putting her on her back. She was dying to continue but within that vice-like grip she had no hope of escaping the powerful throbs of orgasm that strangled her hungry beating length. She pushed upwards, seeking to withdraw. Only some moments later was she allowed to do so, for Lucia had finally returned from her heavenly trip.

As Sibyl pulled out Lucia watched, seeming entranced by the sight of so much glistening hardness revealing itself after its deep retreat. It was amazing what her new body could do, a body that was finally a match for Sibyl's hyper-endowed physique! "Oh my god, this is amazing. Fuck me more Sibyl!"

"Mmh, yes!" Sibyl launched into deep thrusts that had their lower bodies pounding together with resounding smacks. Now it was her time to be the animal, to give in to her frenzied lust! The feeling of Lucia's post-orgasmic body accepting her every inch was so fine.

"Oh god yes, give me everything! I'm going to cum again!"

With shocking speed Sibyl repetitiously plunged herself in and out of Lucia. The old bed rattled and squeaked like the suspension of an old sedan as the springs struggled to keep up with her super human motions. She wasn't holding anything back - her full power was in play! Eventually she struck a rhythm with the cheap mattress that had Lucia's body bouncing up into each pass, only to be slammed downward by a firm shake of her hips, again and again at still increasing speeds!

"Aghhhh! Fuck...! Me...!"

Sibyl released a feminine growl of feral bliss. Her eyelids fell shut and her gaze went distant as the all consuming pleasure of herself dribbling her love up and down against the bed overtook her. Each split-second pass and return brought her one incremental step closer to climax, and that sensation became her world. 

She broke out of her reverie when a new sound met her ears: the impacts of their bodies had become thickly wet, and there was a gentle rhythmic patter like waves of rain inside the motel room. The cum was pouring out of her and being splashed outward with each thrust! As the realization hit her an onslaught of climactic ecstasy came with it. Jarred by it, her rhythm was lost and the mattress slammed up into them, tossing them sideways to the ground below.

THUD!

"Nnnuhhhh god Lucy, yes!" Deep in the grip of orgasm Sibyl continued to ravage Lucia, who was out of breath and in awe. Her movements were growing ragged and slowing as she began to succumb to the tension in her body. Gasping in ecstasy, she grew still as she continued to unload shot after burning shot into her.

Lucia smeared her hands up Sibyl's tense, sweat slicked back, revelling in her powerful throbs as she emptied itself into her. She lovingly encircled her body with her legs. "Oh Sibyl, babe. I love the way you fill me, it's so perfect."

"Oh... oh god." Sibyl went limp against her as her hardened cock released its final spurts into her.

"We're like, the world champions of sex!"

Sibyl chuckled softly. In a daze, she trailed kisses along her jaw. "That's how it is now. No limitations... and it'll only get better."

Lucia stroked a hand through Sibyl's golden hair. "You're damned right about that. From now on you're my one personal stud."

Chapter 37

On Lucia's insistence they arose early, before the sun could rise.

"Hold on Sib. I have an outfit you need to wear."

"Oh?" As she slid out of bed Sibyl watched Lucia begin to dig through her bag.

"Yeah. If we want to get past security you'll need to look like Diana. So I brought some clothes, like she would wear. Try these on." She tossed onto the bed some brand new white denim jeans, a large pink bra and a lavender baby t-shirt.

"Oh, geez. Pants, and the tight kind too. Okay, if you insist... but I hope to god we don't have to stop somewhere, and I get strange looks."

"We'd get looks no matter what you wear."

Sibyl yanked the tag off the jeans and slid her slender legs into the tight fighting fabric. With a look of distaste on her face she pulled up slowly.

"Oh no, wait," Lucia said, placing her hand over Sibyl's. "Try again." She dropped that hand into her jeans, and Sibyl squeaked slightly as she fished her cock out of the pantleg and gingerly placed it in the opposite one. "She dresses to the left, not the right."

"I... I see."

Lucia giggled as she watched Sibyl zip up and button the jeans, packing herself in. The bulge along her thigh was flagrantly visible.

With her gaze fixed downward on it Sibyl walked toward a mirror on the wall."Well, I guess it isn't that bad," she said as she looked at her reflection, tilting her hips at various angles and assessing each pose. "I kind of like how it's all right there, as if to say, 'this is what I am. Deal with it.'"

"You look hot, for sure. Extend your arms, please?" Lucia weaved the pink bra straps onto her arms and brought them into place, placing the large and sturdy G cups over Sibyl's breasts "Yet another thing you don't like to wear. Diana likes control up top." In a brief hug she fastened the clasp and stepped away.

"It's itchy."

"That's life as a woman for you." She tossed the last article of clothing to Sibyl. "Shirt. And tie your ponytail up higher."

"Yes, ma'am."

Once the little t-shirt was stretched onto her upper body and her hair was properly styled Sibyl again stood before the mirror, admiring her new look. Lucia had put on her motorcycle jacket and her helmet was tucked under arm, at the ready. "Let's go."

***

The security guard looked up from his magazine with weary eyes. Early morning post was the absolute worst! From within his booth he recognized Alene's motorcycle. By the fringe of hazel-brown hair that escaped its female rider's helmet he surmised that it must have been Lucia, who had run off with it earlier that week. He recognized Diana as well, who clung to her from behind.

He radioed in to the office: "We have a visitor on Alene's bike, accompanied by Diana. I believe the visitor might be Fernandez, Lucia." 

After a moment the rider took off her helmet and waved to the security guard. "Confirmed identity of the rider. Is Lucia still allowed in?"

"Sure," said a firm and confident woman at the other end of the line. "I don't think that's Diana though."

"Uhm, with all due respect Miss Dennis, I can verify that it is."

"Well, if you say so. Let them both in."

With the push of a button he parted the wire fence gate.

"Aha," Lucia whispered. "I knew we'd fool them. They probably think I'm just coming back to work."

"And that Diana felt like hitching a ride with you, I'm sure." Sibyl squeezed herself closer to her as they rolled deeper into the compound. She didn't quite like the place, and returning to it gave her dark feelings. To be again in the vicinity of the other goddesses put her at unease.

They parked the bike and dismounted. "Act natural," Lucia said. "Like this is your home."

"Right." Sibyl swallowed her fear and reminded herself of the vengeance that was to be wrought. It was her time to shine. "Let's kick some butt."

They casually walked inside.

A couple human employees were present in the lobby but for the most part it and the halls attached to it were empty. "Looks like we timed this well. Everyone's in bed or having their breakfast. Let's make this a smooth operation. Come this way..."

The hallway stretched on and on. Lucia was beginning to hold her bag close - its contents were crucial to their plan, and the lab was growing near. Sibyl felt a growing rush of excitement. Their infiltration had gone smoothly so far, but she was ready for anything and willing to make it a fight.

Finally Lucia stopped at the doorway to the lab. "Here's hoping they didn't change the passcode... Ah. They didn't." The lock clicked open with a soft beep. Lucia reached into her bag and took out a pair of spray bottles. "The samples should be in the incubator. We'll spray them down with this acid dilution and then get the hell out."

Sibyl took her bottle and sniffed the nozzle. "Vinegar? That should do the job. Let's go."

At once they burst into the lab. Lucia headed straight for the incubator, with Sibyl close behind. It was empty and powered down. 

"Ah. Not here." They shared a sinking feeling as they realized their plan probably wasn't going to go as expected. "Let's spread out - they might already be at some other stage in the process. The samples will be in petri dishes."

Lucia was methodically checking every machine, every refrigerator, for signs of Alene's work, but all the equipment she checked was inactive. "Fucking hell," she hoarsely whispered. "Where are they?"

"Ah, Lucy. I think I found them. Come here."

She jogged over to Sibyl's side. She was standing in front of a garbage bin, which was full of the little plastic petri dishes. They were still wet, and smelled faintly of bleach. "What... They... Did it themselves?"

"I'm afraid so," Marla said.

Sibyl and Lucia spun around to face the doorway, where Marla stood with her arms folded beneath her bust, dressed in a velvety purple bathrobe. She appeared amused. They were agog.

"Oh, don't freak out, darlings! I'm not going to bite. Why don't you come over here."

With a sigh of disappointment Lucia calmly did so, and after a hesitant moment Sibyl, trying to settle her fight-or-flight impulses, did the same.

"You've destroyed the samples."

"That's correct," Marla said. "And I assume you and Sibyl came to do the same? How heroic!"

"Heroic, you say," replied Lucia. "We were sure we committing a crime, or in my case some sort of treason."

"Ah, yes, well, it's times like this when a little communication would have come in handy! If you'd just explained yourself before you ran off with my daughter's bike, we could have talked this over and gone about this together..."

Alene walked in. Dressed in a comfy t-shirt and jeans with her hair dishevelled, it looked like she'd only gotten out of bed minutes prior. She was calm and didn't appear to be too surprised by the sight of Lucia or Sibyl. "Hey."

"So what convinced you that the samples should be destroyed," Sibyl asked. At her speaking up Marla smiled softly and looked her up and down, amused to see her dressed to fully duplicate the eldest of her daughters.

"As soon as Alene explained to me that Lucia had spoken about this with spirits during her deep sleep, I knew something had to be done. Elder goddesses speak to you during those dreams, offering you the wisdom you'll need once you awaken to your new life. If one of my scientists is told by them that all cloning must be aborted, then we comply."

"I'm sorry it had to be this way," Lucia said, turning to Alene.

"I am too." She gave an exaggerated shrug of her shoulders. "But it is what it is."

"I suppose filling the new planet with clones would have been too easy," Marla said. "It seems as always, for our kind, the path must be difficult. And that makes you, Sibyl, the only clone that will exist."

She nodded. "I guess at least in that respect I can be unique."

"So does this bring you to plan B with the new planet?" Lucia said. 

Alene and Marla both grimaced and glanced sorrily at each other. "Uh, yes. Sadly, it does," Alene said. "It seems we will have to allow... humans... to share the glory of colonization with us." 

"Though if your tenure with us has been any indication, certain humans can be depended on to do good work." Their looks softened slightly. 

"I learned from the best," Lucia said.

The mother and daughter nodded, and each traded quick glances at Sibyl. The clone stayed silent, though she began to blush. Do they know?

"So Lucia, now that you're like us I foresee greater opportunities for you within the company. You and Alene can be equals now, each with labs and assistants of your own."

"That sounds like an amazing offer!" Lucia looked to Sibyl, who was in turn looking back at her, wondering how she would respond. "But... I think I might have to decline."
