 Warning. This story contains adult themes, involving forced prostitution and slavery in a Virtual Reality MMORPG. The multiverse is a LITRPG story with an erotic theme throughout if that doesn't sound like your kind of thing then I advise against reading it. All Characters are over 18.. Though not all are human. Hope you enjoy. 

As always comments are appreciated. 

Prologue 

"She's just being friendly! She doesn't mean anything by it." John said as he looked across at me smiling. We were on our way back from Bernies party and Bernie being Bernie, well let's just say she seems to have a knack for pissing me off. At the moment it involved flirting with John my husband in front of my face, but she has always been pulling this type of shit, ever since we were kids. 

"Yeah well she didn't seem as 'friendly' with anyone else." Fuck I was annoyed. I even added the quotation marks with my fingers like I hate people doing to me. 

"What's that supposed to mean? You implying something?" 

"No I trust you. You know what I would do if you ever cheated on me, I'd fucking kill you, slowly and painfully." I said with a grin. "I'd probably enjoy doing it as well." 

"You're sick you know that." 

"Hey. It was a joke... Kind of.. Anyway stop trying to change the subject, you I trust. Her I don't trust as far as I could throw her. It's just you encourage her behaviour every time she does it, when you don't scold her. If a dog misbehaves you scold it, tell it off, smack its nose. You want me to smack her nose John?" I asked with a pleading look in my eye. Go on John, let me smack her in the nose. Palm strike bridge into the brain. Please... Pretty please... 

"So she's a dog now?" John replied. Great way to kill my buzz I mumbled to myself. Man I was getting worked up. I could feel adrenaline coursing through my veins. "It's just.. Ahhhh forget I said anything!" I said giving up and going for some nicotine gum from my handbag. I picked a hell of a year to quit smoking. 

"Look I know you're frustrated. Finding a new job and people not after your skills, but you'll get something. Don't worry. These things just take time, that's all munchkin" 

"John don't call me that, you know I hate that name. And whilst you're at it, ease up on the pedal, these aren't the conditions for you trying out for Daytona." 

"I got this don't worry so much Abi, I'm in control. I'm always in control." Rather than slow down I felt myself push back into the seat more as I chewed on the gum relentlessly, feeling the burn in my mouth and throat. 

"Cut the shit John I mean it. One patch of black ice, or one drunk driver and we spend a night in a ditch! Or worse. " 

"Oh come on, that don't sound so bad does it? I mean we'd have to share body heat to keep warm. We could get naked... put a blanket over us. It would be kind of hot" John said placing his hand on my knee and slowly trailing his fingers under the hem of my dress. He had that suggestive look on his face that he gets when he is expecting some kind of action. 

"Are you fucking crazy? In the middle of a car wreck? What the hell is wrong with you!?" I pushed down on my dress at mid-thigh with both hands, hopefully sending a message to that whatever this was, ain't happening! 

"Come on Abi stop being such a prude. Let me get the engine all warmed up before we get home and take you out for a spin huh?" John said looking down at his hand no doubt trying to formulate a strategy to get his hand past my defence and in my panties. 

"Eyes on the road mister. Nothing's happening with this engine until she's safely home. And that's a promise OK? 

"Abi, baby. Where's you sense of adventure huh? I mean it wasn't that long ago when this car was the only place, we had any action." John said smirking, probably reminiscing about all the good times we had in this car in our early years. 

"Yeah when we were both living with our parents sure. But we own a house now, we can fuck like regular people in the bed or maybe in the driveway." John's fingers continued to try to inch their way up my thigh, resorting to brute strength. I focused on my hands in my lap putting up a stoic defence. They seemed much better illuminated than last time I'd looked. Time seemed to slow down as I rose my head in search of the light. Bright lights on a big rig were coming right towards us. I raised my hands to point which caused Johns hands to move further up my thigh. 

"Johhhhhhn...!" Were the only words I managed to get out before John swerved the car hard back to the right side of the road. As the lights flew past the side window I thought we were safe, that we'd made it... But then we felt the impact on the rear of the car, a crunching blow that caused us to jolt sideways in our seats, smashing my cheekbone and temple against the passenger window. The car continued to spin, I had a flash back to the teacup rides I used to go on when I was young, I hated those things always spinning for no purpose. 

Sound started to filter into my brain, screeching sounds, high pitched and persistent and still the car kept doing its merry spinning dance, though it did seem to be slowing down now. Instead of just a mixture of shadows, shapes started to sharpen and form into recognisable objects, though I wasn't sure I liked the shape we were heading towards. "BRRRII..." I started to shout as the back end of the car ploughed through the barrier of the main bridge into town. The impact caused me to bite my tongue and my body to fly forward, before jolting against the seat belt. A passenger bag exploded in my face smacking me in the nose and causing my head to snap back. I felt a ringing in my ears and a liquid running down my face. I lifted my hands to my face to wipe it away and felt pain where my fingers touched. I drew them away and saw the red tinge of blood on them. 

The car jolted backwards slightly breaking the spell my fingers held on me, causing my mind to focus on our predicament. I looked behind me quickly to check my suspicions and all I saw was darkness with the occasional ripple of water far below. We were precariously balanced on the bridge. Our weight distribution in the front was slowing down the descent but any sudden movements might cause the car to fall further back and into the river below. I felt something touching my arm and I turned my head seeing John. His mouth was moving, but all I heard was ringing. He continued saying something as his hand reached for the door handle. "Wait John." I screamed. He turned to look at me. 

"No sudden movements, either of us move too early and the car goes over the edge. We go together OK?" He nodded his head in acceptance. my hand went to my seatbelt pressing the button, but it wouldn't disengage. "John my seatbelts stuck I can't get out. Find something sharp to cut it." I looked around my surroundings for anything sharp I could use. Glass! I grabbed a scarf from my bag wrapping it around my hand and reached for a piece of glass on the floor. I picked up a piece and the car took another jolt backward. Oh, shit this is it I thought before it came to another stop. "Lean forward in the car John. Put as much weight forward as you can." I said as I started sawing the seat belt. 

I was half way through when I looked across and saw John was reaching for the door handle again. "John what are you doing." 

"Fuck this I'm out of here" John replied in a muffled tone, distorted with the ringing. Did he really just say what I thought he said? His actions answered as he opened the door and flung himself out. 

"JOHN You Mother FUCKER!" I said adding righteous fury to my sawing action as finally the seatbelt gave way. I was going to skin that bastard alive. Leaving me in the car, he was going to pay. That mother... The car jolted backwards once, twice. I opened the door and started to get up from my seat as quickly as I could, but it was too late. I saw stars through the windscreen and there was a loud metallic tearing sound. Then the car fell, smashing into the water, with me inside. 

Chapter 1 

"Is she ever going to wake up?" said a deep voice that sounded vaguely familiar. What happened? Where am I? What have you gotten yourself into this time Abi? 

"Doc. Just answer the question is she ever going to wake up?" Said that familiar voice again. I tried desperately to place it, but my thoughts and memories were jumbled. I knew my name was Abi, not from some deeper intuition, but simply that I'd used it in my inner monologue. Maybe I was lying to myself and my name was Sarah or Michelle, hell maybe even Fred. Who the fuck knows, but somehow Abi felt right. 

"As with any brain injury it's difficult to predict for certain. As you know the brain was starved of oxygen for a long time. In some ways the cold water helped to minimise the damage, but it was still a long time. She's not in a coma anymore, the swelling has come down and we are picking up on brain activity. These are all positive signs, so my opinion is to give her some time, keep her under observation and let's review when we know for certain what we are dealing with." 

OK, OK, think, what was the last thing you remember... I remember a party, feeling angry about something. I remember screeching, blood on my fingers. Ahh it's all so confusing. Look around you, see if you can grab their attention...I tried to focus on my surroundings but all I could make out was blurred, a mixture of colours and hues. Why can't I see? What's happened to my eyesight? 

"What, like a couple of hours? How long is some time Doc?" 

A couple of hours? Hey I'm right here asshole. Give me a break will you. I didn't realise I was on a clock you son of a bitch. OK deep breaths Abi, deep breaths. You got this. Maybe you have something covering your eyes. Maybe they had to do some minor corrective surgery. No big deal. 

"Mr Peters. I understand this is a stressful time for you at the moment, but you can't put a timeframe on these things. I know that's not what you want to hear, and I wish there was something else I could tell you, but it's too early in the treatment to know. Go home, get some rest. Do you or Abigail have any family you could call. Parents perhaps or spouses, possibly some close friends? It will help lift some of the burden from you, but also might help Abigail. Sometimes a friendly voice really does help in these situations." 

Try lifting your hand up to check what's on your face. Maybe they will see your hand moving and help you. I willed my hand to move, but felt nothing. Why can't I move my hand? I felt the physical strain of trying to move an immovable object, as if my hand was bound by something incredibly heavy. Maybe just wiggle your finger. Come on pinkie, come on pinkie, just move you little bastard. But try as I might nothing responded, no hands, no fingers, no feet or toes. Worse still I heard the footsteps of the people leaving the room, growing fainter as they walked away, and I knew I was alone. I felt despair, I felt powerless. I felt like I was floating on debris in a sea of nothingness. The only hope I held on to, was that this was maybe drug induced and that given time the effects would wear off. Even though I hadn't moved a muscle all day I felt fatigued and eventually sleep took me. 

Over the next few days I longed to be asleep. When asleep I was not bound to this shell of a body which kept me trapped. No, I could run, I could jump, hell I could even fly and soar above the ground like an eagle. Free to go wherever I wanted, be whatever I wanted. Those times were sacred, and kept me somewhat sane, but everyone asleep has to eventually wake. Those times were filled with whirring and hissing and beeping. Occasionally I'd hear the footfalls of people passing by and I'd pray it was someone coming in to wave some form of magical cure. Sometimes they would come into the room, and I felt my heart skip a beat with hope. One person liked to hum as they worked and that made the visit all the more special, as it was basically my only form of social interaction or entertainment for what felt like days. 

Mr Peters would visit once a day, I think his name was John, and if that was the case then I'm fairly certain he was/is my husband. If he was indeed my husband then I'm 90% certain I married poorly because he 100% was cheating on me. I mean the stupid bastard was doing it in my room in front of me, speaking to someone on the phone giving them an update on my condition, but also giving them very vivid details of what he was going to do to them after visiting hours were over. Way to go John, wife not even in the ground yet and you already putting your dick in something else. Not that I could blame him, I mean who wanted to be married to a log. Far as he was concerned, I was already dead. So, it came as no surprise when a few days later I woke to him having a heated discussion with the doctor. 

"I'm her husband. I get to decide when the right time is. Now is the right time. You said yourself. Give her time, and she's been out of the coma for a week with no improvement. I think it's time we turn off the machines keeping her alive." 

Wait what? He was going to kill me? I felt outraged, I mean what a bastard. But then again could I really blame him? I showed no signs of being alive. No conversation, no movement. From his perspective, maybe he felt he was doing the right thing. Or maybe he just wanted to have the insurance money and to close the chapter on this part of his life. Could I blame him? Would I do the same in his shoes? I'd hope I wouldn't shack up with someone else whilst in the room with my wife, but then again maybe our relationship wasn't that great to begin with? 

"There's brain activity, we've seen neural activity in all parts of her brain. If you would just give me another 72 hours. I think I could prove your wife is alive and suffering from something called Locked in Syndrome." 

"Locked in Syndrome what's that?" 

Yeah what's that doc, I wouldn't mind knowing myself. 

"It's where there is a disconnect between the brain and the body. Full paralysis. But the brain is very much still active. She's in there. I just want to know to what extent. Often times patients can blink, sometimes 1 eye, sometimes 2. A whole pathway of research has been conducted on the best methods of communicating just through blinking. Whole conversations! One person with LIS has even written a book. Not to mention there have been some real advancements in neural transmitters, so who knows what the future may hold." 

The doctors voice trailed off, but it was like a spark of light had been shone over a perpetually dark sky. He was trying to find a method of communicating with me. Even better there were others in my predicament, people who had overcome these conditions. 

"Look... I know you perhaps want to draw a line under this and maybe move on with your lives..." 

"I'm not sure I like your tone Doctor. I'm just a friend of Jason's. A friend helping him through this difficult time. That's how gossip starts in these parts, little off the cuff remarks like that could get you in a lot of trouble" said a cool very feminine southern voice. Who the fuck is this? I wondered as my mind raced trying to place it. It seemed familiar, a voice I should know but couldn't picture. 

"Sorry I didn't catch your name, Miss..." 

"Bernice, Bernice Gallagher." 

"Well then Miss Gallagher I'm sorry but visiting time is for direct relatives only, so as you are just a friend of Jason's perhaps he can call for your support after he has finished visiting his wife." 

Daaaaaamn, nice one doc. If she was who he was implying she was I wanted to slap her myself. Snooty bitch... There was a certain coolness in the air, I detected a very frosty atmosphere and that's coming from the woman without any of the 5 senses, so go me. 

"Just wait outside Bernie" said Jason. 

"But." 

"Please Bernie. Just for me. I won't be long." 

Yeah bitch, go wait outside whilst me, my husband and the doctor have a conversation deciding my future, without you sticking your skanky-ass nose in! I heard a resigned sigh and the unmistakable clopping of high heels before a door slammed shut a moment later. Guess she doesn't take rejection well. I'd watch out for her Jason, she seems like a bunny-boiler to me. 

"I admire your brass doc. Not many men stand up to Bernice Gallagher, not with her father Donald Gallagher the 3rd usually waiting to dish out his own personal form of... retaliation." I'm not sure I like the sound of where this is going. Bernice and Donald Gallagher. Come on brain work... 

"By Donald Gallagher the 3rd you mean..." 

"Biggest donator in the county Donald Gallagher yeah, that's the one. He has a tendency to get what he wants, wouldn't you agree?" 

Oh shit... 

"Oh Shit." The doctor replied in time with me. Ha! Jinx. 

"And as his only daughter, he is naturally rather protective of her. Only wanting the best for her." 

"And the best, is you?" Daaamn doc firing on all cylinders today. I like this man, he's like a male version of me. 

"Perhaps... At least for now... But it would be rather a scandal to have his daughter dating someone already married, wouldn't you agree?" Err then Divorce me or some shit, you don't have to kill me! 

The doctor took a deep breath and sighed. "There are some ethical questions which I can't ignore. But as her next of kin ultimately, it's your decision to turn life support off. I can advise and guide but if you make the decision to switch it off then only a court order would prevent it from happening. Which in this case I'm sure no other relatives or staff at this hospital would pursue." The doctors voice was low and timid, where is that tiger who slapped miss lard ass Bernice when I needed him to huh? I wasn't sure if Bernice was a lard ass, I just liked to imagine her as one, gave my confidence a bit of a boost 

"Good. Then switch it off." My husband replied coolly, showing no emotion in his voice. How can he do this to me. Just kill me like this so he can shack up with Bernice. Not when I've just found out I could have some form of life. Not when I've found out there's a chance of some form of existence? I heard another sigh and soft footsteps growing closer. I felt a presence to my left, a subtle difference in the shading and colours, then the beeping and whirring stopped and I resigned myself to death 

******** 

"I DONT GIVE A SHIT! I WANT TO SPEAK TO YOUR SUPERVISOR NOW!" Screamed someone 

"Miss Bernice, if you would just let me explain." 

"NO! Enough explaining. You doctors and your explaining! You had your chance and you blew it. Now get me your supervisor." 

"As you wish." 

How am I still alive? The last thing I remember, they were switching off my life support. Did someone put me back on it? I racked my brain trying to come up with a rationale as to why or how I was still alive, when I heard a couple of people entering the room. 

"Look at you, look at you. Miss Bernice Gallagher all grown up. As I live and breathe. How are you?" 

"I'm fine Doctor Sullivan, just a little annoyed at this doc over here not carrying out our wishes." 

"Your wishes? Really? How so?" 

"Well you see Doctor Sullivan, my fiancé and I made our wishes pretty clear on what should happen to his err, his err." 

"His wife," replied my doctor. Ouch, that one would have hurt poor old Bernie. Especially with the Fiancé part? When the hell did this happen? 

"Well. Always can get complicated these, matters of the heart." Said Doctor Sullivan in a chipper non-condescending tone. "So again, what's the problem?" He asked 

"Well," my husband started before clearing his throat. "You see we were expecting to find my err wife passed when we came to the hospital this morning. I personally had a conversation with Doctor Andrews last night where we agreed to switch off life support. Imagine my surprise when she still hasn't passed this morning." Nice one dear husband of mine. What in the hell did I see in you! 
