 Alright, folks here's another plot bunny for ya! I hope you enjoy and please, as always, feel free to leave any and every feedbacks!

*****

Demarcus could only moan in pleasure as he watched his dark copper dick slowly enter the tight asshole of Ora the Annihilator. Once she had him fully inside, the halfling witch began to rock back and forth on his meat pole. As he was being taken, the twenty-five-year-old warrior tried to free himself from the thin pieces of papers that held his wrists in place on the ground. Feeling no movement, he reverted his attention back on the creamy colored bubble butt that sat on his crotch, engulfing his dick. 

Ora hissed and groaned as she swayed on her would be opponent that she had just defeated in combat. Never in her ninety years of living has her hole been stretched as it was now. While his dick was of the average length of six inches, the girth of it had to be at least twelve, she guessed. The old witch happily thanked the universe; that she looked down at her foe after blasting him with an energy orb that knocked him flat on his back, destroying his armor, thus revealing the meaty prize he had hidden. Once her icy blue eyes landed on it, she quickly produced two sheets of binding papers and slapped them on his wrists, she then chanted a quick arousal spell and waved her hand over his penis; making it grow hard and full. Ora then undid her pants and pulled them down and off, she repeated the same spell only this time on her asshole; making nice and wet. She then turned around and squatted over him, and fed his dick to her hungry asscunt.

With them being so deep in the woods of her territory, Ora knew she would be able to enjoy every moment of this precious opportunity for a good fuck. 

Demarcus gritted his teeth in frustration as the short witch only moved for her satisfaction. As she painstakingly rode him; he noticed that while his wrist was bound, his lower body was free to move. Picking the right moment, the beaten warrior raised his hips with all his might. The sudden shove of the girthy dick surprised the buxom halfling, which in turn made her lose the concentration she needed to have for the binding papers to work. 

Moving his now free hands, Demarcus quickly grabbed Ora's hips and planted his feet flat on the ground. He then bounced the witch up and down as he started to pound her with all his strength. 

The change of pace threw Ora off entirely. Surprised she yelled in ecstasy as he fucked her hard in the reverse cowgirl position. 

Wanting more, the five-foot-eleven, one-hundred and sixty-pound mahogany skinned man lifted the robust three-foot-five, eighty-pound magic user off his dick and spun her around. As he laid the halfling onto the grassy field forest floor, Demarcus's dark brown eyes scanned Ora's body. She had her black hair in a pixie mohawk that complimented her chubby yet angular face. The vest she wore was now open exposing her milky cantaloupe sized breasts, with their large areolas, and their hard pink inch long nipples. His eyes traveled further down her soft tummy until they came upon a hard three-inch by three dick that stood proudly above a nut sack that was the size of two robin's eggs.

Looking back up at Ora's face, the young fighter saw the smugness that adorned it. She expected him to recoil from her due to small meatpole she sported. So, to say she was shocked with what happened next; would've been an understatement.

Grabbing her short legs at the calfs, he pushed them back until her ankles were almost to her ears. He then proceeded to re-aline himself with her gaping hole. Once in position, he pushed his already slick dick into her.

Once he was all the way inside of Ora's asspussy, Demarcus moved his to her meaty thighs. He then began to fuck the curvy short witch; starting slowly at first but then increasing his pace.

Ora could only stare, agape with shock at the turn of events. Feeling the full force of each blow, she dug her fingers into the earth and let out long throaty moans of pleasure.

Demarcus felt himself get harder with each shove. Whether it was from the tightness of the Witch's asshole or the contrast of his and Ora's skin tones, he couldn't say but he knew that a three-day load of fresh baby juice would soon be shot into her ass.  

Watching her body jiggle and bounce; was also pushing closer to the edge. When his eyes landed on her dick again, an idea popped into his head. Letting one thigh go, Demarcus reached and grabbed Ora's pole. Wrapping his fingers around it, he then began to jerk her in sync with his pumping, which earned him his desired result.

Ora saw white as the large hand grabbed her dick and jacked it. She now let out a huge shriek as both her hole and dick was ravished. 

Deciding to end things now, Demarcus pulled his shaft all the way back and shoved it back in one final time. Unleashing the accumulated cum he had with a roar into Ora, who in turn shot her own jizz into the air as her own orgasm smacked her like a freight train. 

After spilling his seed, Demarcus felt the effects of the battle and fucking beginning to take hold. Soon darkness surrounded his vision and before he knew, everything went black.