 I was in the parking lot, in Tyler's Mercedes, when I saw her for the first time. He parked in the back row, I was between classes and Tyler was blowing his off to stick his dick in me. He was in the driver's seat and I was on his lap. I'm short, just 5'5" so I can straddle a boy in the front seat of a car and rock his world, even when he's driving. But like I was saying, I was getting some vitamin D, Tyler was breathing into my neck and holding onto my hips while I milked his cock and I was looking out the back window, when I saw her walking toward the arts building.

I don't know why I paid attention to her. I mean, there wasn't really anything remarkable about her. She was cute in a teacher kind of way. She was older than me, maybe ten years, she looked like she took pretty good care of herself. I don't really know why she caught my eye though. She had a confident walk, like she was still proud of her tits and her ass, which she had every right to be. Maybe that was it - she was confident, like me. 

Of course, I didn't even know who she was then. I guessed a teacher because of the outfit, but that didn't mean much at a school as large as mine, she could have been an older student who dressed like a teacher, or maybe she was one of those women that works in admin or as a teacher's aide. But she had piqued my curiosity and I made up my mind right there that I was going to find out who she was.

"Oh, I'm gonna cum!" Tyler's fingers dug into my flesh. 

I had completely forgotten about him steadily pumping his adequate dick in and out of me. His face that sad, almost pained look, and I could feel his cock twitching deep inside me. I sat back and ground my hips into him, squeezing him tight. "Do it, baby." I leaned forward and licked his lips. "Give it to me."

Tyler was one of five. What can I say? I like some dick in my life. He was a junior studying economics and wealthy, which made up for the fact that he was only alright in bed. Like most guys with too much money, he was raised on porn which makes him think he knows what a girl like me wants, when, he has no idea what he's doing. Thankfully, he also liked to impress me with his daddy's money and he had a pretty long cock, I mean a solid eight inches, and I liked it when he went deep.

So, yeah, that was the first time I saw her. She was walking into the admin building and I was fucking one of my five. But I already knew what was coming. I knew it like I knew I knew the sun was going to rise the next day. My world and Olivia Jacobson's world were going to collide. I was going to see to it.

So, it was pretty simple. I mean, it was the first time I had done it myself, but it was easier than I thought it would be. I decided to do it a few days after the first time saw her. I cut through the Arts building on my way to volleyball and she was standing outside of a classroom on the phone. She saw me walking toward her, we made eye contact, and she smiled at me. 

I was so nervous. I mean, it's a big deal, marking someone as your own. It's like picking a mate or getting a puppy, everyone always said there was a lot of responsibility that goes along with it. And so, yeah, I was super nervous. 

But I had never experienced anything like what I was feeling. She was all I had thought about for three days. Seriously, I had done everything I could to forget about her, but I couldn't. It was like every time I closed my eyes, I saw her, and I wanted her, and I wanted her to be mine. I couldn't stop thinking about her. 

I went to volleyball practice and kept wondering what she was doing. I fucked number four, and while I was buried between his thighs, sucking his cock while he licked and devoured my cunt, all I could imagine was Olivia between my legs. I sat in class and wondered how she would smell. It was insane, I couldn't get the woman out of my head. 

And normally, it would have been an easy thing to get over. I mean, I had lost boyfriends and girlfriends before. I had had crushes that didn't work out or that I had to fix, but nothing was like this. I was obsessed.

I even tried to talk myself out of marking her. I mean, it didn't take rocket scientist to know that none of it was really possible. I mean, I was a student, she was teacher, and she was so much older than me. I mean, I didn't normally go after older women. She was probably straight, and I was whatever I was. But in the end, none of that mattered, I had to mark her. I had to make her mine. It was the weirdest thing that ever happened to me, the overwhelming desire to mark someone else. It didn't make sense, but then there's a lot about being me that doesn't make a whole lot of sense. But we'll get to me later.

So, I made a plan, well an outline, I had an idea of how to do it. It was tricky cause I didn't want her to know. I mean, she could have known, I had heard about people volunteering to be marked, but I had no idea how I was supposed to broach the subject with a total stranger. So, I went for top secret route.

She had no idea when it happened. It's not a complicated thing. I mean, if this was a movie, there would have been some special effects, I would have probably had to wear some kind of hooded-robe, and maybe a candle, and there could have been an altar. But it was nothing. 

Like I said she was standing in the hall on the telephone, a student clumsily tried to slip by her but the folder he was carrying fell and dumped his papers all over the floor around her feet. I was passing at the same time and stopped to help. 

Olivia was still on the phone, looking back and forth between us while we tried to get the papers off the floor around her feet. And she reached down and picked up a piece of paper at the same time I did. Our hands touched. And I muttered the words under my breath, barely loud enough for anyone to hear. And that was it. There were no strange lights, no clouds of magic smoke, nothing.

That was where it started, the first real step toward where we are now. One moment, two seconds of physical contact, and a few words no one could understand except me. And then I walked away, fast, like I was on fire. 

My stomach was a tangle of knots. I couldn't believe I had done it. I had marked someone, a woman, a teacher, that I barely knew anything about. I mean, I only knew her name because it was on the name tag outside of her class.

I skipped the rest of classes that day. I went back to my room and just sat there, wondering and worrying. I tried to remember what I knew about the way marking worked. When did the person show the first signs? What was going to happen next? I paced the floor. I tried to eat but wasn't hungry. I tried to do some homework, but that wouldn't work. Number four called but I made an excuse. 

And then it was morning. I had worried all night. 

My alarm went off and I couldn't believe it. That's when I realized that I was going to have to let it go. And then I had to let it go, which wasn't even, not by a long shot. I mean, I had marked her, or I was pretty sure I had, but I had no real idea of what happened next. I mean, it had been years since I had met someone who had been marked. I was nervous. No, fuck that, I was scared half to death. 

It was like one of those things you are confident about until you do it, like gambling, you make a bet and then wait, and second-guess yourself, and wish you had made a different decision. That's how it was for the first week. 

Every time I had five seconds to think, it was all I worried about. I had no idea what was happening, how it was supposed to happen. I mean, the mark was a big deal, it bound us together, but there were no signs that it had happened or that it was working. I saw her in the hall the next day and she didn't even notice me. She also didn't look any different than the day before, maybe a little more tired, like she hadn't slept well, but I was expecting more.

And then I noticed the ring on her finger and my stomach flipped. She was married. My heart sank. I hadn't even thought about the fact that she might be married. 

It's a common problem with me. I tend to do things without really thinking. It's been that way forever. I mean, I get an idea and I just do it. I don't know why. I try to think about stuff, you know, plan stuff out, but it's not what I'm best at. 

That night, the second day after I had marked Olivia. I decided that it must not have worked. That I must have messed something up. I almost convinced myself that I had done it wrong, that maybe I hadn't touched her long enough or that I had said the words wrong or maybe she hadn't heard them, she was on the phone after all. And I was worried and angry and frustrated. 

So, I did what I do best. I texted Thomas, number 2 on my list. 

I needed dick. 

He got back to me pretty quickly. He had just finishing up football practice, and then he was supposed to go meet with his tutor, but I talked him out of it. No, that's not true, I didn't talk him out of it. Instead, cause I am little slut, I laid back on my bed, completely naked, pulled my left tit toward my lips, and sent him the selfie. 

That did it. I got a text back, a dark picture of his cock at half-mast. It looked delicious and, he was standing at my door knocking less than ten minutes later. 

Now, Thomas was usually the perfect choice when I was frustrated. Thomas liked to play rough. Thomas had a Mandingo-sized dick, a monster, and he was the king of fucking. It was also nice that he was big, six foot four and built of chiseled, black muscle. 

As crazy as it sounds, I felt safe in Thomas' arms. I was small, and he was big, but when we were fucking, he appreciated my size and strength, he also followed instructions quite well.

He walked into the room, kissed me for a couple of seconds while I stroked him to a full erection, and then we went at it like animals. I mean, we fucked for over an hour, steady. I sucked his cock until he shot his first load all over my chest (his favorite way to cum). Then he finger-fucked me until I came, and he was back at attention. Then he took me standing up, my back pressed against the door. Then I was on my back on the bed. Then he took me from behind over my desk. Like I said, Thomas was the king of fucking. He could go forever before he blew his load.

But the entire time he was ramming his monster into me, all I could think about was Olivia and how much I wanted her, how much I wanted her to be mine. How I wanted to watch her cum. 

Now, what I didn't know at the time, was that actually, the mark started working right away. I know everything that happened the first week from Lucas, Olivia's husband. We've talked about it a lot actually. He's pretty good in bed, likes to cuddle, but I'll get to that part in a minute.

Apparently, the day that I marked Olivia she went home early, said she wasn't feeling well. When she got home, Lucas tried to help. He took her temperature but there wasn't one. He ran her a bath and made her a cup of hot tea. 

You see, Lucas and Olivia weren't like most married couples I had ever known. No, Lucas loves his wife with everything he's got, and Olivia is the same. So, when she came not feeling well, Lucas started to worry, but there wasn't much they could. Olivia didn't have any real symptoms, she was just kind of achy and tired. 

But after dinner, Olivia said she was feeling better. They thought it was a bug, like a little stomach bug, maybe something she ate at lunch. They decided to go on a walk around the neighborhood. Then they came home and had a glass of whiskey and talked and laughed. Eventually, they started making out and then had sex. 

I'm telling you all of this because it's pertinent, it's important. I didn't know Olivia was married when I marked her. And even if I had known, I don't think I would have done it if I had known how close they were. I'm a little monster, but I'm not a homewrecker. Well, I have...I mean, I have wrecked a few homes, you know, in the past, but that was before all of this, before I had a family.

So, those two had sex like normal and then do the normal grown up, gotta work in the morning thing, turn off the lights and go to sleep. Everything was great. Olivia was feeling better. They had a wonderful evening together. And then it hit her. 

Lucas says it was like two thirty in the morning when Olivia woke him up. I can't imagine what those two must have looked like. 

Olivia woke up. Lucas felt her move in the bed beside him, but he decided to try and go back to sleep, but after a couple minutes, Olivia put her hand on his shoulder and started to shake him.

"Luc? Lucas? Oh my god. Is this real?" Olivia's voice got higher and higher. 

Lucas rolled over and looked up at his wife but as soon as he saw her face, his blood ran cold. She was staring down at her lap, her eyes as wide as dinner plates, and her mouth slightly agape. 

"What is it?" Lucas sat up as fast as he could. 

"That." Olivia pointed but her facial expression didn't change. 

Lucas looked down and saw a flaccid penis between his wife's legs. He blinked hard a couple of times and then pinched his arm to make sure he was awake. But he was. He looked down to Olivia's knees and then started back up. His stomach felt like someone had just punched him. But there were his wife's thighs, smooth and trim. And there was her dick. He shook his head and blinked again. "What happened?"

"What happened?" She looked at him and then back down at the three or four inches of soft tissue. I just woke up and found. She reached between her thighs and tugged on it, like she wasn't sure it was attached. The flesh stretched and then sprung back when she let go. 

"Do you still have...?"

Olivia picked up her cock and below it was the usual, swollen peach they were used to. "Okay." Olivia turned the flesh over and examined it in earnest. "What the fuck?"

Lucas sat back. It didn't make any sense. No one grows at dick later in life? 

"What the...what am I...?" Olivia went from shock to horror in the time it takes me to get my bra off. She started crying, sobbing. "What the fuck, Lucas? What the fuck is this?" She reached between her legs and tugged on it again, pulled it as far as she could before it became painful, and then just a tiny bit further. The flesh went from cream-colored to pink as she stretched it. 

"I don't know," Lucas cuddled up closer to his wife, worried, and afraid, and just a little fascinated which, I am pretty sure, surprised him.

"I've got to call the hospital," Olivia looked around for her cell phone. "No, we've got to go to the hospital."

"Right now?" 

Olivia turned on Lucas like a cornered animal. "What?! Of course, right now!" She screamed. "Do you see this?" She reached down and grabbed her new appendage. "Look at this!" 

But Olivia's cock was a little larger this time. All the attention, the pulling and tugging and curiosity had served a purpose. "Fuck!"

Lucas stared at it. It was already larger than his by about half an inch in length and girth, but it was still flaccid. 

And then they just sort of stood there, you know, like watching it. 

Olivia the back of her hand across her cheek. "Why do I have a dick?" She stared down at it like it could answer the question.

"I don't know," Lucas said softly. "Do you want to go to the hospital?"

Olivia sat down on the edge of the bed next to Lucas. "Yes," she put a hand on his and squeezed. "Your wife has a dick."

Lucas watched as Olivia went to her dresser. It was strange. Not only was she sporting a cock, she was also seemed a little taller, just a little bit, and maybe stronger, thicker? He couldn't really put a finger on the difference, but he could see it. She had changed, even if only slightly.

They got dressed and Lucas was just about to grab his car keys when Olivia shook her head. "I have to pee." She ran back down the hall.

Lucas stood in the doorway and thought about what was happening. Because that's the kind of guy Lucas is. He's a thinker. The kind of guy who thinks before he says anything. A quiet guy you wouldn't even notice at a party.

And he said he just kind of stood there in the doorway trying to imagine what his life was going to be like if Olivia stayed that way. Until she screamed, and he went running into the bathroom.

"It's gone!" Olivia laughed. "Look! No dick!" She turned with her jeans around her ankles. And sure enough, her cock was gone. 

Lucas dropped to one knee and looked at the lovely peach of a pussy he was used to. She was right. There was no trace of the penis, it was like it had never happened, like it had simply disappeared. "Maybe we were dreaming?" He said the words without thinking.

"No, it was there," she reached down and ran her fingers around and through her pussy. "What the fuck happened to it?"

"You sound like you want it back?" Lucas gave her a mischievous grin.

"No, but that was fucked up, right?" Olivia stepped out her jeans. "Fuck, it's four in the morning." 

"Let's go back to bed," Lucas took his wife's hand and they wandered back down the hall.