 Just as the first light of the morning was making its way through his window, Stephen started to wake up. His head rolled from one side to the other on his pillow, and he stretched his legs that were so carefully wrapped underneath his blanket. Turning his back to the light of the sun, he attempted to salvage was left of his peaceful sleeping.

For the second night in a row, he had a dreamless slumber. With the way his dreams had been for the past couple months, that was a much welcomed development. He laid there, enjoying the warmth that seemed to surround him, and kept his eyes closed. Why bother to open his eyes and admit that is sleep was over? 

As soon as he had turned over, a soft, pleasing scent began to drift into his senses. The smell of jasmine. That could only mean one thing. 

Stephen's eyes popped open, and he cast his gaze upon a still sleeping Grace. She was curled towards him, her body facing his, and her luscious light brown hair delicately wrapped around her pillow. She had her own blanket pulled up tight against her chin, and half of Stephen's wrapped around her body. 

He couldn't help but smile. She looked so angelic laying there, oblivious to the world. He carefully slid his arm underneath of her, and pulled her closer to him. She gave a subtle moan of approval, and pressed her body against his. Now that his face was lined up with hers, Stephen placed a gentle kiss to her forehead. 

"Good morning, Grace," he whispered ever so softly, not intending to wake her.

"S'early," she mumbled, without opening her eyes.

Stephen smiled, and gave her body a little squeeze. Grace opened a single solitary eye to look at him, followed by the other a moment later. Her eyes searched his, and Stephen watched as an emotional recognition began to fill them, which soon transferred to her lips. The way she looked at him with that intense emotional affection broke him down every time. 

Grace broke into a gentle smile, "Good morning, babe."

"It really is," chuckled Stephen, using his hand to gently rub her back.

Grace leaned in and pressed her lips to his, the start of several long, tender kisses. "So you're real? I didn't just dream you up?" She asked after the last kiss.

"Feels pretty real to me," he grinned.

She gazed at him with adoring eyes, a perfectly content smile plastered on her face.

"You look so beautiful this morning," he whispered to her.

Grace purred at the compliment, and wrapped her leg around his lower half, "Sweet talking will get you everywhere, Stephen." Her hand slipped across his stomach, and dipped under the waistband of his boxers.

"Already? It's barely 7 am," laughed Stephen.

"What can I say? I haven't had you inside me since yesterday. Do you want me to go into withdrawal, babe?" She giggled.

"Oh no, I can't have that," he chuckled alongside her. "I also like this new 'babe' development," he mentioned, referring to how quickly she picked up using pet names.

Grace looked at him seriously for a moment, "You don't mind, right? I just heard you do it yesterday, and I thought I might try it out. If you don't like it, I'll stop." 

Stephen had to try to hold back another laugh. There was nothing more adorable than her humble moments like right now. 

"I love it, Grace," he grinned. "Please use it all you want. I like it."

Grace beamed with a smile, "Okay, babe!" 

It was her turn to stretch out soon after, and she arched her back and stretched each leg out before returning to her previous position. "I slept so well last night. I felt like we just fell asleep and before I knew it, it was morning," she said, stifling a yawn.

"Same here," he replied. "I usually dream as well, and I didn't even dream last night."

Grace bit her lip, and smiled. "It must have been all that sex yesterday that wore us out."

Stephen chucked, as he felt her hands on him once more, "That probably was it!" He tried to force himself to concentrate on her eyes only, but the way the blankets were getting pushed down was exposing more and more of her cleavage, which was framed perfectly in a tight, white tank top. Noticing that he was leering at her supple mounds once more, he forced himself to look back up into her eyes. She was watching him with a coy smile on her lips.

"I do believe you were just checking me out, mister," she sing-songed, playfully.

"Who me? I'd never," played along Stephen, rolling his eyes upwards and pursing his lips.

"Aww, why not? Is it because I'm not showing enough skin?" Grace pouted, and used her free hand to pull her tank top lower still, enough to expose the beginning of her areolas. She shot him a smile that had 'come-and-get-me' written all over it.

Stephen's eyes flicked down to her exposed areolas, yet back up one more time in a surprisingly strong show of willpower. Continuing their little game, he said teasingly, "Still haven't seen anything!"

Grace broke out in a grin, and then slid slowly up in bed. With a determined look in her eyes, she grabbed the hem of her tank top and pulled it off, exposing her breasts completely to him. "What about now, Stephen?" She whispered, seductively.

He had to admit, the temptation to look was driving him nuts. But he was also enjoying this little game they were playing, and the further they went along, the further Grace was squirming for victory. Trying to imagine anything else but Grace's perfectly formed tits, he managed to squeak out, "N-not yet."

Grace did the only thing in that moment that she could think of. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled his face into her breasts, all but smothering him in the soft, rolling flesh. Stephen started to laugh at this display of shock tactics, which triggered a fit of giggles from Grace herself, releasing his head. 

"Okay, I definitely see them now!" He finished, coming down from his laughter high.

Grace's lower lip dropped slightly, "You see them, but you must not like them!"

He looked at her incredulously, "How could you think I don't like them? They're perfect, just like the rest of you!"

"Well, if you liked them as much as you profess to, how come you aren't touching them then?" She arched an eyebrow, daring him to fondle her exposed orbs.

"You mean, like this?" He asked, as a tentative hand reached up and gently pinched her nipple. 

Grace squealed in delight, and her eyes glazed over temporarily at the feel of his touch on her most sacred parts, "Just like that," she whimpered. 

Stephen worked his hands over every portion of her breasts, gently massaging them and feeling her nipple harden in the palm of his hand. It was a tantalizing scene to watch, as Grace's head slowly drifted back, and her eyes closed, allowing him access while he continued to tease her body. 

"Please don't forget the other one? It's in dire need of your expert hands, too," she whimpered, taking a moment to look at him before her eyes closed again.

"Mmm, how careless of me. How could I forget the other one?" Stephen teased, sliding his free hand to her other breast and giving it the same treatment as the other.

Grace purred once both hands were in motion, giving a content sigh, "Good help is so hard to find." She couldn't quite keep a straight face, letting a playful smirk form on her lips.

Stephen pinched her nipples a little harder than before, earning a giggle from Grace. "Master may have to punish his naughty genie when she gets particularly.. mouthy."

"Well, if you are feeling mouthy, I have the perfect solution for that," chuckled Stephen, while gesturing to the tented blankets near his waist.

Grace's eyes lit up like a small child on Christmas morning. Her hand darted back down to his crotch, rubbing the firmness over the blankets. "So hard. Is it all for me?"

Stephen nodded, his lips slightly parting as she began to rub in earnest. 

She shot him a coy look and then said, "How did you know I wanted sausage for breakfast?" Grace managed to wink before exploding in giggles, and then pulled the blankets down his waist. 

Stephen was tempted to just watch the show, which promised to be a good one; Grace never disappointed. Yet, there was something else he wanted to try, and it was guaranteed to satisfy her as well.

"Wait a moment, Grace," he asked, causing her to freeze in spot. She was already wearing a pout, thinking he was going to stop their fun before it even got started. "Lay down on top of me. There's no reason I can't take care of you while you take care of me," he smiled.

Grace sighed contently, and mouthed the words, 'I love you' before attacking his gym shorts and pulling them down his hips. His cock, already hard from playing with her tits, almost knocked her in the face by the force of its upward projection.Her eyes narrowed and her lips pursed, as if she wanted to scold his cock directly, but a moment later, the hungry look in her eyes returned, and Stephen watched as the tip slipped past her half parted lips.

The first feeling of her warm, slippery mouth on his glans made his eyes roll to the back of his head. His movements faltered for a brief moment, adjusting to the new sensation of her expert mouth, but then he remembered he had a job of his own to do.  

Grace's luscious derriere was right in his face, and she still wore a tiny pink pair of barely there panties that perfectly framed her heart-shaped butt. As she began to work his cock like a cherry-flavored lollipop, Stephen carefully slipped those panties down the delicate, creamy flesh of her legs. 

He wasn't sure how one woman could be so beautiful. Even completely exposed to his eyes, seeing her slick, slightly parted folds to her perfect looking, and inviting ass, Grace had not one single blemish or flaw. As she did everything in her power to make him cum, Stephen was determined to repay the favor in kind.

The very first thing he did was use the tip of his tongue from the bottom, finding her clit, and taking a long, slippery lick up her folds to slightly past the entrance. Grace shuddered immediately, and he could feel the vibrations of her moaning against his throbbing member. He repeated the same action, only in the opposite direction, and earned a similar response, ensuring that she increased the already energetic pace of her sucking.

Then, Stephen just let his instinct take over, or should he say, the instinct that Grace unlocked yesterday. With a careful combination of rubs, licks, sucks, and tingles, Stephen dove into her pussy and made sure to taste every inch of her. Grace's hips began to buck slightly every time he came over a particularly sensitive spot. He kept his own mental notes of her favorite spots, and filed them away for safe memory. 

For her part, Grace was working his shaft as if his very life depended on it. He could feel her taking in every inch, most noticeable by the sudden rush of warmth and wetness felt even at the base of his cock, and her enthusiasm caused him to increasingly interrupt his work, for lack of coherence.

With both of their mouths fully occupied, Stephen reached out to Grace via his mind. "Grace, I want us both to cum simultaneously."

"Done, Master!"

Even with his wish guaranteed to delivery an equally pleasurable outcome, the both of them picked up the pace. Stephen's tongue was sliding through her drenched folds, while his tiny finger worked her clit in small circles. Grace was alternating between deepthroating his cock and jacking it off while giving intense suction on the tip. Every time he would go over a sensitive part, she'd moan, producing a pleasurable new sensation against his shaft.

True to his wish, their orgasm arrived at the same point. Just as he was beginning to feel the cum rocket up his shaft and splatter down her throat, Stephen's face was gushed with an intense orgasm of her own, with the sweet, slightly tangy juice coating his face and chin. He could barely speak, let alone think, after an orgasm of that magnitude, and by the visible aftershocks of her own body, Grace was in a similar condition. 

"Grace?"

"Hmm?" She whimpered, sounding entirely worn out.

"I wish for us to be clean, including the mess from our orgasm, and to have our batteries recharged after such an intense cum."

Within a moment, he felt dry once again, and only the lingering memory of the taste of Grace's juices was left upon his lips. For her part, she sprung up, and turned herself around, slipping back into the crook of his arms and giving him a perfectly content smile.

"Now, THAT, is the perfect way to start the day," she giggled.

"It's hard to argue with that," chuckled Stephen.

She pushed herself up on one arm, looking at his face, "Have I told you lately you have a perfect cock?"

"Only like five times yesterday!" Stephen laughed.

"Okay, so not recently, then," she giggled. "Well, in case you've forgotten, I love your cock!"

"How could I possibly forget anything about you? I still feel like this is a dream that's about to get interrupted by a pesky alarm clock."

Grace reached over him, to the clock sitting on his table. "Nope, alarms not even set," she said, cheekily.

Stephen kissed her, and earned a contented moan against his lips from her. After parting from their kiss, he looked back to the clock. Almost 7:30 am. Which meant, his mom should be leaving soon...

KNOCK KNOCK. 

"Stephen, are you up?" His mother's voice sounded a lot louder in the early morning.

Stephen almost panicked, wondering how the hell he was going to explain a very naked Grace in his bed. "Y-yeah, Mom," he stuttered, his voice barely making its way through the door. 

If he thought he was panicking now, it was nothing to seeing the bronze knob on the door begin to turn. There was simply no time to react. No time to hide Grace, no time for a wish for her disappearance. The door was just opening too fast, and soon his mother would see them.

Theresa Willow's head snuck into the room, holding the door open just wide enough to get a look at her son sitting upright in his bed. 

"Oh, so you are up?" She said, brightly.

"Y-yeah," squeaked out Stephen, casting a guilty eye in Grace's direction. What made matters worse was that Grace wasn't even trying to hide herself. She sat half-upright, her body pressing against his own, and her tits still completely exposed from the blankets. All sorts of excuses started to run through his head, wondering just how badly his mother was going to freak out.

"I'm making us a quick breakfast before I leave. Don't forget that today is garbage day, and to put the cans out before you leave for work, okay?" Theresa asked. 

Stephen blinked. Grace was there, right next to him, and as naked as a jaybird, but it was like his mother couldn't even comprehend that she was in the same room. In fact, it was like his mother didn't even notice. Her eyes never left those of her son, despite the incredibly gorgeous, naked woman curled up against his arms, wearing a mischievous little smile.

"Stephen?" Theresa asked again, when he didn't respond.

Crap, what had she said? Something about breakfast, and then what? He had been so consumed with how she didn't see Grace that he completely missed the question she asked. 

Grace came to his rescue though, and he felt the weight of her words on his mind, "Just nod and say 'yes, Mom.'"

"Yes, Mom," he repeated, trusting Grace implicitly in the situation.

"Great! Get dressed and come have some eggs and bacon!" Theresa smiled and just like that, dipped her head back from the door and closed it.

Stephen just watched the door close in amazement, and then looked down at Grace, who was still wearing that mischievous smile. 

"How? W-what? Why?" He muttered, not sure how to even phrase the question.

"I think the words you are looking for are, how did she not notice me?" Grace giggled. 

"Yeah, that!"

Grace leaned up and kissed him, "Did you forget already what I told you yesterday? My powers of anonymity protect us from being seen by those we wish not to. Since it wasn't in your wishes that your mother meet me yet, I just made it so that she didn't even notice me here."

Stephen's brain hurt, not just from forgetting that she clearly explained that yesterday, but from seeing it displayed in action. "So it does work."

"Mhmm," Grace nodded brightly.

"Wow, that's extremely useful," he mused.

"Trust me, I can find some very exciting ways for it to be very useful," she purred, giving him a seductive kiss on his neck.

"Wait, something I don't understand," he started. "When she looked in here, are you like, invisible? Or did she technically see you, and it just didn't register."

"The second one," she replied. "If I were invisible, then even you wouldn't be able to see me. She "saw" me but it registered as so completely ordinary that it didn't warrant any investigation. It was like seeing a completely white wall in a building, with no decoration. You know it's there, but because it's not interesting, you don't give it a second though. Make sense?"

"Kind of," he chuckled, nervously. 

"Besides, that is the second time she has seen us in bed together," smiled Grace, coyly.

"Second time? When was the first?"

"Last night, when she got home. She poked her head through the door, like she usually does, to make sure you were sleeping. While she registered that I was also in bed, she thought nothing of it."

"So she did still see you, though?"

"And forgot about it just as soon as she did. Nothing to worry about, I promise you, babe. I will actively stop that once you decide it's time for me to meet her." Grace's eyes slowly lowered, exposing her vulnerable side, "That is, if you still want me to."

He scooped her up in a long, passionate kiss, "I absolutely do. Maybe not today, but maybe tomorrow? It's going to be quite the shock for her either way."

Grace beamed with a smile, "I don't see how! Look at you, Stephen. You are so handsome, a perfect catch in every way. Surely, she would expect you to have feminine attention."

Stephen laughed, "While I appreciate your kindness, reality has shaped out a little differently. She's going to be shocked, but sooner or later, we'll have to rip the band-aid off."

"Band-aid?" Grace looked at him confused. "Oh, that's a figure of speech, right? Yes, we'll have to rip the band-aid off," she finished, excitedly.

She was just so damn adorable.

Stephen was the first one to hop out of bed, standing for a long stretch as soon as his feet hit the carpet. He began to grab for his shirt and his gym shorts, which had been discarded so casually at the base of the bed during their earlier romp. For her part, Grace just snuggled up to his pillow, laying on her side with one hand holding her head up. Her bed hair was still framed somewhat chaotically and her breasts were still completely exposed, as was everything from the waist up. She looked completely ravishing still, and wore a small smile as she watched him get dressed.

"So, boyfriend, what kind of mischief should we get up to today?"

Stephen chuckled, looking over to her while he slipped on his shirt. She wore a look like a cat who was just playing with a mouse, and ready to pounce. Yet, a soft pout formed on her face when he slipped his boxers back up, hiding his member from her view.

"We have most of the morning for that. And some of the afternoon. But I do have to work tonight," he replied, taking a look in the mirror. He would definitely need a shower before leaving the house.

"Oooh, work sounds fun! Can I come, too?" She asked, excitedly.

Stephen chuckled, "If you really want to! I think you are the only person in the world to describe work as fun though."

"Being with you is fun," She answered in kind. "Doesn't matter if it's work, rest, sleeping, eating, or vigorous, multi-orgasmic sex," she winked, before continuing, "As long as it's with you, its going to be fun!"
