 Little Red

"Take care when traveling thru the wood, for the wolf is ever close, and always watching."



Part 1 of 3



Redenna awoke to the sounds of the village. She could hear the blacksmiths hammer striking the anvil, the trotting of horse hooves, and the sound of livestock being moved to pasture. Along with the sounds she also had the smells of the village to help rouse her form her sleep. She smelled the freshly baked bread from the baker, the aroma of cooked meat from the butcher, and the faint smell of wet grass. Her village was small, only a few dozen buildings, but they had enough for a quiet comfortable life. Redenna stretched out in her plush soft bed, attempting to loosen her stiff muscles, as the sun beamed down on what was looking to be a beautiful day. 

At the age of 20 she was in peak physical condition, with taught muscles and smooth skin, having spent her life caring about her appearance. Also with playing in the forest as a child she knew which herbs to use and for what. She knew of a plant that, when the leaves were soaked in water, would help keep her skin soft. There was a berry that could be ground up and applied to lips to make them redder. She even knew of some that could help cuts and others to cure illness. She removed the covers over her and swung her legs off her bed. Redenna stood and walked to the full length mirror.

She looked at her naked body in the reflection and smiled to herself. She was short, about 5'5, and was a very striking looking young woman. Her legs were short, which she compensated for by always wearing heeled boots, but they were toned and soft. Redenna had wide hips and a slim waist that met with her flat stomach. She shifted her weight and watched in the mirror as her breasts jiggled, only slightly, before returning to their place. Her chest was full and firm, not overly large but big enough, she never had any complaints. Small shoulders connected with her tiny throat and let up to her angular face. She had sharp features and a petite nose. Redenna had deep blue eyes but her best attribute was surely her hair. It was long and dark, not just black, but darker then midnight on a moonless night. It also contained a shine that rivaled any jewel in the land. While her given name was Redenna, the fact that most of her garments were red in color, earned her the nickname Red.

Red caressed her body with her hands, feeling the warming sensation in her loins, and bit her lip. She climbed back into bed, laying down and spreading her legs, while her hands reached for her side table. She opened the drawer on the table and removed a long black object. She had found a large black rock down by the river and had spent four years polishing it down just right. She had gotten it down to 10 inches in length and about 3 inches in diameter. It was now shaped perfectly to resemble a man's penis. She used it often on herself and loved it. 

She moved her left hand down to her opening and slowly made circles over her bald slit. With her right hand she took her toy, as she lovingly called it, and moved it across her stomach. She loved the way the cold rock felt against her hot skin. Red moved the toy up to her breasts and caressed her nipples with the tip. With her left hand she increased the speed of the circles she made and felt herself getting wetter between her legs. She slid two fingers into herself while moving the toy up to her mouth to suck on it. She took it into her mouth, a muffled moan escaping her lips, as her fingers worked in her faster and harder. She rubbed her thumb against her clit while her two fingers moved in and out, curling them when inside her, as she worked the toy in and out of her mouth slowly. She pulled the toy out of her mouth and traced her tongue around it, licking it softly and slowly, while she moved her fingers harder in her. 

Red pulled the toy out of her mouth, dragging the tip of it down her body, circling her nipples with it and rubbing it between her breasts. She removed her fingers from inside her and replaced them with her toy. She felt her body tense as her toy slid deep into her. Red continued to push it farther into herself until it was a good seven inches deep. She felt her insides expand and then clamp down around it. Red moved her other hand up to her mouth and she sucked on the two fingers that were in her. She loved her own taste, she was sweet, and the aroma always turned her on more. While she sucked on her fingers she started to slowly move her toy out of her. She was so wet that the toy easily came out, almost to the tip, before she pushed it back in. Next when she pulled it out she lifted it slightly and rubbed it along her little nub. Her back arched from the pleasure she felt and she instinctively bit down on her fingers, sucking harder on them, muffling her moaning. 

She increased the speed of which she moved her toy in and out of her, moving her other hand down to massage her breast, crying out as her eyes rolled back into her head. Red was so wet the toy easily went faster in and out of her, and she could feel her climax building, as she started to pinch her nipple. Her breath came in ragged bursts as her body tensed. Her toes curled, her whole body going rigid, as she felt her release washing over her body. Red screamed out in passion as her insides clamped on her toy, she could feel her juices flow down to cover her toy as well as her hand, and she twisted her nipple as she rode out her orgasm. She kept up the motions, moving the toy and playing with her breast, until her body finally stopped shaking. She lay in bed, a sheen of perspiration covering her body, breathing heavily with her eyes closed. She removed her toy and just basked in the sensations she felt. After some time Red placed her toy back in the drawer and decided it was time to get about her day.

Red lived alone in her cottage so she exited her room naked. Her cottage was decent sized. It had a large open area just inside the front door which was used for entertaining guests. Attached to that was a small area for dining where Red had set a table with a few chairs. The kitchen area was next to that making up the rest of the right side of her home. To the left of the main room were two doors, one to her room, and the other to a refreshing area where guests could clean themselves up. Her room had a large closet which housed all her clothes. She went into the refreshing room and soaked a clothe she had in a bucket of water, using it to wipe down her body, and up in between her legs. She went back into her room and into her closet. Red looked at her clothes and put a finger to her lips, trying to decide what to wear that day, even thought she knew what it would be most likely. 

Since this time of year the weather was warm she didn't bother to look at anything with sleeves. She grabbed her corset, it was red, belted in the front with black straps, and had a white trim around the top. It pushed her breasts up and gave her a nice amount of cleavage. It showed off her athletic stomach and it wouldn't inhibit any of her movements. After putting her corset on and getting it in the right place she grabbed her skirt. Reds skirt came to just above her knees, was all red, and had a black trim around the bottom. It tied in the front with a crisscrossing piece of twine. It covered her plenty but also allowed her to move more easily thru the forest. Then she put on her belt, it too was black, with a large buckle. She positioned the buckle just off center, to the right, and then hung a pouch from it for the herbs she would collect along the way. To compensate for the lack of protection from the skirt she grabbed her knee high boots. They were black and had heels that were a few inches high. They too had twine that laced up on the front of them, all the way to the top, making sure that nothing could fall into them as she traversed the wood. 

The last piece of her outfit she reached for was her cloak. It was a symbol of her because she almost always wore it. It kept her warm in winter and offered shelter from the rainy days. Her cloak was very long, well past her feet, and blood red. It had no sleeves but it did have a hood, which sufficiently covered her face, not just her head. She applied some of her concoctions to her body, the paste for her lips, a salve to her skin to help against the sun, and a few drops of some flower nectar that smelled very sweet. Lastly she put on her necklace, a silver chain, with a light blue gem which hung down almost to her bust.

Red would travel into the woods almost daily and find many herbs to make as many potions as she could. Everyone in the village would work for the better of each other. There was no money to exchange for any service. The butcher and the baker would make their food available while the wood cutters would build or repair homes as needed. People came to Red for her potions. Children would play and anyone older then 16 would do work for the community where they wanted. Red checked herself in the mirror one last time, and satisfied with her appearance, went into the kitchen. She grabbed her basket and filled it will all sorts of goodies. A few pieces of fruit and a wedge of cheese went into the basket first. Red then wrapped up a few bottles of her mixtures in a thick cloth and put them into the basket as well. She picked up the basket, having covered the contents with another cloth, and headed out the door. 

No one locked their doors in her village; everyone was like family, so no one ever worried about thieves. Red paused after she closed her door and breathed deeply of the air. She loved this village; it was set just inside a forest at the base of a mountain, so the air was clean and fresh all the time. She had moved here 10 years ago with her parents, her father was a wood cutter, and there was call for experienced men to help. Her and her parents moved and set up a good home here, but five years ago there was an accident and her father was killed by a beast in the forest. Her mothers' heart was broken and shortly after she disappeared into the forest and never came back. Red was 16 at the time. She had done well with her potions and made a good life for herself.

Red looked around and headed off towards the baker. Her boots making a squishing sound as she walked. Her cloak dragged along the ground, as it always did, but she loved it so much she didn't care and washed it every night. The village was built in a small circle that had grown outward as it expanded. The center ring had the well, the church, the inn, and the stables. Outwards from there were the homes, the baker, the butcher, the market, and the blacksmith. Then just beyond that ring were the farms, the mill, and the stockpiles which included grain and wood. There was a river a few minutes walk into the forest but rarely did anyone use it as there was a stream that flowed right next to the mill. Red found that she loved spending time at the river and found many items to use to make potions. She rounded the corner of the bakery and walked up to the open window. Bezzeal had the building built with the front wall able to open up the top half. That way he could bake in his shop and display his goods without having to keep running in and out of the store. Red liked him, he was older, but always had a funny story to tell and very nice.

"Bezzeal! Are you in there?" Red cried out loudly looking in his window.

"Ahhh, Red, how are you m'dear?" the old man asked as he came around the corner from the ovens. 

He was very round, looking almost like one of his own loaves of bread, and very short, shorter then Red. He wore a light grey tunic with black pants, an outfit Red never understood because he was always covered in flour, so he was usually whiter then anything else. He was balding and had a pock marked face. He had bushy eye brows and a mustache that was mostly grey now.

"I'm great thank you. How are you today?" she asked looking at him then shifted her gaze to his wares.

"Ahhh, I am wonderful today. The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and the ovens are burning. It reminds me of the time when I was younger, about your age I think, and I was distracted by a lovely woman in the village." He began as he leaned against the wall, staring off into the distance. "She was the loveliest in all the land and came to my shop, can you believe it? So she is asking me about how to do this and how I do that. We are having such a good talk that I forget about the ovens. Can you guess what happens? Sure as I'm standing here I could smell my bread burning! I had not only burned my bread but set fire to my kitchen! Well this lady just stood there laughing at me as I franticly ran about putting the fire out. I was still so distracted with her that I burned myself." He opened his tunic a bit and showed Red a burn mark over his heart. "The lady was laughing so hard that she came back every day, just to see if it would happen again. So, because she laughed at me, and teased me so much do you know how I got her back?" Red shook her head no, completely enthralled in the story, it was a new one. "I married her! HA!" Red burst out laughing and quickly covered her mouth with her hand, giggling to herself still. "So this mark, it reminds me that on that day my heart had two new marks on it, this one, and the one my wife left on me." Now enough of that, what can I get for you Little Red? I'm sure you have things to do today."

"I just need a loaf please. I'm going to Grandma today. She asked for a few potions from me so I decided to spend the day with her." Red said as she hefted the basket.

Bezzeal handed her the bread and watched as she placed it in the basket. "Be safe when walking thru the woods m'dear, you never know what's out there." He said with a smile but a hint of concern in his voice.

"I will, and thank you, take care and I'll see you later." Red said smiling, as she walked off, headed for her next stop.

She quickly got to the butcher shop as it was just a few houses away. Gromo was hacking away at a leg of something, covered in blood as usual, when she approached. He wore his usual white tunic and grey pants with an apron over his belly. He was tall and thick around the mid section. A life of cutting meat had given him enormous arms. He was bald and clean shaven and usually very serious.

"Hello Gromo. How are you on this lovely day?" Red liked to try and get a smile out of him but had yet to do so.

"Good morning Redenna. I am well thank you. How are you?" he asked looking up at her and putting the huge clever down.

"I'm good thank you. May I please get a few slices of meat?" Red asked, having given up on trying to make him smile, she knew today wasn't going to be the day. Gromo cut three large pieces of meat off of a leg and wrapped them up in a damp cloth. He approached Red, towering over her, and handed them to her. She took them from him and put them in her basket with everything else.

"Is there anything else I can do for you?" he said as he backed away to his cutting table.

"No thank you that should do it. Have a good day!" Red said as she waved goodbye.

"You as well." Gromo said as he started hacking away again.

Red continued on and headed for the blacksmith. Her heart was racing because she knew that Ellion would be there. Ellion was a childhood friend of hers. He was taller then her by a head, had long blonde hair that was usually tied back in a pony tail, and had an athletic build. He was usually soaked with perspiration, from working with the forge, and that always made Red aroused. They had shared a bed before, many times, but Red wasn't ready to settle down and start a family. Ellion understood and gave her the space she wanted. It was a good situation for both of them, no expectations, with occasional sex. When she got closer to his building she could see him hammering away on something at the anvil. His shirt was off and he was covered in sweat. He looked up and smiled at Red when she got closer. Red walked right up to him with a large smile on her face.

"Ellion, so good to see you, how is your morning?" Red asked staring into his green eyes.

"Well hello there Red, I'm great now, how have you been? It's been a few days now yes?" he asked as he stopped his work and drank from a cup on a bench behind him.

"Yeah it has. I was wondering if my knife was finished." Red asked, feeling herself getting flushed just from being closer to him, she knew she wanted him.

"Sure is. Dad worked on it all last night, polishing it up, he and mother say you need to come around for dinner soon." He said. They both knew that Ellions parents had become her substitute parents after Red's were gone. She loved his family and knew it was time to go and visit. Ellions dad was the primary blacksmith but Ellion was close to being his equal and would one day inherit the shop.

"Sounds great, I would love to see them soon, I do miss them terribly." Red said smiling.

"Well come on then, it's in the back, let's go get it." Ellion said taking her hand and dragging her to the back of the store. There was spare metal lying around, finished weapons and tools, and lots of horse shoes. Red set her basket down on a table as Ellion pulled a small box from a shelf. Red sat on the table, her cloak creating a pool of red around her and faced him as he opened the box and pulled out the knife wrapped in a cloth. He removed the cloth around the knife and showed it to Red. It had a leather sheath that was tipped and trimmed in silver. There was also a piece of twine attached to the sheath so it could be tied to or around something. The hilt was silver also and there was a blue gem, like in her necklace, at the base. 

There was a short hand guard that was etched with black lines into it. He removed the blade from the sheath and held it out to her. Red took it in her hand and looked down at it. Her eyes and mouth were wide open as she had never seen a blade so polished. The light reflecting off it almost blinded her. The blade was about seven inches in length, double sided, and had more black etchings in it. However, these marks were clearly pictures, leaves and vines covered most of the blade. Where the blade met the hilt the markings were shaped like a heart. Red turned the blade over and found that the markings were on both sides, completely identical, and finally closed her mouth.

"This...is...incredible. Ellion, I can't even express, I mean I'm speechless, it's so beautiful. Goodness, please, thank your dad for me. I love it so much." Red said mesmerized by her new weapon. She placed it back in the sheath and set it down on the table.

"Well now, my dad may have done the etchings and hilt, but I made the blade. So where is my thank you huh?" he said jokingly.

"Well come here and I'll thank you in my own way." Red said to him with a hint of playfulness in her voice. Ellion stepped forward and Red wrapped her legs around his hips and locked her feet together. She moved her hands up his damp chest, grabbed his shoulders, and pulled him down to her. She pressed her lips to his, kissing him deeply, as her hands moved around to his back, pulling him closer into her. Red could feel his hardness thru his grey trousers rubbing against her and wanted more of him. She pressed her lips harder into his, opening her mouth as he opened his, and slid her tongue into his mouth. His tongue massaged hers as she moaned quietly. 

Ellion put his hands on her face and held her head as he kissed her deeper. Their tongues explored their mouths as Red moved her hands down to his trousers. She undid the string that held them up and let them fall to the floor. He was erect but not to his fullest. She took him into her hands and started to stroke him slowly. His hands moved down from her face, caressing her shoulders, and stopped at her breasts. He took them into his hands and cupped them firmly. Red moaned into his mouth and she stroked him faster, their kiss deepening, as he was getting more excited and almost fully erect. Ellion undid the buckles on her top, and opened it up, exposing her breasts. His hands moved back to cupping her chest as he ran his fingers over her hard nipples. Red pulled her skirt up and leaned back, breaking their kiss, and guided him to her opening. 
