 Wake the next morning tangled up with Trevor, no Keith he has a new name. Do wish he had told me that before I called him Trevor to the other wenches. Work on untangling myself from him, though it does not wake him which is a little on the annoying side. Still I need the loo and asides calling him Trevor instead of Keith there is naught to discuss.

Course my dress is on the floor, he made me get out of it the regular way. Missed the choker with pearls but otherwise it was fine. Crawl out of bed and look at my dress, then shrug and head for the loo. Trevor said I'm an eager to shag bird to them so I may as well fit with what he said. Finding the loo I step in to find it is a group loo with stalls all over.

Nobody in here at least and there is paper so step in and do my business. Don't see anyone on the way back though do hear some blokes getting up. Can tell they are blokes on account they groan and a few talk to themselves. Seems to be a bloke thing on account Trevor does the same. Not that I complain, it is rather amusing.

Seems to be something done while trying to remember what was doing on this day. Scooting back in the room assigned to Trevor and me I find him sitting off to the side of the bed. He looks at me and relaxes a little so I guess feared I run off or something. Go over to him and move up close so we can speak on things and not be overheard.

"Sorry about calling you Trevor last night." 

"No worries, the lads operate on false names. Doesn't speak well for their tactics on making things better for the workers." Ponder that a moment then get it and nod.

"Attacks wouldn't help further their agenda before parliament I daresay." Trevor snorts and shakes his head.

"Too right, though aside that they don't seem to be plotting anything. Last night was lot of talk on the plight of the worker and how there should be laws enacted like mandatory days off."

"This is besides Sunday?"

"Yes, talk of five or four working days a week maximum. Honest I like the ideas, Pop worked in a factory when I was a lad. Has since moved on to management within the company."

"I would like to meet your folks."

"Daresay need to get you preggers first." I giggle then swat him.

"All a matter of time, if am able course." Trevor grabs me up and pulls closer yet for a kiss.

"Doesn't matter, shall see if can take a trip after we figure these lads out." Smile at Trevor, mean am getting closer to being his chosen wife perhaps.

"Think can make a run to market and perhaps stop for a bite?" Trevor pulls back to look at and nod though doesn't say anything, there is a knock at the door.

Get set on the floor then he hops up and pulls on his trousers while saying to wait a moment. Since I am supposed to be an eager for a shag bird I just stay wearing naught and head for the door. Look at back at him to get eye rolls then he nods on account his trousers are buttoned. So open the door and find we got a bloke standing there.

Said bloke is rather tall, wearing trousers and a shirt like one would see on the lads at market. He has blond hair though mine is more of a golden while he has close to straw colored hair. His mouth opens and yet no words form, he is looking at my breasts. Just to be cheeky I bounce so now his eyes are moving up and down with the bouncing breasts.

Trevor snorts and gets in between me and the lad. Seems to be what the lad needed, his mouth can form words now.

"Right, seems you two were going to head for market. I got slotted to tag along and see if can find some more converts with your help. The lass can do her thing there and when finish can head over to the pub, seems we have naught else to do on this day." Duck around Trevor to look at the lad.

"Wanted to stop for a bite. Can afford to pay for yours if need, got good tips." He smiles at us both.

"Too right that is a fine idea. Never you mind on my pockets, have a good supply." Trevor push toward dress so work on getting in them. "Speaking of tips, do you have a place to stash what you don't need?" Look over at Trevor and shake my head while get the corset tied off and twist it about to tighten.

"I haven't gotten a lockbox so far, do you have a spot?" Trevor shakes his head then looks at the lad so I look at the lad.

"Oh bollocks, don't have anything for you two to use. May not want a lockbox but do want, see there's no place to lock it up in here. Now we try and not theft on each other but no telling if a thief wanders in. A lockbox is obvious, and usual can be carried off." Trevor sighs and nods.

"See what you are getting at. Perhaps can find a solution while at market." Finish getting skirt on so sit on bed to get shoes.

"One thing, do I need to change his name to Keith at the pub?" The lad shakes his head.

"The places he goes regular use Trevor, every other time he is Keith." Nod then well maybe it won't look odd for me to ask.

"I can do that though why?"

"Some of the places, factories mostly, refuse anything like a union and being Worker's Union management will toss a fit. So we identify as false name to avoid coppers making it hard to be employed later."

"I'm sorry, I don't get that. Us gals are taught how to cook and clean." The lad snorts and waves his hand.

"Tis alright lass, management tossing a fit is not always fetching coppers, they will instead send out enforcers. Now any blokes knocked down and held are kept by the coppers. This can lead to prison time, once a bloke gets out if needs to find work he does not have a record under his real name." Look over at Trevor.

"This works?" Trevor nods.

"Most don't carry around papers. Coppers if they get their pants in a twist can parade a bloke around to see if anyone knows him. If they don't bother or nobody knows him as admits to, they simply trial and lock away with the name the bloke provides." Well that makes sense though there is one thing.

"So should not walk around with my papers?" The two blokes nod.

"Lass you are small so you need to have papers to get work. Most will assume you are but a child, and then if the coppers take an interest in you it helps, cheeky dress or no." Trevor points at the lad and nods so sigh and hop off bed.

"May as well walk to market and stop for a bite first or after. Unless you two are randy and want to trade off on the shag bird."

Trevor and the lad trade a glance then shake their heads as Trevor grabs my hand and we are lead through the almost maze. Almost on account the way is rather straightforward if winding a bit. Then we are outside and making our way out through the gate and into the streets proper.

"Should I be telling people about this workers thing you lot are doing?" The lad looks over at me and shakes his head.

"Best to leave that to us blokes. Sorry lass, most blokes consider you birds as nothing better than a handy wench or bird to marry."

That is rather insulting and would comment on other gals like nurses, whores, and we are even learning to be scientists. Don't comment on account Trevor squeezes my hand. Am a little out of sorts over this though, gals are nothing more than handy wenches or wives my hiney. Still asides the quite poor and the gals who shoved their way into it, gals don't work.

For those of us who do work it's hard work though the pay is rather good, bit over half a pound in one day. Can't call that a pittance pay like you see in dock workers. Makes me wonder how much I would make in a brothel though, most of those you don't do anything aside shag a paying bloke and look desirable.

Can't call that hard work, though imagine being ready for that many shags would be tough. Am a little sore and only had two yesterday, well three though don't precisely call a suck hard on my chute. Does bring to mind one thing so may as well ask the lad, not like there are plenty of folk around us at moment.

"What about dock workers? I made nigh on a weeks worth for one in a day and all I did was run pints and plates."

"Got shagged twice." Roll my eyes at the lad.

"No pay for the shag, just feel good and is fun." He looks over at me.

"You don't get paid for the shag?" Shake my head.

"Illegal to do that outside of the red light. Asides as it was explained to me I don't demand pay for a shag, if a bloke feels like tipping that is one thing. I got plenty of tip just running plates and pint though."

"Should be able to get paid for a shag, plenty of the strumpets to be found. Most are at brothel but not all and those are perfectly fine, for parliament." Look up at Trevor to find he no have expression so guess can say what think.

"They are not fine, most blokes go brothel are married. Not supposed to shag outside marriage, fact there are so many strumpets and whores only means there are plenty of blokes that will shag outside their marriage. Honest if a married bloke was that eager for a shag he should shag his wife." Couple gals walking other way cheer at my little speech.

"So why are you working as a wench and eager to shag?" Look over at the lad then up at Trevor, get wink so grin at the lad.

"Am working as a wench on account the big lug here lost work and dragging his feet on proposing." Wink and lean across Trevor little. "Also think he like that his bird is easy to shag." Trevor sigh and turn red, makes the bloke and me laugh.

"I am not dragging my feet, waiting to have the wages so can afford a ring." Pinch Trevor on his backside.

"Still say you want this bird to shag around." 

Trevor sigh and swat on head so figure on being quiet now. Market is coming up as well so we split up. I head for the areas where there are gals and blokes looking for work. Plenty admiring looks out of the blokes though am looking for more wenches so pay them no mind. Head over to the gals, well one of with others in the area.

Yell out about how know a place to work for gals and am swamped. So lay out where and what is involved. Most of the gals don't want to do that, not that I blame them it's hard work. Two gals do want to work as a wench however which is great, five wenches is not enough for something like twelve big tables.

Course one gal wants to get a better shirt and doesn't have the funds. So we go looking, the other gal figures on having good enough for now. Course she follows along, probably because I promised to stop and get a bite before heading over to the pub. Takes a little searching but we find her a great shirt that is open at top to show off what she was blessed with.

So once we find that and I pay for it, she promises to pay later, we go looking for Trevor and the lad. Find both with a few more lads talking about the union thing so we stand off to the side and wait. Takes a bit then Trevor and the lad are coming over to us.

"Perhaps have a few converts so was a profitable day in those respects. Daresay you got a couple wenches." Nod and smile though looking at Trevor.

"Needed to buy this one a better shirt so not profitable for me but she will pay me back." Trevor snorts and shakes his head.

"Only found two?" Nod and sigh.

"Not all the gals wanted to wench. The work is hard and then shags sound good but then we are closer to trollops than anything else."

"Blokes do decide to marry trollops." Smile up at Trevor then kick him.

"Yet you still have not given this one a ring." The two gals are giggling and the lad is chuckling while Trevor rolls his eyes then kicks me back.

"Waiting on having steady work. Come on let's stop for a bite then off to the pub." 

Trevor grabs my hand so I'll forgive him the kick, did start it course but it is fun to poke at him. Shouldn't get kicks for poking, least it wasn't a hard kick and the gals are following along. We end up following the directions of the lad, he knows a good place for a bite. Bit of a long walk course so we may take a bit to reach the pub.

Course before we reach the place for a bite a dirigible appears and the lad is nervous. Takes Trevor to an alley and bids me to be a distraction on account the dirigible is come this way. Knowing a copper can only come down for a row or fuss I wave my hands and hop. Get the gals doing same with giggles.

Rope come down then the copper follows on the rope. When he is standing on the street I realize this is the same copper that had follow along to help Trevor. Smile at the bloke and he is a smile back when he gets closer.

"Lass I see you followed my instructions. Cheeky bird now to boot." I giggle a bit.

"Got work, am a wench in a pub. You coppers raid some on account us wenches make good tips and get shagged. Honest tips are not because of the shagging." He snorts and shakes his head.

"Yeah I know the place you mean, so who are your friends and what is the fuss?"

"These gals are going to be wenches with, walking to get a bite first. The fuss is want to take a look in your dirigible, see them often but never been up in one." He snorts and looks up at the dirigible a moment.

"Not proper, but daresay I can allow. Need for you to follow up, can't allow for you to sit in proper. Let me know if you can't manage the climb, these are work to get in and out of." Nod and smile, this is a treat.

Up he goes so I follow behind, get to slow down since he is climbing slower. Suppose he was right about it being work to climb up the rope to reach the dirigible. Do make it though and it was not that slow an ascent so not bad work. He sits as I am climbing up to where he is so he is settling when I reach him.

Look about and well honestly it is a little less than I figured. There is a chair for him to sit, with pedals like for a bicycle sticking out the bottom. There is no steering wheel, instead there is a wheel sticking out of the chair he is perched atop. There are spots for things to be placed, an array of cuffs, and a box marked first aid.

"I was expecting more." He snorts and grins.

"The pedals here are part of a gear system that power the fans. Is a little hard to get going and when it is windy we simply can't come out in these." I can imagine that.

"So what is the wheel there for?"

"This wheel rotates the platform we are in. No need for a directional control with this dirigible. Honest if it wasn't for the heavy winds problem there would be lots more of these." I nod and open my mouth then close it since his hand came up. "Look I saw the blokes dash in the alley, I'm going to give you the benefit and simply ask what is going on."

"Well alright you caught me, I'm not really a wench. Well I am and I am not, I am actually employed by royal police, bloke we helped took me to headquarters and well after some training here we are. Got a job in the pub on account there is a group that frequents it. There is a suspicion they are plotting against Her Majesty."

"Are they?" Ponder a moment and shake my head.

"Honestly I doubt it, they want to get required days off a week, better pay. Mention of allowing a wench to sell her body outside of the red light. Course this is the second day so I only know a little of what they are doing."

"Not a thing to care about, I wouldn't mind more days off." Snort and giggle.

"Yeah, Trevor said the same. His pop works in a factory, management now. Oh shoot Trevor is the bloke we helped out last week." He nods and smiles.

"Didn't get his name at the time so thanks for clarifying. So is the pub in need of raids or should we monitor it?"

"Honestly if you can get a raid in a day or two, the lads in Worker's Union tend to go to the pub so we can get a few arrested and question." 

"I will pass it up, no promises." Nod then well best be asking.

"You are not wondering why I am investigating a plot as royal police?" He grins and shakes his head.

"After helping out last week leftenant made sure to fill me in on what royal police actually do. I am in line for promotion to sergeant." He just looks at me a moment then opens his mouth again. "How are you going to explain why you stayed up here so long?" Ponder a moment then grin.

"I gave a suck. I'm supposed to be an eager shag bird."

"Sounds good, though I think next time I run across you I better get a suck." Snort and giggle.

"You are cheeky, but yes I would like that. Trevor is too big for me to suck and I do enjoy."

"So you two are serious?" Smile at the question.

"Yes as much as we can be. Have a rule, only shag others when need to. I'll need speak to him about sucks, hopefully he allows."

"If you enjoy doing and can't with him I'd hope so as well. Anyway go on and get down, and I may drop by the pub, if the wenches are not doing anything wrong and do shag I may as well enjoy." Snort and giggle.

"Sounds good so long as you aren't married."

Get a grin then he shows me his hands, no ring and no mark of one removed. Smile at him then climb down the rope that is then pulled up so he can continue on his way. Get joined by Trevor and the lad shortly after he gets on his way. 

"What did you do?" Wink at Trevor then turn to the lad.

"Gave him a suck. Just cause he was nice enough to let me up to see the dirigible. Honestly there is less up there than figured."

Us gals giggle a bit on but do get on our way for the bite. We are hungry and do need get to the pub. Reaching the place for a bite we find it is a tiny little place. You sit out on the park just in front of the building. Luckily it is built back far enough there is no danger of a motor carriage running in to anyone seated here.

Even get menus so this is a right proper place. Not had a menu before so look it over before deciding on a beef sandwich. Even get a goodly number of drinks to get, though most are expensive except for the oddest thing, root beer.

"What is root beer?" The waiter grins at the question.

"It is not a drink like beer or wine. Instead it is a rather interesting foamy liquid that is a little sweet. It is made across the pond, we get it on account sailors come up here sometimes and have had it there so we looked into getting it shipped. It is a rather cheap to get drink so manager is hoping we sell it often."

Well so this sounds good and order one. The rest of us order one as well, I mean we will go to a pub next so may as well help out here a little with something they want to sell. Get the drinks in no time, comes in a bottle after all, so we all take a sip and it's rather good. Food comes so we all enjoy our sandwich with root beer.

Honestly this is a really great place so I'll have to see if can get Trevor to come back here often. Course I'll have to ask if we can as well, I mean if we are not supposed to be known as royal police then going places visited by people we look at may be bad. Not that I can ask him at the moment, got a person we are investigating with us.

Doesn't take us long and we have had our fill. Do order a second round of root beer, since comes in a bottle we can take it with us. After paying the bill, surprisingly low amount for five people to get a full plate and two root beer each, we head for the pub. Takes a bit but finally we make it to the pub and step in.

Packed is a good term and it's just a bit after lunch. Also only three wenches here at the moment so all three are clapping when I announce two new wenches. Fix a look on Trevor as take them to the hallway to meet Calvin. Unsure on if he will come and talk to me I open the door and push in before me.

"These two gals want to work as a wench." Calvin is beaming at me.

"Wee Lass you are a saint, go on out there I'll teach these two all they need." Giggle and turn to them.

"He demanded a suck out of me, nice to do, he tasted good and fit." Turn to Calvin while they giggle. "May get more blokes and gals come in, talked us up at the market and plenty about. The gals didn't want to be trollops, not but close enough. The blokes will relate and word will spread so the gals who want to almost trollop will drop by."
