 This one (and Everything Under The Sun) have been sitting on my hard drive for two years. Don't ask me where this one came from. But you may be able to help me decide where it's going. Just remember one thing: if you don't know what "futa" is, back away slowly. If you DO like this stuff (you fucking pervert), I recommend "The Sex Star" by Pinata.

*

I don't know how I came to be here. I barely remember who I was. I'm sure I had a name once. They're doing something to me. Arriving here is the first thing I remember. Ever.

I don't even remember waking up. I remember being naked, standing with my arms very securely secured behind my back, ankles shackled together. I can't even remember what my hands look like. That's when Dr. Bell slipped the hood off my head.

I was a place I would come to know simply as The Lab. The light was dim but hurt my eyes anyway. Blue mostly, coming from a few soft lights and a lot of instrument panels. I was shaking. I remember thinking, "this isn't college!"

Dr. Bell stood before me. A woman in a lab coat, talking into a recording device like I wasn't there.

"Specimen 44168, Dr. Bell. Specimen is 18 years of age, 5'4" tall, 115 pounds," she recited. I protested, but ended up just making a squawking noise through the ring gag in my teeth. "Flaccid length of five inches."

I was shaking. I remember having been very self-conscious about my deformity prior to that. I can't recall the specifics, no images or sounds, but I remember being taught that I had something extra down there, something other little girls don't have. It was perfectly manageable, disappearing under normal clothing until I was about 14. Then I started to develop as a young woman. It had developed with me. I remember it must have had me running to various bathrooms or other places because I was feeling "sick" throughout puberty. I had no idea what I was going to do when I got to college. But I never got there. Instead I woke up here. And after concealing it all my life--somehow--here I was, bound and naked, with a doctor looking right at my nude body, and very obviously taking notes on my penis. So you can imagine how I felt when she reached out and took it in her hand.

I stiffened and squealed, tears in my eyes now. I don't remember why I didn't just turn away. I think there might have been some "conditioning" before that, or maybe I was just paralyzed with fear, but I watched, looking past my breasts as she cradled it at first, palm up, looking it over. With a squeak I blinked in shock and when my vision cleared of tears, I realized she was masturbating me! As I whined in protest, struggling to stay on my feet, I helplessly watched myself get hard. Soon my body had taken over and my hips were thrust stiffly forward, surrendering to her ministrations, having dripped enough pre-cum to wet the head and her hand. She then frustrated me by stopping. I remember looking alarmed and offended as she then measured it with a ruler.

"...specimen's erect length, fifteen inches." My hips twitched a little, trying to catch up to the pleasure that had gone away. She went on, ignoring my distress completely. "Specimen is prepped for preliminary sample."

She then started to lead me--by my cock!--to the other end of the room, slowly as I awkwardly dealt with the sensations she was using to control me and unsteadily walked with the hobbles on my feet. I'd certainly never be running in these. She was leading me to a machine, a cylindrical appliance about as big around as a large tree trunk that went all the way from ceiling to floor, standing me right up to an aperture about waist level. It was a vertical slot about a foot long, probably so people of any height could use it, right in line with my penis. It was then she produced what I thought at first was a pen, but extended into a metal antenna, with which she shocked my buttocks with rather than instruct me in English...I lurched forward, lodging the head of my cock into the slot. It was lined with latex and some kind of lubricant. She then "encouraged" me forward until I was fully inserted. She then urged me some more until I was forced to fuck this receptacle. I had already been bothered by her hand, even my pussy was really wet now, and I was already crying from the shocks, so before long I was thrusting my hips on my own and moaning in anguished embarrassment at myself. Finally I threw myself against the console, my body tensing, my voice catching in my throat as I gushed semen into the machine.

My breasts heaving, I caught my breath as a green light flashed on the machine, and it beeped happily.

"Preliminary sample complete, results pending upload. Specimen to be prepped for extraction immediately."

I was still reeling and dizzy when she pulled me out of the machine by my cuffs and turned me around. And then she began jerking me again. I wailed in protest as she teased me right back to attention, then began to lead me by my cock through the door of the room into the lab.

I was rubbernecking in the corridor. The left side of the hallway was glass, looking out on the facility's containment cells. And as I walked, I began to see. Others like me were being led around, women with twelve to twenty inch cocks, bound and ring-gagged, led around by women in lab coats or scrubs. I was led around the occasional drops or small puddle of semen. Apparently accidents happened on occasion.

I must not have had any lovers up until this point. I had a penis for god's sake, fifteen inches erect, no boy would have touched me, no boy with a smaller cock than mine anyway and some seriously kinky taste. Erections like mine would have been hard to hide, too, I must have seemed unreachable, running off whenever a boy hit on me. So you can imagine how I felt being seen completely naked and bound helplessly in front of strange women, one of which was holding me by my aberrant cock...needless to say I was terrified. But I walked. I walked painfully slowly, Dr. Bell teasing me along by my head. I saw that there must have been hundreds there like me, thousands in containment. Apparently my "type" all have the obnoxiously large genitalia and slavishly-responsive sex drives in common, and we all ejaculate about a cup or more of fluid with each emission. What exactly I am or how we come to be I've never been sure. They just call us "specimens."

"Oo, that's a fine one you have there," said another doctor, sliding in beside Dr. Bell. "Is she fresh?" This action put me shoulder to shoulder with another hermaphrodite woman like myself, this one with a bit gag. She looked back at me briefly, eyes lidded with the fatigue of constant arousal, a feeling I was starting to get what with being kept constantly erect.

"Just delivered, taking her in for milking!" said Dr. Bell brightly. "This one's really well behaved." She gave me a friendly jerk that nearly finished me, a maneuver she must have mastered after years of practice. I squeaked and stumbled, neither doctor seeming to take this as anything other than business as usual. My pussy clenched and I remember that being when the first drop of lubricant leaked out of my pussy onto my thigh.

The two doctors talked as if neither me nor the other girl were there. Then they bid their farewells, and I was taken out of the main corridor to a side passage. Dr. Bell slid a keycard in a door panel, and the metal door slid open. It looked like a small closet, it was the home of some metal crates. Was this my room? She led me inside, pushed the button that closed the door, and locked it.

I watched her uneasily as she looked back at me for a moment, in the eye for the first time, then sat against a crate with her legs apart and raised her skirt up. Watching me intensely, she pulled her panties aside, exposing her vagina. It was soaked as indicated by the wet spot on the crotch of her underwear, and they way it glistened when she parted her lips and began teasing herself, and I was alarmed as it dawned on me that another woman was masturbating at me. I cowered a little, whimpering, but then she firmly grasped my hips, knelt down and inserted me into her mouth. I was essentially being raped, but it was the first oral sex, or any kind of sex, I'd ever felt, and I was making choked noises right away, convulsing and gasping as she sucked the head of my cock, which was enough to fill her mouth. It was when she reached her free hand (the other was still masturbating) under my cock and slid a finger into my wet pussy that I screamed out a choked noise and exploded into her mouth. She gulped all of it expertly. She swallowed all of me down, causing me to slump against the crates stacked behind me, moaning and gasping. She stood up, primly wiped her mouth with a napkin she'd had on her somewhere, then hid it in her lab coat.

And then she began jerking me again! The same gentle palm-up tugging as before, the same as all the doctors used to bring us back to full arousal. I was really unhappy that time. I actually struggled a little so she had to shock my breasts to calm me down before she led me out of the closet again.

I was really frustrated now. My gait had gotten a bit more unsteady than before. As she led me back into the main corridor, we were immediately stopped by a nurse coming the other way.

"Dr. Bell! Doctor, we need your help, Specimen 22131 is having an episode, we need one more to release her and your specimen is rigged for oral capacity!"

Bell looked from the nurse to me and back again, saying "I think we can spare a moment."

I was taken to quite a scene. A more fit looking specimen was rebelling. She had somehow gotten her ring gag off, and as they tried to get it back in her mouth, she kept screaming angrily, "you can't do this to me! I'm a human being, you can't treat me like this, you can't do this to me!! You'll never--" and that was it for coherent speech from a specimen. Already they'd led two other herms to her and seemed to be getting them ready for something. The rebelling woman was forcibly bent over by numerous shocks and about four pairs of female arms.

"I hope this works," said the nurse, as she helped Dr. Bell force me to my knees in front of this woman. Another specimen, a young-looking one like me, was positioned in front of her face, while a more mature one, Asian-looking, about 25, was led up behind her.

"Okay, ready?" said Dr. Bell. I wasn't ready. "Go!"

All at once, the timid girl behind me was "guided" into the rebelling woman's mouth, silencing her with a sputtering noise, which she was incited to fuck without much trouble. The tall one behind her was incited to slide her cock into the specimen's pussy. This pushed the rebellious one's penis into my subdued mouth.

It's a good thing she was "smaller" than usual (which still means about 12 inches or so) or I might have choked. I watched her hips pushed forward as she was raped from behind which pushed her cock into the ring gag and rubbed the head on my tongue. Behind me I could hear the girl in the rebelling specimen's mouth whimpering, repulsed but succumbing. In front of me I could see strands and droplets of lubricant dangled and broke from the woman's pussy as it was violated. Her noises became less assertive and more desperate and pronounced. She was ready to cum.

"Now!" said Dr. Bell.

The doctors electrically prodded the others all at once, in the anus, thighs, breasts, causing them all to orgasm. Cum filled my mouth, and I gulped it as best I could, though a lot of it spilled down my neck and onto my breasts. I could see semen dripping down her thighs and hear her swallowing the younger one's cum just to breathe.

Then it was over. All that fucking--and apparently all that girl semen--had shut her down. Exhausted, she was carried on either side. And after the doctors worked their erections up again (mine hadn't gone anywhere), that was that. Dr. Bell was thanked for her quick action and assistance, and business resumed, me once again being led to parts unknown.

That lasted about twenty feet before we were stopped again.

"Ahh, Dr. Kepler!" said Dr. Bell brightly. The older woman in her path did not look so congenial.

"You smell like semen, Dr. Bell," she assessed coldly.

"Well, I do work in a facility that extracts and processes girl semen for export!" Bell said, just being cheeky now. "We just had an incident with--"

Kepler cut her off. "Do you know what could happen to you if I find you've been "sampling" the product?""Only if you're making a formal accusation. Otherwise, I have things to do," said Dr. Bell, sliding right by Kepler with me in tow. "Have a nice day, doctor!"

I glanced behind me, and for the briefest moment, Kepler looked me in the eye. It seemed the people here could not or would not regard us as human beings, but for just that instant I could see that she was tempted to try just to hear my testimony condemn Dr. Bell.

Then I came to what looked like a medical lobby. Along one wall were stalls, like tiny shower stalls that didn't come up above the chest or below the waist. I was led to a front desk. Some were occupied by girls, probably like me, facing the wall.

"I have a fresh one for extraction," said Dr. Bell.

The lab technician behind the desk didn't look up from her laptop. She nodded toward the stalls. "All the slots are full, go ahead and put her on standby."

Standby? My experience in the last 20 minutes since I'd awakened in the lab had numbed me to the point that I just followed Dr. Bell when she tugged my cock toward the far wall. But I quailed a bit when I got there. The occupants were making noises like they were being...manipulated. I'd see why in a moment. Bell opened the gate and judged me inside. On a flexible stalk was a clear rubber suction cup, and in front of me was a hose hanging from the ceiling. The suction cup she slipped over the head of my cock, which it fit perfectly. The attachment at the end of the hose fit in my gag, and dispensed water. Two screens above each stall depicted medical camera close-ups of our cocks and vaginas, illuminated by LEDs and all, displaying our genitals for anyone to "monitor" as they passed. Then she closed me in and latched the gate, and there she left me.

That's when the suction cup began vibrating.

I wailed miserably. God, not more of this. It wasn't quite enough to make me cum, but I knew what it was meant to do. Soon I was struggling against my bonds, trying to find a way to hump or fuck the suction cup, to no avail. They held me at full erection, on the edge of orgasm, sweating and shifting uncomfortably--"on standby"--for about a torturous hour before someone came and got me...

...I wasn't struggling or shifting by then. I was like all the others, standing mostly still, waiting, enduring it, lubricant running out of my pussy down to my knees, my cock or hips twitching from time to time, and me making the occasional whimpering noise. I barely heard it when the door to my stall was opened. A woman in a jumpsuit with lab goggles turned off my cock teaser and took the drinking hose out of my mouth. I sagged exhaustedly. She waited a few seconds before taking the rubber bell cup off the head of my cock, the pleasure of which might have finished me if she hadn't waited. And then, yet another beautiful young woman, this lab technician took me by the head and led me away. I followed behind her, younger than Dr. Bell, a little older than me. In this state of arousal, girls were starting to look appealing. I wished she'd just tug me a little harder, just to get rid of the aching feeling that had built up...I felt like I'd gained three pounds just waiting there. But no, she just led me, brightly smiling, down a hall toward another woman at a desk, also in a jumpsuit and goggles, presiding over a large steel door.

"This one's ready!" said my handler cheerfully. "She's loaded up and leaking, aren't ya, girl?"

I nodded miserably. The older woman behind the desk pointed a pen at her. "Hey! Don't talk to the livestock!" she scolded. "You start thinking of them as human, we get all sorts of problems around here."

"Sorry. Taking her into the plant now. Number..." she turned me so she could look at my shoulder blade, and shined a blue light on it. "44168," she recited. Did I have a tattoo? A brand? Where'd that come from?

"OK, get her ready."

I was led to what turned out to be a shower, on the other side of the room. No partitions, no privacy, just a nozzle and a drain. Other apparatus was built into the wall, such as a soap dispenser and a locking hook to attach my bonds, to which I was affixed while the water was sprayed on me. The girl set about washing my nipples, my anus, my vagina and my penis, which she was careful to keep erect with a few sponge strokes from time to time. She washed the cum off my breasts from the incident in the hallway, at the very least, but other than that I was mostly just more exposed and humiliated for the experience.

The sign above the large double-doors said LAB 4. The technician led me briskly to the door, which slid open with a keycard. Beyond it was a second set of double doors. The first set of doors closed behind us when we approached the second. It's a good thing there was nowhere to run and the doors were soundproofed. Id've run away if I could have when the doors opened to Lab 4.

As it was there were people to secure me when I screamed and panicked, trying to first run in every direction at once, and then cowering in the corner. They lifted me by my arms and dragged me into Lab 4, immersing me in sounds of screaming, moaning, some crying.

It was like a small theater. There was seating arranged in a semicircle, in rows overlooking the machine. In most of the chairs were Specimens, They were held in place by black straps over their ankles, knees, thighs, wrists, elbows, necks and across their bellies, holding their legs spread wide open and their arms above their heads. There were...hoses leading from them. These trailed to the middle of the room, to a machine like the first one I was forced to mount. It was much larger, again floor to ceiling, cylindrical and glowing a bright blue with many transparent components. It looked to be "processing" us.

I was placed in an empty one. I was fitted with "attachments" to match the rest of the girls in the room. A large, chrome dildo was slid into my vagina, and a suction cup on my clit. A small bullet was inserted into my anus, and two leads that looked like EKG monitors were attached to my nipples, which they were modified to fit over. And over my cock, the tube. It had a long transparent hose running from it. I was going to be milked. Our purpose couldn't be more clear. We were livestock.

They left me there with the rest of them. My chair was activated. Soon I was screaming like the rest.

For the rest of the day I joined the others in being alternately teased and then overstimulated as the components inserted and attached would vibrate, and, in the case of girls like myself who were responsive to pain, mixed with mild electric shocks. These were delivered through all the attachments, including the tube on my cock and suction cup on my clit. The shocks and vibrations would be low for a while, then suddenly extremely intense, forcing us to cum into the tubes (and sometimes squirt, which drained into gratings in the floor). I watched as my cock was pumped dry, the fluid traveling down the tube into the core. It seemed to be able to monitor me. It waited, teasing me until I'd filled up again, then ground another rush of semen out of me, screaming at the top of my lungs sometimes. After the first hour I was thrashing and struggling. After about five more I stopped again.

I barely remember when my "shift" was up and they came to get me. All I really remember is where they made me sleep...

It was a water tank, like a hot tub, lounged out on my back in very warm water, my head on the headrest, my hair trailing in to the bubbling tank. I was inside some kind of pod, largely unable (but mostly unwilling) to move. The warmth kept my cock extended but not painfully hard. I was left to soak out the ache of the day. I couldn't help but sleep. I would have slept better if I'd known I was never going back to Lab 4. I might have slept poorly if I'd known where I was going instead.
