 "You'll be right here Brett? I'm sorry that I have to leave you like this," said Paul.

"It's ok Paul, Scott will be here in two hours," said Brett.

"Ok, thanks for covering for me," said Paul.

"It's alright your wife is having your child go on," said Brett.

"Thanks mate," said Paul grabbing his coat as he walked out the door.

"I'll be doing the rounds," said Brett.

"See you tomorrow," said Paul.

Walking through the empty halls of the museum his boots echoed down the halls with each step. He loved the quiet serenity of the museum at night, the intricate centuries old paintings appeared more vivid and vibrant. The sculptures seemed to come alive as a strange energy flowed through the empty halls that only seemed to exist after the museum was closed to the public.

Close by in the classical sculpture room the statues moved as if they were really alive. A voice sounded from a statue of a woman in a Greek style toga, "I think this is the perfect time to bring him into this,"

Another statue's head turn and replied to her a deep male voice resonating from the finely sculpted statue, "Yes I think he will be perfect for you Amelia," 

"Thank you Joseph," said Amelia as colour blossomed across her body turning the vibrant white marble into living sun-kissed flesh. Her toga had turned into a vibrant white sheet of silken cloth, she stepped off the statue pedestal smiled at Joseph and strode from the room as Brett's echoing footsteps approached the room. Before Brett reached the room all the pictures and sculptures hardened back into their original states.

Brett walked into the sculpture room his favourite place in the museum. The statues felt more animated during the night shift and when he was alone he felt as if the statues were watching him.

He looked around the darkened room and found himself walking towards the area of the room where the fine marble statue of the goddess of craftsmen stood. He approached the statue of the god of craftsmen and found the statue behind him missing it was just a blank marble pedestal. He grabbed his radio ready to report the missing statue he turned and found the most enchanting woman standing in the doorway. Her crystal white toga seemed to shimmer with ethereal quality in the low light of the sculpture room. It was then he released it was the missing statue come to life. Her long honey brown hair draped down her back like a fine silken cloak.

She approached him her feet covered in fine silk slippers as she gracefully glided across the marble floor towards him. 

"You won't be needing this Brett, I'm right here nothing is missing. I would say that nothing would go missing with you around, we've been watching you for months now," said Amelia huskily. Her tone sent shivers up his spine as she pulled his radio out of his hand and switched it off.

"But how?" asked Brett stunned.

"I am a goddess you know that don't you? Of course you do, I can see the intelligence inside of you. I know your hands have been used to make things, beautiful things," whispered Amelia as she grabbed his hands rubbing her thumbs along the creases in his palms.

"In case you're wondering what goddess I am, I am Ophelia Goddess of Craftsmen. But please call me Amelia I like the more modern name better I think," said Amelia.

Brett shuddered as a tingling wave of pleasure washed over him as she brushed the pressure points in his hands. "I have a question to ask of you, wouldn't it get boring in here all the time?"

Amelia smiled and said "These statues are merely conduits to our passage into this world, we spend most of our time elsewhere,"

Brett blinked as he tried to regain control of his senses as Amelia had him totally entranced. "I know my aura can be a bit overwhelming at times," she husked against his ear. He moaned involuntarily as she nipped him. She directed him towards the leather back-less seat in the corner of the room in full view of the seemingly alive statues.

"You have a perfect body Brett," she whispered seductively as she brushed a hand down his chest feeling his muscles under his shirt then dropping below his belt and grabbing him through his pants. He groaned as Amelia pressed herself against him, she reveled in the feeling of him hardening in her grasp. She released him and slowly began unbuttoning his shirt reveling his bronzed chest to her view pushing his unbuttoned shirt off his shoulders she leaned down and licked at his pebbled nipples. He gasped as her teeth caught the hard buds as she pulled his shirt off his arms and dropped it to the floor. 

She pushed him down on to the chair and said "It is time for me to do a detailed exploration of your body Brett, you've seen me enough times to know me. It's my turn," said Amelia her tongue flicking out and lashing his throbbing nipples. He groaned as his hands grasped at the leather seat, she continued to suckle and bite his nipples while her hands massaged his sides and stomach muscles feeling every ridge and plain of his finely sculpted body.

His belt began digging into his waist as his pants became painfully tight against his bulging hardness. He grunted against the pressure as Amelia swiped her tongue down his chest and over his abs. Her hands reached for his belt and unbuckled it then pulled his pants open before tugging his pants and boxers down slightly. Brett's head thudded back on the seat as he groaned while Amelia's tongue swiped the heated flesh very close to his throbbing hardness. Her tongue brushed across the top of his exposed pubic hair making him gasp as his hands grasped for the sides of the seat.

'He's going to love this' she thought as she grabbed his pants and boxers and yanked them down to his ankles. She quickly engulfed his thickness and wrapped her tongue around him and began stroking him with her tongue.

Brett's back arched up sliding him deeper into her mouth while he cried out and clamped an iron grip onto the underside of the leather seat. His eyes rolled in his head as the intense pleasure sent tremors through him.

'He tastes so good, like nectar,' she thought as she dragged her tongue up and down his aching shaft. As soon as she dragged her lips up his shaft again he couldn't take it any longer as her teeth grazed over his pulsating head. He thrust his hips up trying to add more friction to the already unbelievable pleasure he was receiving. She grasped his hips pushing him into the leather of the seat. She increased the speed of her tongue pulling her lips back so her teeth dragged lightly over his flesh. Brett's hands tightened painfully into the seat as the pleasure burned through him. He gave a loud shout before his orgasm tore from him spilling himself into her waiting mouth. He lay there panting recovering from the intensity of his release while she pulled off his shoes and then completely removed his pants and boxers dropping them next to his shirt.

"Now you know what comes next," said Amelia pulling the pins out of her toga letting the silken fabric fall to the ground revealing her body to him. She laid down on the seat while Brett struggled to his feet.

The strange energy present in the room began to vibrate around him and it was if he knew exactly what to do. He kneeled down before her and pulled her legs apart while he slid his rough hands up her legs to her thighs. He reached down and bit her thigh lightly making her gasp. 'I have to try and give back as good as she gave me,' thought Brett determinedly as he caressed her thighs with his thumbs.

Amelia thought as his teeth and tongue grazed over her skin 'He's so amazing, I am so aware of him. This must be how Joseph felt when he found Mary,' 

She cried out surprised as Brett bit her folds sharply before stabbing his tongue deep inside of her. She burrowed her hands into his short thick brown hair as his tongue probed deeply inside of her swiping at her walls.

"Oh Brett, soo good," moaned Amelia as she fisted her hands in his hair. Brett grunted as fire traveled down his spine as she pulled at his hair. He probed deeper into her searching for that sweet spot, his coarse stubble abrading her sensitive lips while his tongue dug deeper. She writhed against him her legs pressed into his back wrapping her thighs around his neck keeping him locked into place while her hands dug into his hair. She shrieked the moment he found her sweet spot flickering over it with his tongue and rubbing his coarse chin over her sent sizzling fireworks of pleasure through her.

He rapidly flicked his tongue around inside her as her orgasm approached, she screamed out her pleasure as her release exploded from her, crashing waves of pleasure flooded over her senses as Brett tried to pull back from her. She slowly unfurled her clenched fingers from his hair and unlocked her legs from around his head. Brett pulled back and stood up, Amelia took the time to study Brett's body his sculpted arms and legs and well defined torso sent heat rushing back to her core. "You really shouldn't hide such an amazing body away Brett," husked Amelia as she beckoned him forward.

"I know but my uniform covers well doesn't it?" asked Brett as he slid onto the slick leather seat.

"Yes it does," purred Amelia pulling him into a deep kiss. One of her hands reached down and stroked him making him groan into their heated kiss.

Amelia broke their kiss and purred "Ride me Brett, make me scream,"

Brett growled and grabbed her hips he pushed her hard against the seat as he straddled her. Her hot gaze cut into him, a deep primal growl rumbled from him as he pushed into her. Amelia gasped breaking her eye contact, she dug her long nails into his back as he thrust into her with primal force. She reached up and captured his lips in a sucking kiss, her tongue probed into his mouth as his tightened his grip on her waist. Their tongues battled with each other while their primal dance continued, Amelia wrapped her legs around his pushing him in deeper. She thrust her hips up to his pulling him into the hilt, she locked her muscles over him keeping him locked deeply inside her. 

Brett groaned and bucked against her trying to pull out of her phenomenal strength, Brett cried out in pleasure as her muscles rippled teasingly around him. Her muscles loosened slightly allowing him to drag himself out slowly. They groaned at the sensation as she continued pulling at him.

When Brett slid back into her he cursed and moaned "You're so tight," he rammed his way in parting her resisting muscles. Amelia cried out as Brett slammed into just the right spot her fingers dug deeper into Brett's back drawing blood. Amelia dragged him into another searing kiss hot enough to melt diamonds. They thrust against each other their sweat slicked bodies sliding against them adding to the burning ball of pleasure growing inside them.

Brett hissed as his sweat ran down his back mixing with blood and open scratches. Amelia thrust her full body against him as the tide of burning pleasure washed over her, she sucked him deep inside her and held him there. The pulsing contractions of her walls sent Brett wild he gripped her waist hard as she kept him locked inside her. A visible shudder rocketed through him as his orgasm speared his senses the grip she had on him increased the burning fire of his release as his pulsing cock spilled into her. 

He collapsed exhausted over her trembling from his release. Amelia brushed her fingers through his sweat damp hair and kissed him tenderly. 

"Wow, that was so amazing," panted Brett as he finally began to be able to catch his breath.

Pinned underneath his hard body Amelia sighed and said "I know it was a lot better then what I was hoping for, can you move Brett you're kind of squashing me," 

Brett groaned and pulled out of her rolling on his side.

"Thanks, I have to go Brett, but same time tomorrow?" asked Amelia seductively.

"Yeah sure," panted Brett still drunk on pleasure. 

Amelia stepped up on to her pedestal after she had finished pinning her toga together like water her body changed into sculpted perfection. Brett groaned and dragged himself off the seat and noticed that somehow only five minutes had passed.

Part II

By the end of the week Brett was completely worn and exhausted, "You really should take the rest of the night off Brett," said Paul concerned

"No, you need to you're supposed to be taking your daughter home from the hospital tonight," said Brett.

"Thanks, are you sure you're going to be ok? You look ready to drop at any moment," said Paul.

"Yeah I'll be fine, I've got the next two days off," said Brett.

"Good, you need it, I'll see you then," said Paul.

"Get out of here and go get your daughter mate," said Brett.

Paul grinned and grabbed his coat from the chair. 

'I'll just have to tell Amelia that I'm too exhausted to do anything tonight,' thought Brett as he picked up his torch. As Brett's footsteps echoed down the empty halls Amelia asked her brother "It's time, does everybody approve?" 

"Yes, they all think that Brett will make a good addition to our family," said Joseph.

"Good, I found the perfect room for this," said Amelia her body animating as she spoke.

When Brett moved into the room sure enough Amelia's pedestal was blank. Amelia curled her hand and around the back of Brett's neck and kissed him tenderly.

"I'm too tired tonight to do anything I'm sorry Amelia," said Brett.

"It's ok I have something else in mind," said Amelia.

"What is it my lady?" asked Brett as he turned to face her.

"You have such an amazing body Brett that I need to capture its essence, I have the perfect room for this," said Amelia leading Brett out of the room.

"Wow, I haven't ever seen this room before," said Brett as Amelia led him into a hidden room.

"I know, it's a hidden room not even the curator knows of its existence," said Amelia leading him to a plush lounge chair with a sturdy back. She pushed him onto the lounge kissing him passionately while she unbuttoned his shirt.

Brett moaned as she nibbled at his neck grazing the pressure point sending tingles through out his body. She pulled his shirt off and attacked his belt pulling it open then unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. She quickly finished pulling off his clothes leaving them in a pile on the floor. She grasped his hard cock and stroked him before saying "Keep yourself hard Brett," said Amelia flicking her tongue across the head.

He groaned as she slipped off the lounge and glided over to the waiting easel that Brett had only just realized was in the room.

"Your body is not one to be hidden, I've placed a masking enchantment on this so nobody looking at it will know its you but will still be you on the painting," said Amelia as she stroked the brush sensually, carefully over the board.

She glanced up from the canvas and watched him casually stroking himself as she absorbed every detail of his body.

A riot of emotion flooded through him as he laid bare on the chair, being watched so intently as she painted him, it felt intense in a unique way.

"Don't move from that position Brett, it's perfect," said Amelia smiling.

After what seemed like forever Amelia stopped her sensual careful strokes off the brush and put it down and sighed, "It's finished Brett, come and see,"

Brett slid off the chair and walked over to her, "Wow that's amazing Amelia that looks so much like me," 

"I know it has to be, I'm not the goddess of craftsmen for nothing you know," said Amelia.

"Now I want you to go home and get some rest after the next shift comes in, eat plenty of food too. You'll need the energy for what I have got planned," 

"Ok, so where is this painting going?" asked Brett.

"With me of course I made it, I'll be bringing it back for the museum collection when I see you next, rest Brett ok conserve your strength trust me you'll need it," said Amelia.

"Ok," said Brett pulling on his shorts.

***

Three Days Later

"So what do you think Joseph?" asked Amelia.

"Amazing sis, you've really captured him there," said Joseph studying the life like sculpture of Brett. 

"Is everything ready for the ritual?" asked Amelia.

"Yes Ares has just finished the preparations," said Joseph.

"He still hasn't picked a modern name?" asked Amelia.

"No, he can't find any that suits him," said Joseph.

Amelia grinned and said "It's almost time, I hope Brett has taken care of himself,"

"He would have, I've been watching him while you worked he pretty much just slept and ate," said Joseph.

"Good, it's time then we need to bring the statue and painting through," said Amelia.

---

"I'll be doing the rounds Paul," said Brett picking up his torch.

"Ok, I'll be here," said Paul.

Walking down the hall Brett checked the rooms making sure everything was in place. Then warm lithe arms curled around his waist, "Amelia I'm not alone here," said Brett as Amelia's hot breath fanned over his neck. Despite the fact that time seemed to almost stop when he was with her he knew that Paul would be covering the other side of the museum and it would be too risky engaging in anything.

"Don't worry I have everything all planned out," purred Amelia, she grazed her teeth from his neck to his ear making him shudder in pleasure.

"This way," she said pulling at his hand. He followed her to the sculpture room and was amazed by the tall dark marble statue that seemed to mimic his body entirely. The sculpture was clothed in a simple Greek toga.

She pulled him over to her blank pedestal and stepped onto it pulling him up with her. He gasped when a burning sensation spread from his hand as he watched her turn back to marble. The burning sensation grew stronger as it traveled over his chest, he gasped from the pain the tingling and burning coursing through his body was causing.

Finally every part of his body felt as if it was being poked and prodded with flaming needles. Then the room faded from around him and he was in a lush garden with tall flaming torches in a box around a ritualistic looking area.

"This is where I make you one of us, if you don't want this to happen tell me now and I'll let you go," said Amelia approaching him the torchlight enhancing her beauty even further.

"The last week has been amazing Amelia, I wouldn't change any of it. I thought a lot about this over the last three days and I really don't have anything that is keeping me tied down there," said Brett.

"So that is a yes I take it?" asked Amelia.

"Of course it is," said Brett.

"Great, now I'll just get these clothes off you," said Amelia reaching forward and yanking his shirt open and pulling it off his broad shoulders. "You won't be needing them anymore," she smirked as she ripped at his belt yanking open his pants and sliding them down with his boxers.

Brett groaned as she pushed him down onto the moist smooth grass cushioning the soft soil. She slipped her toga off then rubbed her hands up his thighs. She thoroughly traced each of his toned calf muscles exploring their contours "I have all the time I want now to explore your body Brett I could only hold time in place for a short amount of time but now I don't need to," said Amelia as she continued to massage his thigh and calf muscles. Her hands pressed up his legs avoiding his full thickness and began caressing his abs she leaned over him and flicked her tongue over his hard nipples making him moan. Her hands brushed up his chest and massaged his pecs teasing his nipples with flicks of her fingers. He gasped as she grabbed hold of both his nipples and squeezed, she released him and pulled him into a passionate kiss as her hands worked over his shoulders down to his biceps. She began thoroughly exploring his arms while her tongue probed deep inside his mouth. After she had finished with his arms she slid off him and pulled at his side getting him to roll on his stomach. 
