 He wasn't going to let Thor ruin his fun this time. His overbearing older brother had been more like a cruel babysitter of late, scrutinizing his every move, and Loki had had enough of it. What good was it to be the God Of Mischief if you weren't allowed a little prank here or there? He had been sulking for days, trying desperately to avoid his brother and the prying eye of his father, Odin. Unbeknownst to most mythologists, Loki was the son of Odin, God Of War, although Odin was loath to admit it. He had always preferred to treat Loki as though he were a misbehaved stepchild, whereas he treated his brother, Thor, God Of Thunder, like a prince. 

Loki huffed as he quickly turned a corner, his boots making sharp sounds as they hit the tiles of the royal halls. He looked out the window as he passed, and noted that the sky was as blue as ever. "Ragnarok my fit white ass," he muttered as he continued down the long stretch of hall that lead to his father's quarters. His pale blue eyes flitted over the portraits that hung on the walls. Visages of his brother, his cousins, many relatives that he'd heard of, but had never had an encounter with, all stared back at him sternly as he passed them. He paused to inspect the plaque under one of them, he looked about himself, rolling his eyes in irritation. "You all need to lighten up," he muttered to the portraits as he continued to walk.

After what felt like a century, he finally reached the door to his father's room. Loki's usually playful expression was now one of irritation as he knocked on the door, lightly at first, then when he did not get a reply, unnecessarily loudly. "That ought to wake the old codger up," he mumbled, his hands clasped behind his back patiently. After another moment, the door flew open, and Odin's weathered features were barely distinguishable in the dim light of his room in contrast to the bright sunshine that filled the long hallway. "What is it?" Odin demanded, looking Loki over with a look of distrust.

"I cannot stand for your watchdog any longer," Loki replied simply, exchanging a look with his father. "Cerberus is in Hades, Loki, I..." 

"Not...the...dog," Loki interrupted sounding distressed, putting his hand to his temple in a reaction of disgust. "I was referring to your eldest. Thor, he hasn't even let me piss without looking over my shoulder." 

"Look, after the incident with..." 

"Balder, yes, I know, I can't speak with you without you breathing his name. I know, you don't trust me after what happened with Balder, but, father, it was really just a series of unfortunate coincidences. How many times can I apologize to Nanna and Forseti and have them not accept? Now, back to the subject at hand," Loki interjected, trying to veer the conversation away from Balder's death. "Thor is being such a nuisance, he must stop this parading around, spying, and spreading disease about me all over Olympus." Odin looked his son over before shrugging and sighing resignedly. 

"Loki, you know there is nothing that I can do. You know that Ragnarok is at hand, so it's only natural that your brother be a little on edge for the sake of the world at large, not to mention Olympus." 

Loki stared at his father in disbelief. "What? Do you expect me to get a nuke and set it on America? What is it, exactly, that you're all so afraid of?" He demanded, looking Odin in the eye. His father shifted slightly, before responding, "We all know what happened between you and Balder, Loki. We just don't want to see a repeat."

"Balder! Balder! Balder! Oh, yes, everyone just loved Balder. Balder, God Of Light, indeed. Yes, people loved him, everyone loved that asshole, and I'm the one that they should love. I'm the one that makes them smile. He was kind, but he wouldn't know a good joke if it hit him in the..." 

" LOKI!!! " Odin howled in anger, the royal halls shaking with the ferocity of his voice, while down below, the people on earth heard a sudden clap of thunder despite the great weather and cloudless sky. "You will not speak of Balder in such a way in my presence!" Odin fumed, his face turning red in anger. "I'm starting to second thought giving you back your power." He intoned gruffly, towering over Loki, who crouched a bit in fear. 

"Alright, alright, I'll watch myself," he surrendered, a stubborn tone to his voice. "You're right, father, I guess I do get a little bit carried away. I just don't see why we can't put this whole Balder business behind us. I'm better now, and I know that I was wrong," Loki admitted humbly. Odin eyed him suspiciously for another moment before nodding curtly. "You had better watch yourself closely in the following days, boy, or you will regret it," he warned Loki ominously. "If you mess up again, mongrel, I will damn you to Hades, and then you can clean Cerberus's messes for the rest of time." Loki swallowed hard, not relishing the idea of being the three headed guardian's pooper-scooper.

"As for your brother, I'll have a talk with him, and see that you get a bit more privacy," Odin said, shuffling back into his room a bit more as if to shut the door in Loki's face. "Thank you, father," Loki said, looking at his father innocently. 

Odin shuffled a few more times, grunted a response to his son's gratitude, and shut the heavy door. Loki turned and stared down the hall. It had been an exhausting trip to get here, which was part of the reason he and his father rarely held an audience with one another. It seemed too much effort to Loki to traverse to the highest point in Olympus just to say hello to his father. Now, he faced the downhill challenge, and he wasn't looking forward to it. "Damn your choice in abodes," he muttered, and wasn't entirely surprised to hear a muffled response from the other side of the door, "I heard that." "Of course you did, you also see alot for a guy with only one eye," he sighed, and began the long journey back out of the halls, and home.

Ragnarok, the time when the rein of the gods would come to an end, was soon to be at hand, or so said many in Olympus. Ever an optimist, Loki refused to believe that this was so. He had always imagined that if it was true, however, there would be some great change in the atmosphere of the entire universe, making the end easily predictable, and he sensed no such change. 

"Like a child grounded from playing outdoors," Loki huffed as he thought about the restrictions his father had placed on his powers since the death of Balder. Loki knew that everyone believed that he had murdered Balder, but he also knew that this was not so. It had simply been a prank turned horribly wrong, and Loki was just as shocked as anyone when he learned that he had killed Balder. Despite his pleas of innocence, Nanna, Balder's wife, and Forseti, Balder's son, demanded that Loki be punished for his wrong doing, and Odin was forced to remove most of Loki's powers. Although he hated not having the full brunt of his powers, Loki very much enjoyed hearing legends about himself that the humans on earth liked to tell one another. Most likened him to the Catholic devil, while others, a playful version of Pan. 

The one useful power that Loki still possessed was his ability to shape-shift. Yes, he maintained a few other powers, the ability to manipulate human emotion, the ability to become invisible to the naked eye, and a few other tricks that he used rarely. 

He stepped into his large home and took a minute to let his eyes adjust. He hated it here, just being here reminded him of his former wife, Sigyn, who had left his side after the death of Balder, exclaiming vehemently that she would not be associated with a murderer. She had called him a fool, and said many other words that had cut him deeply, leaving scars he knew would never heal. He had loved her, he still did, but Loki knew that it was high time he cut his losses and move on, lest he lose his mind as well as suffer his broken heart. All the women in Olympus had shunned him, shaking their fingers at their children, and telling them "Don't ever become one such as fowl as Loki, the scoundrel." The pervert, they also called him, which didn't particularly bother him.

He knew he had a wicked tongue and a sharp wit, and he would never deny these things. He'd be the last to deny such accusations, as he knew as well as any that he was far from pure. He had had his fair share of mistresses despite his loyal and loving former wife. He was sure that she had had an inkling of what he had been up to. But now, he missed her, and sorely regretted his transgressions. Suddenly, a thought struck him, causing him to lean back against the door in shock at his own plots. Why not move on from here? He had no place in the world of the gods, and he had nothing to keep him where he was. But where would he go? Someplace where there were women aplenty, he decided, his spirits rising at the idea of a new challenge. Earth. There were many women on earth, and beautiful creatures they were, too. 

After he made his final decision to leave, Loki began packing quickly, deciding it would be better to leave quickly and quietly so that Thor wouldn't get the chance to ruin his plans. He waited for nightfall, and slipped beyond the gates of Olympus and into the waiting human world. The transition was made as quickly as he'd hoped and he hadn't been detected by anyone that he was aware of, much to his relief. He had stirred up trouble in many places, but never had he had the opportunity to corrupt Earth. He found himself quite giddy at the prospect and had to pause to gather his thoughts often. 

Loki found himself on a dark, dirty sidewalk, wind blowing bits of trash around his feet. He looked up and took in everything around him. The smells were strange to him, most of them offensive odors coming from someplace behind him. He listened closely and heard a sound that he had never in all his life heard before. It was fast, rhythmic drumming, along with various other sounds that he couldn't even begin to fathom what they were. He liked these sounds, so he began to follow the music as though it were a trail leading to somewhere he wanted to be. 

He paused in front of a brightly lit building, a beacon guiding him out of the darkness. He decided immediately he liked the building immensely and would like to enter. Before approaching the door, he turned to the street behind him and saw the strangest chariots he'd ever seen in his life. He hadn't taken notice of them before, his thoughts to intent on the music he was following, but now he was aware of them. These chariots had no horses pulling them, and they had lights in the front of them, but the lights were not fire. He decided he liked them, too. He would get one for himself, if he chose to stay that long, he decided, and turned back to the building. He began to walk toward the building when he noticed that people were gawking at him.

It took him a moment to realize it, but it struck Loki that they were snickering and staring at his attire. He was dressed very differently from them, and he imagined he must be quite a spectacle. "Looks like Shakespeare," he heard a woman comment as she tried to hide that she had been looking at him. He looked down at his clothing and decided that he should do something about his appearance. He searched for a dark area where he might change his look, and after a moment, found an alley. He thought for a moment, trying to remember what the men in front of the building had looked like, then changed his appearance. Now he was wearing a dark pin-striped suit, a pocket watch, a fedora, and nice shoes. He imagined he looked sharp, and walked back to the building, still a bit self conscious, although he looked better than most of the other men in front of the building. 

He didn't change his physical appearance, he didn't have to, he looked the same as the other men here, no third eyes or sixth fingers. He was of medium height, with blue eyes, and short, dark hair. He was a bit paler than many of the people here, but no one seemed to take notice. The women paused for a moment, conversations dying on their tongues as he approached and got into line. One woman was staring at him, unashamed, and he winked at her. For a moment she seemed breathless, and turned her back to him, blushing madly. He loved the power he had over the women around him, but grew concerned as he noted the angered looks on their male companion's faces.

While he stood in line with the people around him, Loki was relieved to learn that they all spoke the same as him, no special dialect, not overly proper, just like him. As he approached the bouncer at the door, he was asked for ID. "ID?" he asked, perplexed. "Identification, you got it?" the bouncer demanded. "No, I don't have any 'identification,' but perhaps I can convince you to let me in some other way?" Loki pulled a roll of hundred dollar bills from his pocket, already familiar with most parts of Earth's currency. He handed the man three one-hundred dollar bills, and the man eyed him. After a moment, the man stepped aside, allowing Loki entrance to the building. 

When Loki entered, he was shocked and pleased at what he saw. There were beautiful blinking lights, music that he enjoyed very much, and many gyrating, beautiful women, most of which put his ex-wife, Sigyn, to shame. His jaw dropped instinctively at the sight of all of the dancing, scantily clad women. He walked farther into the club, and spotted the bar. He would definitely enjoy an ale right about now, decided. He chose a seat next to a beautiful red haired woman, who looked as though she'd had more than a few drinks. "Hello," he said to the woman smoothly, who turned her head just enough to see him. Then, realizing that he was quite good-looking, she turned her head toward him all the way and responded, "Hi!" 

He took in her body, and was quite pleased by what he saw. She was short by what he could tell, maybe 5 foot, and she had shoulder length, straight red hair, amber eyes flashed at him behind long, dark eyelashes. Her face was that of a beautiful cherub, her cheeks where a little pudgy, but in an absolutely adorable way. "My name is Loki," he told her, offering her his hand. She stared stupidly at his hand for a moment before cackling drunkenly, "Oh, I get it! Like the god. Ha! That's great." He smiled and nodded slowly, "Yes, something like that," he said, a sly grin creeping over his pale face, his baby blue eyes flashing charmingly. 

"So, you gonna buy me a drink, stranger?" The woman asked, not bothering to offer her name. Loki was a bit taken aback by this woman's sudden question, which came out more like a demand. He didn't like the tone in her voice, it suggested that she was in control of the situation, and he always wanted to be in control. He smirked slightly, before grudgingly answering, "What's your proverbial poison, my love?" The woman hiccuped rudely, before responding "Scotch, and that's on the rocks, big boy." Loki decidedly did not like the way that the woman addressed him, but he figured he could work around it to meet his goal. 

Loki summoned the bartender and ordered for the woman, and decided on a selection called Budweiser that he'd never heard of in his life for himself. The name sounded ridiculous, but he wasn't going to judge whether he liked it or not by the sound of it's name. He took a sip, and liked it, and before he knew it, he had drunk the whole bottle while making idle chatter with the flirtatious, if slightly uncouth, wench beside him. 

He spoke in soft tones to her, gently touching her tanned hands, and feeling a little revolted by the length and color of her fingernails. He gently put his hand on her thigh, giving her little hints. She accepted them, and even exchanged a few flirty strokes and touches herself. She leaned over him to retrieve an ashtray on the other side of him, giving him a show of her full, tight breasts. 

He felt her hand lightly graze his manhood, and felt it stir slightly in his pants. Had she done that on purpose? No matter, he knew that after just a few more drinks, she would not only be unable to fight him off, but most likely more than willing to participate in his filthy plans. Oh, the things he would do to her when he got her alone. He was normally a really nice guy, but for some reason this brew, this Budweiser, was bringing out the darkness in him, and fantasies he didn't even know he had began to surface as he watched the woman's skirt slowly slide up her thighs. There was more alcohol in this brew than he had expected. Best to stop drinking now, he would need to be in control if he was going to successfully sate his desire this night. After he finished his beer, he stopped ordering drinks for himself, but continued to buy his female companion drinks, as she never seemed to want to stop drinking.

He spoke with her charismatically, a convincing image of a perfect gentleman. "Tell me," he asked her, leaning in close so that he could be heard over the music, "what is your fantasy?" He asked her, his eyes locked on hers. 

She faltered, not knowing what to say at first, but she was too drunk to maintain any inhibitions she may have had a few hours ago. "I have a really bad one, I'm a little ashamed to admit it, but, if you promise you won't judge me...?" she asked for a promise, and he immediately obliged. "OK, I won't judge you, I might just think that you like some strange things like everybody else. Everyone has their things," he told her, sounding kind and easy to talk to. "Well, my fantasy is..." she paused to giggle nervously, but then continued, "to be raped by, like, a vampire, or a demon, or some kind of supernatural being like that. I know, it's weird, but it's a weird thing I've had since I was like thirteen. Too many horror movies, I guess," she laughed nervously, looking at Loki self-consciously. "Would a god do?" he asked her, studying her.

"No, I don't think that would do it for me. In my fantasies, it's always a malevolent creature that wanted nothing more than to fuck me. Just, you know, to use me." 

Loki raised an eyebrow at her response to that, but said nothing. "Well, do you have a fantasy?" The woman asked him, trying to get the awkward attention off of herself. "Me? Yeah. You," Loki responded wittily, smiling at her in a way that made her spine tingle pleasantly. She blushed and scooted closer to him, and he stepped closer to her, taking the que. She obviously wanted to be close to him. He took his hat off and set it on the counter, his dark brown bangs falling in front of his eyes.She reached her hand out to take his, but knocked his hat off of the counter. "I'll get that," she intoned huskily. She squatted to pick up the hat, which was right at his feet, causing her to be eye-level with the crotch of his trousers. 

Loki stared down at the woman, who now had his pants unzipped and his hard cock in her mouth. "Hey," he vaguely heard a female voice. "Hey!" Loki snapped out of his reverie and there was no longer a woman on the ground before him with his hardness between her lips. It had all been in his imagination. He looked up at the red head who was now standing in front of him. "Here ya go," she said giddily, and handed him his hat. 

"Thank you, my love," he uttered, his heart pounding in his chest as he felt his desire fueled suddenly. "You want to get out of here and go to your place? It's kind of loud, maybe we can go talk somewhere?" He asked her, smiling at her winningly. 

"Sure," the woman chirped cheerfully, "let's go." Loki paid the bartender and he and the woman left. 

He got into the car without a problem, and was now fascinated to see how these horseless chariots worked. The woman put the key in the ignition and started the car, Loki watched carefully. She drove them to her apartment, and once they got there, she let him in. "You have a lovely home," he told her as he stepped through the door. She smiled at him, obviously not interested in talking about her home. 
