 Author's note: This is my first erotic publication. This is the start of what will be an ongoing series. A large amount of it is already written and just needs to be polished before it is published. I hope you enjoy.



Chapter 1: The Deal

Lola Darcy was 20 years old, and had never really taken responsibility for anything in her life. This made her just inexperienced enough to be stupid, but old enough to get into real trouble. She was a college student studying art history. She wanted to be a fashion designer. She loved pretty things. She liked designer clothes and fancy Jewelry. She loved the way those things looked on her. She loved the way she looked. She was 5'4" with full C cup breasts. She was petite, fit, and at the top of her slender legs sat a nice round butt that looked like an apple when she bent over. Her long hair that reached the middle of her back was frizz free and black as black can go.

Even with a scholarship, a work-study job on campus, and student loans, she was living well beyond her means. Her credit cards were all maxed out, and she was running out of excuses with the companies. She wracked her brain trying to come up with a solution to her cash flow problem. She ran through ideas in her head.

Mary an old rich guy? No, too much work, plus grandpa sex... ew.

Get another job? No, they'd want her to work nights or mornings and she wouldn't be able to hit the clubs.

Then she got it. She didn't need LESS debt... she needed MORE credit. She could just pay off the cards with a loan, then she would have plenty of time to figure out a more permanent solution and some cash to have fun with or at least save her from stooping so low as to eat Spaghetti-Os and Ramen.

The Man at the bank was very rude. Not only did he deny her a loan but after looking at her credit history, he had the nerve to tell her she should attend one of the bank's "Financial Freedom" seminars. Unbelievable. On her way back to her apartment she saw a billboard for Fuku's Fast Cash Express. The sign said, "Stop in today, and make money the least of your worries" Why not?

Fuku's was a hole in the wall, in a rundown shopping center, full of vacant store fronts and a husk that used to be a K-mart. It was a dump but, oh well. She must have blown their minds when she walked in wearing her pink Jean Paul Gaultier Long Sleeve Tulle Dress, her Gucci 'Lillian' Horsebit Mid Shaft Boot clicking with every step she took and Wildfox Ivy 55mm Sunglasses. It was a $1,700 outfit, but 'A' she deserved it and 'B' she wanted to be taken seriously at the bank. 

The loan agent at Fuku's knew how to show respect. He was so polite and friendly. He was nice enough to chat with her about clothes and jewelry. In no time she was approved. She couldn't believe how much money they were willing to give her, either! She knew the man at the bank didn't know what he was talking about. Lola was ecstatic.

But soon six weeks had past. Six weeks of shopping, fine dining, and hot spot night clubs. Her account was drained. And she had missed her first payment on the loan. Six weeks after that she was sunk again. The debt collectors from Fuku were the most aggressive she had ever encountered. They called day and night, and made such awful threats, and said such mean things. She was losing sleep and afraid to answer her phone. She was so tired she could barely get through her five step morning skin cleanse routine.

Walking to class from the trendy coffee shop near campus she felt she needed a pick me up. A little something to brighten her day. Something pretty, but not too expensive. Then she saw a storefront full of pretty gems and stones. Just what she needed. It was a pagan shop called "Every Witch Way". Cute.

She looked through the gems, then picked out a piece of black termilion. Beautiful and only $3.50. what a steal. She went up to the counter to check out. On the table next to the register, behind the counter she saw a book "Solve all you problems with magic: an easy to use spell book for any problems from lovelessness to financial ruin"

"Does this stuff really work?" she asked the little old woman who ran the shop.

"Yes, well sort of. Actually no. It's not for sale."

"Oh?" Why wouldn't it be for sale in a shop?

"Nevermind that book, it shouldn't even be out here. It has a date with a burning trashcan later"

What a weirdo. "I'll just take this stone then" she handed the clerk a twenty.

"Do you have anything smaller than a twenty, dear?"

"I'm afraid not."

"Well I'll have to grab you some change from the back then." The old woman put the twenty in the drawer then shuffled quickly into the back room.

Maybe Lola was curious, maybe desperate, maybe just wanting some excitement; She grabbed the book and the stone and ran out of the shop.

------------------------------------

She played with the stone nervously all day. When she got home she took a hot bath with a full glass of red wine, then changed into a two peace silk Victoria Secret pajama set. These were not Lingerie, they were comfortable and, aside from being low cut, not particularly revealing.

In her living room she opened the book. She skimmed the table of contents until she saw "summoning spells: assistance with financial woes." She flipped through to that section. The section stated that there was no need for evocation or calling the quarters – whatever that meant – all she had to do was draw some symbols on the floor and a Demon – "a demon? What the fuck." She laughed in her head – would show up and present her with a contract that included terms that would free her from any financial situation with money that would never need to be paid back.

The symbols were very simple to draw. She drew them on the hard wood floor with her eyeliner pencil.

Immediately the air felt hot and an unseen force pushed her backwards. When she looked up there was a well-dressed man in suit standing in front of her. Wait, not a man. He was tall over six feet, looked to be in good shape, had a fairly conventional but stylish side parted haircut. But his skin was red, he had two small horns sticking out of his forehead, long nails on his fingers, and yellow eyes.

"Lola-Darcy"

"You know my name?"

"Yes, it was in the file. Did you know your name means 'Dark Sorrows'?"

"No, I didn't know that." She was puzzled for a moment but quickly regained herself. "So you can help me with my money problems? The book said you had to present a contract and give me all the money I needed. Right?"

"Slow down, Lola. Look, I'm a sucker for pretty girls in dire straits so I'm going to do you a favor I don't normally do for clients. I'm going to explain the deal to you."

He spoke so confidently and had an almost elegant tone to his voice. Refined, like someone who grew up wealthy. It was kind of a turn on for Lola. The red skin was a bit different, but she'd a black guy so why not be attracted to a red guy?

"You see Lola, the contract will require me to give you the money. But not without some consideration from you."

"What do I have to do?"

"Well, Lola you have to spend a night with me. A night during which you cannot say 'No'."

Those words hung in the air. There really was something attractive about him. Maybe it was because it had been quite a while since she had gotten laid, but honestly, sleeping with him really didn't sound horrible to her. A refined guy like this... Besides, if she needed to she was sure she could take care of him with some hand action and send him on his way. "What the hell, I'm going to bang a hot demon." She thought as she chuckled in her head.

"Okay Mr. Demon, where's the contract?"

"Please, call me Ziphar. It's right here." He produced a document on legal paper that looked like it had been printed on a laser printer. 

"Alright, Ziphar, do I need to sign in blood or something?"

"Blue ink would be more appropriate" he said, then handed her a pen.

She signed. He signed. He looked over the document, which then vanished as if by sleight of hand magic.

"Lola, you will find that all your accounts have been settled and there is a substantial sum of money in your bank account."

"No way."

"Feel free to look for yourself."

Cautiously she pulled up her bank information on her phone. Her credit card showed a balance of Zero, and there was indeed a substantial sum of money in her account.

"Holy shit! Ziphar! You're the best."

"Please remember that when your filling out the customer service survey tomorrow." Ziphar smirked briefly. Then Gazing at her with his beautiful eyes that looked like amber quartz, "Lola, shall we begin?"

Lola was nervous, but excited to see where this would go, and feltreluctant and kind of awkward. On the other hand, he had just given her a ton of money and solved pretty much all her problems. He deserved to have some fun, she thought. "I'm ready. What do want to do?"

"Let's play truth or dare"

OMG!? Seriously, how high school. What next a seven minute make out sesh in her closet?

"Okay, Truth" always start with truth.

Ziphar seemed thoughtful for a moment "when was the last time you orgasmed and how?"

WTF!? That's what he comes out of the gate with? This guy is a creep. There is no way she's going to tell him that, she shouts in her head. "I came this morning by holding a vibrator against my clit for ten minutes before getting out of bed. I did not mean to tell you that." She was very confused. 

"Lola, I'm guessing from your expression that you didn't read the contract very closely, or listen to what I told you for that matter. The agreement didn't say that you mayn't refuse me, it said you can't."

Oh shit... Lola was in over her head. Maybe this had been a mistake.

"Lola, let's get you naked."

"Uh don't you want to keep playing truth or dare?"

"No." he stepped closer to her and scratched a small cut in her pajamas, right in the middle of her chest. The edges of the tear began to smolder, and burned outward. It was warm but didn't hurt as the material slowly vaporized. Reached down across her flat stomach past her inny bellybutton, and her chest, flowed over the round breasts and revealed pink areolas and soft nipples. It burned onto her sleep pants shot down her legs before it edged across her pelvis to reveal a satin, black and red striped thong. 

On the one hand this was all very fucked up. On the other hand she actually found his confidence and boldness very sexy. Plus, and she hated to admit it, despite having lost one of her favorite pairs of pajamas, that was the sexiest way a man had ever taken her clothes off. Also, she really did like the way he looked at her. For better or for worse, Ziphar was really pushing the right buttons for her.

"Do you like what you see? She said with a smirk?"

"I do" He was only about a foot away from her taking in her nearly nude body. "but I think those panties need to go." Stepping slightly to the side of her he placed the pad on the tip of his index finger against the divot in the front of her thong. Just like her pajamas, they slowly burned off. Tingling pleasantly as the strap between her ass cheeks burned way. This time he left his finger in place though. She realized it was now held against the bare lips of her professionally waxed pussy, parting them just slightly. She was sure she was wet and wondered if he could tell.

Lola gasped as he slid his finger up and away, felt the slight moist trail it left as it traveled its short distance, just missing her clit, then landing on her right nipple where it was joined by his thumb. He pinched it slightly. Her areola shrunk as the flush nub stiffened.

"Perfect" he cooed. 

Despite the rocky start, and strange circumstances she really couldn't remember the last time she had been this turned on. Ziphar was hot and she knew she wanted him, even it had to be on his terms. His next request was exactly what she hoped it would be.

"Lola, I want you to undress me."

Oh hell yes! He didn't need magic for the request. Slyly she circled him, reached around his waist she undid the top button on his two button jacket. The bottom button was already undone, as fashion dictated it should be worn. Over his shoulders she removed the jacket. Came back around to the front she began untying his tie. His eyes followed her every move. She tossed the red piece of silk off to who cares where. Then started on the buttons of his shirt. Breathing in she noticed for the first time that he smelled really good. What was that cologne? Hugo Boss? Did they have that in hell? No matter, it was exactly the right scent for him.

Skillfully her nimble fingers undid each button revealing a toned chest and flat stomach. He had the fit body of an athlete in his mid-twenties. Nicely formed pecks, and modestly defined six-pack. He also had those toned lines across his hips that lead to what she was ever more excited to get a look at. She pulled his shirt down his arms and left it on the floor.

"Better let me get my own shoes off." He pulled each lace and slid the black cap-toes and dark dress socks off his feet. 

Lola smirked, "big feet" she thought, raising an eyebrow, as he planted them back onto the floor in front of her so she could continue. She undid his belt and slid it off with grace and ease. Then the button on the front of his pants and the sliding clasp inside the waist band. She pulled down the zipper. Slowly peeled his pants off, bringing them down his legs, which were as toned as the rest of him, from his thighs to his very well defined calf muscles. This left Ziphar in just his boxers. She was amused to see that that they were black silk with little red cartoony devils on them. Cute. She hooked her fingers into the waist band and pulled them down.

His cock was not what she had expected. Flaccid and circumcised, it was a very average size. Only a few inches as it lay soft on what she had to admit were a nice pair of balls. No balls were good looking in her opinion, but these were definitely among the nicest she'd ever seen. Full, symmetrical and a little bigger than golf balls.

"You know, Ziphar, I'm no size queen, but I thought you'd be bigger." She teased.

"Excuse me?" Ziphar seemed actually flustered.

"I mean, you think 'demon cock' and you imagine something terrifying, or menacing. Like out of a hentai or something."

"Well, don't believe everything you read. Besides I'm not even hard yet. And don't smirk, you'll be pleasing this thing all night." For the first time his impenetrable demon swagger showed a crack. She was pleased with herself for getting under his skin. Besides, he deserved it for making her talk about her orgasm earlier. "In fact, Lola, why don't you blow me."

She was enjoying the power play, and thus, again, she would have done this anyway. She had been told time and again by boyfriends and lovers that she gave amazing head, and honestly was looking forward to seeing Ziphar's 'O face'.

Taking the now slightly chubbed, red dick in her mouth. She applied suction while she massaged the head and shaft with her tongue. His skin actually tasted a bit sweet and a little spicy in her mouth. She liked how smooth if felt as it grew. Filling her mouth. Suddenly she became aware that its rate of growth was starting to be too much for her, she felt her jaw begin to stretch from the expanding shaft. The bulbous head pushing into her throat, causing her to gag as her eyes tiered up. She heard Ziphar laugh.

"Okay, Lola, take a look now."

She pulled her mouth off and gasped for air. Regaining herself she realized she was face to face with the biggest cock she had ever seen. It was a monster. All read and veiny. It was at least 10 or 11 inches long and 6 or 7 inches in diameter. The was a huge bulbous mushroom top that flared out around the shaft.

"Is this more what you had in mind?"

Still trying to catch her breath she responded, " yeah, I guess so"

"Put it back in, I want to watch you struggle with it some more."

Struggle she did. She tried hard stretching her lips and jaw as much as she could, until it hurt trying to get it back into her mouth. With all her might she could barely get the soft head in, and hardly any of the rigid shaft. She heard him laugh again.

"That's enough, Lola. Take it out and look up at me."

She did as instructed, staring up as the gorgeous eyes, his cock bobbing freely above her as she sat on her knees on the floor. Then he began to stroke it. 'Oh shit' thought Lola. She had dated a guy who like to give facials. Every once in a while if he had deserved it she would let him do it to please him, but only if he made sure to only get it on the lower half of her face and had a towel on standby. She did not expect Ziphar to be as courteous, and scrunched her face closing her eyes tight.

"None of that, Lola. Open your mouth, and look me in the eyes."

She didn't want to but her mouth opened and she looked into his eyes once more. The horrible throbbing creature in front of her now being stroked faster and faster. Leaning forward he put one hand on the back of her head. He began to grunt. His balls tightened. Then the biggest cock she had ever seen began to pump the biggest load she could imagine. It didn't shoot as much as it gushed. Her face was splashed with hot thick seamen. It got in her left eye as it coated her face. It stung but was not unbearable. It filled her mouth flowing over her tongue and pooling in the back of her throat. It poured over her lips and down her chin. Down her neck. Some splashed onto her breasts and nipples but mostly if formed a river between them, clinging to her body as rushed over the planes of her tight stomach narrowly missing her pussy, it ran along the crease in her pelvis, and just slightly onto her thigh before falling into a puddle. On the floor.

"Mmm, Better out than in, they say... Swallow what's in your mouth." He gasped.

Without hesitation she closed her lips, her cheeks ballooned out to hold all the cum in her mouth. It took three gulps but she managed swallow at least that much. It was so gooey and salty, and like his skin a bit spicy, but she got it down and hoped she wouldn't have to swallow anymore.

"Very good, Lola" he collapsed onto her couch, then admired her for a moment, half glazed with his wicked seed. "You've earned a ten minute break. Go wash up and then we will continue.

She stood and ran to the bathroom nearly slipping on the puddle of demon cum.



In the next chapter Lola's humiliation continues in some very creative ways as learns some new things about her body. Ziphar explains that he is a very particular type of demon. An unexpected guest comes to Lola's rescue,sort of.