 "Okay, the first thing we need to do is come up with your background. My mom is going to ask you a lot of questions, so we need to make sure your backstory is solid." stated Stephen, rubbing his hands together. 

"Sounds simple enough," giggled Grace. It was early morning the next day, and Stephen had been awake for quite some time trying to collect his thoughts. If he was going to introduce Grace to his mother, he wanted to make sure it was in the best possible light, for both of their sakes. 

For her part, Grace was showing a surprising amount of nerves for an all powerful companion genie. He could tell she was nervous for the right reasons, as she wanted to make a good impression, and show that he was in good hands.

"Let's get started then. Name?"

She smiled, and said, "That's easy. Grace!"

"Grace what? What's your last name?"

She blinked, "I don't know, Stephen. You haven't given me one yet."

"Hmm," he thought, tapping his chin. "We'll come back to that. Age?"

"Same age as you. Twenty one."

"Good, my mom will like that I'm seeing someone my own age," he mused. "Where are you from?"

"Why, Arabia of course. Deep in the desert, near a-," Grace began, before being interrupted by a chuckle.

"No, no, we can't use that. You look nothing like modern Arabs and that would stand out like a sore thumb. You should at least be American, but maybe not from around here," Stephen thought.

"Okay," replied, Grace, thinking about it a little more. "How about this? Why don't we say I grew up here, but spent the last ten years in Chicago with my aunt, who has recently deceased, making me want to come back to my roots? It would also explain why I don't have any other regional accents."

"That's... really good. Did you just think about that on your own?" 

Grace nodded excitedly. 

"Okay, I like it! What was the name of your aunt?"

"How about... Aunt Sarah?"

"Okay good. What about your parents?"

"We'll say that I never knew my own father. We can even use that as a commonality on why we bonded so quickly. And my mother passed away from cancer which is why I went to live with Aunt Sarah."

Stephen thought about it for a moment, "Yes, that's good!"

Grace beamed with a smile.

"Umm, what did you do in Chicago?"

"Tried a few semesters at a small college there, but it wasn't for me. I'm looking to attend a local school here, and there's options I'm exploring now."

"I like it! Where do you live here in Kansas?"

"How about just twenty minutes from here? Small apartment complex. I have a feeling your mom won't ask too many questions about that."

"Good, and you're probably right. What's your interests for a major?"

"Psychology and history, double major," she giggled.

"Really?" chuckled Stephen.

"Don't you think it's fitting for a twenty five hundred year old companion genie?" snickered Grace.

"Well, when you put it that way," laughed Stephen. "Okay, how did we meet?"

"Hmm," thought Grace. "How about I popped into your grocery store to grab something to eat, and you helped me find something in the store. And from the moment I saw your handsome good looks, and sexy hazel eyes, I was a goner," she laughed, reaching out to squeeze his hand.

Stephen cracked up in a laugh as well, "That should work for my mom. She just loves the sappy stuff like that."

"Do you think I'm ready?" Grace held her breath for his final appraisal.

"I think we have a lot of the basics covered but I'm sure my mom will think of something that we forgot, so can I wish for you to fill in any details as they come up on your own? Without my input?"

"Of course!" 

"Okay, good. Hopefully that will help with thinking on your feet," smiled Stephen.

"Although we still need a last name for me," she reminded.

"Yeah, a last name. Hmm. What would sound good with the name Grace?" Stephen thought to himself for a moment.

"How about Grace... Willow?" She offered, beaming with her mischievous smile.

"Nice try," grinned Stephen. "But we would have to get married first before you take my last name." 

"Shucks. It was worth a shot," she pouted.

"All in due time," he said, playfully comforting her hand. Did I really just say that?

"Maybe we should just keep the last name simple then. Something common," she offered. 

"Grace.. Johnson?"

She winced, "Maybe not that common."

"Grace.. Smith?"

Grace faked retching sounds to express her disinterest, then shook her head.

"I got it! Grace Martin?"

She thought about it for a few moments. "That could work," she said finally. "Grace Martin. Martin. Ms. Grace Martin."

Stephen grinned, "How's it sound?"

"Well, I still think Grace Willow sounds better, but I'll take Grace Martin for now," she winked.

"Okay, it's settled then. You're Grace Martin, twenty one years old. Recently moved from Chicago, double major in Psychology and History. And we've been dating for three days."

"This is going to be so much fun! I feel like a real human being now!" She jumped up and down excitedly.

"We might need to take it a step further, just to make it look completely legitimate," thought Stephen. "Can you come up with a drivers license, maybe a college ID card? You know, stuff like that?"

"You mean, like this?" Grace asked, giving a cheeky smile, and pulling an Illinois driver's license out of thin air. Her picture on it was perfect, as well as having her new name, Grace Martin.

"Perfect!" Stephen remarked, checking out the ID. "Although, I think 5'3" is wishful thinking."

She stuck her tongue out at him, playfully.

"This is great, though! Mom should be home from work early afternoon today, and we'll just introduce you then. This should be a breeze," said Stephen, thinking out loud.

"I hope she likes me," said Grace, with a tiny quiver in her voice. "What if she doesn't?"

Stephen chuckled at her small insecurity, "Grace, I'm sure she'll love you."

"You really think so?"

"Of course. Besides, if she doesn't, I can always wish it so that she does," he smirked.

"Stephen! I want her to like me without magic," Grace pouted. "I want her to think that I'm a good match for you and that we belong together." She lowered her head, her genuine nerves at the approaching situation shining through.

"Grace, come here," gestured Stephen.

Wordlessly, she lifted herself from the chair in his room and came to the bed, where he was casually laying. Stephen helped her get back in, straddling his hips, and pressing her down against him in a full body laying hug. He gently stroked her back, and then whispered, "She'll love you. I just know that. How could she not?"

He slowly moved her head to align with his own, gazing into her eyes, "You're a perfect fit for me in every way."

Grace sniffled almost immediately, as her fingers rushed to each eye to wipe away the forming tears. "I love you, Stephen."

Stephen smiled softly, hearing her words and feeling like his heart could explode at any moment. His own feelings matched hers, well beyond the realm of just 'like' or simple lust. The truth of the matter was that he was also in love with Grace, even after only three days with her. There was just no denying that fact any longer. Yet, he had never told someone other than family that he had loved them. He opened his mouth, yet the words would just not form.

"I... I...," he began, struggling for the courage to tell Grace what she truly meant to him.

Her eyes blazed like bright blue beacons. "Yes?" She whispered. 

"I... I'm excited," he finished, chickening out, and avoiding eye contact with her for the moment. "I'm excited for what will happen today."

Grace gave him a small smile, as if knowing the entire transaction that just occurred internally. In due time, she thought. He'll say it when he's ready.

Stephen finally worked up the courage to look her in the eyes, noticing the small trace of disappointment in the way that her lips were formed. Yet, if he thought Grace was going to hold it against him, he should have known better.

For the next thing he knew, she was leaning in for a long, tender kiss. Pressing her body in against his, and rubbing her hips against his own, Stephen could feel his arousal boiling underneath the surface.

In his defense, how could it not? She was pouring a healthy amount of passion into their kiss, and the seductive look she gave him after pulling apart was enough to stop a frail man's heart. Not to mention, one single strap of her tank top had fallen off her delicate shoulders, threatening to expose more of her pale, sexy flesh. 

"So, boyfriend," she whispered, perhaps sensing his growing desire. "We have a few hours to kill before she gets home. Whatever shall we do?"

Stephen grinned, and let his hands fall to cup each cheek of her ass in a healthy squeeze. Grace couldn't hold back a satisfied smile at being so manhandled, and looked like she was about to give in as well.

"How long has it been since we last had sex?" He grinned.

Grace sat up, pressing a finger to her chin in an exaggerated thinking position. "Let's see, it's been one hour, seventeen minutes, and sixteen seconds since I last felt you inside me," she said with a smile, remembering their early morning romp that started off the day.

Stephen chuckled, then looked at her hungrily, "Sounds like too long, if you ask me."

To his utter shock, Grace formed a small smile and then began to shake her head, "I think Master is forgetting something."

Stephen's eyebrows crunched up in confusion, "What's that?"

"Did you forget what today is the first day of?" Her eyes sparkled.

Stephen wracked his brain trying to think of what she meant. First day of what? "You lost me, Grace."

"While I would love nothing more than to stay in bed with you all morning and let you ravish me multiple times, we have something else to do first," she said, before looking over at his bedside table and extending her hand, making a come hither gesture. The workout pamphlet that she had put together on their first night began to float through the air until it landed squarely in her hands. Opening up to the first page, it was listed with today's date, with a listed gym session for the day's events. 

"Oh," said Stephen, looking at the calendar inside. "So that starts today?"

"Precisely," Grace grinned.

"Can't I just do it later on?" he bargained, trying to get out of it.

Grace put her hands on her hips, "Not a chance. This was your wish, mister, and you have to abide by that."

Stephen groaned, even though he didn't really mean it. Truthfully, he was glad that Grace was reminding him about the wish, and the promise he had made to himself to do it. It would be a lie that, for a split second, he didn't think about rescinding the wish and just taking the easy way out.

"Okay, okay," he surrendered. "Well, how do we do this?"

Grace beamed with a smile, before gently getting out of his lap. "That's the spirit, love! And it's not like you are going alone, after all."

She but barely snapped her fingers, and her tank top and panties melted away, leaving her completely nude once more. Before he even had the chance to drool, Grace had new clothes forming, including a tight pair of black spandex workout pants, kicked off with a white pair of trainers, and a sleeveless light blue workout tank top that exposed generous portions of her arms and midsection. Her hair was carefully done up in a ponytail, but even dressed in simple workout clothes, she was still breathtaking.

"That's right, babe. Trainer Grace is going with you," she grinned, triumphantly.

"Sounds like you are going to distract the whole gym looking like that," he gesturing, motion to her generous cleavage and exposed belly.

Grace flicked her hand, "They can look, but only you can touch. And feel. And see," she giggled, reaching for the hem of her top and flashing him a shot of her perfect tits.

Stephen reached out to cup one of her tits in his hand, but before he could connect, she lowered her shirt, blocking the move. "Uh uh uh," she tisked. "No sexy time until after the workout!"

Stephen groaned, "You're going to make this tough on me, aren't you?"

She beamed with a smile and slowly nodded, "You were the one who wanted to do this the old fashioned way."

He finally started to chuckle, "I guess you're right. Can we at least have mind blowing sex when we get home?"

"That's practically a guarantee," replied Grace, batting her eyelashes at him.

"Okay, let me get changed first," he said, getting up from bed. Stephen found an old pair of gym shorts in his dresser, left behind from his days in high school PE class. They just barely fit him, but after a small wish from Grace, it expanded to fit him perfectly. He grabbed a simple t-shirt as well, completing the ensemble. 

"Not bad, hot stuff," Grace purred, giving him elevator eyes.

"Please," laughed Stephen. "I'm nothing compared to you!"

"Keep up the compliments, and I'll let you help me stretch out," she whispered, sexily, bending down to touch her toes. The way her ass popped out as she did so had Stephen's eyes bulging. She looked back at him, noticing his reaction, "Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to come help me? I'm awfully... tight."

He moved closer, lining up behind her and pressing his own crotch firmly against the stretched fabric of her spandex. For her own part, Grace pressed back against him, giving a subtle moan as his hands slid to her hips.

"Mmm, just like that," she whimpered, before straightening up. "I'm looking forward to later when you really get to stretch me out," she finished, giving little doubt behind the innuendo.

Before Stephen could even form a response, she grabbed his hand, leading him out of the bedroom, "Come on, or we'll never get there!"

Thankfully, the gym was just a short five minute drive away. It was one of those big box type of gyms, with two separate sections: one for free weights and machines, and the other for cardio. Stephen had only been to this one once before, on a free pass during one of the many times before when he had tried to get in shape. Unfortunately, since it was just an expired free pass, it meant that they had to get their own membership passes. Thankfully, though, they were able to get them at a significant discount, as the teenaged boy working the desk could not stop gawking at Grace.

"Flirt," Stephen accused with a playful smirk, as they walked away from the welcome desk.

"Don't worry, my love. I only have eyes for you," she practically sang, bumping back into his body.

"So what's first on the agenda for our workout?" He asked.

"Well, based upon your workout plan, we are going to start down here in the free weights," gestured Grace. "When you made your wish, I had to look inside your mind to see what type of goals you envisioned for fitness. Basically, what you would like for your ideal body. And while you would like to carry less fat around your midsection, you'd also greatly prefer adding muscle to bulk up. So we are going to add muscle first."

"Sounds like a plan," replied Stephen, nervously, seeing all the other regular gym goers hoarding the free weights. From the look of things, several of these regulars had years of experience, and muscle, to show for it. Many of the men, and a few of the women, were ripped and fit, with toned bodies well on display. He immediately felt insecure, and wanted to retreat to the safer, cardio section.

"Maybe we should hit cardio first," he reconsidered, trying not to let that insecurity show in his voice.

Grace just shook her head, "Everyone is a beginner at some point, babe. Even those muscleheads over there had a time when they were new and insecure."

Stephen just nodded and tried to put on a brave face. 

"Besides," Grace smirked evilly. "Several of them are slightly jealous of you right now."

"Jealous?"

"Mhmm. Some of them have figured out that we are together already. Although, some of the more bullheaded ones just think I'm nothing but your personal trainer, or a friend," she replied.

Stephen looked over to a group of guys who were standing around a squat rack. Two of them were obviously watching Grace and talking between themselves. Yet before he could analyze the situation any longer, Grace practically leapt into his arms and kissed him soundly, causing enough commotion for everyone nearby to take notice. 

"What are you doing??" Stephen asked, nervously, looking around at the other gym-goers as they stared. A few of the men dropped their shoulders in defeat at seeing the very public display of affection.

"Leaving no doubt in their minds that we are together," replied Grace with a coy smile.

"Grace, you're crazy," grinned Stephen, temporarily put at ease.

"You wouldn't have me any other way, and you know it," she replied with a grin.

"Okay, gorgeous, what am I doing first?"

Grace wordlessly walked over to the dumbbell rack and grabbed a couple of forty pound weights. She walked over to an unused bench and set them down on either side. "Bench press. My appraisals of your strength say that this is a good starting point for you. I want you to lay back and balance the dumbbells on your chest."

Stephen did as he was told, being familiar with the movement from his days playing baseball. Balancing the weight in each hand, he laid back until his body was pressed firmly against the bench, staring straight up at the ceiling. Grace came around to stand right by his head, leaning down to stare him in the eyes. 

"Just push up for eight reps. I'll be here to spot you in case you tire out," she smiled.

"And provide me with the necessary cleavage shots to motivate me?" Stephen asked, eyeing the healthy shot of tits that she was providing him from this angle.

"Oh no, I wouldn't dare," replied Grace, a little too innocently while fluttering her eyes. 

Stephen got out one perfunctory chuckle before focusing on the weights. He pressed up, feeling the combined weight of eighty pounds press back on his long ignored muscles.

"One," Grace counted, as he crested in height, before letting it fall in a controlled manner back to his chest. Stephen focused on it again, pushing it back to the same height as before.

"Two," Grace counted. It went on until Stephen reached eight, and then he set the weights back down on the ground and sat up.

"How does that feel?" Grace asked, wearing her trademark smile.

"Good!" He replied, honestly, liking the little sting in his chest and arms from the movement. "It's been a long time since I did anything like that."

"Think you can do it two more times? I have you down for three sets." She asked.

"I can try," replied Stephen, before laying back down with the weight in his hands after a minute of catching his breath. 

He managed to belt out an even three sets of eight repetitions each. As soon as he dropped the weights from his now pulsing pectoral muscle, Grace scooped up into his arms.

"I knew you could do it," she grinned, and kissed him soundly.

"You provide all the motivation I need, apparently," chuckled Stephen.

"Since you did those so well, the next time we do it, we'll bump you up to eighty five pounds!"

Stephen raised an eyebrow, "So soon? Shouldn't I really master eighty pounds first?"

"Nope, you just did master it. It's time for something heavier."

"Okay, slave driver," he teased, before adding finally, "I trust you."

From there on, Grace instructed him on how to do a number of different movements, each designed to work a core muscle, or group of muscles for maximum activation. She showed him how to do extensions to isolate his triceps, chest flies as a follow up to the bench press, an overhead press for his shoulders, and wrapped it up with several exercises designed to stimulate the abdominals.
