 Lonely Traveller's Ecstasy and Transformation

Lying once again naked in the field - having spent your third night giving in to the ecstasy brought to you by the mysterious fog -- you find that you can barely rise to your feet. Your legs tremble as you gather up your clothing, which had been strewn across the grass. Barely able to walk, you make your way back to your room at the inn. Once inside, you collapse on the bed, still out of breath. You recall the events of tonight and the previous two nights when you were drawn to the field and to the mysterious fog that seemed to come from the dark forest at the edge of the field. You cannot explain the wind and how it was able to lift and carry you to the fog. You cannot explain why the fog moved as a living being around and inside of you. Thinking about the fog causes a swelling of your labia and you feel a little wet trickle run out of your sore, but satisfied vagina. You do know that the fog had touched you at your core. It had brought you to orgasms so great that every nerve in your body erupted, sharing in the ecstasy. Still, you feel like there is more, much more. You cannot put your finger on it, but some sort of connection has been made. It is as if something deep inside of you had been lying dormant until the fog created a spark that ignited a fire inside of you - a fire that seems to be spreading.

"Damn!" you think. You know that you cannot stay another night as you have a business meeting the next day. You shower, dress, and check out of the inn. While you pull out of the parking lot, you look at the field and forest in your rear-view mirror. You have a slight shudder as you feel a tingling charge run up and down your spine. Smiling, you watch the field disappear in the distance while you drive away. You aren't sure when you will return, but know that you will. You cannot shake the feeling of being drawn to that forest. What secret does that forest hold, and why do you feel such an eerie connection to it?

Once you return to your apartment in the city, you unpack and set about your business -- trying to put the thoughts of the fog and what happened in that field out of your mind. Several days pass and you begin to notice increasing sensations stirring deep inside of you. It is as if something is waking inside of you that you cannot control. At first you think that you are merely feeling horny and in need of sex. Since breaking up with Derek, sex has been a solo event...unless you count the encounters with the fog. You smile and wonder what Derek would say if he knew that he could never make you cum like the fog did.

You find it extremely difficult to concentrate on anything else. You hope none of your colleagues notice you squirming in your seat during meetings, or wonder why you seem to disappear into your locked office - hoping no one suspects that you have a constant need to find any sort of sexual release, all to no avail.

"What am I suppose to do, feeling this horny all the time?" You ask out loud, realizing that you just blurted that question out while sitting on a crowded bus. Looking down, you try not to see how many eyes were upon you at that moment. Thankfully, your stop is next and you hurry off the bus and head up the street toward your apartment. Safe inside, you fumble with your clothes and hurry toward your bed. Opening a drawer, you remove your favorite vibrator. Your hands cup and squeeze your breasts as you strain to lick your nipples, which seem to be perpetually erect these days. You remove your soaked panties and let the vibrations from your "friend" tease your clit while your fingers dip themselves inside and spread your slick juices all around. 

Your hand begins to massage your yearning clit while you slip the vibrator deep inside of you, closing your eyes, pretending that you are with the fog again. You begin to slide the vibrating cock in and out while your fingers swirl around your throbbing clit. Your hips begin to rise and fall as the vibrator hums away, ramming itself harder and deeper into your drenched and hungry pussy. You moan as you feel the vibrations pulse deep inside your vagina, fantasizing about the fog. Then, as has happened so often since your return, your entire body stiffens. Your vagina clenches around the vibrator. Bracing for an orgasm that never comes, you hold your breath. Nothing! Why? You cannot understand. Still horny, but without relief, you take a shower and get ready for bed. Exhausted from your attempts to give yourself a needed orgasm, you quickly fall asleep. 

You awaken to find yourself naked and standing next to a tree. Upon hearing giggling and women's voices, you try to hide behind a large rock. Squatting down to avoid being seen, you feel delicate fingers reach up from the ground and touch your vagina. You gasp, but do not move, as your pussy is so wet and it feels delightful. Then you hear a howling sound.... very close by. Looking around, you see shadowy figures (appearing to be female) running amongst and behind the trees. You try to scream when a hand covers your eyes and then another covers your mouth. You feel many hands grabbing your arms, legs, and torso as you feel yourself being carried somewhere. The burning inside of your continues to build with each step they take. You whimper because it feels as if you are about to explode.

The hands set you down on what feels like a flat rock. The hands uncover your eyes and mouth. All is silent. Looking over toward a cluster of trees, you see a fog begin to form. Then you see a very tall shadowy figure step out of the fog. The figure moves toward you and you feel the delicate hands on you again, this time holding your arms down and your legs apart. The figure's long arm extends and reaches down toward your gaping and wet vagina. Not knowing what to do, you clench your eyes shut and pray this is a dream. You feel a finger enter you slowly. Then it happens, as if being zapped by an electrical charge, your entire body spasms and convulses on the flat rock. Shrieking, you sit straight up.

You are back in your apartment. As dreams went, this was the most vivid you can remember. You are covered with sweat and realize that your sheets are soaking wet. Sniffing your fingers, you realize that you must have been masturbating while having that dream -judging by the way you felt and by the wet sheets, you must have had an orgasm. That figure in the fog, was it real? You cannot stop thinking about the secrets the forest holds.

As if in a trance, you quickly pack a suitcase, grab your car keys and head to the parking garage. You begin your journey back to the inn where it all began - back to the field and the dark forest. With every mile, you feel the burning grow and feel the pull toward the unknown. You enter the quiet village just as night is falling. Your heart begins to race as you frantically navigate your car through the streets leading to the inn at the edge of the village. Once you pull into the parking lot, you decide to check-in later and hurry around to the back of the building where you stop and gaze at the field. The full moon's glow illuminates the field as a shiver runs from your head to your toes.

Taking a deep breath and looking past the field to the darkened forest, you cautiously step onto the grass. With each step, you feel the heels of your shoes begin to sink into the ground. Kicking them off, you close your eyes and smile when your bare feet feel the soft dew covered grass. It is a welcoming feeling. When you are halfway across the field a breeze begins to blow. Smiling, you think you know what might happen because this breeze is all too familiar to you. You look for the fog, but it is no sign of it anywhere. The breeze seems to be directing you toward the forest. Your heart is pounding and you can no longer fight the urge to enter the forest because your insides burn for something you have yet to discover.

Stopping at the edge of the forest, you strain your eyes to see what lies inside. Then you enter slowly, looking all around. The deeper you go into the forest, the darker it becomes as the moonlight is blocked by the massive, tall trees. You hear something sounding like whispering all around you, but see no one. Then, as it happened in your dream, you see shadowy figures scurrying about among the trees. They appear to be female, but you are not sure.

Turning around, you realize that even if you wanted to leave this place, you have no idea which direction to go. You gasp as you feel something brush past you. Suddenly, you feel a tug at the left sleeve of your jacket. Struggling to get free, you pull your arm out of the sleeve and stumble as you let the jacket fly from your other arm. You know that you should be petrified, but the burning inside you continues to intensify and your breathing begins to quicken. You know you are not alone here as you back away from the whispering sounds.

"We have been waiting for you," a soft voice calls from behind you. Spinning around, you are greeted by the sight of a nude female with eyes so blue that they seemed to glow in the darkness. At first you think she is a child, as she is only a little over a meter tall, yet you cannot help but to notice that her breasts are fully developed with the most enchanting nipples that you have laid eyes on. Her long brown hair flows down her back and nearly reaches her small and firm buttocks. The only thing she wears is a beautiful gold necklace with gemstones unlike any you have ever seen. Her movements are so graceful that it is as if she floats or glides above the ground.

"Wh-who are you?" You stutter. She smiles and replies, "We are the people of the forest, protectors of the trees -- some refer to us as nymphs." 

"We?" You ask before having a chance to notice that you are now surrounded by at least twenty of these "nymphs."

The nymph continues, "Our master and protector sent us to bring you to him." 

You feel an all too familiar charge run up and down your spine as your inner burning surges. You are told that the nymphs are going to prepare you for when their master arrives. The nymphs begin to move closer to you as you frantically look for an escape. Then you feel a hand grip your wrist while an arm wraps around your waist. You hear tearing fabric when you realize that your blouse is being torn from your body. You are gently pushed to the ground as your skirt is pulled off. Crawling on hands and knees, you feel small and delicate fingers gripping the waistband of your panties -- pulling them down and ultimately off your legs. You stand up and come face to face with the first nymph you encountered.

"There is nothing to fear...search deep inside...you know that this is where you belong." She smiles and then reaches up to tear open your bra.

Turning, you begin to flee. Thinking that you have lost them, you stop to catch your breath. Then you hear their voices as they approach. Hiding behind a rock, your mind flashes back to your dream. But before you can react, you feel the fingers reaching up from the ground to touch your vagina. Letting out a soft moan (as the stirrings inside you are pure torture at this point), you allow the fingers to explore you before struggling to your feet. You are about to run when you feel the hands cover your eyes and mouth. Then, more hands pick you up and carry you deeper into the forest.

The hands release you as you are lowered onto the flat stone....the one you remember from your dream. You ask, "What is going to happen to me?" Stepping forward, the first nymph replies, "You are to be prepared for our master, Lord of this forest." 

The nymphs soon surround you, lying naked on the stone. They move in closer. The flames within you begin to scorch you soul. At first you fear that you are to be sacrificed in some sort of pagan ritual. "What are you preparing me for? Am I to be a sacrificial gift to this master of yours?" You demand. Your fears begin to turn into rage as you crouch on the stone to defend yourself. The burning inside you courses through your body as you begin to feel an inner power like you have never felt before.... making you feel invincible.

The nymphs laugh playfully. The first nymph steps onto the stone, reaching out to softly touch your face and says, "No, you are the chosen one....to be his mate. You will soon understand all of the sensations you are feeling. The deep burning passion that first called you to the field, and then back to this forest. It is where you belong. Don't try to fight the burning. Accept all that you feel and it will lead you to your intended destination."

You feel the rage begin to subside, only to be replaced by deep, intense passion and lust. The first nymph stands you up and reaches up to touch your breasts. Sucking in a quick short breath, you feel your nipples harden even more under her soft touch. Having never been touched by another woman, you are surprised at how erotic it feels. The nymph continues to explore the curves of your breasts and her fingertips trace around your areolas and nipples. She rises on her toes so that her mouth can reach your nipples, which she begins to tenderly suck. As you begin to moan and your knees weaken, she helps you to lie back down.

Surrounded by these beautiful nude nymphs, you smile and begin to let the fires within you burn freely. You spread out your arms as the nymphs begin to kneel around you and caress every centimeter of your flesh. Their soft hands and fingers send shivers and tremors throughout your body. Your breaths begin to quicken as your heart races again. Letting out a loud moan, you spread your legs wider as you feel so many fingers exploring and caressing your labia and clit. The fingers glide all around, spreading your slick wet juices. Your hips begin to gyrate wanting more.

When you feel two tongues at once on your swollen lips, you cry out. The tongues slowly lick up the outside of each labium and down the inside. While they are doing this, a third tongue begins to gently tease your very erect clit. Your clit feels like it is about to pull away from your body, it is so rigid. 

So many mouths, tongues and hands cover your breasts, stomach, arms, and legs. It is as if the tongues are cleansing you as you feel them licking every centimeter of your flesh. You writhe as you give in to everything you are feeling. The burning inside your now has taken over your every thought and movement. You grab one of the nymphs and pull her on top of you. Digging your nails into her back, you begin to suck and bite her pert breasts. Her nipples grow in your mouth as your tongue encircles them. You feel her wet, hairless pussy rubbing against your stomach as she whimpers and moans. Reaching down, you find her pussy and slip two fingers deep inside while fervently rubbing her clit with your thumb. Her vagina begins to contract wildly around your fingers as her hips start bucking against your hand. Your own hips continue to grind into the faces of the nymphs licking your own pussy. One nymph has even slipped her long tongue inside and you feel it moving all around.

The nymph on your hand screams as she cums. You feel a wet gush flow down to your wrist as she stiffens, then rolls off you and slumps to the ground. You moan and cry out, devouring the pleasure these nymphs bring to you, yet your hunger for more is growing faster than they can give. It is a hunger that cannot be quenched...yet you need to feed it more. 

Grabbing another nymph, you pull lift her up so that she straddles your face and pull her dripping vagina to your eager mouth. Feeling the mouths and tongues on your own pussy, you begin to suck at the nymph's clit. The clit seems to grow longer inside your mouth as your tongue twirls around it. You lap up her sweet nectar hoping to feed your desires, yet the hunger continues to grow. It is as if the more you feed it, the greater the hunger becomes. The nymph begins to grind against your lips and tongue as you grab her ass and pull it in an attempt to swallow her whole.

Your hips begin to buck wildly as the nymphs between your legs struggle with their task. Your chin and cheeks have become soaked with this nymph's sweet nectar when you slip your tongue inside only to feel her reach a convulsing orgasm, her pussy gripping your tongue tightly. All around you, you hear the sounds of pleasure. The nymphs who are not pleasuring you are surrounding the flat stone pleasuring each other.

Then, all grows quiet. The tongues and hands on your body cease. Looking around, you notice that all eyes are on a pair of trees less than five meters from the stone. A thick fog has formed between the trees. Then, faintly at first, you see a tall figure emerge from the fog. A black, hooded cloak covers the figure. When the figure steps out of the fog and into the clearing near the stone where you lie panting, you feel your hunger build to a level you have not even imagined possible. Your spine feels like bolts of lightning-- sending electricity to every nerve in your body, are charging it.

Three of the nymphs glide over to the figure and slowly remove its cloak. You find it hard to breath when you gaze upon a man who looks like he stepped out of a Greek myth. Your eyes feast on his nude body. He is over two meters tall with a build that would make Hercules jealous. He smiles and steps closer. You catch your breath and begin to feel your heart pound so hard that you are sure all can hear it. The fires within you have become an inferno.

Your eyes begin to scan down his body, from his face to his massive chest. Your gaze moves down his stomach and then is cast upon the most beautiful and largest penis you have ever seen.

One of the nymphs climbs onto his shoulders and rests her breasts on his head while several others begin to run their hands over his chest and stomach. You feel the touches and tongues of the nymphs return to your own body as you watch the nymphs glide all over this statuesque man. Two of the nymphs begin to stroke his large penis while one begins to lick his pendulous sack. You begin to moan again, partly from the sensations brought to you by the nymphs, but mostly at the sight of his growing cock while the nymphs begin to run their tongues up and down his thick shaft.

Soon, you stare in awe of his raging erection as he steps closer to you. The nymphs get up from between your legs and back away as he reaches down to touch your hungry pussy. Leaning over your face, he kisses your lips. When he slips his tongue deep into your mouth, he also slips a finger inside of you. Your tongue dances with his tongue as his finger curls up and presses against your G-spot. Instantly, your body convulses uncontrollably as if being given an electrifying shock. You cum quickly, but know that you hunger for more.

He then lies down next to you. Getting up, you position your swollen, drenched pussy over his face and set your sights on his throbbing erection. Not even wondering if you can fit it into your mouth, you lower your face toward the head and begin to lick the tip, tasting a drop of his sweet pre-cum. You feel his tongue begin to slowly explore your labia while his fingers enter you and begin to slip in and out. Opening your mouth and closing your eyes, you begin to take the head of his penis inside. To your surprise, the size and shape of his cock seemed to shift to accommodate your mouth and throat. You take him all the way in and down your throat without even the slighted feeling of a gag. 

His fingers and tongue continue to drive your hunger as you attempt to feed it by quickly impaling your mouth on his throbbing penis. You can feel it pulsing deep inside your throat. Your hunger screams for more. It cries out to be fed and satisfied as you gyrate your hips to match his mouth and fingers. One of the nymphs begins to lick and slip a finger into your anus, stimulating your contracting sphincter. You nearly bite down on this glorious cock as new waves of pleasure roll over you.
