 Stephen was dreaming, of that much he was certain. The funny part about it was that Grace was with him, and they were running, yet from what, he wasn't sure. Darkness was surrounding them both, threatening to envelop them from every side. It hadn't yet descended into a nightmare, but he knew that's where it was leading. 

Then, something felt extraordinarily... not right. Something felt.. wet. And warm. It wasn't raining in his dream, nor was he near any water, so where was the feeling of wetness coming from? He felt himself being pulled from the dream, as if he were a stuffed animal being yanked up by a metal claw. Suddenly, consciousness dawned on him, and there he was, right back in his bedroom, safe in his own bed.

Yet, still the feeling of warmth and wetness persisted. Now that he was awake, he could pinpoint where exactly that feeling was coming from. After a moment's hesitation, he realized it was coming from his groin.

Looking down, he was slightly shocked to see his blankets tented much more than usual around his waist, as well as what he made out to be a very human tongue licking the underside of his shaft.

Smiling to himself, he lifted the blankets to find a mess of light brown hair and piercing blue eyes staring back at him. "G'd 'orning!" she mustered, while talking with a mouthful.

"I think this is the best way to wake up ever," he grinned, watching as she carefully slid his cock out of her mouth.

"I thought so, too," she giggled, before going back down in one fairly impressive deepthroat. "Why don't you just sit back and enjoy while I have my way with this popsicle here?"

"If you insist," Stephen teased playfully, and watched while Grace put on an entertaining show for his pleasure.

Grace set back to work, now that her audience was more conscious. She casually ran her tongue along the slit, circling it around as if trying to decide her next move. Her decision made, she quickly sucked the tip into her mouth, increasing the suction and pressure on it, and until she popped it out, making a lot smacking sounds in the process. Then she would repeat the process several times, each time ending with a show-stopping grin as if amusing herself in the process.

Stephen just groaned as she worked, treating his phallus as if it were some precious gift that would soon be taken away. With a deft combination of hands and mouth, Grace worked his cock with mindblowing precision and skill, enough to make his eyes roll to the back of his head.

"You look like you're having fun down there," he said after several minutes, after his breathing had gone up a notch.

"And to think," Grace responded, scooting up closer to his face. "You haven't seen anything yet!"

Wordlessly, she encased his unit between her perfect, fleshy orbs. The softness of her tits felt incredible against his aching shaft, and when Grace pulled them closed, trapping his cock, he immediately began to buckle his hips.

"Not yet, Master," winked Grace, grinning at his obvious attempts to thrust. She dripped some saliva down the valley between her breasts, coating the tip of his cock in the process. "We need a little more lubrication if we're going to do that!"

"Whatever you say," agreed Stephen, mesmerized at the sight of her erect nipples, each nub standing out tall, proud, and begging to be sucked on. From his vantage point, he could tell Grace was extremely turned on, but then again, was there ever a time his sexy genie companion wasn't ready to romp the sheets?

"Do you want to fuck my tits, Master?" Grace said in a low voice, while batting her eyelashes at him.

"God, yes," he whispered, still trying to arch his hips.

"I think your cock looks so sexy between them. Don't you?" She looked down, to see him perfectly encased.

"Mhmm. Perfect fit," he muttered.

"Well, what are you waiting for, love?" She grinned, before grabbing her tits and expertly using them to rub his shaft. Stephen groaned as Grace began working, and then he let his own body shoulder some of the burden. He began thrusting, slow at first, letting her generous coating of saliva lube her tits and making the whole experience much more pleasurable. The softness that surrounded his cock was completely unlike any other sensation, or sex, that they had done already. Unique, and gratifying in its own way, Stephen focused on meeting her rhythm with carefully timed thrusts of his own.

As if the situation couldn't get any more erotic, Grace began to use her mouth on the tip every time he completed a full thrust. At that moment, when his cock was close to her face, she would let the tip slide into her mouth, applying full suction as an additional element to overload his senses. The majority of the time, she'd keep eye contact, her sexy blue eyes letting him know that she would always take care of his every single need. 

A single bead of sweat casually drifted down his forehead as Stephen fucked her tits. As their pace quickened, Stephen could already picture the sight of her covered in his cum. Great globs of semen, coating her pretty face, sliding down her succulent tits, and coating her flawless body. He imagined her rubbing it into her nipples, tweaking and pinching while using his cum like some kind of natural body lotion. The images conjured in his mind were quickly increasing his heart rate.

"It seems my Master is quite the naughty boy," smiled Grace, watching him pant. "Wanting to coat his genie in all his cum, hmm?"

"You saw that?" Stephen panted, knowing she must have been looking into his mind.

"Mhmm," whimpered Grace, before leaning in really close, "And it's really turning me on!"

"That makes... two of us," he managed, while Grace giggled at his words.

"Then do it then. Please? For me? Coat my face in your cum, Stephen. I want to feel you squirting it all over my body. I've been a good girlfriend, haven't I? Don't I deserve your cum?" The way she stuck out her lower lip at the end, combining sexy and pouty in one serious glance was enough for Stephen to hit the point of no return.

"Gonna cum!" He grunted, as his wildly thrusting hips powered into overdrive.

"Yesss, give it to me!" Grace hissed, working her tits faster up and down his cock.

"Fuck!," Stephen moaned as the first squirt shot out and hit Grace's cheeks. Successive waves of power jets coated her chin, neck, and finally tits as his orgasm overtook him. It was one of the better orgasms he had recently had, which was saying a lot for all the sex they'd been having in the last three days.

"Mmm, that's it, babe. Cum all over me," replied Grace, as she gave serious effort into coaxing the last drop out of his battered member. Once she was sure the last drop was out, she lovingly kissed the tip, and then attended to herself. She rubbed his cum over each breast, applying a thin layer of semen in a light coat. True to his thoughts, she then massaged several drops of it over each nipple, before giving an exaggerated show of pinching and playing with each one. 

"Just like that?" She whispered, sexily, as two fingers squeezed her nipple in between.

Stephen could only nod, not trusting himself to speak in such a state of arousal.

She could only smile, before attending back to her work. After working as much of his cum from her face into her mouth as she could, she then took whatever remained on her body and used her finger to gently scoop it into her mouth.

"Mmm yummy," she purred, after sucking down the last drop.

"You're my dream woman," said Stephen, amazed at the show she had just put on for him.

Grace beamed with a smile, and the made a performance level bow, before sliding back up to wrap her arms around him.

"Definitely the best way to wake up ever," he said, once again.

"Duly noted," replied Grace, her nose nuzzling against his chest. "I'll have to keep that one up from now on!"

"You'll hear no complaints from me," breathed Stephen.

"I'm just a little messy now," replied Grace, looking down at her cum-coated tits.

"Grace, I wish for you to be completely clean and cum free," wished Stephen.

Within an instant, Grace's sticky breasts were once more dry and spotless. 

"Mmm, perfect," she murmured, happily. "Tell me we can stay like this all day?"

"I hate to burst your bubble," chuckled Stephen. "But I have to work later this evening. Plus, today is payday, and I usually go in to work the morning anyway, to grab my check, and deposit it in the bank. We have a run of bills that are coming due, and I want to get it processed as soon as possible."

"So, we are going to your work twice today?" Grace asked.

"Mhmm," answered Stephen. "Do you mind?"

Grace blinked and then smiled, "Not at all! We'll make it fun!"

Stephen shook his head playfully in response. One of the things he liked most about Grace was her ability to always find the excitement in doing the most mundane tasks. Just by existing, she added color to his otherwise plain life. 

"Good, I'm glad you don't mind too much," he replied.

"You know, you're probably the first person in genie history still worried about a standard paycheck. You know one wish could take away any money problems immediately, right?" Grace laughed.

"Believe me, I've thought about it," chuckled Stephen. "But I don't want to take the easy way out. Nor do I want to abuse your powers like that. I want to try to live a normal life as much as possible. Normal, but good. And if I have you by my side, I'll know it will be a good one."

"You're a very rare person, Stephen Willow," repeated Grace, before launching herself at his lips. 

"Stupid person, maybe," he chuckled after their lips parted.

"Never stupid. In fact, I think you are incredibly wise for your age," noted Grace.

"Well, as long as you do," Stephen replied, before slowly shuffling out of bed. His boxers were still wrapped around his ankles, and Stephen pulled them up completely, earning a little pout from Grace as his nudity evaporated. While he began looking for a shirt to throw on, he caught side of his incredibly bad bed-head from the night before.

"Hmm, this won't do," he noted, trying to slick down his curls into something more manageable.

"Tell me about it," replied Grace, who had hoisted herself up from the bed. She had the clearest case of sex hair that Stephen had ever seen. Half of her light brown hair on one side was clumped up almost into a ball.

"Maybe we should take a shower before we go," he chuckled.

"Oh, goodie!" Grace clapped her hands, with a twinkle in her eye.

Forty five minutes, three orgasms, two soaking towels, and one tickle war later, the young couple finally made their way out of the shower and back to Stephen's room to get dressed. Stephen had already changed into a fresh pair of boxers, and a new clean tank top, and picked up the shirt from earlier to put on, as well as a pair of shorts. Grace still wore her towel, casually wrapped around her torso, before dropping it completely in front of Stephen's full length mirror.

The sight of Grace's nude body never failed to grasp Stephen's attention. As she pondered her choice of wardrobe for the day, his eyes drifted over every inch of succulent, creamy skin. Within moments, Grace was completely clothed, having chosen a chaste hunter green blouse to go with a pair of light blue jean shorts that perfectly framed her ass. 

"Like it?" She asked, as she held her hands out and faced him.

Stephen nodded, hungrily, enjoying the view.

"You always make me feel so pretty," giggled Grace, before taking his hand and leading them out of his room.

Not much more than five minutes later, they were already driving off to Price Chopper, with Grace occupying the passenger seat. This usual Thursday morning routine had been a staple for Stephen, used to popping in just to grab his paycheck. Yet today, he wore a broad smile on his face at having Grace by his side. He wondered what his coworkers would think when they saw Grace strolling into the store. 

Miguel, for one, would freak and would probably drop his jaw at the sight of her. Several of the other stock clerks would be fawning over her as well. Several of the cashier girls would most likely be jealous, and prone to being catty just because of how beautiful she was. Hell, even Abby might give her a hard time.

Stephen's heart suddenly seized up at the unexpected thought of Abby. Ever since Grace had so suddenly forced her way into his life, he had rarely thought about the tall, blonde girl who had rejected him last week. A good thing, no doubt, as he had already moved on, yet it still could make for an awkward moment if she was working customer service this morning. Nervously, Stephen began to fret about what might happen if things didn't go well at the store just because he brought Grace.

Stephen wasn't sure if it was the look on his face, which was clearly written with anxiety, or if Grace had been monitoring his thoughts again, but she casually reached out to grip his hand.

"Stephen?"

"Hmm?" he asked, being jarred back to the present.

"What's bothering you?"

Stephen hesitated at first, yet ultimately knew he would have to come clean. What was the point in lying to someone who could read your mind?

"Just a bit nervous," he started. "About introducing you to a few people at work."

"Introducing me?" She asked. "Anyone in particular?"

"Just.. well, there was this girl that I had a thing for. Had, as in past tense. I asked her out and she rejected me. There's a good chance she might be there, and I'm just a little nervous of what might happen when she comes face to face with you."

Grace listened carefully, nodding to his words. Finally, she spoke. "I don't think you should be nervous about that. If anything, I think she'll be the uncomfortable one."

"Why's that?" 

"It's a girl thing," smiled Grace, knowingly. "If you rub her nose with something that she COULD have had, but now that she CAN'T have, it's going to drive her nuts. It might actually be rather funny," giggled Grace.

"Well, I'm glad you can see the comedy in the situation," replied Stephen, sarcastically.

"That is, of course, unless you still want to have her? Because I can make that happen," Grace insinuated, making a subtle snap of her fingers.

"No! I mean, that's okay. I'm well and truly over her," replied Stephen, quickly.

"Is that right? Already have your eye on someone new?" Grace teased.

"Shush you," chuckled Stephen, earning a hearty laugh from his genie companion.

Stephen pulled into the lot at Price Chopper about five minutes later and parked in the employee lot. As befit of his nerves, he was slower to get out of the car, while Grace practically bounded out, taking his hand in her own, and yanking him to the entrance.

"Don't worry, babe. It'll go just fine." Her eyes twinkled with confidence.

Together, they walked into the vestibule that held the shopping cards, coming into the main section of the store. It was split at the entrance, forcing you to either walk left or right. Walking left would take you to the checkout section, with the majority of the registers. Walking right would take you to produce, and the start of the store, as well as customer service, where he normally picked up his check.

"Just have to hit customer service first," he said to Grace, rounding the corner, and quickly scanning customer service to see who was working. Of course, he let out a slight groan when he saw the one person he didn't want to see.

Abby was behind the counter, helping an older man who was cashing in lottery tickets. While she didn't notice Stephen right away, her eyes flickered up to his after a few moments. She gave a forced, awkward smile, before her eyes noticed Grace standing right next to him. A look of confusion reigned for only an instant, before she went back to helping the older man.

Great, this is going to be so awkward, thought Stephen.

"Okay, here's your Powerball ticket. And here's your $20 scratch off," announced Abby, giving two tickets to the older man.

"Wish me luck with these," he smiled, before shuffling away, and entering the main part of the store.

"Good luck!" Abby yelled, before turning her attention back to Stephen. Her forced smile dipped back onto her face.

"Hey Stephen," She greeted, before taking generous looks over at Grace.

"She's trying to figure out what the relationship is between us. It's actually causing her to panic right now," thought Grace, with Stephen feeling the imprint of her words on his mind. For her part, Grace wondered over to a table near the entrance, taking the store circular and beginning to leaf through it, and leaving the two momentarily alone.

"Hey Abby," replied Stephen, sheepishly. "Just here to pick up my check."

"Oh, no problem!" Abby ducked under the counter, and began to rummage through the employee pay drawer. "Let's see here... Travers, Villalobos, Walker... here we go, Willow." 

"I was hoping it was there. I have big plans for that check," Stephen chuckled, nervously.

"I know, right?" Abby replied, before finally looking at him. 

"I could always use a bigger check, though. Than what we get here," replied Stephen.

"Tell me about it! We don't get paid nearly enough for what we put up with here! I should tell you about what happened to me this morning," said Abby, handing over his check.

"What was that?"

"You would have laughed so hard," began Abby, cracking a smile. "This old lady was yelling at me because we wouldn't accept an expired coupon for ranch dressing! It expired five years ago! She was getting so worked up, her dentures popped out! I can't make that up, it was so funny!"

"That does sound crazy. People can be so nutty," chuckled Stephen.

"Seriously, what's with people?" giggled Abby, before managing to crack a more genuine smile and looked to be on the verge of something major. "Listen, Stephen. Can we talk for a moment? I just..."

She never got a chance to finish her sentence, before Grace bounded over holding the circular. "Baby, they have ice cream on sale this week! Can we get some for tonight?"

Stephen glanced over at Grace, who was now pressing firmly into his side in a possessive matter. "Of course," he laughed.

When Abby saw the way Grace had pushed up against him, her smile dropped almost completely. She pulled the check from the pile and handed it over, but not before offering a glare over in Grace's direction, who was now pressing her head against Stephen's chest.

"Er, thanks Abby, I appreciate it."

"No problem! Um, aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?" Abby asked, finally addressing the elephant in the room.

"Oh yeah, of course. Grace, this is my friend and coworker, Abby Cutler. Abby, this is my... girlfriend, Grace Martin."

"Hi Abby, it's so nice to meet you! I always enjoy meeting friends of Stephen's!" Grace beamed, extending her hand out to the shocked girl.

"Oh wow! It's... nice to meet you, too," said Abby, finally, her eyes going a bit wide while taking quick glances back and forth. "Uh, so girlfriend, huh? Seems rather fast?" Her eyes finally settling on Stephen, as if to mentally inquire for more of an explanation.

"What can I say? I saw him, and I knew he was the one for me," giggled Grace, looking up at Stephen in the most adoring manner. 

"Yeah, it's only been a few days, but we are pretty happy together," confirmed Stephen, looking back down at Grace, who was hamming it up for all she was worth. By the time Stephen looked back over at Abby, she was chewing on her bottom lip wearing a look that spoke half confusion, half regret.

For his part, Stephen slightly relished the opportunity to twist the knife a little for Abby. He had felt so horrible, so hurt at her rejection last week. Now, seeing the same look in her eyes at the sight of him with Grace was very satisfying, even if only on an infantile, selfish level.
