 Lord Iton's Black Rose

The fortress was beyond a castle, dark grey and foreboding. Its oppressive dark grey walls cast a shadow across the road sending a chill through the bones of anyone who entered. 

A child ran up to the prison wagon belonging to Lord Iton and looked in through the back grill. He saw a lone girl wearing a rough shawl, with long dark hair falling about her face. There was also a rough band of iron secured about her throat as well as manacles. A heavy chain connected the collar to the manacles and then ran to the floor where a large padlock secured it to a ring bolted to the wagon's floor. 

The girl looked up and gave the child a nervous smile. A heavy spear slammed across the back of the wagon and the child yelped and ran away. The guard at the main gate laughed and waved the wagon through. Everyone near the wagon looked away and no one made eye contact with the warriors of Lord Iton as they made way for the heavy wagon. The king may have ruled the kingdom, but within his walls, Iton had the power of life and death. It was rumoured that Iton once boiled a trader alive because he sold him a pair of boots that were too small.

No one knew whether it was true but there were many head on spikes decorating the walls. The cawing of crows and other carrion birds was a constant sound echoing through the fortress. Unlike most of Iton's subjects, the crows were well fed.

The wagon stopped and the girl was unchained and dragged from the wagon. The guards fell into step with her and she was led into the keep. They stopped before a heavy door and knocked.

"Enter," a voice commanded.

She was led into a large room which was bare of any furnishings except for a large desk and an even larger chair behind it. A thin hawk faced man leaned against the table reading a scroll. He was thin and of medium height and dressed in fine silk, the yellow and black worked into his tunic in the latest fashion. He looked up from the parchment, his face creased with annoyance at the interruption.

He threw the scroll down and picked up a riding crop and pointed to the stone floor in front of him.

She fell to her knees hands outstretched in front of her in the position of submission, knees wide with forehead and breasts on the floor and hands outstretched before her. It was a position of complete surrender to a free man's authority. She studied her intently for long moments, the only sound heard in his apartment was the rapid breathing of the slave girl. While she may have been a little thin for Lord Iton's tastes, she was not displeasing to look at. The girl was at least in her twentieth year, that being the way of slavers and all slaves were referred to as girl, even the matriarchal ones. It was a reference to their status, not their age. The last steward who had brought a slave that was too young was thrown out a window and his bleached bones still decorated the rocks many hundreds of feet below the fortress walls. The steward always erred on the older side of twenty to make sure he did not also end up on the rocks.

"I gather this is the new slut for my lord's entertainment?" he asked without looking at her.

"It is my lord," one of the guards said as he handed the man a scroll.

He read the scroll and tossed it onto the table.

"I am Sulen, Steward to Lord Iton. It is my task to make sure that my lord is not displeased by you, otherwise you will meet a most unfortunate end; one which you will beg for death," Sulen said. "Do you understand?"

"Yes master," the girl said as she lowered her head.

"What is your name?" Sulen asked.

"I am known as Dynris Master," the girl said without looking up.

The crop whistled through the air and struck her across the small of her back leaving an angry red mark. The girl shrieked with pain and surprise as Sulen struck her four more time. There was no restraint as he lashed her, the girl's screams echoing throughout the chamber. He stopped and saw that she had not broken her position of submission throughout her discipline.

"You have no name except what we chose to give to you; you are property. And you spoke in the first person as if you are a human being... you are property and nothing more," Sulen snapped. 

"Yes Master, this girl pleads for your forgiveness," the girl said.

He struck her three more times, her body quivering from the abuse inflicted on it.

"There is no forgiveness, no mercy for you here, but I will permit you to live," Sulen said. "If you fail to please the Lord, you will be given over to the guards for their use."

"Yes Master," the girl said, her body trembled in terror.

"Take her away," Sulen ordered.

As she was led away, she stole a glance at one of the guards, and committed his face to memory.

* * *

Her tongue moved slowly down Iton's back sending shivers through his being and groaned with pleasure as she nipped at the side of his body with her teeth. Sweat ran free down her face as their coupling had consumed the better part of the day.

Lord Iton was a ruthless brute with the temper of a bear, who had never been known to have given mercy. Many had died squirming on the impaling pole, or screaming as they were flayed alive or lowered slowly into boiling oil. But he knew the ways of women the day he first grew the hair of a man, and never grew tired of their dancing before his attentions. 

Her pleasure seemed to go on forever and then his. He had taken her and released into her and each time he thought he was done. But each time, her skilled tongue, lips and teeth aroused him it started anew. He had lost track of time, and for once did not care. Let Sulen run the place, execute a few and tell the king to fuck himself; he had much more important activities to take care of. 

"Please turn over master." She begged.

He saw the beginnings of teardrops as they formed in her eyes as she dug her fingernails deeper into his arms. He winced as she came closer to breaking the skin.

"She has need," he thought. "This is one of the best that my men have brought to me. I will see that they are handsomely rewarded for this."

He rolled over and allowed her access to the front of his body. He lay with his hands behind his head and his legs wide. She moved across his body and air hissed through his clenched teeth as pressure rose within him. She moved across the bed and grace he hadn't seen for a long time. Thoughts of a large cat sprang to mind.

"If ever there was such a thing as a natural slave, it would have to be this one," Iton thought.

They intertwined and rolled from one side of the bed to the other. But there was never a danger of falling off, as the bed was exceptionally large.

Iton grabbed her by the hair and pinned her to the bed as he forced himself upon her. The slave put up token resistance, as it was expected but dangerous. If there was too little resistance the girl would be beaten for being too lazy, and too much would get her beaten for defying the master's will. The end was always the same, displease the master and the leather would be applied. It would kiss and caress her exposed flesh while the slave screamed and the blood flowed.

She cried out as he started to use her. Iton varied the pace, as there were some times when she thought he was trying to drive her through the bed and other times when he would take over a minute to take her. Every time he thrust into her, her vagina clamped against his erect shaft. She was obviously well schooled in the ways of pleasure and could do to a man's penis with her sex what most women did with their hand. He started to think that she could bring the dead back to life. 

He would then withdraw and apply himself to her pleasure before entering her again. The slave moaned and shuddered before the onslaught of his lovemaking. When he was ready he screamed as he consummated his need. They clawed and bit at each other in the dying moments of his mastery and collapsed in each other's arms.

Iton rolled over onto his stomach and spent a short time catching his breath before taking a bowl from his bedside table. Images of warriors hunting wild bear danced across the surface.

She held out her hand.

"Please master, let this slave feed you."

He laughed quietly.

"Very well my little black rose."

A puzzled expression crossed her face.

"A black rose? This one does not understand master."

"I call you a black rose because you are very beautiful and rare."

She smiled shyly and took the apple, which she began to polish its red and green surface with her long dark hair. When it had an almost mirror like sheen, she smiled.

"Master does this unworthy slave a great honour."

As he watched her at the foot of the bed and Iton again felt the stirrings of desire. He reached for her but she crawled across the bed and gently restrained him by putting her hand on his.

"Please master; let this unworthy slave give her master this fruit before we continue to make love again."

The large warrior lay back as the slave straddled his chest and bit into the apple and broke it in half. He smiled seeing that she was indeed talented in how she used her mouth. She placed the first half into his waiting mouth. Suddenly she shoved as hard as she could and drove the apple in his windpipe. Iton grunted in surprise and his windpipe was blocked and he started to panic. The slave smiled at him.

"You should always remember that even a rose has thorns."

He tried to grab at her but she had pinned his arms with her knees. Iton's hands became claws. He thrashed about but could not move her. She muttered an incantation which held her to the bed and his bones groaned under the strain.

"You will have to excuse me but this was the easiest way to get to you," she told him as he struggled. "It was arranged to have me captured and I knew you would have me brought here. Your weakness for women is well known."

The slave spoke to him in the same manner as telling him breakfast was ready. She seemed unaffected by his suffering. Iton was beginning to turn blue and his attempts to escape were growing feebler by the moment. He soon no longer had the strength to raise his arms. She slid down his body and mounted him and kissed his chest.

"I always like to make my victim's last moments as pleasant as possible."

Iton shuddered once more and then was still except for an involuntary release. She moaned and ran her tongue across painted lips and shook with pleasure. She knew of people that found asphyxiation to be better than any drug, much the same as a hanged man getting an erection as he died. Lord Iton climaxed for the last time.

She had to regain her composure before extracting herself from him. She ignored the sweat, semen and her pleasure and made no attempt to clean herself. Taking a deep breath she appeared to be a slave girl again. After taking a deep breath she leapt from the bed and ran to the door. She started to pound on the metal and oak. 

"HELP! HELP ME! MY MASTER'S DEAD!!!"

The doors were flung open and Iton's guards ran into the room with their weapons at the ready. Their polished armour gleamed in the torchlight and the faces were fully enclosed by a barbute helment except for a Y opening at the front. A yellow horsehair crest ran from front to back. A soldier grabbed her by the arm and shook her.

"What happened?" he snarled.

The slave recognised him as the guard commander and it would be his head that would roll if anything happened to Iton. She saw a bead of sweat running down the side of his neck.

"I... I woke to find my master dead," she sobbed. "I don't know what... happened."

He pushed her away roughly.

"Wait over there," and he pointed to a fur in the corner of the room.

She looked up at two thrusting spears fixed to the wall. The slave suspected they were there as a reminder of mans' superiority over woman and she smiled to herself.

"All things are not always as they appear."

The commander knelt on the bed and examined his lord. Iton lay there in a grotesque parody of the life he once lived. All the guards stared at their dead lord and no one noticed the intricate patterns that she weaved with her fingers.

"Blast, he's choked to death."

He looked around to see that the fur rug was empty.

"Hell and damnations, where is the slave girl?"

The guards looked at each other as in everyone's excitement, they had forgotten about her. She was gone.

"After her you idiots!" he roared.

* * *

Alberto Descemet, the underappreciated brother of Lord Iton smiled as he heard the alarm being raised and went to a drawer and took out a bag of gems. They were worth in excess of forty thousand gold crowns and went to an open window and dropped them. The bag landed on a pile of straw against the wall. Five minutes later a wraith like figure crept from the shadows, retrieved the bag and disappeared again.

He had thought to keep the gems but knew he would die badly if he betrayed the society. He went to the door and opened it as a warrior ran past with his spear at the ready. He grabbed the warrior by his chain maile.

"What is happening, tell me fool."

"My lord, your brother has died under suspicious circumstances and we are searching for an escaped slave."

"Never mind a missing slut. Arrest the Guard Commander and send the Sergeant of Arms to me. This place will be sending an emissary to the king." 

The soldier hesitated.

"Do it idiot or you will join the guard commander."

"You wouldn't find the slave anyway," he thought as he closed the door.

* * *

I saw the one known as Moldeath open his eyes and blink rapidly and he tried to find his bearings. He had drunk well the night before and enjoyed the company of a woman who had taken a shine to him. 

Alas the eyes of men are never as sharp as when wine warms them and their egos are stroked well. He did not see the liquid poured into his drink back at his apartment and after that saw very little at all... until now.

"Good morning Moldeath, I hoped you slept well."

It took a few moments for the recognition to sink in, and then I saw that he knew me.

"What is going on?" he demanded. 

"We are going to have a conversation you and I. And before we continue this talk, let me make your situation clear to you. If you fail to answer me in a way which is pleasing to me, I am going to take this very sharp knife and play doctor with you."

"What in the hell is this nonsense and what in the fuck are you playing at woman."

I applied the tip of my blade against his groin and he suddenly became well behaved, and that morning we discussed many things. He did need my special prompting from time to time but all told Moldeath was a good boy. And as a reward he did not die that badly. 

They found a guardsman slain in his quarters two days later after he did not report for duty and was reported as a robbery and murder. I believe they are still searching for the murderer.

* * *

Several days later on the same day that they found Sulen's flayed body across his table, no one stopped an old crone shuffling out of the south gate. If they had looked close enough, they would have seen the wry smile on her lips.

He had been skinned alive, his tongue and eyes removed and salt rubbed into his exposed flesh. A sign was placed about his neck which read 'There is no forgiveness, no mercy for you here'.

"A black rose," she thought as she hobbled along the road. "I like that."

The End