 Edited by luvtaread

*

He awoke the next day to the feel of Gina's mouth on his hard cock. She sucked him for a while before mounting him. She fucked herself to a pair of orgasms before he came. After a shower together they had breakfast and Lloyd left.

Invigorated by the previous night, Lloyd decided to spend the day seeing the city and enjoying his new power. Mostly he had a bit of fun toying with people, but he made a few love connections in passing as well.

At lunch he went to his favorite restaurant and he scoped the place, while he waited for a table, knowing that he could use his powers to find a lunch companion. As he scanned the restaurant he was seemingly drawn to a young woman buried in her computer. She sat alone at her table and to the outside observer seemed quite fine. However Lloyd's new power told him otherwise.

The girl's name was Jackie and she was a computer programmer, which explained the laptop on the table. Jackie wasn't bad looking, but she also clearly was not one who stressed over her appearance. What drew Lloyd's attention though was the loneliness that fueled her workaholic nature. Loneliness he was all too familiar with. Like him this girl had not been on many dates and although she had had sex, it was very infrequent. In fact she had only had sex with someone other than her high school boyfriend once. 

"Hi," Lloyd said as he slid into the confused computer geek's booth. It was apparent, by the odd look she gave him, that she had chosen this spot to avoid notice. 

"Excuse me, but I prefer to eat alone." Jackie said in a shaky voice. Lloyd read her nervousness and understood a bit a perfect stranger had just randomly sat at her table, it would freak-out anyone.

"Relax Jackie, I'm not going to hurt you or anything you just looked like you could use some company that's all." She seemed taken aback and Lloyd added, "Just think of me as practice in case that cute guy in accounting ever asks you out."

"How do you know my name?" Jackie finally asked after a few moments of silence, "And how do you know about Tom?"

"Is that really important Jackie?" he asked using a little of his power to calm her.

"I guess not," the newly calm Jackie said.

"Now are you working on anything important?" He of course knew the answer was no, but felt he should ask anyway. She shook her head and Lloyd said, "Well you are now my dear Jackie. Why don't you put away that laptop and let me help you take a big step toward that loving marriage and children you spend your nights dreaming about?"

He sensed that she was going to ask how he knew again but suddenly thought better of it instead she asked, "And what's in it for you?"

"Let's just say we weren't so different once." He heard the 'yeah right' in her mind but continued on. "Besides I like the thought of there being a little more love in the world. Now enough questions, tell me about yourself, like you would if we were on a date."

What followed was a painfully familiar scene. As promised he helped and coached her along and by the end of lunch he left behind a far more confident woman. Of course she still had to get someone to ask her out in the first place. Personally he thought this Tom in accounting was an idiot. "People," he thought, "they make this so difficult. If they would just get past themselves and quit the games they would be a lot happier."

"And where would be the fun in that my son?" his goddess answered in his head, "Love is difficult, insecurity and egos make it even tougher, but I think you're up to it." Then after a pause she continued, "But enough of the serious stuff, time for a little fun my son. A group of lust filled sorority sisters from LA just checked into the MGM. It seems they are looking to get laid tonight."

Lloyd smiled and later that night found himself in front of a suite door. He knocked and a smoking hot blonde answered. Lloyd worked a little of his magic both altering his physique and making her lust for him. Suddenly she dragged him into the room and Lloyd found at least six others in various states of undress in the suite and his mind filled with possibilities. He was dragged to the couch by the blonde and after he sat down he began issuing mental commands to all present. 

Soon he had eight naked college co-eds kissing and caressing his body. He began to increase the size of his cock and balls as four of the ladies lavished it with attention. Now nearly a foot and a half long and thick as a soda can he could feel the lust and awe it caused. Empowered by the lust and horniness of the eight sorority girls, he began to seize a control over not only the girl's thoughts, but actions as well.

"Swallow it deeper." He said looking down into the lust filled eyes of the blonde who had answered the door and now was sucking on the head of his mighty cock. She complied without hesitation and immediately deep throated as much as she could. He smiled at this, then seeing a busty red-head whose tits he wanted to see closer he commanded her and an Asian girl licking his body to switch.

He alternated fondling and sucking on the red-head's tits and those of an even bustier girl with dark brown hair on his other side. As he watched the ladies pleasure him he observed a raven haired girl crawling beneath a Latina that was licking his cock and bury her face in the Latina's pussy.

Seeing a girl with light brown hair looking left out he ordered her to stand in front of him. He then moved his hands from the red-head and dark haired girls' tits to their pussies as he began to eat out the girl with light brown hair.

As he pleasured the three on the couch he felt a shifting in the girls working his cock. Through his mental link he knew now that a black girl had taken the blonde's place, the Asian had begun sucking his balls, and that the blonde was now licking the raven haired girl's cunt. For the nearly an hour this kept up with the girls all rotating, each girl had come twice before he had even come once. 

Lloyd, unable to hold off any longer after receiving non-stop attention from the sexy girls, had them lineup in front of him before releasing a massive load all over their faces, tits, and bodies. When he was finished he collapsed to the couch and looked at the eight women. They were all covered in so much cum he was amazed it had all come from his balls. 

He watched as they began to clean his seed of each other with their tongues and smiled. He then ordered them to clean up and dress for dinner. That night he took the ladies out on the town and when they reached the suite later that night he grinned mischievously.

"Get ready for bed ladies and I'll come fuck you to sleep." The ladies squealed with delight and headed to their beds.

As promised Lloyd went to each and fucked her to sleep. He started with Kylie the hot blonde, then Heather the busty dark haired girl, before fucking Angie the Latina, then Molly the redhead. He rested briefly before he bedded Simone the black girl, Melanie the raven haired girl, and Trisha the Asian before finally reaching Sarah the girl with light brown hair.

She seemed nervous as he approached her. Using his powers he learned she was quiet and had lied to her sisters about her sexual experience. Still she was very pretty with medium sized tits and a tight young body. 

"You haven't been with many men have you Sarah?" Lloyd asked her in a soothing voice as he approached. She shook her head and he felt her nerves increase as he sat next to her. He went to calm her with his mind, but his goddess' voice stopped him. 

"You don't need powers for this Lloyd, you're better than that. Just talk to her, just like with Jackie, you two really aren't that different." He knew she was right.

"It's okay I understand more than you know, not too long ago I was like you, but with women. I had no clue and they made me really nervous." She looked at him in disbelief and he continued, "What if I told you that not so long ago I too was a virgin?"

"I'm not..." She tried to say but faltered under the knowing look he gave her. "Okay so I am. I'm from a small religious town and I lied when I pledged because I wanted to fit in."

There was silence for a moment before Sarah asked, "So how did you get over your nerves?"

"A very special lady took me under her wing and got me over them."

"I suppose I need a special man then...to get me over my nerves I mean." She said rather suggestively.

"Yes, but only if you want to. Don't feel pressured to have sex because the sorority wants you to. Your sisterhood should enhance your college experience and open new doors, but it should not define you in such a way that it makes you someone you're not." 

"But I want to have sex, that's why I came to LA for college and joined a sorority. I love my parents and my home town, but they are just too restrictive, it's my body and I should be able to do what I want with it."

"Then why the nerves?"

"I just don't know where to start. I mean my sisters all talk about nailing fraternity guys and I hear the stories. Don't get me wrong my sisters and most of the guys have been nice but..."

"They don't understand." She nodded, "Well then let me just say that from what I saw earlier you are one hot girl Sarah. You have a nice set of tits, not to big not too small, an amazing tight body, a cute butt, and some amazing legs." He then leaned in and gently kissed her and after he broke the kiss added, "Not to mention very pretty blue eyes."

He saw her blush before he kissed her again. He felt her nerves melt away as they kissed. Soon he felt her hands rubbing and exploring his body as she became more and more aroused. Lloyd began doing some exploring of his own, he quickly found her firm young tits and began kneading them. Sarah jumped a little in surprise at this then moaned in appreciation. 

A few minutes later Lloyd ended the kiss and whispered in her ear, "Take off your nightie sweetie, I want to see that sexy body of yours some more." He pulled back and Sarah smiled before pulling the long shirt over her head to reveal her naked body. 

Immediately Lloyd pushed her to the bed and leaned down to lavish her tits with attention. Sarah moaned in pleasure as he licked and sucked her sensitive nipples. When he had her near orgasm he moved his caressing down her body toward her now molten pussy.

As he had done earlier on the couch he brought her to a screaming climax by licking and playing with her sensitive pussy. He then rose to line up his shaft with he pussy but she stopped him.

"Wait, I think you're too big it won't fit." She said scared.

"Don't worry baby," he said showing her his rigid cock, which was admittedly much smaller than when the ladies had been licking and sucking it earlier. "I'll be gentle."

She smiled and Lloyd knew that the thoughts he had implanted about his cock size before sending the girls to bed had taken hold. In keeping with his word he went slow and with guidance from his new instincts managed to deflower Sarah without causing her too much pain. Soon he had her moaning in ecstasy as he fucked her tight pussy hard. As with the other girls Lloyd fucked her to several orgasms before Sarah fell into a pleasure induced sleep.

He kissed her goodnight before he snuck out of her room. He then went to put on his clothes in the main room but a voice stopped him. 

"Going somewhere stud?" Lloyd looked up to see a sexy older woman sitting in one of the armchairs.

"Yes, I was just leaving actually." He said quickly not sure what the woman wanted.

"Oh no you're not. You don't get to fuck all my girls into sex induced comas for the night and make me all hot then leave without fucking the housemother." She said as she began removing her dress. "Besides I love the girls dearly, but like all young women they are greedy little sluts. They didn't let you cum once did they darling?" The answer was obvious from the rigidness of his cock and his swollen balls. "Thought so," she said removing her bra and panties. "Although how you managed to fuck eight girls to sleep without cumming is beyond me, but play time is over. Time for a real woman to fuck you baby."

Lloyd could only watch as the sexy cougar climbed onto the couch and took his hard prick in her hands. For being older her body was incredible and using his powers he found out quickly that she was a divorced forty something mother of two that relived her youth by mothering a sorority at her alma mater. He also discovered that he was not the first of her girl's conquests that she had seduced. In fact it was one of the main reasons she was housemother.

She was blonde, very tan, with large breasts that far outstripped any of the girls in her care. She was toned from head to toe and carried barely an ounce of extra fat on her. 

"Hmmm, I thought it would be a little bigger," the cougar said a little disappointed as she grabbed his cock. "From the screams the girls were making I thought I had a real monster on my hands. Although I am a little relieved, I thought you were going to tear Sarah apart for a minute there. Thanks for that by the way, I was really having a tough time with her. She should come out of her shell nicely after tonight."

Lloyd nodded and said, "It was my pleasure, as for my size ma'am I think you'll find it more than equal to the task. Most women think I'm too small or too big, but always find me just right in the end."

The sexy woman looked at him oddly then shrugged and lowered herself onto him. As she hit bottom and adjusted he grew his cock until he sensed her fulfillment.

"Better?" he asked, but the response was clear on her satisfied face. She then began riding up and down on his shaft and for a while he let her as she worked her way toward two orgasms.

He then flipped her to the couch and took over continuing to fuck her while he lavished her body with attention. Despite his powers he began to fade after she had another pair of orgasms. He then sat up and pulled her off his cock, turned her around and lowered her back onto his cock. With his back against the couch and her back against his chest the pair of them began to fuck again her moving up and down as he thrust in rhythm with her movements.

She had two more orgasms before it became too much for Lloyd and he felt himself cum into her eager pussy. He came so much it was soon gushing out her pussy. Vaguely he then felt her get off him and kneel before him to spray her tits before swallowing the rest of his load.

"There doesn't that feel better?" she cooed as she laid in his lap and cuddled against him. Her voice was hoarse from screaming in pleasure. "Well stud I have to say that is the best I've ever had. But not good enough too..."

Her speech was interrupted as tiredness began to overwhelm her. To aid her descent into sleep Lloyd caressed her to one last small orgasm that drove her into a slumber. Smiling he lifted the sexy milf and carried her to an open bed that had to be her's. 

Lloyd admired the sexy sight of the woman, her face and tits coated with cum as more ran out of her gaping pussy. Then by some instinct he snuck back into Sarah's room, cuddled up to the young brunette and fell asleep.