 Edited by luvtaread

*

Lloyd awoke the next day to find Sarah on top of him his riding his cock. A few minutes later she came and fell against him, his cock still buried in her pussy.

"Good morning," he said to her.

"Good morning." She said in a very chipper voice.

"Well someone's in a good mood this morning." He aid with a smile.

"Of course I am I got laid last night and it was amazing!"

"Yes, and this morning as well apparently. I wonder what happened to our little shy virgin?"

"She's been replaced by a horny girl eager to make up for lost time." Sarah said with a smile.

"I see. Well just be careful how much you put out, lives and reputations are ruined that way."

"Speaking of reputations," he heard Kylie say from the doorway. "Yours is going to be legendary back in LA." Lloyd looked up and found the other seven girls watching from the door.

"Yeah," Heather added, "after you literally fucked all of us to sleep."

"Not to mention welcomed our sweet Sarah into womanhood," Melanie said with a wink at Sarah.

"Plus, you knocked out Ms. French and that ain't easy," Angie added.

"And the amount of cum on her..." Molly said.

"Anyway, we just came to make sure Sarah didn't get all the fun this morning." Simone said.

"I hope you're ready for another round big boy because we want one more before we head back home." Trisha said.

"All of you?" Lloyd asked and in response they all rushed in and crowded him on the bed. Soon an all out orgy broke out in the room with every girl getting a turn riding his cock. Over a half hour and several of their orgasms later Lloyd had them line them up again and coated them in his cum. He then took a brief rest and went to leave, but then got an idea.

"Ladies come in here please," he said as he entered the room where Victoria French, the housemother, was beginning to stir. The girls rushed in and he stood before the bed his cock standing at full attention. "Oh, Vicki," he called to the dazed woman, "Come and suck my cock you hot little slut."

The girls gasped in surprise and he knew why. No one that they knew of had ever talked to Victoria French that way before. However he was not just anybody, he was a servant of the goddess of love, lust, and it seemed sex. Lloyd also knew this woman considered herself a sex goddess, but she was nothing compared to the real thing. 

Victoria needed to be taken down a peg or two and he was the one to do it. The Goddess echoed her approval in his head as, to the surprise of the eight sorority sisters, Victoria crawled across the bed and immediately began deep-throating his hard shaft like a common whore.

She sucked well but it was not enough to make him cum. After a while he pulled her head from his shaft and said, "Beg for it slut. Beg for me to bury my big cock in your pussy."

To the further surprise of the girls surrounding the bed the older woman began to beg and after several minutes Lloyd relented and roughly shoved his cock in her pussy. Fed by the lust and awe of the eight girls surrounding the bed Lloyd fucked Vicki with inhuman speed and power. 

It was not long before Victoria French, the breaker of so many college studs, was near worshipping his mighty cock. She passed out twice while he fucked her for an hour. Then when he was finished he coated her in his seed before projecting a parting thought into her mind, "You are good Vicki, but not good enough. I serve a real sex goddess and you are nothing compared to her, remember this the next time you have the gall to compare yourself to Her."

With that he dressed and left leaving all nine women in awe.

"Thank you my son." He heard the voice say, "Not only did you take care of Victoria as I wanted, you may have a few converts as well."

"Uh-huh," he replied. 

"Yes, well on to your day," She said changing topics, "Today could be an important day because, besides that sorority, you may be getting some new followers for me. I think it's time you went to Caesar's to see Gina."

"Of course my lady." Lloyd said and set off to see Gina.

When he found her, her eyes widened with surprise, "I was just about to call." She said, "You won't believe it but fifteen couples decided to get married today!"

"That's great!" Lloyd said.

"Trouble is the guy we hired for the ceremony is ill if we don't find someone fast..."

"I can do it." Lloyd said before thinking about it.

"Really? A matchmaker and a Minister, wow."

"Not exactly a minister, but something like that."

"Well as long as the State of Nevada is okay with you you'll work."

"Yes they are." Lloyd said, "Or rather they will be," he thought.

"Great!" she said, "You saved my ass again."

"Well it is such a nice ass it would be a shame to see it go." Lloyd said teasingly.

She blushed, before saying, "Yeah well, you have to let me buy you dinner tonight as a thank you. I owe you big time."

"That'd be great," Lloyd said with a smile.

"Great, well if you excuse me I have a ceremony to plan. Ah, we need you in an hour, try to wear something official looking, preferably in theme with the Venus thing." He nodded and Gina rushed off to finished preparations.

Over the next hour he pitted his powers against the state of Nevada's bureaucracy and was able to obtain a license to perform the marriages. After that he met with his goddess to get any special instructions as to make her the binding force of the marriage. Then garbed in regalia of his goddess he set off to perform the ceremony. 

It went off without a hitch and that day they received many new followers, not only those who married but many of the other attendees who asked him to bless their own relationship. In the end several hundred had joined his goddess' following.

Lloyd could feel his goddess's pleasure at his actions. As his goddess was recharged by her newly increased following, Lloyd too felt his power grow.

That night he and Gina had a celebratory dinner and when it was finished he again slept with her.