 Edited by luvtaread

*

As he left Gina's he set out for his former place of employment. He had left things behind the day he left and he wanted them back. Of course as he had intended to kill himself he hadn't worried about any of the items and since his run-in with the goddess he had been pretty busy.

After collecting the items he wanted he toured the empty building that was set to open in about a week. Normally a former employee would not be able to tour the grounds unescorted, but Lloyd had convinced the guard that it was okay. He was admiring Crystal's suite when he heard a voice behind him.

"You can't be in here, this room is finished any remaining work is..." Crystal said but her voice trailed off as Lloyd turned to face her. Then after taking him in she said, "Lloyd? Look at you; I'm sorry, I didn't recognize you. How are you?"

"Better," Lloyd said.

"Glad to hear it." she said obviously not mentioning her father's actions. "So, what brings you here today?"

"Just grabbing some things, thought I'd look around at how the place looks so close to the opening."

"Yeah it's really nice, daddy loves it. I think this will be his favorite hotel."

"Well I'm glad." Lloyd said a little too quickly.

"I'm sorry, that was cruel of me." Then asked after a pause, "Say, what are you doing today?"

"Nothing why?"

"Because I have things to do this afternoon and I could use the company. So will you come?"

"Sure," Lloyd said with a shrug.

"Great," she said taking his hand and leading him downstairs.

That day they attended several meetings and conferences. All of it seemed so very un-Crystal-like if you didn't know her like Lloyd did. Fact was while she played the ditzy hotel heiress well Crystal was a very intelligent and strong willed woman. Lloyd was pretty sure that if her dad ever retired she could run his hotels just as well as he did.

This and her extremely kind heart was what had drawn Lloyd's attention in the first place. However, over the course of the project it became rather clear she did not like him that way and was a bit out of his league.

As he rode with her that evening though, he had to admit he was confused. She had never before shown the slightest of interest in him, not to mention she was engaged, and yet as he read her thoughts and emotions she was crazy for him now. He attributed this to the powers though. After dinner at a nice restaurant, Crystal took him to a fancy upscale apartment.

"This is your place?" Lloyd asked upon entering.

"Yes, do you like it? I designed it myself."

"I do." Lloyd said, "but I thought you lived in your dad's hotel?" Lloyd asked referring to the smaller hotel Mr. Draper already ran on the other end of the strip.

"God no, I like the place, but it would drive me crazy to be around daddy all the time." She said directing him to the couch before she joined him.

"So that suite wasn't for you then?"

"What suite?" She asked then said, "Oh that suite. That was just a project I convinced daddy to let me work on. Why did you think it was going to be my place to live? No, that was the honeymoon suite hence the love theme and all."

Lloyd nodded and upon reflection realized his mistake, suddenly a few things cleared up for him.

"Speaking of which, I am sorry about what daddy did, that was really unethical of him." Crystal said and Lloyd could see the sincerity of her emotions pouring from her. 

"Well I shouldn't be surprised, after all, what happened to me pales in comparison to what he had done to you all your life."

For a while they just sat there discussing things: her dad, the hotel, and what they each wanted out of life. Somehow when it was over Lloyd found himself staring into her eyes and on a sudden impulse he kissed her. She pulled back immediately and rose.

"Lloyd, I'm sorry I didn't mean to imply, look you're a good guy and I like you, but not that way."

Lloyd's stomach dropped as the words settled in. She didn't want him after all. He felt so stupid. Stammering an excuse he quickly left the apartment. Not long after he sat at a bar nursing a drink and trying to forget his stupidity.

As he sat feeling sorry for himself something the Goddess had said came back to him 'I can even weave a spell of love so powerful no man or woman can resist.' Power was what he needed, power for his goddess, then Crystal would be his, fiancé or no fiancé. 

First though he needed to shake off his disappointment and he knew just how he would do it. Using his power he began to draw all the single female patrons in the bar to him. He sat silently making them lust for him, planting the idea of leaving with him in their minds. 

When he was finished he paid for his drink and left; one by one the various women at the bar followed. Once he got them back to his room he selected the five hottest and bade them to stay. The rest he ordered back to the bar to sleep with the first single man to speak to them.

When the rejected women had left to make several men very happy Lloyd ordered his chosen five to strip naked. Unlike his last group experience, he did not bother to learn their names, nor did he see the point in it. These were things for him to use and be done with by the morning. 

Lloyd then got naked, laid on the bed and ordered his ladies to attend him. The five women then began enthusiastically licking, sucking, kissing and caressing his naked body. When he felt he had had enough, he pulled a tall blonde onto him and impaled her on his hard shaft. Fed by the lust of the five women he coldly fucked the blonde until she passed out. When she collapsed he lifted her off and ordered for a raven haired beauty to take the blonde's place.

As he fucked the raven haired girl a redhead shoved her pussy in his face as the bustiest of the five, a sexy Latina brought his left hand to her large boobs. Not to be outdone the almost equally endowed brunette on his right brought his right hand to her own chest.

Lloyd pleasured the four women until the raven haired girl passed out from orgasms. The other women moved her off his still hard shaft and the Latina eagerly took her place. Lloyd had spent the past few minutes teasing her tits and it did not take long for the Latina to begin orgasming; not long after she too collapsed from pleasure and was replaced by the red-head.

Like the Latina, she had cum many times already, thanks to Lloyd's tongue work on her pussy. It only took a few more orgasms before the brunette was the only one conscious. 

For this last girl he decided he wanted her ass and had her get on all fours. Lloyd lubricated his cock only slightly before shoving it in her ass in one hard stroke. The woman screamed in pain but he could feel that secretly she loved it. He fucked her hard until she too was close he then pulled out and had her lay with the others before he proceeded to coat them all with wave after wave of his cum.

Before drifting off to sleep he pulled the brunette toward him and fingered her to one last orgasm before going to sleep.