 Edited by luvtaread

Lloyd awoke the next morning to find himself alone on the bed. It seemed the shame of what they had done had been too much for the five women and they had fled immediately upon waking. That or he had told them to do so. He honestly could not remember. The effects of the alcohol and power abuse the night before led to a massive hangover. Still he had to admit it was rather fun and he realized there was also potential profits to be made from that if he could harness that kind of energy nightly.

After all he had gotten a bar full of women so horny they would do anything he said. With that kind of ability Lloyd could monopolize the prostitution and exotic dancing industries in this town. That would certainly bring in money by the truckload, and money was something he needed to build his empire, or rather an empire for the Goddess.

However the drain he felt told him that their following would have to be much bigger if he was going to bend the amount of women he would need to his will. He was pondering this when he got a message from Gina about his webpage not working. It seemed he had forgotten his lie to Gina, but it was the perfect solution. Lloyd pulled up the page and found it to be a fairly straight forward dating site, except it didn't have any members and could not match anyone up.

Lloyd quickly figured out that what he needed was a way for the magic he had worked at Caesar's to be available worldwide. It seemed a working site, and probably several LoveMatch.com branches for those less internet savvy love seekers, would be necessary.

In order for this to work though he needed a program capable of making matches like he had. Basically he needed to quantify his mental match process and find a programmer talented enough to create the program. Lloyd smiled at this it seemed things were looking up for him, as he knew just the girl.

Lloyd spent the remainder of the morning trying to figure out the variables needed to make the match program work. Later that afternoon he found Jackie again in that same dark booth he had left her in. Although he had to admit there was a slight change in her appearance. Jackie had a new haircut and was even wearing a little makeup.

"Hi," Lloyd said sliding into the booth.

"Oh, it's you." Jackie said after glancing up. There was a bit of disappointment in her voice.

"Still having Tom troubles?" Lloyd asked not needing to read her thoughts. It amazed him how, after a short time with his powers, he was able to understand women so much better. Jackie nodded to his question and Lloyd added, "Well I like the new look Jackie, it looks good on you."

"Thanks," she said brightening up a bit.

"Well thank you for listening to me the other day, good to know some of it got through."

"Not that it did any good." 

"Yeah well some guys can be a little thick, give him time, if he's worthwhile he'll come around."

"And if not?"

"Then he doesn't deserve you." Lloyd said, and then continued, "Speaking of love, I have a job for you, this one a little more up your alley than dating and such."

"What do you need?"

"I need a program written for a webpage I run, it's a real complex one though, so if you're not up to it don't..."

"What kind of program?" Jackie cut him off clearly intrigued. Lloyd smiled to himself, he just knew she would take the challenge; programming she could do, men not so much, but he could fix that.

Lloyd passed her the paper he had written his notes on and said, "I run a love webpage, the address is at he top of the notes." He said before continuing and he noticed Jackie enter it into her laptop. "It's rather well designed, but it lacks the programming to make it go. On that list are the variables I think are important to making great matches." Jackie looked at the list and was clearly puzzled. "You seem confused," Lloyd said.

"It's just some of these variables I would never have thought of for love matching."

"Well trust me they matter all of them. Which brings me to my other need, as you can see we are asking for very private stuff. Security on this has to be top notch. Use another programmer if you must but make sure that only the user sees the data entered, understood?" Jackie nodded. "So do you think it can be done?"

"Yes, but it could take me a while and I'm not cheap." Money and time two things he did not have at the moment, although time was less an issue as once this was up the number of followers would explode, if it was done right that is. No, it was money that was the prime issue. Until he setup his sex empire he would be short and he needed the page to get the power to get that money. He would figure out something somehow.

"Understood, but let me ask you this, do I get a discount if I offer my personal services to make sure you end up happily ever after with the man of your dreams?"

"What? Using this?" Jackie asked pointing to the note sheet.

"No, by personal, I mean me. Do me a favor and search my page and Caesar's Palace and tell me what you find." Lloyd new his exploits for Gina's event had drawn media attention. Jackie read for a few minutes and looked up at him in awe. He smiled and said, "I take it you approve?"

"Fifteen marriages, twelve engagements, and over a hundred happy couples from a singles event? That's phenomenal, but I still need to pay the rent Lloyd."

"Understood, considering that I'm virtually guaranteeing you your soul mate what do you think is fair?"

They negotiated a price and although it was still a little steep Lloyd agreed. He needed this page and was sure Jackie could make it work. The problem came in the payment schedule; he tried to pay upon completion.

"No way, I don't work that way, I get my expenses covered before hand, and those of any help I get. Not to mention I'll need new equipment."

"Okay I got it, how much do need before you'll start?" She told him and Lloyd reluctantly agreed.

Lloyd then left and spent the remainder of the afternoon figuring out how to get the money. He looked up and asked, "I don't suppose you know a way my Lady?"

"Ask and you shall receive Lloyd," the goddess' voice answered him. Just then his cell phone rang.

"Hello?" He asked unsure who was calling him.

"Hello, I understand you are the man to call about high class female entertainment." A male voice asked on the other end. Lloyd connected the dots in his head.

"Yes, I am what can I do for you?"

"I need some talent for a bachelor party this evening. Several of your best strippers and a high-end escort or two."

"Okay but that kind of talent doesn't come cheap."

"If the talent is up to snuff you can virtually name your price, this is my brother's last day of freedom and I'm sparing no expense."

"Okay when and where do you need them?"

"Eleven o'clock in the Presidential suite of the Bellagio."

"Okay we'll be there." Lloyd said with a smile. If he played this right it would pay Jackie's expenses and then some. Now conventional wisdom would have been to troll high priced established talent and use them, but Lloyd had no need for that.

After combing for talent amongst showgirls, tourists, locals, and a very convenient bikini contest, Lloyd had a prime selection of talent ready for that night's party. It had taken quite a bit of power to do what needed to be done, but several of the places he found the girls at were so advantageous to him, such as the bikini contest. The lust for the contestants radiating from the crowd made sure the girls he chose there stood zero chance.

That night he got his payday and the accolades of the party's host. Something told him this would not be his last event of this type. Lloyd smiled a bit as he watched a busty tourist from Iowa shaking her equally inviting ass in the faces of the hollering party goers. She had never done anything like this in her life and would likely never do it again, but she seemed to enjoy the attention all the same.

He left before the night was out, but as instructed the girls met him in his suite before leaving to go to their own rooms. Between tips and their measly cut of the fee they too had made out well that evening. As a bonus for himself he kept the sexy Iowan to share his bed that night.

Lloyd lavished her tits with attention before giving her three orgasms from licking her pussy. When she recovered the brunette was full of animalistic lust and after practically ripping his shorts and boxers off, she impaled herself on his hard shaft. Lloyd admired the beauty of the woman as she pumped up and down on his cock. Fed by her lust, he fucked her to many orgasms before cumming himself. 

As she lay in his arms peaceful and angelic Lloyd felt sorry for her, remembering why he had chose her in the first place. Sure she had been a knock out but in truth she was traveling from place to place looking for something to give her life meaning. She, like so many others he had encountered in his short time with powers, bore the stings of cruel love. It was people like this girl, Holly, which made Lloyd almost question his goddess' motives. If love was so wondrous, why had so many been scarred by it? If it was so soothing, why so much pain?

Then again who was he to judge? How many like Holly would suffer so he could raise his Goddess and have Crystal? He knew now only getting her true form back would sate the Goddess enough to grant his request. Crystal was worth it though. She would be his, he was sure of that. In the meantime he had to build the empire and people like Holly would be needed; he knew just the place for her.