 Edited by luvtaread

The next day Lloyd gave Jackie her money and helped her buy the equipment necessary. Jackie then went to work and promised the program by the end of the week. Lloyd would have loved it sooner but considering it was side work for Jackie and an immensely complex program a week was the best he could hope for.

In the meantime word of his ability to supply talent spread and soon he had every night booked with several high paying clients. He saved energy by reusing some of the favorites from the first night, especially the local ladies. The way he figured by the weeks end he would have more than enough to get both the page and dating service off the ground, as well as afford a comfortable living space for himself.

That week Lloyd opened a storefront on the strip using the proceeds from his parties. Soon it was ready to be up and running, all he needed was someone to run it and he had just the girl.

Days before he had planted a little suggestion to Holly that she should meet him for lunch and sure enough when he went there he found her waiting. She was a little confused as to why she was there though.

"Holly?" he asked her.

"Yes?" she asked clearly still confused.

"Lloyd Frank, we met at the airport the other day."

Suddenly the brunette eased up, "Oh, yeah I remember, you offered to help me get settled, right?"

"Yes, I did, in fact if you're free I'd like to discuss that right now. Something just opened up I think you'll be perfect for."

"Great." Holly said with a smile. The waitress seated them not long after and once they had received their drinks Lloyd launched into his proposition.

"I'm going to get right to it Holly I want you to come work for me. I have a new endeavor I'm heading up and I think you'll be of great help to me."

"Okay..." Holly said a little skeptically, "It's not anything shady is it?"

"No of course not, I wouldn't to that to a wholesome girl like you," Lloyd felt a twinge of guilt, considering what she had done the night after they met. "Have you ever heard of Lovematch.com?"

"No." Holly said after thinking for a second. "I'm pretty up on the dating sites these days but that's a new one on me."

"I figured we're rather new, but we'll be the next big thing I assure you, I got someone working to make our match program top notch, it should be ready by the end of the week. The thing is I just did some work with Caesar's Palace at their last singles event and the buzz around town is too good to pass up. So, I want to strike while the iron is hot get the name out there. Which is why I opened a location here in Vegas and I want you to run it."

"Me? Why?" Holly asked clearly surprised.

"Well simply put you have certain qualities I think would be helpful in running the shop. Not to mention you are highly organized and from what you told me about your work experience you would make a great supervisor."

"These qualities as you put them would not happen to involve my bra size would they?" The brunette asked skeptically.

"My you are a sharp one," Lloyd said. "While I will not deny it was a factor it is not the primary reason Holly. This town is loaded with T & A my dear you possess certain thing not easily found here in Vegas."

"Such as?" Holly asked.

"To be honest, you're wholesome and kindhearted. You can read peoples deep emotions and you're empathic. To put it plainly you can get people to open up to you and if need be fill in the blanks of what they won't or can't tell you about themselves. Those things are very rare indeed Holly and something I require from the head of one of my LoveMatch office locations. The fact that all of that comes in a bombshells body, well that is just a bonus. After all most of sales are getting the client in the door and having an attractive staff can't hurt."

"Actually it might make some of the women more threatened."

"True but not everyone in the office is a woman, for that reason. Love is an equal opportunity thing and so is the scenery and staff in our offices. Although I think you'll agree that attracting women to this kind of service is less of a problem."

Holly thought for a second and said, "Just out of curiosity are staff prohibited from, um, using the service?" Lloyd smiled.

"Of course not, in fact in our case I think it would help the service to have some of them matched by our program don't you think?" Holly nodded. "Of course for high ranking staff like yourself I will help you find your match myself. Both to prove the service and to train you bit on how to do it yourself, as that will be the occasional duty of the branch manager. Don't worry I won't make you do that until you're ready and the computers will do most of the work; besides only high priced or particularly difficult clients get the attention of the manager." Holly seemed reassured by this.

"So what does it pay?" Holly asked when they had finished discussing other things about the position.

"Comparable to other positions of its type you'll make what most managers of a branch make and you'll get a cut of the fees brought in by your location. However as I said there are other perks to working with me, not least of which is my personal guarantee of a loving marriage with a man of your dreams."

"That's one hell of a perk." Holly said smiling.

"Not to mention I'll help you get settled here with an apartment and such, as I said it's the least I can do."

That was the tipping point for Holly. Right after lunch he took her to the office and introduced her to the rest of the staff. The next day the store had a grand opening to great success. Although the computer would not be working for a few more days they at least had member's profiles to match once it got running.

At the end of the week Lloyd got an excited call from Jackie saying the program was working. Lloyd arranged to meet her at his apartment to exchange the program and final payment.

"Wait till you see it, it's awesome." The exicted programmer said as she strode in with a computer bag over her shoulder. Minutes later she was set up and was giving her demonstration. "I hope you don't mind I added a few variables to the equation I thought would help."

Lloyd did a test run of the program and was amazed at how perfectly it had turned out.

"You did a great job Jackie, and so fast too."

"Well, I had a little help, but don't worry, their fee comes out of my fee. Besides most of them owe me one. So I take it it will meet your needs?"

"Absolutely, thank you Jackie. By the way, these friends wouldn't happen to have need of the service would they?"

"Actually those that do are members already. After helping me with the program they saw your grand opening ad and signed up."

"Good, glad to see word is spreading. Be sure to leave me their names and I'll have Holly take a look at their files personally."

"Wow, that would be great, thanks."

"It's also good business, besides all employees and contributors are entitled to premiere service. Speaking of which, if this goes like I hope it will I may need a full time IT staff to keep the page running. I don't suppose I can lure you and some of those friends away from your day jobs?"

"Maybe, but we'll talk more if that happens."

"Indeed." Lloyd said with a smile. Before he retrieved and opened a bottle of champagne. "To celebrate," Lloyd said as he poured them each a glass. 

That evening they drank and talked together. Lloyd was pleased to see she was more relaxed and definitely getting better at this, although the champagne was certainly helping her cause. As the bottle neared being empty Lloyd began to see the more sexual side of the thin computer whiz show.

As it did Lloyd took a moment to admire her body. In her own way Jackie had a sexiness to her, once she got over her insecurities that is. Jackie would never be a knockout like Holly but still she was beautiful.

She was medium height with short blonde hair that framed her face. She was in pretty good shape for someone that spent a lot of time in front of a computer. Jackie didn't have much in the way of breasts but enough that they were noticeable. Looking further down Lloyd admired the swell of her hips and her ample butt before admiring her legs.

When he had finished his inspection Lloyd's eyes found a very pretty pair of green eyes and he simply stared into them for a bit before he took a risk and leaning in, kissed her soft lips.

Jackie seemed resistant at first but between the champagne and the growing need he had been sensing in her she gave in to her desires and returned his kiss. A part of Lloyd knew this was wrong, but he also knew that deep down Jackie really needed this. Her sexual side had been dormant for too long and if he was to pair her up successfully he would need to reawaken it somehow and this seemed the best way.

He was pleased to feel her lust growing and feeding off it he pulled her further under his spell. Sensing they were both ready for the main event he swept her up and carried her to his bed, as he laid her down he began to gently remove her clothing, he was pleased to feel her tug at his. 

They spent a few minutes ridding each other of there clothing until they were both in their underwear. As Lloyd went to remove Jackie's bra he felt her get nervous and he knew why, she clearly felt they were too small.

"They're beautiful Jackie you have nothing to be ashamed of." Lloyd said to her before kissing her. She relaxed and Lloyd removed the bra to reveal her small but firm tits. Despite their owner's nerves they stuck out proudly from her chest, especially the nipples. Each was so inviting Lloyd could not help but lean down and suck one. Jackie gave a loud moan off delight and Lloyd smiled, Jackie's tits may be small but were they ever sensitive. Lloyd now understood a bit of her frustration now. Her tits were so sensitive, yet because of their size they never got the attention they deserved. 

"Well tonight they will." Lloyd thought to himself as he went to work licking, sucking, and caressing the programmer's firm tits. Soon Jackie was crying out in ecstasy. Not long after, she was riding multiple orgasms as Lloyd continued to lavish her tits with attention.

As she shook he moved up and kissed her softly before asking, "So how was that baby?"

"Awesome, no one has ever made me cum like that, especially from sucking on my tits."

Lloyd felt her sexual hunger as she smiled and praised his efforts. However his roaming hands soon interrupted her ability to speak. He slid his hands into her panties, noting that they were soaked with the juices form her orgasms. As he found her wet slit he slid his fingers in and kissed her again saying, "Well, that's a shame, tits as sensitive and firm as yours deserve ample attention. It was my pleasure to help and I'm glad you liked that baby, but I'm just getting started."

Lloyd then crawled down between her thighs and, pulling off the sodden panties, buried his face in her pussy. Using considerable oral skill and his extending tongue trick it did not take long before Jackie cried out with another pair of orgasms.

When she recovered she could no longer hold back and rising quickly she pounced on him, ridding him of his boxers before she began sucking him off greedily. It was a bit rushed due to her lust but was still an excellent blow job. In fact only his superhuman ability to resist orgasm kept him from cumming in her mouth.

After a bit it seemed she lost interest in sucking him and decided to pleasure him with another part of her body. While still on top of him she turned around and positioned her wet pussy over his hard shaft. She then, in one motion, impaled herself on it.

Soon gravity and Lloyd's penis expansion had her stuffed to her satisfaction. She began pumping up and down on his cock. As she fucked him Lloyd could not help admire this new assertive side of Jackie. It seemed that once provoked she was an animal in bed.

Lloyd let her fuck herself to another orgasm before he turned the tables and took over. He slowed things down a bit, building one last massive orgasm. Several minutes later both he and Jackie came together. 

He collapsed to the bed and cuddled the worn out Jackie closer. Soon he felt her fall asleep in his arms. Before he went to sleep he made a mental note to talk to Jackie tomorrow about the discoveries he had just made about her. After all this definitely needed discussing. His first read of her sexual side had been quite wrong. Not to mention he did not want her to get the wrong idea about his intentions.

As Lloyd drifted into sleep he marveled at how complicated his life had become since talking to the Goddess, and he had a feeling this was only the beginning.