 Author's Note: There's a lot of plot in this chapter, but it's a little light on the sexual activity. I promise to rectify that with chapter 9. Please enjoy. 

*****

"Stephen! Are you up yet, babe?" 

Stephen stirred slightly in his sleep. His eyes blinked open once, twice, and then a third time, finally staying open as the mostly dark lit room absorbed his sight. Grace's face was pressed against his own, her eyes already wide with energy.

"I am now," he answered, briefly, closing his eyes once more.

"Babe, look out the window. The sun is just rising," she said, excitedly, while nudging his side. 

Stephen cracked an eye towards his window, where the blackness of the night was fading away into a dull purple, the first vestiges of light shining through. Grace bounded up out of bed, still wrapped up in a blanket, and pressed her face against the window.

Taking a deep breath, Stephen sat upright, and immediately felt the soreness in several different parts of his body. The workout program that she had him on was showing progress, as he had woken up stiff and aching most days this week since they started on plan. Today, it was his back that was sore, particularly his lower back. He knew that blame went to the dead-lifts she had him do yesterday.

Padding across the carpet in his bare feet, Stephen sidled up next to Grace to look out the window. His window faced the main street, as well as having a good view of the other houses in the neighborhood. What was most impressive was that it received the eastern sun every morning, and without any trees in that direction, he always had a good view of the sunrise. It was just early enough that the bright orb was poking just above the horizon.

Grace pressed against him, letting her head fall against his chest. Stephen relished the feeling of her soft hair brushing against him.

"So romantic," she whispered, still staring out the window. "I've always wanted to watch the sunrise."

"Good thing you woke up for it," Stephen chuckled. "Otherwise, I'd still be sleeping for another hour."

"It's just a good thing you have me then," she teased.

Stephen wrapped his arms around her and they continued to watch for the next half hour, while the sun came fully into view, illuminating the entire neighborhood. In the space of that time, the dull purple of early dawn casually faded away into brilliant orange and then yellow as daylight finally awoke anew.

It wasn't quite yet 7 am when Grace nudged him once more, after having dozed off briefly. 

"Mphm, I'm awake," Stephen grunted.

"Looks like you have a new neighbor," Grace pointed out, pressing her finger against the glass.

Stephen looked in the direction she was pointing. Sure enough, a small moving truck was backing carefully into the driveway at a house in their neighborhood. It was just across the street, two houses down, and close enough to watch.

"About time that house sold," replied Stephen. "It's been on the market forever."

"Just a tiny little house," Grace noted. 

She wasn't wrong. Whereas most of the houses in the neighborhood were far from palaces, this one in particular was built decades ago, for a very small family. It was only one floor, a single story, with no additions, or a garage. In today's world, it would barely be appropriate for one or two people.

Stephen watched as the door to the U-Haul opened, and out popped a single man. From what he could see, he guessed possibly forties for his age. His head was completely bald, but it looked to be by choice, instead of by circumstance. His bronzed skin indicated some type of darker ancestry, and Stephen's first guess would have been Latin, or maybe Mediterranean.

What was most noticeable about the man was the very prominent scowl he wore as he opened up the back of the truck. 

"He doesn't look happy," said Grace, picking up on his facial expression as well.

"Well, moving is never a fun thing to do. Especially by yourself," replied Stephen.

They watched for a few more moments before Grace finally got up, giving herself a long stretch after sitting for so long against the cramped window sill. Stephen quickly followed her lead, getting up and dropping off the wrapped blanket back on his bed. On his way, he stepped over his duffel bag, which was already packed and ready to go for this weekend. He wouldn't need much to attend his cousin's wedding. Apart from his suit, he really just needed a change of clothes and some fresh underwear. 

When he turned his attention back to Grace, she was already fully dressed, rocking a tiny pair of light blue jean shorts, and a white tank top that had Stephen doing a double take already. 

"Your mom is already in the kitchen. Will you let me in shortly?" She smiled.

Stephen just nodded, and right before his eyes, Grace started to disappear until she was completely out of sight. This part of their relationship was just about normal now. Since Grace technically shouldn't be spending the night, they went through elaborate measures to make it appear that she didn't. Even though he hadn't slept a wink without her pressed into his side since they met, it was important to keep up appearances, even if just for his mother. That meant the room was sound proof when she was there. It also meant that Grace made herself unnoticeable if Theresa Willow ever poked her head in. 

Lastly, it meant that in the mornings, Stephen had to officially let Grace into the house, so that they could spend time together. Usually, that meant she disappeared until he got into the kitchen, and then appeared outside for him to let her in. 

It was all quite elaborate, but it served the purpose that they needed, at least for now. Stephen didn't mind having to go through extra measures, but he was already thinking of the day when they could share a bed without worrying about someone walking in on them. Even though they were both technically of age, it still felt a little disrespectful, considering it was his mother's house, and not his. 

Perhaps our own apartment, he thought to himself. When I get that manager job.

He grinned as he got dressed, and after throwing on a pair of cargo shorts and a red button-up shirt, he pulled open his door and walked the short distance to the kitchen. 

Surprisingly, Theresa wasn't huddled over the oven, but rather was looking out the window while carrying her mug of coffee. It seemed they weren't the only ones who noticed the moving truck.

"Morning mom," said Stephen, before turning the coffee maker on.

"Morning sweetie!" Theresa chirped, casting a look back in his direction. "Sleep okay?"

Stephen smiled as he remembered the feel of Grace's body pressed against his in the middle of the night. As well as her hands going after delicate areas in the middle of the night. "Like a baby," he answered, innocently.

"That's good," replied Theresa, before looking back out the window. "Looks like the Sanderson house finally sold. There's a moving truck out front and a man is unloading things. A very cute man," she added.

"Mom, seriously?" replied Stephen, making a face.

"What?" She laughed. "I'm still human, even if I am your mother."

He just rolled his eyes, and brewed a cup of coffee.

"So mister, are you all packed to go to Shelly's wedding?"

Stephen nodded, "Just about. A few things to pack still, like my charger, but I have everything else."

"Good! What about Grace? Do you know if she's ready?"

"I'm sure she is, but you can ask her yourself. She'll be over here soon," replied Stephen.

Theresa looked up at the clock, "So early?"

"It's hard to keep her away," shrugged Stephen, with a little smile.

Theresa laughed. "I don't know why you would want to keep such a lovely girl like her away. She's just delightful." It seemed that her opinion of Grace had changed greatly in the several days since their somewhat rocky introduction. How her opinion changed so fast, Stephen didn't know. He hoped it had nothing to do with Grace's magic though, and more her personality.

Almost as if on cue, the doorbell rang. Stephen quickly made his way to the front door, opening up to see his favorite pair of blue eyes. 

"Good morning," Grace smiled, shyly.

"Morning baby," he answered, before letting her jump into his arms, wrapped each limb around him tightly.

Even though they had just barely separated five minutes prior, it still felt like an eternity without her presence. Stephen could tell by the look in her eyes that she felt the same way. After a moment, Grace slipped back down onto her feet, and they both entered the kitchen, hand in hand.

"Morning Grace!" Theresa chirped, turning to offer the younger woman a smile. 

"Good morning, Theresa," replied Grace, with a sunny smile. She set an overnight bag down on the table, something that Stephen hadn't noticed before, yet his mother certainty did.

"Oh great," replied Theresa, looking at the bag. "I take it you're ready to go?"

"All packed up," nodded Grace. "Yet, a bit nervous to meet the rest of your family."

"Nonsense, there's nothing to worry about," waved away Theresa. "Just be your regular, normal self, and you'll be fine. Plus everyone will be so consumed with the happy couple anyway."

"Do you want to leave soon, mom?" Stephen asked, looking over at his mother's suitcase that was sitting near the door.

"Just about. Why don't you finish your bag, and we'll get moving in the next half hour? Let me go check on the twins and make sure they are ready," she replied, dashing out the kitchen in the direction of their room.

Grace sidled up next to Stephen, her arm wrapped around his back. "I have a surprise for you, in my bag."

"Oh?"

Grace gave a slightly evil grin, "Mhmm. I think you'll enjoy it very much!" She winked as she finished her line.

"Any hints on what it might be?" Stephen asked, his curiosity piqued.

"Just one. It's completely see-through," she replied, coyly.

Stephen swallowed hard, earning a throaty giggle from his genie girlfriend.

A few moments later, Theresa was marching the twins, still half asleep through the kitchen. Each was carrying a duffel bag, no doubt filled with their suits and change of clothes for tomorrow. As usual, both of them noticed Grace right away, their eyes going wide.

"It's so cute. I can tell they are related to you. Their preferences in the opposite sex are so close to yours," Grace said, telepathically.

"I'll resist the urge to rub it in for them," thought Stephen, sarcastically.

"Eh, it's already rough on them. They have to picture their lame old brother with me. It's really not a pleasant thought, for either of them," replied Grace with a slight smile.

"I can live with that," replied Stephen, earning a giggle from Grace, which earned the attention of Stephen's mother.

"Are we all ready then?" She asked, looking back and forth between them.

"Ready as can be," answered Stephen.

The five of them piled their bags into the back of Theresa's caravan, while the twins hopped into the backseat of the vehicle. Closing the trunk, Theresa looked back over at the moving truck behind them.

"Maybe we should go introduce ourselves? Welcome him to the neighborhood?" She offered, seeing the new neighbor struggling with a mattress out of the back of the moving truck.

Stephen raised an eyebrow, while Grace just flashed a smile.

"I'll take that as a yes. Come on," replied Theresa, dragging them both across the street. Stephen shot a look over at Grace, who just shrugged, and both followed the matriarch across the street. 

It was soon clear once they stepped onto the driveway that the man had not expected to see anyone, let alone be greeted. His eyes registered surprise when he saw the three of them, before turning to a scowl, and then finally settling on a neutral, unreadable expression. Perhaps he really didn't want to be disturbed while in the middle of moving his possessions.

"Hi there!" waved Theresa, stepping closer. "Welcome to the neighborhood! We saw your moving truck and thought we'd introduce ourselves."

The man grunted, and then cleared his throat. His gaze drifted across all three of them, before finally settling on Theresa. "Greetings," he said, eventually.

"My name is Theresa Willow. This is my son Stephen, and his girlfriend, Grace," replied Theresa, offering introductions. She offered her hand to shake, but the man just stared at it for several seconds before taking it awkwardly.

"I am called Henry. Henry Lopez," he replied, nodding to the three of them. At least Stephen felt good about guessing his Latin heritage. 

"It's a pleasure, Henry," smiled Theresa. "Welcome to our neighborhood! I think you'll really like it here. We have a really great bunch of neighbors here, and it's pretty quiet. Are you from Kansas originally?"

"No, I'm not from here," he replied, looking down at the ground. 

Stephen shot a sideways glance at Grace. "This guy is kind of weird," he thought.

"Definitely," replied Grace.

Stephen watched silently while his mother tried to engage their new neighbor in conversation. He hadn't decided yet whether this guy just didn't want to talk, or if his social skills were just bad enough that it made continuing a conversation practically impossible. Although, he had to give it to his mother, who was just rolling with the punches and trying to be nice. It was then that he remembered what she had said in the kitchen, when she had called him cute, and a panicked idea formed in his mind.

"Grace, you remember that wish I made about her? You know, the one about her finding someone? He's not the guy, right? Tell me he's not the guy that she finds?" Stephen thought in a panic.

Grace shook her head subtly, "No, he's not. He's a strange individual. I can't get much of a read on him, for some reason."

"Well, if you need anything, just let us know. We're just across the street, in number 310," replied Theresa, after several moments of conversation, which Stephen had mostly drowned out.

"Many thank yous," replied Henry, before turning his attention back to the truck. After an awkward series of goodbyes, the three of them returned back to their own driveway, and piled into the caravan.

"Well, he was certainly.. special," said Stephen, finally, as Theresa started to back out onto the street.

"That was a bit painful, wasn't it?" Theresa agreed.

"A bit painful? He had practically no social skills," replied Stephen, looking back over at the moving truck.

"Maybe he's just shy?" offered Theresa.

"Yeah, but he's like forty. Don't you eventually grow out of being shy?"

Theresa shrugged, "Oh well, maybe he'll be a decent neighbor. You never know."

"Or maybe he makes lampshades out of human skin," Stephen shot back, earning a giggle from Grace. Even Theresa failed to contain a smile to that one.

"Just be nice to him now! That's all I ask. And maybe you can avoid the lampshade treatment," teased Theresa, to the soft sounds of laughter. 

The five of them hit the highway early, driving an easterly direction over to St. Louis, where cousin Shelly's wedding was taking place. From their home in Kansas, they had about a five hour drive in front of them. Theresa and Stephen switched off driving during that time, while the other members of the caravan either slept or passed the time looking out the window.

It was close to lunch time when their little entourage finally rolled into St. Louis, loaded down with a couple of empty McDonald's wrappers and their overnight bags. The wedding venue for the reception was a local Holiday Inn, where an early check in was arranged as being part of the wedding party.

After a short visit to the front desk, the group of five headed to the elevators, while Theresa held two sets of room keys in her hands. 

"Okay, let's see here. Room 505 for me and the boys. Room 507 is for you," she paused, before turning to look at the young couple. "You two."

Stephen's eyes went wide, "For us?"

Theresa shrugged, "I figured you two are old enough to make your own decisions. Is sharing a room alright by you, Grace?"

The size of Grace's smile threatened to take over her whole face.

"I'll take that as a yes," laughed Theresa, while handing over the keys. "Let's take the next half hour to get ready, and then we'll meet up and go to the church for the wedding. Just... behave yourselves, please?" 

"We'll be fine, Mom. Promise," Stephen laughed, nervously, while taking their key. 

Turning to face room 507, Stephen slipped his key card in, and after hearing the subtle unlocking sound, pushed his way into the room with his overnight bag. Grace followed silently in behind him to find a room with two queen sized beds awaiting them. As soon as the door was closed, Grace dropped her bag and rushed to jump on one of the beds.

"Weeee!" She squealed, playfully, before falling onto the bed with a giggle. "Can you believe this??"

Stephen chuckled, "I'm a little surprised she let us have our own room together."

"Do we have time for a quickie before we have to leave?" Grace asked, arching her eyebrows in a sexy manner.

"A really quick quickie," chuckled Stephen.

"Thank God! Come here, handsome," Grace ordered, crooking her finger in his direction.

Just slightly over thirty minutes later, the young couple pushed their way out of the door and into the hallway, wearing well satisfied smiles. 

"I'll never get tired of that," breathed Grace, with a freshly coy smile.

"That's good, because I could never get tired of how you look in that dress," Stephen replied. He had a great point: Grace looked absolutely fantastic in her baby blue, knee length dress, that exposed her bare shoulders and hugged her figure. Her light brown hair was carefully curled, cascading in rings down to just beyond her shoulders. She was also wearing heels, which boosted her up another two inches, yet still falling just short of Stephen's shoulders. She looked exquisite.

Grace looked down at her dress and smiled, "You like it?"

"I love it. I have to remind myself to breathe when I look at you in it," replied Stephen, honestly.

"I can't wait to see the look in your eyes when you peel it off of me tonight," answered Grace, as she started to walk down the hall. Stephen gulped, and hurried to follow her. 

After a quick knock of room 505, Stephen's mother and brothers joined them. 

"Okay, let's see here, we need to find room 416," said Theresa, as she shut the door behind them.

"Why's that, Mom?" 

"That's your grandparents room. Aunt Linda drove them out today since we didn't have enough room to use one car, and they are staying together," replied Theresa. "I thought we'd go see them before we go over to the church."

Stephen gulped slightly at hearing Aunt Linda's name, and his hand gripped Grace's a little tighter than before. Of course, he knew she would be here, considering that it was a family wedding. It just worked on his nerves at having to face her so soon in the day. Thoughts of the night of Danny's death filled his mind. Grace seemed to pick up on his extra tension and soon he felt the weight of her words on his mind.

"Baby, relax. Everything will be okay, I promise," she thought, while casting sympathetic eyes in his direction.

Stephen nodded subtly, and followed the rest of his family on the journey to room 416. Upon knocking on the door, a smiling face greeted them instantly.

"Don't tell me all of you are housekeeping?" Grandpa laughed, before looking at every one of us. "You sure do wear some fancy uniforms just to change our sheets!"

"Very funny, Dad," replied Theresa, rolling her eyes while the twins snickered.

"Oh, Chris and Chase, you both are looking sharp," replied Grandma, appearing behind her husband and taking her chance to play the ogling matriarch.
