 Edited by luvtaread

The next few months were a whirlwind of activity for Lloyd. Jackie's program was magnificent and soon their network of singles stretched worldwide. The results were quick too and within two months time LoveMatch.com had a spectacular reputation and many satisfied members.

Of course as all this occurred Lloyd saw a dramatic rise in his powers and knew it would not take long before his Goddess had physical form again. The added powers also made it possible to expand his exotic entertainment empire a bit. Thanks to the boost in the website's popularity he was able to add more talent and clubs to the mix, which in turn generated more money, allowing him to expand the website and office locations. This continual reinvestment process went on until he had all but taken over the exotic entertainment industry in Las Vegas.

As expected this move drew some attention from some less than savory people. Which is why a month or so back he was visited by Jimmy Farelli, the head of a local prominent crime family.

After sitting down and exchanging pleasantries Jimmy got into the business at hand.

"We both know why I'm here Mr. Frank and it ain't for no dating service. Although I gotta say not bad though, my wife's cousin, we thought she'd never meet a guy and boom one week on your site and she's damn near engaged. That's one of the reason's I'm meeting with you, to give you a chance to explain yourself, after all I'd hate to deprive the world of something that makes people so happy, but you've crossed a line buddy. You've done it classy like and haven't stolen girls but this has got to stop. You are seriously cutting into our profits now." Lloyd had expected this as his success and his people's cutthroat tactics were bound to make the losses incurred by people such as the Farellis unacceptable. Lloyd already had a solution to this in mind.

"What if we entered into a partnership Jimmy?" Lloyd said calmly.

"A partnership? How?"

"Simple, I'll be honest, the business of lust, as I like to call it, is important to me and it's a sizable income source, but it's not one I like running. That said I was able to acquire people to manage it for me, but I dare say there would be something beneficial in merging my operation with yours. I get experience and security from you and you get top quality talent from me. Not to mention I'm looking to expand my assets to more fiscally based opportunities."

"Uh-huh and what do we get out of the deal?"

"Job security, as well as compensation for being my security force, but most of all Jimmy, power. As I said I'm looking to expand and expand big, imagine being the family attached to my coattails when I do. You keep the other families off my back and well, you get the picture." Jimmy smiled at this. "One more thing though: be nice to the talent unless I say otherwise, that goes for your guys too. Not that that'll be a problem, most of my girls are pretty open to most things. The only ones that are truly off limits for approach are The Untouchables and I'll let you know who they are."

"Untouchables, what's with that?" Jimmy asked puzzled. 

"The Untouchables are my special girls okay, and we'll leave it at that. If they come on to one of your guys the guy is free to pursue, if not you are to stay away, same for customers. I won't tell you what the penalty for breaking that rule is, but believe me no one wants to pay it. The same goes if you break our deal Jimmy. Believe me I can make your life hell in ways you cannot possibly imagine."

Jimmy nodded and after hammering out a deal he shook hands with Lloyd and left. Lloyd thought's turned to his prized Untouchables. They were special all right, they were also the backbone of his company. Twelve extremely beautiful ladies that by day were corporate officers and by night some of the top talent in his lust empire. Taking an idea from Jackie's hidden sex tigress, Lloyd had searched the country for women who were top notch in business and gorgeous, but more importantly sexually repressed. These career minded women had little interest in a family and were often to busy to 'let their hair down' as the saying went. So Lloyd, using considerable power, was able to create each a separate nighttime persona that worked for his lust empire at night.

The effect was amazing, as not only did he get twelve amazingly hot women for the night shift, but due to the fact that their sexual side got its stroking nightly the women were able to perform even better at their day jobs. His reasoning for not wanting them touched was obvious, he really could not afford to lose one and retraining would take a long time. It was easier just to draw a boundary and make an example out of the first idiot to cross the line.

After his meeting with Jimmy his empire grew steadily with no opposition, thanks to his new friends. As he had said the partnership worked out for both. Especially when he enlisted another partner for the next phase of his plan. Lloyd sat at his desk nervously awaiting her when the phone rang.

When he answered it his secretary's voice said, "A Crystal Draper to see you sir." 

"Thank you Jamie, send her in." He replied before hanging up the phone. Seconds later Crystal entered the room 

"Crystal , good to see you." Lloyd said.

"And it's good to see you as well Lloyd, I'm glad to see that you've done well for yourself." They talked for a bit before Crystal asked, "Lloyd I must be honest, I was rather puzzled when you called it's been a while since... well you know."

Lloyd did, he hadn't spoke to her since the incident in her apartment. 

"Yes well I rather made a fool of myself." Lloyd said thinking of how he had left abruptly after she had rejected him in her apartment

"Yes it was rather awkward, I really hope we can stay friends."

"Yeah, friends, right," Lloyd thought thinking of the spell before answering, "Of course that would be great Crystal." She smiled then seemingly remembering something mumbled under her breath, "What did you just say?" Lloyd asked, although he tried not to do it to friends he could not help note that her thoughts had turned to Jill all the sudden.

"Nothing," she said then seemingly changing her mind suddenly asked, "Lloyd can I ask you something?" He nodded "Why haven't you been returning Jill's calls? I mean I get why you'd be ducking me, but why Jill? I thought you two were good friends, at least it seemed that way at work." 

"Jill," he thought, to be honest he had hardly thought about his so called 'only friend in Vegas' since getting his powers. Oddly enough though now that she was in his head he could not stop thinking about her. Her laugh, her smile, and the way she had been there for him after Crystal had gotten engaged, all suddenly rushed through his head and he lost himself for a minute.

"Hello? Earth to Lloyd." Crystal said snapping her fingers in front of his face.

"Sorry," he said pulling out of his thoughts of Jill, "As for Jill I've just been a little busy, and you're right we are, or were, good friends. I'll make a note to call her, thanks for reminding me Crystal." She smiled and in his attempt to not read her thoughts Lloyd got to business, "Now I think we should get to why you are here. I have a proposal for you that will be most beneficial for your family."

Lloyd then outlined his plan to partner with her family as owners of the Draper hotels. Proposing that her dad retire and hand over running things to Crystal. This was beneficial in two ways, first it gave Crystal a chance to run the hotels like she always wanted plus it allowed for her dad to leave Vegas, which was putting strain on Crystal's parent's marriage. Mr. Draper really and truly loved his wife, but the amount of hot young scantly clad women in Vegas was getting tempting for him and although he had not cheated yet it was a growing concern for Mrs. Draper.

"So you see it's a win-win for everyone. I get into the hotels, you get to do something you were born to do, and your parents can enjoy a few more decades of marriage. Besides, as you can see I'm on the rise Crystal and despite our differences I'm giving your family a chance to buy in early. I intend to expand and the next owner won't get this nice of a deal."

"Well you'll have to talk to dad, but as you say it would be nice to get him out of Vegas, it would really give mom piece of mind. Besides they've always wanted to travel. Not to mention I can't deny that the opportunity to take over isn't a dream come true for me."

"So are you in?' Lloyd asked.

"Absolutely. It's ironic though, if this goes through you'll own a piece of the hotel you designed."

"I know and that was a factor in my decision to go to you guys first, but really this is the best deal for everybody."

Mr. Draper apparently agreed, after a little convincing of course, and soon Lloyd's company added the two strip hotels to their assets. As Lloyd said he figured it would be the first of many as both his quest for more love, lust, and money were going extremely well.

Shortly after he made the deal with the Drapers, another interesting opportunity presented itself in the form of a celebrity client willing to be their spokeswoman if they could get results for her. It was only fitting that her name was, well, Love.

"So, Miss Hewitt," Lloyd began.

"Please call me Love." Lloyd smiled at the irony and he could bet the Marketing department was salivating over this possible endorsement.

"Very well Love, I understand you would like to use our service in exchange for some publicity for us."

"Yes, it's well documented I want to get married, I wrote a book about it after all, but I haven't had much luck and I was hoping that you guys could help out."

"Well I think so, but we really don't have too many famous clients Love. So if you're looking for a famous match we can't help."

"Mr. Frank..."

"Lloyd," Lloyd corrected her, she smiled.

"Lloyd Frank?" she giggled "Your middle name isn't Wright is it?"

"No, thank god," Lloyd said chuckling, "Or my last job would have really been enjoyable." He said sarcastically. She looked confused and he said, "I was an architect." She laughed.

"I could see that being an issue, I'll bet it helped a bit."

"Nope, if I had been 'Frank Wright' or even 'Frank Lloyd' it might have but no such luck, Lloyd Frank was only good for drawing corny jokes."

"So why did you switch?" she asked seeming to genuinely want to know. Lloyd was surprised at how warm and friendly the starlet was, the rumors about her were true. Unfortunately for him so were the rumors about her love life, for someone named Love she had been run through the grinder by the emotion. He would fix that though.

"Besides to escape the jokes?" He joked and she giggled and nodded. He continued in a serious tone, "I find this more fulfilling, to give people one of the single greatest gifts they can ever receive and be paid for it? There's nothing better." Love smiled and sighed.

"That's what I want, that and an awesome wedding, but I need the most important piece first Lloyd, I need the man of my dreams. As for your other question if I wanted a famous guy, I'd ask my agent, I'm done with that, I want love."

"Then love you shall have my dear. We just need to setup a time to make you a profile, I also may have to tweak the procedure a bit. The computer does not factor in that you are a celebrity, but we do and that requires caution. After all we want the lucky guy you end up with to be with you for the right reasons. You have my personal guarantee that I'll monitor the whole process to make sure you get your dream man." 

"While I appreciate that does every girl get the same treatment?"

"No, but you misunderstand Love, I will only be paying close attention for your protection. Most women do not need to worry about the fact that men want them for the fame and fortune. We take all our clients cases serious on a case by case basis. Your type of case is new for us so we have to tweak the process and I like to do that personally if at all possible."

"I see, well thank you, and it's good to know that your methods are sound, after all if I endorse something I like to know it's a quality operation. As for my profile I have some time today if that works?"

"Yes, I think so, let's get started then."

Over the next hour or so they worked on the profile and in the process Lloyd learned quite a bit about the sexy actress. When it was about over he got an idea.

"And one last question we ask everyone just to make sure. Are you currently married, engaged, or in any type of romantic involvement?"

"No," she said.

"Good, one more thing, are you busy this evening?" Love looked puzzled, "That one is for me."

"Oh, in that case no." She said giggling. "What did you have in mind?"

"I figured we could get some dinner and go from there." She thought about it.

"Okay, sure, I'd like that actually," She wrote down where she was staying and said, "Pick me up around 8?" 

That evening they had dinner and afterwards found their way to his suite at the hotel, the same one they had dined at and coincidentally she was staying at. Once in the room Lloyd was surprised to find she was quite ready to have some fun, he half expected to need to use his powers to convince her but from what he could tell she was primed already. 

They began making out and not long after both were naked. Lloyd took a minute to take in the starlet's amazing body. She was all he had imagined and more, especially those tits of hers. As Lloyd admired her body he thought back to that time a few years ago when she had been called fat, and while it was true she had lost some of her beauty as she aged she was still spectacular and far from fat in his mind.

Lloyd broke out of his admiration and tackled the horny brunette, his attention going first to her mouth then immediately to those amazing tits. As he attacked them he found that, like Jackie, Love had very sensitive tits. So he played with them until Love came for him several times. He then let her thoughta guide him as he made love to her. 

He kissed and caressed her body before fingering and licking her tight crevice. When he at last thought she could take little more he entered her and for a better part of an hour fucked the actress to several orgasms. When he at last came he exploded all over her tits before she engulfed his spasming shaft and swallowed the rest.

"Thank you." 

"You're welcome, and sorry if I went a little overboard. I have to admit I've always had a little crush on you, not that I'm alone, most teenage guys from the 90s did."

She flashed her famous smile and said, "Well always glad to help out a fan." Then after a breath she added, "Especially one as talented as you. I haven't been fucked like that in a long time." She then kissed him goodnight and was soon fast asleep. 

Lloyd had the slumbering actress in his arms and thought about what she had said about herself and the things he had read from her thoughts and emotions. Here again was another love scarred person, this was becoming a habit. 

Then again it was the love scarred that needed his help, but did the hurt need to be so severe? The other thing that bothered him was what Crystal had said about Jill. Him not calling her was rude, but understandable as it was a busy time, but for Jill to seemingly be so determined to get a hold of him and for him to have no record of it bugged him. Could it be interference from the Goddess and why? What threat could meeting Jill be to her? Then he remembered the feeling he had felt when Jill had been mentioned. Lloyd smiled and made a note to call her tomorrow. He had to get to the bottom of this.