 Edited by luvtaread

*

The next day Lloyd arranged to meet Jill for lunch. As one might expect she seemed to have mixed emotions on the phone and Lloyd hoped he could sort out the trouble between them. However it would be difficult, he had completely forgotten to call her and seemingly had ignored her calls for several months, that would be hard to forgive. Still Jill was an understanding person and he hoped she would be able to look past his rude behavior.

When she entered the restaurant he nervously awaited her greeting and he was right too, she slapped him hard across the face.

"That's for ignoring me you self absorbed jerk." She said in a hard tone of voice. Then he heard her switch tone as she said, "But it is good to see you again." Her voice suddenly full of that sincere caring tone it usually had when she spoke to him. Lloyd had rarely heard the other tone and hoped he would never do anything stupid enough to hear it again. Still there was something about seeing her angry over his lack of communication that he found oddly comforting.

Before he could respond, they were led to their table, but as soon as they sat down Lloyd gave his response. "Nice to see you too Jill, and sorry about not calling, I was rather busy."

"So I heard from Crystal, by the way she was right you do look different what did you do to yourself, but why didn't I hear about it from you? I thought we were better friends than that."

"We are!" Lloyd said defensively. "It's just I..."

"Forget it," She said cutting him off, "We're talking now so tell me about what you've been up to." Jill said.

"But you just said Crystal..."

"Told me some stuff," Jill said cutting him off again, "But I'd rather hear it from you if that's okay? Or does Crystal do all of your talking these days?"

"Of course not."

"Glad to hear it, I rather like your voice, now get talking buddy you're in a deep hole and you can start getting out of it by telling me what you've been doing besides calling your good friend Jill back."

As she said that on odd thought occurred to him, yes he was in a deep hole, but why did he suddenly feel the need to get out of it? Why had he called Jill in the first place? He could literally have any woman he wanted and yet here we was trying to prove to Jill that he was not a bone head and more amazingly she seemed very willing to forgive him, despite his gross-mistreatment of her. As he launched into his story he realized for perhaps the first time that their bond was deeper than friendship, he had just been too thick to see it before. Either that or too blinded by the glamour of Crystal or the draw of the massive amount of sexual temptation that was Las Vegas. 

He knew the draw of that better than anyone, it was his cash cow after all, but now he was master of it, above it all, and now he saw what he truly hungered for and it was right in front of him, love. If only he could convince the woman in front of him of that he felt he would need no other thing in the world. 

When he had finished laying his case before her she seemed satisfied that he had been busy, what's more she seemed happy for him.

"That's great Lloyd, I'm glad you got on your feet and are doing so well, I get you were busy but why didn't you call me back?"

Lloyd attempted to explain how the messages never got through, but she seemed not to buy it.

"Lloyd you had me convinced but this is lame, even for you, a computer glitch, is that the best you can do?" She then looked at him expectantly.

"Look Jill I swear to you the messages just did not get through. I know it sounds crazy I don't believe it myself but something kept your calls from reaching me, the first I heard about them was when I talked to Crystal the other day. I will swear on anything that they didn't get through to me." He looked deep into her eyes hoping she would see the sincerity of his message. After a bit she seemed to figure he was not lying and begrudgingly accepted his explanation.

Seeing this he jumped on the dead air with an attempt to distract her, "So enough about me, how have you been?" She seemed suspicious of the blatant distraction but decided to answer.

"Well after what Mr. Draper did to you I almost quit."

"I appreciate that Jill, but we don't need two lives ruined by his greed."

"Yes well, that, and I wanted to make sure the finished product was as close to your vision as possible." She said quietly and Lloyd again found himself in awe staring at her. She had really cared about him, how could he have missed this? What's more how could he have spent so much time on Crystal when a clearly much better option was right in front of him? It was then that he took another look at his lunch companion.

He had always found her attractive, after all you didn't get her job without being semi-attractive, but just not in that way before. In part it was because he had rarely seen her away from work and he had to say her casual look actually made her look sexier. She had light brown hair that she usually kept tied in a bun, but today hung loose to below her shoulders. Her beautiful hazel eyes were far more noticeable now that they were not hidden behind the reading glasses she wore at work. 

Seeing her in a simple shorts and a tank top combination also gave him a better appreciation for her body that her stuffy dress clothes had never shown. The shorts revealed nothing new as Jill's skirts were generally rather short, likely more by request from her boss than of her own choice. In truth Lloyd had always admired Jill's legs and butt, which due to the fact that she was on her feet most of the day running errands for Mr. Draper, were quite exquisite and toned. 

Jill didn't really have much in the way of boobs, in fact hers were only slightly bigger than Jackie's, but Jill seemed proud of her chest nonetheless. It was part of her personality that Lloyd had always admired. She may not have been the most attractive of Mr. Draper's many assistants, but she exuded confidence and was proud of her various assets as they were.

As Lloyd admired Jill from across the table, he could not believe just how much a casual look made her so much more attractive to him than her business attire had. Not to mention he could not get over how a few simple statements of hers had made him realize just how much he had missed. He had offed himself thinking no one had cared and yet Jill had just proven him wrong. 

Lloyd's thoughts turned back to her speech in time to hear her say that she had stopped working for Mr. Draper as soon as the hotel opened, which was just before the deal Lloyd had made.

"Well Jill as you may have heard Mr. Draper's not in charge anymore, Crystal is, she and I own the hotel now and she manages it. I'm sure if you want to come back we'd both be glad to have you." He saw a hurt expression on her face and realized his mistake and said, "Of course that has no bearing on our relationship whatsoever. If you so choose to come back to the hotel it does not change the fact that I want to see a lot of you in the near future. I just figured that while we were on the subject I would extend the offer is all."

She smiled, "Well it would be nice to come back, but tell Crystal I want a raise and a promotion."

"Done. I also think our relationship is in need of a promotion Jill." He reached out and held her hand, "It seems the past few months have made me realize just how much you mean to me, I think it's time we were more than friends." 

Jill smiled, "Really? You mean that?"

"Of course, that is if you'll have a bonehead like me for a boyfriend?"

"Well, I guess so," Jill said after a fake sigh, but she was clearly ecstatic.

They finished their meal then parted ways. Lloyd made two calls back at the office, one to Crystal about Jill's request for employment, which Crystal gladly accepted, happy to bring Jill back into the company, the second to Jill to arrange their next date. 

Then it was back to business, he was still hard at work tweaking the program for Love's needs while attempting to find a guy for Jackie. Fortunately he was able to find matches for most of his employees including Holly and Gina, the latter who had been recruited when he and Crystal took over the hotels. 

He would have found a match for Jackie sooner but she had been so hung up on Tom from her old company that Lloyd had been forced to give the guy time to respond to Jackie's charms, when it was clear Tom was not interested Jackie finally let Lloyd help her find other more interested guys. Since his personal help relied more on his gut feeling than the computer it may take longer, but he knew Jackie would get a better quality match than others.

However Lloyd's day was disturbed by an unexpected call from Jimmy about a problem at the casinos.

When Lloyd arrived Jimmy took him to security and showed him footage of several men doing rather stupid stuff after talking to beautiful women at the bar.

"These broads ain't doing nothing so I can't really toss them but the poor schmucks, they all say the same thing 'she put me up to it.' Poor guys, these chicks got'em doing their dirty work. The women are getting the money of of this I'm sure of that but I just don't know how. The other thing is that the amount of thefts reported has skyrocketed since these women appeared and that can't be a coincidence, but again I got no proof to call the law. Trust me though Lloyd these women are up to something I know thieves and con-women and these women are both. Thing is ordinarily is this situation we would take 'em to the back and rough 'em up but I don't like to do that to girls." 

Lloyd saw his point the women were the common element in a lot of the activity and that could not be a coincidence. As he said though the women were technically doing nothing wrong and were never seen collecting any money. Looking at the notes Jimmy had given him it was clear that casinos up and down the strip had been losing money since the women had arrived. 

What's more theft among guests, mainly those the women seduced, had skyrocket also. It could be reasoned that not only were the men cheating for these women, but the women were robbing them while taking advantage of their victims. 

"So you called me?" Lloyd finally asked a little puzzled.

"Yeah well I ain't stupid Lloyd, I know you've got some kinda way with women, especially those Untouchables of yours. It's one of the reasons my boys haven't broken those rules of yours. You've done something to some of those girls and I made it clear to my boys you don't fuck around."

"I only do what the desires of the girls ask me to do," Lloyd said quietly, "But you and your men sticking to the rules is appreciated, I'd hate to make an example of one of them. That said how much have these women cost us?" 

"A lot, and not just in money, the hotel rep is dropping thanks to them. Then again they've cleaned out half the strip."

"Have they? I believe I can use that once I get these women out of our hair. Do something for me Jimmy, get me their leader, do what you have to, just do it quietly but get me the queen bitch."

"And after that?"

"I'll take it from there." Lloyd said walking away.

Jimmy gave him a smirk and said, "Will do Lloyd, will do."

As promised a few days later the leader of the crime ring sat tied and blindfolded in the middle of a room in the hotel basement. Ordinarily this is where Jimmy and his crew might discourage a cheater from coming back, but tonight it would be another kind of encouragement that took place.

"So Camilla, that is your name is it not? Camilla Jane Flager?"

"Yes, but I'm not telling you any more." Lloyd smiled he had all he needed from her thoughts and emotions. Camilla was a little freaked out but her memories betrayed her.

"Oh no you're probably not, but you don't need to. I know how much you hate the dark since your brothers locked you in that closet and how slightly turned on you are because of how your high school boyfriend made you feel that time he tied you up. Tsk tsk Cammie you little slut you. Such dirty things you let him do to you, and the things he did to you anyway."

Shame and fear flooded his captive at how he knew her innermost secrets. More importantly he felt her lust rise as she writhed against her bonds. To add to this he made her subconsciously get hornier the more the rope rubbed against her wrists. He smiled noting that the stubborn woman was already so distracted that she hardly noticed that he had used a nickname for her.

"So slut, is that why you have to be in charge of your group of merry ladies, and why you make men your victims? Because little Scotty went too far? While I agree Scotty was out of line, in his defense you were begging like a little slut, just like you will be in a few minutes. Because mark my words Cammie, I will be repaid for the damages you and your girls have caused me and I will be repaid well. Well, me and those poor schmucks you conned, I think they should get something too, don't you think?"

That woke Camilla out of her trance and still quite horny, but able to fight back, she spat at him before she cursed at him and continued struggling against her bonds to get at him. Lloyd only smiled as her anger had numbed all reason or she might have stopped struggling before she came.

"You Bastard I won't...tell you anyth... OH FUCCCCK YEEEESSS!" her tirade trailed off into cries of pleasure as the massive orgasm washed over her. This of course made her struggle even more against her bindings rubbing them more against her wrists which were now seemingly directly wired to her clit, soon she was writhing in another orgasm. 

Mercifully Lloyd held her still long enough for her to be able to think, but by now her pleasure centers were far too aroused for rational thought and lust overwhelmed her. Lloyd felt the power rush through him as he drank in her lust. This combined with her pleasure deluded mind made it easy for him to reshape her personality for the time being. He would decide on a more permanent role for her once she had repaid her debts.

"Now Cammie I'm going to untie you, will you be still like a good little slut?"

"Yes Master." The former master thief answered.

"Very good Cammie," he said after untying the now docile woman. "Now Cammie I need you to do something. I want to invite you and your sorority sisters to a party but I don't know their names, if you could write them down I would appreciate it, that way they can have as much fun as you will be soon."

"Okay, but what fun will I be having Master?"

"Dancing my little slut, you like to dance, don't you?"

Her eyes lit up in a way Lloyd was sure Camilla would have despised, "Oh I lovvve to dance, especially when I get to take my clothes off and show off these." Then without hesitation she whipped off her shirt and bra to reveal her large tits.

"Very nice Cammie," Lloyd said smiling, thinking, "My god if proper stuck up Camilla could see herself now." Unlike the others he had done this to, Camilla had no desire to be anyone's plaything or slut, but she had pissed off the wrong people and now she had to pay for it. Besides she had preyed on the innocent and he could think of no better way to repay society than for her to be their bitch for awhile. Lloyd would decide her fate when her time was up. He smiled again to himself and said, "Cammie, why don't you take off the rest? We'll get you new clothes to dance in tonight, besides you seemed to have soaked the clothes you're in." 

It was true, Cammie's many orgasms had left her shorts and panties absolutely soaked. She gladly shed them and tossed them aside letting Lloyd get an eyeful of her now exposed pussy and ass before sitting back down stark naked.

"Thank you slut, now I need those sisters of yours so I can invite them to a special party." He then handed her a pad of paper for her to write down her 'sorority sisters'. When he had reprogrammed her into a super slut he had made sure she remembered her gang's names and how to contact them. Many of course he and Jimmy already knew from trying to find Camilla, but the rest he would need Cammie to give them. He had of course made her think that the other women were from a sorority, not a criminal gang in order to better achieve results. Within minutes Cammie had given he and Jimmy all they need to break the entire ring of thieves. He smiled and thanked her.

"But master can't we have fun before I dance? Sitting here naked has gotten me all horny." Lloyd was certainly tempted by the offer but his growing relationship with Jill made him stop. They had been on several more dates in the time it took to find Camilla and things were getting pretty serious. The last thing he wanted was to hurt Jill.

He then got an idea, there was one guy who Camilla had been really cruel to, she had nearly cleaned him out and ruined his life. It seemed only fair that her repayment started with him. Lloyd got her a robe and took her up to the man's suite, which Lloyd had comped after hearing what Camilla had done to him, and left Cammie in the grinning man's care. He only told the glee filled man that he was not to be too rough with her. Lloyd then called Jimmy and arranged the party for the next night.

That night, surrounded by her former underlings, Jimmy's men, and several of her victims, Cammie Flage Lloyd's newest stripper came out and did a great routine, starting off in a sexy combat uniform and ending not wearing much more than a smile. Lloyd then used the lust generated in the room as the men ogled Cammie's body and Cammie's lust for the men, to turn her underlings into sluts just like Cammie. 

Soon the club was filled with cries of pleasure as an all out orgy broke out between the newly minted sluts and the various men in the place. Lloyd smiled and absorbed the energy before cutting out. He would have loved to have joined in but he stayed only long enough to replenish that which taming the sluts had taken from him, well that and perhaps a little extra for himself, after all he did have a date with Jill tonight and it was certain to be a memorable one for them to say the least.