 Edited by luvtaread

*

With Cammie's reign of terror over Lloyd was free to acquire some assets. Thanks to her crime spree many of the strip hotels were in trouble and Lloyd was able to acquire them rather cheaply, although not all the means he used were exactly legal, but regardless he doubled his assets over the next week. 

He used his new assets to deploy members of Cammie's gang to help repay their debts to the hotels and society. They became like his Untouchables, only you could call them the Fuckables. By day they worked menial jobs at the hotel often taking abuse all day, before they went to be the lowliest of the whores and strippers in his lust empire. The sad thing Lloyd found about it was that a few of them actually enjoyed it on some level. 

Another benefit of adding the hotels, beside the power, was that it gave him more funds to expand the LoveMatch.com Empire. He realized soon he would be able to give the Goddess her physical form and then the spell would be possible.

"The Spell," he thought to himself, but did he need it? His feelings for Jill grew stronger everyday, when the time came would he even want Crystal anymore? The truth was, he had gotten to know Trevor and actually found him to be an all right guy. Not to mention he could not ignore the chemistry between Crystal and her fiancé. It would be wrong to end something so great for such selfish reasons, but would the Goddess accept that? Lloyd was not so sure anymore. She seemed less merciful and good then vengeful and cruel. Logic would say she would support him and Jill and the preservation of Crystal and Trevor, but Lloyd had a bad feeling the Goddess liked to create pain. He only hoped he was wrong. 

A few weeks passed before he would have to think on it any further; in the meantime he had received happy news. First off Jackie had found her man at last, Lloyd had had no doubts, but it was good to see one of the few 'hold-outs' find her dream man. Even better yet was the news of the engagement of a certain Hollywood starlet. 

True to her word Love immediately began appearing in ads for the website and as if it needed it business skyrocketed further. He even got a few more high profile clients thanks to her endorsement.

Of course the expanded business began to create an issue. They began to attract those not really looking for love per se, but more physical relationships. Lloyd had a fix for this too though, with the help of his IT staff he was able to design a way to filter out those looking for sex and those looking for love. However unlike other sites that might have barred the sex seekers Lloyd created a separate match service for them. One client of which sat in his office rather upset at being barred from the main site.

"Mr. Hayes, let me explain, the reason you were barred has nothing to do with you, only your desires. The main section of LoveMatch.com is for people looking for long term committed relationship, which according to your own admission, you have no interest in, that id correct is it not?"

"Of course, I don't want to be married or have kids, but I hear about all these fine women on this site so I figure why not give it a look? Then you say you can't let me on, I thought you guys let everybody on it's in your ad. That Ghost Whisperer chick said so."

"Yes we do let anyone join, but I believe you asked why you could not join the section of the site that Ms. Hewitt used and the reason is simple, Ms. Hewitt was searching for a committed relationship, you Mr. Hayes are not. We do have a service that I think will suit you better is what I was trying to say."

"Oh? Like what?"

"Let's just say that contrary to belief not every woman out there wants marriage and kids. Many of them, like you, are happy to play the field for a while before settling down, for example." Lloyd said before making three pictures and their accompanying profiles appear on the screen in front of Mr. Hayes. "These three women belong to the same section of the site you do, in fact they are your top three matches, you'll find that you have quite a bit in common with these three, they all match your ideal woman physically, but absolutely none of them is looking for a ring or kids anytime soon. 

"Now I must warn you this is a high risk paring, quite often our high risks turn into long term relationships, but be forewarned they are high risk because unlike a conventional pairing, neither of you has a desire for long term, so your views of what you want out of your relationship can easily become different. As such you are not eligible for our guarantee. 

"Only if both of you can prove, through a series of special tests, an absolute desire to a committed long term relationship will we allow use of the guarantee. However that is doubtful, more than likely you'll have a fun fling with an attractive girl and be back for a new one later."

"And if I meet one of these chicks and marry her without one of those tests, what then?"

"Then we wish you the best of luck and hope it works out. Love is mysterious Mr. Hayes and not even we claim to know it all. After all, people have been falling in love quite well without our help for thousands of years and continue to do so, we simply are trying to help make the process smoother by giving the relationship a firm foundation to build on."

After that Mr. Hayes made his selection and Lloyd informed him of the procedure by which matches were made and the customer left satisfied. 

Lloyd then sat at his desk before the phone rang, recognizing the number he smiled and he answered. "Hey honey, what's up?"

"Nothing just checking to see if we are still on tonight?

"Yes," Lloyd sighed not intending to make it sound tired, but inadvertently taking his frustration with his conversation with the customer out on Jill.

"Another guy arguing why he can't be on your site?" Lloyd smiled, boy did she know him well.

"Yep, how did you know?"

"Lucky guess, there have been a lot of those since you had Jackie redesign the site."

"Funny I try to make these people's lives easier, saving them the trouble of dealing with marriage expectations they don't want. Not to mention save a few men and women heartbreak and I get nothing but grief for it."

"Well on behalf of the nice girls of the world you're protecting, thank you."

"You're all quite welcome, speaking of which, what does my nice girl want to do tonight?"

They hammered out details for that evening and after a nice dinner out they were soon back at his place and in the bedroom to have some fun. Fed by Jill's lust for him his initial assault was fast and furious. He barely took in the now familiar form of his girlfriend before moving to lick and suck her small breasts. He assaulted the firm mounds with his mouth and fingers much to the appreciation from Jill.

Soon she was screaming in pleasure and he parted her shapely legs to give her pussy a tongue bath until she came. When her orgasm subsided she returned the favor by pinning him to the bed and hungrily sucking his hard shaft. As she sucked him closer and closer to the edge he looked into her eyes and something odd happened. A new sensation washed over him that was so invigorating it made him forget the lust he had been feeding off of. In the air above him the color was so beautiful it was indescribable.

Lloyd smiled, understanding what it was and slowly stopped Jill. He repositioned himself on top of her. He then held her down until the lust faded from her and only that beautiful emotion was between them. 

He entered her and the emotion was not spoken of as he slowly thrust in and out of Jill. The new emotion was giving him power he could only imagine, yet his feelings for the woman beneath him restrained his power. 

Sometime later, he knew not how long, they silently came together and he collapsed on the bed. He kissed her one last time before sleep overtook him. 

In that moment he was in the embrace of something great, no feeling he had ever had, not even his rebirth could have matched an in that moment; he knew what must be done the only question was would he have the strength to do it?