 Edited by luvtaread

*

Not long after that memorable night with Jill it seemed the Goddess was at last ready to take physical form. Membership in the site was at an all time high and people's belief in love world wide had grown dramatically since Lloyd had started. Not to mention thanks to his savvy business staff and other associates, he was now head of an empire. He was truly the Lord of Vegas. Casinos, hotels, restaurants, malls, water parks, and strip clubs; he owned a good chunk of the town. Granted most of that stuff was thanks to the Untouchables encouraging him to diversify his empire a bit.

Now though, in a way the bill for this success had come due, the Goddess wanted her body and that would require a ceremony the likes of which Lloyd had never imagined. Earlier the Goddess had asked for five priestesses to aid her rise. Lloyd had taken a risk when he nominated Crystal, Holly, Jackie, Gina, and Sarah. Although they had been some of his closest allies along the way, the first four here in Vegas and Sarah running things out in LA, well when she was not in class that is. However, Lloyd felt he was taking a risk offering up several trusted friends to the Goddess knowing how the aftermath might go. Still on the off chance he was wrong he knew they were the most qualified of his many helpers.

So Lloyd stood surrounded by the five new priestesses, Jimmy, several of Jimmy's men, and a few others from his empire to see the rise of the Love Goddess at last. As the ceremony went on Lloyd got more and more nervous, part of him wishing Jill were here with him, but he knew he needed an ace in the hole should something go awry, and she was it. The chanting from the five women drew to a crescendo and Lloyd knew it was time for his part. 

Staring at the cloud of emotion that was his Goddess he spoke, "I, Eros on behalf of myself and the five priestesses of Aphrodite, call you to rise my mother Goddess, rise and take your physical form once more so that the world may behold your eternal beauty."

There was a brilliant flash of light from the center of the circle the priestesses and Lloyd had formed. When it had subsided the most beautiful woman the world had ever seen stood before them in her naked glory. The room knelt before her in awe. As they did Lloyd could not help but note the arousal emitting from even the most heterosexual of women in the room, the Goddess truly commanded lust in everyone she met.

"Arise my son," that familiar voice said, "Rise and clothe me my loyal son."

"As you wish mother," Lloyd said rising and clothing the Goddess in a bright red robe.

Once she was clothed the Goddess smiled at the people surrounding her and sighed in pleasure.

"Oh, I can feel your lust for me followers and I thank you for your loyalty and service. However you all have been working too hard. I can feel your lust radiating through the room. Give into it my children strengthen your Goddess!"

Lloyd then watched in horror and awe as everyone in the room instantly boiled over with lust for one another. The entire room seemed to shed their clothing and within minutes the whole room was a massive orgy, the centerpiece of which were his five friends he had so trustingly offered up to the Goddess. Lloyd's emotions boiled over too, but unlike the others it was not lust that overwhelmed him, it was anger.

"What the Hell are you doing?!" he demanded of the Goddess, she surveyed the mass orgy with pleasure.

"Having a little fun with the mortals my son, speaking of which," she then shed the robe he had put on her not a minute before. "All this lust has made me very horny baby, come to mommy you big stud you." Lloyd was tempted, but his resolve somehow held resisting the Goddess he refused.

"No!" he shouted over the din of the orgy.

"What?!" the goddess said in shock then smiled, "Of course my son I promised you a prize and come to think of it a threesome would be nice." She then spoke to the crowd, "Crystal come serve your Goddess."

Crystal appeared moments later and Lloyd was shocked at the sight. The normally well groomed Crystal was disheveled in appearance with cum all over her body. It covered her face, hair, tits, belly, some was even dripping from her pussy and mouth. Lloyd could only imagine what was happening to the other four at the moment especially young Sarah. He felt shame for exposing them to this.

"Yes Mistress?" the cum covered woman asked.

"Lloyd here has something to say to you." The Goddess said while looking at Lloyd expectantly.

"No, I don't I don't want her anymore and I don't need your stupid spell. What I want is for you to release these people."

"Don't be silly Lloyd why would you want that? They're just mortals." 

The lust in the room was growing too strong, but getting an idea he absorbed some and with his most commanding voice yelled, "STOP!" The orgy ground to a halt. He then turned to the Goddess and said, "No, they are people with lives, most of them have partners they are committed to, partners I introduced them to so you could have your precious body back. I will not stand for this anymore, nor will I force Crystal to love me, she is already in love and will stay that way if I can help it."

"Lloyd you have served me well so I will forgive you this slight. You don't want Crystal, fine more for everyone else, but you will share my bed willingly or not."

"No I won't if this is what it means than I'm out."

The goddess looked at him and glaring at Crystal spat at her, "Why did you have to remind him about that meddlesome Jill?"

"Sorry mistress," Crystal said sheepishly bowing her head in shame.

The goddess then looked back at Lloyd, "Oh yes I know about her, she was the one thing that could make you throw away the empire, and ruin my plan. That foolish girl, I tried to keep her from you I tried to stop her from ruining you but alas I failed. Now I have to destroy you all because Crystal here couldn't keep her mouth shut."

"Love? You are punishing me for falling in love? I knew you were off your rocker, but I never imagined this. You despise the very thing you stand for?"

"Of course I do you idiot! I'm beautiful, I want to have fun and have sex. Love and marriage are for ugly people who get old. Since I shall never be either what do I care about love. It's a trap for the dumb. Trust me boy I've been at this a long time and never has love been more powerful or more fun than lust. I only saddle people with love to sustain me and it is a bitter food."

"Very well then Goddess I did not want to do this but I think its time you relinquished your post. I am relieving you of your command."

The Goddess laughed, "What do you think this is boy, the military? Only I decide when I am relieved and it isn't now. I'm going to have way too much fun with this new empire you've built for me. After all I'm beautiful, rich, and powerful and as Crystal can tell you that makes for a pretty charmed life. No I'm not going anywhere."

"That's what the Olympians said, and look at where they are now." Lloyd reminded her.

"The Olympians? Ha! Upstarts compared to me although they thought they could contain me the fools. Hera tried to contain me by marrying me off to that son of hers. I showed them, I slept with his half-brother. Zeus tried to contain my power so I made a son that was more powerful than any of his children and just to prove my point I set Eros loose on Zues's precious Olympians quite often. I even darn near got Hera to break off the marriage a few times. As for that husband of mine, I know they were trying to contain me, but did it have to be with such a pathetic god, I mean the blacksmith? Seriously? But I digress," she said looking back at Lloyd, "You, like them, will fail little boy, in fact I own you, remember? Without me you would have been dead months ago. All that you are now is because of me. Does your precious Jill know that? It really doesn't matter though because in a few minutes you won't remember having this conversation and you'll be my loyal little errand boy. After that, I'll deal with your precious Jill. Now goodnight Lloyd..." 

The goddess then attempted to rewrite Lloyd's personality as he had done to so many, but Lloyd was ready for it. He had figured out long ago that mental powers worked both ways and knew that if it came to a disagreement with the Goddess this is the first thing she would try. As such he had been working on ways to shield his thoughts and mind from hers. It worked, and soon the frustrated Goddess withdrew her attack.

"Impressive Lloyd, maybe you aren't as dumb as you look. Still your mind maybe shielded but the rest of these peoples aren't. I hope your body can withstand punishment as well as your mind did." She then turned and said, "Jimmy, kill Lloyd for me."

It was about then that Lloyd really regretted enlisting the mob boss's help; suddenly he was dodging goons and bullets. Unfortunately there was far too much of both and by the time Lloyd made it to a window that the gunfire had blown out, he had received a pummeling and been shot quite a few times. Bleeding and half dead Lloyd took the last option left to him he leapt out the window. 

*******

The Goddess watched as he leapt and said, "No matter, he won't make it long and if he does we'll get him later." She then spoke to the group, "Let's have some fun," the orgy started back up and she took extra pleasure in watching Lloyd's loyal friends get willingly gang banged. She had one more devious thought, she turned to the gangster next to her and said, "Oh Jimmy, bring me Cammie Flage I think she and I have things to discuss."