 Edited by luvtaread

*

Lloyd awoke in a bed not sure whether he was alive or dead. Many thoughts had run through his head since he dove out that window. The most prominent of which had been of Jill. As he thought of her and remembered that night together, something strange had happened, he could swear that some of his wounds healed as he fell. Of course reality must have set in at some point during the fall because he had obviously blacked out.

Now he was on a bed and if the beeping sound he heard and his immobility told him anything it was that he was in the hospital. It was exactly where you would expect to find a man that had been beaten, shot, and taken a swan dive off the top floor of a Vegas hotel. Well that man wouldn't be here, more likely in the morgue than a room still breathing, but as Lloyd proved before leaping, he was no ordinary man. 

Like the Goddess he was infused with some immortal essence that allowed him to survive. Still even with that the fall should have killed him, but also like the Goddess love was his power source and in that fall he had recalled a source of love. It was only an echo and a memory of the emotion, not the real thing, because with the real thing he would likely have walked away unscathed, but the memory was enough to keep him alive and that was all that mattered. 

"Lloyd! You're awake thank god! What happened to you? They said you tried to kill yourself." Jill said and Lloyd smiled, at least one part of his plan had gone right. Jill's name and number had surely been found on his person. Which is how she was now at his bedside. He also could see her emotion and while he was glad to she her caring about him and that small dosage of love was likely what woke him from what was surely a coma, he needed something more powerful if he was going to get out of town in time to stop the Goddess.

He tried to answer but couldn't move his jaw.

"You broke your jaw in the attempt Lloyd, along with most everything else." Lloyd sighed; the pain that that caused told him a few ribs had been broken as well. He was tempted to use telepathy but not wanting to send his one ally away screaming he looked for other means, which Jill provided. "They gave me this pad and paper write down what you need." 

Lloyd took the pen and scribbled a note.

Jill then read it aloud, "Will explain later, kiss me." She then looked at him, "Kiss you? Lloyd I don't think that's quite appropriate." 

Lloyd then signaled for the paper and wrote, "Do you trust me?"

"Of course," Jill said handing the paper back to him. He then pointed at the 'kiss me' again. She hesitantly agreed and after looking around she leaned in and gave him a quick kiss. It did nothing. She pulled back and asked if that was better. Lloyd did his best to shake his head then wrote 'with emotion' on the paper. Jill clearly didn't understand and said, "Lloyd I can't I kind of need a more responsive partner for that." 

Lloyd wrote 'please try' on the paper and Jill nodded. As she readied herself Lloyd saw the emotions rising in her. Her love for him began radiating from her eyes as she moved in again. It invigorated Lloyd, but not as much as the kiss. Never had Lloyd been kissed with such emotion and never again would he doubt Jill's love for him. He only hoped it was strong enough for what he had to tell her next.

As the warmth of love enveloped him he felt his body healing and his strength returned. Soon he almost felt he was emitting light as the stiffness around his limbs seemingly dissolved he reached out to embrace Jill. Soon even his jaw could move and as he pulled Jill into a deeper kiss he felt her tongue enter his mouth. It seemed that in that moment she too had forgotten about the injuries.

When the kiss had ended somehow Lloyd's casts were gone and he felt better than he had since, well, that night he spent with Jill.

"Lloyd?!" Jill said looking at him in disbelief, "You're, you're..."

"Yes, I'll explain later right now lets go."

"Lloyd Frank I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's going on. First you apparently try to kill yourself and land in a coma and now you're completely fine? What is this Lloyd?"

Seeing that she was not going to budge he sighed and said, "You're right I do owe you an explanation, but can we do it somewhere else please, this is a little too public."

She begrudgingly agreed to that and quickly they left the hospital. Jill, at Lloyd's request, drove them to the airport where she parked the car in a secluded spot turned it off and looked at Lloyd expectantly.

"To answer your questions yes I did try to kill myself, but not tonight. I think it's best I start with that, please don't interrupt and know that no matter how ridiculous it may seem it is all true."

Lloyd then told the story of ending his life in the hotel room, the Goddess, becoming Eros, getting and using his power, building the empire, his falling out with Crystal; the whole story up until he met her for lunch, after which she had a good idea. He then told her about the ceremony and what had transpired.

"...which is why they thought I killed myself, I leapt out of the window to survive." He said closing out his story.

Jill stared at him for a while then said, "Assuming this whole power thing is true and all that other stuff. Which if you hadn't healed those wounds in front of me would have been a stretch. What I really want to know was why you would kill yourself in the first place? I thought you were better than that Lloyd."

"It was a dark place I was in Jill. I thought no one cared about me. It wasn't until I met you for lunch that I found out I was wrong."

"And speaking of people who care about you if you thought the bitch was going to go psycho on us why offer her five of your friends?"

"I had hoped she wouldn't do what she did, even so I still had my reasons. I'm not entirely stupid, there was a reason I didn't invite you. You were too valuable if things went bad, and not just because you could heal me, that was a bonus, but because true love may be the only thing powerful enough to unseat the egotistical bitch. I'm sorry I didn't tell you the truth but I did not think you'd believe me, I'm sorry I doubted you."

"Don't be this stuff is pretty out there and had I not seen what happened in the hospital I probably would have thought you were nuts. I still kinda think you're nuts just less so now."

"Thanks, I think. If you're with me though we got a plane to catch."

"Plane? Which one? To where?"

"The private jet, I figured I might need to leave the city fast so I had it ready, and we're going to Sicily, Mount Etna to be exact. Something the Goddess said while taunting me gave me an idea. Plus if you're up for it I'd kind of like to finish what we started in the hospital. Jill smiled and not too long after they were on their way to Italy, passing the time by joining the mile high club.

Lloyd kissed and caressed his seated love while helping rid her of her clothing. Not long after he was sucking on her bare nipples with tender affection. This appeared to have energized Jill because once he broke contact she told him to stand up and soon his cock was out and she was hungrily sucking it. Lloyd was in heaven for several minutes as her tongue and mouth worked his cock

When she had finished he returned the favor by stripping off her shorts and panties and eating her out to a few screaming orgasms. When she had come down she looked at him wickedly.

"What?" he asked.

"Oh nothing Mr. Sex God I was just wondering if you can prove that boast baby?"

Lloyd's only answer was a smile before he stood and inserted his cock into her dripping wet pussy. For over an hour he fucked her in various positions. Half way through they lost count of the number of orgasms she had had before he finally came inside her. When it was all finished they collapsed into their chairs and slept for most of the remainder of the flight.