 Edited by luvtaread

*

Lloyd and Jill had been scouring the mountain for hours trying to find some way to speak to the Goddess's ex. They had been looking for a secret cave or entrance to the heart of the mountain when Lloyd got an idea. He spotted a research station and made for it.

Jill still seemingly not understanding why they were there asked, "Lloyd I thought we needed a cave why are you headed for that station?"

"I overlooked something, I just remembered why this sight appealed to me so much."

"I thought we were trying to find the Goddess's ex?"

"We are, Hephaestus, the mythical husband of the love goddess."

"And what makes you so sure he exists?"

"The Goddess mentioned it before I jumped, she talked about how he and his parents, that would be Zeus and Hera, tried to foolishly imprison her. Well foolish or not they must have succeeded in some way or found some way of making the Goddess play nice for all those years."

"But I thought she was one of them, it's even said she was Zeus's daughter."

"Only in some tales, others say she is older than the gods and some of the titans. Given what I heard before she tried to kill me I think she's something else entirely, and if there's anyone who would know it would be her immortal ex."

"So why here?" Jill asked as they gained entry to the research station.

"Simple, because not only was Mount Etna the last known forge of Hephaestus, but as you can see it is one of the most technologically monitored volcanoes in the world." He chuckled and shook his head, "Only the Goddess would forget about Hephaestus's power and call him only a blacksmith. If I'm right a little used ability in ancient times would make him a very present figure in today's society." Then raising his voice to the machines Lloyd said, "Isn't that right Step-father? I, Eros, call you forth, speak Hephaestus Lord of Technology." 

To the amazement of both the screens around them filled with the face of the one known as the lame god. The face smiled as it looked at Lloyd and Jill.

"Very good young Eros, you have done better than expected."

"Thank you, and my apologies for using your realm to aid your ex-wife, I was blinded by lust and greed."

"You are not the first and it was my pleasure to aid one who for once had humanity's best interests at heart. However you are not here because you wish to pay homage to me, you are here because of what my ex-wife has done."

"Yes Lord, I suspect the cameras told you that and I need not tell you what is going on."

"Yes, and it has only grown worse since your flight, Her appetite for lust grows by the minute and it will soon consume the city. Observe."

The screens then filled with images of chaos as most of Las Vegas was now under the same spell that those at the ceremony had been exposed to. Mass orgies now consumed hotels, casinos, restaurants, and some even spilled out onto the street.

"She must be stopped, so many innocent people are being taken in by her sickness." Jill said quietly.

"Agreed mortal, but it will not be easy, I will help you anyway I can, but it will require strength and courage from you both to defeat her. As Lloyd so correctly put earlier in his explanation to you Jill only the power of true love can conquer her now." 

Neither questioned how he had heard that private conversation. Lloyd simply asked, "So what did you and your parents have on her? Knowing her she did not like working with the other Olympians, someone must have had dirt on her."

"We did, she is not an Olympian like the rest of us, she actually fought with the titans until she realized father was going to win. She then decided to lend her powers to dad's efforts. As a reward she was not cast into Tartarus and give the option of joining the Olympians. She refused and at first would not join us, as she had helped them and was not a true titan father let her be for some time. Eventually Hermes found the truth and told mother and father. It turns out she was a mortal cursed for wishing to be the most beautiful woman there ever was, is, or will be. Apparently she was too vain to a sorceresses and the witch granted my ex her wish, but at a terrible price; in order to assure that Aphrodite would be as ugly inside as she was beautiful outside she made the poor punished girl in charge of the most beautiful emotion in the world, in charge of it, but never able to truly feel love herself. Watching humanity experience happiness she could never feel was to be her true punishment."

"The problem is the Goddess loves beauty and lust too much to truly release herself." Lloyd left her title in spite of the new revelation as he did not have a better way to refer to her at the moment.

"There is no release from the spell." Hephaestus said darkly, "The witch died casting the spell before she could give Aphrodite a way out. Believe me we tried to find a loop hole, but couldn't. She has always been able to influence hearts and minds ever since that witch tried to curse her with power and beauty. When father realized her power and that he could not contain her he threatened to cast her into Tartarus. She relented and agreed to father's terms, with one negotiation, originally Uncle Hades was to be her husband, as my father figured burying her in the underworld would limit her powers. She was able to dissuade him which is how I ended up with her. 

"When she was made an Olympian it was more a formality than anything it tied her to our collective power and served to limit her a bit, but her power has almost always beeen all her own. 

"In the end the best we could do near the end of our reign was to strip her of her Olympian essence in an attempt to deny her some of the power she wielded. What's more unbeknownst to her the Olympian essence actually absorbed some of her powers. The key thing is with out the support of Olympus she fell into nothingness, only surfacing when some poor sap could be roped into her scheme by dangling a dream girl in front of him. Never did she get her body back though." 

"Yeah sorry about that, it seems I have unleashed a tyrant onto the world with not only her own massive powers, but a business empire that could allow her to swiftly take over the world, making all of us her lust slaves." Then after a pause he said, "However, you are wrong about her powers they can be taken away, she specifically told me only she could relinquish them and she never would, not for anything."

"She must be able to transfer the curse then, but that would take extreme power. Even greater than the power the Olympians had."

"Which is why only she can do it, if what you said is true only your ex has enough power to release herself from the curse and transfer it to someone else."

"Then you must find a way to trick her into giving up her powers and quickly, otherwise there is no hope. Though you will stand no chance unless you take something first."

No sooner had he finished the sentence then a panel opened and revealed a glass container holding a liquid-gas substance.

"The essence of the Olympian love deity, the one my father had stripped from my ex in the final days of our reign. Take it together and together you can be stronger than Her. Hopefully you can succeed where we failed. Good luck. Oh and one more thing, in order to really take hold the essence must be sealed by an extraordinary act of love, so when it takes hold make sure to do something really love filled."

"Thanks, but what about. . .?"

"My ex and her minions? Don't worry I can hold them off long enough for you two to get ready, I got you here, didn't I?"

"Right, and thanks by the way."

Jill and Lloyd guarded the essence as they made it back to their hotel room. They proceeded to take it together and no sooner had it entered their bodies than they became overwhelmed with desire for one another. They virtually tore off their clothes, actually in Jill's case her body did most of the work for her. 

Lloyd was shocked to see her body change into a amazingly voluptuous form, her once small breasts swelling in size with her hips and butt joining them. Her hair lengthened and her legs and stomach grew more muscular.

It took Lloyd's lust filled brain seconds to realize what had happened; she had been transformed into a sex goddess by the essence, similar to how his powers had made him look different.

"See anything you like baby?" his new sex kitten purred.

He pounced and for the next half hour they were a jumble of limbs as they kissed, licked, sucked, and fucked all over the room. When the lust finally subsided enough to think Lloyd remembered Hephaestus's words about an act of love. Using all his strength he held Jill down and let her lust fade. As it did she slowly returned to normal. When she was back she looked at herself and sighed.

"Why did you do that Lloyd? I loved having that body."

"I love you just the way you are babe, now lust is fun, but were here to make love baby and that we will do."

She smiled and said, "You'd better baby."

Lloyd kissed her and began another sex marathon, this one filled with tenderness and love, it was much deeper and powerful and in the end they both went to sleep feeling invigorated.

Despite the danger that awaited them they slumbered peacefully in each other's arms, basking in their love for each other and hoping it was enough to dethrone the Goddess.