 Edited by luvtaread

*

With the aid of Hephaestus Jill and Lloyd were able to re-enter Las Vegas. To further aid their attempt to get close to the Goddess they used their powers to alter their appearance. They hoped that by doing this they would be able to get close enough to execute the plan that Lloyd had come up with. It was not the best of plans but it had a high likelihood and seemed their best option.

However, something they had not counted on was that their presence began to immediately counteract the Goddess's. Meaning that as they simply passed through a room the people there returned to normal, leaving an awkward silence in their wake. Not exactly the inconspicuous entrance they had wanted. Still to their surprise they made it to the heart of the orgy and found the Goddess at its center.

"Well, well if it isn't Lloyd, come back for more of a beating?" The Goddess said smiling while sitting on a gold throne that had definitely not been there when he had left. Then spotting Jill she said, "And I see you brought your little friend this time too. Good, I can get rid of you both once and for all."

"I think you'll find that a little more difficult bitch," Jill said surprising everyone, especially Lloyd. "I have a score to settle with you, no one beats up my man and enslaves my friends and gets away with it!"

The goddess smiled and laughed, "Oh Jill, so feisty but oh so wrong. You two think that because that weakling ex-husband of mine helped you and because you have that pitiful essence from those fools that you are a match for me? Believe me I used that puny essence for a long time and you know what I learned about it? It's good for parlor tricks, but it's nothing compared to my real powers."

"So you'll never give them up then?"

"No Lloyd as I said I will never give them up, surrender them, or relinquish them in any way. Not to you, not to her not to anyone, ever." Lloyd smiled to himself hoping that his phone was transmitting clearly to the computers across town. A slight nod from Jill told him they had. Lloyd then turned his attention back to the gloating Goddess.

"Of course I could finish you two right now but there is someone here who wants a little revenge. It's not nice to mess with people's minds against their wills is it Camilla?"

As the master thief emerged with her gang Lloyd knew he was in trouble. Not that he hadn't seen this coming. He knew very well that if things went bad the first thing the Goddess would do would be to free Camilla and her gang. Still facing twenty pissed off women was not something he was looking forward to. 

He looked at Jill and they knew what had to be done. They would have to use what powers they had to stop themselves from being pummeled, leaving them open to attack from the Goddess.

Resigned to their fate the fight began. Lloyd and Jill were not the best of fighters, but they could trick the others into helping them. Grabbing a few of the strong bodied, but weak minded women they were able use their helpers to dramatically thin out the crowd. Eventually though the weight of numbers overwhelmed their protection leaving Camilla and several of her best lieutenants.

"Clever of you to hide behind a few of my girls, but you won't find the rest of us as weak-minded, not to mention we're immune to your lust powers now thanks to our Goddess."

"Well there goes that strategy," Lloyd thought. Then looking at the five women he remembered looking into their minds their hopes, dreams, and memories. He thought of one last ditch effort.

"Wait!" he shouted before they closed in on he and Jill. "Is this really what you want? She's the enemy of humanity not us, she's the reason you all are in so much pain, you feel have to rob and steal from others. Trying to fill an emptiness you can't fill with any amount of money."

Looking past the leader he looked at the other four. "Isn't that right Jamie?" He said looking at a raven haired woman to the far left. "Your high school boyfriend cheating on you for some cheer slut? Textbook Goddess." Then looking to her left at a blonde, "and you Hannah your fiancé and that stripper? The same." Lloyd shifted his focus to the far right to a plain looking brunette, "Jenny, you used to be a nice girl before love ran you over and boyfriend after boyfriend after boyfriend left you broken hearted." Finally he looked at the hot Asian girl to Camilla's left, "And finally Tammy, you never had a chance for happiness thanks to this bitch," Lloyd said pointing to the Goddess, she broke up your parents for a little fun one day. She does it all the time ruins families to make herself feel better, to raise a new generation of poor souls who are just as miserable as she is. Granting only a few happiness to allow for her survival," he glared at the Goddess and spit her words back at her, "after all love is a bitter food for her and lust is so sweet." He turned back to face the four women now enraptured in his speech.

"That's what you four and countless others are to her, snacks to feed her sweet tooth, how does that feel, to be used like that ladies? How does it feel to have your lives ruined so your new mistress can get a sugar rush?" Lloyd could feel the hatred toward the Goddess rising in each of them. Finally it broke and the four turned on the Goddess, who promptly knocked them out.

"Nice one Lloyd," the Goddess said, walking up to Camilla, "but I think you'll find this one impossible to corrupt, she's on my side, aren't you?"

"Oh, I know," Lloyd said "Camilla is just like you, she's never met a heart she couldn't crush or manipulate. She's ice cold, but now she's the only one left. What's more the rest of the room has realized what you really are, can you feel it, Goddess? Can you feel the tide shifting on you? Pretty soon we'll have enough power to unseat you and then the power will be up for grabs, all we need is your blood for the spell and we can make it happen." Lloyd saw the greed in Camilla's eyes and gave her a slight push. The master thief turned on the Goddess and seconds later she joined her friends on the floor.

The goddess looked at Lloyd slightly impressed, "Impressive Lloyd you managed to defeat them and still have some power to spare, but I think playtime is over my dear."

Suddenly Jill was lifted off the ground and thrust out a window, Lloyd ran to help her, but she just drifted out further. He stared out the blown out window trying to think of a way out of this but before he could the Goddess said, "I'll spare her if you relinquish your powers that I gave you, do that and I will let her go."

"Don't Lloyd! Forget about me I'll figure out a way." As she said it Hephaestus's words about true love and conquering the Goddess together entered his mind. Only together could they do it besides, he could not let her die.

"Fine, I'll do it. I Eros, relinquish the power that my mother Goddess gave to me, let it go back to where it came from." Lloyd said defeated, the Goddess smiled. Lloyd felt his power drain away and he realized too late his mistake.

"Forget something Lloyd? I forestalled your death, and one thing about my Ex's uncle, he never forgets to collect what he's due, and he's been itching to collect you for sometime. He'll get two for the price of one tonight I think." She said before releasing Jill.

"No! You promised!" 

"I only promised to let her go Lloyd, I didn't say she would live. Still she has enough power to survive but she'll be in a coma the rest of her life. Serves her right for meddling in my affairs. Now as for you, you won't get to be that lucky." She said levitating the glass from the window and moving it so it became a hovering cloud between her and Lloyd. "That essence of yours could keep you alive for some time, but I don't want to wait that long so, goodbye Lloyd."

The next few second were a flurry of activity the glass rocketed at Lloyd, but before it reached him a massive white swan flew in and intercepted the missiles. As it did it bowled over Lloyd and he and the bird fell into a tangled heap. Then the bird began to morph into something else, something human.

"Jill," Lloyd said surprisingly strongly considering he too was dying. Jill was not much better, her back littered with wounds from the glass shards. Then suddenly a warmth descended over his body and Jill's. He noticed that they began to glow, he felt his wound heal and watched as the shards of glass exited Jill's body and the wounds healed themselves.

Suddenly the wind from the window blew strongly as a storm seemed to brew overhead, lightening flashed as the very earth seemed to shake. The wind gusted around the room and contents of the bowls were scattered. Amazingly a collection of odd items formed in front of Jill and Lloyd: a peacock feather, an olive, a grape, bread, a cell phone, and oddly enough a note for someone's prescription. 

Suddenly a beam of moonlight entered the room and shown on the collection of objects as music filled the air for a brief second before a commotion outside drowned it out. It appeared the National Guard had arrived to restore order to the city. Lloyd smiled as the Goddess looked out the window furiously.

"Ares, you traitor!" She shouted out the street below.

"Ares? How could he be here?"

Lloyd smiled and answered, "they all are I think, we just became the gods of Love my dear and it appears the Olympians are not as dormant as we thought," he pointed to the objects in front of them. "The storm, the tremor, the moonbeam, the music, the National guard, and these items all represent the other eleven Olympians. Thing is, I'm not sure how long we'll have their aid so we better make this quick."

"Speaking of the Olympians, on my way down I got the second buzz, he's ready."

"Good because I have an idea on how to get her to help us, but it'll require doing something rather personal." Lloyd said cautiously.

"Well were not married yet baby and I trust you. Rock her world babe." She said kissing him.

Lloyd smiled and after rising, walked up to the enthralled Goddess who was so focused on the arrival of her former colleagues that she barely noticed Lloyd sneaking behind her. Suddenly she turned and tried to fling him across the room. Lloyd did fly back but he countered enough of the push to make it only a few feet before he stopped himself.

"It seems the cavalry is here Goddess, I think it's time you gave up, my friends and I are here for you."

"Very well," she said, "but one last thing before you get Zeus to banish me to Tartarus or something. If I'm going away I want one last fuck and who better than the new sex god. I've watched you in action boy and I must say I'm impressed. Watching you get those mortals off made me so very hornnny." As she said the last word she dropped the flowing gown she wore to reveal nothing underneath.

"What do you say lover boy, one last fling or are you too whipped?" Without even glancing at Jill, because he already knew the answer, Lloyd used his new magic to remove his clothes and transform the golden throne into a massive bed.

"Ohhh," the Goddess said as he moved in and swept her up and carried her to the bed. He knew that they would have a massive audience as it had been planned that way, he needed her powers at their peak for the plan to work.

The emotions from those onlookers in the room drove the pair to new heights and immediately they were tangled in an animalistic wrestling match. A match the Goddess eventually won. Lloyd was rewarded for is loss by having the Goddess swallow his massive shaft whole. For the next half hour she did things with her mouth and throat he never thought possible. To his surprise it ended in him blowing his load down her throat.

"Already Lloyd? I'm disappointed, I thought you were tougher than this." She then shoved her tits in his face, "Oh well I guess I'm gonna have to settle for you sucking on my tits for a bit, won't I."

Lloyd complied immediately and knew that this was going to be tough, she wasn't going to play fair. When he finished with her tits she had him service her pussy and for some reason he couldn't refuse her anything.

"Having trouble Lloyd?" She said after a few orgasms, "I think you got in over your head. See I'm not some silly mortal you can whip with a big dick and expect to cum buckets for you. I've been at this a long time and now that I've broken you a bit, you will be mine, it's just a matter of time. Oh, and don't worry about your little girlfriend over there, she's next. Now be a good boy and fuck me with that huge dick of yours."

Lloyd complied and shoved his hard cock into the tightest most heavenly pussy he had ever fucked, she was the Goddess of sex for a reason. No sooner had he entered her though than she began massaging him with her cunt muscles.

"Still think you can rock my world Lloyd?" She laughed and said, "I must thank you for all the energy though. The lust this is creating will allow me to really get the worldwide party started, all thanks to you baby!"

Lloyd continued working her for some time before help seemingly arrived. Lloyd knew exactly what he was doing when he baited the arrogant Goddess. He knew because he had studied Greek mythology and if there was one thing the Gods could absolutely not stand it was hubris, and the Goddess was dripping with the stuff as she laid into Lloyd. 

With a little help from his new friends Lloyd managed to turn the tables on the so called Goddess. Soon, like the mortal women he had so thoroughly dominated, she too was riding a wave of orgasmic pleasure building toward one massive climax, it was that climax Lloyd needed.

Lloyd smiled as he felt her pass the point of no return and the massive orgasm began to break. Lloyd signaled Jill over and in a flash the nude Jill straddled the Goddess' face and ground her pussy against the Goddess's mouth. As he felt the energy reach it peak the speakers in the room filled with the voice of the Goddess. It was a remixed version of the Goddess' assurance that she would never relinquish her power, only now it said the opposite. The recording now had her giving her curse to Jill and Lloyd. Between the recording and the power she was emitting thanks to her orgasm the spell worked.

Seeing this Lloyd and Jill said in unison, "We accept this curse together and set you free." They then kissed and felt the curse wash over them. 

When they opened their eyes they were clothed and sat around a campfire with the former Goddess and an old woman. She looked at the pair and smiled.

"Curse?" she said to the pair, "For you two with selfless hearts and the true love of another, it will be no curse. I only wish I could have finished the original spell on the child, it was meant to teach her a lesson, not punish humanity for so long. Can you ever forgive me?"

"Of course," the pair said together. 

Then looking at the teenage girl that lay unconscious between him and Jill, Lloyd asked, "A teenager? That's what caused all this trouble, a teenager?"

"Yes, I gave a child too much power by accident and my spirit, which got tied to the spell, has been forced to watch the horrors she has caused."

"Well you are forgiven." Jill said softly, "I think you have suffered enough ma'am. We release you, be at peace."

"What of the girl?"

"We'll handle her." Lloyd said, "I think I have a good idea on what to do with her. She is no longer your concern, be at peace." The old woman nodded and she and the fireside scene faded.

Jill and Lloyd found themselves in the hotel suite surrounded by the results of the Goddess's reign of terror. They stood at the center and concentrating together they restored order and erased the memory of all those involved, well almost all.

Their enslaved friends walked up to them and Lloyd looked at each apologetically.

"I have betrayed you all I'm so sorry, and I'll understand if you can never forgive me."

The five women looked at each other and Crystal spoke up, "Lloyd, we know why you did it, we could hear everything you said and she said."

"Yes, and we quite agree with everything." Gina said.

"Besides you helped us all realize our dreams in some way." Holly added.

"You were a good friend, and boss," Jackie said.

"Not to mention kind and gentle, except to those that would do harm to others." Sarah said.

"Not to mention you picked a good person to help bail you out." Crystal said and the other four agreed. Jill blushed and thanked them. "So what do you say ladies? I think our old mistress is gone, shall we take a new one?" 

Sarah was the first to step forward. She knelt before the pair and said, "My Lord Lloyd and my Lady Jill, I humbly offer my service." Holly followed suite, then Gina, then Jackie, and finally Crystal. 

When Jill and Lloyd had blessed each one they held hands and together spoke, "Rise priestesses of the God and Goddess of Love. Go forth and spread the blessed emotion to the world."

"With pleasure, My Lord and Lady," The five women repeated smiling as they rose.

Then Jill brought Lloyd's attention to the teenager still unconscious in the middle of the room. 

"Ah yes our naughty child. I think I have just the place for her." He grasped Jill and the teen's hands and using his new powers they appeared in a park nestled in a suburban neighborhood.

"Where are we?" Jill asked.

"Iowa," He then turned to the teenager and waiving his hand woke her.

"You dirty rats you tricked me I ought to..." The angry child said.

"What? What are you going to do?" Lloyd asked and getting no response said, "Now shut up and listen, I have an offer for you."

Lloyd laid out his plan to make her mortal and set her up with a set of good parents. As an incentive he told her if at the end of her life she had lived a good life full of love, he will offer her a place amongst his immortal servants.

After much arguing she eventually agreed to become a mortal teenager name Serena. Lloyd then set her up with a couple that had recently renewed their vows, but only had one child due to a fertility issue. They had always wanted a son and daughter, but only had the son. The boy was already in high school and would be able to help his new sister get acclimated. Lloyd and Jill then left the happy family and retuned to Las Vegas.

"You know given what she did, I'm not sure she deserves what you gave her." Jill said.

"Probably, but I want her to experience love, I get the feeling she never did for whatever reason. Now she'll have parents and a brother that love her, and someday maybe a husband, children and grandchildren."

"If we live to see it." Jill said.

"Oh, we will baby, we're immortals now, so are Gina, Crystal, Jackie, Holly and Sarah if they wish it, and Serena if she earns it. I figure between them and us we'll do just fine with this love thing."

"Absolutely," Jill said smiling.