 Chapter 1: The Winged Siege

"TO ARMS!! WE ARE UNDER ATTACK!!"

The stone fortress erupts in a flurry of trumpets and the yelling of dwarven and elven soldiers, startled by the sharp-pitched screams of winged death swooping from above.

King Loric of the dwarven army steps from out of the Northwest Tower and rushes to the rampart, clad in dented and battle-worn chain armor, with his ancestral shield in one hand, and a bloodstained battle-axe on the other. He sees a winged humanoid creature raking its sharp claws on the back of an elven captain, its maw lined with malodorous fangs open to inflict a fatal bite against the neck when King Loric bats the creature away with his shield. As it lies prone on the ground, Loric cleaves the monster in half.

"DOWN KING LORIC!!" a woman's voice cries from nearby.

On instinct, King Loric crouches down and feels the swoosh of a monster flying by. The King looks up and sees it erupt in amber flames. He glances behind him and sees the tall stately figure of an elven woman clad in a gray woolen dress, with a scintillating violet orb of energy pulsing in between her upraised hands, emitting balls of fire upon the burning creature ahead. Loric nods in appreciation and sees that from the elf woman's right flank, another creature swoops down to attack. The dwarf runs in a short burst and swats off the monster's attack with his shield. Dazed, the creature falls to the ground and is immediately stabbed with a spear by an elf guard.

Queen Eliara of the elven kingdom likewise nods and smiles at the king, managing to appear lovely despite the blood and gore splattered on her plain dress. Her smile quickly turns into a furrowed frown as she and King Loric hears a heart-splitting shriek and the thunderous flap of bat wings.

Loric turns around and sees a large demon which appears to have summoned the winged monstrosities in their midst. The demon's host were goblin-sized, with bat-wings. They look like deformed fetuses with mottled leathery gray skin, yellow eyes, sharp black claws and cruel fangs. Their commander however, is more of troll-sized proportions, with a savage black boar's head on top of a hairy half-man half-wolf body, erupting in black leathery wings. In its massive sinewy hands, it wields a double-handed great mace.

The dwarf king raises his shield aloft and cries, "SZHORNACK!" its name. Dwarven sigils illuminates in blue light on the shield perimeter. "IN TYPHON'S NAME, I ABJURE THEE, YE UGLY SON OF A BOAR AND A FLEA-BITTEN WOLF! I ABJURE YE, BACK TO DER DEEPEST HELLS AND LET DER DARK BITCH HAVE 'ER WAY WITH YE MANGY SPHINCTER!!"

A swirling nexus of blue light opens from under the demon's feet as a chorus of thundering celestial voices is heard amidst the din of shrieking monsters, clanging weapons, and the dying wails of beast, dwarf and elf.

The demon barks a feral laughter which grates on the ear. Its eyes glows a deep red, as the blue nexus under its feet dims, sputters and is replaced by a raging circle of scarlet flame. Inside the circle is a fiery five-pointed star. The noxious scent of sulphur permeates throughout the battleground.

"YOUR FAITH FAILS YOU HALFLING!", the demon chortles in Common tongue, its insult reaching its intended mark.

"I YAM A DWAAAAAAAARRRFFFFFFF!!" King Loric shrieks in livid rage, leaping from the rampart, his axe held on high.

"KING LORIC!" the elf queen cries aloud, while raising her arms and muttering an unintelligible incantation. A great bolt of lightning emits from the purple orb in between her hands, snaking forward and lashing the demon, which screams in shock. Queen Eliara's body turns into electricity and flows into the lightning bolt before reforming on the ground below beside the demon. From up high, the blade of King Loric's axe erupts in blue flame as it slashes into a meaty clavicle. The demon shrieks in torment.

A blinding white light covers the fortress, as dwarf and elf cover their eyes in blindness.

A few seconds clear as sight returns. In the fortress ground, there is only an empty space and a charred outline of a pentagram.

Chapter 2: The Battle Continues

The great cavern was silent save for the drip of icy-cold droplets falling from the stalactites above, splashing on the dank stony floor. A snuffling sound is heard. It was a kobold on hunt. Raising its primitive spear, the kobold poised to impale an eyeless mole searching the floor for maggots. The kobold shrieks as the whole cavern is suddenly blinded by a white glare that comes from nowhere, revealing three figures in battle.

The great demon was still screaming as the pentagram beneath it writhes in flames. King Loric landed unceremoniously on his rump, but quickly scampered to his feet, slashing at the hamstrings of the demon. Queen Eliara appears beside him in a flash, her arms raised, the violet orb spewing out icy shards that fly at the demon's sides, drawing even more pain.

The demon smashes its mace downward to bludgeon the Queen but King Loric springs to her side and swats the attack aside with his shield. Drawing the full force of the blow, the dwarf king tumbles to the ground, but is not hurt. Queen Eliara, not fazed, maintains summoning icy projectiles to attack the demon, which barks an unholy word. The Queen screams as her body erupts in flames pouring from the demon's palm.

"ELIARA!!" the dwarf yells, hastily crafting a prayer of protection around the Queen. The demon takes the opportunity to land a solid blow on the King, who grunts in pain. But the flames sprouting on Eliara simmered down to nothingness, and while the elf appeared charred, she was still battle-capable and enraged.

Harsh guttural syllables break the sound of battle between the demon and the dwarf, as a black portal opens overhead from the cavern and eldritch spheres of arcane fire burst through in rapid swarm, each sphere hitting the demon one after the other.

King Loric raises his shield and deflects the blasts which come his way. The demon, however, is not so lucky. It utters anguished screams as its body takes the brunt of the attack. Sensing an opening, King Loric leaps and with a strength belying his bulky frame, soars through the air incanting "BY TYPHON'S MIGHT!" and lands a great slash on the demon's chest, the blue flames from his great blade searing the demon's heart.

The scent of a million rotting eggs fills the great cavern as the blue flames roar, devouring the demon's body in entirety until the fire dwindles down to a charred ashen shape of what used to be some great lord of the Baneful Depths.

King Loric stands, his haunches drooping down at the weight of his heavy axe, panting in exhaustion. He still felt the last dregs of battle rage. A tired Queen Eliara leans her blackened body against a huge rock outcropping. She winces and utters a small gasp of pain.

The dwarven King removes his gauntlets, and walks steadily to Queen Eliara. "Let me help ye with that, me Queen," he says, and holds the elf queen's head between his meaty hands. A soothing coolness radiates from the King's palm unto the Queen's skin. The sensation flows from her head, to further down her body, until it reaches towards her feet, like icy refreshment. Though still blackened, Queen Eliara's skin returns to perfect health. All that's left is a little soreness in her muscles. 

The Queen smiles warmly, thanking the dwarf. "I appreciate your healing, good King. You must thank Typhon in my behalf during your next prayers," Queen Eliara speaks graciously. King Loric nods wearily, as he incants the same healing prayer on his own body.

Eliara looks around and suddenly realizes that they were no longer in the fortress. "Where are we?," she asks.

"It looks as be we're in der Underdark, yer Grace," King Loric spoke. A soft, dim light permeates the cavern. In both the elf and the dwarf's eyes, it is more than enough to illuminate their surroundings.

Queen Eliara whispers a short incantation and a faint but brief spark sputtered on her forehead. "Yes, we are." she confirmed after some thought. "The demon must have teleported us to this place in its alarm from your attack."

King Loric's eyes widens. "But our troops! How do we go back?"

"I can bring us back there, my King," Queen Eliara replies. "I have a spell prepared which will teleport us back there. But the battle with the demon drained most of my energy. It will be awhile before I am strong enough to take us to the fortress."

"Our people must be in chaos without us der," the dwarf muttered. "And I di'n see any of papa snout's wee piggies with us. Could they still be fightin' our troops?"

The Queen nods, her eyes closed, the violet spark appearing again on her forehead. "It appears they vanquished the demon's minions, your Highness, but with much loss on our own folk. Fortunately, the generals we left behind took the battle over in our absence, otherwise it would have been a complete disaster. I am now communicating with one of my trusted apprentices, informing her where we are. I told her that we'll be back shortly as soon as we are strong enough for I to cast my magic. They will take care of cleaning up and coordinating with the garrison."

King Loric nods, closing his eyes and raising his palms skyward in supplication. A small sparkling fountain of blue emits from his hands, and the Queen's mystic senses sees the erection of an invisible protective sphere around their immediate area, as well as the summoning of Typhon's wyvern spirits to guard them from above. "That should be enough to give us a few hours of rest, my Queen, without bein' bothered by dem creeping nasties."

Queen Eliara looks around and takes stock of their immediate surroundings. She was glad to see a small spring a few paces from where they were, well within the sphere cast by King Loric. She walks over to the spring and dips her hands in the water, noting how icy it was. She cups the water and washes her face.

"With your pardon, my King, I must take off this charred dress and bathe the soot from my body," Queen Eliara says, as she starts removing her clothing.

"Err, what yer Grace?" King Loric asks, bewildered. He gasps as Queen Eliara casts her ruined dress to the ground, standing before him in all her natural glory. The queen is taller than the dwarf by a few feet. While she has an elf's height, the Queen's hips were wider than most. (There are rumors of human forebears among her ancestry). Eliara's flesh is a lovely olive-complexion, smooth and immaculate. King Loric's eyes fixates on her bosom, which though smaller than those of dwarven women, were still nicely rounded apple-sized teardrops tipped with dark brown and pebbled areolae. She turns and the gentle swell of the Queen's supple buttocks rise defiant against gravity. She has long and shapely legs, far smoother than any dwarf woman's. Queen Eliara turns around to face King Loric and the king gazes at Queen Eliara's smooth pubis, lined with a soft trail of wispy raven-colored down outlining the fleshy puff of the queen's flower.

King Loric realizes belatedly that he stared too long and looks sheepishly at Eliara's face. He is surprised by the Queen's laughter, which tinkles like small hammers upon a silver bell. "Oh my King, you are blushing! Have you never seen an elf clad in wind before?" she asks.

"Ahmm, never, yer Grace," King Loric confessed. "It's ehrmm... not the custom of my people to be... uh... quite free about der nudity."

The Queen laughs again. "I apologize if I scandalized you King Loric. Nudity is not taboo to elves. Please look all you want. You compliment me with your attention. For an old elven woman, it is good to know that my body can still attract the stare of a strong and virile warrior."

King Loric does a double take. Old? The Queen does not look a day older than a human of thirty years. Her beauty was caught between the lush flowering of a maiden and the delectable fruition of a matron who knew who she was and what she wanted. Her ice-blue eyes still gave a sparkle that belied its expressiveness. The elf's sanguine nose drew the eye to the pout of her coral pink lips. Her raven locks cascaded in waves past her shoulders.

"Old, my Queen? You certainly deceive my eyes, and I have lived past five hundred summers," the dwarf says, as he self-consciously brushes his hands on his bald pate and scratches the gray hair trimmed around it. His beard is a neatly-brushed mane of iron gray and silvery white, with long braids cascading down the ends of each moustache. His brown eyes however gave a merry twinkle realizing that he could lecherously stare at the Queen's naked body to his heart's content without offending the elf woman.

"I have lived thrice as long as you, o noble King," she says, as she crouches down on the icy water. Queen Eliara spares a small bit of her sorcery to heat up the cold spring. A purple light shines on the water and causes it to bubble and boil. Then the elf looks at the King. "Won't you bathe with me King Loric? You look so uncomfortable in your armor. There's no one around other than that kobold violating itself at the distance, but I doubt he is willing to risk his life to pierce your protecting sphere." (They both could hear the kobold's labored breathing and the slap of its fapping palms. Likely, the Queen's visage inspired it.)

King Loric chuckled, realizing that though dignified, the Queen's humor was as ribald as any lusty dwarf. The water did look inviting, but none more inviting than the sight of the bathing elf queen.

The King takes off his armor as well as the clothes underneath, until he was clad in only his loincloth.

The Queen coyly glances at the dwarf's direction. "How unlike a an elf's form and flesh is the dwarf's body!" she muses. The King was, in particular, a powerful male specimen, broad of shoulder, barrel of chest. His arms heavily muscled and matted abundantly with salt-and-pepper hair, like the rest of his body, except for his chest and his back, which are by a mat of white hair. His muscled pectorals are capped with a tight spot of very pink nipples. While nicely rounded, hard muscle seemed to lie beneath the generous curve of King Loric's belly. A lush trail of hair leads down from his stomach to the enticing depths of the King's loincloth where a sizable bulge protrudes. The fleshy tip of what appears to be the dwarf's fat cockstem peeks from underneath one of the leg openings. Loric's legs, while stout, are heavily muscled, hairy and lined with a number of scars.

"Do all dwarf men carry potatoes inside their breeches?" Queen Eliara giggles at the thought.

"Yer laughin' my Queen. Do ye find me body funny?" King Loric asks good-naturedly, giving his belly a rub, but understanding the cause of the elf woman's mirth. He makes his way to the water and sits beside the Queen.

"It's different from an elf man's body, my King, definitely, but no, I do not find your body funny. I'm just surprised to see that much hair," Eliara admits.

"Right, ye elves are as smooth as wee babes," Loric says, confidently reaching out to rub the Queen's shoulder with his calloused fingers. "How is it possible that the woman who was covered in gore would smell like lavender and apples?" he reflects, the Queen's scent permeating his nose. Beneath the perfume, there is also another more primal scent.

"Pardon my ignorance good King, but are dwarven women as hairy as dwarven men?" the elf asks.

"Hairy but not as much as a dwarf man's, which is like a mossy forest. A dwarf woman's is more like a wispy spring glade," King Loric answers, his hands rubbing the weary Queen's shoulders. "A dwarf woman's body is nice and lusty, something you want to come home... over and over to..." Loric whispered, "but I see now that an elf woman's body is like a mithril blade... smooth, exquisite" then kissing her shoulder, "...perfect..."

Queen Eliara giggles and sighs, "Are you invoking Typhon's healing, my King? Your hands feel like a blessing." She feels the pulse of her mons, crying out for more of the dwarf's touch.

"Har! No, yer Highness, tis but Loric's own magic hands. Speakin' o' which lass, none o' our vassals are around for miles around. I don't know about ye' but I'd really like to drop the formalities and call ye Eliara. Ye may call me Loric..." the dwarf answers as he leans closer to whisper in the Queen's ear, "Or ye ken call me daddy..."

Eliara rewards the king with a full throaty laugh. Loric guffaws in answer, but his hands digs in deeper into Eliara's shoulder blades. The elf moans in satisfaction. "Oh Loric..." she sighs, her loins in exquisite fire.

"Tell me lass," Loric whispers in her ear again, "have ye ever shagged a stout dwarf man?"

Eliara turns around, facing the dwarf. Her eyes holds an inner light. Loric gazes into them. A dwarf can mine those depths forever and never return...

"Have you ever slept with an elf woman, Loric?" she whispers. Her lips were pouty perfection, soft and sweet. The dwarf loves how the lips shape to mouth his name. If Typhon wills, she will be moaning it later.

Loric leans in closer, lips almost touching Eliara's. "I will now, lass.."

The two royals' lips meet sensuously, taking languid cadence to savor the taboo and sensations of each other's mouth, tongue and lips. Loric's moustache tickles Eliara's face but she enjoys its touch on her skin. The Queen's tongue was moist and soft like butter. The King's mouth suckles on them, lightly nipping her lower lip with the edge of his teeth.

Eliara's nostrils flare at his scent. She could smell the blood on his beard, and an earthy virile musk. It inflames her need to unquenchable fire. The elf's hands reach down to grasp the bulge of Loric's tumescent phallus underneath the water. "Let's go back to the ground," the elf whispers. "I crave for more..."

Loric growls, grasping the Eliara's legs and back with his hands and standing up, easily carrying the elf in his arms. He lays her gently on his dry cloak lying on the ground. Her flesh is soft and pliant to the King's touch. Oh, those dark brown nipples! The dwarf leans down and suckles on Eliara's small but supple breasts. The Queen tips her head back and whimpers.

Loric's hands slide down her smooth belly, a first for him. Dwarven women were all nicely rotund, but this too is a pleasant experience. He rubs her stomach in circles while Eliara slides her hand on Loric's abundant chest hair, relishing the feel. Her head bends down and nips at Loric's pink nipple.

The King's eyes opens wide. "GODS! No dwarf woman has done that for me before!" He nearly orgasms when Eliara suckles on his plump tit.

"Loric my love, you have too much clothes on," Eliara complains, tugging at his small-breeches. Loric removes it and the elf stares at his manhood. It is not as long as most of her elven lovers' cockstems were, but it stands hard and proud, with a purple tip breaching the folds of foreskin around the head. "Oh Gods, what a fat cock! And his balls are so plump and hairy!" the Queen thinks to herself. She grasps the dwarven treasure.

Loric's eyes widens again as the elf and kisses his tip and licks the length of his cock generously with her tongue. Eliara's lips trail a sticky thread from Loric's pre-come. "My Queen!" the King gasps. He moans as the pink tip of the elf's tongue touches his cockhead, and the Queen's mouth engulfs his broad frenulum. "MY QUEEN!" Loric gasps, startled as Eliara sucks his cockhead with force, her fingers cradling the hairy pouch of his testicles, scratching the underside with her fingernails.

The Queen takes more of Loric's length inside her mouth and firmly grasps the rest of the King's cock to masturbate it. The dwarf moans at the elf's oral prowess. She is more skilled than any lover he's had. Eliara lowers her head, struggling to swallow Loric's impressive girth until the dwarf's bushy gray pubic hair nestled on her nose. Then Eliara starts sucking. Forgetting that he is being serviced by a Queen, the dwarf grasps Eliara's hair tightly and pushes her down on his crotch. Startled, Eliara nevertheless breaths through her nose and enjoys the challenge, taking more precious time to suckle on her prize to the cadence of the dwarf king's groaning. 
