 When Lorna got home from work, she kicked off her shoes and stripped off her clothes as she always did. She worked as a manager at a local retail store chain. She made decent money though her husband, Roger was the major bread winner. Lorna only made about a fourth as much as her husband, but now that the kids were no longer home, she wanted to work. Her son, Tomas was finished with college and had moved away, and was already married. Her daughter, Helen, had just started to college this past year and was living there on campus. Lorna had gotten very bored with life these past few years.

So Lorna got a job, which she hadn’t had for many a year, and also did some charity work on the side. She kept herself busy, but she and Roger seemed to see less of each other with each passing month. But for the past few years, he hasn’t seemed very interested in her anyway, especially in the sexual department. Loran wondered if he was having affairs or had a young little thing on the side, but never saw anything to seriously suggest that. Maybe her sexual suspicions of Roger were just a byproduct of her own sexual needs. By which she meant she was going out of her mind horny.

Lorna had to grin at that thought, she did seem too be horny all the time, pretty much the whole day. Lorna even caught herself having to rub herself off a few times at lunch at her store, just to stave off her lusts. If something doesn’t change soon, I’m going to wind up jumping one of the young hotties at my store, Lorna mused to herself. Passing by the mirror, Lorna didn’t think she looked to bad. At 42, and after two kids, she was a bit plump. But most of it went to her large breasts and plump butt. She hardly had much of a tummy, nothing that hitting the gym again wouldn’t cure quickly. As she looked at her self, she couldn’t help but start to rub her nipples and feel her pussy start to get wet.

Just then Lorna jumped as she thought she saw something off to her side. She looked and even walked over to Rogers dresser, where she thought she had seen movement. “Hmmm nothing old Lorna, just your nerves, guilt at a little personal pleasure.” She said out loud to herself, finding the talking calming. Recently she had been noticing lots of things setting her off like that. She half believed the house was becoming haunted. Shaking such thoughts, she went into the bathroom to run a hot bath.

After the water was ready and very hot like she liked it, she climbed in. Lorna gave a gasp as the hot water played over her body, filling every curve of her form. Settling in and sighing, she thought about the past few days. At work she was starting to feel frustrated, mostly from lack of sex, and what? She just felt like she was missing something from life. She liked her job, and liked when she helped out in the community. But her home life was, well, very lacking. Her husband just didn’t seem interested, she had even thrown herself at him just a few nights ago. He had mumbled about being tired and left her to stew in her own juices. 

Thinking about her needs, Lorna decided she needed a little now. The warm water flowed between her legs, making her even more hot inside. She slid a hand down to cup her pussy as she rubbed a hand over her now erect nipples. Starting to get very horny, Lorna slid two of her fingers into herself and started humping her hand. Alternating between sliding the fingers in her pussy and rubbing her clit, as she pinched and pulled her nipples. Soon she felt her orgasm rise, and slid three fingers into herself, breaking the dam and entering her orgasm.

“Uhh…uhh…Ohh god! Uhhhhhhh!” She grunted as her cunt muscles clenched her fingers in orgasm. Biting her lip to stifle being too loud, she rode out her pleasure as she coated her fingers. As she started to calm down, she rubbed her breasts and took her fingers from her pussy and just slowly rubbed her clit, having after spasms. Finally reaching satisfaction for now, she dropped her arms and could now relax from a frustrating day. 

After draining the tub and drying off, Lorna pampered herself in the bathroom. She applied make-up, perfume , and styled her hair. She then went into her closet, and picked out the sexiest lingerie she thought she had. Now if Roger doesn’t want sex with me, he’s either having an affair or he’s gay, Lorna thought chuckling. She checked out how she looked in the mirror, she had a bustier on that raised her ample breasts into lots of cleavage. And she had also put on garters and stockings, with a pair of almost see through panties. Loran turned in the mirror, looking at the way he body played out in her view.

“Not bad if I may say so.” She said running her hands to cup her breasts, and then turned in the mirror and bent over showing her butt to the mirror. Lorna laughed as she stood up quickly, thinking she was becoming a bit of a sex fiend. That’s all she seemed to think of, and now she was dressing the part. “Well if Roger doesn’t want me tonight, I may just go and find myself some young stud” Lorna said to herself then chuckled, not really meaning it. Or did she? She had been thinking that very thing for some while now.

Roger should be home soon, and she figured to wait upstairs till she heard him come in. So Lorna sat on the their bed and turned on the TV they had the room, figuring to kill a few minutes. As she sat there, she really started to feel the outfit hugging her body. She laid back to ease up on some of the pressure. Then she propped up a pillow to continue watching the TV. Lorna found herself looking at her clad body more then the television. She found herself again wondering why Roger wasn’t that interested in her.

Lorna absent mindedly started sliding her hands over her outfit, and over her face. She was starting to feel hot again and her hands were feeling good over her body. She felt herself getting wet between her legs again, as she started to rub over her breasts. Lorna was almost thinking about pleasuring herself again when she heard the door close downstairs.

“Well I guess I can wait, though mister Roger better be in the mood to help me out.” Lorna said as she quietly opened the door and headed down stairs. When she reached the bottom of the stairs she thought she heard Roger in the kitchen. Entering the kitchen she saw Roger raiding the fridge for something. Lorna quietly walked up behind her husband and snuck her arms around his waist. He turned around and looked at his wife.

“Whoa, what’s going on?” Roger asked seeing Lorna’s outfit in confusion. Lorna smile fell a bit.

“Well if you have to ask, I guess Ill have to show you.” Lorna replied as she ran her hands over her husband chest and slid one hand to cup his groin. Roger gave a slight gasp.

“Lorna I’m sorry, but I’m not in the mood. I have a lot on my mind from work and I’m tired.” Roger said kissing Lorna quickly then looking at her. “Maybe later ok, I’m just not feeling up too it now.”

“Not feeling up to it? Listen Roger, Ill do all the work, you can just lay there ok. I really need too tonight.” Lorna said, pleading slightly. She ran her hands around her husband and gripped his butt.

“Lorna, I’m not feeling like it! Please understand, I’m tired and cranky from work. I just want to relax, ok.” Roger said raising his voice slightly, but not seemingly angry. But Roger noticed his wife now looked so.

“I’m tired too Roger. Tired of having to beg her husband to give it too her, and having to keep having to use my own hands to feel better. It used to not be like this. You used to try and have sex all the time with me. What’s happened these past few years. Don’t you find me attractive anymore?” Lorna said getting less mad and more sad. Roger put his arms around her.

“Honey I do find you attractive, its just….I don’t feel like have sex now. I’m tired and thinking about work. Its not you, its me. I just don’t want too honey.” Roger said trying to be gentle.

“Roger, do you have someone else on the side? I don’t understand how you could just not feel like it after wanting me for so long.” Lorna said feeling still a mad.

“Jesus Lorna, I’m not having an affair! We’ve talked about this before. I wish you would stop bringing it up! Why can’t you just leave it alone?” Roger said walking away from her, angry now. Lorna just starred at him, and after a minute he just turned and started to fix himself something to eat, avoiding her stare.

“Fine then.” Lorna said as she turned and walked away, heading back upstairs. When she got out of sight from her husband, she started crying as she walked to their bedroom. When she got inside, she locked the door, not wanting her husband too see her now crying. Lorna hugged her pillow as she sobbed. She wasn’t even sure exactly why she cried, from her needing sex, or her feeling her husband had stopped caring for her like he used to.

When she stopped crying, and lay there thinking about how they used to make love and have sex. Neither was an expert at sex, but both had been willing to try different things on the other. He used to love going down on her and licking her. And she did the same for him, sometimes even waking him that way. Didn’t he find her sexy anymore, she wondered. She started to feel that itch again between her legs. “Well if I want more relief, I guess I’m the only one that can provide it.” She told herself, starting to feel her hands over her body.

Lorna slipped down her pushup lingerie and exposed her breasts and nipples, rubbing bother hands over herself. Then sliding her right hand down, she entered her panties. Sliding her hand over her mound, she started to rub her clit. After a minute she reached down and lifted off her panties to her thighs, for easier access to her pussy. Reaching back down, Lorna slid two fingers into herself and with the other hand rubbed her clit again. She started to rub her clit faster wanting to come. She started to hump her groin up into her fingers as she felt herself getting close to orgasm. Then Lorna pushed herself over the edge.

“Hhoooo yes…yes. Uumm there…….aahhh…yyeesss!” She cried as she felt her muscles contract around her fingers and her hands become even wetter from her juices. In the middle of her orgasm she heard a crash in the room, and opened her eyes, but didn’t see anything, as her orgasm continued. As she felt herself coming down, she sat up, instead of continuing to rub herself as she usually did. Lorna looked around, wondering what she had heard. Then she noticed a family picture was knocked over.

Walking over to the picture, she picked it up and looked at it. The base was sturdy and its never fallen before, and nothing was leaning on it, she thought. She hadn’t felt the house shaking, or maybe she had a little bit, she mused. But this shouldn’t have fallen over from that.

“Hmm I wonder how it fell.” She voiced to herself out loud. Maybe the house is haunted, she was starting to half believe. She had been noticing a lot of little stuff like this. Last week, she could’ve sworn something had brushed her legs as she walked, but nothing was there. “I wonder what’s going on.” She again thought aloud. 

Lorna then decided she didn’t want to hang around the house with Roger. She wasn’t feeling very nice toward him and figured she would just argue more, so she decided to get out of the house. Maybe go to the mall or something. She went to the bathroom to clean her sex smells off her, and then started to get dressed in something more appropriate for outside. She then laughed thinking about going out in the outfit she had on. Then she thought about it for a minute.

“Why not. I can wear this on under more clothes, make me feel sexy.” Lorna told herself, feeling risky tonight. She then picked out a short skirt she hadn’t worn in ages, that showed a lot of leg and a blouse that she could button down to show serious cleavage. After she was dressed, she used her mirror to check herself. “More then your husband deserves little Lorna.” She told herself, smoothing out her clothes. 

“Maybe if Roger sees me going out like this, he might get jealous.” Lorna smile at that thought. Maybe then he’ll desire me more, knowing he’s not the only rooster in the roost, she thought. Grabbing a few things and filling her purse, Lorna headed down stairs. She heard the TV going in the living room as she passed, and saw Roger watching a baseball game. Baseball, he would rather watch baseball then ball me, she fumed.

“Roger, I’m going out, probably to the mall to shop. I’ll be back later.” Lorna said as she passed behind him on the couch and took her car keys. Roger turned before she was about to walk out the door, and saw what she had on.

“You’re going dressed like THAT? Why?” Roger asked standing up.

“Because I feel like it, because I want to feel sexy. Ill be back later, goodnight.” Lorna said as she closed the door behind her. She thought she heard Roger say wait, but she didn’t want to and got into her car. As she started it up and started to back up, she saw him open the door, but he stayed inside as she backed up. Lorna then pulled down the street, smiling as she thought that got his attention. When Lorna got to the mall, she figured she would enjoy herself and try and look to spend some serious money. Too bad the mall closed at nine, otherwise she could be out late, due to the fact she was off for the next two days from work.

As she walked in the mall, she couldn’t help but notice many of the males giving her the eye. She would turn her head and catch many still eyeing her after they had passed. Lorna flushed thinking so many men found her attractive, lots of them much younger then her. Well if she had wanted to cheat on her husband she could probably have a good selection, she thought with a smile. Just as she was walking up to a group of men that all seemed to be giving her the eye, her dress was BLOWN up into the air by the wind. All of the men’s eyes shot wide as they got a eye full of her see through panties. Some of the men started to wolf whistle at her as she used her hands to lower her dress and quickly walk away.

How in the hell did that happen, she thought, her heart beating a mile a minute. I’m in an enclosed mall away from any doors! She felt confused; maybe she had stepped over some kind of vent or some thing she didn’t see. But she also thought she had heard laughter before any of those men had started with their comments. Lorna really was not feeling in the mood for the mall now and left for her car. Looking back she didn’t see any of those men following her, though she did think they were just having fun at her saying the comments they had made. Maybe they had some thing rigged up to blow women’s skirts up as they passed, she figured. Lorna stopped, thinking she should go tell mall security about them and passed on it. She would feel a fool trying to explain, and embarrassed. 

Lorna got into her and drove away from the mall. She didn’t feel like going home just yet, but had to go some where else. She still was puzzled over her dress flying up, not sure how it happened, but now finding it very exciting. Thinking about it, her pussy was now wet, thinking she gave those men a show. Lorna decided, even though she hadn’t been for years, more without her husband, she would go to a bar for drink. Or maybe a few drinks, she thought, she felt she really needed them now. She thought about a bar not far from her store. Her fellow co workers often went there after work, and they had invited her a few times, though she never took them up on it.

She pulled up in front of the place after a short drive. She almost convinced herself to just go home, but after all the weird stuff today, she really wanted a few drinks. Getting out of the car, she smoothed her outfit, and then headed inside. She had forgotten how smoky these places get, not smoking herself, she wasn’t used to it. Lorna headed to the bar, and asked the bartender for a wine cooler. As she looked around she saw the place had a dance floor as well as a bar. As she was trying to down her first drink quickly, she noticed someone come up beside her.

“Lorna? Hey it is you.” Lorna turned to see who used her name and noticed one of the ladies from another department then hers, Kathy. She was a younger woman, about 28, who Lorna thought was very pretty.

“Hey Kathy, how are you?” Lorna asked, not expecting to meet people she knew. But remembered, her coworkers did come here a lot. Maybe deep inside she wanted to be with people she knew.

“I’m ok, just here with James, from sporting goods. You know the cute one.” Kathy said with a wink. “Hey you want to join us?” 

“Ummm sure I guess.” Lorna said, though not really feeling like joining them, but not thinking of a good reason not to. She got up and sat down at their table. James shock her hand and said “Hi”, not seemingly thrilled by the addition.

“You want to share some hunch punch?” Kathy asked her. “We were about to get a bucket.”

“What’s hunch punch? What’s in it?” Lorna asking, never hearing of a drink like that.

“That’s it, it’s a hunch. Comes in a plastic bucket and tastes great. You have to have a few people to drink it all, and will get you snonkered fast.” Kathy said loudly over the music with a big smile. Lorna shook her head yes. Kathy left the table and soon came back. Soon the waitress brought a huge half gallon bucket over their table that had six straws in it. She watched Kathy and James take a straw, and she did as well, taking a sip. It was very tasty, she could hardly taste any alcohol. Lorna started taking big gulps, liking the flavor, like a good fruit punch.

Soon Lorna found she was quite giddy, laughing at anything the other two said. When Kathy and James got up to dance, she absent mindedly drank the punch as she watched them and others. She felt like she was on the ocean, her vision going up and down. Then she could swear she felt something rubbing her panties. Lorna looked down and saw her dress was up to near her panties. How did it get way up there, she thought, as she tried to push her dress back down and her hand hit something. She felt something move between her legs and she jumped, but didn’t see anything. Several people were looking at her, and even Kathy and James came back to see what was wrong.

“I don’t know, I think I’ve drank to much. I’m imagining things. I had better call my husband to come pick me up. Boy is he going to be mad.” Lorna said sitting back down.

“Hey don’t worry, we can take you back home.” Kathy piped in. “We didn’t drink as much of that punch as you did, and it seems you can’t hold you liquor. Come on, James will drive you back in your car and Ill follow in mine.” Kathy said with a smile, though James seemed like he didn’t want to leave, but agreed. Lorna agreed, not wanting to call her husband, or leave the car behind. They both helped Lorna to her car, and James got behind the wheel. Then they pulled out of the parking lot.

“I want to tahnk you for this; I hate to impose on you.” Lorna slurred slightly at James. 

“Its ok, it not a biggie. Me and Kathy will probably go back after we drop you off.” James said patting her leg as if to comfort her. At his touch, without thinking Lorna opened her legs slightly. She was half asleep. James noticed her motion, and left his hand on her leg. Slowly james made his way up Lorna legs, expecting to have her say something to him. But instead, he only heard her moan softly. Feeling encouraged, he slid his hand up her skirt, and moved it aside as he pushed to her panties.

James gave a smile when he saw she was wearing see through panties as they passed through light from a streetlight, when they stopped at a red light. Feeling emboldened, James started to rub her pussy through the material, causing Lorna to moan even louder. James feeling very risky, raised his hand and slid it down her panties, and felt her pussy, which was sopping wet. He felt her open her legs much wider then, and she was moaned a soft “yes” as he started to slid a finger into her pussy.
