 Hello everyone, it’s been a long time since my last post. I couldn’t access my account to save my life. I Emailed Literotica many times… and nothing helped. Found out I had done it when I had set the amount and type of cookies entering my computer to HIGH security. The site didn’t like, so I had to set lower. But …I’m BACK! Hope you like the new story. I hope to have another story soon, but have been very busy in my life….so be patient. Well …good reading all.

Lorna got dressed in a summer type dress, very simple and plain. She had enough excitement for the day and just wanted to be plain old Lorna. She then climbed into the car and started off for Wilma’s house. She hoped she could find it easy; she had been by there only once. She was glad Wilma’s husband wasn’t going to be home, even though she liked him well enough. Wilma had been her friend for a few years; they met after she started at the store. Wilma and her would go out often after work and do things, either that or on their days off. Lorna thought that Wilma was a bit more attractive then herself. Even though Wilma’s new husband was white, she was black and Lorna was always attracted to the different ways Wilma saw the world. While Lorna HAD been very shy and proper, Wilma was very open and out going. Lorna smiled as she thought Wilma was a very loud type of person. I wonder how married life is treating her, Lorna thought. And as she drove she thought of all the crazy things Wilma, and to a lesser degree she had done together.

After awhile, Lorna started to recognize some of the streets and building land marks on the way to Wilma’s house, within a few minutes Lorna pulled in the driveway of her old friend’s house. As Lorna got out of her car, she saw her friend open the door and welcomed her in.

“Come in Lorna, you’re looking great. Have you been working out?” Wilma said, closing the door.

“If I look great, it’s from nothing I’ve done. Oh Wilma I’m in a mess. And to be honest, I don’t know how I can or what I should tell you. You’ll seriously think I’m crazy.” Lorna said as she started to break down and cry. Wilma moved to hug her old friend, and rubbed her hair with her hand.

“Now we’ve been good friends for awhile now, and you have never really had trouble telling me your problems. Is it Roger? You know I always thought he was a stuffed shirt.” Wilma said as she gave Lorna a big smile, trying to lighten the mood of her friend.

“I know, but this is well….strange. Seriously, it is.” Lorna said trying to stop crying so she could try and talk to Wilma. Wilma looked at Lorna and took her hands.

“Lorna, we are friends, good friends. You can tell me ANYTHING sweetie. ANYTHING, got that? Now what is it that has you so upset? Is Roger having an affair or something?” Wilma asked her. Lorna started to chuckle, then looked in her friends eyes.

“No, I am Wilma. But I had better start at the beginning I guess.” Lorna said as she took a breath.

“You are! Damn you go girl. I always thought some on the side would be good for you. But yes, start at the beginning. I want to hear all the juicy details.” Wilma said trying to make Lorna smile. She did.

“Well they’re juicy, just strange.” Lorna said. Then told Wilma about her and Roger, how things were pretty bad right now. With him not wanting sex at all, and both of them hardly seeing each other. Lorna tried to describe how horny she had been recently.

“I’ve never been this horny, I think about sex every waking moment. And even after…I ..well have several orgasms, I still feel horny. I’m horny right now. And I think that’s why I got myself into trouble.” Lorna said looking at her friend in a different way now. She had always liked Wilma’s big breasts, and she had a shirt on that showed some cleavage. 

“Well they say a woman hits her peak in her late 30s, maybe you’re hitting it now.” Wilma said trying to help her friend explain it away. “But hey when do we get to the good parts?” Wilma said, as Lorna smiled.

“Now I guess. I don’t now how to say this, so I’ll just try and get it out. For some while now, weird things had been happening to me. I would think I saw something then turn and nothing was there. Things would fall for no reason. The other day inside the mall, my dress blew up and for no reason. Many men saw me almost nude under my dress.” Lorna started to work up to telling her friend.

“And…….so. What does this have to do with anything?” Wilma said feeling lost. “Not that that isn’t interesting. Any of them give you their phone numbers?” Wilma said grinning.

“No silly. What I’m trying to say…..I don’t know what I’m trying to say. Argghh……. too hell with it, Ill just say it. A…fairy was doing all of those things. A sprite, a type of fairy I guess, least that’s what he said.” Lorna told her friend, seeing Wilma’s eyebrows rise, not believing what she was hearing. “Listen I’m telling the truth, I can prove it. See.” Lorna said, as she closed her eyes and concentrated and felt her body start to lift of the floor.

“AH shit! Oh my god!” Wilma shouted out, freaking out seeing her friend hovering two feet off the floor. “Lorna …how are you doing that? Jesus Christ girl, what….how?” Wilma trying to figure out how her friend was doing it. Lorna had a huge smile, almost laughing in fact. She liked shocking her friend. She concentrated again and settled back to the floor. Wilma twitched as she set back down, unsure of what to say.

“I told you, you wouldn’t believe me. I had to show you.” Lorna said to her. Wilma was shaking her head.

“Girl start from the beginning. I’m totally lost.” Wilma said, sitting back down on the couch. Lorna sat down next to her, and tried to think of where to start.

“Well it all started from those things I told you about, the things I noticed. But I thought they were just….I don’t know…stuff. I half thought it was a ghost.” Lorna said smiling, but Wilma waved her hand to get on with it. “Anyway, Yesterday I was super horny….you could probably fry a egg…you know...on my….you know...” Lorna said trailing off so her friend got what she meant. Wilma just grinned.

“Damn girl just say it. Your pussy wanted some meat. Nothing to be ashamed about.” Wilma said as she touched Lorna’s arm. Lorna giggled feeling embarrassed a bit. She never was one for trash talk much, but didn’t mind others doing so. She tried to go on.

“I came home and had to…well...finger myself. But I was still hot, and I was going to surprise Roger. I dressed up and, well…he wouldn’t have anything to do with it. I even accused him of having an affair.” Lorna said, feeling quite flushed, reliving some of the horniness she had then. Wilma shook her head.

“Hell Lorna, Are you sure he isn’t going gay or something, I mean damn girl, you’re hot looking. I always thought you were beautiful.” Wilma said to her friend. Lorna felt a bit taken aback.

“Really? I always thought you were the prettier of us two.” Lorna confided to her. Wilma muttered a thank you, and then waved her hand for her to keep on. “Anyway, we argued and I got really sad, and I get dressed up and left the house, pissed. I went to this bar and…kind of got drunk. And this friend from work and her…boyfriend drove me home. Or may I say he did and she took her car and followed. But anyway…he…he ...kind of fingered me while I was half out of it. I was so mad and confused. When I got inside Roger had left a note saying he was at a motel for a while, and I got more depressed…I uttered something like I thought about being dead. And then this voice told me not to think that. Well I freaked out, and it told me not to and then this …little …fairy…with wings appeared. He had been invisible and when he appeared he was nude, but like only 6 inches.” Wilma grinned.

“Honey 6 inches isn’t so bad. I had this one guy that was a lot smaller.” Wilma said trying not to laugh. Lorna did laugh.

“Not 6 inches down there. His whole body was about six inches tall. Well at first I was scared but he kept talking and I felt more relaxed. He said his name was Fep something, but too call him Fep. And that he was a fairy, a sprite to be exact. But he talked for awhile….and then he said he wanted to….make...love to me.” Lorna blurted out quickly blushing. Wilma got a surprised look on her face.

“Say what? A six inch man wanted to have sex with you. What was he going to do….he must have had like ….must of been this big.” Wilma said as she held her fingers about an inch apart. Lorna shook her head.

“I know that’s what I said, but he promised he would please me more then ANY man had ever done. And he also promised to give me the ability to fly and to turn invisible. You saw me fly, and I can turn invisible.” Lorna said, and she saw her friends face just get this huge shocked grin.

“So you did it with like a …” Wilma said, again holding her fingers apart. Lorna shook her head no.

“Wait let me finish. I did say yes. I was curious, about what he was going to do…how...well...he planned on pleasing me, and about what he said he would give me. But he then said to close my eyes, I did. Then he must of cast a spell or something, because then there stood a almost man sized…well …fairy. But he didn’t have wings now. Oh Wilma, I have to tell you…he was so…beautiful. Like those statues of Greek gods or something, but different. And his….his... his cock had grown as well. For his size...he was huge, Monstrous. And where ever he touched me…it was like…like…mini orgasms of electricity.” Lorna said, getting very horny thinking about how Fep had made her feel. Wilma could see her friend was getting worked up, and she was too, watching her friend get so emotionally into her story.

“Damn girl was it that good?” Wilma asked, hardly believing still half of her tale. Lorna looked at her with glazed eyes.

“Yes. Everywhere he touched me. I was coated with...well fairy glitter. See.” Lorna said, pointing to her arms, then rubbing her hands across her cleavage. Wilma was starting to get horny, not just by Lorna’s tale but the way she was acting.

“Everywhere?” Wilma asked her throat feeling dry now. Lorna knew where she was referring to.

“Yes everywhere, even here.” Lorna said as she raised her butt and pulled her dress so it was at her waist and pointed to her upper thighs and ran her fingers over her panties. “And even inside.” Lorna said, her fingers lingering over her now very wet panties. Wilma licked her lips and looked at Lorna. Lorna went on with her story.

“And his tongue….when he licked me here…” She again made a point to rub her panties. “It was like a constant orgasm. And when he finally entered me with his cock…it was like …nothing I can say can describe it Wilma. God I’m so hot thinking about it.” Lorna said as she rubbed her panties harder. Wilma was biting her lip watching her friend in the throws of telling her tale.

“Oh god Wilma…and when he came inside of me….it was huge. His cock grew much bigger. And his cum….there was buckets of it and it totally filled…ahhh...fill…me….oohh god Wilma!” Lorna cried out as she started an orgasm in front of her friend. Lorna’s head fell back onto Wilma lap as she continued to rub her panties. Wilma just watched in awe as her friend came, herself breathing heavy and feeling very horny. As Lorna started to calm down, Wilma came out of her state at watching her friend.

“Jesus Lorna that was….hot. watching you like that. So you had sex with a fairy, well where is he now? Can I meet him?” Wilma said with a huge naughty grin. Lorna began to laugh.

“Im not sure, maybe. But he said he had to be someplace and I would see him later tonight. But wait…I’m not finished. I’m feeling better now talking to you but, the reason I came over….I kind of screwed up. This morning, I was feeling so goddamn horny, I just couldn’t stand it. I got dressed up, sexy as I possibly could. Honestly looking back I probably looked like a hooker. Anyway….::sigh::..I went to my store and I didn’t know why. But I….invited John, you know that cute assistant manager…well I invited him to the back. And…well…we fucked our brains out.” Lorna said with a red faced smile. Wilma’s mouth just fell open when she heard this.

“Oh My God! You mean that blond hunk John, who works the front. I always wanted to try some of that. Was he any good, did he have a nice package?” Wilma asked, her pussy almost dripping now. Lorna got such a wicked grin; Wilma almost came just from the look.

“Oh Wilma he was really good. And his cock….it was…long and thick. He really filled me up.” Lorna said rubbing her panties more as she looked up at Wilma. Wilma seeing her friend again rub her panties and talking had worked her up too much, she had to get relief. NOW!

“Oh Shit Lorna, sit up I have to get off.” Wilma moaned as she raised up and slid off her jeans and panties at the same time. She immediately placed her finger at her pussy and started to furiously rub her clit and pussy lips. Lorna watched for a few seconds and couldn’t take it anymore. Lorna moved her hand over and touched her friend’s pussy, and Wilma’s eyes shot open and looked at her. Lorna looked at her and inserted two fingers into her friend. Wilma’s body jerked when she did.

“Oh God, Lorna finger me….I need to get off so bad. Fuck me honey…fuck me.” Wilma groaned as she felt Lorna fingers slide into her deeper. Lorna was totally mesmerized watching her white fingers slide into her friend’s pussy. She had a shiver run through her and an idea as well. Lorna quickly moved in front of Wilma and leaned over. Before Wilma realized her friend was there, Wilma felt Lorna’s mouth and tongue touch her pussy. Wilma shot off the couch fucking her hips up at her friend’s mouth.

“Hhhooo shit…oohh god Lorna….oohh..Im soo close girl…..hhooo….ooohh…….aahhhh….ahhhh..yes..yes…..
aaiiiiieeeee!” Wilma screamed as one of the biggest orgasms of her life ran through her body and ended totally at her pussy. Wilma’s hips stayed in the air as she humped her friends tongue and Lorna had a hard time breathing, but licked Wilma faster. “AAHHHHHHHEEEE!” Wilma screamed again as the final big wave racked her body and she fell limp, her body still having small spasms. When Wilma looked down at Lorna, Lorna looked up with a huge messy grin.

“Damn girl…if I had known you liked munching turf….we might have hooked up sooner.” Wilma panted out to Lorna, who shook her head.

“No I never did that before. Hell I’ve only given a few blowjobs up to yesterday.” Lorna said as she used her fingers and rubbed her friend’s clit softly. Wilma moaned, liking what her friend was doing.

“Well to tell the truth, neither have I. I’ve never licked another woman, I mean.” Wilma said. Lorna could swear she was blushing, but was hard to tell.

“Well, do you want to try on me?” Lorna said, spreading her legs for Wilma to see her pussy and running her fingers down its length. Wilma bit her lip and shook her head yes. Lorna was amazed, not that she wanted to lick her, but that she was speechless. She had never seen her friend quiet about anything. Lorna leaned in and quickly licked Wilma’s pussy again, sending a shiver into her friend. She then moved onto the couch and opened her legs, as she watched Wilma slowly kneel down and look at Lorna’s pussy. She watched Wilma for a minute then reached forward and took her friends head, and guided it to her bush.

Wilma sat there and took in her friend’s pussy and caught the heady scent, unlike hers. She slowly and softly leaned in and quickly used her tongue on the area of her clit. Lorna moaned slightly and Wilma was struck by the taste. It was less musky then her own and sweet. All reservations faded as she moved her mouth and lowered it and started licking all over Lorna’s slit and clit. Lorna moaned and started to pant, liking what her friend was doing. She also liked the contrast between her skin and Wilma’s. But she felt like she wanted more.

“Stop…for a ..minute Wilma.” Loran said between pants. Wilma stopped but gave her a what’s up look, then guessed as Lorna got on the floor with her head near Wilma. Lorna grinned up at her friend. “Now we can both have a bite to eat.” Lorna said, flicking her tongue out of her mouth. Wilma moaned as she moved and straddled her head. Even before Wilma leaned over, she felt Lorna start to devour her pussy and felt a finger slide into her at the same time. She had to brace herself and ride out the waves of pleasure as they swarmed her, before lowering her own mouth to her Lorna’s pussy.

As Wilma started to lick Lorna clit, they both moaned at the same time pleasuring each other. Lorna wanting to get Wilma off first, placed her mouth over her friends slit and sucked as well as licked, as a finger quickly rubbed over her clit. Lorna got as she wished, because Wilma’s pussy clenched her tongue and her pussy got much wetter as she started to cum. Lorna lapped away at Wilma’s slit, drinking every drop of her juices, wanting more as she stuck her tongue as far as she could inside her. Wilma groaned deeply into Lorna’s pussy, Lorna was driving her crazy. As she calmed down she lifted up out of Lorna pussy and looked at her.

“Damn girlfriend…..or should I say lover…..I hope I can get you half as good.” Wilma smiled at Lorna. Lorna humped her pussy up to her friend.

“Then for god’s sake try then woman….I’m about to burst.” Lorna moaned at her. Wilma raised an eyebrow and grinned.

“Well if you’re gonna get sassy with me girl…I might as well lick it up.” Wilma said and quickly drove her mouth back to Lorna’s pussy, and licked it with fervor. Lorna moaned loudly, feeling her friends renewed vigor of pussy licking her. Wilma teased Lorna’s clit with her tongue as she playfully ran her finger just inside her friend’s lips. Loran started to go wild with need for real pressure from Wilma. 

“God Wilma…..harder…I’m trying to get off….that’s just making me hotter. Dammit woman…I need to cum soo baaddd!” Lorna begged of her friend. Wilma just smiled.

“Well maybe that’ll teach you to sass me, but if you really want to get off…..here.” Wilma said as she slid in three fingers and quickly and hard pressed her tongue to rub Lorna’s clit. Lorna had an immediate reaction.

“Oh God…that’s it Wilma…ohh..yyeess…that’s it….close…so close…..uuhhhh….uuuhh…hhaaaaa……UUHHHHHHAAAAAAA!” Lorna cried out as her body shot upward and came. She grabbed Wilma’s head and mashed her friends face into her pussy hard. Wilma continued to lick and then even softly bit Lorna’s clit. “IIIIEEEEEE!” Lorna cried out again feeling that, as she wreathed around in agonizing pleasure on the floor. Wilma’s mouth was almost overfilling on Lorna’s juices, as they gushed into her mouth. Wilma’s mouth and nose, as well as Lorna complete rear were coated in her juices. But Wilma couldn’t get enough of the sweet tasting nectar she was licking from her friend and Lorna had to push her head back to get her to stop.

“God Wilma…enough. I’m tuckered out, lady.” Lorna said as she laid back and flopped to the carpet. She felt her ass was a bit sore, and started to laugh. “Oh shit, I’ve got carpet burns from moving my ass. Damn I’m going to be sore later.” She said still laughing. Wilma laughed looking at her butt.

“Yea your husband is going to think you’ve been fooling around, which you have, you naughty lady.” Wilma said with a smile. Lorna got a serious look then relaxed after a few seconds.

“In order to see the evidence he would have to want to see me naked, which he hasn’t been. So I’m safe.” Lorna said as she moved up and put her arms around her new lover. “Ummm I wish we had done this earlier, we could’ve been having fun this whole time.” Lorna said as she leaned in a kissed Wilma. Wilma was a bit hesitate, not thinking herself a lesbian or such. But considering what she had just done, relaxed and enjoyed Lorna’s kisses. Lorna broke the kiss as she rubbed her hand along her friends face. Wilma leaned into her hand and closed her hand, her emotions really running amok. Then she jerked up and had a thought.
