 Whew! It took far too long to complete this part of the story, but I hope that if you are reading this that you do enjoy the story. Due to the plot line I had in my head and heart, this part has little to do with a fantasy setting (though later parts will have plenty…trust me!) So please bear with me with the story…it will get back to the fantasy theme next chapter, I promise. I also hope to surprise the skin off some of the readers with what’s coming, and I will have it out as soon as work, life, and finger cramps allow. But in the meanwhile…happy reading!


Lorna awoke to the sun peeking into her bedroom window through a break in the curtains. Her eyes opened slowly as she looked at the dim light coming in through her blinds. She stretched her arms and her body and felt her leg bump into someone. For a second she thought it was her husband, Roger, then remembered it was Wilma, her long time friend now lover. She then recalled their night together after Fep had left, remembering they had indeed found things to do that didn’t include the sprite. Lorna smiled to herself, as she recalled they had finally collapsed in exhaustion and slept. She continued to look at her new lover and smiled to herself even more, feeling very content.

Lorna then thought of her husband, and what she was going to tell him, about Wilma…or Fep for that matter. How could she explain about her new fairy lover, hard enough to explain about Wilma she thought, but at least Wilma is human. Lorna sighed to herself, and then decided to get up out of bed, now being unable to sleep more. Let Wilma get some more sleep, even if I can’t, she thought. Lorna quietly picked up a robe and left her bedroom, closing the door on the way out. She then walked downstairs to the kitchen intending to get a bite too eat, suddenly quite hungry. Lorna grinned to herself.

“You should be hungry…the only things you’ve eaten in the past twelve hours or so weren’t exactly food.” Lorna said, chuckling to herself. So Lorna entered the kitchen and proceeded to look through the cabinets and fridge, to see what she could cook this morning. She was almost dancing at the way she now felt as she moved through the kitchen, laying out what she wanted to make. When she had collected all she wanted and looked at the counter, she began to laugh. On the counter was enough items and food to feed ten people for breakfast…and it was just her and Wilma when she awoke, Lorna thought. But Lorna kept everything out, feeling ravenous after the long night of torrid sex with Fep and Wilma. Somehow she knew that Wilma and she could finish most if not all of what she had laid out before her. Eggs, bacon, toast, ham, stuff to fix pancakes…Lorna smiled, wondering if she should quit her day job to be a short order cook. She smiled as she began cooking, her stomach growling, as if she hadn’t eaten in days.

Soon Lorna was starting to set the finished foods on plates and tried to keep them warm as she continued coking. She caught herself many times eating much of a certain batch of a particular food and having to cook more…and she still felt famished. Soon she was almost finished fixing all of what she had laid out and even with her partaking of her cooking before it hit the plate, here was still more then enough food for her and Wilma…under normal conditions she thought….but then she guessed these weren’t “normal” conditions. Just as she was almost finished cooking the last of the pancakes she heard Wilma enter the kitchen, behind her.

‘Umm….I knew I smelled cooking going on. What’s for breakfast sugar?” Wilma asked Lorna as she came up behind her friend and wrapped her arms around Lorna as she embraced her. Lorna felt Wilma hands as they wrapped around her, one came to rest on one of Lorna’s breasts and the other kept moving until it was sliding up and down slightly over Lorna’s crotch. Lorna moaned as her head, leaned back onto Wilma’s shoulders and she smiled.

“Not this food if you keep that up Wilma….behave, at least until we eat….FOOD that is!” Lorna hastily put in as she saw Wilma flash her teeth past her beautiful lips. Wilma leaned over and kissed Lorna, and they shared their mouths before Lorna started to smell burning pancakes.

“Shit Wilma…ahh burning….oh you’re too big a distraction….go sit at the table till I’m through.” Lorna said as she again tended the stove. Wilma chuckled as she walked over to the dinning table off of the kitchen and sat down, smiling at her friend.

“I’m sorry…it isn’t only the stove in here that’s hot you know.” Wilma said as she teased Lorna. Lorna smiled as she watched the last of the pancakes cook.

“You know these burnt ones are yours you know…you made me burn them.” Lorna said playfully.

“Hey…I thought you were the one that likes to eat things that were dark…” Wilma said a grin on her face. It took Lorna a second to fully realize what her friend meant, and then Lorna picked up a piece of bacon and jokingly flung it at Wilma. Wilma broke out laughing as the bacon flew by her to hit the wall. “Things that are dark, hot and wet…” Wilma continued as she again laughed even more. Lorna glanced back at her.

“You know I do…but these pancakes are still yours. You hungry this morning?” Lorna asked as she emptied the frying pan onto another plate, already filled with pancakes. Wilma now fully took in all that Lorna had cooked and her eyes widened.

‘Yes…but I wasn’t THIS hungry. We expecting company….or are you just expecting? Is this some kinda sign of pregnancy or something?” Wilma asked teasingly. Lorna smiled at her as she brought more plates over from the counter to sit on the table.

“As much cum as Fep has left in me these past few days…I wouldn’t doubt it. But he said that was impossible and all…so Id say not. I’m just famished; it feels like I haven’t eaten in days.” Lorna said as she sat at the table and began putting huge portions onto her plate. Wilma also began filling her plate…though not quite so high as Lorna’s.

“Well I must say, I am hungry, though I hope you don’t get sick today with as much as you’re going to try and eat there. Speaking of today…have you wondered what you’re going to tell Roger? You gonna tell him bout you and me…or Fep?” Wilma asked as she began eating. Lorna looked at her friend, unable to tell her, due to the fact that she herself was unsure of what her intentions were.

“I…I don’t know. I think I’m going to wait and see how later today plays out…after he gets home. Hell, I’m not even sure what I should tell him about that first night after the fight…I need to think.” Lorna said as she immediately began eating again. Wilma watched her friend for a minute, and then softly began laughing. Lorna looked up from eating and gave her a puzzled look.

“What’s so funny?” Lorna asked, her mouth still full of food, which caused Wilma to laugh harder. Lorna gave her a dirty look, guessing now why Wilma was laughing.

“I’m sorry; it’s just funny to me…how much you’re eating. I’ve never even seen my husband eat that much, that fast…and you know how much he likes his food.” Wilma said as Lorna stopped and put down her fork and looked at her friend.

“Hey, I can’t help it…I’m famished here. It must be all of the sex, even after all that I’ve eaten, my tummy still feels empty.” Lorna said, feeling a bit defensive now. Wilma smiled at her and reached out her hand to her friend, which Lorna took as her friend squeezed it and smiled at her.

“Hey, maybe you are pregnant…would you want another child, especially one with pointy ears?” Wilma said with a smile, though Lorna knew she was being serious. She smiled back at her friend

“Yeah, I can name him Spock. I had better not be…Fep said he couldn’t make us pregnant.” Lorna said as a sudden wave of concern washed over her.

“Well, it wouldn’t be the first male to lie to a woman to get into her panties, but somehow I think he was probably right.” Wilma said as she began eating again. Lorna frowned at her.

“You’re a big help….imagine having a child with pointy ears…what would Roger say?” Lorna said as she began to grin at Wilma. Wilma began to giggle at the thought of the very stiff necked Roger, holding a half fairy child. They both began to laugh as they both wondered at the image of that situation. Lorna began eating again, but Wilma pushed her plate back, having finished what she had put on it.

“I’m full sugar, I’m going to go ease back on the couch and rest my full belly for awhile. Hey look…I’m pregnant.” Wilma said with a smile, as Lorna looked at her friend pushing her stomach out and acting like she was with child. They both laughed again, and Wilma stood back up as she walked over to her friend. Wilma then bent over and kissed Lorna on the lips and rose back up. “When you’re done come join me…ok.” Wilma said in a suggestive voice.

“Don’t worry I will Wilma… in just a bit.” Lorna said as she continued eating. Wilma chuckled at her friend, amazed she could be eating so much today, as she walked into the living room. Lorna heard the TV come on as she finished her second plate of food, and started to join Wilma in the living room. Lorna then stopped and noticing the remainder of the food left…began filling out yet a third plate. But soon she had quickly finished this last plate and saw there wasn’t anything left to eat. Finally she felt contented and pushed herself back from the table as she rose out of the chair. Surprisingly her stomach didn’t look bulged out; neither did she feel too full. She smiled to herself, thinking there goes what’s left of my figure, as she walked from the kitchen into the living room. Cleaning can wait, she thought to herself.

When Lorna entered the living she immediately saw the TV and Wilma as she was sitting on the couch her back to Lorna. Lorna noticed Wilma had it turned to one of the adult channels they got and smiled at her friend/lover. Lorna saw a very intense scene on the TV between three females as they had their way with a man and partook in each others company.

“Watching porn huh?” Lorna asked sarcastically as she walked into the room, toward her friend, intending to seat herself next to Wilma. But as she rounded the corner of the couch she saw Wilma had her shorts pulled down to her knees and wasn’t wearing panties….but more importantly, Lorna saw that she had both hands between her legs, one rubbing her clit and the other was at her pussy lip, busily inserting three fingers inside herself. Lorna gave her a small gasp then a smile as Wilma looked up at her as she came into view.

“Umm humm….care to join me…or just watch?” Wilma said as her breathing came to her in gasps. Lorna stood there and knew that her friend was close to an orgasm. Lorna watched as Wilma began rubbing her fingers even faster over her clit and pushed her other fingers deeper inside herself.

“I think I’ll watch for a bit…its better then any TV program.” Lorna replied as she untied her robe and let it drop to the floor. She then started rubbing down the front of her pubic hair as the bottom of her fingers softly touched the top of her clit as they moved back and forth through her bush. Lorna gasped aloud as she watched Wilma looking back at her, Wilma’s fingers being thoughly coated with her own juices as she rubbed and finger fucked herself.

“You like…hhuu….watching me….fucking myself….mmmm?” Wilma moaned out to her friend. Lorna began rubbing her own pussy now as she stood and watched Wilma getting closer to cumming.

“Oh Yes…I do…hhmmmmm….its fucking hot!” Lorna said as she moved over to the coffee table and sat on it, then turned her body to face Wilma, so that they could both watch each other as they fingered themselves. “You like?” Lorna said, as she watched her friends face.

“Shit ya….oohh god….uuhh…oohh god Lorna….uuhh….ooohhh….ssooo close…uuhh…uuhhhhh….aarrgghhhh!” Wilma grunted as she jammed her fingers inside herself and felt a gush of cream as her body came. Wilma humped her ass off the couch where she sat as her legs jerked and her body spasmed, at the same time she jammed her fingers deep inside herself, almost sliding her entire hand into herself as she came. Lorna watched in heated excitement as she viewed her friend cumming without her assistance. And as Wilma sat her butt back onto the couch and started to calm her breathing, Lorna felt her body slide into familiar territory. She quickly rubbed her slit faster, as she pushed herself over the edge and began her own orgasm.

“Oh Wilma…I’m…there...hhaa…ahhh….uuuhhhhh!” Lorna groaned out as she furiously rubbed her pussy as she felt her body begin its orgasm. Wilma shook of the last of her fuzziness at her own orgasm to watch her friend.

“Ohh yes, Lorna cum, cum!” Wilma chanted out as she lowered her legs and watched even closer her friends hand as she rubbed her clit and pussy, furiously. “Uh…ahhhh…..URRGGHH!” Lorna screamed out as her orgasm hit a high spot and she just collapsed down on the table, almost falling of it and having to pull a hand from her crotch to steady herself. Wilma also reached out to grab her friend when she saw that Lorna had almost slipped. Lorna began to laugh at the incident.

“Oh god that was good, but maybe we should just stick to helping each other out….doing solo seems a bit dangerous.” Lorna said as they both chuckled softly together.

“Helping out huh…like this?” Wilma said as she moved her hand to cover Lorna slit and began using her thumb to rub over Lorna clit. Lorna moaned aloud as she felt her friend beginning to masturbate her. “Or maybe you mean a helping tongue…” Wilma said and quickly lowered her head and began to lick over Lorna’s clit.

“Oohh yeahh….that’s definitely better…ooh god Wilma!” Lorna moaned out as she ran her finger over her friend’s curly black hair. Lorna was just really starting to feel like she might be cumming again soon, when the phone rang. Wilma paused, but Lorna shook her head no. “Let the…uuhh…machine pick it up…mmmmm.” Lorna said as she looked over at the phone hen back to Wilma. They continued as they heard the machine pick up the call.

“Hey Lorna…it’s me, Roger…you home honey?” Lorna heard the voice on the machine and immediately put her elbows under herself, to rise her body up.

“Oh shit….help me up Wilma, I should probably get that!” Lorna said as Wilma offered her hand to help Lorna up off the coffee table.

“Well…ok…um I just wanted to call and…” Lorna heard from the machine just as she picked up the phone off the recharger.

“Roger…Roger it’s me!” Lorna said as she quickly put the phone to her ear. She was panting quite hard from the sexual activity and her quick rush to the phone.

“Hey, I was afraid I wouldn’t catch you. Why are you breathing so hard?” Roger said over the phone…he could easily hear her panting over the phone. Lorna stood for a second before answering as she looked at Wilma and shrugged her shoulders.

“Mmm, I had to run from...the other side of the house almost to pick up the phone. I’m just a bit winded. What’s up…you still coming back home today, aren’t you?” Lorna said as Wilma came up to her on the phone and put her ear to Lorna’s, so that she could hear the conversation. Wilma grinned as she moved her hand over Lorna’s bare ass and ran her finger between Lorna’s ass cheeks. “Yaaaa…stop it Wilma!” Lorna screamed out at her friend, but also into the phone.

“Ouch…what was that about?” Roger said over the phone, his ear having gotten Lorna’s scream full on and now his ear was ringing. Lorna gave Wilma a dirty look as Wilma brought the same finger she had used to bugger Lorna to her mouth and sucked it deep into her mouth. Lorna smiled and almost started laughing as she watched her friend playing around.

“Oh nothing Roger…Wilma was just…trying to tickle me as I talked to you.” Lorna said as she grinned at her friend and playfully stuck out her ass toward her friend and raised her eyebrow at Wilma. Wilma playfully looked shocked and then smiled as she pointed to her tongue, then at Lorna’s ass. Lorna had to hold back more laughter as she shook her head yes.

“Oh is she still there, I was hoping she would be…you said she would be there for a few days.” Lorna heard Roger say over the phone as she watched Wilma kneel behind her and she stuck out her butt.

“Oh you were…why?” Lorna said as what Roger said got her attention. She now remembered what Wilma had said yesterday about Roger and wondered if it was true.

“Well I kind of thought we could all go out to an early dinner tonight, I’m going to be getting off soon.” Roger said as Lorna felt Wilma’s moth make contact with her butt and begin to lick her asscheeks and even the crack. Lorna also felt Wilma bring a hand up as Lorna felt her friends hand as it began to rub over her slit.

“Umm…so will I.” Lorna muttered as she thought about Roger coming home.

“Huh? I said I’m coming home in a bit. I should be home by 2:00 or 2:30 at the latest, instead of 3:30 like I normally am.” Roger said as Lorna really heard him and she pulled herself out of the moment to listen.

“OH…ok, you’re going to be here in a bit…oh…ok.” Lorna said as she closed her legs and looked back at Wilma, putting her finger over her mouth, to try and make sure Wilma didn’t say anything. “So…what time is it now?” Lorna asked her husband, really not knowing, because she and Wilma hadn’t been watching the clock.

“Its 12:30 Lorna…are you sure your ok?” Roger asked her, thinking it was weird that she didn’t have a good idea of the time. “So is it ok if we all go out for dinner then?” Roger asked before she could answer the last question.

“Yes, it should be. No Wilma and I were just not watching the clock…we’ve been kind of fooling around at the house.” Lorna said as she tried not to laugh over the phone and Wilma was actually stunned for a second at Lorna’s remark and had to move away from the phone to laugh. But Roger didn’t catch the hidden…or not quite so hidden intent in the comment.

“Ok good then Lorna. Alright see you in a bit then.” Roger said over the phone.

“Ok love, kisses till you get home. We’ll be ready to go when you get here, or should be shortly after.” Lorna said, as she thought about what she could wear.

“Ok bye sweetie, see you soon.” Roger said as he hung up the phone. Lorna then put the phone back down and smiled as Wilma broke out laughing even more. Lorna then remembered she had to clean the kitchen, which was a mess. Then she thought they only had an hour or so…then get cleaned up themselves if they were to go out with her husband.

“Shit Wilma, we need to clean the kitchen.” Lorna said as she turned too walk toward the kitchen, but Wilma lightly grabbed her shoulder.

“Hey, I didn’t hear what all Rog said…something about going out?” Wilma said as she looked at her friend.

“Yes and he’s going to be home early. Shit, I didn’t think it was past twelve already. Come on lets get the kitchen cleaned up. He said he might be here at 2:30 or so….we got to hurry. OH SHIT…I forgot…the bed is totally a mess!” Lorna said as she looked at Wilma. Wilma started chuckling at her friend as she was being quite frantic.

“So what, we’ll just make the bed Lorna.” Wilma said with a smirk on her face.

“Oh sure, just make the bed….its got fairy fuck juice the entire length of the bed sheets Wilma! Come on…please tear the bedding off of it real fast and throw them in the washer…please?” Lorna said, not believing she had let the bed go after the other night. If Roger had come home earlier, he might have seen two nights of wild fucking, with the beds sheets the canvas for the spewed juices, she found herself thinking. Then she smiled and began chuckling, thinking her mental description quite humorous. She watched Wilma’s still naked form as she climbed the stairs to get the sheets off the bed to wash. Lorna then headed into the kitchen.

Lorna groaned as she saw the kitchen. She had forgotten how big of a mess she had made and wondered how she was going to clean it all in time. She had used a lot of her pans and plates while cooking and eating. And the mess on the counter and stove….shit Lorna, you made a mess and a half, she thought to herself as she started to soak the pans for a minute so they would clean up in the dishwasher. After a few minutes she heard Wilma enter the kitchen behind her.
