 Lorna was fast asleep, floating in a dream world, covered in the leftover sweat and juices of that nights revel. Her breathing softly purring in contentment, the sleep of sated sexual activity, held aloft in the thought that after waking she would find again the arms of her husband and her now lover, Wilma. But in her dreams, a buzzing annoyed her, like a gnat or fly and soon she flew toward sleepy wakefulness.

"Lorna, Lorna, dear sweet lass. Awaken." Lorna, heard someone say softly into her ear, she tried to ignore the interloper and continue with her sleep. "Ah, I wish I could let ye be lass, but we be needed else where. Ye need to come with me, for we have far to go till morn. Lorna awake." She heard again, still softly, but more insistent. She opened her eyes slits and looked out.

"Fep, what are you doing here, it's still dark. I was asleep." She told him as she started to throw her sleep back. She then sat up and quickly looked over at the others in bed with her. "Fep, my husband...!" Lorna whispered urgently, but the small sprite shook his head.

"Ah Lorna, he would sleep for many a long hour yet, no matter if ye scream and toss him from the bed. I have cast a spell on both him and the dusky hued lass." The fairy told her and Lorna again looked at the other sleepers.

"Why?" Lorna asked him, wondering why he needed too...or her at this hour. "You could have left Wilma..." She started to say.

"Nay, I canna do that. She might know of me but what we must do tonight is for ye alone. No others." He told her simply. She stared at him, still feeling groggy.

"Ok, so what's so important that we have to get up and out this early? Or did you just wake me wanting..." She implied as she moved back the covers and ran her hands over her bare body. Fep laughed softly.

"Na,na...though that is tempting Lorna. No, we must be going...honestly lass, or I wouldn't be here tonight." He told her and she sighed with a smile, but she did rise out of bed and stretch her naked form.

"Fine, but this is all strange, this cloak and dagger stuff. What have you got up your sleeve my little man?" She asked him playfully. "Ok, not so little..." She amended teasingly, as she lightly toughed the small fairies penis. He laughed again, and took flight, hovering near her face.

"Ah, that we had time me lady, but we must away. Are ye ready then?" He asked her and she laughed.

"Only if I don't need clothes, I need to get dressed..." She started off saying.

"Na, the way ye are now is fine, no dress is good where we are going...trust me." He explained to her and she looked at his questioningly.

"I'll be cold in the buff." She told him, but he shook his head.

"I'll keep you warm lady, trust me." He explained and took her hand.

"But what about..." She started to ask, but noticed he was muttering quietly to himself and then she felt an incredible funny feeling. Part dizziness and part exaltation as her world grew bigger and her feet left the ground as she started to rise. But she then concluded that she wasn't rising so much as shrinking and that Fep was holding her aloft, though she didn't feel the least bit of weight on her now tiny hand or arm. "Oh my god! Fep, I'm tiny...what did you do?" she exclaimed, seeing her bedroom as something from a movie, surrounding her on all sides, it felt unreal and she had to close her eyes from being sick. 

"It will pass, but now I am gonna too move us out the open window, and on the journey, so don't be afraid." She heard him explain and then felt soft air rushing over her nakedness. The motion and the air calmed her nerves and her queasy feeling faded. She slowly opened her eyes...quickly shutting them again. They were flying very quickly, and close to the tree tops and again Lorna felt sick and fearful, and she grabbed his body, no longer content with his hand alone. She heard him chuckle.

"Fep, I'm scared!" She screamed as she gripped him tightly her legs wrapped around his and now she had the mental picture of her clinginess causing they to fall from the sky, but she was too afraid to let hold of her grip.

"I think ye need something to distract ye me lady." She heard him say, and shortly after Lorna felt his fingers as they started to rub over her bare slit.

"Fep, this isn't the time for that!" she muttered loudly, but felt her body responding too his touches, her legs opened on their own accord and her pussy began to flow with juices. "Fep we're flying..." She reminded him.

"Aye we are lass." Was all he said as she felt his fingers start to penetrate her body. She gasped as he went deeper into her and her legs slid further up his too open herself more for his manipulations. 

"Oh Fep, that feels so good." She murmured aloud, not now caring that they were flying at a high rate, or where they were going. Now with what the fairy was doing to her, the rushing air and sense of flying only heighten her experience, causing her to quickly orgasm. "Oh Fep...oh god...oh, oh, oh...ahhhh myyy goooooddd!" She screamed out as wind rocked her hair and the winged fairy continued to finger her wet pussy. Working her hips as she came, trying to get more of his fingers inside herself, she saw stars at the sensation overload and quickly passed out in he small creatures arms. Some minutes later as she stirred herself awake, Fep chuckled.

"Ye ok lass, I thought I might have to sit us down to check on ya." He told her teasingly. The continuing wind rushing across her woke her yet more. She felt his finger's still inside her, though they were still and no longer moving. She leaned her head into his small chest and grinned as she slowly worked her hips down on his fingers. "Ahh, ye want more then?" He asked her and she nodded. "I think I can give ya something more then me mere fingers." He said with a smile and she felt him withdraw his fingers and quickly replace it with something much, much larger...his fairy cock. "Here comes me shillelagh lass." He said and she felt him start to slide it forward.

"Oh my god, I always forget how huge it is...like giving birth!" She hissed out as he reached yet deeper into her with his member. "Oh Fep, oh my god!" She grunted out as he pushed it to the hilt into her. "Oh god, oh god!" She moaned out as her body contracted in mini orgasms. "Faster love, fuck it to me faster, you're hardly moving." She moaned out, wanting an Earth shattering orgasm with which she had become accustomed when he fucked her.

"I would Lorna, but even I have me limits. If I were to give it too ye harder I might drop ya." He told her and she responded by clenching him tighter with her arms. He laughed. "Ah, do not worry, we'll soon be there." 

"Yes, but I'm so horny." She told him, still holding him tightly.

"Ah, somehow I have ah thought that will be abated soon lass." He muttered aloud, continuing his slow, but steady pace with his hips. She looked at him and sighed.

"Guess it's up to me then." She whispered softly and began trying to work her hips back and forth, stirring the fairy's cock in her juicy pot. In a few minutes she had worked herself close to another orgasm. "Just hold me...I'm close!" She moaned out as she bucked against his hips.

"I have ye." Was all he told her, a huge grin on his face as she started bucking violently against him trying to reach the peak as she panted and gasped.

"Oh yeah, almost..." She growled out as she her loins fly against his and tumbled her over the edge. "Oh god, yes...yes...OHHH FFFUUCK YEESSSS....AAAAHHHHHHHH!" She screamed as her hips worked at superhuman speed and fly over his muscle that was buried deep inside her as she came around it. The fairy clenched her tighter, making sure she didn't slip from him and grinned down at the sexual beast before him as she grunted out in primal lust. After a minute her body went limp and she let her grasp go and he held her yet tighter as she slipped again too unconsciousness. He smiled again as held her, then seeing his destination, he moved too it and softly landed. He laid her down onto the grass at his feet and sat next to her, awaiting her awakening, which she did just moments later. She opened her eyes, noticing they were no longer moving or in the air. He moved to kneel over her.

"We are here." He explained simply, smiling smugly. She looked at him in confusion.

"Here is where?" She asked, sitting up. He stood up and offered her his hand. She stood up as she took it and saw how she was about as tall as the grass around her.

"This is our, fairy kinds, sacred place. This is our Lundr, our sacred grove if ye will. Well, one of them of the world, but this be the nearest one." He told her, but she still looked lost.

"I don't see anything but grass, and the tops of those trees." She said as she looked at him and he laughed.

"Of course...me pardons...I forgot." He said between laughs. He started muttering under his breath again and she saw the grass getting smaller again, soon at knee height, then just too her ankles. Now she could see they where in a very dense forest and they were on the edge of a clearing, with which she could see the stars through the middle of it. But what really caught her eye were the numerous, huge stones standing upright in the center...all in a circle. She almost couldn't speak as she remembered what it resembled.

"This looks just like..." She started to say, but he finished for her.

"Stonehenge...yes, it looks like that. And it should, because they be sister's of sorts. This place, as well as more, are like Stonehenge, cause Stonehenge used to be a Lundr...before man found it and took it for himself." He explained quietly.

"So this is like that...and what does that mean? Is this place like a church or something to you?" she asked him, looking intently at the stones and the area.

"Oh yes...that and so much more. I canna explain the full meaning of what it is to us, though maybe I can show ye." He said, then took her hand and started to walk forward. 

"Show me what?" She asked nervously, but allowing him to lead her closer to the site. The stones towered over her, twice her height; she shivered in some fear as she walked closer. As they entered the circle, she noticed a very large, but low table of sorts, in the center, but what was odd she thought was that it was covered in grass or moss of sorts and stood out from the rest of the site.

"I brought you here, too show ye what we are, and who we are." He explained, and again she looked confused.

"I don't know...what are you talking about?" She asked him in confusion, feeling very out of sorts with the whole situation. She grew fearful, though she didn't fear the sprite, though she knew something was very odd. She thought she heard something to the side and she glanced in that direction. She spied something...several things moving in the trees and shadows and a shiver ran up her and she screamed.

"Lorna, Lorna...it's ok, it is fine. I brought ye here to meet me brother's and sisters of fairy. YE ARE SAFE! Ye will not be harmed, I promise." He hastily explained to her and she looked at him with wide eyes. Feeling unsafe and alone she trusted the only one she could at the moment...Fep. She tossed herself into his arms for protection, hoping she wasn't wrong about her fairy lover.

"I'm scared!" she confided in him and held him so tight he could hardly breathe. But he chuckled nonetheless. 

"Lorna, believe me, they have na wish...no thought to harm ya. Just to meet ya." He consoled her, soothing his voice, trying to calm her.

"They just want to meet me?" She asked him, feeling numb and nervous. He nodded silently, smiling broadly as he started to move toward the center table. She followed, still gripping him as hard as when they were flying. Lorna could now see at least a dozen different beings around the edge of the circle of stone. None were hideous; though most looked bestial...actually Lorna saw most were part beast. She stared at one that was a human male from the waist up...a rather handsome male, though very unkempt, but from the waist down it legs were hairy and Lorna wasn't sure but he looked like some kind of goat-man. Then her eyes were drawn away from his strange body to what was between his legs, a hanging member that was even larger then Fep's when he was man sized. Lorna felt flushed as her body heated up and she couldn't take her eyes off the creature's enlarged appendage.

Yet another, a female with skin an odd green hue and hair seemingly of leaves or vines. Her eyes were deep, endless green almost to the point of being black, but alluring and compelling. Her lips looked ripe and full...luscious. Her frame was slender, though her breast's were large for her size and as she was nude, Lorna could see that her pubic hair was bright green. And she smiled at Lorna and she felt a warmth run through her body that sent tingles to her loins. 

Another smaller male looking one. Much smaller, less then four feet tall and looking very human like, except his rather large hands. They were at least twice as big as they should have been for him...it. He wore simple pants and sandals, but his chest was finely chiseled like a miniature bodybuilder. Lorna thought he was charmingly cute, with his pointy ears and ruffled hair. Like the green girl, his eyes were all one color seemingly, only this one had yellow tinted eyes, like small flashlights, she caught herself thinking with a soft giggle. She was very attracted to the small creature...

She was feeling giddy, as if she had drunken too much wine. She then noticed a huge hulking shadow as it stepped from the shadow of the woods. She gasped as the figure was tall...menacing almost, except that the human looking face was far from that...it was welcoming. As was his wonderful pecks and abs, his huge arms. She liked hairy chests on men and he certainly had one. She wasn't even turned off by his legs...he had four of them, all ending in a hoof. This horse man was monstrous she saw...specially below when she lowered her eyes and noticed the most enormous penis...even with his near eight foot height, it almost touched the ground. She felt light headed. The earth moved. She felt hands on her back...her legs. Then a coolness touched her face and she was looking up at Fep.

"Ya almost fainted lass...this is just water." He replied when she looked at what was dripping from his hand as he touched it to her face. She nodded meekly, feeling weak. She glanced up and saw the creatures, she wasn't how many, but at least two dozen as they seemingly lingered together, talking. Dizzy, she dropped her head back down. Fep left for a minute then returned. "Here child, drink this." He told her and offered a wooden bowl to her, helping her to sit up slightly.

"Child? I'm an adul..." she started to say, but he started to pour the bowl into her mouth, and she swallowed. It was cold, almost freezing, but it tasted like flavored water. She felt better immediately. She sat up and saw that she was on the grassy table. She looked at the many creatures, their faces, their bodies, their...all of them had very large penis, all of them. Well all the males anyway. And the females were all beautiful, in an alien way, to the point that she was very excited sexually after taking in the wholeness of the event. She felt quite breathless, but super alert. "Fep, what did you give me?" Lorna asked, wondering if he had drugged her. Fep smiled at her, but took a seat next to her on the table.

"Exactly what I said, I brought ye here to meet...them! And for them to meet ya." Fep told her, and as he talked Lorna noticed some of the creatures coming closer. "We all looked different, but we be all the same, we be all fairy folk. They have come to share, to watch and to see what ye are." He said simply. Lorna looked at the others, some quite close now. She was confused, but no longer afraid.

"What did you give me?" She repeated, more curious then afraid. He smiled at her.

"Just something of us, to help what must be, and to help ye enjoy...that is all. I spoke true that I...we will not harm ye. It was only to make you enjoy tonight more, instead of fear what ye don't understand." Fep told her, and she noticed a female goat creature come close to hear and extend her hand toward her. Lorna was apprehensive at first then she took the hand and the creature slowly took the remaining space too her. Lorna watched as the 'lady' leaned toward her and Lorna gasped as she leaned forward and their lips met. Lorna felt the tingling as with Fep and in a instant her tongue was dancing with the females, that she now understood to be a fawn or female satyr. After a minute the fawn broke the contact and looked at her, smiling. 

"I am Miren, and you are very lovely. Welcome." She said simply, and then walked away. Lorna followed her with her eyes, until a shadow fell on her, looking up she looked at a near human, but he had antlers and its hands and arms were fur covered. His body seemed human, though very hair, she smelled a strong musk to him, but instead of repealing her, it excited her terribly. His manhood, which was near eye level also excited her...it was, like the others, very thick and long. He offered his hand too her, and she took it without hesitation. He too leaned forward to kiss her, but at the last instant he nuzzled her neck, she gasped as she felt his incredibly long tongue swipe over her flesh, sending chills too her spin and her crotch. She leaned up when he leaned back and this kiss kissed her deeply. His tongue interplayed with hers, but he also swiped it partway down her throat as if to invade every inch of her being. She swooned at the sensation of invasion, her pussy convulsing in a mini orgasm. She was in another world when she looked up and saw he was above her again. She now knew him as an Anorch, or horned wood guardian. 

"My named be Urehet, and your body pleases I. Welcome." She glanced at him as he left, but turned as another took his place. This one was one of the green females, her body a dance with each step, her movement mesmerizing. She bowed slightly and offered her hand too her and she took it, this time pulling gently on the green lady to get her closer. She smiled at her, as the both looked at each other. She then laughed.

"You are exquisite Lorna!" She said and leaned forward. Lorna blushed at the statement, but leaned toward the strange female. Their lips meet and it was the most wonderful feeling Lorna had ever felt. Her pants instantly because soaked with juices at the ladies kiss. She was gentle as they shared their mouths, then Lorna felt her breast being fondled and she gasped aloud. The Dryad or forest nymph, kissed down her neck, leaving tiny hickies to mark her passing. Lorna felt drained almost as the Dryad stop up and again gave her a huge smile. "Oh...my name is Saysain, and I know we will become close. Welcome." She step away, her eyes following Lorna's as she left. Lorna looked back and saw the huge horse creature before her, and she guess what it was without kissing it.

"Centaur?" She asked him meekly, not wanting to offend him. He nodded to her.

"Yous got it pretty lady, I is the real deal." He told her in the best Chicago sounding accent she had ever heard. She laughed, not at him, but the situation. But he offered his hand to her and she took it, still chuckling softly. He drew close, and then rose his other hand to raise her face to look at her. "I'm not much with words, but you are breath taking lady!" He said, and then leaning slowly forward, took her in his massively strong arms and picked her up in them as she would a child. He then leaned in and softly kissed her, while holding her tightly to himself, She threw her arms around him and held him fiercely as their mouths melded, their tongues twined and their breath merged. She felt his front legs hop onto the table and he let her go. She felt euphoric and dropped to her knees...only to confront the engorged, hulking piece of steel he had for a cock, which was close before her. It was fully erect and only a foot or so from her face. Without thinking she reached out and touched the head of it, causing it to flare and jump at her touch. She began running her hand further down the shaft, leaning forward, she found her face only an inch from the head of it. Reaching up her other hand she tried to encircle it in both hand, barely succeeding. Her mouth was actually drooling as she leaned the rest of the way in and began licking at the mushroom shaped head. She eagerly laved her tongue and saliva onto the monster. Enthralled, her hands began to gently pump the shaft. She turned her head and licked on the side of the shaft, he eyes, catching movement beyond the monster cylinder and she focus beyond to see Fep standing just feet away, smiling down at her. As if splashed with water, she jerked her hands away, and pulled back from the item of her lust. 
