 Omicron Theta 2

There are no clouds in the sky and the two suns are shining brightly above. The flowers are in bloom on the mountainside. And there she stands; always in the same spot. Her features cannot be discerned due to the brightness of the sun directly behind her. She beckons with her arms wide open.

"Come home."

ALERT! ALERT! ALERT!

The flashing red lights on Captain Bri'Ana Gan Esto's VID interrupt her dream sequence. Who is she? Bri'Ana wonders as she switches her VID to receive the alert message.

"Attack on the Drudge Generation facility on Omicron Theta 2 is commencing. Alpha teams proceed."

*****

The war between the United Planetary Forces (UPF) and the Mechanoids has been ongoing for years. The UPF was formed specifically to fight the Mechanoids. The UPF has very little understanding of the Mechanoids as they have only managed to capture Drudges, the lowest rank in the Mechanoids hierarchal structure. They have determined that the Mechanoids send the Drudges to invade inhabited planets for the planet's metals and any electronic or mechanical devices made by the inhabitants. Once they've conquered the planet, they build a Drudge Generation facility and they incorporate their finds in new Drudges they create. All unused material is collected by a Mechanoid ship which returns to a destination unknown to the UPF. The Mechanoids build bases on planets that do not support organic life as the Mechanoids are unaffected by temperature, do not need water and use hydrogen as a fuel source. The Terrans are unsettled by this as there are several planets in their system that would serve the purpose of the Mechanoids. It is no surprise that the Mechanoids are winning this war as they keep building more Drudges and their troops keep multiplying. Fighting an enemy when killing their troops is making little impact to their forces has been taking a toll on the morale of the UPF.

The UPF has changed their tactics and are focusing their attacks on the Drudge Generation facilities. Alpha teams land on the conquered planet and take positions outside the facility. Once in place, Beta teams in their fighters take out the defensive systems. The Alpha teams then go inside the compound and place explosives to destroy the facility and all Drudges inside.

Battles have been taking place on several planets in this outer system where, three months ago, Omicron Theta 2 fell to the Mechanoids. The UPF does not know the planet's name or its previous inhabitants; such planets are given designations based on Greek letters.

*****

"Beta teams proceed."

Bri'Ana inputs the attack pattern in her fighter's system and proceeds to join the other eleven fighters headed to the planet. Once the fighters enter the planet's atmosphere, laser fire erupts from the planet catching them unawares.

"We're taking fire! Evasive maneuvers everyone."

"Mission Control, this is Beta Leader. We are under attack. Beta 2 has been hit."

"Beta teams, this is Mission Control. Retreat! They knew we were coming. I repeat. Retreat!"

"Mission Control, what about the Alpha teams?" Asked Bri'Ana.

"They are on their own," came the response from Mission Control.

"We can't just leave them down there!"

"As valuable as our people are, they are expendable. Our fighter ships are not. Return to base."

Bri'Ana has heard this all before but her heart was planet side with the Alpha teams, with Kali. She could not leave her there to die.

*****

Lieutenant Kali Panteris crouched behind a large pile of debris just outside the facility. To the untrained eye the facility appears like an enormous pile of junk; however, inside there are Drudges whose sole purpose is building new Drudges. Kali always feels claustrophobic in her mission suit. The suits covering the entire body slightly restrict movement but they are necessary as there was not enough time to determine the toxicity of the atmosphere or what kind of weapons were used in battle on this planet. No matter what kind of suit the UPF engineers have developed, they still haven't managed to filter out the awful smell. The smell that is so foul that can be mistaken for no other: The smell of death. Kali does not believe she'll ever get used to it and wishes she had taken an anti-nausea pill.

"Alpha leader, this is Alpha 6. We see movement on the facility grounds."

"What kind of movement?" Asks Kali.

"It's... It's Drudges. They are coming toward us!"

"Alpha teams, hold your positions!" Commands Kali as she looks up as loud blasts are heard overhead.

"They're shooting at the fighter ships. They know we are here. Prepare to fight,"says Kali as she watches the fighter ships retreat. She readies her weapons knowing full well that hey are outnumbered, out gunned and their chances of survival are minimal.

M8000 Fist Class Starship - 24 Hours Earlier

The door to Bri'Ana's quarters opens and Kali enters the room. She is wearing the standard issued blue jumpsuit but she would look beautiful in a rations cargo sac with her sparkling green eyes and curly brown hair. Bri'Ana's face lights at the sight of her Terran friend.

"Kali!" Exclaims Bri'Ana and walks toward her. Kali puts her arms around the shorted captain and pulls her near.

"I've missed you Bri," Kali whispers in her ear before kissing her earlobe. Kali nibbles on Bri'Ana's neck driving the captain crazy. Bri'Ana moans as Kali slowly nudges her toward the bed, never losing contact with her neck. As they reach the bed, Kali grabs the hem of Bri'Ana's shirt and pulls it over her head. She then pulls down Bri'Ana's track pants revealing panties with little hearts on them. Bri'Ana remembers the panties a second too late and turns beet red. Due to her procrastination, she had run out of clean laundry and these never worn panties were the only ones left. She opens her mouth to explain but all coherent thought leaves her head as Kali's fingers trace the shape of a heart on her mound.

"You won't be needing these anymore," says Kali as she pulls the panties down and places a kiss on her bare pussy.

Bri'Ana places runs her hands through Kali's hair. She doesn't understand the Terran's fascination with her people's, the Pyrreneans, hairlessness. Bri'Ana loves the feel of Kali's soft brown curls. Kali kisses her way up Bri'Ana's body, deftly removing the bra in her path, until she reaches her friend's lips. She then takes a step back, opens the zipper on her jumpsuit, and steps out of it. Seeing Kali's nakedness, Bri'Ana reaches for her and they move to lie on the bed. They kiss softly, murmuring sweet endearments to each other. As their passion mounts, Kali rolls on top of Bri'Ana and begins exploring the writhing body beneath her. She licks and sucks on one nipple while her fingers play with the other, and alternates. Bri'Ana, moaning continuously, wonders if she will be able to endure much more.

As much as Kali is enjoying this breast play, she can smell Bri'Ana's arousal and heads for the southern target. The smell is so sweet and intoxicating. Kali takes a moment to inhale the aroma and wonders if all Pyrrenean woman smell this good. Kali takes a long lick from Bri'Ana's slit all the way up to her clit and then back down again. She just can't get enough of the the taste and proceeds to devour her lover's pussy. As orgasm after orgasm racks Bri'Ana's body, Kali does not stop the onslaught until she feels her lover go limp beneath her. Kali slowly kisses her way up to her lover lips and wraps her arms around her lover and falls asleep.

*****

"Kali, I don't think I can keep doing this," says Bri'Ana as Kali wakes up.

"Doing what Bri?" Replies Kali as she rubs her eyes.

"Doing this. Getting together every few weeks and then wondering when will be the next time. I want to be with you," says Bri'Ana, her frustration evident in her voice.

"Bri, you know we can't be together."

"Why not, Kali? Don't you want to be together?"

"Bri, you know I do. But we can't. If they found out, we would be in a lot of trouble. We could be disciplined. We could be transferred to some dreadful place like a Sweeper Station."

Kali gets up and starts putting her jumpsuit on missing the look of pain that crosses Bri'Ana's face.

"We can at least try to fight for us! Since when are you so set on following the rules?" Exclaims Bri'Ana.

"No Bri'Ana. It's not worth the fight," says Kali as she walks out.

Omicron Theta 2 - Present Time

"Beta 4, return to base!"

Bri'Ana continues to evade fire but has yet to retreat.

"Captain Gan Esto, this is Admiral Jenke. Return to base at once. This is a direct order!"

Bri'Ana turns off the communication link on her VID and directs her craft toward the facility. She realizes that, in order to give the Alpha teams a fighting chance, she will have to do as much damage as possible. She sets a flight a pattern into the system encompassing most of the security towers. While dodging fire beams, she keeps her fingers on the trigger and shoots everything in sight. Just as she approaches the last security tower in her pattern, a beam hits the left wing of the fighter. A second beam hits in quick succession and destroys the same wing and part of the side of the craft. Bri'Ana can't keep the fighter in the air much longer. If she's going to go down, she'll take as many Drudges with her as she can. Bri'Ana aims the fighter's descent toward the heart of the facility. She keeps firing at everything in sight. Her free hand is over the Eject button. 

"Closer, just a little bit closer. I love you Kali."

*****

Kali looks up to see the Beta teams and their fighters evading the fire beams and retreating back to base, all except one lone fighter. The lone fighter was headed straight for the facility. 

"No Bri'Ana!" Whispers Kali. Her hands holding her weapons at the ready for the coming attack, she stared at that lone ship. When the wing of the craft was blown off, she felt her heart stop. She watched the fighter dive. 

"Eject! Eject!" Kali keeps repeating.

Time moved slowly as she watched the pilot eject and the ship hit the facility shortly thereafter. The explosion that followed was so large that it engulfed the pilot.

In the chaos that ensued, the Alpha teams attacked the Drudges. The Beta teams returned and took out the remaining security towers, in addition to providing cover for the Alpha teams. Their mission was a success but at what cost?

Medical Cruise Ship - One Week Later

Bri'Ana tries to open her eyes but the room was so bright. Her mouth was dry and she ached all over. When she finally pried her eyes open, she could see that she was attached to several pieces of medical equipment and she was wrapped in gray material from head to toe. She notices someone in the room and she tries to speak.

"Alpha teams..." She whispers so softly she can barely hear herself.

"Alpha teams," she tries again a little louder.

A Terran man in a white coat approaches her bed.

"I am Dr. Mercull. You are on a medical cruiser. You sustained serious injuries. We have stopped the internal bleeding and treated your burns. In time, you should make a full recovery."

Bri'Ana tries to focus on what he is saying but that's not what she wants to know.

"Alpha teams?"

"The Alpha teams sustained some casualties but there were no fatalities. They have returned to the M8000 which has proceeded to its next mission coordinates."

Kali is alive, thought Bri'Ana as she drifted into sleep.

Mission Headquarters - Eleven Weeks Later

Standing in front of the UPF Corrections board, in full dress uniform, Bri'Ana looks at the six people sitting at the table in the front of the room. Based on their uniforms she could tell that they all hold high ranking positions but she can't remember who they are. They hold her future in their hands but Bri'Ana cannot bring herself to care. The board would probably let her return to the M8000 with a lesser rank and fewer privileges if she showed remorse for her actions. Bri'Ana just didn't have it in her to fake it. In the eleven weeks since Omicron Theta 2 she has not seen or heard anything from Kali.

"Captain Gan Esto, you disobeyed a direct order from an Admiral and destroyed a valuable fighter ship in the process. What do you have to say for your actions?" Asked the short fat gray haired Terran seated at the middle of the table.

Bri'Ana silently stood there staring ahead.

"Captain Gan Esto, will you not defend yourself?" Asked the Pyrrenean woman seated at the right end of the table.

Bri'Ana looked at the woman, Kali's parting words echoing in her head.

"It's not worth the fight," says Bri'Ana in a flat tone.

The six board member look at each other, surprised that the captain would not defend her actions considering the outcome on Omicron Theta 2 was far from negative. This left the members with little choice. The Terran in the middle of the group stood up.

"Bri'Ana Gan Esto you are hereby stripped of your rank as captain and you will be reassigned to the Sweeper Station Epsilon 6."