 Part 1: Mary

"But is every birth control pill a sin on its own?" Chris asked them.

It made Mary's head swim, to hear Chris talk about sex like this. She was almost sure he was the one she wanted to give her virginity to. It would be a sin, sure. But she could settle up with God after. What she was more worried about was whether he was interested in her, or how he would act afterward, or what people would say, or the logistics of getting the two of them alone.

This wasn't a double date, at least not according to what she told her parents. And not according to what the four 18 year olds told each other. 

Chris's brother Paul answered. "I asked Father George about that, and he said it was."

"Did he justify it with scripture though? You ask him if something's a sin, odds are he'll say yes," Chris argued.

Theresa looked annoyed. "It's clear, okay? Every time you take a pill, you're doing that with the intent of having sex without having children. I don't know how we get onto this kind of topic. It's not like it applies to any of us, right? Sex before marriage might be something other people do, but we're Christians after all."

"Amen," Paul said, tenderly, with no irony. Mary secretly hoped those two would pair off and leave her with Chris, but she knew it wasn't going to happen. While Mary might be willing to cross the line, no way would Theresa. She was really pious. Generally Mary liked that about her; it helped her stay strong.

"Yeah, it's cool," Chris said. "Should we play a game?"

"If you all are interested, I uh...found this spooky book in the library," Paul said, placing it on the table. It looked really old, but it was in good condition for its age. He opened it up to a certain page. "Check it out. It has some kind of spell, I think?"

"What for?" Mary asked. "Do we get to make wishes, or talk to the dead?"

Paul shrugged. "I don't know. That part is written in code or something. Whatever it is, it's not English or Latin."

Chris slid the book over by him, interested. "Well, you know I couldn't make any heads or tails of this at all."

"So you're suggesting we hold some pagan ritual? That doesn't sound right," Theresa said.

"Just for the fun of it. It's not like any of us actually believe in the greek gods or demons or whatever this is supposed to summon," Chris said. "What do you think, Mary?"

Mary gave him a small smile. "Yeah, I love this weird occult stuff. I mean it's all fake, but it's interesting anyway. What do we do?"

Paul got up and opened a cabinet. "Okay. We have to light a candle...and probably turn out the lights." He got the scene ready on the table in front of us.

Theresa was begrudgingly going along with it. She hadn't objected again. Paul turned out the light so it was just the candle illuminating the group sitting around the table. With the book in the middle, they started chanting the words together, though it took a couple tries. 

When they reached the end of the poem or whatever it was, the candle went out. Mary gasped in surprise. This was a little too real. In the darkness she heard Chris burst out laughing.

"Hey, that wasn't funny, guys," Theresa complained. A moment later she turned the light back on. She was so confident they were all virtuous Christians, but she didn't want them to be in the dark together too long. "Which one of you blew out the candle?"

They got into a little argument about who it had been. No one wanted to take credit, but Mary suspected one of the boys had done it, and wanted to just leave it unexplained.

Theresa and Mary left not long after. Theresa dropped Mary off at home. "See you tomorrow," she called. Mary waved to her as she went inside. In just a few minutes Mary was ready for bed. She was kind of a plain girl, and a little heavier than her peers, so she don't bother with make-up or jewelry or contacts. She settled into bed and thought about Chris again as she drifted off to sleep.

Mary opened her eyes, and found herself in an unfamiliar room. Or rather, she didn't exactly find herself in the unfamiliar room. She didn't find herself in herself at all. The first thing she was conscious of was that she had morning wood. She'd never had that of course. As she shifted in the covers, it kept pressing against and rubbing against the fabric which was stimulating, but not an entirely nice kind of stimulating. Then she noticed she didn't have the breasts that had always gotten her attention she didn't want. Gone too were her thick thighs, hips, and ass. Sitting up in bed, she looked down and saw the outlines of a rib cage under her pale skin. And that morning wood was now sticking straight out from her crotch, so firm and engorged, and so sensitive, begging to be touched. She had never seen one of these in real life before, so she felt a thrill as she put a hand on it. She felt the warmth of the shaft in her hand, and she felt the warmth of her hand through her shaft. It was a revelation. 

Briefly she wondered if jacking off this penis would be a sin, if it wasn't even truly hers. But that worry was quickly lost.

She was so absorbed in the task at hand, that a rustling on the other side of the room startled her. It turned out the other bed was occupied! On the other bed, Chris sat up, and Mary abruptly realized that he could see her stroking her cock from there. 

And if she was in a boy's body, and that boy was sharing a room with Chris...that meant Mary was in Paul's body. 

"Do you need help with that?" Chris asked, gesturing to her lap.

"Are you joking?" Mary asked, finding it awkward to talk in Paul's voice.

"Does it look like I'm joking?" Chris asked, pulling the covers aside. He too had an erection sticking out of his lap. Chris came over and knelt by the bedside, and quickly started licking the head of Paul's cock. Mary quickly surrendered herself, letting him go to town on her. This wasn't anything like she expected her first time with Chris to be, but she could hardly complain about how he was making her feel.

"Oh Chris," she moaned. In a teenage boy's body, it didn't take long for her to feel the sperm rising. "I'm about to uh...ejaculate," she said, struggling to find the right word.

Chris kept bobbing his head as Mary felt the enormous release of Paul's load down his brother's throat. 

"Let me reciprocate," Mary said, coming down from her climax. The very nature of this male climax felt so foreign to her mind, it was an entirely new feeling. She might be in Paul's body, but she still had feelings for Chris and wanted to lick his cock as tenderly as he had licked hers.

"Too late," Chris said, and Mary saw him wipe a puddle off the floor with a dirty sock.

"Next time," Mary said. "Hey Chris, are you...yourself today?"

"Yeah, why?" he asked nonchalantly.

"Um, this is going to sound weird, but...I'm Mary. I woke up in Paul's body this morning," she said, nervous about how he would react.

"That explains it. I don't normally do this. Paul and I don't. But I just had a feeling that you were someone different today, and I could tell you didn't know how to use the...equipment," Chris said with a smile. "So you and Paul switched bodies? That's wild. I guess you'd better find him and figure out how to sort all that out."

"Yeah, I guess so," Mary said, giving him a shy smile that probably looked weird on Paul's features.

They both got dressed, went through their morning routines. Mary followed Chris's lead. Chris drove them both to school. It felt good to sit next to him in the car. She wished she could do more-hold his hand, lean her head on his shoulder-but it wouldn't look right, with her in Paul's body. And Chris's earlier display of affection seemed to have cooled.

"Do you know where you need to go? I mean, do you know where Paul goes for homeroom?" Chris asked.

Mary dismissed the fleeting inclination to ask for his help. She also wanted to impress him. "Yeah, of course."

"Good. I'm going to drop you off in front here, and then go find a parking spot," he said.

"Thanks," Mary called, as she climbed out of the car. Paul's backpack felt really heavy. She wove through the thick crowd of students out front and into the halls of the school. This wouldn't be their school for long, she thought.

She had an eye out for Paul-or rather for Paul in her own body. She was craning her neck trying trying to see down the hallway, when she felt a tap on her shoulder. It was Theresa. Mary thought it was weird to be seeing Theresa from above; Theresa was usually the taller one.

"Hey? Paul? Didn't you hear me calling your name?" Theresa asked.

"No," Mary said. "Listen, you're not going to believe what happened to me."

"I know," Theresa said, matter-of-factly. "Come with me."

Theresa took Mary's hand, or Paul's hand really, and tugged her around the corner, past the bathrooms and the vending machines, and into a supply closet. Theresa shut the door behind them.

"Okay, this is going to sound weird, but I'm not really Paul," Mary said.

"Mary, I said I know," Theresa grumbled. 

"What do you mean?"

"Because I'm Paul," Theresa explained. She started taking off her shirt while Mary thought for a moment. If she was in Paul's body, and Paul was in Theresa's body, then maybe the three of them had been switched around. After all, Chris said he wasn't any different, other than feeling a sudden attraction to his brother's cock.

Theresa-Paul, actually-was quickly down to his panties. Well, the panties belonged to Theresa. Mary couldn't keep it all straight.

"Why are you getting undressed?" Mary asked.

"Can I ask you a favor?" Paul asked. "I've been out-of-my-mind horny since this all started, and I know it's a sin, but I tried masturbating down there, but still! And this is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Not only to feel what it's like from the other perspective, but to feel what it feels like for someone who's with me in particular..."

"What are you suggesting?" Mary asked.

"Would you please have intercourse with me?" Paul pleaded.

Mary was caught off guard. She was supposed to wait until marriage, but she had thought about giving it a go early with Chris, and then there had been the blowjob that morning, and Mary still wasn't sure what that counted for.

And now Paul was propositioning her. But it was also easy to ignore that it was Paul in Theresa's body, because it ultimately was Theresa's breasts before her, her nipples erect, her bush exposed, her eyes looking up at her full of hope and desire. Mary never would have thought she was attracted to Theresa, but her mind and Paul's teenage boy hormones were mixing.

"I don't know," Mary said. She realized her uncertainty alone would reveal a lot.

Paul handed her a condom. "Here. We won't leave a trace. It'll be like it never even happened, and Theresa doesn't even need to know."

"I'm not sure I would go that far," Mary said. Theresa would deserve to know if her virginity had been taken. But would it be Mary who had taken it, or Paul? And would Theresa have really lost her virginity at all, if she didn't participate in it? Somehow despite the intensity of her orgasm earlier that morning, this was all quickly getting her worked up again. Paul reached out and unzipped the fly on her jeans-his jeans, letting the erection inside free. Paul reached into the boxers and caressed it. He knew exactly what to do, since it had been his own, up until today. Mary's objections were shrinking from view. 

"But I guess you're right, that it wouldn't do her any harm," Mary belatedly finished the thought. "And then we've got to get this all sorted out today." She stepped closer and kissed her friend on the lips hungrily.

Part 2: Chris

He immediately felt different when he woke up. It wasn't just the texture of the big t-shirt he was in, or the fact that he was wearing a t-shirt at all. It was the round bulges of flesh underneath that shirt, it was a body with weight distributed very differently from his own.

The alarm was beeping, and it took him a minute to figure out how to silence it. And then he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. Holy shit! He was Mary. He sat down on the edge of the bed, dumb-founded. He'd never been to Mary's room, but that had to be where he was. 

He realized he had to roll with the situation. Hopefully Paul would know how to undo whatever they'd done the night before. 

Chris pulled the t-shirt up over his head and reached for a clean one from the open dresser drawer. He caught another glimpse of himself in the mirror, of his bare breasts, of the panties covering his crotch, and that's when it really hit him. Chris had never seen breasts before, not in real life, not up close like this. Should he fondle them? Mary would never know. It was too good to pass up. Like the teenage boy he was, he started to get turned on at the sight of Mary almost naked, but it didn't have to stay "almost". And quickly he learned what her breasts felt like, and what it felt like to be felt up.

Cautiously, he slipped the panties down. He'd probably need a fresh pair of those too, especially since he could feel the heat and moisture building between his legs. It almost felt like an erection, the way he was swollen down here, and begging to be touched. Chris had certainly never touched a pussy before, and he explored the outer folds of skin, slowly, carefully. But if it hurt, he'd know. He knew right away when his index finger nudged his clitoris. It felt like an electric jolt of pleasure. And while it didn't feel like it would take much clitoral stimulation to get him off, there was more he wanted to discover. He found that he was indeed getting hot down there, and sopping wet, and his middle finger slid into the tight muscle within. Chis could only imagine what it would feel like to be penetrating Mary's pussy with his penis, when he had it back. And he could only imagine what it would feel like to have something more than a finger pressing into him, probing him deeper. 

He was on the edge of orgasm when Mary's mother called out, "Hurry up, honey! You're going to be late for school!"

With a sigh, Chris wiped his fingers on last night's shirt and got dressed. Even though he knew he had to dress like Mary would, and play the part, it felt a little odd to be putting on her clothes. It took him a few tries to get the bra fastened, and even then, the hooks were lined up wrong.

At school, Chris felt the urge to pee, and unthinkingly he went into the men's room like usual. It wasn't until he had wiped himself off that he realized his mistake, but by then it was too late. With his pants down, he thought about finishing what he'd started back in Mary's bedroom, but he decided he shouldn't linger in the wrong bathroom too long. 

When he came out of the stall, he found himself face to face with himself.

"Hey, bro," Chris heard himself say.

In Mary's body, Chris asked, "Paul? Is that you?"

"Yeah," Chris's body replied. "Lucky you, eh? Getting a morning alone with Mary's body?"

Chris laughed. He considered denying it, but his brother wouldn't believe that for a second. "It's been...educational."

"There are other things you could learn, other lessons we could teach her," Paul said. "This is a golden opportunity. Can I take a look?"

Chris dropped his pants again (Mary's pants) and got up on the counter and spread his legs (Mary's thick thighs). Paul leaned over to get a look, so close Chris could feel his got breath on his glistening vulva. And then Chris nearly jumped when he felt Paul part those lips, and slip a finger into him. That aching desire that had been with Chris all morning suddenly flared up. He gasped aloud.

"Relax," Paul said. "This is Mary's cunt, not yours, remember?"

Chris nodded for his brother to continue. He knew what it looked like when he had an erection, and it wasn't hard to tell that his cock was straining against his pants fabric now.

"What do you think? Should we fuck this slut?" Paul said with a wicked grin.

"I think she's a virgin," Chris said.

"Then you could be the one to do the honors, brother," Paul said. "Don't you want to know what it feels like? I know I would, if I were you."

The truth was, at this point Chris hardly needed to be convinced to get fucked. Or to get fucked with his own penis. There was something particularly taboo about that idea. But it was his brother's desire to fuck Mary's pussy, knowing it was Chris in her body. That was hard to reconcile with his animalistic desires. But if Paul was so eager to, then it had to be okay, even if it did still feel a little weird.

"Yeah, give it to me," Chris said. His brother pulled out his cock, already hard and glistening with precum. He moved between Chris's legs and lined the tip of the cock up with Chris's hole. And then bracing a hand on the bathroom mirror, Paul pushed the head of Chris's cock into Mary's pussy. For Chris, it felt huge, like he was going to burst. He felt it pressing against his vaginal walls. The shape of the obstruction was familiar, but the way it felt as it inched into him was completely new, and it sparked sensations that had new analogue in his male mind. When he felt the cock-his own cock-pressed all the way into him, nudging something sensitive deep inside, he grabbed his brother's hips-his own hips-and shook with bliss. He wasn't sure how much more of this he could take, but he was eager to find out.

Part 3: Mary

Having brought Paul to orgasm, Mary felt the boil of semen in her balls, a sensation she was getting better at recognizing and anticipating, and with an undignified grunt, she started to ejaculate into the rubber, and collapsed on Paul's chest-Theresa's chest, rather, with its breasts heaving. 

In the post-coital glow, Mary wasn't sure where this left her. When all this was sorted out, would she be attracted to Paul because of the glorious first intercourse they'd had together, or would she be attracted to Theresa for how good her body had felt? Mary's mind cleared as she got up off the floor of the storage closet and slipped the spent condom off her softening penis.

If Paul was in Theresa's body, then that meant Theresa had to be the one in Mary's body. Mary felt a pang of guilt that she had maybe taken Theresa's virginity, but well, Paul had insisted.

"I don't know how you all deal with being turned on all the time," Mary said.

"I don't know how you all deal with it either," Paul said contentedly, still sprawled out on the narrow floor of the closet. "Thanks, though."

"You knew who I was right away," Mary realized out loud. "Does that mean you already ran into me today? I mean, whoever's in my body?"

"Yeah, last time I saw Chris, he was headed into the second floor men's room actually. The one with just one stall?" Paul said.

"Hang on," Mary said. "Chris is the one in my body, not Theresa?"

"Yeah, that's how I knew who you were. All four of us got mixed up," Paul said.

But that changed everything. That meant Chris wasn't Chris, it was Theresa. It had been Theresa who had given her a blowjob when they woke up together, which actually made more sense than Chris suddenly decided to suck his brother's cock. And then Theresa had lied and said she was really Chris.

And Mary realized that if it was Chris in her body, then he could be up to no good like his brother was. Mary fastened her jeans and quickly snuck through the hallways of the school, up the stairs, to the second floor bathroom. 

The sounds she heard as she approached the door confirmed her worst fears. A woman inside was whining in time with a man's grunts. It was her own voice actually, Mary just wasn't used to hearing it coming from outside her own head. But she still wasn't prepared for the scene she found when she opened the door. Her body was up on the counter, her back against the mirror, her legs spread wide. And Chris's body was thrusting up against her. The two were so enthralled in the act that they barely spared her a glance as she came in.
