 Part 1: Chris

To his surprise, Chris woke up in Mary's bedroom again. He had gone to sleep on that bed, after fingering Mary's clit to one last orgasm, thinking it was his last chance ever to experience a female orgasm. Though he honestly wasn't very good at it yet, and nearly didn't get there on his own. If only Mary had a dildo or a vibrator handy, but no, she was a good Christian girl, or at least she had been when this whole mix-up started.

At first, when Chris woke up and saw the pillowy outlines of Mary's breasts, he was distraught. They had recited the same spell again. Surely it should have put Chris back into his own body, or at least one of the others'. But no, somehow he'd ended up in Mary's body twice in a row. He wondered if the spell had worked at all the second time, or if it just hadn't worked for him. At the very least, it meant Mary wasn't back to being herself yet either.

But feeling those pillowy breasts with his hands, the nipples firming up against the night shirt, Chris started to warm to the prospect of one more day as a woman. Maybe yesterday he had woken up as a girl, but he was a woman now, having been fucked twice in the school bathroom. Chris knew he was going to be enjoying those memories for a long time to come, even though through the bathroom door he had been able to hear the other kids laughing about what was going on. Laughing that Mary was actually having sex (even though it was actually Chris). Laughing that Chris was fucking her (even though that had actually been Theresa).

One more day, Chris thought. He could be okay with one more day in a female body. Just one more, and then hopefully everything goes back to normal. The longer he spent in Mary's body, the more normal it felt, and that worried him. He was starting to see things the way she did, feel things the way she did. Was he becoming more female? He wasn't sure where his mind ended and her body began. 

What if he were stuck as Mary for the rest of his life? He'd already been careless with her body the day before, letting two men cum inside Mary's pussy. Letting wasn't the right word. He had encouraged it. He had enjoyed it. But if this went on, if this body was going to be Chris's long term, he had to be more responsible with it, or it'd be him pushing out a baby at age 19. As it was, he might end up being the one telling Mary to push. 

When he had woken up yesterday he had been a virgin. He had been a good Christian boy, though at 18, "boy" didn't seem quite right. It was all changing so fast. In a way, if Mary was pregnant with his baby, Chris felt a little cheated. Yes he'd taken part in making that baby. Yes he'd felt the seed when it entered into him. But he'd still feel cheated for not being the one spilling that seed, even though the seed was his. 

But he'd also taken Paul's cock inside Mary's vagina, because it had been Mary behind Paul's eyes. He looked back on that now with a mix of arousal and disbelief and disgust at the idea of feeling his brother's erection move inside him, even if it had felt extraordinary. 

"Mary! Breakfast now or never!" Mary's mother shouted from the kitchen. Chris startled, realizing he'd been getting himself worked up, when he should have been getting dressed. Mary's mother hadn't noticed a thing the previous day, but Chris had kept his mouth shut around her. Speaking of mouths, his mind went back to that kiss with Mary...no, he had to focus on getting dressed.

Again he downed a glass of OJ and a buttered toast and ran for the bus, slowed down by the bounce in Mary's cleavage. He spent his first class of the day in a daze. He hadn't run into any of his friends yet, since they all had different classes for first period. Mary was in a higher-level physics class than Chris was, and it was all over his head anyway, he had no hope of keeping up.

Between classes, he ducked into the bathroom to relieve himself, since he had forgotten to, when he had hurried out the door. This time he remembered to go into the ladies' room. 

Afterwards, he couldn't help it, as soon as he started touching himself down there, he got carried away, heedless of the little yelps escaping his clenched teeth. He was trying to quickly reach an orgasm to get some relief, but he was still figuring out how it all worked by trial and error, and when he was impatient, his fingers tended to go too hard, too fast.

Then he was interrupted by a knock on the stall door. Chris quickly pulled up his sweatpants and opened the stall door. In front of him was Theresa.

"Hey, it's me, Mary," she said, with Theresa's voice. With Theresa's slightly more slender build, and hair that gracefully curved at the shoulder. Chris prided himself on still being attracted to women. 

"I'm you again," Chris said, and then had to explain. "I'm Chris."

"Oh," Mary said, taking a second to think things through. "Look, that problem you were dealing with. Maybe I could help?" Mary said with a sly smile.

"You would do that?" Chris asked. He wasn't sure where this was headed, but he was dying to find out.

"If it'll keep you out of trouble, sure," Mary said. "But not here. Let's go to the wrestling room. It's not being used during this period."

They snuck through the halls together. As seniors on the verge of graduating from this high school, no one would think twice about the two of them cutting a class. When they got to the wrestling room, Mary flipped on the lights, revealing the padded floor, the wall to wall mirror. Fortunately the door had a lock on the inside.

Mary stepped close to Chris, and leaned in. Theresa was slightly taller, her neck a little longer, so Chris had to angle his head up to meet her lips. It was Chris's first time kissing a girl actually, and even though he had cherished when Mary had kissed him the day before, it had been tainted because she had kissed him with Paul's lips. 

Chris started to take the initiative, slipping his hands up under Mary's sweater, unclasping her bra. He was getting more practice with that. Mary gasped as Chris's hands slid across her chest, and stomach, reaching around her back and pulling her close. Hearing her gasp like that was a thrill, a sign he was doing something right. But soon Mary started undressing him. He tried to even the score, and got her to take off that sweater at least, but soon Mary had him down to just panties. And she slid those down off his hips without hesitation, because they were in fact her hips, her panties, and nothing that lay underneath was unfamiliar to her.

Chris lay back on the wrestling mat, as Mary climbed over and around him, kissing his neck, kissing those pillowy breasts, kissing a ticklish line down his stomach, kissing those thick thighs. Chris paid attention as closely as he could, knowing that Mary was showing him exactly what she liked, knowing that in her body, Chris would like it too.

At last Mary reached Chris's slit. Or it was really Mary's slit, though at this point Chris had experienced things with it that Mary never had. Chris felt her hot breath before he felt the teasing lick along his swollen lips, and then between them, where the moisture was building up, where the pressure was mounting. Mary's hand gripped the muscle of his leg as she carefully slid her tongue across his clit. Again, her caressing tongue felt electric against his sensitive nub, and the next time she teased his hole as well.

Unlike Chris, Mary knew what she was doing, and despite how gently, patiently she was building him up to it, Chris was soon approaching an orgasm like none he had experienced yet. 

"Oh god! I'm about to cum!" he gasped. He reached down and could just barely grasp the top of Mary's head, trying to press it into his crotch that much more, not that Mary needed the encouragement. He lifted his hips to meet her mouth, and then lost all control. His hips bucked, his knees shook, and he couldn't seem to get a good breath, as the orgasm lit him up from head to toe. 

Mary hung tightly to him through the storm of his ecstasy. Only when he stopped writhing and trying to fuck her face did she let go. When she stopped eating him out, he collapsed on the wrestling mat, his sweaty back sticking to the vinyl. Mary leaned up, grinning with pride. Chris felt about ready to pass out, though he knew it wouldn't be wise to do so naked in the wrestling room. They'd lucked out so far, and hadn't been disturbed, but that wouldn't last.

Chris still hoped this would be his last day of being a woman. But he was glad he'd been granted this second day in Mary's body, because otherwise he would have missed out on what had just happened.

Part 2: Mary

Mary licked her lips. She'd tasted her juices before--who hadn't?--but this was different. Knowing exactly what would work on her body, she had brought Chris to a humongous orgasm. Mary felt good about that for multiple reasons. If Chris was sexually satisfied, hopefully he wouldn't fuck anyone else. And she was hoping that she and Chris would pair off in the end, and giving him an intense orgasm probably helped ensure that. And lastly, since she had shown Chris what her body liked, maybe he would reciprocate sometime, when this was all over. 

It hadn't done much for herself though, leaving her feverish with arousal and dripping wet. But that was okay. Mary had other plans for Theresa's body today. She was still mad at Theresa for everything she'd done yesterday. First Theresa had lied to her, and claimed to be Chris. Then Theresa (in Chris's body) had fucked Mary's body unprotected, taking Mary's virginity in the process and possibly knocking her up. That had been a double betrayal, because she had tricked Chris into it, and she'd gotten to have sex with Chris first. And Mary resented that Theresa had possibly gotten her pregnant without Mary getting to feel what that was like. Now in Theresa's body, Mary had the perfect chance to turn the tables.

She gathered up the clothes that Chris had taken off of her, and started getting dressed again.

"Oh right," Chris said. "Should I take a morning-after pill, because of yesterday? I thought I could just leave it for you to figure out today, but..."

Mary froze for a second. On one hand, the contraceptive would be just one sin to add to her tally, and she wasn't planning to settle up with God until all of this was over. On the other hand, she wasn't certain whether she wanted it or not. Maybe having a baby from what happened yesterday would be appropriate punishment for it. Or maybe...it would take a paternity test to sort out which brother's sperm had done it, and Chris would probably do the right thing by her regardless. Maybe having a baby would be a blessing.

"Don't worry about it, I can sort it out tomorrow," she said. Though she knew that things might be back to normal tomorrow, or they might not, if today was any indication. If she didn't take the pill tomorrow, things could be too far along already by the time she could. But she had another day to sort out her feelings on the matter.

Chris was getting dressed as well, but Mary knelt down behind him to help get the bra back on. With that done, she gave him a kiss on the mouth, juices still on her chin, and left. 

At lunch time, Mary found Paul outside at a picnic table. 

"Paul?" she asked cautiously.

"Yeah, it's really me," he replied. "I can't believe I ended up back in my own body, given what happened to everybody else."

"Same here," Mary lied, letting him think that she was Theresa through and through.

"Oh you ended up back where you started too?"

"Yeah," Mary said. "I feel bad for Chris and Mary. But they're sure to be sorted out tonight. Third try's the charm."

"Theresa, I'm sorry that I gave your virginity away, and I'm sorry that it was with Mary," Paul said.

"I get it, I wasn't in my right mind either," Mary joked. "And um...the only thing I regret about that is that I wasn't there to experience it. So do you think...would you want to try it again, but from the other point of view?"

He got up from the picnic table eagerly and chucked the remains of his lunch into the trash bin. Mary took him by the hand, entwining her fingers with his. To pull this off, she had to be convincing, without reservation. She pulled him over to a storage shed. Putting her shoulder into it, she pushed the door open. It was musty and dark inside, but it was private, and had enough space for them to do their thing.

Mary turned to Paul, putting her arms around his neck and hissed him hungrily. That hunger was real, she'd been feeling it since she woke up, and had intensified it when she ate Chris out--eating out her own pussy. In no time, they stripped off all their clothes, and Mary had Paul lay down on the hard floor. She knelt between his legs and gave his erection a lick. 

But that wasn't all she wanted out of him. She moved up, straddling his waist, making out with him again, pressing her crotch down on his until she felt the nudge of his member against her. 

"Hey, do you have those condoms I bought for you?" Paul asked breathlessly.

"No, I threw them all out. I don't believe in contraception, remember?"

"You didn't believe in sex before marriage either, until yesterday."

"Like you said, until yesterday," Mary said, trying to shut him up with a kiss. She reached down and lined the head of his cock up with her slit, pressing just the tip to her hole. She could tell how eager he was, his hips rising to penetrate her just a bit.

"You could get pregnant from this," Paul said, though his body had fewer reservations about it.

"I know," Mary said, as she sank down on him, taking more of him within her. "I'm counting on it."

"Oh my god," Paul moaned, and Mary moaned right along with him. She'd never felt this before, never felt a cock sliding in and out of her, let alone one bearing life-sparking seed. Riding on top of him, she could control just how slow or fast they went, just how deep he slid into her, and just how much of him she let slide out again.

"Oh Theresa! Are you sure about this?" Paul asked. "This is for real. This is oh so real."

"Yesterday was real too," Mary said, as if she was one to talk. Paul had played it relatively safe the day before. "I...I'm cumming!" She said, as it almost took her by surprise.

"Ungh," he grunted, as he felt her vaginal walls contract around him. But Mary knew he hadn't cum yet, because she'd know for sure when he did. She stopped for a moment, sitting heavily on his lap and letting her orgasm run its course before she began riding him again. 

He had held out through her orgasm, which was more than she had expected, but it wasn't long after that, when his breaths turned to gasps, and she started to feel his rod swelling inside her. 

"Theresa, are you sure you want my sperm inside you?" he managed to ask, but Mary could tell he didn't have long to decide.

"Oh Paul, yes! I want it!" Mary urged him on, close to another climax. "Make me pregnant! Make me yours forever!"

She felt him swell up even more, his arms around her tightening, the head of his cock pushing as deep into her as he could get.

"Oh Theresa!" he cried, as his semen first shot out and deep into her, coating Theresa's cunt.

Mary finally got to feel a man cumming inside her, and it was everything and more. Every time she felt him swell inside her, his flesh expanding outward against hers, her whole body, Theresa's body, squeezed back against him, contracting, constricting, convulsing as she felt him pour more of himself into her, until she'd taken all he had to give. 

Then Mary collapsed on him, spent and full at the same time. Her knees felt wobbly and limp against the gritty concrete floor of the shed. She didn't care about the moldy air, she needed to catch her breath after that.

"I love you, Mary," Paul said. 

It took Mary a second to realize what he'd said, and another second to realize that he hadn't been fooled by her attempt to trick him into thinking she was really Theresa. She wasn't ready to lift her pussy off his cock, but she did tense up a bit with worry.

"How did you know?" she asked. "Was it something about the way I had sex?"

"No, I knew because I share a bedroom with Chris, and I could tell Chris wasn't really Chris. Theresa woke me up by sucking on my cock."

"I'm sorry for lying to you," Mary said.

Paul laughed. "You didn't convince me, so no harm done."

"Are you really in love with me?" she asked.

"I don't know, with all the endorphins, it felt like the thing to say," Paul said. 

Mary relaxed again on top of him, and squeezed him in as much of a hug as she could. She had gotten what she wanted, revenge on Theresa, and she'd gotten so much more out of it than she'd even expected. She felt full of warmth and contentment. 

Hopefully that night, she'd be back in her own body, and then sin be damned, she'd go on birth control right away if it meant experiencing something like this again.

Part 3: Chris

Chris had seen from afar when Mary went up to Paul at the picnic table, and he had watched the pair walk off, hand in hand. Even at a distance, Chris could see the affection between them, and when they snuck into the shed, he feared the worst. So he had watched the scene unfold, through a corner of the shed's dusty window. 

Something sank in the pit of his stomach as he watched them undress. Chris thought he and Mary had something special. "If it'll keep you out of trouble" she'd said, but then she'd gone looking for that trouble himself, without him. And it wasn't an isolated incident either. Mary had fucked Paul first the day before too. Her first time with a woman had been with Paul, and her first time with a man had been with Paul, and Chris was starting to feel jealous.

Now every time Paul tightened his grip on Mary's hips, every time Mary's should blades rose and fell, every time her cry of pleasure could be heard through the window, Chris could tell that Paul was erupting inside her, even though that was happening deep within the join of their flesh. Because Chris knew that feeling firsthand, his mind flashing back to yesterday when he'd had that same cock inside him, fertilizing him with the same sperm.

"Don't they look beautiful together?" Theresa said, looking over his shoulder. She was in Chris's body again.

"It should have been me," Chris said softly, despondently.

"Which one? Him or her?" Theresa asked.

It was a good question. Chris still wanted to wake up tomorrow and be himself again, and he wanted to share that version of himself with Mary, like Paul just had. At the same time, he envied Mary too. Visions of the day before flashed in his mind, when it had been Chris on the bathroom counter, Paul's cock sliding deep inside him, with Mary commanding it. And that first time, with Theresa. She had tricked him into it, but they had climaxed together all the same, and he'd felt things he never had before.

Inside the shed, the post-coital couple had collapsed on each other.

"Show's over," Theresa said, putting an arm around him. "Let's go somewhere else."

Chris let her lead him, and the idea of fucking Theresa, which he would have rejected an hour ago, started to make a lot of sense. As jealous as he'd felt watching Mary on top of Paul, it had also excited him, and now with Chris feeling bitter about what he'd seen, fucking Theresa seemed like a good way to get those frustrations out of his system. 

They were backstage in the high school theater, where only a few safety lights were on. The theater kids wouldn't show up until later in the afternoon. Theresa started taking off her clothes--Chris's clothes--and Chris realized to his surprise that whatever hormones were happening inside Mary's body, however her neurons were hosting his mind, he was, at least right now, attracted to men. Or at least to his own body, with Theresa in it. He walked up to her, and ran his hands across her chest, her broad, manly shoulders. He slid one hand behind the muscle of her neck and pulled her in for a kiss, the unshaved stubble bristling against his cheeks. 
