 Author's Note: Because this story takes place in a fantasy analogue of the Age of Sail, I am using the Imperial measurement system in all it's outdated glory. For most of you, that will mean it's hard to figure out what the weights mean. It's a way to give a rough idea of how much someone weighs without being locked down to a particular number. The ambiguity is purposeful. As for the bust sizes, well, those are modern. You'll just have to deal with the anachronism. Because this story is an analogue, I'm going to include real-world accent descriptions here for the characters who have them, just in case it isn't obvious.

Second Author's Note: I've tried to keep this cast list as spoiler free as possible, but some small revelations are inevitable with the descriptions of who people are. If you are still working through the first 10 chapters or so, skip this for now.

Main Cast:

Will Sterling: Former professional adventurer turned cartographer. Cursed with strange bad luck. 6 foot 3 inches tall. Weighs about 14 Stone. 33 years old. Lanky, with broad shoulders. Straight, light brown hair that hangs just past his jawline. Usually keeps clean shaven. Blue eyes. Tends to dress in a white shirt, black breeches and vest, and a black tricorn hat. Carries a rapier at his side. 

Belladonna Fortuna: Professional fortune teller and fairly skilled witch specializing in divinations and sex-based magic. Hails from the N'madi people, a nomadic people who are often not trusted by other cultures. 5 foot 7 inches tall. Weighs a little less than 11 Stone. 26 years old. 36 E bust. Very curvaceous. Long, black, curly hair, nearly always pouring out from beneath a headscarf. Dark brown eyes. Tends to wear multi-colored, patchwork skirts, a white, off the shoulder peasant blouse, and a vest-like underbust corset. Has a red and white monkey as a familiar. 

Jaine Castilian: Will's office assistant and bookkeeper. Born on the Mainland. Formerly an Acolyte of the Magistrate trained to sense people's motivations and whether they are being honest. Apprentice level at the engraving of Sigils, with a knack for a small number of more powerful rituals, such as the Truthtelling compulsion and a few other protective wards. "Received British" accent. 5 foot 7 inches tall. Weighs slightly less than 9 Stone. 22 years old. 34 C bust. Slender, with long, graceful limbs. Long, straight honey brown hair usually kept up in a neat bun on the back of her head and held in place with a silver stick. Large, bright blue eyes. Tends to dress conservatively in simple high necked, long sleeved blouses that button up the front, and dark floor length skirts. 

Jaqueline Hunter: Professional adventurer. Born on the mainland to a wealthy minor noble family. Highly educated. "Received british" accent. 5 foot 8 inches tall. 26 years old. 36 D bust. Weighs 10 and a half stone. Looks like she weighs less due to having a deceptive amount of muscle. Long, straight, dark brown hair usually pulled back into a single braid. Brown eyes. Wears sensible, well worn but cared for boots, dark brown trousers with large pockets on the thighs, a man's button up beige shirt, and a black hat with curved-up sides and a small silver skull on the brim. She carries a large, custom firearm with three barrels slung at her right hip and a machete sheathed horizontally at the small of her back.

Quinn: Jaqueline's manservant. Obviously non-human. Has green skin and upswept ears. 6 feet tall. Age unknown (appears to be in his 30s). Possesses supernatural powers related to water. Light "Persian" (Farsi) accent. Weighs a bit more than 16 stone. Stocky and very muscular. Covered in swirling filigree-like tattoos. Has many rings in his ears, and one in each nipple. His head is shaved save for a long, braided topknot of thick, dark green hair. Besides the topknot he has no other bodyhair. Black, almond shaped eyes. Wears heavy, armor plated boots and greaves, bracers, and a wide, armored belt that protects the lower half of his torso. A sarong completes his outfit. Carries two curved swords on his back. 

Belita Vex: Captain of the Kestrel. Her heritage is Mainlander, but she was born and raised in the free islands. "Seafarer's Brogue" accent (a blended combination of irish, cockney, and caribbean accents) 5 foot 4 inches. Weighs around 8 and a half Stone. 28 years old. 36 D bust (which looks bigger on her short frame). Thick, wavy, sun bleached blond hair that hangs to her mid-back, usually pulled back into a ponytail. Blue eyes. Very tanned skin. Two silver teeth on the upper right side of her smile. Two thin braids come from her temple, capped in silver beads. Usually she wears a loose, blousy white shirt, close fitting dark grey breeches, a belt and red sash around her waist, a knee length dark blue frock coat, and a tricorn hat with a blue band. She carries a cutlass on her hip and two pistols opposite the sword.

Supporting Cast:

Lord Hallister Morant: Minor nobility. Quite wealthy. Speaks with a "Received British" accent. 5 foot 11 inches. Weighs a bit more than 12 Stone. 49 years old. Short, well groomed white hair. Pale blue eyes. Dresses impeccably in a black suit and pale grey undershirt, with a diamond cravat pin and a top hat with a grey band. Carries a polished black cane.

Tolliver Lynch: Lord Morant's manservant. Tall and slender. Always neatly dressed and unfailingly polite. Also quite ruthless. 

Greyson Caine: Head of security at Merry Mary's. Has a reputation for being the toughest guy on the island, but doesn't look it. Mainlander heritage. 6 foot 1 inches tall. Weighs a bit more than 13 and a half stone. 35 years old, but looks closer to 50. Keeps his head and face shaved close, but doesn't do it often, so he always has a short stubble on his whole head. Dark blue eyes. Wears a simple grey doublet and loose trousers. Carries no weapons, but almost always has a dented metal tankard in his hand. 

Tonya: Belladonna's apprentice. Working girl at Merry Mary's. 5 foot 1 inches tall. Weighs about 7 stone. 19 years old. 30C bust. Straight brown hair, usually worn in intricate braid styles that show off her round, attractive face. Green eyes. Wears the fanciest dresses she can borrow from the wardrobe at Mary's. Carries a small knife, mostly for utility purposes.

Prelate Alexandra: Highest ranking Magistrate official on the island. Leader of the Magistrate forces in Prince's Cove and overseer of Fort Deliverance. Master diviner. 5 foot 6 inches tall. Weighs a little more than 12 stone. 44 years old. 38D bust. Wavy light brown hair that is going grey at the temples, usually kept up in a neat bun at the back of her head, and often covered by religious headwear. Grey-blue eyes. Wears the robes of her office in public. Carries no weapons. 

Coleman North: Quartermaster aboard the Kestrel. Stocky bearded mainlander. 5 foot 10 inches tall. Weighs 14 stone. 41 years old. Wiry black hair cropped close to his head, streaked through with grey, and a bristly grey beard streaked through with black. Hazel eyes. Tends to wear simple brown breeches with suspenders and a sleeveless tunic. Keeps a "panama" style hat folded and rolled in his pocket in case it rains. A few tools and pouches dot his suspenders, as well as a large knife sheathed upside down near his left shoulder.

Danica North: First Mate aboard the Kestrel. Short, stocky manilander. 5 foot 3 inches. Weights 11 stone. 36 years old. 36D bust. Light brown hair just beginning to grey at her temples, pulled back into a shoulder length braid. Dark brown eyes. Usually wears sturdy boots and grey men's trousers, but a brightly colored women's blouse. Usually wears a bowler hat on her head. A wicked looking hatchet with a curved back-spike hangs from a ring on her belt. 

Colin Strong: Helmsman aboard the Kestrel. Tall and broad, and powerfully muscled. Darker skin than most mainlanders. Unplaceable, mixed heritage. 6 foot 3 inches tall. Weighs 17 stone. 19 years old. Curly black hair kept shorn close. Keeps clean shaven because he can't grow much of a beard. Light brown eyes. Usually wears simple boots and brown trousers, and a paisley vest. He rarely wears a shirt under it, but when he does it's usually plain brown like his pants. Doesn't own a hat. Keeps a belaying pin tucked behind his belt and a folding knife in his pocket. 

{End Text Marker: DO NOT REMOVE: Paste Text Above This}