 Author's Note: This is a heavy chapter with a lot going on, but we are almost to the end. Only two more chapters await you after this one. Thank you for all the comments on the story. Please enjoy. 

*****

"I'm so sorry for your loss."

Stephen steeled his insides and nodded before passing to the next person who sprouted much the same sentence as he had already heard. In fact, he had long lost count of how many times he had heard that sentence in the last two hours. There was something about losing a family member that had an incredibly numbing effect, to the point where you felt as if every non-essential interaction earned an auto pilot response.

Not to mention, he grimaced every time his eyes drifted over to Grandpa's casket. His body was laid out in his best tuxedo, and a peaceful look was painted onto his worn out face. It was a welcome change from the last month of struggle that routinely passed the contours of his face: those looks of worry, stress, and pain now replaced by silent tranquility.

Stephen shook his head slightly. Tranquility for him, but grief for the rest of us. Nights were the hardest part, as they had been when his cousin, Danny, past away. From the dark eyes of his mother and grandmother, they were in a similar boat. Even Grace, who had only known the man a couple short months, had a tough time about it. All were testament to how deeply Grandpa had been ingrained into their lives.

After catching up with several cousins who he hadn't seen in many years, Grace slipped in by his side, her hand catching his in a tight squeeze of affection. "Are you okay?"

Stephen nodded, "Yes, but I can't wait to get out of here."

Grace nodded, and her vulnerable face slipped back into a brave, public one as she looked back out upon the crowd at the wake. Stephen didn't have to explain and she already knew. These events were hardest on close family, while most distant family used it as an excuse to socialize and catch up on years lost.

Even most of these faces, he felt like he had seen recently. A good portion of them were at Jack and Shelly's wedding over a month ago. The newlyweds themselves were there as well, recently back from their delayed honeymoon. 

"Stephen, I'm so sorry about your grandfather," offered Jack, with a comforting smile and a reassuring pat on the back. It was more of the same which, despite the good intentions, Stephen found himself aching for the wake to be over. 

If he thought the wake was bad, Stephen was in for a surprise. Grandpa's funeral was one of the most harrowing experiences of his life. Having to say goodbye one last time to Grandpa's pale, lifeless body just about took everything he had. He would never forget the scene at the cemetery, with his casket being slowly lowered into the ground, while the entire family looked on in stony silence.

Most of the family, that is. It was the only time Stephen had seen his Grandma ever truly break down, heavily distraught and crying. He tried to put himself in her shoes, to imagine what it must be like to lose a partner after spending almost your entire life together. Every time, his thoughts and imagination came up short. Sliding over to her side, he wrapped his arm around the tiny woman, hoping to give even the smallest amount of comfort. She clung to him as the casket was fully lowered, the tears flowing heavily.

Stephen looked over at Grace, who gave him a knowing look at the distress Grandma was in. He tried to imagine what it would be like if Grace died, and how he would feel. The very idea shattered him to the core, sending shivers down his spine. Even after such a short period of time, Grace was fully integrated into his life, and as much a part of him as his lungs or hands. 

Yet, take that feeling, and multiply it by sixty, he thought to himself. That's how Grandma feels right now. His arms pulled tighter in a comforting embrace. She sobbed quietly, yet enough for him to feel the wetness against his breast pocket. The damp material clung to him in the same manner as she did. 

After the funeral, everyone tried as best they could to go back to some semblance of normality. For Theresa Willow, that meant going back to her full work schedule, and spending even more time away from home in order to support the family. The twins went back to their friends, spending what was left of their summer at the local mall or parks. 

For Stephen, it meant getting back to work, and doing his part to support the family. Thankfully, that was one front that was about to get a lot easier. It was just two days after the funeral, and Stephen and Grace were just casually napping in his bed when his phone began to ring.

"Hello," Stephen answered.

"Stephen, it's Eric Gates, from work. How are you?"

Stephen sat up straight, knowing the call could only be one of two things: a promotion, or a firing. He prayed for the former. "I'm doing alright, Eric. What's up?"

"Well, I hope it's no surprise why I'm calling. I'll cut to the chase. The manager position is yours, if you want it. I'm supposed to give you twenty four hours to think it over and let me know. But I wanted to share the good news as soon as I could. You really nailed that interview."

"Wow, that's incredible!" Stephen practically laughed, watching a look of confusion form on Grace's face as she tried to decipher his conversation. "I can let you know my answer in the morning."

"Sounds great, Stephen. This going to come with a huge increase in pay for you. You're salary now. I'll send the details over to your email in the next ten minutes. But if you want the job, just give me a call back."

"Will do, thank you Eric. I really appreciate the offer. I'll let you know at my earliest."

"'Atta boy. Talk soon, Stephen!"

Stephen hung up the phone, and excitedly fist pumped the air above him. By now, Grace had figured out the gist of the conversation and came bounding into his arms. "You got the job?!"

"I got it, baby," Stephen grinned, hugging her tightly against him. 

"I knew you could do it! See, you should always listen to your sex genie," she teased, sticking out her tongue.

"Sex genie? I thought you were my girlfriend?" Stephen chuckled.

"Well, that too. And partner. And future wife, but who's counting all of that?" She giggled, counting off each title with a flick of her fingers. 

Sure enough, a few minutes later, Stephen's phone vibrated with a new email. He turned on his computer and printed out a copy of the offer letter to let him examine it more closely.

"Holy crap, Grace!" He exclaimed, looking at the provisions. "They are going to give me a $48,000 year salary for the position! That's more money than I've ever seen in one place! Plus full medical benefits, too! This is so cool!"

They read the offer letter together from front to back, while his eyes bulged at the possibilities in front of them with a much higher salary. Not only could he spare more to help his mother, but he could finally change his living situation as well. No longer would Grace have to hide during late hours just in case his mother poked her head in.

"Do you realize what we can do with this?" He asked her, pointing again at the total. 

"You mean, get a place of our own? I'm already one step ahead of you, babe," she laughed, before falling back down on his bed. "I hate having to pretend we don't sleep together every night."

"So do I! We can finally get our own place together. Move in like a real couple," he smiled.

"I'd love that so much, Stephen," replied Grace, her eyes glistening with excitement.

"Perfect. Let's start looking then," he grinned.

The very next day, bright and early, he called Eric to give him his affirmative confirmation about coming aboard, which was taken very well by the entire management staff. After all, he had been a well liked employee, with a good head on his shoulders, and who cared deeply about the store. 

"Welcome to management, Stephen!" Eric exclaimed, the pride evident in the inflection of his words. "Why don't you come in later today and sign the paperwork? I'll also need you do some brief training on order management before we can get you into the thick of it. Sound good?"

"Sounds good, Eric. I'll see you in a few hours!" Stephen replied, hanging up the phone.

That afternoon, Grace with Stephen made their way to the store, making the short drive together as they had many times before.

"I can't believe my boyfriend is the manager now," Grace teased, looking and fluttering her eyelashes at him. 

"Manager in training is more like it," replied Stephen, ironically.

"Yeah, but manager nevertheless. Now, you have power," she giggled, really emphasizing the last word.

"I think you like this more than I do," he chuckled, looking over to see her squirming in her seat.

"What can I say? The thought of my powerful boyfriend does really turn me on," she noted, shooting him a sultry gaze.

"Is there ever a time you aren't turned on?" He cracked.

Grace seriously thought about that for a moment, putting her finger up to her chin. "Last Monday, for about five minutes," she answered all too seriously, before splitting her cheeks with a wide grin, "But I'm always ready for you, babe." Grace reached across the console between them, giving his cock a subtle squeeze through his khakis.

"Later tonight," he laughed, shooting a casual grin over to her mischievous eyes. 

"Too far away," she playfully pouted.

They pulled into the lot at Price Chopper and quickly parked the car. As was usual on the days Stephen worked, Grace subtlety disappeared, assuming her invisible form so as to not raise any questions with his colleagues. While he could still feel her presence, she was completely blind to all, including him. 

"Hey Stephen," waved Abby, almost as soon as he walked into from the vestibule. "I hear you are the new 'head honcho' around here!"

Stephen couldn't stop himself from grinning, "Yeah, I just accepted the job this morning. Wait, how do you know about it already?"

She leaned in close, as if it was a carefully guarded secret, "Frank told me just about an hour ago. Guess they are all excited to stop doing double duty after so long a time."

"I guess word travels fast around here," he chuckled to himself. 

"Just promise not to restrict my hours or anything, okay?" She laughed, throwing him an exaggerated wink at the end. Grace let out a huff, obviously not pleased by the woman's display of casual flirting.

"Relax, it's okay," Stephen thought internally, in an effort to soothe his jealous genie.

"Anyway, what you are up to today? I didn't think you were working tonight," Abby asked, before looking down at tonight's schedule just to double check herself.

"You're right, but Eric asked me to come in and fill out the paperwork today. Guess I have to start my official training as well," he replied.

"Hope it's better than the lame training videos they used for us," she grinned.

"With my luck, probably not," chuckled Stephen.

"I don't know, Stephen," replied Abby, giving him a look he wasn't used to. "I'd say your luck has been pretty good lately!"

"That's it, I'm about to put her in her place!" Grace growled internally, and Stephen could feel her anxiety. 

"Shush you, it'll be fine," he replied, before looking to extricate himself from the situation.

"Well, I'm going to see if I can find Miguel before hitting that training. I'll talk to you later!" He replied, throwing a wave to Abby while his feet started to move away from customer service.

"See you," she waved back.

As Stephen walked the short distance back to the stock room, he could hear Grace muttering some choice expletives inside his head.

"I had no idea my girlfriend was so possessive," he chuckled internally.

Grace made a retching sound. "She just flirts with you so openly. Plus she has a new boyfriend now, so it annoys me more."

"She has a new boyfriend? Since when?"

"Since you made that wish, remember? His name is Dan, and he's a family friend. They've been going out for a couple weeks."

"I almost forgot about that wish," he thought.

"Good thing you have me to remind you of these things," she replied, not so innocently.

Stephen rounded the Produce corner, before heading towards the double doors on the way to the stock room. "Wait a minute though. Aren't you the one who's always trying to invite other girls into having sex with me? How's this any different?"

"It's totally different. One, she has a boyfriend. Two, when you did make a wish about her, you made it for her to find someone, and not have sex with you, leading me to believe you do not desire her. Three, she turned you down once, and any girl stupid enough to do that in the first place obviously doesn't deserve you. Plus, this is probably Grace the woman talking, but I don't like the idea of sharing you anymore," she ended finally, showing her vulnerability in her last lines.

"Okay, okay, that makes sense. Kind of," he chuckled to himself, causing a nearby lady to give him a funny look.

"I knew you'd see it my way," she announced, triumphantly.

He made a mental note to tickle her when she reappeared next, causing Grace to pout almost instantly. Shaking his head, he came upon Miguel near the entrance of the stockroom, who just happened to be standing over a pallet that had been loaded very sloppily, and had fallen apart during the unloading process. Boxes of goods were scattered about the floor.

Miguel looked up at him, and then smirked, "Oh hey boss. I'll have this mess cleaned up pronto, sir. Please don't dock my pay for it!" He ended that last phrase with a mocking plead by clasping his hands forward.

"I guess word got to you, too, already?" Stephen laughed.

"Are you kidding? The whole store knows already," Miguel replied, echoing the same statement as Abby. "You know how things are around here. I found out a couple hours ago when Eric was talking too loudly about it."

"You knew I applied for it though," replied Stephen, bending down to help Miguel clean up some of the mess.

"Sure did. Just never really processed you actually getting the job," smirked Miguel.

"Thanks for the confidence, pal," Stephen replied, sarcastically.

"What else are friends for?" jibbed Miguel, before going back to serious the next moment. "For real though, Stephen, great job. Congratulations, man!"

"Thanks Miguel. I'm pretty happy about it," Stephen mused.

"Not as happy as Eric, Frank, and Kevin, no doubt," he laughed. "They'll be glad just to have their normal schedules back. And me? I'm going to be happy knowing my good friend, Stephen Willow, is going to put me on the best shifts from here on out!" Miguel climbed back up onto another pallet, playfully laying back on it, and putting his hands behind his head, assuming a most relaxing pose.

Stephen tossed another box at him, "Actually, I'm recommending we cut your hours," he joked.

"Sheesh. You think you know a guy. And then, he gets all powerful and forgets where he came from," Miguel continued his teasing, playfully shaking his head back and forth in disappointment. "When Grace sees the new you, she's not going to like it, Stephen. Guess I'll just have to provide the ol' comforting shoulder."

Stephen tossed a bag of pasta directly at his face while Grace snickered internally, "Dream on, bro."

Together the two friends continued to joke about the new position until it was time for Stephen to head up to the main office and sign his paperwork. Sure enough, a small mountain of stationary awaited his signature as he signed aboard to become the newest manager. Eric looked on in pride, and Grace whispered her congratulations internally once he put down the last signature. 

His first training began almost immediately after. That day, he began to watch the corporate mandated training videos, just like Abby's prediction. It wouldn't have been so bad, if they weren't about twenty years outdated. Over the next few days, he began to shadow the other managers as they went about their routine duties, including order fulfillment, schedule creation, and store marketing. It ended up being more complicated than Stephen imagined, and he knew the new job would end up challenging him to a greater degree than just being a simple stock clerk.

Equally challenging were his first real days on the job, without the training wheels of the other managers being present. Being asked to handle the ordering for his section was a daunting thought, but he threw himself into it with vigor and the years of experience he had already. While there would be a learning curve for sure, he knew he would make the best of it, eventually. 

The best part about the new job was the following Thursday, when Stephen went in to get his first paycheck. The look on his face when he read the new amount must have shocked Abby, who had given him the check, as she devolved into laughter at seeing his stupor. For Stephen, he had never held a check with such a high quantity, and his mind began racing with all the possibilities now opened to them. No longer did his family have to live paycheck to paycheck. No longer did he and Grace have to pretend to modesty. A whole new life was opening up to them, and he was excited to see where it took the young couple.

"I just love that you think of this in terms of 'us' instead of 'me'," Grace said as they began to leave.

"That's what it is though, right? Just me and you against the world."

Grace giggled, "I love you, Stephen."

As Stephen and Grace walked back out to the parking lot, he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. He had a new message from his mother. "Making dinner tonight at 4. Please bring Grace."

After showing it to Grace, who just raised an eyebrow, Stephen put the phone back in his pocket. "Wonder what that's all about."

Yet, 4 pm was still a good two hours away, and they had a date at the gym as their next stop. In the seven weeks that he had been on Grace's diet plan, he had lost a total of fourteen pounds. While the weight came off more easily at first, he was now losing consistently, and much of that was due to his strict exercise and meal plan that was outlined so carefully in his workout guide. It helped too that for the first time in forever, he could stare at himself in the mirror without a shirt and not feel disgusting. His body was tightening, and his gut was shrinking. Working out made him feel amazing, and the progress was worth all the effort he had expended.

After a long workout session that included a heavy portion of lifting and a long biking session with Grace, the couple made their way home after a long, and generous shower, thanks to Grace. Pulling into the driveway, Stephen was surprised to see a car he didn't recognize. Whose car is that?

Together, the couple exited the car and approached the house, entering in the main door. Coming upon the kitchen first, Stephen was surprised to see that it was empty. Yet, on the main kitchen island, an open bottle of wine remained, clearly a recent addition.

"Mom?" Stephen called out, finding the situation a little more bizarre than usual.

"Oh, Stephen, you're home!" came the voice of his mother from the other room. Finally, Theresa Willow poked her head out from the living room, finding the couple standing there with very confused looks written into their faces. "You brought Grace, too! This is just perfect," she beamed.

"Yeah, what's with the wine in the kitchen?" Stephen asked. As long as he had known his mother, she hadn't been much of a drinker.

Theresa gave an unsure smile, which was far from her usual. "Well, about that, and the reason I asked you both to dinner, is that, I... I've met someone. And I thought it was serious enough that I wanted to introduce you to him."
