 Mister Garrik looked up at the ceiling, raising an eyebrow at the muffled sounds of a woman's pleasure. "Mister Sterling, I appreciate your time, but I came here to do business, not be distracted by the sounds of blue theatre."

Will cleared his throat. "Apologies, Mister Garrik." Will's quick mind pulled a lie out of thin air. He was talking before he'd really formulated his story. "I am hosting a friend who... used to work as a brothel girl. She upset the madam and was kicked out of her room. I gave her a place to stay, but she still has to earn a living."

"These mid-reach islands really have no shame at all, do they?" Garrik chuckled. "Even the cartographer runs a whore house here."

"It is a temporary thing. Unfortunately it overlaps with my preparations to leave. I'd prefer to keep our business separate from her business, but this is the necessity." Will offered Garrik the map he had just finished while Garrik signed a piece of paper. They traded. 

"Appreciated, Mister Sterling. Good luck in your endeavors," he looked at the ceiling again, "and your new living arrangement."

The bell on the door chimed to announce Mister Garrik's departure and then closed with a thud. Will exhaled and looked toward the bookshelf that blocked the stairwell with a mixture of amusement and exasperation on his face. He poured himself a glass of water and finished half of it in one pull, then went to his office and started picking up women's clothing. 

His desk would never be the same again. Amid the smears and blots there were four separate, distinct black handprints set down in the throws of passion, and a long black stain that was unmistakably a very curvy woman's back and butt. He shook his head. It hadn't been much of a desk before. He'd pulled it out of a shipwreck, like most of the things he'd furnished his home with. It was a captain's desk. As such it was fairly compact, but overbuilt. Will decided that the ink gave it some much needed character, even if that character was salacious. Oh well. He could cover it with a cloth or something if he ever needed to have anyone inside his office that wasn't currently upstairs having rather noisy sex.

He went upstairs with an armload of clothing, gently opened the door, and walked in to see Bella climbing onto the bed and curling around Janie. 

They were beautiful. He leaned in the doorway and just watched for a moment. Janie was flushed, her breath coming in slow bursts causing her breasts to rise, then fall abruptly. Her eyes were closed, a contented smile on her face. She hadn't even heard the door open. Bella on the other hand, was completely aware of him. She rotated her upper body towards him, eyeing him with lascivious amusement. Her massive breasts rolled and flattened a bit as she turned onto her back. She seemed to be showing off her handiwork. Will nodded his silent approval. Bella tipped an imaginary hat. 

"You two make working very difficult," Will said. 

Janie's eyes popped open. She groaned her embarrassment and turned her face into Bella's side, hiding. 

"You have nothing to be ashamed of, luv." Bella said, peting Janie's arm. "Whatever they heard downstairs just made their day better."

"I'm supposed to be working," Janie said into Bella's side.

"You're on lunch," Will said, coming into the room and dropping their clothes in a chair.

Janie pulled the blanket over her naked body. Will and Bella both laughed. "We've both been tongue deep inside you, luv," Bella teased, "No sense in being shy now."

Will squeezed in on the other side of the bed, laying down and trapping Janie between himself and Bella. Janie rolled over and wrapped her arms around Will, laying her head on the crook of his shoulder. "I shouldn't be doing this," she said quietly.

"That ship sailed last night," Will chuckled. "Personally, I don't regret anything." 

"Me either," Janie said, still burrowed into Will's muscular chest. "I ruined your table though." 

"We ruined his table," Bella corrected. 

"Wait until you see it," Will grinned. Bella saw his expression, but Janie didn't.

There was a loud knock from downstairs. Janie suddenly clenched Will's shirt just before he started to get up. He stopped. "I'll pay for it," Janie said.

Will laughed again. "Janie, I wish you'd ruined it like that years ago." Janie looked up in confusion. Will kissed her. Bella watched, feeling quite self satisfied.

Will pulled away and stood up. Janie rolled back toward Bella and put her head on the larger woman's shoulder. "I'll clean up your office as soon as I'm dressed," Janie said, still trying to offer something to make up for the guilt she felt.

"There's no rush. You can do it after lunch," Will said. There was another knock at the door. Will stuck his head out the window. "On my way down," he called.

He came around the bed and hooked his hand behind Bella's neck, lifting her up. She squeaked in surprise and then made a contented noise as Will kissed her. Janie watched, shocked at first, then simply impressed. Bella's back was arched, thrusting her prodigious breasts upward, her head was tilted back with her long curly hair trailing behind her. Will was bent at the waist, holding her up with one hand. They were joined at the lips. They looked like the art on the covers of the trashy penny dreadfuls sold in the market. Somehow, in real life it didn't seem trashy. It was... art. Warm sunlight streamed in from the window above the bed bathing Bella's skin in a dusky gold hue. Will was partially in silhouette from the way the shadows fell. They were beautiful.

The kiss broke and Will shook his head, excited and frustrated. Bella pouted adorably. "Wish you could stay." Her voice was low and throaty, full of promise. Janie snickered. 

Will stood up. "Duty calls," he muttered sarcastically. 

"Make him go away. Tell him you're closed," Bella suggested. "I want to show Janie what two tongues feels like..." Janie looked scandalized. Will laughed. 

"You'll have to conjure a spare then. This client is important," Will said with a shake of his head.

Bella's knees drifted apart. Will's brow's knitted like he was concentrating. Janie wasn't sure who's side she was on. 

"Evil temptress," Will breathed.

"Good temptress," Bella corrected, her fingers slowly trailing down her stomach and between her legs. 

In spite of the fact that she'd just had the most intense sexual experience of her life, and was laying naked pressed up against the gorgeous woman who'd given that experience to her, and the fact that her boss was only a few feet away watching them both, Janie was still shocked at Bella's behavior. Like it wasn't really happening. Like she was a spectator rather than a participant. Bella traced her fingers along her glistening sex and let her eyes make promises to Will. It was the most brazen, lustful thing Janie had ever seen in her life, and she loved it. She squeezed her thighs together as the wet heat began spreading again. She was still so sensitive, only that small pressure and stimulus was enough to send a small aftershock through her. She trembled and curled her toes, turning her face into Bella's side. A small, hungry noise escaped her, muffled into the side of one of Bella's breasts.

Will swallowed, his throat suddenly dry. His eyes went back and forth between them. Bella grinned as he adjusted the uncomfortable bulge in his breeches. Janie peeked up from behind Bella's breast looking at Will, amused at his obvious frustration, trying to hide her smile. The moment hung in the air.

Another knock came from downstairs. 

"Fuck," Janie muttered angrily. 

Downstairs, an impatient merchant heard the sounds of explosive laughter coming from somewhere above him in the old lighthouse. 

_______________

"Thanks for the assist," Bella said. She was sitting cross legged on the bed. Janie was still stretched out. 

"With what?" Janie asked.

"Teasing Will," Bella grinned.

"I didn't do anything," Janie shook her head. "That was all you."

"Sure you did," Bella nudged. "The coy, embarrassed thing really works for you." 

"I really was embarrassed!" Janie said, turing a little red again. "I don't know how you weren't!"

"The best performances are real," Bella teased. "I particularly liked the part where you had a little orgasm right in front of him, but tried to hide it. That was much more effective than what I was doing."

"I didn't mean to! It just happened!" Janie was stricken.

"I thought he was going to jump on us right there," Bella laughed. 

"I wish he had," Janie said, then covered her mouth with her hand.

"Me too," Bella ran her hand down Janie's leg. "Maybe next time."

"Next time?!" Janie's chest knotted up. "This time was bad enough."

"Oh, I thought you liked it." Bella knew what Janie really meant, but she still made a show of being concerned. It seemed like what Janie needed.

"I loved it. I still can't believe it happened. It seems like something that happened to someone else." The knot in Janie's chest started fluttering.

"It really happened. Only a few minutes ago. And it can happen again if you want. With or without Will." Bella let her hand linger on Janie's thigh. 

"I think I would like that," Janie smiled. 

"Oh good." Bella ran her hand up Janie's thigh to her hip, enjoying the feel of her warm soft skin.

"I don't know about adding Will though. The idea is interesting, but I don't even know how that would work. I don't know if I like the idea of taking turns," Janie said.

Bella snorted and shook her head. "You're just lacking imagination. Trust me." She rolled her eyes. "Taking turns," she scoffed.

"My mother would be horrified at me," Janie said, the competing waves of excitement and shame and anxiety leaving her feeling bewildered. 

"My mother would be extremely proud of you," Bella assured her. "And so am I." 

"Well I suppose that explains some things about you," Janie said, then looked shocked at what she had said. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean-"

Bella was laughing. "Don't apologize for being right. My mother could give a Succubus lessons."

Janie couldn't help but laugh. There was something about Bella that was so freeing. She felt like she could say anything, admit anything. She had spent her whole life holding everything in, and now, with Bella, that was gone. Images of an older version of Bella entwined with some demoness flitted through her head. "If she's anything like you, that sounds like it would be fun to watch."

"Oh, she's impressive to see in action," Bella admitted.

Janie's eyes felt like they were going to pop out of her head. "You've- With your mother?!"

Bella's hands went up, waving back and forth. "Oh no! Not with her. No. But I have seen her." Bella lay down next to Janie so their heads were right next to each other, looking into her big blue eyes. "I'm a witch. I specialize in sex magic. I know my people have a reputation for all the women being witches, but it isn't really like that. There's not very many N'madi witches anymore, and we tend to learn from family. So yes, I've seen my mother have sex. Only in the context of learning spellbinding, and it's not like I was right next to her, and I was never the only other person there. All the apprentices sit in on the lessons."

"So you all just gather around and... watch? How old were you?" Janie was fascinated and uncomfortable.

"No one younger than sixteen years is allowed into those kinds of lessons," Bella said, trying to assure Janie. She wasn't sure if it was working.

"Still though, you watched. Your own mother. That's... wrong!" Janie said. It was the only thing Bella had said so far that Janie just couldn't reconcile. 

"Everyone has sex, Janie. Well, almost everyone. It's a completely natural thing. Animals do it in front of everyone. Do they care who's watching?" Bella tried to explain.

"We aren't animals," Janie said firmly.

"We are," Bella insisted. "We're just animals with delusions of grandeur and unnecessary rules to help us justify our actions."

Janie shook her head. "We have divine purpose. Humans are special among all creation."

"Why?" Bella asked.

"Because that is what the Gods tell us. We are their chosen vessels," Janie smiled, hoping Bella would understand.

Bella sighed. "I wish that were true, but I just can't see it. There is just too much evil in the world, and most of it is our own fault. If the hands of the gods are in that, than they are very cruel gods. People are monsters to each other."

"That's not all people are!" Janie insisted, "There's so much good in us!"

"Just enough to let us pretend, and to find solace in each other until the next atrocity," Bella said. She didn't sound spiteful. Just resigned.

"Why do you say that?" Janie asked. Then she realized. Bella was N'madi.

"Because I've lived it," Bella said. "My mother lost her entire family when she was a child during the Witch Purges. The Magistrate Inquisitors put her in a Truthtelling when she was only nine years old, and I still don't know how she managed to avoid being burned alive. She never talks about it. What I do know is that the N'madi who survived had to band together, form new families, and run. Many of us got on boats. That's what my family did. We abandoned our entire way of life, left the caravans behind, and took to the seas to get away from the Magistrate, and now, only a generation later, they've followed us out here. My entire life I've been afraid. I get leered at and spit at in equal measure. I've lost more than one person to holier-than-thou zealots who can't accept that the Purges are over. Some people, even way out here, think I should be burned just for being a N'madi witch. It doesn't matter that the Magistrate themselves say that I'm a good person. It doesn't matter that I've never hurt anyone. It doesn't matter that I'm one of two people on the whole island who can make Hex bags and Fertility charms. I give every woman here the power to choose whether or not they bear children, and some of those women still think I should die because of who I am. I came out here to get away from all that, and for years I mostly did. Now, with Fort Deliverance complete, all the things I was running from are starting to come back."

"The Purges are over. They were wrong, and the Magistrate has tried to make amends," Janie said. The words felt like ash on her lips as she spoke them.

"How do you make amends for countless people killed? We don't even know how many of us died. Or how many of us are left. In my mother's caravan, it was three. Out of fifty four." 

Janie had learned of the Purges in school, but she'd been educated by the Magistrate. The instructors called it a dark chapter in their history, and convinced her that the Magistrate was different now, that they had made peace with the N'madi people. She had never really thought about the scope of it before. She felt sick.

"I am Magistrate. How can you not hate me?" Janie asked. 

"You are? Will said you'd left them." Bella asked. She didn't seem upset. Janie didn't understand how.

"Well, yeah. I did. They think I am still one of them though. I still live at the Fort, but I'm... I don't think of myself as one of them anymore." It felt good to admit that.

"I thought as much. I can't very well hate you for the past you are trying to leave behind, can I? That wouldn't' be right." Bella smiled warmly. 

"My grandfather is an Inquisitor," Janie admitted. Something flickered behind Bella's eyes. Anyone else would have missed it, but Janie didn't. That was fear. Bella had it under control quickly, but Janie saw it. 

"What do you think of him?" Bella asked. Her tone was careful not to betray the turmoil in her mind, but her eyes were still tight. That was enough to let Janie know this question, and how she answered it, was important. Janie decided to just be as honest as possible. 

"He's a monster. He makes my skin crawl every time I'm around him," Janie said fiercely. "He's the reason I decided to leave the Magistrate."

"Sounds like a good choice to me," Bella said. Again, she held in how she felt, but janie knew. The relief that flooded through Bella was practically palpable. 

"Still, it's part of who I am. I don't know how you can overlook that," Janie said. "I don't think I could."

"Forgiveness is an important part of my culture." Bella said. "We even have a special holiday about settling grudges and forgiving slights. It's important to us to let go of blame and hate. We'd have wiped ourselves out a long time ago without that."

"How so?" Janie asked. All she knew of the N'madi were the stereotypes, and their mentions in the annals of the Witch Purges. Neither were particularly positive accounts. She was starting to realize just how much she didn't know.

"My people do a lot of... bad things. Mostly to each other, but the stereotypes about thefts and kidnappings, well, they have a kernel of truth to them. They're over-inflated by racism and ignorance, of course. There's cultural reasons for all of it, but I don't know if I buy them as justifications anymore. At this point it's all mostly just tradition, and excuses to not feel guilty about awful behavior. Because of that, we have to put a lot of importance on making amends and forgiving each other. Without that, the blood feuds would never end. There are a few families who still keep to the old ways, and they're almost gone because they keep killing each other over ancient slights, or getting in brutal fights with other cultures."

"That's what started the Purges," Janie said. She'd read something about that, but the details about the people committing the massacres being a violent cultural offshoot of the N'madi were glossed over in her history texts.

"Yes," Bella said sadly.

"So it wasn't even your people's fault." Janie's heart was breaking.

"No." Bella shook her head. Again, she had herself under firm control, but Janie see the deep well of sadness behind Bella's wistful smile. 

"I'm so sorry," Janie said. She didn't know what else to say.

"You didn't do it," Bella said, "And you aren't making excuses. That's pretty rare in my experience."

Janie smiled, "With people like you around, it will get less rare."

Bella grinned. "Who'd have ever thought a N'madi witch and a Magistrate Acolyte would be lovers?"

"I think I'd get excommunicated, and it was worth it." Janie sighed, rolling onto her back, reveling in the amazement of how amazing sex with Bella had been. "If I ever meet your mother, I'm going to thank her." The full context of what she'd just said dawned on her and her face scrunched up in embarrassment. 

Bella laughed like a banshee, also flopping down on the bed. "Oh no," she finally said, "I didn't learn that from mother. She was never interested in other women. I grew up in a circus. I learned that from the contortionists."

Janie looked at Bella like she'd grown a second head. A moment later they were both laughing uncontrollably.

Downstairs, for the second time, a stuffy, overdressed man stared at Will's ceiling. 

Will sighed.

_______________

The small bell on the door rang again. Bella peeked around the corner to make sure the room was clear of customers, then she swished out from behind the bookcase, followed by Janie. They were both fully dressed again, though Janie was missing her stockings. Luckily her skirt was long enough that it was nearly impossible to notice. Bella's ink stained petticoat was hidden beneath the other layers. 

Bella hopped up on the edge of the table and crossed her legs. Will looked at her with a mix of patience and amusement on his face. "You're a menace," he said.

"I know," she grinned. 

"What was all that cackling?" Will asked

"It's called fun. You should try it sometime," Bella snarked.

Will rolled his eyes. "You're worse than that shrieking monkey of yours. Where is the little monster anyway?" He asked, realizing he hadn't seen the monkey at all. He was instantly suspicious. He patted himself down, making sure all his belongings were in place.
