 It was too late to stop, or think, or worry about any kind of modesty. The ritual was complete and would no longer be denied. Bella's back arched. Her shoulders and hips were the only part of her in contact with the table. One hand clutched the card in her hand. The other reached up to hold onto Tonya, who grabbed her arm to help steady her. She felt Will's cock start to jerk inside her, she lunged forward and hooked her hands around his neck, pulling him into a searing kiss, and then her orgasm took her. And his too. Usually when Bella came, she let out small squeaks that she was still faintly embarrassed by. This time, the noise that escaped her was low and ragged, more animal than human.

The fully expanded and powered pattern linked them as one. They were suddenly sharing each other's sensations. Will's orgasm was surging, violent, and sudden. It triggered Bella's thundering, rolling, shocking storm of pleasure. Bella had felt something like this before. She could feel the yearning, pleasurable thrusts. She knew she was enjoying the feeling of her own clenching vagina as experienced by Will's driving cock. She had to admit, being a man felt fun, but still, it was over too soon. She only had to ride out the short feeling of blissful eruption as Will climaxed before she was back to the familiar feeling of her own long awaited longer, rolling release. 

Will didn't understand what was happening to him at all. It felt like he was melting and bursting at the same time. His eyes were closed, but he could still see the brightness of the red light coming off of them though his eyelids.

The unending humming thrum of the sigil heightened everything, and Bella's orgasm, strengthened by the build up and denial, crashed over him and left him shaking and gasping against Bella's lips. They shook together with each pulse of release. It was like one of his own normal orgasms at first, and then another one but lengthened. Stretched out over longer time. Not a sudden burst, but a quake. "Holy fuuuuck," he groaned against Bella's lips. She just grinned as the pleasure surged through her.

He felt like he was still ejaculating. His cock was jumping, but there was no way anything could still be coming out of it. Eventually it all subsided. No. Another burst washed through him as Bella shuddered with an aftershock.

"Is that you?" he asked, finally catching on.

"Mmmhmm," Bella nodded. "It worked. We synchronized. We're both feeling what the other feels."

Captain Vex, still standing in the doorway, was gaping openly, dumbstruck by the scene. Her new navigator was glowing and holding a fan of tarot cards while fucking a stunning N'madi woman with giant breasts, who was also glowing, and there were more cards stuck to her body. A petite second girl appeared to be holding the N'madi girl down. In spite of the strangeness of the tableau, the mystically charged orgasm she'd just watched was so powerful that she swore she felt it from the doorway. 

"I'll 'ave what they're 'aving," Vex said, gesturing with a small metal cup.

Will looked over and fully realized the spectacle he was part of. His new captain and seven working girls were looking at the three of them, and behind the cluster in the doorway most of the Lounge was straining for a peek as well. Bella rolled her head to the side and blinked. Then she started laughing. Will couldn't help but join her.

"Hi, Captain," he said giving Belita a little wave.

"Hi yerself," Belita snorted. "What the hell was that?"

"Magic?" he shrugged. 

"Issat yer witch?" Captain Vex asked, gesturing to Bella with her cup. Bella wasn't the sort to blush. She carefully placed the card she'd drawn on the third glowing swirl, just below her belly button. She raised an eyebrow at will, waiting for him to answer the Captain's question.

"Sure is," he chuckled. He realized his cock was still hard inside her. He figured 'in for a penny in for a pound,' and gave Bella a little bumping thrust. She gasped and stared at him, half impressed, half scandalized. His eyes went wide as he realized he was still feeling what she felt. One of the girls in the doorway cupped her hands to her mouth. "Fuck her!"

"Don't enc- nngg- courage him, Alyssa!" Bella managed to say, waving feebly toward the woman who'd egged them on. Will pulled out a bit and bumped forward a little harder. Their small crowd cheered. Even Captain Vex was laughing along to their unplanned sex show.

"Will!" Bella squirmed, trying and failing to sound indignant. He bumped again, reveling in the combined sensation of sex from two perspectives. Bella grabbed the table and groaned. The doorway girls cheered louder. 

"This was not how I wanted to meet the captain!" Bella said, trying to hold back how good it felt. 

Vex snickered and tipped her hat Bella's way. "Ye make one hell of'a first impression."

Bella's exasperated sigh was completely ruined by another thrusting bump. "Tonya," she said to her apprentice, who was still sitting on her chair, unsure of what to do. She'd managed to tug her blouse back up over her chest, but that was about it. "Can you," Bella continued, gesturing ambiguously at the door. Another thrust sent shivers of bliss through her, triggering another clenching aftershock. Will and Bella gasped at the same time, both feeling it.

"Huh. That's how I make you feel?" Will was a bit overwhelmed. "That's amazing."

"Well, you had some help this time," Bella grinned, tapping the still glowing, but much dimmer sigil.

"I almost went for the salt," Tonya said, finally standing up and taking the few steps to the door. She started to tug the curtain closed. A few of the girls watching boo'd and aaaw'd. Tonya swatted at one of them. "Don't even pretend you aren't going to keep watching through the cracks you harlots." A few of them laughed.

Captain Vex reached up and stopped the curtain from sliding, her eyes narrowing in confusion as she squared off against the diminutive Tonya. "How come ye got a clown nose on?"

Tonya blinked in confusion and touched her nose, then her eyes widened. She yanked the curtain closed and rushed over to the mirror on the wall, seeing the little red smudge of red cream for the first time. "How come neither of you told me!!" she shrieked. 

Will and Bella both erupted with laughter. The curtain girls joined in. Tonya rubbed at her nose. "When? How? Wait, when you tapped me on the nose?" 

Bella nodded, unable to form words through her laughter. Will bent over and put a hand on the table to hold himself up while his body shook.

"This whole time?!" Tonya rubbled. Bella waved her hands feebly, trying to breathe. Tonya finally got the edge of the dot to peel up. It came off in one piece, but left a faint pink stain behind. "Oh, come on!" she yelled at the mirror.

The squeezing and clenching from the uncontrollable laughter had both Will and Bella struggling between the pleasure and the comedy of Tonya's plight. The petite girl turned around and glared at Bella. "You let me give a blowjob with a red nose?"

More shrieks of laughter exploded from the door curtain. 

Tonya sat down on her chair in a huff. "See if I keep you from spontaneously combusting again."

"I'll make it up to you," Bella giggled. 

Tonya's eyes narrowed shrewdly. "I'm listening."

Bella tapped the faintly glowing pattern on her chest. "This stuff isn't just paint."

"Well yeah, I know that," Tonya huffed. "I helped you make it. It's got a bunch of Cerise's drugs and stuff in it too."

"It does?" Will asked. 

"Yes," Bella replied to them both. "A few of those oils and powders, in combination, make a fairly potent aphrodisiac."

"So?" Tonya shrugged, "That's just part of the ritual stuff."

"Sooooo, Will's still hard," Bella grinned. Tonya's eyes lit up and she looked to where Bella and Will were still joined. "He's going to be hard for hours." Will's brows rose.

Tonya excitedly grabbed Bella's face and bent down to kiss her, but Bella's finger got in the way. "Hold that thought. We aren't quite done yet, so you still can't touch the pattern." 

"Hurry uuuuup!" Tonya said, bouncing on her chair. There was more laughter from the door curtain.

"Patience, or I'll make you do some denial practice with Rocky," Bella smirked.

Tonya looked at the phallus on the ground with trepidation. "Can we keep him on low?"

Bell laughed. "Maybe if you're lucky."

"So what now?" Will asked.

"We still have to close the ritual properly so we can do the reading," Bella said. "I'm tapped into your aura, so your curse should be overlapping both of us right now. That will let me get a strong reading about how my presence will interact with it later."

"How do we close it? Do I need to do anything?" Will asked.

"Just kiss me," Bella said.

Will leaned down and they completed the ritual the same way they began it. Bella slowly pushed withdrawing Will's hard length from her with a small, happy sigh, breaking their kiss at the same time he fully withdrew from her. Through their link, Will felt the sudden feeling of emptiness that Bella experienced. 

"That is so weird," he said. 

"Oh, it's going to get weirder," Bella said. She swung her legs down, enjoying the relief and the ache in them from keeping them braced and clenched for so long. "Mmmm," she groaned, slowly standing up. 

"Ok, it's all done. You can trade me," she said to Tonya. Somehow the cards stayed exactly where they were, stuck to Bella's body. 

Tonya used the purple tablecloth to wipe up the slick of perspiration Bella had left behind. "You two are messy."

"Good sex usually is," Bella shrugged sitting down in Tonya's chair. 

Tonya untied her skirts and let them fall in a puddle on the floor. Suddenly nude from the waist down, she hopped up on the edge of the table and spread her knees, too excited to bother with any kind of seduction.

"Wait, wait," Will said. "This feels a little... impersonal."

Tonya and Bella shared a look. Bella shrugged. "He's like that." 

Tonya rolled her eyes and then looked up at Will. "Alright, how do you want to fix that?" she asked.

"I don't know," Will shrugged. 

Tonya looked at Bella gain, her face full of frustration and questions. Bella had pulled all the cards off of herself and laid them out in a line on the table. Now she was picking Rocky up off the floor. She looked up at Tonya's imploring face and shrugged. "I don't know, convince him."

Tonya's eyes flashed. She hopped up off the table slid to her knees in one motion, quickly sliding Will's cock into her mouth. Will grabbed her head in surprise. "That wasn't quite what I-"

"Hush," Tonya said with her lips against the end of his cock. He tasted like Bella. She licked all up and down his shaft enjoying the flavor. "I need this cock in me right the hell now. Rocky's great, but he isn't real. He isn't this. Do you want to make sure everything feels just right or do you want to fuck my tight little body?" She plunged her mouth back down his shaft as far as she could take him.

Bella took a deep breath, her hips rolling into the chair. Even though she and Will were separated, their sensations were still merged. Their hearts still beat as one. She could feel what he felt as Tonya's enthusiastic mouth worked on him. "Didn't think this through all the way..." she gasped, putting her hands down flat on the table and squeezing her thighs together. Another aftershock trembled through her, and also through Will. 

Will's cock jumped in Tonya's mouth as he felt the shuddering orgasmic echo move through Bella. Will groaned. Tonya stopped and looked over her shoulder at Bella. "Wait, so when I blow him, you feel it?"

"For right now, yeah," Bella said.

"And when he fucks me, you'll feel it?" Tonya grinned, stroking Will's cock while she talked. Bella nodded, her eyes wanting to roll back in pleasure.

"I'll feel what he feels," Bella clarified. 

"And he feels what you feel." Tonya said rhetorically. Bella nodded again."Sex magic is so much fun!" Tonya said, hopping to her feet.

She pulled Will by the cock around the table, then she knelt down next to Bella's chair and grabbed the older witch's thighs. She spread Bella's legs and and turned her a bit, then tugged her right to the edge of the seat.

Bella let her, quickly seeing where this was going. "I'm still full of his cum," she said. It wasn't really a warning. To Tonya, it was more like incentive. The petite girl let out a "Yessss," and buried her lips between Bella's smooth legs.

Will felt a rush of a warm, wet sensation somewhere at the base of his cock, which twitched. It was a strange thing. A feeling that felt like it was his, but that he knew hadn't come from him at all. "Well that's different."

"Less talking, more fucking me!" Tonya said from between Bella's thighs. She wiggled her hips back and forth enticingly. 

"In a just a minute. I want to feel something," Bella grinned, her eyes bright with anticipation and arousal. She beconned to Will. "Come here."

Will knew better than to ask why. That look always meant something he'd enjoy. He took a few steps around Tonya to stand next to Bella. Tonya whined in frustration. Bella pulled Will a little closer and looked up into his eyes as she slowly brought her mouth down over his cock. Her lips closed around his head and her tongue swirled. She groaned and rolled her hips as the sensations of Tonya lapping at her clit and actually feeling the blowjob she was giving each tangled together inside her. Bella bobbed a few times, lower and more luxuriant than Tonya's more frenetic pace. She came off of him, her lips finally coming together as his cockhead slid all the way out. She kept stroking with her hand. "The last time I did this ritual, I hadn't learned how to do the throat trick yet." Then she pushed his shaft back into her mouth again, sliding slowly deeper and deeper, taking him all the way to the root. Will groaned and put a hand on the ceiling to steady himself. Bella rolled her hips harder and moaned, grabbing desperately at Will's hip and Tonya's head. She rolled her head around a bit, keeping him fully sheathed down her throat, not wanting to come up for air because of how good it felt to feel what she was doing to him. Will groaned as well, feeling the amazing blowjob, and also the unfamiliar feeling of a tongue on a phantom clit. Bella bobbed a bit, her whole body writhing. She moaned into Will's pelvis the whole time. Eventually she just had to stop. She came off his cock with a gasp, her eyes watering. She took a deep breath and grinned. "I can see why you like that so much." Will nodded. Bella continued her blowjob, pushing all the way down on him, bumping her lips and nose against the very root of him, and then coming all the way off. Her hips were shuddering constantly as the deep, strange pleasure rolled through her. She didn't know how Will was managing to keep his hips still. 

She held Tonya's head in place and squeezed with her thighs, covering her apprentice's ears, isolating her from everything except the work her swirling tongue was doing. Tonya squeaked in surprise, but didn't fight. Then Bella gathered as much saliva in her mouth as she could and came off him one last time, leaving him completely soaked. Then she pointed to Tonya's heart shaped rump. Will grinned and carefully moved behind Tonya without touching her. He knelt, lined himself up, and slid into the petite girl with one solid thrust, bottoming out firmly with his hands on her hips, pulling her back into himself hard. Bella let go of Tonya's head. She didn't have a choice. Feeling Will's cock fuck into her apprentice caused Bella to grab at her chair and roll her hips forward involuntarily.

Tonya squealled and grabbed at Bella's for support, her own legs lifted off the ground by Will's strong arms lifting her hips as he drove into her. Her legs kicked spasmodically, like a baby deer trying to stand. "Ohgodsssss-" she hissed through clenched teeth, her eyes as wide as they could go. She'd been with other men, and some of them had been bigger than Will, but in that moment, after so much build up, the sudden, unexpected penetration made her feel more full than she could ever remember. 

"That feels amazing. I love her squeezing," Bella breathed. 

"Me too." Will held himself there, rooted deep inside Tonya, just rolling his hips against her soft butt. Tonya regained control of herself and managed to get her toes and her knees back under her. She arched her back and rolled her hips against Will's, her insides rippled and squeezed. Her internal muscles weren't as strong and controlled as Bella's but she was clearly naturally gifted. Will had learned that "tightness" didn't really have anything to do with a woman's size, but in Tonya's case there was a correlation. The petite girl was smaller everywhere, and it felt fantastic. Will pulled back a fraction of an inch and bumped back into her, feeling the head of his cock just barely tapping against the end of her inner walls. He breathed out and bumped into her again. The sensory amplification from the still faintly humming sigil, and the strange overlap of feeling what Bella felt cranked up the intensity of just being inside Tonya to the point that just being inside her and barely moving at all had him feeling like he was ramping up to the edge quickly. 

"Please-" Tonya mewled, resting her head on Bella's thigh. "Please just fuck me already!"

"I am fucking you," Will teased.

"FUCK ME YOU BASTARD!" Tonya yelled. The curtain burst into laughter again. 

Bella nodded, her eyes hungry. "Fuck her. I want to feel it."

Will slid back slow, enjoying the feel of his shaft sliding out, and the contrast of the cool air against the skin exposed inch by inch. When only his head was still inside, he pushed back in, equally slow. Tonya tried to push back against him, eager to be filled hard and fast, but Will held her firm, forcing her to endure his slow, agonizing pace. She kicked a tiny foot beneath him. He slid slowly out of her again and back in. A high pitched keening escaped her and she clutched Bella, biting gently into the witch's leg. "I'm gonna die..." Tonya moaned at the next slow thrust. 

Bella laughed, and stroked Tonya's hair. "Put her out of her misery, Will."

"Aye, Captain," Will said, and brought his hips forward, strong and hard. Tonya gasped. Will hammered home again. And again. Bella rolled her hips into her chair again, grabbing Tonya's hair as the sensation of Will's thrusting ramped up and washed over her. 

Tonya wrapped her arms around Bella's waist and laid her head down, holding on for dear life as Will practically lifted her off the ground and fucked her as hard as she could. She felt like a rag doll being picked up and shaken by a dog, but it was perfect. She was so close already. Every thrust filled her and pushed her and spread the straining heat building inside her. Bella reached underneath her and slipped her skilled hands into Tonya's blouse, cupping her apprentice's breasts and squeezing her sensitive nipples. Tonya's orgasm swelled and crashed through her, clenching her whole body, squeezing tightly around Will's cock. He didn't slow. He fucked right past her tension and kept the orgasm rolling until her body relaxed and went limp. "Ohgods," she whispered. He wasn't done. Another orgasm began to build on the aftermath of the last. Tonya reached between her legs and found her clit, pushing down and flicking quickly back and forth. The sparks lanced through her and quickly built, amplified by Will's thrusting. Her whole body clenched again as she lost her senses to the burst of pleasure. It wracked her. She clenched and released, too spent to hold herself up beyond clinging to Bella for dear life. Will kept fucking her. "Ohgods," she whispered again. It was all she could say. All she could think. After what Bella had done to her with Rocky, and two large back to back orgasms, Tonya was spent, exhausted. It was starting to get uncomfortable but she didn't want to stop. She shook her head weakly. "I can't... I can't... no more."
