 "I'm sick of being stuck on the ship. Let's get out of here," Jack said as they headed back to the Galley. 

"There's still a lot of dishes left," Will said. 

"Go tell Lace we're leaving. I'll be right back," Jack said. She disappeared below deck leaving Will with an amused expression on his face. 

"Apparently we're leaving," he said as he walked into the galley. 

"If the dishes aren't done by morning, North will get a lot more creative with his extra duties," Lace shook her head. She didn't stop washing. 

"Apparently Jack has some kind of plan for that," Will shrugged. 

"That she does," Jack said from behind them. "Quinn, can you make sure the dishes are done by morning?"

"Of course," Quinn said from behind her. 

Jack stepped aside to let Quinn past, then she leaned against the doorway. 

"That doesn't seem right," Will said. "He didn't do anything wrong."

"Neither did we," Jack shrugged.

"I can still feel where he pulled my shorts up into my crack when he hauled me off of you," Lace said to Jack. "I'd say that's worth a few dishes done."

"I don't think that's what your crack is still feeling," Jack smirked. 

Lace burst out laughing. "Yeah, alright. Guess he made up for it." 

Will's brows lifted as he glanced from Lace to Quinn, but he decided not to comment. Instead he tried to stay on the real issue. "It's our job, we should be doing it."

"The Captain wanted to make an example out of us. She successfully did that. North doesn't care as long as the dishes get done. Quinn can do them faster than all three of us put together," Jack insisted.

"How's he going to do that?" Now it was Lace's turn to look skeptical. 

Quinn looked to Jack for a moment. She nodded. "Go ahead."

He put his hand into the sink. It immediately started to froth and churn. He dipped a pot into it and the waters started to circle, faster and rougher, harder and harder like a small hurricane. When Quinn pulled the pot out it was spotless. 

Lace and Will just stared. Will finally blinked. "Yeah, alright. He has this handled."

Lace gave Quinn an affectionate shoulder check. "Thanks"

After the others had left the galley, Jack came back in to give Quinn a kiss on the cheek. "Come join us when you're done. Thanks." Quinn didn't respond, but the corner of his mouth turned up just a little. Then she left at a half-run to catch up with the others.

She pulled on the shirt she'd grabbed while she was below decks. Will did the same with the one he'd hung by the galley door. "Have either of you been to Barcola before?" Jack asked.

"A few times, but it's been years," Will said.

"Same," Lace said. "It's always been a stop-over for me. I've never been further in than dockside."

"It's an interesting place. I've always wanted to be here on All Souls Night. We're in for a good time," Jack grinned. 

It was nearly midnight and the festival was in full swing. The pop and flare of fireworks were starting to be sprinkled through the music and din of a few thousand people revelling. The parade had circled round again, adding more musicians and dancers. There didn't seem to be a particular song. Just a few people with drums who organically synched up and set the beat, and other instruments who improvised high energy melodies. The key seemed to be set by an ocarina-style flute. Everything else built off of that. Will was impressed by the obvious skill of the many musicians- it was clear they hadn't rehearsed. It all overlapped in a surprisingly consistent and musical cacophony. 

The bright colored fabrics Barcola was famous for were in full display. Skirts swirled and scarves trailed. Many of the revellers had their faces and bodies painted to look like rainbow-hued skeletons. It was a jamboree of dancing dead. 

Most docks smelled terrible, but tonight this one was tantalizing. Spiced and smoked meats cooking on porches or sold out of rickshaws made stomachs rumble and mouths moisten. The occasional sulfurous waft of fireworks breezed by. The strongest scent was incense. There were dozens, perhaps hundreds of small candle lit shrines all along the wide road, and nearly all of them were burning sticks of incense as well. The fragrant smoke was so plentiful that it left a haze in the air and gave the street lamps a corona.

"This is amazing." Jack's eyes and grin were wide as they could be as they found a gap in the parade and pushed into it. They had to travel along with the dancers for a short distance, moving with the tide as they crossed the street. Dancers took their hands and moved them in improvised circles in time to the music. The trio couldn't help but laugh and dance along. The mood was infectious. By the time they crossed the street their spirits had lifted considerably. 

"What is this festival for?" Will asked over the noise of the crowd.

"It's All Souls Night," Jack answered. "It's a Nivaleese tradition. The Nival religion is a kind of ancestor worship. There's a host of great spirits who they think of as family. Since these spirits are everyone's family, the Nival are very community minded. They consider anyone who reveres their spirits to be family. All Souls Night is when the spirits come to the mortal realm. So their family throws them a coming home party."

"What's the face paint about?" Lace asked.

"So the spirits are comfortable and don't stand out in the crowd. Apparently some of them are shy." Jack's head was on a swivel trying to take in everything at once. 

"I don't remember the walking dead being nearly so fun loving," Will said wryly, remembering a particularly harrowing encounter he and Jack had been through in the early days of their career together.

"Well, no. That wasn't exactly their fault though," Jack replied.

"What?" Lace asked, confused. The trio began walking down the street, picking a direction at random and just watching. They were going against the flow of the parade. On this side of the street the colors were much brighter. On the dockside there was a sensible restriction on open flames. Here on the rocky ground, lanterns, candles and bonfires burned everywhere. 

"Jack and I ran into a whole bunch of rather energetic corpses once," Will explained. "They chased us through a cave system. We had to climb a very tall shaft to escape." 

Lace looked simultaneously surprised, horrified, and skeptical. "I've heard stories, but I didn't really believe..." she trailed off.

"Oh, they're true," Jack said. "In my opinion, necromancy is about half the reason witches and other spellbinders get such a bad reputation. The stories aren't even half as scary as the reality. The dead really should stay buried."

Will gestured around. "This whole festival seems to imply otherwise."

"These are costumes, Will," Jack rolled her eyes. 

"Well there might be some truth to the traditions, right?" Lace asked. "You just said the stories were all real."

"You think that the Traveler and her entire host, and any other spirits of the dead that happened to tag along, are here, wandering the crowd in disguise," Jack asked mockingly.

"Well, maybe not all here. This isn't the only place celebrating this festival, right?" lace shrugged.

"No, not hardly," Jack answered. 

"We have an Asura on our ship doing our dishes right now. Is it too hard to imagine that one or two of these people might be a spirit in disguise?" Lace shrugged. 

Jack laughed. "Well, when you put it that way..."

"When something becomes normal, it's easy to forget that to others it might still be fantastic," Will shrugged. "To the people of Barcola, this is normal fun that happens every year. To us, it's incredible."

"Now I want to stop people and ask if they are spirits,' Jack chuckled.

"Sounds like most of them would say yes," Lace grinned. "The whole point is to let the real ones get lost in the crowd, right?"

"Damn," Jack said in mock exasperation. "I guess I'll just have to guess."

"Spot the spirit. Sounds fun," Will grinned, scanning the crowd.

Jack wandered over to a small kiosk selling tin cups that had been hammered into the shape of skulls. Money exchanged hands and she came back with her prize. Will smiled. "You and your souvenirs."

"You decorate with shipwreck salvage, I don't think you get to chastise me about a cup," Jack said unflappably. "Besides, there's method to my madness. Watch."

Will and Lace shared an amused look as they kept walking. "That one. Definitely a spirit." Lace said, nodding towards a man on stilts. He had long crutches that ran from his forearms to the ground, letting him move like a long-legged animal through the crowd. He was draped in layers of shredded cloth that obscured most of his body and gave the impression of fur. He wore a vibrantly painted animal skull on the top of his head so that he could keep an eye on the throng below him while his skull headpiece looked like it was facing forward. He rolled his shoulders as he moved, looking a great deal like some sort of strange beast.

"Good pick," Will nodded. His eyes followed Jack as she wandered off to another kiosk on the side of the road. She came back with her new cup full. She sipped it and sighed contentedly. "I've wanted to try this again for years."

Lace raised an eyebrow. Jack handed her the cup. One sip later and Lace handed Jack her drink back and went was jogging back towards the man selling the skull cups.

"Alright, I'll bite. What is it?" Will asked. 

"It's called Sorrel. I think that's just the name of the plant it's made from. From what i've read there's a bunch of different ways to make it. This one is sort of like a hot toddy," Jack said passing him the cup. He took a sip. The warm, sweet, fruity alcohol was delicious. He stared at the cup like it was some kind of magical witches brew. 

"Wow. Why is this stuff not famous?" he asked. 

Jack shrugged. "No idea, but it really should be."

Lace came back with two tin skull cups and handed one to Will. "You're buying my drinks for the night." 

Will grinned. "Happily." He took both the cups and headed over to the merchant Jack had just came back from. 

"You two seem like you're doing better," Lace said once she and Jack were alone in the crowd. "I take it your talk went well?"

"It didn't happen. I didn't talk to him about that. We just... I'm not sure. Something happened and we fell into the way we used to be. I didn't want to upset that so I didn't say anything." Jack sipped her drink again, clearly happy but worried that the situation would be short lived. 

"What happened?" Lace asked. 

"Will thinks there's a weird ship following us," Jack shrugged. Lace looked surprised and started walking faster. 

"Where are we going?" Jack asked, following her. 

"To the bar the Captain said she'd be at. If we're being tailed, she needs to know now," Lace said. 

"Is it that serious?" Jack asked. "It might be nothing."

"Standing orders," Lace said. "Tails are one of the things we're always scanning for. We report. The Captain will decide if it's nothing or not."

"Why? In busy waters, how would you tell if it's a tail, or just another ship headed in the same direction?" Jack asked.

"There's ways. A ship's profile can tell you a lot about her," Lace said. "Takes a practiced eye, which is why we tell the Captain."

Will caught up with them. "Trying to ditch me already?" 

Lace took her cup from Will. "Jack says you spotted a tail ship?"

"Maybe. This one's odd. She's a Caravel. Pretty standard lines, but strange behavior. I've seen her twice. Both times at the edge of the horizon where it's hard to make out details. Both times with her sails up, not moving. First time she was riding high, with her prow tilted up, like she was caught on something. Second time she was riding low, like she was overladen. And now she has ship's ladders like ours."

"Like... ours? Nobody has ladders like ours! They're the dumbest thing I've ever seen on a ship!" Lace scoffed. "Who the hell would look at our rigging and think 'Oh, that looks like a great configuration, let's copy it.' They'd have to have no idea how rigging actually worked to think what we're doing is a good idea."

"That's why I thought it was strange,' Will agreed. 

"Isn't the Kestrel somewhat famous?" Jack asked. "Maybe they saw us and decided to try to copy what you're doing." 

"The Kestrel isn't that famous. I doubt there's any sane captain who'd see her, recognize her, and decide to copy her on reputation alone," Lace shook her head. "Especially not when she looks like she's been rigged by a child playing with grandad's model ship and a spool of twine." Lace clearly sounded bitter. 

Suddenly Lace's unreasonable reactions since the moment they met made more sense. The Kestrel's appearance was a matter of professional pride to her. Lace's vanity didn't lay in clothing or her own appearance. It was in the ship. "I'm sorry about the rigging,' Will said. "I should have talked to you about all my plans as soon as possible. I meant to, but we were rushed off Bastards Bay too soon."

Lace sighed. "I know. It's working itself out. I think the solution is going to be a good one. I just wish we could have done it in port and not out on the water."

Will clinked his cup against hers. "Me too. I think we'd have gotten along great if we'd met under better circumstances."

"Yeah, you're not so bad. Maybe I won't hang you," Lace smirked.

"There's a spirit,' Jack said gesturing into the crowd. Lace and Will scanned and quickly spotted the mountainous Akula walking down the street with a small group of rough looking sailors. His face and chest look like they had been painted white, but there were shark-scale tattoos over the top of the discoloration. The man had the bulk of at least two men. 

"Damn, he needs to work on his costume a little harder. He only barely passes for a human," Will said trying not to stare.

"Fuck me, that's Captain Reeve," Lace said. "I used to sail with him."

"Your old captain was a badly disguised Nivaleese spirit?" Will asked. 

"Well, he's Akula, so no." Lace kept walking. 

"Don't want to say hi?" Jack asked. 

"Not really. Reeve is a great sailor and a competent captain, but he's an Exile. I don't want to be seen with him," Lace shook her head.

"I've heard about Akula exiles, but I don't really understand it all," Jack said. "I'd love to head more if it's alright to ask."

"My people are... what's the Mainlander word? When a people travels around? Like the N'madi?" Lace asked.

"Nomads?" Will offered.

"Yes, we are like ocean nomads. We explore, we follow the currents and the schools of fish, and we build homes on the islands we find. Every ten years an Akula is supposed to come back to the home islands. We... reconnect there. It is a pilgrimage," Lace continued. "It is part of how we remember where we came from. It is where we choose our totem and learn more about who we are supposed to be. Exiles are those who are no longer welcome back."

"Sounds like he did something pretty bad," Will said, eyeing the giant man on the other side of the parade.

"There was a... war. A blood feud between two families." Lace kept going. "The home islands are supposed to be a place where feuds are left behind, or at least temporarily set aside. They are a peaceful place. Captain Reeve broke that tradition. He and his crew raided one of the home islands and destroyed the ancestral village of his family's enemies. Even his own family could not forgive that. There are lines you don't cross."

"How is he not dead?" Jack asked. "That seems like the kind of thing a lot of people would come together for."

"They did. He killed those who came for him." Lace shrugged. "There are few left who care enough to seek justice. They say the exile is enough. Reeve's own reputation protects him now. I guess he got what he wanted. The feud ended."

"And you sailed with him?" Will asked.

"Before he was exiled, yes," Lace nodded. 

"Glad he isn't on our ship," Will said. 

___________________

Mister North stuck his head through the door. "Captain, we have someone looking for a berth, I think you're going to want to hear her."

"We don't have any cabins," Captain Vex said.

"She's a doctor," North countered. 

"Send her in," Captain Vex nodded. Bella was surprised at the abrupt turn-around. The Norths had already turned away three would-be travelers that she was aware of. As the night went on, word had spread that there was a ship taking on crew. More and more sailors and travelers had arrived. The small dockside watering hole was overflowing with patrons. The Norths had stopped actively spreading the word, but it seemed to still be spreading on it's own. Now, both of them were inside narrowing down the prospects. 

The woman who stepped out onto the small patio turned the wrong way as she stepped through the door, but even from the back she was striking. Captain Vex took her boots off the railing and turned in her seat to get a better look. The Doctor wore tight breeches similar to the ones Captain Vex favored, but bleached bright white and immaculately clean. They hugged her rounded butt in a way that left little to the imagination. Her high boots were white leather with a multitude of silver buckles. The matching white coat she wore was a fashion currently preferred by wealthy mainlander men, with double lapels and thin tails down the back, but it had been tailored to snugly fit a woman's curves. Rounding out the ensemble was a white top hat and a silver headed cane. Between her heeled boots and tall hat her stature was impressive. 

She she quickly righted herself, turned around and gave the women at the table a dazzling smile. All the whiteness of her outfit was an impressive contrast to her smooth, dark skin. A white skull outlined in colorful flowers was painted on her face. A single silver button just below her breasts held the coat just barely closed. Beneath it she seemed to be wearing nothing at all. The skeletal motif painted on her face continued on her exposed chest and stomach. Painted collarbones, ribs and spine were woven through with flowering vines. Even with her face painted her almond eyes, full lips, and high cheekbones made her face beautifully exotic."Captain Vex, I presume?"

"Aye," the Captain said. She stood and extended her hand. Bella tried not to smile. The Captain hadn't stood for anyone so far. It occurred to her that maybe things were different with potential passengers than crew, but she had a feeling the Captain was trying to make a good first impression for other reasons as well.

"I am Doctor Kalfou." The doctor's hands were soft and smooth, her grip gentle but assertive. On the back of her hand belita noticed a white, stylized snake's head. It looked different from the costume paint, more like a tattoo. "I understand you are headed to Drifer's Key," the Doctor continued. Her voice had the crisp clarity of Janie's educated speech, but was decorated by the hollow O's, softly rolled R's and tapped T's of the Nivaleese language. 

"That's the plan." Captain Vex offered Doctor Kalfou a seat and sat back down. "These are my associates, Miss Fortuna and Miss Castilian."

"A pleasure, madames," the Doctor said simply. Bella and Janie nodded.

The Doctor tossed the tails of her coat back and lowered herself gracefully. "And I am told you sail with a witch," she said eyeing the clearly unnatural mirror. They'd agreed previously not to introduce Bella as the witch in question, just to be on the safe side. Still though, the Doctor's eyes flicked from Bella to Janie to the mirror itself with intelligent discernment. "I must admit I did not expect to see such a brazen display of spellbinding right away."

"We're pretty brazen around here," Captain Vex grinned. "Seemed like if there was ever a time to put some magic on display, it was All Souls Night."
