 Stephen was dreaming.

He knew he was dreaming because it was a lucid vision without easily definable boundaries. The world he was in was less defined than reality, with splotchy, blurred edges and a gray cast view. He was walking, somewhere, but he knew not where the path would lead. Looking all around him, he was alone, truly alone. He panicked and called out for Grace, yet after several attempts, the little genie never showed up. Was she gone forever?

"Stephen?"

He looked all around, hearing the booming voice reverberate throughout the entire dream world he inhabited. It was like a voice from the heavens calling out for him, and commanding his attention. Perhaps this really was the afterlife? 

"Hello?" He asked out loud. 

"Stephen?" The voice boomed once more. He found himself being sucked out of dreamworld. The path quickly disintegrated as did the blurred edges of the land around him. His dream was now gone, and Stephen awoke on the floor, feeling the smooth carpet against the rest of his body.

"Stephen, can you hear me?" The voice asked one more time. He couldn't place it just yet, but his eyes were still closed. Was it his mother? Did she find him after all the events of the day? His heart dipped while remembering the last look on Grace's face. The look of abject terror. Perhaps the last look he'd ever see of her.

Realizing he'd have to open his eyes sooner than later, he creaked open one eyelid, letting in the late afternoon sun as it illuminated his former room. His hand drifted naturally to his head, covering his eyes from the sudden onrush of light, and he was forced to close them again.

"Too bright," he murmured, while shifting around to his side.

He heard a giggle off to his right, a familiar noise, and one sound he had been longing to hear. There was a hand on his chest, and another holding his free hand at his side. Having spent the last two months hearing that giggle daily, he knew instantly who it belonged to.

Casting open both eyes, he found himself nearly face to face with the bright, blue ones that had so set his heart aflame. Grace looked back at him with a confident smile, and her eyes twinkled of their own accord after seeing his awakening. She looked just as beautiful as he remembered. He squeezed her hand tightly, as he looked about the room. It looked just as he left it.

"Are we dead? Or is this real?" He asked, looking around and praying it wasn't the afterlife.

Grace smiled, "We're alive. You've been out for the past half hour. I feared the worst at first, but you were just sleeping. It seems that my power can only come into this world with your mind at rest, and...," she took a deep breath. "It can only exit the world the same way."

Stephen sat up straight, watching her with wide set eyes, "Does that mean we did it? Are you free?"

She giggled, "I can't feel it anymore. There was always this extra sense inside of me, a well if you will, that I could draw from. I can't feel the well anymore. It's gone. I'm no longer a genie."

"But you're alive. And you're you," Stephen said, reaching out to touch her arm, and her leg, just to make sure she wasn't some vision of an angel. She laughed as he explored her body.

"If you want to see more, just say the word, baby," she winked, while spreading her legs slightly.

Stephen chuckled, before finally looking up in her eyes, "Grace, I love you."

She stopped her giggling, and reached out to caress the side of his face. Her expression turned to adoration and she gently stroked his cheek. "And I love you, Stephen. Because I choose to. Not because the magic binds me to you. I love you because I choose you, and I choose you forever."

They collided into each others arms a moment later, and Stephen pulled her down to the floor. He kissed her tenderly, mixing each successive kiss with different levels of passion. She was real, and she loved him. She was no longer a slave to him, and for that, he couldn't have been happier. 

Breaking their kiss slightly, Grace whispered against his lips, "I will admit, it will take some getting used to about not being able to read your mind when I want."

Stephen chuckled as she pressed her lips against his once more. He murmured against her mouth, "The things we do for love."

They remained on the floor for quite some time, neither bothering to move the few feet over to the bed. It would have been too far to go, and too long without the other pressed intimately against them. Stephen held her close, stroking her long, light brown hair, and rubbing her back tenderly. Grace clung to him, pressing an endless series of loving kisses against his lips. It was as close to heaven as he could ever devise. The best part was that now they were safe, and no longer had to worry about magic or wardens or the Order once more. Right?

Stephen whispered against her lips, "Grace, are we truly safe now? We don't have to worry about the wardens finding us?"

She nodded slightly, and used her finger to trace the outline of his mouth. "They are pulled towards the feel of magic. Wishing makes it worse, but they can track just by the pull. I think when you used the wish outside yesterday, that's what let Hanif know who we were. The pull of magic could only take him so far, that it took wishing to deduce who we were."

"I'm sorry," he said, instantly. He wished he never would have made that wish so brazenly.

Grace shook her head, "If you never would have made it, then we'd still have him out there hunting us. This is for the best. Despite my fear of being free, this is the best outcome. The wishing, the spark of magic inside me, is completely gone. They will never be able to find us now."

"Thank God for that," he sighed, audibly, earning another giggle from Grace.

"Now that my wishes are gone, you're probably regretting not getting that pile of money while you could, aren't you?" She looked at him coyly.

Stephen broke out in a laugh, and then shook his head, "No, I don't need a pile of money. Or a fancy car, or to live forever. All I wanted since you came into my life is to live with you by my side until my last breath. I only ever wanted you, Grace." 

Tears let slip from her face, as she let out the happiest of smiles, "That's one wish I can grant." 

If they could have stayed wrapped up in each others arms for eternity, it wouldn't have been long enough. Yet, the slow setting of the sun announced the eventual end of daylight, and soon after, the front door opened and a familiar voice was heard.

"Stephen, you here? Grace?" His mother called out.

They parted with a small laugh, both nearly breathless from time exploring each others body. Stephen pulled himself up, and then helped Grace after, before emerging into the hall to find Theresa Willow standing near the kitchen in her work scrubs.

"There you two are! How did the move go today?"

Stephen glanced out at the truck. Nothing had moved from this morning when the warden had surprised them both after their fight. He looked sheepishly to the ground before answering. "Erm, we didn't get to take the stuff over to the new place yet."

Theresa blinked, with her expression turning to confusion. "You were just packing up your room though, right? You were so close to being done right before I left. What were you two doing all day?"

Before Stephen could begin to think, his mother threw up her hands. "Wait, wait, wait, don't answer that! I'm not sure I want to know."

"Erm well..," Stephen started, before feeling Grace's elbow gently poke his side.

"Sorry, Theresa, we'll spare you the details," she finished, throwing a wink to him as she finished.

Stephen toyed with the idea in his mind for a moment, but ultimately decided to spare his mother from all the happenings of the day. It was truly under the bridge now, with Grace's powers gone, and nothing to worry about. Besides, telling the whole story would only scare his family, and that was the last thing he wanted or needed.

"Yeah, sorry Mom," he replied, trying his best to put some color into his cheeks to play along.

Theresa just laughed, "I was young once too, you know? I remember how it is. At least you two will have your own place from now on for your own... activities."

Grace just smiled brightly, "And maybe give you some more alone time for your own.. ah.. activities with Jim from now on."

Stephen nearly choked, while Theresa turned red in the face as well. He had never seen his mother look so embarrassed. "That thought had crossed my mind, too, Grace," she agreed.

"Okay, gross," replied Stephen, making a face. "We'll get going now, and be back later!"

"If you're be back in a couple hours, dinner will still be warm! Don't get sidetracked again," Theresa called out, as the two of them hurriedly shuffled towards the front door, and emerged outside.

Grace fell into his side naturally. "I hope you don't mind. I don't think we needed to have worried her with the real events of today."

"No, I agree. Better not to scare her," Stephen commented in approval.

"Shall we go set our stuff up in our new place?" Grace opened the door to the moving truck, and nodded her head off towards it.

"That sounds like a great idea, babe," he smiled.

They were at the new apartment in just about twenty minutes. After a quick stop in the rental office, Stephen picked up the keys, and begin to unload their belongings. As he picked up two boxes from the truck, he and Grace made their way to their new home. Just shy of the front door, she stopped short.

"Grace, you okay?" He asked, as he set down the two boxes outside their front door. Pulling the keys out of his pocket, he turned the latch on the lock.

"Yes, but I just remembered something I needed to tell you. I made one more adjustment before you set me free, and I hoped you wouldn't mind," she smiled gently, as he pushed the door open.

Stephen almost gasped when the door swung open, and his first thoughts were that he had opened up the wrong door. This place was almost fully furnished! Inside, he gaped at a comfortable couch set up in the living room, and a gigantic, new television set over the fireplace mantle. End tables, and a mahogany coffee table, completing the room as well. Even the kitchen appeared to be fully furnished. He opened a drawer to find a full set of silverware inside as well. 

"Did they give me the wrong apartment?" He asked rhetorically.

"Not exactly," grinned Grace. "It occurred to me that without my magic, I wouldn't be able to bring my clothes along. Then I started to think about how I wanted to furnish our apartment when we got here, but events moved a little more quickly than I intended. So I set the furnishings, and brought along my clothes as well, before you freed me. In the worst case scenario, and my freeing ended my existence, I thought it would give you a new place to start over."

"This is incredible," breathed Stephen, looking around the new place. They would want for nothing with all of her additions.

Grace led him by the hand into their bedroom, finding a huge queen mattress waiting for them in the center of the room. "Don't take this the wrong way, but your bed is really lumpy. I figured we could start with a fresh, and more plush, mattress," she giggled, while taking a running jump onto their new bed.

"That works for me," chuckled Stephen, as he jumped onto the bed as well, laying down flat. The softness greeted his aching muscles superbly. The bed was a fantastic addition. 

"I have one more surprise," whispered Grace, getting off the bed.

She walked across their bedroom, and threw open the doors to the closet. It was almost stocked full of women's clothing. Upon closer look, Stephen recognized many of the outfits that she had worn already, hanging in plain sight for the next eventual outing.

"This is my Stephen drawer," she said, coyly, while pulling out the top drawer of the dresser. She pulled out a handful of lingerie, many of which Stephen recognized from their previous liaisons.

"I took the liberty of grabbing some new things as well," she teased, holding up a particularly sultry red lace babydoll. "You like?"

"I love," Stephen gulped, imagining her in the sexy piece.

She tossed her arms around his neck, "I'll wear that one for you later."

Even with all the new additions, it didn't take very long to unload the truck. The worst part, like this morning, was getting the other couch in the place. Stephen was a little worried that his old couch might not match the couch Grace had in there already, but the colors and style matched nicely. He figured she paid attention to those type of details when she had them created.

Soon enough, they were finished, and the apartment was ready to go. The truck was completely empty, and the new place was already starting to feel like home. Stephen sat down on the couch, catching his breath after moving all the furniture and boxes. It would have been a tough day months ago before he had started working out, but all that time in the gym had prepared him well. He was just a little winded from the day, but that was to be expected. Grace was still in the bedroom as he looked over the new place and imagined what it would be like to wake up here every day. To come home from work into Grace's arms. To truly begin their life together. 

They had almost lost everything today. From his injuries and his brush with death at the hands of the warden, to Grace almost being destroyed once, and the uncertain future she faced with her freedom. They had suffered enough in one day to last a lifetime. He now looked forward to a long, happy, and peaceful life with the woman he loved. 

"Oh, Stephen?" Grace called out from the door frame of the bedroom.

Stephen looked over, and his jaw about landed in his lap. Grace had slipped into the red lace babydoll from earlier, and she was pressed most invitingly against the wall. Her light brown hair framed her face lovingly, the wavy locks looking freshly curled. She was exquisite.

"You told me this morning we would make love later. I think you owe me, mister," she giggled.

Stephen grinned, immediately hopping off the couch. "I wouldn't want to forget my own debts now, would I?" 

"Not at all," she whispered, as they collided in a hurry. She led him back to their new bedroom, falling over on the bed in a laugh at the sudden clumsiness. As much as he loved the lingerie, he couldn't wait to get it off of her. He carefully peeled the straps off her delicate shoulders, exposing her large breasts as he pulled the fabric lower. Her nipples were already red and stiff, and his lips darted in for a taste.

"Oh!" She squealed in delight, grabbing his head as his lips wrapped around her nipple. "You know how much I love that!"

Her eager fingers made equally quick work of his clothes, and they were both naked in a flash, with his body hovering over hers, poised for action.

"I need this so bad," she whispered breathlessly.

"I need you. I always will, Grace," his lips whispered in return against her ear, before a teasing tongue darted out to bridge the connection.

Soon enough, she clutched his face with both hands, her eyes piercing into his. "You are the best man I've ever met, and the only one I want to spend forever with. I love you, from now until my last day. I'll love you forever, Stephen."

Stephen smiled, almost too overwhelmed to form a fitting response. Instead, he grinned at her, and replied simply, "You say that now, but tell me what you really think of me after knowing me more than two months!"

Grace giggled, and kissed him to shut him up. Their hands slid between their bodies, as both of them fumbled with his erection to line him in. In one smooth thrust, he entered her fully, and what was once two became one. 

"Mmm," Grace moaned, feeling the intense penetration. "I'll never get tired of that."

"Best feeling in the world," Stephen agreed, as he withdrew his hips, before surging forward once more.

"Make love to me? Please?" Grace whimpered, her hips pushing back against his.

He needed no further encouragement. As Grace wrapped her long legs around his torso, Stephen pressed in home with more animated thrusting. Grace watched him, her eyes locked on his as they coupled together, a loving display of passion and tenderness between two people who had almost lost everything. No more words needed to be said. The depth of affection and love was said loudly enough by gaze alone. 

Against the sunset in the window next to them, the couple made love, and celebrated the life they had won together. A most graceful life, and one they longed to take to eternity. Against the opposite wall, their shadows danced in a show of passion, and all was truly well with the world.

----------

About a week into their new apartment, Stephen was driving home from his shift. It had been an eventful one, and he was dealing with a few problems that seemed not worth the hassle. The worst of it was that it looked like he would have to fire someone. He sighed as he pulled into lot at the new place. Firing someone that used to be a peer would be a stressful event, one that he wasn't looking forward to.

Stephen climbed the stairs to their new place, and opened the door. He found Grace sitting patiently on the couch, reading a romance novel, as was her new normal. Since she could no longer accompany him on his work shifts without being caught, she had largely turned to reading as ways to spend her time. It wasn't unusual to find several different books scattered around the apartment at any one time, careful reminders of her new hobby. 

"Hi babe," she chirped happily, sticking her bookmark in and hopping off the couch. She bounded into his arms in no time at all.

"Hi love," he responded, leaning down to kiss her handily. Despite the tough shift, coming home to Grace made the whole job worthwhile. He could never stay angry or too stressed after one look into her stunning blue eyes.

"How was your shift?" She asked, after her lips separated from his.

"I've had better ones," he frowned. "Plus, I think I'm going to have to fire a cashier. We think she's skimming from her drawer."

Grace matched his frown, "That does suck."

"It was a stressful day, honestly. I just want to unwind a little," he replied, unbuttoning his shirt.

"Would it help your day if I gave you something to make it better? A present, perhaps?" She asked, as her eyes twinkled.

Stephen smiled, "A present? What kind of present?"

Grace didn't answer, but drifted her eyes towards the counter. Stephen followed her line of sight, and saw a small, rectangular box sitting on the counter. It had been wrapped as a present, with the tiniest of bows on top. He walked over and examined it in his hands.

"What's this, Grace?" He asked, shaking it very lightly to try to determine the contents.

"Something for you. Please open it," she smiled wide. She couldn't wait to see the look on his face once he found out what was inside.

Stephen laughed at her weirdly expectant smile, and then pulled the bow on the outer wrapping. His fingers made quick work of the paper surrounding the box, leaving the remains on the counter. The only thing left to the box itself was the lid. Clutching around both sides, he lifted the box up carefully, and nearly fell over.

"I knew for a while now about this," said Grace, watching his reaction. "The magic made it easy to detect, and easy to monitor. But once the magic was gone, I had to do things the old fashioned way. I figured you'd appreciate that."

Stephen reached into the box, and pulled out the pregnancy test. Two firm lines appeared in the window, which the guide on the stick itself signaled a pregnancy. He looked back at Grace, who was wearing a nervous smile. 

"Please tell me you're happy? You're not upset, right?" She asked, taking a step closer to him.
