 Chapter 1

Ava

My head was pounding as I slowly rose to consciousness. I could feel every beat of my heart pound through my head before I even moved. I concentrated on taking slow, deep breaths. I groaned as I rolled over, letting my pain in my head die down a little as I attempted to open my eyes. As I concentrated on not vomiting from pain, I realized there was the sound of breathing near me.

I slowly, carefully moved my head to look towards the sound and had to stifle a gasp. There wasn't much light in the room, but with what little there was made clear where the sound of breathing was coming from. There was a very large, very muscular man lying next to me. 

The bed was gigantic, but he still took up most of it. His head was turned away from me and lay only an inch or two from the headboard and his feet dangled off the bottom edge of the mattress. He was so large I almost started panicking. The increase in my heart rate was immediately felt in the pounding of my head so I took more calming breaths, squeezing my eyes closed in an attempt to minimize the impact the man had on my senses.

Once I was calm enough to handle the pain, I once again opened my eyes. My eyes wandered over his sculpted body. He was naked. I knew this because the sheet lay over one leg and his genitals but not his other leg and hip. One tug of the sheets and I'd see what I imagined had to be an impressive package. God, his body was fantastic. His biceps were as large around as my thighs. His skin was naturally tanned in color, evident the same way I knew he was naked.

His abdomen was ripped with an eight pack, the v above his groin that pointed directly where I wanted to investigate making my mouth water. I imagined running my tongue down his chiseled pectorals, abdomen, and landing at the base of his thick cock. I imagined taking that thick staff in my hands and being awed by how big he was. I loved it when guys were too big for me. Something about the disparity between our sizes always did it for me. Made me want to fuck them, night and day.

What was I thinking? I needed to move, not ogle him in his sleep. This type of thinking is what I had struggled to overcome for so many years. I couldn't afford to backslide now. I turned away, trying to put him out of my mind as I focused on getting mobile. As I felt the sheet slide over my breasts, I realized that I, too, was naked. I stopped moving, trying to figure out what to do. I was not well enough to find my clothes, let alone stand up. I knew from experience that standing with the type of headache I had was a monumental effort. I was naked, in an unfamiliar place, and horny as fuck for the man lying next to me. Yep, it was official. I'd regressed back to my sex-addicted college days.

Chapter 2

Terrick

The moment she woke up, I was aware of her. I knew her head was pounding as hard as mine was. It was a symptom of the mating bond. We were in the second phase, the first having started the moment we laid eyes on each other. On my world, it was unheard of to find your soul-mate before the age of fifty cycles, a person just did not have the experience to handle the difficulties associated with a new bond before that age, but here I was, a mere twenty cycles old, and I had found my soul-mate. All it had taken was being stranded on an unfamiliar planet in an unfamiliar galaxy for all of six rotations. I'd managed something no other person on my homeworld ever had. 

Unfortunately, the first phase of our bonding had initiated at the worst possible moment. I'd just stepped onto what the humans called a 'dance floor' to get Jace from his embrace with what I could only call a promiscuous human when I'd locked eyes with my mate.

She'd taken several steps toward me, having no control over her movements and threw herself at me, her legs wrapping tight around my waist, her arms wrapped even tighter around my neck. I was just as shocked as she was. It took everything I had to control myself enough to get us off the dance floor and not lay her on the floor and fuck her publically. Instead, I was able to rein in her roaming hands as I made my way to the back of the bar. I gripped her to me fiercely, punching a guy in the face who dared to lay his hand on my mate's ass as we walked by, not even missing a step, but I heard the guys nose break.

Once we made it to the back corridor where the bathrooms were, I pulled my mouth from hers long enough to find the door. I opened it, ordered the women inside out, and locked the door behind them.

Then I pushed my mate's body against the wall and ground my cock into the moist folds of her pussy. Her panties were soaked with her juices and her legs wrapped around my hips gave me ample access to her sex. Even with the thin material and my pants between us, I felt like I was rubbing her with nothing between us.

I smashed my mouth against hers once more and cupped her ass, holding her to my cock as I rubbed against her. I knew now, laying in bed and thinking of it, that the bonding didn't allow for thoughts of anything but completion of the bond, at least not in the first phase. I'd been mad with sexual thoughts of claiming what was mine. Mine. There was no other option.

Her hands had wandered everywhere, fast. Eventually, they made it to my pants, and despite my grinding my hips against her, she managed to get her small hand under the waistband of my pants and gripped my cock. The hot feel of her hand made my engorged flesh even harder, bigger, and I felt myself leaking juices all over her skin.

She appeared to love that as she growled at me and her grip tightened, her hand moving up and down my shaft. I was too thick for her tiny hand to grasp my cock all the way around. Looking back, I think my cock was as thick as her forearm. If it wasn't for the bonding, I don't think we'd have even fit together.

She'd pulled her hand free of pants and pushed me away. My mind screamed in outrage until I realized what she was trying to do. I set her down and she immediately dropped to her knees, her hands at my zipper. Once she got the button and zipper free, I shoved my pants down, taking my underthings with them. Why these humans wore so much clothing was beyond me. Especially at times like this.

My large, thick cock sprung free and hit her in the face. I gulped, watching her eyes close as she rubbed her face over my cock. her chin wasn't even at my balls and my cock still reached past the top of her head. It was so thick I could only see half of each of her eyes as she rubbed her nose along the length, sending shivers of anticipation through me. She leaned back far enough to take the tip of my cock into her mouth and I spurted a small amount of cum into her mouth.

Her eyes flew open as she looked right at me. Slowly, she pushed her mouth onto my cock. She wasn't very big so she couldn't take much, at least not yet. I thrust with her, hitting the back of her throat, surprised she didn't gag when I hit her at the deepest point I could go. She pressed her teeth lightly into my cock when I tried to pull all the way out, so I pushed back in. God, she felt heavenly, like a tight little virgin cunt. The thought had me growling. I'd already learned that very few Earth women were virgins. It wasn't something they valued, most of them choosing to get it over before they met the person they actually wanted to give it to.

I hadn't realized I'd thrown my head back and started growling until I felt her hands on my ass, pushing me deeper down her throat. I came, hard, as her throat contracted over the head of my thick cock. She stayed there, letting me come directly down her throat. I knew that the more cum she had inside of her, the better for what was ahead. Bondings sometimes take hours to complete.

She pulled her mouth off of my still rock hard cock and stood. She quickly stripped out of her underwear and bent over the sink. "Fuck me, Ace." she breathed. 

I died. I was at her cunt with my thick cock wedge up the folds of her ass before I even knew what I was doing. I rubbed along her slit with my fingers, getting them wet with her juices so I could lube up my thick shaft in preparation for fucking her senseless. I had her groaning, moaning, and coming in moments. Surprised, I noticed she squirted liquid when she came. It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen. Women from my homeworld didn't do that.

Her juices now firmly covering my cock, I used my hand to pick some up from my thighs as I rubbed it over her ass and the rosebud that sat just above her sexy cunt.

I moved my cock to her pussy and slowly started to push the head in, rubbing her rosebud with the thumb of my other hand, only pushing lightly. The thick head of my cock was definitely too big for her tiny cunt. I felt the walls of her pussy stretching. She didn't cry out, but I knew it had to be uncomfortable. Deciding she needed some help, I abandoned her rosebud and stroked my cock with one hand, keeping the head of my cock moving in shallow thrusts. With my other hand, I lifted her right leg and set it up on the counter with her torso and rubbed enthusiastically but lightly on her clit.

It wasn't long before I was ready to explode again. This is why the location was so inconvenient. My people have hide-aways all over the place for newly found soul-mates. It is a long and intense process.

As my come shot out of my cock, filling her pussy, she came and our juices combined, allowing me to push more fully into her. My ejaculate takes time to work wonders, but I knew that by the time we finished fucking, she'd be plenty big enough inside to take all of my cock inside her tiny, tight pussy.

I got about halfway inside her before she started thrusting back against me. I frowned. I was just as randy as she was, but the women of her planet often take longer to recover than the men. the fact that she was already pushing back against me was out of the ordinary, but definitely not something I'd complain about.

I grabbed her hips, watching my thick cock disappearing into her pussy. It was so thick her ass cheeks stretched wide around my cock. I scooped more juices and rubbed them into her rosebud as I continued to work my further and further into her cunt. 

I rubbed and rubbed at her rosebud, making her moan and twist her hips as I fucked her. When I deemed her ready, I pulled my cock almost all the way out of her sweet cunt and slowly slid my thick thumb into her ass. Once my thumb was seated firmly in her ass, I pushed my cock into her, balls deep. If I could see into her body, I knew the head of my cock would be up near her ribs. Ah, the magic of his people. he was thankful or he'd have split her into with his cock on the first thrust.

With my other hand, I grabbed her hips and started fucking her for all I was worth. A growl began deep in my chest, rumbling, making me thrust harder.

Suddenly, I felt like something was wrong. I pulled out of her and a big glob of our combined juices landed on the tile floor between her feet. Oh, god. My cock jerked and a spurt of come splashed her back, ass, and some of it landed in long brown hair.

I spun her around, pushed her against the wall and lifted her. When she stood next to me, her head barely came up to my ribs. The thought that I'd gotten a delicate mate, one that was likely very breakable flitted through my thoughts before the bonding took control once more. Once I had her high enough to take my cock I slammed into. She screamed in pleasure.

"Fuck me! Oh, god, don't stop, don't you fucking stop!" She panted as she gripped my hair, pulling and grasping. Her hands moved down to my back and started scratching me.

"Fuck!" she said as she came on my cock. I wasn't ready yet so I just kept going as she scratching and clawed at my back as I fucked her.

"I'm going to fill you so full of my come that you won't be able to get thoughts of me filling you so full out of your head for the next century," I growl in her ear.

"Yes! Yes! Come inside me!" She screams.

My thrusts became erratic and desperate as I pounded into her pussy. My grasp on her ass was the only thing that kept me sane, kept me from losing total control. There was one aspect of the bonding I couldn't ignore, the drive, the desire, and the need too much to deny.

As I started to jerk inside of her, filling her with seed, I bit the tender flesh between her neck and shoulder, not deep enough to wound the tender muscles underneath, but enough to make my mark permanent on her skin. She screamed and came with me.