 It'd been a hot day in the midst of the twin suns that orbited this strange planet named Terratoone, most especially in a desert region the locals called 'Found', and was basically a barren and inhospitable wasteland with wind-smoothed rocks and valleys making up some of the region's landscapes. Lysine, a tall figure of a woman with just the right shapes, lithe curves and supple buxom, sweat like a pig under the heat of the suns that bore down 'pon of her little dwelling, giving more than enough reason for the toiling tanned woman to sweat. With that wife beater top literally soaked to the max from all the sweat it had accumulated whilst the tanned blonde-haired woman worked on digging a new spout for their well, the thin fabric nearly-revealed those pert and dark cream nipples due to the heavy sweat. But that didn't matter, Lysine lived far-away from the town's proper, a good 10 minute walk under the unforgiving suns, one of which was a yellow star like our own and the other a super-hot blue star, which emitted bluish light that made landscapes seem to look strange.

"Just my luck... grmph, not a single cloud in the sky..." the toned woman muttered to herself whilst digging with a shovel through the dry sand.

The heat was unbearable, but the woman was used to such, having lived in this ramshackle of an underground shelter ever since she was but a wee child, though nowadays the tall woman lived alone. Though today was different, the suns were their closest to each other and to the planet at this time of year and even the strong woman had to seek shelter when it got too hot. The hot sand baked through the thick soles of her work boots, bore blisters to her palms through the heavy material of her gloves and eventually forced the woman to head towards of her underground home. Grey eyes squinted through the nearly opaque Plexiglas of her shades; at least they were normally so under dim circumstances, but the extreme brightness of this desert land brought them to a nearly useless state.

"Ugh, I can't stand this anymore..." was what Lysine said as gloved hand soon rose up above of those shades; in an attempt dim the bright sunslight bearing down on those pretty eyes, before trudging through the sand with work boots sinking down into the sand up to ankles.

Yes, life was hard here, but that was normal. At least it left the inhabitants of the planet's regions and provinces in top-top shape and Lysine was a fine specimen at that. At the age of 29, the fair woman has been able to fend off the various crawlies (large ones at that) that lurked in this region. Creatures ranging from giant scorpions, dog-sized spiders and desert reptiles that ate anything they crossed paths with, and that menu did not exclude humans. Fair and relatively young, sleek and lithe with the right chest and rump size to become a ramp way model, yet equipped with the muscles and strength to pull a one-ton truck through knee-deep snow. The bulges didn't show, though, thanks to millions of years of evolution and fine genetics.

Once arriving at the doorstep of her dome-shaped home, boots were dusted clean by kicking them against a solid clay block, hand resting against an insulated rail whilst doing so. Denim short shorts were cleaned using slightly calloused hands, dusting off whatever sand stuck against of the sweaty article of clothing. Wife beater, though was pulled off, releasing supple chest with a slight bounce and revealing those ample mounds and erect nipples to the heated air. The top dusted against of the rail, causing particles of sand to disperse into the air, and the simple motion of which caused more air to circulate over those dark cream buds and bringing Lysine a small, yet, pleasurable shiver down along spine.

As soon as all was well and done the woman soon headed down the stairs, down under the heavy and thick clay dome that shielded any occupants from the heat. The stairs led down a narrow staircase where it was much cooler and darker than outside, allowing her shed to the shades she wore earlier. The bottom stopped at a heavy metal door, which opened with a heavy creak, and a small hissing sound as the pump forced compressed air to open the said door upon single push of a button. And inside Lysine went with wife beater dangling from right hand, only to disappear into the dark gloom of her home and with heavy door groaning out with the effort of closing like the countless number of times it had before.

A tinted skylight up from the top, couches and coffee table to the left, a passage way leading to a bedroom to the right and a kitchen up ahead, another doorway slightly off from the right was the shower room. That was mostly the entirety of Lysine's home.

No sooner than setting barefoot onto the granite floor did the shrill shrieking of joy pierce the silence of the softly lit chamber, caused by a household pet that went by the name of Tengga. The creature was a large lizard-like pet, somewhat of a cross between a monitor lizard and an insect on account it had six legs, and was as big as a large dog. The animal skittered between ragged furniture, hiding beneath of the dining table before pouncing atop of a couch in need of replacement. Deep, black eyes kept constant watch as its mistress finally arrived, and it greeted her by lunging towards of the woman standing at her doorway and attempting to cause her to lose her balance and fall on her backside. Though amused, Lysine was quite familiar with her pet's tendencies and merely pushed it aside with a firm shove of hands.

"Get off me Tengga!" was the gigglish response the woman said before moving on to get cleaned up. Lysine approached the doorway to her bathroom, only a few feet away from the main doorway. Yes, it was a small space, but it was enough to sustain life comfortably. Denim shorts were the first to go, since they were the only bits of clothing left on here anyway, with the woman bending over to reveal bare rump since underwear wasn't needed here. That, however attracted the attention of the playful lizard as it crept up behind of the unsuspecting Lysine, nose poked up with front pair of legs lifting off the ground. Forked tongue flickered forth from between undulating pedipalps as heavy scent of a recently working woman was sampled. The flickering didn't spare much space between sensitive skin, in fact giving light flicks at the crevice between luscious nether lips.

This, however brought Lysine a soft shiver, giving hint of how good it felt only to snap back to reality and giving the curious, yet deviously horny, creature a firm nudge with a strong foot, "Not now Tengga!" was said annoyed, before walking away from the skittish lizard and entering the cramped space of the 1x1 meter shower space. Everything was there in that space already, a pop-out toilet, sink and cabinets, all ingeniously cramped into a space that would normally require at least five square meters. Once comfortably inside Lysine first shook off the fine sand particles from her long hair, and from the rest of her body before running a finger in a half-crescent pattern along a worn out metal pad on the shower wall. This seemed to be a switch of sorts because as soon as the finger was lifted from the pad did the water begin flowing from a single nozzle up from the top, down to caress along the silky lines of her supple chest, drip down nipples and converge on the apex at the top of her legs.

"Damnit..." the fine young woman thought to herself as the familiar feel of heat growing between of loins was beginning to make sure it felt noticed. The flickering of the lizard's tongue at her sweet honey pot sure conjured up some lethal sensations within her groin, that and the heavy working she'd been doing worked up an appetite for lustful intentions. She saw it in the mirror of the shower, a heavy blush across of cheeks and chest with nipples already hardened. Shaky fingers soon snaked down to between of those creamy thighs before teasing lightly just around the regions of her now puffy labia. Light caresses were made through the neatly trimmed hair of her pubes before running two fingers down along each wanton sex lip and causing a soft and eager moan to escape from her slightly parted mouth. Boy, did she enjoy sexually torturing herself, and this she did to the point of grinding against of those two fingers that were teasing around of her swollen clit and hood.

Sexual juices were already beginning to seep forth from that sweet orifice to trail lightly down along creamy thighs and then mixing into the shower water; she was hot for it. The fingers teasing around of her clit were moving inwards in an ever shrinking circle, causing her to bite down gently on lower lip and release a soft and light gasp, before finally capturing the hardened nub between of two firm fingers. The love-button was shown no mercy as it was moved around like a tiny joystick, manhandled and really given rough treatment in general, which simply caused Lysine to delight in the feel, releasing low and loud moans in the process. She imagined a shadow-figure that was treating her petals with its mouth parts, heavy tongue lapping all over of her creamy goodness before digging slowly into her tight channel.

The smell of her own sex permeated the heavy air, hot steam doing little to dampen the heavy hormones as they wafted about the small space as the woman now began rubbing madly against of hardened clit, free hand fondling nipples and breasts whilst hips undulated against an imaginary lover. Eyes shut tight as fingers flickered back and forth, over and underneath of that love-button, even teasing into the sweet, wet hole of her love channel so she could finger fuck herself to ethereal bliss. In the midst of all this, Lysine failed to catch herself leaning chest first onto the wall opposite of the shower's opening, snaking down until rump was high in the air and chest and face pressed down onto the wet floor. The door opened automatically, as if coordinated with the shower stopping to conserve water, but the woman could not care less as she continued to slide two slender fingers in and out of her slopping pussy, causing wet sounds to emanate from there and bringing forth soft moans and groans of desire from her panting mouth.

All this would not go unnoticed, though, and the soft moaning sounds coupled with the scent of sex permeating the chamber air caught the attention of the pet lizard that was lounging on a nearby couch. Its forked tongue flickering out as if it had caught scent of something interesting before its head popped out from the side of the couch to catch sight of the woman slumped on the ground, seemingly in pure bliss as orgasm edged ever closer. Interested, the pet soon scampered closer to the rear of its undulating mistress, dark eyes watching with twisted fascination at the fingers that slid in and out of that juicy fuckhole. Head inched closer as pedipalps spread out to lightly tap and feel at that jewel of attention with tongue licking along of those juice-soaked fingers, and surprisingly Lysine did not even budge from noticing what was going on behind of her, too engorged in her own selfish pleasuring to even care, if she ever did notice. 

The lizard seemed pleased and continued to lap the tasty juices of its mistress until it was satisfied, seeming to help the woman along in a strong orgasm before she simply slumped down on the ground with hand finally free from that heavy-scented hole. The lizard's head cock off from side to side, as if judging what was its next task. Seeming to b visualizing what a creature one such as itself would be doing at the rear of a sexually charged female fresh from self-pleasuring. It wouldn't have taken one half of an eerok's brain to figure that out, and so the lizard mounted with both front pairs of legs with rearmost acting as support. Claws dug slightly into Lysine's creamy hips, causing her a groan of discomfort and a moment of struggle, but that was otherwise in vain as the lizard began pumping its powerful hips. A pinkish member was soon seen hanging limply out of between its legs, though pointed towards of its target as if prepared. Each thrust brought the still flaccid member a stab into that awaiting and slopping sex, each one dip causing it to harden as the feelings of mating it brought caused those powerful hips to thrust harder and faster to stab that embed up in between of lewd sex lips. The heavy swinging of large balls slapping against of her thighs evident of its intent.

"Tengga... ohhhhmmmnnnooo... nooo ba-ba... ohhh... you're such a n-naughty boy..." Lysine groaned out, at first protesting before finally allowing her pet to have its way with her. The pinkish member now stood erect at a mighty 7 inches, studs and ridges littered across of the thick shaft, as if serving some purpose for breeding or whatnot. The size of which brought a painful sting to its mistress' pussy as the cock stretched it, with the former not being penetrated for a long time. It soon served its purpose well as it thrust in and out of the tight and slick pussy of its mistress, they now joined by the hip and powerful thrusts causing the whole of Lysine's body to jiggle forward as if being pounded by a slightly slow jackhammer. 

"Ohhhh... ohhh... ohhhh nnggghhh... T-Tengga..." was what the helpless Lysine could only moan out as the pleasures that her pet brought her nearer to another orgasm. The sounds of wet sexual flesh pounding and rubbing against of each other made her only ever more aroused. To think that an animal, a lowly pet such as him would be fucking her this way, but that didn't seem to matter anymore as all of the sounds of scaly flesh slapping against of her own skin. And the feel of that mighty tool that was pistoning in and out of her tight pussy brought her to another strong climax and coating that lizard cock in her own heavy and thick juices. She may have been done, but the pet was still far from over. Pedipalps lovingly nudged and patted at the back of Lysine's neck as it continued to pound her like anything, the force of all that causing those sharp claws to dig slightly into her flesh and draw little droplets of blood.

World was in a haze as the waves of pleasure that accompanied her orgasm simply overcame her, the brutish fucking at her back helping the orgasm stay afloat before it simply faded off to oblivion, only to be replaced by new-found pleasure that was being caused by that continuous fucking.

"Oh gods..." Lysine moaned out softly, the thoughts of feeling disgusted at herself for letting this lowly creature fuck her like this beginning to creep into her mind, only to be pushed away by another wave of strong pleasures that rocked her mind to a soft putty. Those same sounds of scales slapping against the skin of her ass and thighs, the feel of her sexual juices dripping down to pool at the floor, the length and girth, texture and studs and ridges on her lizard's cock. The mix of pleasure and the sting of those claws, the soft caresses its pedipalps brought to her nape were too amazing to ignore as it continued to mate with her ever so roughly. This was only to be breached by another level of pleasure as her pet started to thrust and fuck harder than previously – he was coming. The mere thought of which heightened her arousal and made her orgasm right at that moment, bringing her vision to a blur and spin, and at that same moment the lizard finally orgasmed. And with one final pound of its hips to make sure all its seed would be deposited within its mistress' love channel, the thick, hot and majorly copious amounts of the yellowish cum, also attesting to the lizard's long lack of sexual release.

The feel of the hot lizard seed coating and flooding her insides brought the Lysine a low and soft moan; she could feel the mixed juices dripping out from the space between of her pet's cock and her pussy's lips to pool down at her thighs. The pounding had stopped, and so did the heavy moaning, only replaced by soft sighs and gasps as the lizard dismounted with a loud popping noise as its cock slipped out from its mistress' well-fucked pussy hole, and causing large amounts of yellowish cum to spurt out from within.

"Ngg..." was all Lysine could mutter before slowly and painfully struggling to stand up and step out of the shower whilst making sure to not trip on that large puddle of sexual love juices she and her pet created in their fucking, as yellowish lizard spunk tricked down from her pussy to the insides of her thighs. Hand gripped at the side of doorway as blurry vision caught the lizard nestled in a corner, head tucked between of its rearmost legs and forked tongue lapping and cleaning at that well-used package of his, the heavy balls not as heavy looking as they used to. Upon seeing this woman would grin to herself whilst standing on weak knees; she would be sure to empty those balls again as soon as they filled like before.

And with a gait the well-satisfied woman swung back into her shower, to clean off what was left from only a few minutes earlier. Only this time making sure the door was unlocked when it closed.