 The rope held her hands tightly behind her. In order to move her they hadn't bound her legs, but to keep her from knowing her way they had blindfolded her. She had been dumped into another of their makeshift holding cells. The air was cold and stale; it was a closet or most likely a cellar of some kind. Despite their knowledge and expertise at interrogations, prisoner security was found lacking. For any other person this would have sufficed as a cell, but not for a Zecairin elf.

They had locked her in - she remembered hearing a key turn, so for now she needed to wait. Slowly she inched her way along the back wall until she came to a wooden cask -- this was definitely a cellar. Her indignation at such a sloppy imprisonment was overshadowed by her laughter at their incompetence. She settled for just shaking her head in disappointment in the darkness. Even so, this barrel would suffice as a lean-to for a short nap. If only they had left her clothed, she would be comfortable enough to sleep soundly. It was a long time before she heard the key enter into the keyhole. She pretended not to notice until the door creaked open. Then she played the terrified role and shied away, trying to scoot into a corner away from the person that entered. This underling was in for a surprise, she laughed to herself. That was until a rough hand grabbed a handful of her hair and jerked her head forward. 

"Time for some punishment, devil woman." He grunted. Something thick, warm and heavy thumped her in the face. It took a moment to realize it was another piece of man meat pressing against her face. This one was half erect, and even then it startled her to realize how big it would be if she got him excited enough. Finally she had found a human of decent proportions, and she suddenly found herself yearning for the deep tickle all those short stubby men had been building in her for days. That thought had made her a little wet, and she shifted uncomfortable onto her knees.

As he thrust it against her cheeks and lips, she was torn between obliging and seeing, or knocking the dolt out senseless and proceeding with her escape plan. She considered that this might have been their goal all along -- to frustrate her with ineffectual men, and then present her with salvation once she had had enough. It she was right, it was a cunning control method. 

"Uhh, yeah, suck that." He growled. It surprised her to find that while she was deliberating over this choice, she had gone ahead and taken his hardening cock deep into her mouth. Instinct and desire had taken over without her consent. Its thick firm feeling as it glided between her lips sent shivers down her spine. She dared to let her tongue caress it and feel all the veins that started to bulge as he grew more excited. She opened her mouth wide and took all of it inside until the head poked the back of her throat. She clamped her lips down and slowly slid the length of him out of her mouth. Each bump and contour of his manhood could be felt on her lip, and he felt gloriously endowed. She even let a soft pleasant moan vibrate through her lips as she felt his length leave her.

"Ohhh yess" he hissed, equally enjoying this. She repeated the technique, and this time pressed her tongue to the underside of his shaft as she slid him out. Long, slow, deliberate motions had made him rock hard in no time. But her slow, savoring tactics had made him impatient. He grabbed her head with his rough hands and started thrusting his hard cock into her mouth. She couldn't savor the feeling of his meat this way. Once again she was denied her share of the pleasure, and she whimpered in a complaining fashion into his cock.

"Suck it harder, devil bitch." He grunted, and jammed that hard meat against the back of her throat. Any other female probably would have gagged with such rough treatment, but the violent lifestyle of a soldier carried over into their sexual urges. She had given and received her fair share of rough sex, so she was used to it. But this was the last straw, she wanted his hard cock, but she wanted it on her terms.

Slowly, with each thrust into her mouth, she slid her bound hands from behind her back to under her kneeling legs. She rocked as he thrust to mask her movements until she had her hands in front of her. A devilish smirk played out in her mind as she thought of a test for this male's perception. She slid her hands up to cup his balls and massaged them gently. Her other hand went to grasp around the base of his shaft to act as a buffer from the rough mouth fucking.

"Ooohhh yeah.." he moaned, pleased by her new ministrations. He was so distracted by getting off that the fool didn't even register that she had freed her hands to an extent. He had failed her test, and was now hers to play with.

On one particularly forceful thrust, she used the inertia to fall backwards. Her hands dropped to his feet and she yanked them out from under him. His legs flailed out, and had she not leaned backwards she'd have caught them in the face. 

Any cry of surprise was knocked out of him as he landed hard on his ass and back. Deep gasps were all he could manage until his breath returned. But she was on him before he could recover, straddling his midsection with her naked legs. Anytime he tried to move she squeezed his ribs painfully with her thighs until he whimpered into submission. Her hands practically ripped the shirt up over his head until the tangled mess of cloth kept his arms bound and his face muffled. There... just how she liked them, big, stupid, and helpless beneath her.

As he squirmed she raked her nails down his chest, slowly and sharply. It seemed to confuse him, the mix of pleasure and pain, and that was just what she wanted. Her hot breath found one of his nipples amid a hairy chest and she bit it painfully until a small prickle of blood welled up. Long, slow, sensual licks of her tongue cleaned it off and made the small little bud stand at attention. She moved down until his rock hard shaft was pressed against her wet folds, and she rocked slowly back and forth on him. That stopped his squirming enough for her to take her time undoing her bound hands with her teeth. She undulated and gyrated atop him, making that throbbing piece of meat between her legs rub her in all the right places. As her hands finally came free she accented it with a forceful grind against his cock. It made both of them groan in unison. 

Slowly, with a dramatic flare, she pulled the blindfold off her head. Her eyes slowly opened and she saw for the first time the prey between her legs. He was a brute of a human, with a thick and stocky build, corded muscles and a thick neck. Half his head was covered by the garment she had pulled over him, but she could tell by its general shape it wasn't meant for higher reasoning. Her fingers caressed his cheek softly at first, then she dug her nails in as they migrated to his neck.

"Be a good boy." She whispered into his ear as she bit his earlobe. Her nails dug in lightly to the exposed sides of his windpipe to accentuate her order. The entire time her hips had rubbed her wet pussy all over his rigid shaft until it was well coated in her juices. She raised her hips and teased the tip of his cock with the entrance of her warm pussy. She held the throbbing head in place, teasing them both by rotating her hips around it.

"Are you going to be a good boy?" She breathed huskily. Her fingernails found his windpipe again and applied just enough pressure to be uncomfortable. He nodded.

"Say, 'Yes, Mistress'". She commanded, and applied more pressure.

"Yes, Mistress." He grunted. She eased the tip of his cock a little further inside her. It sent a wave of tingles up her body and made her moan loudly.

"Do not move." She commanded with a husky growl.

"Yes, Mistress." He replied. She cooed at his obedience and thrust herself down onto his hard shaft. It made them both groan in pleasure as the tension she created was finally appeased. She had played long enough. She needed this, and didn't have the patience to wait any longer. As her hips bucked up and down on his long hard shaft, she planted her hands on his chest for balance. Each thrust brought moans and whimpers from the both of them as her tight cunt was filled completely by his thick cock. But that wasn't enough, she wanted all of him inside her.

The Zecairin elf was small compared to her captive, never the less when she sat upright and pressed all of his thick shaft deep inside her, it glided in effortlessly until it reached the deep itch she needed scratched. There she held herself as her breath caught in her throat and a minor tremor coursed through her body and legs. It made her toes tingle and her nipples ache for attention. She pulled one of her voluptuous breasts up to her mouth until she could lavish her erect nipple with her tongue. Her fingers pulled and rolled the other nipple, eliciting whimpers and pants of ecstasy -- it wouldn't be long now. Her tension had been building for so long that this would be a quick release. 

To help her on her way, she started massaging her breasts as she grinded against his hard manhood. Her lips alternated between her own nipples as the excitement built inside her to a climax. Then, just as she was about to crest, she felt him spasm suddenly and jerk up inside her. Warm seed flooded her pussy as he came with a grunt, and she felt each spurt of it shoot deep inside her. That was the final push she needed, and her breath caught in her throat as the massive wave of pleasure shot through her body. Her legs trembled, and her back arched backwards until her head came to rest on his shins.

Her scream of passion slowly leaked out as muffled squeaks, milked out of her body as her hands cupped her breasts and squeezed them. His hot cum still came in small spurts inside her, and each one caused another quake through her body and another small squeal to escape. Once it subsided it left both of them in a thick afterglow. Her lover was writhing under her and moaning contently, his brain fogged with the pleasure of their joined release. She, however, had played long enough.

Taught stomach muscles pulled her gracefully up to a sitting position, and then to a hovering position as her hands migrated up his hairy chest. The came to rest on his cheeks, and held his lips as she licked them tantalizingly.

"Good boys are rewarded." She cooed. She saw the faint curve of a smile form on his lips before she lifted his head up and slammed it back down on the hard floor. He managed half a grunt before he was knocked unconscious. Slowly, begrudgingly, she lifted herself off of that wonderful hard cock. She moaned loudly as she savored the feeling of it sliding slowly out of her until it was free. Then with a sigh of disappointment, got to her feet and stretched. "The only reason you'll awake with a headache, little boy is because the gods graced you with that wonderful thing." She purred as she stretched. "Your short sighted brethren, however, will not be so lucky."

Quietly, she opened the door a crack. Sure enough, she was in a storage closet of a wine cellar. Walls lined with large casks pointed her way to a stairwell at the other side of the room. On the other side of the door, a slim metal key still stuck out from the keyhole. She shook her head in disappointment as she exited the cellar, and locked her not too bright, unconscious captive inside the room. The key then disappeared into the dark corners of the room, skidding across the stone floor.

Daylight flowed down the staircase, and at its top was a half opened oak door. It was her only avenue of escape so she took it carefully, and stealthily. On the other side was another storage room, she could smell spices and the reek of pickled vegetables. There was also no one inside. "No guards?" she scowled as she thought to herself, "sloppy work." Then she heard the muffled voices from the other side of the wall. They weren't completely stupid after all. And as she looked around this storage room, she realized that there was only one door and one way out as well. However, the light came in through a large window to her left -- large enough for an elf to squeeze out of, but not the slumbering brute she left below.

Silently, cautiously, she stepped into the light. The feeling she had of being completely naked was due to being so visible and exposed in the bright light of the surface, and not due to her actually being completely naked. Her eyes couldn't seem to adjust to it completely, but she only needed to tolerate it long enough to get through that window. Nimbly she crawled atop a cask that reek of vinegar and parted the shutters on the outside of the window slowly.

"How long is he going to take?" She was startled to hear a man's voice, as the door to the other room suddenly opened. She couldn't afford stealth anymore, and vaulted through the window. She landed on the other side, and pressed herself up against the stone wall to hide her profile from anyone that might look out the window. The man just walked past to the stairs to stomp loudly down them.

"So sloppy," she grunted quietly to herself in disbelief. If she had known escape would be this easy, she'd have tried it long ago. However, their interrogation methods were too much fun, and she hadn't made up her mind that she wanted to leave yet. Around her was a long outer wall that seemed to encompass this place. There was no one atop it walking patrol, but the wall itself was made out of smooth plaster -- there was nothing to hold onto to climb it. Above her, the roof to this building was, however, within reach. And with a running start she could clear the distance to the ledge of the wall above.

Silently she stood up and hid behind the storm shutter. Through its slats she could see partially into the storage room and saw no one was inside. Without wasting a second more she planted a foot onto the window sill and launched herself backwards in the air. The roof overhang immediately came within reach, and with a firm grip she swung herself up over on top. The coast was clear atop the roof, and she landed so silently, sprawled on her hands and feet, that she smirked with pride.

People of the surface relied so much on sight, that they hadn't trained their ears to the same proficiency. She started to believe that if she just stayed out of sight, she could make all kinds of noise and not be discovered. That was a dangerous thought; and she scolded herself for getting sloppy. There must be a hidden danger here, some reason these novices were so easy to elude, some reason her escape had so far gone unnoticed and bloodless.

The shingles she crouched on were ceramic and cemented in place. The roof itself was slanted up to a crest, and then back down on the other side. Slowly she crawled to its peak and looked out over the compound before her. It was a beautiful site for a prison camp. Gardens and finely manicured walkways joined the simple, sprawled buildings. About two dozen simple houses and halls were arranged in a concentric square pattern leading from a central courtyard to the outer wall. Far off into the distance she could see a main gate in the middle of a section of wall. 

Something moist landed on her shoulder and it startled her. Water started dripping from the sky above and it made her uncomfortably nervous. It made little patter sounds on the shingles and grew in volume as it became heavier. Soon a chorus of the small sounds echoed all over this compound as the water struck the roofs of the other buildings. It was hard for her to make out other sounds over the roar of the rain. She had heard of this phenomenon, but never spent enough time on the surface to witness it. She couldn't have asked for a better cover. It was so noisy it would mask any sound she made. Yet, it still made her uneasy. They couldn't hear her, but she couldn't hear them either. Someone could sneak up on her, drowned out by the sound of the rain.

The soft tap of a metal tip on her shoulder just confirmed that fear.

"Congratulations, you passed the first step." The man said as she whirled around startled to face a spear point aimed at her throat. "I was most impressed with that display of agility. However, I am dismayed that it took you this long to escape." She didn't respond, but backed away from that spear tip. Standing over her was a man of immense physical stature. He was short for human, but each inch of his body was finely chiseled muscle and sinew. His legs were covered by a long black skirt parted in the middle, and his chest covered in a blue vest. If his power wasn't impressive enough, the silence with which he moved alarmed her more. Had she not been distracted by the rain and the scenery below, she might have detected him. 

"I am Mero." He introduced himself, and brought the spear to rest on his shoulder. His face was groomed, and his head shaved. "I am an Elite. You will find me much different from the Acolytes."

"I don't understand." She admitted, and didn't move an inch. Yet her arms and legs were poised to leap into action should this man Mero make a move.

"I am the next challenge on your path to freedom." He explained. His non-chalantness irked her. It was if this was a game to him. She swept her leg out suddenly, to take him off his feet, but he hopped out of the way. It wasn't surprising, so she used the moment to flip up to her feet. She stood crouched, and poised to move as she awaited his reaction. Mero just stood there with his spear still resting over his shoulder.

"I have never fought a naked female Zek before." He admitted and scratched his head in confusion. "I am unsure how etiquette would suggest I entreat with you." He started to circle her in an uninterested fashion. "Would you be offended if I paused to offer you clothing? Would you be insulted if I didn't?" he pondered rhetorically. In his moment of contemplation, she seized the distraction and bolted for the opposite side of the roof. The next building was within leaping distance and she made it effortlessly. 

However, Mero landed right beside her with just as much grace.

"It is very rude to leave when your host is speaking." He commented smugly. She darted off again, this time determined to put sizable distance between Mero and herself. Building after building came and went, and each time she landed she raced for the next one. As the rain continued, she couldn't hear his movements, but she could feel the wind his bulk made leaping after her as he kept pace. Mero was certainly more persistent than those fools below, but she wasn't certain he was formidable yet. He was playing with her instead of stopping her with force. For as long as he insisted on playing this game, she would continue to exploit it, until he slipped up.

As her feet landed on the next rooftop and she felt that tell tale rush of air following her, she reversed her momentum and threw a backhanded fist at his head. Mero shifted his weapon to his off hand, and blocked her strike bare fisted. Her leg swept for his foot once again to throw him off balance, but it too was easily dodged. Since Mero didn't seem interested in retaliating, she took this opportunity to engage fully in hand to hand combat. She wasn't without some skill and she struck at his head and stomach with quick punches, but each one fell just a hair short as he stepped back. Her feet followed up with fierce strikes at his temples or knees, attempting to debilitate her opponent, but they too couldn't make contact. 

She probed his defenses, letting her mood settle into full combat. They danced the soldier's dance on this rooftop, she led and he followed. Strike after strike came, but despite her efforts she couldn't hit him. There was too much distraction here; the sunlight was too bright and it hurt her sensitive eyes, the rain was too loud and kept her from focusing completely on her opponent, plus it got in her eyes from time to time. Her mind was even a little foggy still from the fun she had below. This was a fight she couldn't win.
