 *All characters are 18+. I do not own the idea of boardgames causing players to shapeshift. It is a common idea that can also be declined in nice RP's...*

*This is my first story, hope you'll like it*

*****

The weather was awfully cold, and the wind was blowing. Snow was announced for the next morning. 

Gina closed the door behind her as she walked inside the common room, freezing to death. Her brown hair was all messed up and her skinny legs were shaking.

"Everything alright, Gina?" asked Luca, her roommate who happened to be sitting in the couch, half asleep.

"I'm never getting outside ever again" she answered. It's cold, windy, dark and everything makes you wanna get home and sleep, then wake up, eat and sleep again."

Luca laughed gently and grabbed his cup of tea to take a sip, but soon enough, realised it was empty. Gina went to the kitchen before he could ask her to infuse some more and came back with a bottle of wine.

"Oh, well..." said Luca.

"Yeah, alcohol can probably warm me up so I don't freeze to death. If not so, I'll die happy."

"Now that's some philosophy I can adhere to" answered Luca. "And sharing is caring..."

"Yeah, I was gonna give you some anyway, just wait for it."

She then turned to the old wooden shelf and opened its door to grab two glasses. When she reached the doorknob to close it, Luca frowned his eyebrows and pointed towards the lower part of the shelf.

"Hey, what's that?"

Gina bowed down to look at the thing Luca was referring to. It was an old cardboard box covered in dust. She hesitated for half a second before taking the object in her clean hands. She then blew on the box to reveal the letters that were hidden behind the thin veil of old dirt.

"It says -THE SPLENDID GAME OF T-" said Gina, coughing and realising she had transferred the dust from the box to the floor. "Well, since I'm not going anywhere, how about we give this splendid game a try?"

"Sure, I don't mind. Besides, I love games and I'm pretty sure I'll beat you."

"I'm quite certain of the opposite. Let's say that, if I win, you'll give me your Xbox..."

"What?"

"...for a month. If I loose..."

Luca wanted to be kind to her if she lost. He had always had something for her, feelings...or maybe he was just attracted to her in another way.

"If I win, you'll get to do my laundry for a week."

"Deal."

Gina opened the box and displayed the board on the table. It looked like some fake old Monopoly game edition. She then put the two dice next to the pawns and placed the cards in the middle. Blue cards were marked with "Passive" and red cards with "Active". This felt weird at first, but they just needed to get things started. They threw each a die to determine who would begin.

"6, I begin" said Gina. She then grabbed the second die and threw them both together.

8: Gina's pawn moved forward and landed on a red square. At first, she didn't know what she was supposed to do, but she soon figured it out. She picked a red card and read it for Luca.

"Touch another player's body, with your right hand, anywhere."

Luca blushed and got confused. 

"Well...if the card says so" said Gina, "here goes nothing..."

She then touched Luca's hair with her right hand. At first, nothing seemed to happen, but five seconds later, something weird went on. Luca's dark hair began to grow longer and longer as the seconds passed by. Mesmerised by what was happening, Gina didn't think of getting her hand off his hair and kept it there, causing the hair to grow longer, past his shoulders and soon enough, reaching the middle of his back. She then took her hand off his hair and walked back a few steps.

"What the actual fuck is this??" she shouted.

"I...what...my hair is so...so long all of the sudden. How did you do that? There must be a trick right?"

"No, I didn't set anything up! I...I...don't understand how any of this is possible..."

"Well, I'm not going to keep my hair this way without payback. Gimme the dice"

"Are you sure this is a good idea, Luca? I mean, it could be dangerous..."

"Maybe. Don't you have the thrill, though?"

"Totally" said Gina with a giant smile on her face. She then handed the dice to Luca.

11: Luca moved his pawn to a blue square.

"Ouch, that seems bad for you, Luca" giggled Gina.

He grabbed a blue card and read it out loud:

"Close your eyes and count to five."

He took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

"I feel like this isn't going to be payback time" said Luca.

He then closed his eyes and started to count.

"One."

He then suddenly felt something weird down his pants but didn't want to stop counting, fearing that this would cause a glitch in the game.

"Two."

He really felt weird between his legs, right between his asshole and his balls. It tingled and, although not unpleasant, it tickled softly.

"Three."

This time, he knew for sure something had changed in that area. It itched, but he couldn't scratch this part of his body, not in front of Gina. That would be too embarrassing.

"Four." 

It was almost unbearable. Something was burning in his underpants, hot and cold at the same time, making his cock swell up. His feelings were confused: he didn't know if this was enjoyable or horrific.

"Five. At last."

The pain was gone. He now had a beginning boner, and decided to go to the bathroom, "just in case". Gina stayed in the living room and, half a minute later, heard a scream.

"Fuck! FUCK! WHAT THE FUCK!!"

"Is everything alright, Luca?" asked Gina as she stood up and got to the bathroom door.

"I-it's really fucked up, Gina. I-I have something really weird...down there..."

"Should I call a doctor?"

"No, please no. It'll be fine. I'm just...I'm...whoa, it's so...it's...oh God..."

"What is it? What happened?"

Luca washed his hands and walked out of the bathroom. He then poured himself a full glass of wine and chugged half of it.

"I have a very weird thing there. I...I have a...a pussy..."

"Bullshit. I saw you get a boner."

"I mean...just below my balls. I've got a cock, and a pussy. This game is fucked up, Gina. It's FUCKED UP."

"Yeah, it's fucked up, but...still, don't you wanna see how far it can go?"

"Alright, roll the dice, dammit."

9: Gina landed on a blue square, with a pictogram of two cards.

"Alright, that probably means I get to pick two cards. Here goes the first one: "Latex - Iron - Silk - Slime - Fur. Focus very carefully on one.""

What was that supposed to mean? Gina closed her eyes and waited for something to happen. Suddenly, her skin started to itch. Had it something to do with her latex fetish? Luca stared at her hands that were getting shinier and smoother. Her face had become also very smooth, almost like a doll, with the perfection of a highly photoshopped picture. Then, Gina opened her eyes and looked at Luca. They remained silent for a couple of seconds. She then touched the skin of her forearm and noticed it was softer as before. It also squeaked a little. She grabbed a bit of her skin and pulled on it. It stretched. A lot more than human skin. All of her body was now rubber and could stretch, bend, expand, flatten and contort in any way possible.

"Am I...elastic?"

Luca wouldn't admit it, but it was one of his fetishes since his first sexual activities. The very idea of a girl (or a man) stretching could make him rock hard in seconds. Which now was the case. He crossed his legs, almost petrified by one of his dreams becoming reality and answered:

"Try to reach my glass across the table, from where you're sitting."

Gina stretched her arm to approximately 6 feet and grabbed Luca's glass of wine, took a sip and handed it back to him. They couldn't believe it. 

"Imagine the possibilities" said Gina, winking at Luca.

"Heh, yeah, sure" answered Luca, trying to play it cool and hide his arousal.

"Now, the second card: hold your breasts in you hands and pick a letter of the alphabet."

Luca knew where this was going. Gina probably too, but she played the innocent girl. Her chest was rather flat for a 20-years-old girl. She had been wearing a very small B-cup bra since she was 16 and had never grown since. Now was the time to change.

"I like the letter D. I really like it."

Luca couldn't hold it and laughed out loud. He then apologised and drank a little bit of his wine.

"Dude, really? You're 22, grow up."

She then put her hands on her chest and felt her boobs inflate as if they were balloons. The squeaky sound of rubber stretching as her breasts got bigger turned her on and she felt pleasure as the expansion happened. Her bra was certainly too tight to contain D-sized breasts and she had some troubles breathing. She took her bra off and threw it on the floor. As she took her hands off her chest, Luca could see her two nipples through her shirt and had even more difficulties hiding his boner.

"Wow, look at that! I'm all...busty now! I should've maybe picked another letter, but yeah...that can wait. What do you think?"

"I...I don't know. Boobs are...yeah they're boobs. Cool, cool boobs. Boobs are...your boobs are...cool" answered Luca.

Gina laughed as she understood he was getting nervous about it. She also wanted to see what was hiding inside his underpants. She then suggested:

"You wanna see them?"

"Hm, yeah don't know...I'm not that into..."

"Cut the crap, Luca, I can see your hard cock through your pants. If I take my shirt off, I wanna see your brand new pussy."

"But that's not fair. Let's take everything off, then we'll be even."

"Sounds fair to me."

He was the worst at bargaining.

Gina took her shirt off, revealing her rubber breasts, inflated to the size of two big round shiny grapefruits. She then took her pants and underpants off. Her pussy was shaved and all of her body was making her look like a perfect rubber doll. Luca took his shirt off and threw it on the floor. He did the same with his pants and underwear. His cock was almost fully erect. Gina had no idea it was this big. 8 inches were probably enough to satisfy an average woman, but now that she was turned to a rubbergirl, would she be as sensitive a before? He then grabbed his full balls and lifted them, so he could show Gina his new pussy that was hiding under them. It was getting wet as he imagined what he could do to Gina and her elastic body. But he also wanted to play further, and see how this game could evolve.

8: Luca landed on a red square, also marked with the same pictogram.

"Alright, now it's my turn to pick two cards, great: "Kiss another player and focus on one of their bodyparts during the kiss". Well I'm sorry but there's no choice, heh, don't wanna mess up with the game, you know."

"Right" answered Gina, playing innocent again.

Luca got closer to her and kissed her on the lips. Her soft skin made him instantly fully erect and as she put her stretching tongue in his mouth, wrapped around his, he felt her move oddly. He then grabbed her rubber waist, squeezing until his hands almost touched each other, and felt as if she was pushed towards him. Still playing with their tongues, the two roommates were now lying in Gina's couch, touching and caressing their transformed bodies. When Luca opened his eyes, he noticed something had changed...behind Gina. Her waist had indeed become thinner due to Luca's hands (it was almost as thin as an arm), but her ass was now bigger, as if it had suddenly swollen.

"You've been thinking about my butt, you dirty bastard!"

"N-no, that's..."

"Look, Luca, I'm not complaining. I like it this way. I've always wanted to have a...big booty."

She then grabbed her asscheek and gave it a slap. It was all so round and perfect. Her ass was like two inflated beach balls, squeaking and bouncing as Gina played with them. Luca was even more aroused. His cock seemed to have grown even harder, making Gina long for it. But she wanted him to pick the second card before anything happened.

"There goes the second card: "Perform oral sex on another player until they cum.""

"Ooh, this looks nice..."

"Wait, really?"

"Oh, yeah, Luca. There's no way around it, because we don't wanna mess up with the game, right?" said the girl ironically.

He actually didn't mind licking a pussy. In fact, it was one of his kinks, and now he got to lick a rubber one. That seemed exciting. He knelt before Gina and pushed his head towards her crotch as she spread her legs wide open to welcome his wet tongue. He started to lick her clit and then sucked on her pussy lips. His tongue rubbed against the squeaky rubber, up and down, making her wetter and wetter, down and up, sucking her clit and making it stretch, then regain its former shape, up and down, feeling her pussy swelling up slightly as she began to moan, down and up, sliding his tongue inside her pussy and tasting her sweet juices flowing into his mouth. Things got a little sloppy down there, but she wanted more. As he kept licking, she grabbed his long hair and pressed his head against her snatch so he could lick deeper and deeper. His tongue was covered in saliva and pussy juice, and he liked it, still feeling her pussy pump up. Her latex skin made him hard and wet at the same time, and he started teasing his own pussy.

"Luca, what are you doing?"

He couldn't answer for his head was pressed against her pussy.

"Stop t-touching yourself. I'll do t-that w-when the time c-comes."

She was close to cum, but she wanted it to last a little bit longer. The feeling of her new pussy was incredible. The game had made her even more sensitive and her pussy had never been so well licked before. She wanted his cock, but didn't know what would happen if Luca stopped licking before she came. His tongue was very deep inside her and she couldn't hold her loud moaning. She knew she would cum in seconds, so she pushed his head harder against her swelling pussy, which was now the size of a small tennisball. His face was covered by her pussy and he kept feeling her pushing him against it. Her pussy then stretched around his chin and he got his entire lower face inside her vagina. She screamed and he kept diving in her with his soaking tongue, licking her slippery inner walls, dripping with pussy juice. He loved the way she stretched around his chin, and how deep he had now gotten. He grabbed her ass and licked faster and faster, until she started shaking and moaning harder. Her plump pussy couldn't hold it in anymore. She came in his mouth and squirted a little bit, making her whole body shake and finally stop moving. She let Luca's head go and kissed him. The entire area between her legs was covered in liquid, making her skin shine even more. Luca's cock and pussy were ready for stimulation, but Gina needed to breathe and rest for a little while as he drank some wine.

"You were fucking amazing" she said. "Like...really...out of this world."

"Well, I must say, your pussy was also...quite a delicacy. I like how it swelled in my mouth, around my tongue. I'm so hard, right now...and so fucking wet."

"I think I should roll the dice and see what happens next...maybe you'll get to cum this time..."

11: Gina's pawn got on a red square. She picked an "Active" card and read it for Luca:

""Lick a bodypart of another player". Time for me to return the favour."

"Well, well, well, how the turntables..."

She leaned towards his cock, but instead, decided to lick his balls. She made her tongue come and go on his swollen ballsack, full of warm cum he wanted to fill Gina with. She drooled on his round and firm scrotum and took all of it into her mouth. She then felt it expanding a little bit as she kept licking and slurping her saliva. His pussy got also teased by Gina's elastic tongue and he became even more aroused. He began to pant as he felt his balls grow rounder and bigger, fuller at each lick she gave him. It was like a waterballoon filling constantly, full on the inside and dripping on the outside, covered with Gina's sloppy spit. She knew he loved being inflated and kept twisting her tongue around his swelling balls. They were now the size of a tiny fist, a perfectly round fist, soft and smooth. She loved giving him such a pleasurable time and she then fingered him. His pussy had a very intense sensitivity and he moaned instantly as she touched his clit. He was now fully erect, wet as a swimming pool in which Gina would've wanted to dive, but she considered his balls had now grown enough. They were the size of a ripe orange, ready to be pressed for its precious juice.

"I guess it's my turn then" said Luca, grabbing the dice.

5: He landed on a blue spot. 

""Choose another player. That player must focus on one of your body parts". Well, Gina, here goes. I guess if you think long enough about my cock, it's gonna grow or something..."

"Yeah, that's rather easy" she said as she focused on his bigger-than-average dick.

Luca was surprised as he realised things didn't go as planned. Instead of having his cock grow, a second one was growing just an inch above his first one. Gina knew she really had to focus seriously and keep doing so, otherwise the growth would end quickly and his second cock wouldn't be as big as she wanted. She wanted to keep it growing, bigger and thicker. She closed her eyes and focused even harder. She wanted him to have a third arm between his legs, she wanted it to make Luca feel ashamed his other cock was "only" 8 inches long, she wanted it to stretch her pussy wide open and slide up her body as far as she could take it, she wanted to test her elasticity with his hypercock.

"Gina, enough!"

When she opened her eyes, she couldn't believe it. It was an inflated beast of 18 inches, hard as a rock, ready to use right now. She moved forward to touch it. It felt so real and soft. She wanted it inside her, but she also wanted to see what other kinky stuff the game had for them. She kept his cock in her left hand and threw the dice with her other one.

9: Gina landed three squares from the end, on a red spot with a yellow corner. As mentioned in the captions that were written on the board, a yellow corner meant they would have to continue executing the action written on the card while throwing the dice for the next turn.

"Well, here goes: "Choose a partner. They must penetrate you, anywhere.""

"Well, that's your choice...where should I penetrate you, Gina?"

"Anywhere. I'm so fucking ready for this, come on, big boy..."

He got closer to her, but his huge upper cock got in the way. It took them half a minute to find out in which position they would get to fuck. Doggystyle was the easiest for her. She grabbed his smaller cock and slid it into her plump, inflated pussy to warm it up. She was still lubricated from the oral sex and each time he entered her pussy, they could hear a mix of rubber squeaking and a liquid sloppy sound. Even though his lower cock wasn't that small, he couldn't reach the end of her deep, stretchy, elastic pussy. He then took his lower cock out, grabbed his brand new one, and put it in her snatch. She stretched around with no problem and moaned harder. She loved it. She hadn't been served a proper cock in months now and she needed to catch up. She was being penetrated harder and harder, deeper and deeper at each thrust, squeaking and squishing as she got even more wet and stretched. Luca grabbed her by her inflated boobs and pulled her back, teasing her nipples and trying to reach the very bottom of her vagina, bouncing on her inflated buttcheeks. He then put both his cocks in her pussy and stretched her to the point he could see his own bulge through her belly skin. His two cocks pressing against each other inside Gina made him horny as never before. He continued thrusting his cocks inside her while teasing her nipples and realised he was close to cum. But he didn't want to cum yet: he wanted to experience more of this insane game before he dropped his warm load inside her. As he kept pushing his cocks inside her and making her round ass jiggle like a big balloon, he grabbed the dice and threw them.
