 Three weeks after the game had been discovered and had turned Gina to a rubbergirl, the two roommates were still living together, hanging out most of their time in the same bed, trying to explore Gina's abilities in any way possible and finding out new ways to reach an orgasm. She didn't even get to play with his Xbox once.

They became quickly accustomed to her flexibility. It was now part of their lives, fulfilling most of their desires, until Luca eventually proposed to play another round of the Splendid Game of T. He couldn't get over his defeat and wanted a rematch, to which Gina agreed, wondering if she would get new superpowers, or how, this time, the game would spice up their sexual life.

"Not too flustered about thy upcoming defeat?" asked Gina.

"I don't really care. We both know that in any case, we'll end up having sex for weeks," answered Luca nonchalantly, rolling his eyes. 

Gina laughed, because she knew he was right. She really liked the way he acted with her. Especially the way he made love to her. It was the right amount of bestiality she liked, with the right amount of respect she expected from him. He wasn't a macho at all, and that made her feel safe, when she ended wrapped around him like a rubber towel after they had sex. And she was also happy to find out they shared the same fetishes: he loved the soft texture of her latex skin and flesh and so did she. They were also a lot into expansion, but didn't really know how to inflate Gina. He did try once to blow into her vagina, which caused her belly to inflate slightly, but she had to go for a family emergency, leaving him in bed with a rock hard boner and 6 hours to wait.

"So, are you ready?" asked Luca as he opened the old wooden chest. 

Gina stretched her arms from where she was sitting and grabbed the game, then, as her body slowly regained its initial form, she looked Luca in the eye and licked her upper lip.

"More than ever," she said. 

The thin girl opened the box and displayed the board on the table, rather naturally. Then the bell rang. That was unexpected. Really unexpected.

"Is it someone for you?" asked Luca.

"How the hell should I know?" answered Gina. "Oh, fuck, yeah, right, I'm supposed to see Chiara tonight, right. Shit, hold on."

Gina put her sweatpants on and a tight pullover over her T-shirt, then walked to the door and opened it. Chiara stood there, holding her handbag in one hand and her cellphone in the other one. She was rather small, maybe a little more than 5 feet. She had brown curly hair and a thin waist. Although she was very cute, Luca had always found that she was too mainstream, and had never felt anything for her but sympathy. Maybe it was also because of her total lack of curves. Gina always thought of her as an average TV actress: she had no physical flaws, but nothing more. They were friends since her 15th birthday and they had kissed once while being drunk several years ago, but instantly decided to forget about it and move on with their friendship. It was "nothing more than a kiss".

"Heyyy," said Chiara, hugging Gina, "It's been a while, what have you been doing for the past three weeks?"

The two roommates stared at each other awkwardly.

"Not much, work...stuff for...school, studies...books and...things," answered Gina. "How about you? Are you still dating this guy...Andy?"

"Nope. He's such a boring dinosaur. I mean, this guy is all about kinkshaming and homophobia. According to him, we should just keep sex between a man and a woman in the missionary position and that's it, medieval style. Anything besides that is, I quote, "shameful and against the human nature". Where's the pleasure in that, you tell me..."

"Yeah, right."

"Anyway, I left this moron and now I'm free, single ready to mingle, girl! So, what's up for tonight?"

"Intense boardgaming, are you in?" asked Luca.

"Sure, but only with a bottle..."

"...of white wine, yes, I know, I know," said Gina, closing the door and walking to the kitchen to grab a bottle of Riesling.

"So, what game is it? Monopoly? Pictionary?"

"The Splendid Game of T, a nice game that can get things rather...kinky," answered Luca while Gina poured wine into three glasses.

"Exactly how kinky?" asked Chiara confused.

"Well...it might get a bit...hot. Arousing. Sexual."

"That's really what I need right now, let's play!" said Chiara, moving her glass for a toast. "To the Splendid Game of T!"

After they drank a sip of this sweet wine, they threw each a die to determine who would begin. Chiara rolled a 5, Gina a 2 and Luca a 4.

"Alright, so I get to start. Perfect!"

7: Chiara's paw landed on a blue square. She picked a "Passive" card and read it out loud:

""Choose another player. That player must focus on one of your body parts." So, I guess I'll pick Gina..."

Gina smiled and closed her eyes as she imagined Chiara's lips becoming plumper. Chiara was confused at first, then started to feel something very weird around her mouth. She was petrified and couldn't speak as her lips were warming up. It seemed like they were...growing? How could that be? Chiara couldn't believe any of it and put a finger on her mouth. Then she felt it happen: her lips were indeed swelling up. She rushed to the bathroom and stared at herself in the mirror. She couldn't scream, but felt the urge to do something about it. Her lips had doubled in size now (which was still pretty average, since they were very thin to begin with) and she realised it suited her quite well, but she wanted it to stop. She was scared, scared of this sorcery, of this black magic, making her confused between arousal and fear. Her lips were now each inflated to the size of two fingers.

"Gina, I think this is enough," said Luca who stood outside the bathroom, looking at Chiara's brand new lips.

"H-how...how the fuck did you guys do that? It's a prank, right? Look at me, I'm..."

"...really hot," said Gina. 

She had stretched her neck to get her head in the bathroom and check on her friend's face. She had always loved big fat lips instead of thin ones. It was always softer to kiss, and better to suck on her clit.

"What the fuck is this? What's up with your neck, Gina? How do you do that?" asked Chiara, struggling to speak clearly with her donut lips.

"Yeah, I'm elastic, get over it."

Chiara took a deep breath and stared at her lips in the mirror. It could have been worse. It was difficult to handle at first, but she actually liked them better this way. The feeling of her new mouth, plump and firm, was satisfying, but she had a revenge to take against Gina.

"Alright, let's move on."

5: Luca's start wasn't promising. He landed on a red land and grabbed an "Active" card.

"Choose another player and move them to another place, in any position."

He stared at Chiara, then at Gina, then again, at Chiara. He didn't want to be mean to Chiara, since she had just been transformed and was probably still a bit shocked, so he picked Gina.

"Well, Gina, I guess you'll just have to come over here and sit on my lap."

She stood up and sat her ass down on his crotch. Her rubber flesh made her butt bounce a little, which she knew would make him hard. He had indeed a starting erection, but she could barely feel it through her pants for now. He liked being near her and holding her hand. They were so smooth and soft, and he particularly enjoyed playing with her fingers, stretching them like a rubber toy, bending them and even twisting them around his. She also loved being contorted and played with. Chiara was troubled at the sight of Luca stretching her fingers in this way, but she also felt aroused by the idea of her fingers stretching inside her. How would they play with her pussy? How far would they go inside her vagina? Could they make her cum?

Gina stretched her arm to grab the dice and threw them.

10: She landed on a blue square and picked a card.

"Focus on one of your bodyparts."

Gina and Luca knew what this meant and how it would end. Chiara frowned her eyebrows and stared at Gina confused. What was going to happen? Then she noticed something. Something happening around her butt. It was swelling. She was fascinated by the slow expansion that was happening in front of her, on Luca's crotch. He was really enjoying this, the feeling of her flesh getting fuller and pressing against his cock, harder and heavier as seconds passed by. Her average butt was now filling her sweatpants, stretching them to the point she decided to take them off. Chiara kept looking, amazed by the balloony buttcheeks inflating rounder and bigger. 

She was now what we could refer to as "thick", but she wanted to get her butt larger and fuller. It kept growing on Luca, making his cock hard and press against her crotch that he could now feel through his thin pants. Her panties were now stretching and her pussy got wet from the feeling of Luca's hardening dick. Chiara didn't know if she was supposed to look at them or not. She felt like a voyeur, a peeping Tom, but she also wanted to see how big her friend would grow. She also felt a big jealous of Gina's butt and wished the game would make her swell up too. 

She then noticed Luca's boner, rising between Gina's legs and pressing against her crotch. Even through his pants, she could see he had a big one and she bit her lip, imagining what it could do to her. Gina felt amazing, her ass had finally become as large as she wanted it to be. Her butt was now the size of a yoga ball, bouncing and jiggling on lucky Luca, but still firm and perky. Gina slapped her immense rubber butt and realised at that moment that her panties had been ripped apart. She threw them casually on the floor and stared at Chiara with lust. Luca's cock was now almost fully erect and she loved how it pressed against her pussy with a vigourous will of cumming inside her. Chiara wanted this to happen, so she threw the dice to make her enter the fuckzone.

9: She landed on a red spot with a pictogram indicating she would have to pick two cards.

"Alright, here goes the first one: "Choose another player. Kiss them and take their clothes off." Well, since Gina's already half-naked, I guess I'll pick..."

She moved to Luca and sat on his belly, next to Gina and her overinflated asscheeks. She then bent down to kiss him and pushed her swollen lips on Luca's, then drooled a bit on him as she pushed her tongue in his mouth. She loved sloppy kisses and gave him one, to the point where their lips were now covered in spit. She kept kissing him while she tried to take his pants off, but she obviously needed some help, since Gina was still sitting on his lap, and his big cock was in the way. After a minute, they decided to take all of their clothes off and to keep playing naked. This decision revealed Gina's flatter-than-average chest and her rubber doll body, Luca's 8-inch cock and Chiara's petite shape. Gina was a bit jealous of Chiara making out with Luca, who she considered as her boyfriend now. Or at least her fuckmate. But she knew it was the game, and she would eventually make it even.

"Now with the second card: "Choose a partner. Penetrate them anywhere." This is nice."

Luca wished he still had his pussy to be played with, but unfortunately, it had disappeared after Gina had spoken the magic spell. He then thought maybe Chiara would want to play with his anus, which he hadn't yet played with, but was curious to try out some day, but not now. Instead of choosing Luca, Chiara went to Gina and thought this would be payback time. 

"Gina, how far can you stretch?" asked the petite girl with a sexy voice.

"Well, Chiara, you tell me."

They kissed intensely and Gina then grabbed Chiara's hand to put it on her crotch. Chiara teased her friend, feeling its dampness on her fingers. She then pushed her index into Gina's pussy, twisting it to feel her tight inner walls press against it as she played with Gina's clit with her other hand.

"Chiara, stretch me."

The girl then added two more fingers, still going in and out as Gina's clit filled itself with pleasure. She felt like this wasn't enough and put her whole fist inside Gina's vagina, stretching her latex pussy like she had ever seen. It wasn't Gina's first fist, though. Luca had already had the opportunity to stretch her this way (and even a little more) during their three excellent weeks of sex. But she loved the touch of Chiara's soft and delicate hands, one now twisting her swollen clit, and the other one deep up her vagina. Tiny Chiara still pushed further, back and forth inside her rubber friend as if she had no limits to her elasticity. She was now elbow deep inside Gina and was still pushing, finally reaching her cervix. Gina screamed of pleasure, begging for more. 

That was making Luca harder than ever. His roommate being inflated and stretched like a human balloon, and her best friend making her moan and scream were definitely making him want to see more. Chiara's arm was now soaked in slimy pussy juice and she loved every ounce of it. She gave her wet arm a lick and plunged it back into her friend's snatch. She really loved things to be sloppy. After a little while, she took her arm out of Gina's pussy, still bound to it by a slimy thread of grool.

"You'll get to cum later, I promise, but I wanna see how this game can change us more."

"You better stick to that promise, Chiara," answered Gina as she grabbed the dice with her elongated arm to hand them over to Luca who was now horny as hell. 

As they all were.

11: Luca landed on the same spot as Chiara. That was a nice comeback after his lame first throw. He asked Gina to pick a card for him, which she did.

"Choose another player. Latex - Iron - Silk - Slime - Fur. Focus very carefully on one."

"Oh, I know this card," said Gina. "So, who'll it be, this time?"

"Since I want to keep you elastic, Gina...Chiara, you'll transform this time."

"Haven't I already been through enough tonight?" peeped Chiara, obviously faking some sort of fear.

"Not even close to enough," answered Luca, staring at Chiara who was expected to change soon. 

Then it happened. Her fingers felt wet. Not from water, but something slicker, thicker, heavier. Both her arms were now covered in translucent goo, her flesh disappearing slowly under this layer of thick slime. She was now dripping. Every bit of her body was flowing in thick sticky slime. Gina grabbed a plastic sheet and put it on the floor, so the carpet wouldn't get stained by Chiara. Although all of her body had now become goo, she wasn't scared at all. Au contraire, it had made her hornier and literally wetter than ever before. She could actually control all of the matter she was made of, and she started to play with it. 

All the slime that had run down to her feet was now flowing back upwards and relocating itself in her boobs. She had become even smaller, but her tits were much rounder and fuller. Maybe they could even fill an E cup, thought Gina who had kept her tits to the same size since the beginning. Chiara loved the way she felt: sloppy, gooey, and most of all, wet. 

"I know you like things sloppy, Chiara," said Luca, "so I thought maybe you'd like to be a slime girl, what you think of it?"

"You'll be rewarded, sir," she answered with a wink.

Luca then asked Gina to grab him another red card.

"Choose another player. Pour liquid on their whole body."

Gina thought Luca would want to make her whole body wet, but instead he chose Chiara again.

"I've always wanted to know if this thing about slime girls was real," he said while grabbing a bottle of water. "Are you ready, Chiara?"

As she nodded, he poured half of the bottle on what appeared to be her hair, indistinguishable from the rest of her head. It took her ten seconds to absorb the water and mix it with her slime, causing her to grow taller and expand her butt. It was now a big round translucent butt, slimy like some sort of lube Luca had seen on the internet several months ago.

"More?" he asked, shaking the bottle before Chiara's eyes.

Again she nodded, and again, Luca poured the remaining half of the bottle on Chiara's head, causing her to grow even more. She was now almost 6 feet, but decided to relocate some of her mass into her boobs. They were starting to become massive and firm, almost as big as watermelons. Both Gina and Luca wanted to feel her slime tits, and Chiara felt honoured by their gazes. She also wanted to explore her capacities, but wanted to see what Gina would roll.

10: Gina's pawn landed on a purple square with a double card pictogram. That meant she could choose twice between a "Passive" and an "Active" card.

"I'll go with a blue one first: "Close your eyes and count to five.""

"Oh, right, it's one of "those" cards," answered Luca.

She closed her eyes and started to count.

"One."

She felt a light tingling above her pussy, as if something was coming out of her belly. She obviously knew what was happening and she loved the idea of it.

"Two."

The bulge had become a long rubber protuberance, pointing up like a red pickle.

"Three."

Below her growing cock, balls started to form. They were the size of a ping-pong ball, adorable and yet so round and...suckable.

"Four."

Her cock was now a little below average and her balls filling up with what they all hoped would be cum. Thick slimy cum to satisfy Chiara.

"Five."

She had now a black rubber cock. A real dick of her own, ready to use and to fuck. Her balls were a little small though, which she regretted. Before Luca could move to watch her shiny 6-inch-long cock closely, she...

"Six."

She had dared to go further than what the game offered. To the general surprise, her cock continued growing an inch longer. Her balls were still filling up.

"Seven."

She smiled because of her successful attempt to grow even longer and fill these balls up. She held her rubber cock in her hands like an inflatable dildo and counted further.

"Eight."

As her fat dick inflated thicker, her fingers stretched a bit around it with a squeaky, rubbery sound. She loved this powerful feeling.

"Nine. Ten."

It was now 12 inches long, fully erect. Not a horse cock, but surely enough to give someone some pleasure. Her balls were also inflated to the size of a melon, which gave her instantly the desire to grasp them and play with her scrotum like a tit. Chiara was drooling even more at the sight of this rubber toy. She really wanted to suck it and slurp it and cover it in thick slime. Luca also wanted to pleasure her, but felt rather embarrassed by the size of his own cock. Gina kissed him and rubbed her cock on his, playing with the two tips. With her left hand, she then grabbed a red card and read it out loud.

"Choose another player. Suck on one of their bodyparts."

"Well, I mean, you could suck my knee," joked Luca.

"Shut up and give me your cock, honey."

She knelt and welcomed his warm and hard cock between her lips. She licked the tip and twisted her tongue all around his cock, stretching and slithering like a snake around a tree. As she kept sucking, pushing him deeper inside her mouth, she felt him grow thicker and longer, to the point she had to deepthroat him. It wasn't a problem for a rubbergirl. Her throat stretched easily around it and she kept slurping on it as he kept expanding. She loved it, and so did he. He felt so tight inside his rubber girlfriend, and so powerful. He took his cock out of her mouth, covered in spit, and realised how much it had grown. It was now almost bigger than hers! 

She made eye-contact with him and kept sucking on it. He wasn't about to cum yet, but felt his balls getting full and stimulated. Gina swallowed his cock entirely, forming a big bulge in her throat, and spat it out, drooling on it at each thrust. When it was big enough, she decided to lick its head and play with her hands around his shaft. It was now around 15 inches long, dripping and hard like wood. Chiara wished she was at Gina's place, with her face full of stringy spit and precum, drooling with lust and a desire for more. She then asked Gina to roll the dice so she wouldn't get the game all soiled with her slime hands.
