 This is the tale of Lane and how she lost herself in the woods. Lost herself, but found who she really was. The tale goes a little something like this.

Lane woke up early that day. She pulled her arms out from under her covers, stretching her muscles to get the blood flowing. She lifted her eye mask from her vivid blue eyes, rubbing away the sleep and waking up a little more. The early sunlight streamed in through her curtains and fell in a yellow rectangle across her bed. She glanced down at her large well rounded breasts which had popped out from below the covers during her stretch. Her dark pink nipples were hard. She reached down to pinch them lightly and immediately felt a twinge of desire between her thighs. She continued to pull, and pinch, and progressed to massaging her breasts together and apart. She could feel herself getting damp. Slowly she began to slide her right hand down her slender stomach. She thought to herself "Alarm hasn't gone off yet, I have a little time to take care of things." Just as her fingers reached her clit, with an electric jolt through her body... "Beep beep beep" went the alarm. With a quick curse in her head she jumped out of bed and began to get ready.

It was the first day of summer break and she was rearing and ready to go on her camping trip. She was planning to get to the camp site a few days early to settle in and have some alone time before her best friend, Sara, arrived. She threw her tent, cooler, and bags into the back of her truck and hit the road. She had a few hours of driving ahead of her before she made it to the base of the mountain and she was eager to get it over with. The drive was difficult with how horny she was. At the pit stop she had debated trying again. But the place was grimy and gross and rapidly repelled the thought.

At the base of the mountain her uncles cabin was nestled in among the trees. He had left that morning on a business trip and had left her the horses already ready. One was saddled and the other with its pack harness on. She loaded up the harness with her gear and as the sun reached midmorning, she mounted up and began to make her way up the mountain. The constant movement between her thighs was a consistent tease, and by the time she made it to the camp site she was soaking wet. She unpacked, set up camp, stalled the horses in their pin, and decided midday was as good a time as any to go for a swim.

There was a large stream that ran through the camp, with a good sized pond a little higher up the mountain. The water was crystal clear and often very cold, and was the nourishment source for all the plant life around it for miles. She trekked up to the pond with nothing but a towel in hand. At the edge of the water she stripped down to her knickers, leaving her clothes in a pile on top of the towel, which she had laid out in the sunlight. She started in to the water and then decided why not have a little fun! She took what little clothing was left off, and in nothing but her birthday suit stepped her way into the chill water.

The pond was deep, and many strokes across, with very gentle moving water. As she let herself float and relax her body drifted to the center to the pond. The soft lapping of the water between her thighs was working its magic. It wasn't long before she could feel her hips automatically start to ever so slightly buck up and down. She reached down and opened herself up, exposing her sex to the cold tongue of the water. As her excitement increased she tried to touch herself, but the task of masturbating and floating at the same time was a bit more difficult then she had hoped.

She swam her way back to the edge of the pond. Resting on the sun warmed rocks but with most her her body still underwater. She slid her hand between her thighs and finally began to rub her clit. The water lapped at her nipples, increasing her pleasure. She had been ready all morning and could feel her body staying consistently wet, lubricating itself more and more as the gentle water continued to wash it away. Sliding two fingers into herself, tight and warm, she moaned out loud. While still teasing her clit with her thumb she slid her fingers in and out over and over, faster and faster. In no time at all she cried out in orgasm. She laid back and let the water clean her up. Then contentedly relieved she got up and went to the towel. Suddenly very tired she decided to lay out in the sun on the towel to dry off. In her slumber, ever so subtle changes began to take place in the forest around her.

When she awoke she was relieved to find that she hadn't been asleep too long, and was hopeful that she wouldn't end up with a sunburn. She wrapped the towel around her body and made her way back to the campsite. The feel of the warm green grass under her feet and the scent of the fresh mountain air heightened her senses. It was as though she could see, hear, feel, and smell better then she ever had before. She could also sense that every one of those senses caused a tingle between her hips. She laughed at herself wondering how she could be horny again already.

Back at the campsite she slipped into her bikini, made a simple sandwich lunch, and grabbed a book and blanket. She made a little nest for herself at the base of the tree beside a cluster of small purple and red mushrooms and settled in. With nothing pressing for time, and no more requirement then to relax, she stayed in her nest and continued to read even after lunch. Chapter and chapter, page by page, she was drawn into the novel. A story of magic and fantasy. She knew magic wasn't real but she still enjoyed reading about it and pretending it was. Knights in shining armor, damsels in distress, dragons, unicorns, fairies, you name it, the book had it. She reached a point in the novel with a very detailed and elaborate sex scene between the two main characters. As she read on she could feel herself getting more and more wet. As the main character reached orgasm she was startled out of the book by a stickiness on her hand.

She looked down to see her hand wrapped around a mushroom. She could have sworn there had been a bunch of small ones, but now there was only this one large one. She didn't remember putting it in her hand and yet there it was. To her surprised she also realized that she was slowly stroking it up and down. For some reason, this action was turning her on even more. The mushroom was red with purple spots and fairly large. About 8 inches tall, 2 inches across, and with a wide bulbous cap. It was firm, but yielding, and felt very much like a penis in her hand. 

As she continued to stroke it up and down she noticed a glistening bead of... something forming at the tip of the mushrooms cap. She reached with her other hand and picked up the drop with her finger tip. It had the same sticky consistency of whatever was on the hand stroking. Without thinking she put her finger in her mouth. The sap, for lack of a better word, was very sweet and satisfying. She began to stroke a little faster, harder, but still cautiously for fear of damaging the mushroom. The more eager she got in stroking the more sap the mushroom produced. The more sap she consumed the more eager she became for an orgasm. 

With both hands now covered in sap she continued stroking with the one hand and put the other to good use between her thighs. Her whole body was tingling with anticipation. Her eyes were fixed on the mushroom as she brought herself to orgasm again. As her body began to shake and her vision began to blur it was as though the mushroom shot out half a dozen spurts of sap high into the air. The thought of making a mushroom cum was insane but it made her body rock with a second and equally intense orgasm. When she finally came down from her high she realized how preposterous it was that she even thought a mushroom could orgasm, much less actually react to a handjob.

She walked to the stream to wash her hands and between her legs. In the back of her mind she thought she should be worried about the mushroom being poisons but for some reason she just didn't really care. The sun was almost down below the ridge and her stomach growled. She hadn't realized how much time she had spent with the book and with her... activities afterward. She started up a small fire, checked on the horses, and made a delicious camp fire dinner. As the stars began to pop out she cleaned up, put out the fire, and crawled into her tent completely full and satisfied. Well, mostly satisfied. There was still an unsatiated tingle deep inside herself.

She woke up with a start in the middle of the night. She wasn't sure what woke her. There was no sound in the camp aside from a light breeze and quiet murmurs of the horses. She unzipped the tent and stepped out to be startled by just how many fireflies there were about. They were everywhere! In the branches above her head, all about the camp, and swirling in the wind in the field before her. She was in awe of their beauty and in rapture of their glow. Slowly she realized they weren't the only thing glowing. The mushroom at the base of the tree was glowing a soft pink. As she approached it it seemed to her that it was smaller now and further away from the tree. She thought that that surely wasn't possible though.

She knelt down beside it and gently poked it with her finger. Right before her eyes it grew in size and glowed a little brighter. She gentle traced around the cap with her finger tips and watched as it grew larger, harder, and brighter. A small bead appeared at the tip of its cap and without even thinking she placed both hands on the ground on either side of the mushroom and leaned down to lick it up. As her tongue touched it two things happened. She felt the ground around the mushroom begin to vibrate almost in a humming pattern. And she felt her pussy become immediately soaked. 

She didn't think, she didn't rationalize, she didn't do anything except follow her desires. She pulled off her shorts and angled herself just above the cap of the mushroom. Looking down at it, she began to rub the head up and down along her pussy. She was so wet she could see the mushroom glisten with her juices. Everywhere her juices touched the mushroom glowed a vivid red. She could feel the vibrations of the humming earth through the mushroom. With a soft moan she settled her hips down and felt the head of the mushroom squeeze its way in to her tight pussy. She knew there was no way she would be able to fit it all in but up and down she moved taking more and more inside of her.

Lane was caught by delighted surprise when she looked down and saw only the base of the mushroom. She felt so full. Her body burned as the mushroom continued to hum inside of her. She rested her hands on the tree in front of her, settled on to her knees, and watched with increased lust as she slid up and down on the glowing mushroom. It was entirely red now as she came up, letting the head ALMOST pop out and then settling back down. As the sensations increased she closed her eyes and tilted her head back. She looked up in to the tree and could have sworn she saw someone up there. But she was so close to orgasm she didn't care. She rocked back and forth, up and down, and with an intensity that made all her senses dull she was rocked with the most insane orgasm. She continued to move up and down, forcing the orgasm to prolong itself. 

And just as she was prepared to pull herself off the mushroom she felt the ground beneath her shudder as the hot sap from the mushroom shot inside her. Her eyes grew wide as she counted one, two, three, four, five, six, seven... She realized she probably should have moved after the first spurt, but came to the realization that it felt incredibly good and frankly, she didn't care how weird it was. The ground ceased shuddering, the mushrooms humming slowed to a stop, and as she pulled herself up and onto her feet there was a rustle in the leaves above her. She looked up and saw a shadow move unbelievably fast and make off into the field. She realized a normal person would be scared, or perhaps even not believe their eyes. But at this point Lane realized she wasn't normal at all. And as the shadow disappeared into the distance entirely she heard a voice in the wind float back to her, and all it said was "Good..."