 The next morning Lane woke up with the sun feeling refreshed and ready to start the day. A quick breakfast and a dip in the pond, then she got out her book and finished it. After lunch she decided it was a good day for a walk. She put on her hiking gear and headed out for a trek. The cool breeze felt good on her legs and arms as the warm sun beat down its rays. After a short while she came upon a second clearing. In the very center of the pool of green grass lay a large old tree trunk, long fallen. She decided to investigate. It seemed rather odd for the tree to be entirely alone. As she reached it she saw many of those small red and purple mushrooms all around the base.

As she circled around the tree she realized there were no branches on one end nor roots on the other. It was almost as though the tree had broken at either end and had somehow made its way here on its own. In the middle of the tree trunk, pointing at a slight angle toward the sun, was the residual nub of what was once a branch. She pulled herself up onto the trunk to sit for a bit and soak in the sun. She was sitting there relaxed and happy when she furrowed her brow. Looking down at her hand she was confounded to see that it was wrapped around the branch nub. And she was stroking it. 

"Well..." she said out loud to no one in particular "My hand sure has a mind of its own these days."

But she didn't stop. It had been warmed by the sun, and weather worn smooth by wind. It was rounded at the top, with smooth ridges running up and down it in a swirling pattern. She could feel herself getting wet. With only a limited supply of underwear she decided it would be best to just take them off. With her panties and shorts in a pile on the ground beside her pack she returned to stroking the branch with both hands. It was about the same size as the mushroom had been, except more rigid and slightly curved.

"Well, I already did a mushroom. Cant get any weirder then that." she said again as she came to the sudden decision to put the branch nub inside her. Her hiking boots kept her steady as she straddled the branch and lowered herself on to it. Slowly, up and down, to get it lubricated with her own fluid. The ridges felt amazing, and at its curved angle it hit her in all the right places. Her eyes rolled back in to her head as she began to ride the branch. She started moaning, growing louder and louder. Suddenly she heard a rustle in the trees behind her. She turned, and could have sworn the shadows moved. She felt watched. Like there was more then one pair of eyes witnessing her pleasure. But she didn't care.

She sat up and leaned back to force the branch to push against her g-spot as she rode it. She knew she couldn't go too fast or too vigorous. The branch was very rigid and she had no desire to hurt herself. So she reached down and began to rub her clit with one hand and squeeze her left breast with the other. The orgasm hit her suddenly, and intensely, without warning. She was screaming out in ecstasy to the woods around her. As her orgasm slowed, she laid down on top of the fallen tree. She could feel her pussy still pulsing around the branch. She again suddenly felt so tired. She couldn't recall orgasms wearing her out like this before. She remembered thinking she should probably get back to camp as she drifted off to sleep.

...

She woke up in a drowsy fashion and realized it was well after dark. She found she was laying in the grass and her head was resting on something warm and soft. She thought it must be her pile of clothes until she realized she was looking at them. She sat up quickly, still half naked, but there was nothing there. She reached out and sure enough there was something soft and warm were her head had been. Suddenly it felt as though it moved! She jerked back, and then yelled out with a start when she heard something say "That would be my leg" from directly in front of her.

There was nothing there. There couldn't be anything in front of her. Though it was night the moon was out and she could see well enough. And what she saw was... nothing. She reached out again, and again felt something warm. With a quizzical brow the only sentence she could manage was "Um..."

In reply the voice both masculine and feminine said "That... would be my shoulder."

Lane started to pull her hand away and then decided not to. She left it where it was and asked "Who are you and why cant I see you?"

"I am a spirit of the forest. Or, well, THE spirit of the forest. Iv lived here since before these trees sprouted from the ground. And never in all this time have I met anyone as free with their body, as curious, and as willing to satiate as you."

"I... think I will take that as a compliment." Lane said. She realized she wasn't remotely scared, and again came to the conclusion that she was not normal.

"Oh, it is most certainly a compliment. Iv been watching you. Iv also laid out my forest in a way that would allow you to use it to satisfy yourself. I have quite enjoyed it and clearly so have you. Also, I can tell exploring my body with your hands is making you wet. Tell me..." he drifted off, implying she should tell him her name. She did so as she realized her hands with a mind of their own were, in fact, roaming this unseen body. Though the voice was gender unidentifiable the body below her hands was most definitely male.

"So tell me, Lane, what would you do if I said I desired very much to share in mutual pleasure with you?"

Lane didn't answer. Instead she let her hand wander lower down his chest, stomach, and reached what she was looking for. A very hard, very well sized, very warm cock. At least she figured it was a cock. It was in the right spot after all. He was already excited and upright. She lowered her head and using her hand hold as direction placed her mouth around the head of this invisible cock. Up close she realized it wasn't actually invisible. He really was a shadow. If you looked close enough you could see his shape in the moonlight.

He slipped his fingers in to her hair and gently pulled her eager mouth away from his cock. She watched as he shifted so that he was kneeling on his knees before her. She was amazed at how she could see him, and yet see right through him. She watched as he reach toward her face, cupping her jaw in his hand. He pulled her mouth to his and kissed her. She had to close her eyes. Kissing thin air made her feel a bit disoriented. His hand slipped back in to her hair and he guided her mouth back to his solidly invisibly cock.

She moaned as he slid it in to her mouth. He felt very warm, much warmer then a human cock would be. She slid her mouth as far down as it could go, her face against his smooth stomach, then pulled back. She was surprised that though his member most certainly filled her mouth and throat she didn't gag on it. This made her even more eager to continue. She swirled her tongue around the head and then dipped her head all the way back down. She slowly pulled back, sucking deeply as she did. She felt him begin to vibrate as he let out a hardy moan. Suddenly and without warning she felt warm fluid in her mouth. She continued to suck and swallow, even though she was a bit disappointed.

"I... apologize" the voice said. "It has been a very, very, VERY long time since I have been with anyone in an intimate sense."

Before she had the chance to reply Lane felt him lift her up from in front of him and lay her on the ground. He pulled off her boots, socks, tank top, and bra. She could make out his form settling in between her wide open thighs. It was surreal really, knowing she was about to have sex with someone she could hardly even see. Before she had time to really think about it she felt him push his still hard cock inside of her.

There is no way to describe what she felt. It was like lightening, and fire, and ice cold rain all coursing through her body. He filled her completely, but not just physically. Without even having reach orgasm she already felt entirely satisfied. As he began to move inside her she only felt herself drift higher and higher. He leaned above her, gently holding her hands above her head, thrusting slowly in long torturous strokes. The moon was behind him and she could just make out the shape of his face. To her standards, and despite being a shadow, he was very handsome. When she looked into his eyes she couldn't see if he was looking back in to hers. It felt like it though, and that was more then enough.

She moaned loudly, lifting her hips to meet each of his thrusts. He began to kiss along her neck and shoulders leaving tails of fire. When he released her hands she wrapped them low around his waist trying to pull in him more and more. The feel of his body against her, on top of her, pressing her down against the sweet smelling grass, and the feel of him moving within her was too much. With a loud scream, loud enough to rouse the birds from their slumber in the trees around the meadow, she came harder then she ever had before. He continued to move in and out, never stopping, as the orgasm raced through her.

He didn't give her a chance to calm down. As the orgasm subsided he sat back and pulled her legs up and wide apart. He placed his hands on the back of her thighs just above her knees. He pushed back on her legs lifting her hips up from the ground. At this angle she could just barely make out the shape of his cock moving in and out. More so she could see herself open and exposed. In the bright moonlight she could almost see into herself as he moved his nearly invisible cock back and forth inside her. Faster, harder, eagerly, he moved in and out. There was no holding back as she felt another orgasm approach. He still never stopped and she screamed, cried out, clawed at his shadowed thighs, gripped on to the grass below her. Her body rocked, and shook, and shuddered beneath him. And just as her orgasm came down, her pussy pulsing hard and tight around his still pounding cock, she felt his body begin to vibrate and hum. With a guttural groan, loud enough to fill the space inside the circle of trees, she felt searing hot fluid fill her. It tingled, burned almost, but felt absolutely amazing.

She felt his body grow limp and lax, despite the fact that his penis was still completely hard inside her. He laid down on top of her and his warmth, her satiated need, and sheer exhaustion caused her to rapidly fall fast asleep. 

She woke in her tent with the sun rising in the east. Her clothes were folded neatly beside her and she could tell by its silhouetted shape that her pack was just outside the flap of the tent. Had she dreamt it? Did it really happen? She reached between her thighs and found that it was a bit tender, and quite warm. She picked up her little travel clock and in complete panic threw on some clothes. She had less then an hour to get the horses ready and make her way back down the mountain to get Sara!