 Thank you for the feedback and yes this story was inspired by SAO. I watch A LOT of anime and really enjoy almost everyone I see. While I watched SAO when it first appeared I really didn't think up this story till recently. No I will not be copying SAO in the fact that you are shoved into a game you cannot log out of and if you die in the game you die in real life. This is a story about mixed matched love, since that is what I call my relationship with my boyfriend, and about magic being real. Please enjoy and all feedback good, or bad is welcome.

LillyStyle

***********

Chapter 2

"The instructions seem simple enough." Ace said holding the small box that contained their information. 

"What do you mean simple enough? If they get any simpler he'd be doing everything for you!" Miranda yelled out giving him a quick slap on the head.

Leon just laughed making sure all the in formation was saved to his email. "It's late we all need to get out of here. We'll meet back up after classes yeah? Everyone better confirm their spot before coming back too. We only have a week to grind a few more dungeons to get geared out." 

"As bossy as ever. Later dudes class starts early for me!" Randal said with a wave before his avatar went into it's sleeping state seated by the blacksmith.

"Guess he's right we're on later than normal because of the announcements." With a heavy sigh Miranda waved her hand her outfit quickly changing into her noncombative nightwear. "I'm off. Diana call me in the morning I'll pick you up!" Moving up to her wizards tower she logged off. 

Ace just shook his head before plopping down next to Randal. "She's such a show off. Night guys!" Ace wasn't one for a show he just did what he had to, his avatar went to sleep and he was gone. 

Diana smiled seeing all her friends happy about the trip that would be happening next week. Luckily she was ahead in her studies and could take the time off. How long could they really be kept on this little vacation? Looking towards Leon her face turned instantly red when she realized they were alone together. This really was a rare occasion, normally they were all together and Diana was the first to log off since she was so anal about getting a good amount of sleep.

"Exciting huh?" Leon asked with a bright smile.

"Very... I don't know how I'll handle it." Diana laughed poking at her legs a bit.

"You'll do fine, it'll be good for you to relax a bit you're always so tense." 

"I am not..."

"You're tense right now." 

Leon laughed walking over to her, his hand instantly going to her head for a pat. "You know, the most exciting part of all this is meeting you."

Diana's face instantly lit up, she blinked a few times as she looked up at him. "Really?"

"Yeah don't you think so?" His voice was soft, almost hurt that she wouldn't believe him.

"It's the same for me. Meeting you is what I'm really looking forward to." 

"Then let's make sure to make it a memorable trip." 

Nodding was the only thing Diana could do, she knew her face was redder then the drapes of their guild house. With him so close there was no way she could help herself, or hide that fact. After a moment of the two looking at each other they both laughed, Leon gave her head another solid pat before pointing to his room.

"I'll be going now. See you tomorrow?"

"Bright and early." Diana said with a wave, it was the first time she hadn't just nodded and tapped her fingers together. 

With another smile Leon nodded and made his way to log off. Diana on the other hand just watched him until the little bubble popped up that he had logged off. With a bright grin she darted her way into her own tower before logging off. Tonight was going to be a hard night to sleep.



Diana sat staring at her screen for a moment; she had never talked to Leon like that before. Sure she admired him from afar and Miranda knew how she felt about him, but this was the first time she had talked to him one on one that way. She looked around the room she had known for many years, the anime and game posters were all normal for her. Pulling her headset off she turned her computer off and plopped herself on her bed. Next week would open up a whole new world. With a smile on her face she went through a mental checklist of things she'd need to take care of before the trip, and with that she made the call to confirm her seat on the airplane to the game masters Private Island.

"Do you have everything you need?" Miranda asked pushing her sunglasses further up her nose. She shook her head and pointed at Diana's shirt. "Really? You're going to wear your UIC sweater?" 

Diana on the other hand was busy shoving a suitcase in the back of her slender friends car. "I hope so, not much more can fit in there." She took a deep breath after slamming the trunk shut as she looked down at her sweater. "Why not? It's comfortable and I'm happy to be going there!"

"We're leaving Chicago behind, why would you bring it?" Rolling her eyes Miranda threw her hands up in defeat. "Well off we go then, to paradise!" 

Diana chuckled as the two got into the car; they had gone shopping the day before their trip so they'd have the essentials. For Diana it was just newer clothes than what she already had. Her weight had always been an issue, even though she was not severely over weight, she still wanted clothing that would be modest enough for her. Miranda on the other hand bought anything and everything that showed off her figure. Diana was a bit embarrassed shopping with her, but stuck it out till the end. 

"Nervous?" Miranda asked as her father drove them to the airport.

"A bit, aren't you? This is the first time we're going to meet the others. Not to mention everyone else from the game." Diana replied tapping the window slightly with her nail. 

"I just hope that they're all as cute as I think they are."

"Is that really important?"

"Don't you think it's crazy, that we've been in a guild together for almost three years but haven't seen their faces?" 

Diana shrugged, she hadn't thought of it that way. For her the game was for the game until she met Leon. Leon was really the only one she was interested in meeting but also terrified. 

"Leon is the one you're interested in right?!" Miranda teased breaking Diana out of her trance.

"What!? That's not what I was thinking at all! Besides, it doesn't matter." 

"What do you mean it doesn't matter?"

"Look at me..."

Miranda rolled her eyes, waved her hands in the air, and sighed. "I'll never understand you. You're fine the way you are. So what you're a little chunky? What if he's into that?"

"No ones into that." Diana replied softly before turning her head out of the window and that was the end of that conversation.

Miranda just sighed crossing her arms and staring out the other side of the window. She knew the two would hit it off Diana was just as innocent in real life as she was in game. The girl just needed some self esteem.

----

The flight was long and dull, luckily the two shared a portable DVD player and Ipods or they'd have gone mad. While they had already begun meeting people from the game who lived around their area it was still a flight they dreaded coming back on. They were taken on a private plane that stopped in various places to pick up other players. From the texts the two girls received in between each stop the boys plane had picked them all up so they were comfortably seated and getting to know each other. 

"No fair." Miranda pouted as they stepped out onto the Islands airfield. "They get to meet before we do."

"We're going to meet them soon." She pointed to the flags that could be seen and their guild emblem was among them. "I bet that's where we're going."

"He really did spare no expense."

"Seems that way. Hey look our guild names on that sign." Diana really didn't miss anything; it was why most dungeons were easy with her. 

"Miss Blackwidow, and Miss Serenity?" The man holding their sign asked in a soft voice.

When the two nodded he smiled and pointed to a small boat and handing them both a badge with their class and guild emblems on it. "We'll be heading to the announcement plaza, your other guild mates have already been brought to your canopy."

Looking at each other Miranda grinned and clapped before taking a step into the boat. "Come on! Aren't you excited to see him?"

"Shut up." Diana yelped as she was helped into the boat.

Laughing the boat driver started off once the two were seated. The girls were in awe of the scenery the water was perfectly clear and all the life under it could be seen. The driver pointed things out to them as they past. All of the life was "artificial" to match the creatures you'd see in the beginning area of the game. After about fifteen minutes the boat stopped and the two were helped out. The two didn't even need to be lead to their canopy, everything was an exact replica and the two darted from the boat to where they needed to go. After turning the corner Miranda darted over to the guys knowing instantly who was who because of badges they had on. 

"Randal!" Miranda squealed jumping at him her arms instantly wrapping around his neck. "It's really you guys!" Looking towards Ace she gave him a quick slap on the shoulder.

"Why does he get a hug?" The smaller of the two boys asked raising his fist in the air.

"She's always liked me better." Randal grinned; he was a tall buff man with a gotee setting in. 

"Where's Diana?" Leon's voice rang out from his seat. His chin was in his hand and he looked bored for a moment before he stood up to stand with the rest of them. 

Miranda's mouth dropped open; the boy was gorgeous model like, which took her by surprise. "Well well..Hello to you too leader-san." She joked before turning around. "She's right over.... Diana! Where the hell did you go!?" 

Peeking around the corner she shook her head at Miranda her fingers tapping on the stones of the entrance of the assembly plaza.

"You get over here right this minute! They're waiting." Miranda called out mother like her finger pointed at the girl.

"I don't wanna."

"I don't care what you want!"

The guys started laughing at the two. They were like this in game whenever Miranda wanted to go out and PvP Diana would always protest and the poor girl would be dragged out onto the battle field anyways.

"I'll go get her." Leon said making his way slowly to her.

"I'm sure you will." Ace called after him with a grin. 

Leon looked at the other three with a glare making them all laugh in unison. Miranda turned her attention to the other two and started up their own conversation so the two could talk.

Leon stopped at the wall leaning against it not looking around the corner where Diana was. "Hey." He mumbled softly

"Hey." She answered back.

"Is it ok to look?"

"No..."

"Why not?"

"Because you won't like what you see." 

Blinking a few times Leon tilted his head before pushing himself off the wall. "What makes you think that?"

"I'm not like Miranda."

"I didn't come here for Miranda!" His voice raised slightly in anger. "I came for you."

Diana wiped her eyes, she didn't know why she was crying but she was. Taking a deep breath she stepped out towards him. Fingers tapping against each other and eyes cast downwards she waited for him to notice.

Looking in her direction after a moment Leon smiled. Raising a hand he placed it on her head, "Was that so hard?"

"For me it was." 

Laughing Leon moved his hand to her chin lifting her face. "That's better. You really are..." His sentence was cut off by the music announcing the start of the welcome ceremony. Sighing Leon grabbed Diana's hand and made their way back to the canopy. 

"There they are." Ace said pointing to the two.

"Diana!" Randal called out moving over to her, he would have hugged her if it wasn't for the fact that Leon wouldn't let go of her hand.

Sensing that he wasn't welcome Randal just laughed and sat back down waving in Diana's direction. Normally Diana and Miranda would sit up top but the guys had moved their seats down with theirs so they could all sit together, though they sat in between the guys Diana on Leon's left side his hand still in hers.

"Told you!" Miranda whispered into Diana's ear making her go red.

"Sh..Shut up!" Diana mumbled her grip on his hand getting tighter out of embarrassment.

"We'll talk later, alone." Leon whispered to her with a smile.

Nodding Diana looked over at Miranda who was poking at Ace and Randal. Looking up at him she blushed and tapped her thighs. "Alright."

After the music stopped the game master appeared on the big screen in the center of the stage. "Welcome one, welcome all! I hope your flight was enjoyable. Today is a day of rest and a day to explore the island to your hearts content. Each guild house has been replicated and after my short announcement you'll all be taken there."

There was a loud applause as everyone realized they'd be spending a week in their guild house. It really was a dream come true for anyone involved in the game. The fact that everyone was here, in an environment that they knew so well in game, was a shocker in itself. 

"As I said before I have spared no expense, everything you know of the game is here on this island." With a bright grin a layout of the island appeared on the screen. "Like the game you can either walk your way around, or you can travel by your favorite coaches and mounts." 

"Mounts?" Randal questioned looking over towards the others. "How'd he get the mounts made?" 

"He said he didn't care about expenses..maybe robots?" Ace stated arms crossed

"That's the only way it could work, mechanics there's no creature close enough to try to pretend to be the mounts in the game." Leon explained lazily

Music began playing again as the creator appeared on screen again. "Enjoy your first day and night here. Tomorrow a special announcement will be made, each of you has a trunk in your guild house that only you can open, but it can only be opened after the announcement. I bid you farewell for now." 

The plaza was abuzz with noise once the announcement was over. Laughter, talking, music, and movement could be heard throughout the island. It was an amazing thing to see and hear but something didn't feel right.

"Let's go to the guild house." Miranda exclaimed jumping out of her seat. "If it's exactly like our guild house I want to lounge by the pool for a bit."

"Well let's get going. We should make sure our things are there too." Leon said standing up his hand still wrapped in Diana's.

"That's settled then. Let's head on out shouldn't take to long to walk to our guild house. He said everything was the same right? Want to take the walk together?" Randal said stretching some.

"Our first walk, let's do it!" Ace jumped up and ran to the opening of the plaza waving everyone on. 

Diana got up and began to walk out with the others but Leon pulled her back. "Actually let's head out the other way."

Panicking she looked over to Miranda for help but she was already on Randals shoulders making her way out. Turning when she noticed the other two weren't there she grinned and waved them off. "Don't stay out to late! We need to have a guild dinner!" 

"I'll bring her back safe." Leon called out waving slightly before he began walking in the opposite direction.

Diana followed slowly behind, her hand gripping his tightly as they walked through the crowd. It wasn't surprising that the two would get stares. They had a fighter and healer badge on along with their guild crest. Two of the top players in the top guild walking alone, they're lucky this wasn't the game they'd have been attacked by now.

"Where are we going?" Diana asked quietly her eyes darting around at the scenery. 

"A special place." Was all he said with a bright smile.

Diana blushed and nodded looking about everyone exploring the beginning area. She hadn't been anywhere in the beginning town in a very long time. At their level the only reason to be here was for the announcement plaza, but there was a direct teleport here so there was no reason to venture out. 

"I found this place when I started the game. Ventured here by accident with my first group." Leon explained when the came to an entrance to a cave.

"Is it safe?" Diana asked looking up at him.

"It was back then, I don't think he'd put anything dangerous in the starting area."

Pulling on her hand he pulled her into the cave and after a few moments of walking water could be heard. Once they passed through a blanket of flowers and leaves there was a cavern with an indoor pool filled by the above waterfall. Fireflies flew about giving the area a very dim natural light. It was a beautiful place untouched by anyone; it was one of the games secrets.

"I don't think anyone really knew about this place, and if they did why would it matter in an MMO? No one really plays an MMO for the scenery." 

Diana was speechless, the place was beyond beautiful her eyes darted everywhere taking in everything so she could remember the place and how to get here.

"I've never brought anyone here. I kind of just sit here and wait for you all if I'm on alone." 

"You wait for us?" Diana finally asked looking up at him. He really was good looking, and she couldn't believe that he was here – holding his hand no less.

"You guys are my friends why wouldn't I wait for you?" He asked with a laugh before letting go of her hand finally.

Diana shrugged, her fingers moving slightly when he released her hand. She smiled when she heard him say friends. She knew better than to think anything else would happen. "We should get back." She spoke softly pointing behind her to the entrance taking a few steps in that direction.

Looking to her Leon nodded making his way over to her. He frowned taking hold of her hands his thumbs rubbing her palms softly. "We can head back if you'd like"

Raising a brow Diana looked up at him before looking down at herself. She sighed at the sight she was bigger then him weight wise and about a foot shorter. "What do you want to do?" 

"Stay here like this." Releasing one of her hands he placed it atop her head. "You don't realize how amazing you are. I can tell how tense you are and I don't like that you're that way with me."

"It's obvious why I'm like this." 

"Not to me, why don't you tell me?"

Looking up at him she shook her head a bit. "You already know. Stop teasing me."

Laughing he nodded placing both of his hands on her shoulders. "Is it so wrong to want to hear it?"

Before Diana even had the chance to answer he bent down leveling his face with hers. His blue eyes locking on her hazel eyes for a moment. Startled she would have taken a step back but his grip kept her where she was. 

"Leon I..." She couldn't get the words out he was distracting her more than normal. 

"You what?"

"It doesn't bother you?"

Tilting his head in confusion he shrugged, "What bothers me?" 

"My weight." She mumbled looking down again.

Laughing softly he wrapped his arms around her tightly. "No if it did I'd be a horrible person. I know you, the real you that's what attracted me."

Raising her arms she wrapped them around him pulling him closer. "I like you." She mumbled into his chest.

Smiling he looked down at her his hand running through her short hair. "I like you too. I like you a lot Diana." Pulling her face up he did what he had wanted to for the past three years, he placed a soft kiss on her lips, keeping it sweet since she was so fragile.

Not expecting this at all she was scared by his kiss. She looked at his face for a brief moment noticing the small tears at the corner of his eyes. He wasn't lying, he really did like her. She let all her fears go her lips pushing back against his deepening the kiss. Once he felt this he pulled her close almost lifting her off the ground in excitement. 
