 "Leon?" Diana asked looking at the two in front of them. The fighter and mage of Black Horizon these were the people that she wasn't looking forward to meeting.

Sigal stood there for a moment before tossing his hands up in the air as if defeated. "I can understand that you don't really want to talk to us."

"Do you understand? I don't think you do, we're busy can you just go?" Leon stated not showing any sign of fear or weakness.

"Oh very leader like. I'd expect nothing less from you Reinheart. Hey how abouts a little game?" 

"Game?"

"Yes your guild v.s ours."

"I didn't come here for that."

"Well neither did we but I didn't expect to find you all so soon."

The two stared at each other for a moment before the carriage arrived. It was an exact replica beautifully crafted with what looked like pure white marble, and the horses were as white with golden folded wings. 

"Get in Diana." Leon pushed her forward as the door opened.

"Well, I'll tell you anyways." Sigal began while the two stepped in the carriage. "In the tournament area there are ways our guilds can battle it out. If you're not scared meet us there before the announcement we'll give everyone a show."

Leon didn't even bother answer; he just looked at the wicked smile Sigal was giving him as the carriage took off. "Lunar's Eye guild house." 

****

"He said what!?" Miranda screamed outraged that they had been challenged less then twenty-four hours into their trip.

"He wants our guilds to go at it." Leon said shrugging it off.

"Please tell me we're going to?" Ace said moving over towards where Leon had been sitting.

"That's up to you guys. We already know Diana's answer is no." Leon said looking at the quiet girl who was still moving her food around her plate.

The others looked in her direction too; it was no secret that the young healer hated fighting. Looking up she smiled half heartedly before placing her fork down. "Let's do it." 

"Wait what?" Leon asked almost choking on the soda he had been drinking.

"I said let's do it. They're underestimating us. We're the second top guild and they don't even know about my new stats." Diana added tapping the table.

"She's right. We all know they like to paralyze and other status effects, it's why they win so much. Most healers can't keep up with removing the debuffs." Randal said taking a seat next to Diana. 

"With my new staff I'll be more than able to keep up now." 

"If you're ok with it then I'm fine with it." Leon said pushing himself up from the chair.

"Let's get ready to go then!" Ace clapped running to his suitcase to grab his headphones. 

"Don't tell me you play with headphones on?" Miranda asked crossing her arms.

"One ear in for music, the other listening to you guys." He grinned making his way out the door.

The others didn't even try to argue they just followed the overly excited ranger out to the tournament area. It wasn't a long walk from the guild house and like any guild who stalked another there was Black Horizon.

"You showed up!" Sigal exclaimed clapping his hand, next to him was the tall mage who instantly glared at Miranda. 

"You wanted us do. Thank Serenity." Leon said patting Diana's head. "She was the deciding factor to us being here."

"The sissy healer wants to fight, that's new." The mage said crossing her arms. 

Miranda's hands balled into a fist as she began to charge at the other girl. Randal, being use to this kind of thing, just wrapped an arm around her waist to keep her in place. "You prick! I'll fucking end you!" 

"Calm down!" Diana called out tapping her fingers together again before Miranda sighed and nodded in her direction.

"Well let's get started then." Sigal pointed to the rows of computers that were lined up. "He set these up and they're connected to the big screen." He pointed behind him now. "Everyone can see it'll be a great clash don't you think?" 

The others looked around seeing that Dark Horizon was already set up and ready to play. It looks like they had been planning this from the beginning. "Well I guess this is what we're here for. Everyone get ready." Leon called out reaching for Diana's hand and pulling her along.

Both guilds took their seats, each member sitting across from their respective class. It wasn't long before the stadium around the tournament area began to fill up with people getting ready to watch the duel. Once all members were logged in and gathered the computers froze and confusion was seen on all the players and audience. 

"I see we have our first duel!" The game master's voice rang out from the speakers his face appearing on the big screen in the middle of the coliseum. "I believe it is only fair that this be broadcast around the island! The top two guilds duking it out how exciting, you really waste no time do you?"

The ten of them just stared at the screen, not really knowing how to answer. This was a pissing contest and it was known to all. The game master just laughed though nodding his head and waving his arms at them while the seats began to fill up now after the very loud announcement. 

"I like your spark! For that I'll let you duke it out and I'll show the entire world your duel!" With an audible click of a few buttons he grinned waving into more cameras around him. The island was being shown on all major networks so watching what was going on was a big deal for this kind of event. "I've even been so inspired by your duel that after it's over I'll give my special announcement!"

The crowd cheered louder then they had when the saw the top two guilds begin to gear up for a pvp match. Leon just looked to his fellow guild members and smiled. "We can do this, don't let it bother you we always have an audience when we do these things."

"It's rare when we do." Ace said popping one of his earphones in before putting his headset on.

"Guess we'll finally settle things." Miranda said punching Ace's arm because of the headphones. The two began bantering and poking at each other until he gave in and pulled the ear bud out. 

"We'll be fine, just protect Diana. Once they figure out she can remove their debuffs with just healing she'll be their first target." Leon commanded as their avatars began to appear in the stadium in game.

"I'll be fine; I'll stay near Ace and Miranda." Diana squeaked out with a smile to show she was alright. 

Nodding Leon looked towards the other guild; this wasn't the first time they would duel like this. This time was different though; Diana had a staff that would keep them able to move unless they hit her first. 

Loud clapping could be heard from the game master and the people around them. Everyone looked on as the count down seemed to take forever. 3..2..1 BEGIN. Of course Black Horizon attacked first their ranger sending out an arrow that would paralyze on hit. 

Randal was to quick though, raising his shield the arrow bounced off effortlessly. "They're trying to take me out." 

Miranda was already tossing her own spells out fireballs and lightning strikes were tossed at amazing speeds. "Just don't let anything from Sigal or that annoying archer hit you and you'll be fine." 

Ace was shooting his own arrows at the fighter and archer from Black Horizon as he laughed. "They won't hit our speed is better than theirs. Look they seemed confused." 

Leon was behind Randal charging up his sprint, sword drawn over his shoulder before he pointed at the tank. "Go after the tank without him the others fall quickly. From what I can remember his elemental stats weren't so great."

Nodding Miranda focused her attention on Leon's sword. "Let me know what you need." 

Diana waved her staff slowly healing Randal for the entire amount of damage he took from the arrows. "Ice, it'll slow him down if he's not immune to it!" 

Miranda nodded sending out a blast of ice towards Leon's sword, as she did so a fireball hit her in the side and she was sent flying backwards with her avatar's scream being heard. The real Miranda pounded her fist on the side of her desk her eyes moving above the keyboard to glare at the Dark Horizon wizard. 

"Don't mind! You're not dead get back to it!" Ace said shooting another volley in the direction of the tank and fighter.

Diana's avatar moved quickly a healing spell leaving the staff to heal most of the damage Miranda had taken. Standing still she chanted again before a heal over time was cast on the mage. "You'll be fine now don't let it get to you." 

Leon was already charging his sword leaving a trail of frost behind him as he ran. Randal was sprinting next to him zig zagging here and there to block what he could without losing all of his HP. The back up the two received was well timed lightning bolts raining from the sky along with entanglement arrows that seemed to have the Dark Horizons archer struggling to escape. 

"Get up you moron!" The mage's annoyed voice could be heard from the other side.

"It's an entanglement, Sierra it doesn't work that way!" The archer called back as he pounded on the keys to get his avatar free faster.

Seeing the two panic Randal and Leon made their move, Leon was faster than Randal of course so he charged forward first. His speed stat was incredible, his avatar moved from his spot behind the tank to in front of the enemy tank in the blink of an eye. With a wide grin Leon's sword came down quickly aiming for the tanks shield arm to break the defense. After a moment there was a loud clang and Sigal was standing there blocking Leon's attack.

"You didn't think I'd let you do what you wanted did you?" He asked with a wide grin.

"No I expected as much, but I know your stats better than my own." With a grin the ice from Leon's sword began to transfer over into Sigals.

"You don't like the elements; none of you but that little mage of yours has protection against them. We're taking a page out of your book." 

Once the ice was completely gone from Leon's sword it began to travel down Sigals. It was like Leon said, they were not equipped to deal with their own warfare. Sigals eyes widened in surprise as the ice moved down the hilt to his hands the slowing effect beginning to make itself known.

"Ace now!" Randal called out before he rammed his shield into the other tanks to keep him away from Leon.

Diana was still towards the back of the line, tossing out heals when she saw someone take the slightest bit of damage. When she heard Leon's call to Ace she worked faster then he did. Placing her staff outward she chanted softly before waving her wand in his direction. "You've got extra strength for thirty seconds! Shoot! Shoot now!"

Ace nodded pulling his bowstring back quickly, like in any other MMO his arrows appeared the moment he did so. Closing one eye he focused on Sigal allowing his crosshairs to highlight the avatar before moving letting the crosshairs highlight on the tank who was still having a shoving match with Randal. "Shooting!" He called out before a volley of arrows was let loose on the two highlighted avatars. 

The extra buff proved useful as Sigals hp dropped to zero because of Leon's earlier attack. Sigals yells could be heard from behind his screen as he yelled at their healer for not having enough power in his heals. "Did you see that twits heals!" He called out slamming his mouse down and pushing himself away from the desk. "One of her heals are like two of yours what the hell!" 

"I was protecting the tank like you told me to!" The healer called out his eyes leaving the screen for a moment only for his ears to be met with his avatars death scream. "What the fuck!" 

Miranda grinned her avatar juggling a few fireballs that she was chucking towards the other group as they fought amongst themselves. "Didn't know we'd get a show within a show." She called out sarcastically before tossing more fireballs at the three remaining members of Dark Horizon. 

"No healer means easy win. Go in I'll cover you." Randal called out holding his shield up for Leon blocking arrows the archer, who had finally gotten free of Ace's entanglement, was not shooting at them. 

Randal was not paying attention to what was going on as he was blocking fireballs and arrows from hitting Leon who was the closest to the remaining three of Dark Horizon. After a few blocks one of the arrows slipped through hitting Randal in his legs. 

"Got him!" The archer called out once the paralyze symbol began to show over Randal's head. 

"Leon keep going on take that little shit head out!" Ace called moving towards Randal's side shooting as he ran.

Diana ran up looking over her friends with a sigh. She could tell their avatars were beat up from the fight, and even their real faces were twisted and unhappy looking as they tried to win. Slamming her staff on the ground she called forth a healing circle for the four of them. Looking towards her they all smiled, there was little Diana making sure they were ok, and making sure Randal wasn't down for long. Once she saw everyone's HP bars were back to full, all but Leon's who was busy dodging arrows in an attempt to take out the archer before he could drink a potion.

Taking a step forward Miranda shot webs from her finger tips behind where the archer was running hoping he would slip. "He's a quick little fucker isn't he?" She asked slamming her hand on the desk again when he hopped over it. 

"We're all quick." Ace grinned charging up another entangle shot to help Leon out.

Diana ran forward once she noticed Randal get his gear back up once the paralysis wore off from the heal. "Leon be careful!" She called out targeting him with a smaller heal since he was so far away. 

"What the hell the tank is already up?" Sigal said standing behind the archer's computer.

"She's got that damn staff!" Sierra called out tossing a fireball at Diana who was wide open. "Kill that fucking sissy!" 

Once the heal was off Diana looked towards the direction of the fireball as it hit her. With her avatars scream she fell backwards her HP bar falling dangerously low. 

"Shit Diana!" Randal called out throwing himself over her body to block the next barrage of fireballs heading her way. "Heal yourself quick." 

"Did you get her?" The archer called out towards Sierra who stopped attacking to look towards Randal.

"I can't see! He's in the way." Sierra said trying to catch a glimpse of Diana.

"You should pay more attention to the rest of us." Leon said as he brought his sword down in rapid strikes until the archers HP bar fell to zero.

Standing up Randal held Diana steady as she healed herself. The group looked at the mage before each got into their own fighting positions. "Do you want to keep going?" 

Looking up towards Sigal she shook her head and held her hands up in defeat. After a moment a congratulations sign appeared with the Lunar's Eye banner under it. The crowd went wild, cheering, screaming, and applause could be heard as they sat staring at the screen. 

"Well done! Well done!" The game master could be heard now, only he was there in person. Standing atop a large podium his gloved hands clapping loudly. "I knew this would be an amazing idea! Don't you see how excited everyone is.?" He asked waving his hands moving to show the screens where the battle had been broadcast on live television. 

"Now I'd love to have both of the guilds up here with me come, come!" He waved them on laughing to himself at their confused faces. Once they had all walked up the stairs to where he was he tapped the ground with his foot, once he did so small chest began to pop up in front of everyone. Once everyone on the island had a chest in front of them he smiled brightly. 

"Now for my announcement! In honor of these players here." He waved to the ten people around him, his hand stopping in front of Diana for a moment as he poked her forehead leaving a small mark. "This island is more than it seems. This island is real, and I know what you're thinking! Of course it's real you created it." 

He waved his fingers with a tsk tsk sound leaving his lips. "No, no. I did not create this island, I was born here. Born here you say? How could he have been born here? Well I'll tell you; this island was a prospering country where magic thrived, until one day everything changed." He stopped tilting his head with a slight grin before pointing to the chest which now popped open. Once they were open the players began pulling out a small orb that was placed inside. It looked like the orb they had received with the information to get on the plane here. After a few moments and confused looks a soft glow could be seen, the orbs popped open and a blue mist began to form around each individual person.

"So here is my gift to you! My thanks for playing my game, my thanks for coming to this island to repopulate and gather its magic force again. From here on out you are not players in a game, you are inhabitants of the Lost Kingdoms. This game is real, very real all of the stats you have in game will have been transferred over to you. The mist was forming during your trials and tribulations in game and now you are your avatars."

"What the hell is that suppose to mean!?" The Archer from Dark Horizon asked stepping forward.

"This can't be real! You're telling me if I just say one of the spells it'll happen? Bullshit." Sierra called out waving her hand slightly murmuring the fireball spell her fingers pointing at the game master. When nothing happened after a second she laughed. "See I told you this was bull-"She screamed loudly as she was blasted backwards from the force of the fireball that came from her palm, the guild master of course was unfazed. 

"This is very real so take care or it might be a very hard trip for you." Clapping his hands he jumped off the platform one of the horses that drove the carriages came forward catching him before he fell. "One more thing! There is no leaving the island the force field that has kept this place hidden will kill anyone who possesses magic if they try to pass through." With another large grin and loud laugh the game master took off towards the tower that was suppose to be the end game in the final expansion.

There was a strange silence all around the island after the game master made his announcement. Even the two guilds who were so lively just moments before had nothing to say. Little Diana had her hand on her forehead where the game master had touched her. The spot was burning and she didn't understand why. Looking to the others she saw Miranda and Ace's hands locked together, their fingers intertwined as he tried to keep her calm. Randal was looking at her, his expression hard to read until he sighed and looked away. Finally she looked towards Leon who always seemed to have an answer. Once he noticed her looking at him he moved to her taking her hand and shaking his head. There was no answer for this one; there was no way of getting out of this, not alive anyways. Small movements could be heard as people began to stand from their seats. Dark Horizon had helped Sierra up and checked her over for injuries seeing none they looked over towards Lunar's Eye. Diana knew something was terribly wrong when even Sigal looked at Leon and just shook his head completely beaten at this point in time. It was as if time stood still for that brief moment until everyone was brought back into reality with the loud scream of a woman in the stands. 

Chapter 3 end.