 The screaming woman brought everyone back into reality. Soon the stands were filled with two types of people, panicked people and people who seemed to trying to get a grasp of what was going on. Running, screaming and all around chaos could be seen and heard throughout the island. While many didn't believe what was going on, how could one prove the game master was lying? If he was telling the truth and someone tried to leave the island they would be dead, if no one tried to leave they were still trapped here.

Leon looked about the chaos and shook his head finally bringing himself back to reality. "Get to the guild house. We'll be safe there." 

Miranda stood next to Diana staring at Sierra intently. The girl had cast a fireball at the game master, one of the spells Miranda knew well. One look into her eyes and you could see her fear. Ace smiled walking up to her slowly taking her hand in his. "Come on babe, let's go." 

She looked at him and nodded her hand gripping his tightly. It was a strange moment between them, while they always picked and prodded at one another it was always known how they felt. It was like this was the defining moment in their relationship, and that simple grasp of her hand showed that Ace wasn't going to let her go. 

Randal looked on towards Diana, he placed a hand on her head and pushed her forward. "Go on, catch up to Leon." 

Diana looked up at him with tears in her eyes. She really was terrified and Leon had started walking ahead of them to lead the way back to the guild house. Seeing her that way he sighed taking her hand like Ace had done to Miranda. "Come on I'll lead you to him." 

Walking along Diana stayed close to Randal. He couldn't help but chuckle at how much smaller she was compared to him. He stood at six foot two and poor little Diana was at least a foot shorter than him. It was strange that Leon was walking ahead without even looking for Diana, this seemed to piss Randal off more then he thought it would.

There were people standing around almost everywhere at the starting area either trying to get ahold of their new found powers, or people staring off at the barrier that now held them hostage. It was a mess and the walk to the guild house was filled with either screams or laughter. 

Finally getting ahold of herself Diana looked up towards Randal with a smile. Her hand gripped his tighter before she spoke out quietly. "Thank you. I don't think I would have been able to move from there." 

Literally looking down at her he smiled, his cheeks getting slightly flushed as he spoke. "Don't worry about it that's what friends are for." 

The two walked together keeping up with Leon and the others. No one said a word they just marched on until the guild house could be seen. Once he realized they were almost there Leon turned his head back to see the others. Noticing how close Randal and Diana were he frowned. "Diana are you alright?" 

Nodding she waved in his direction, her hand not leaving Randal's until Randal patted her head and let go.

"I didn't want her to get lost, you know how she is." He said pushing Diana in Leon's direction.

He smiled and nodded taking her hand in his again. "Yeah sorry... I wasn't thinking I shouldn't have left you alone."

Pointing to Randal, Diana tilted her head confused. "I wasn't alone. I knew you'd be worried and want to get us here as soon as you could. Randal made sure I was ok." 

The two men stood there smiles on their faces for Diana but their eyes told another story. Now was not a time for petty jealousy games though, now was the time to figure out exactly what was going to happen. "Diana get inside with Miranda make sure she's alright."

Diana nodded running over to where Ace and Miranda were. She still looked shocked as she smiled at the young healer. Leon and Randal couldn't hear what was being said but when Diana finally took Miranda inside they called Ace over.

"You left her." Randal stated softly.

"I didn't leave her." Leon retorted his fist clenching tightly.

"You did, you walked away from her and left her standing like a deer looking into headlights!" 

"I wanted to get everyone here as fast as I could!" 

"So you fucking left her?!" 

"Woah, woah calm down what's going on?" Ace called out stepping in between the two. 

Tension was rising between them and they both looked as though a fight could break out at the drop of a dime.

"Doesn't matter." Randal said placing his hands in his pockets and turning his back on Leon.

"Get this placed locked up. We don't know who will come try to take us out." Leon suggested as he made his way towards the guild house. "I'll make sure the wizard tower is set to attack anyone who gets to close. Miranda isn't in a state to mess with it right now." 

Ace just looked from one to the other, only he knew how Randal really felt about Diana and with everything that was going on right now tension would surely build up. "I'll take care of it; you go ahead and check on the girls." He patted Randal on the back and smiled darting to set up the traps that protected the guild. 

****

Miranda and Diana sat together at the dining room table. Both clutching a cup of hot coco to try and calm down. When Leon walked in Diana smiled brightly at him and waved. "She's doing better. Finally talked about what we're gonna do." 

"What do you guys want to do?" Leon asked sitting down across from them.

Randal came in next moving over to where the others were he took a seat next to Miranda and sighed. "This is some bullshit.." 

"Who are you telling?" Miranda laughed tossing a small fireball into the air and catching it. "It's all true.. I can do this and I shouldn't be able to do this." 

The three looked at her with a mix of emotions; there was sadness and happiness in their eyes. This was every gamer's dream, to be able to be your character. It was also every gamer's nightmare, to be dragged into a world that would cost you your life.

Ace walked in now shaking his head as he moved over to Miranda. "Seems we're already being targeted." He turned to the side to show the slash at his side.

"What happened?" Leon asked pulling Ace's shirt up a bit to show the wound.

"I was setting up the traps and an archer got me. I don't know from what guild, but it looked like they were testing their bows out." Ace remaining calm as he smiled towards Miranda, whose eyes were now tearful as she looked at him.

"Let me try now." Diana said getting up from her seat, walking over to the other side of the table she knelt down next to Ace. Holding her hands over his wound she pressed her palms so it. Closing her eyes Diana chanted softly it was a simple healing spell but she wanted to know if her powers would work like the others.

"It's warm." Ace said looking down at his side where her hands were.

Once Diana was finished she pulled her hands away and looked at the wound. There was nothing there, not even a scar Ace's skin was back to normal.

"Holy shit." Randal whispered as he saw what had happened. "It's not a dream." 

"No not a dream, that means we're going to have to be extremely careful." Leon said moving over to Diana to help her up.

"Hey your forehead!" Miranda called out pointing to Diana.

"What? What about it." Diana's hands quickly went to her forehead moving her fingers over it to see what was going on.

"There's a mark there." Leon said softly as he poked at it with his index finger.

"Isn't that were the game master touched her?" Randal asked getting up and moving over to where his shields were.

"What does it mean?" She asked her eyes darting upwards to try and see. 

Before anything else could be said they all started laughing. Despite everything that was happening Diana trying to see her forehead without a mirror brought them all smiles. Puffing out her cheeks she couldn't help but laugh too shaking her head she placed a hand on her forehead.

"I don't know what it means, but let's keep an eye on it." Leon said poking at her hand.

"I'll go set up the wizard tower.. We might be in for one hell of a night." Miranda said shaking her head as she headed up her tower.

"I'll keep an eye on her." Ace waved the others off as he followed her. 

The three couldn't help but smile, Diana waved back at him before looking over towards Randal. She tilted her head as she watched him; he was poking at all the shields near the blacksmith where he usually set his avatar to sleep.

Leon made no notice of Randal as he patted Diana on the head. "You must be tired.. I know I am." He laughed looking over to his own tower. "You want to crash with me tonight?"

Blushing Diana waved her hands in front of herself in a panic. "No! Not at all!" She called out in a slight stutter.

Leon laughed but the hurt could be seen in his eyes. "I was just asking. I know how scared you must be." 

Nodding her cheeks stayed flushed as she shook her head. "I know that I'll be safe with you all.. I'd actually like to see my own tower." 

"Alright, but get some rest and if you're not comfortable come to my tower ok?" Leon asked softly placing a hand under her chin. He didn't wait for her answer he just lifted her head slightly leaned down and pressed his lips softly against hers. 

After their brief kiss Diana nodded rapidly her cheeks redder then before as she watched him climb the stairs to his tower. Coming to her senses she turned towards Randal who averted his gaze when she looked into his eyes. 

"Are you alright?" She asked moving over to him, her fingertips running along one of the shields.

"Fine." He mumbled still not looking at her.

"You don't seem fine."

"I am."

"Liar.." Diana mumbled as she looked up at him with a soft smile. 

Randal couldn't help but smile and look at her. He patted her head and plopped himself down where he normally slept in game. "I'm fine really don't worry about it." 

Rocking back and forth she pointed to her tower. "Why didn't you ever get a tower?" 

Shrugging he spoke softly. "Thought it was a waste of gold, guess I regret that now." 

"I have two rooms in my tower, there's a couch up there want to stay there?" 

Shaking his head Randal closed his eyes. "Naw, I'll stay here, go get some rest." 

Nodding Diana made her way to her tower her footsteps slower than normal. "Good night Randal." 

"Diana.." Randal called out sitting up slightly. His eyes locked on hers a moment before he sighed and shook his head." Never mind, good night." 

Tilting her head a moment Diana nodded slightly and waved her hand. "If you change your mind just knock." With those final words she ran up the stairs to her tower looking at the all to familure design of it all. Looking out the window she could hear the chaos that was still going around. There was laughter and screaming and she could only hope that no one would be hurt.

****

Diana woke with a start at the sound of banging on her door. It was Miranda who was calling out to her. "Get up! Get up now!" 

Pushing herself from the bed Diana threw a robe over her pajamas and opened the door. Miranda was standing there wide eyed as she grabbed her friend's hand. "Come look, it's bad." 

Pulling Diana along the two made their way downstairs. The boys were sitting around the guild table coffee in hand as the little orb they used as a "Tv" displayed what was going on around the island. 

Looking up Randal smiled at Diana who scooted a cup of hot coco over to her. "I was the first one up. I remember you said you didn't really like coffee." 

Diana smiled gladly taking the cup and sitting down next to Miranda before turning her attention to the orb. It was like looked like your normal every day news there was a few of the familurenpcs going on about what the weather would be like, and what new items would be going on sale. The only thing different from its normal broadcast was the announcement of how many people had died throughout the night. The game master appeared on screen explaining one of the lower level guilds did not heed is warning about the edge of the island and the almost the entire guild was wiped out instantly.

"Now I don't want you all to see me as some sort of monster." The guild master exclaimed as he stood near the rows of covered up bodies around the beach area they had tried to leave from. "Each person will be returned to their families and their funerals will be paid in full by me of course." 

"That's oddly kind of him." Ace mumbled out shaking his head.

"Kind or sick?" Miranda asked slamming her fist onto the table. "What does he want us to love him now? Oh I'll hold you prisoner but I'll make sure your funeral is covered? What a load of crap!" 

They all stayed quiet, no one really knew what to say. Diana gripped her cup tightly seeing that this had become more then a game was really sinking in. Leon looked towards her with a smile, getting up he patted her head and lifted her chin. "Don't worry we'll stay safe. There are a few things I want to talk to everyone about." 

Everyone's attention was suddenly on Leon. When he said he wanted to talk to all of them he had really been thinking of things. He was the leader for a reason. Sighing Randal turned the crystal off and leaned back. "So what are you thinking?" 

Pulling Diana up Leon sat down in her seat and pulled her onto his lap wrapping his arms around her tightly. Her face was a bright red as she tried to escape he pulled her closer letting his chin rest on her shoulder. "I think we'll need to start accepting new members." 

At his words Diana became still, it has been three years and never had he mentioned new members. "What do you mean?" 

"I mean what I said; I think new members would be a good idea. Look at this place, it's already begun people are scared and the lower level guilds will need help." Leon explained sitting back some and giving Diana room to move.

"Not only that but we'll be a huge target. We're strong but if we get over run we'll be heading home in those bags." Randal stated matter of factly. 

"It wouldn't be a bad idea, let's see how things go." Ace said patting Miranda on the back which led to the two poking at each other like normal.

"It's settled then. I want to go to the guild that those people were from. If there is anyone left there I'd like to take them in." Leon stated looking them all over. "If you agree of course." 

Diana nodded getting up and moving back to her tower. "Let's get to it then. I think I saw robes up there so I think he's even provided us with our class clothing." 

Miranda stood up and walked over to Diana pushing her up the stairs. "We're going to get ready you guys do the same, and look into expanding the guild hall we're going to need it if we're doing this." With a grin the two girls disappeared into the bath house to get ready leaving the boys to finish talking things out.

The three remaining members of Lunar's eye sat around for a moment before Ace finally spoke up. "We'll have to think of a way to get things running." 

"The five of us will be in charge that's how I want it run." Leon said crossing his arms with a soft sigh.

"Everything gets discussed between us then? Maybe a way to have a vote on things the new members want to discuss?" Ace suggested to the two.

"Sounds good, that way we're not running things without taking all members into account." Randal said standing from his seat and going to his blacksmith. "I'll go shop around, try to get a new barracks to add on. If it's like the game we'll be able to have repairs done in a few days." 

Nodding Leon stood up and made his way to his own tower. "Well with that settled lets all get dressed and ready to go out. I don't want any of us walking around alone. We don't know if people will attack us or not." 

"Alright let's get ready to go!" Ace called out moving to his chest, like Diana said there was gear in there fit just for him. "They look just like in game." 

****

After an hour of everyone getting ready they all gathered in front of the guild house all decked out in their gear. It was strange to see everyone like this, Randal who was already built fit into silver and black armor that looked like he would fall over wearing. The most notable thing about Randal's armor was the sword and shield on his back. While Randal spent most of his time blocking his shield was his pride and joy. Ace was dressed in simple cloth the same color of Randal's armor since they both always shared a color scheme. The bow wrapped around his arm was glowing lightly showing that it had been enchanted to it's full potential. Leon's armor wasn't as heavy as Randal's and only covered his upper body; the lower part of his body was covered in black leather pants and boots. Leon's classis double swords were criss crossed on his back the hilts of each glowing like Ace's bow. Each of them looked horrified at the way they looked and Miranda couldn't help but laugh when she saw them.

"What the hell?" She asked her arms wrapped around her stomach as she tried to stop the laughter. 

Diana on the other hand poked at her friend's side to make her stop laughing. "They look fine!" She called out smiling to the three. 

The girls got the better end of the clothing deal. Miranda was wearing black and red wizard robs that clung to her body perfectly, the side of her stomach could be seen and the slit in her robes came above her thigh to reveal gartered thigh high stockings and matching heeled ankle boots. Miranda's wand was strapped to her leg the black wand with red flames up and down the side could easily be seen.

"Look at you!" Ace grinned pointing up and down at Miranda, who in turned twirled and struck a pose.

Diana too was wearing robes except hers covered her completely. The robes were white and baby blue and hung off her shoulders slightly. The staff that had won them the fight was being clutched in her hand as she used it almost like a walking stick. Diana was small but she was well endowed and she kept pulling the robes up which made Miranda laugh.

"You look fine, nothing wrong with showing a little chest, right Leon?" Miranda called out with a huge grin making her way over to Ace.

Coughing Leon pointed to the gate "Well... Chests aside let's get going. Let's split up here. You three can go get the new expansions for the guild house. Diana and I will go talk to the survivors of the guild." 

Nodding Diana and Leon went to the coach station to get a ride to the lower level guild hall. The other three decided to take the walk to the market. With a few waves goodbye the first mission of Lunar's Eye began.

****

Randal walked ahead of his two friends his eyes darting around every direction. For some reason he didn't trust anyone that passed them by. For the most part no one seemed to want to bother them. They had a few people smile and point in their direction, mumbling about who they were, but other than that they walked to the safe zone of the marketplace unharmed.

Miranda crossed her arms as she looked around; it was just like the game crowded and lively. She smiled looking at the two before pointing to the vendor that sold extra rooms and houses. "Let's start there. Diana gave us some money so we should be able to get something good."

"She never buys anything does she?" Ace laughed shaking his head slightly.

"You know her does doesn't spend on little things, when she got the tower I was shocked." Miranda admitted opening the door to the shop.

Twins were instantly at the middle of the room bowing with bright smiles. "Welcome! Please feel free to ask any questions."

The NPC's even felt real though they really weren't NPC's now. They were actual living beings that held as much value as any player brought here. Randal smiled at them before looking at the extra sleeping quarters for the guild. "We'll need maybe one of these for now and a bigger dining area." He glided through the pages of the extra buildings thoughtfully.
