 A few hours have passed since I was brought to these quarters to begin my new life when I heard commotion. "That must be the other men." I said and stood up. The door opened and about 15 men walked in all covered in dirt and carrying their bags of tools. 

"You must be the new guy." Another human said. "Names Rex yours?"

"I'm Lance." I said. "Are you also human?" I asked

"Of course I am that little bitch Stacy sent me here along with the other humans."

"There are others?" I asked excitedly.

"Yeah about 50 plus you. The others in the room will introduce themselves when they feel like it. Been a long day." Rex said looking around the room at the hopeless faces that surrounded him. "I have a question for you."

"Of course ask away."

"Are you willing to fight your way out of here?" What an odd question.

"Yeah I just got here and I'm already sick of this place." I said trying to sound macho.

"Good because in a week's time we are going to take this place by force." He said looking straight into my eyes. "I have been here for 13 god damn years. I'm done answering to Hellena and her punk ass daughter, I'm tired of answering to the Matriarchy, and I'm tired of having a set time during the week where I'm allowed to touch my cock." I felt bad for him. It must be rough working here all that time.

"Maybe we could try and train the native men to fight." I implied.

"Tried that the women have some sort of mind-control over the men, of course it doesn't affect humans though we have just never had enough numbers." He said, "But now that you're here we number just enough to break down the guards stationed here. Tomorrow you're working with me and we will discuss more. But for now go get some grub and get some rest you'll need it." With that he walked over to his bed and I walked out of the room and followed the sign that said 'mess hall.'

When I arrived there was maybe 100 other men here eating, waiting in line, or sitting at the tables talking. I walked up and took my place behind an orange man in line. "How you doin' greenie?" The man said in a croaky voice.

"How do you expect?" I asked more aggressively then I intended.

"Good you got fire in ya. All I can hope for is the wretched women don't extinguish it." The man began to have a coughing fit and stopped talking after that.

I was now getting my food and noticed that they had foods I actually recognized. They had hamburgers, French fries, chicken, and even spaghetti. Now I'm not sure they would be good together but luckily I only had to pick one entrée. I chose chicken and a helping of some weird alien side dish. It tasted alright, it made me miss home.

"Alright workers! Sleep time!" A loud voice boomed from the intercom. All the men in the room rose from their seats and returned to their sleeping quarters.

My dreams were plagued with visions. It seemed to be the rebellion taking place and I was leading them to victory.

A loud bell rang waking me up instantly. "It was all a dream. Of course it was a dream."

"Hey Lance! Over here for a sec." Rex called to me. He was standing in from of a storage container and appeared to be struggling to get something. I walked over to him and noticed that he was reaching for a wielder of sorts. "This is no ordinary wielder. It's also a pistol. I made it myself for when I break out of this hell hole. 

"Looks pretty handy. How many more do you have?" I asked taking the pistol in my hand.

"One for every man we have." Rex said. "I've been planning this for a long time. I've had a lot of preparation." We left the sleeping quarters, ate a quick breakfast, and went outside to work. "Let's start." We entered a lift that got us up to the top of the unfinished building. 

"Alright so here's what you need to know." He whispered to me. "There are about fifty guards here at all times. Most of them stay are Hellena and her daughter but some guard the entrances to the quarters and the mess hall. Also many patrol the grounds around this building. Hellena's daughter, Harpy, is our main focus. If we capture her we have a bargaining chip against Hellena." He paused as he focused on his work. "Once we have struck a deal we capture Hellena also. This gives us an advantage over the Matriarchy, and trust me we will need it."

"I just have one question." I said.

"Course. Ask away." He replied.

"How are we going to capture her?"

"Ha I knew you'd ask." He patted my shoulder. "She has a crush on you."

"What how could you possibly know that?" I asked blushing a bit.

"Well one of the other men heard an argument between her and her mother and she apparently is going to try and see you tonight." Rex said smiling widely. "Of course we will need to push our plans up a bit to accommodate for this discovery but I think this could work."

"Why tonight?" I asked confused.

"Because today is the workman's feast. Since you are new here you aren't supposed to come." He winked at me awkwardly. "So you will be alone and her mother will be occupied."

"Are you asking me to seduce a woman I've never met?"

"Yes I am. Unless you've changed your mind about wanting to escape."

"Fine I'll do it."

The rest of the day went by rather quickly. Rex and I spoke little before him and the other workers left for the feast.

"Hi." A shy voice said from behind me.

I quickly turned to see Hellena's daughter Harpy staring at me. "Well hello." I said trying to sound cool.

"I um say you the other day and I just um thought you were kind of cute." Her cheeks were a bright shade of red. "I just wanted to actually talk to you."

"Well maybe we could do more than just talk." I winked at her to indicate I was flirting.

"Um I don't know. My mom has this policy. . ." I shushed her with my finger.

"Your mom isn't here is she?" Before she could reply I kissed her. I caressed her perky B cup breasts and her firm ass. "Let's go. My room is just down the hallway." I held her hand as we walked together to my room. "Don't be nervous you'll be okay."

"Are you sure we should do this?" She was reluctant. "What if we get caught?"

"We won't. Don't you want to see what it's like to have sex with a human?"

"Well kind of. The men of Raxus are very small in size and it's never very pleasurable for us women." Her eyes lit up. "But I've heard you humans have huge cocks." Her reluctance was gone when she thought about my huge cock ramming her tight alien pussy.

Finally we reached my room and quickly undressed. When my underwear hit the floor her jaw almost hit the floor. "See something you like?" I said taking it in my hand and jerking it off a bit. Before I got an answer from her she was stroking my cock with her soft hands.

"Yes I do." She stared me in the eyes as she stroked my cock. I groped her breasts and heard her moan.

"Want to taste it?" I smiled at her.

"Yes I do." She got on her knees and took the head of my cock in her mouth. "Mmph." She moaned in approval as she swallowed my cock. For such a young lady she was an exceedingly great cocksucker.

"Ah that feels good." I moaned and grabbed her bright red hair and pushed my cock further down her young throat. She gagged a bit so I let off. "Get on my bed and spread your legs." I ordered. She complied with my order and I shoved my cock in her tight pussy. "Ah yes that feels amazing." I grunted as I began to pick up speed.

"This feels so good." She moaned in approval as I began to ram my cock inside her pussy. I grabbed her hips to thrust even harder. "I love your cock Lance!" She screamed as she orgasmed with my cock still buried inside her.

"Ah fuck here I cum!" I shouted as I came deep inside her. I laid with her until I was sure she was asleep. Then I got up, grabbed some rope from the storage crate, and tied her up on the bed.

"Good job Lance. EVERYONE PUSH THE BEDS TO SERVE AS COVER FOR US TO HOLDOUT!" Rex shouted and everyone hustled. "Was she as good as she looks?"

"Even better Rex. Maybe you can have a turn with her." I said still grinning.

"Oh I intend to. So does every man in this building. GET ALL THE NATIVES OUT OF HERE WE DON'T WANT ANYONE TURNING ON US!" Almost instantly all the native male Raxusian's were thrown over the cover. "Be prepared for a war Lance."

"I already am."

TO BE CONTINUED