 I fall because I let go,
The net below has rot away.
Metallica, Low Man's Lyric

By the time she made it to the inn which was the closest thing these days she could call home, she was tired, dirty from the road and desperate for a drink. Few of the others were there, but then there were never very many of them at the inn at any one time. They were travelers and most would be out traveling, that was what they did. This place was merely somewhere to come back to from time to time, to recuperate, to rest. To remind yourself there were others just like you out there, that you weren't actually alone, despite all appearances. Maybe it should have made it easier to know there were others just as lost as she was, but it didn't. She just felt cynical and tired, which was fairly standard for her. Perhaps, she thought then, she would head home the trip after next, to her real home, not this half way house of an inn. But the thought took too much effort and for now she just needed a drink.

The angel was tending the bar, his hair as golden blonde as the day he had fallen, though in the mythology of her own world, the stories she had grown up with, that had never in reality happened. His world, close enough to her own to share a common mythology, different enough that where he was from most of it was actually real, had seen things happen differently. He didn't exist where she was from, at least not outside of stories. A fact he said had allowed his fictional existence there to remain as pure as he had once been in the reality of his own world, before he'd taken that willing dive downwards. He was a fallen angel who had against all odds once again managed to find redemption. Unfortunately, it had been too late by then. He'd already given it all up to travel.

"Kitty-cat. Did not expect you back so soon," he grinned at her, that wicked grin from that beautifully angelic face always managing to disarm her. "Where you been this time?"

"I went searching for King Arthur and seduced the Lady Guinevere," she returned, somewhat sarcastically. "Get me a drink, Gabriel, please."

She had not, of course, been searching for King Arthur, nor had she been seducing his Queen, who as far as Kit was concerned had enough seductions to deal with between her only occasionally attentive older royal husband and her amorous, if young, knightly lover. She was merely being a smartarse, because it was considered bad etiquette to ask a traveler where they had just been the very moment they had returned. Then again, in this inn the rules of etiquette were as often broken as any other rule ever was and they generally only acknowledged them so as to do just that. That there were no real rules and no real structure with which to define anything was one of the more difficult things for new travelers to grasp. Kit had got over that long ago. Or, at least, she told herself she had.

"Last one I'm serving," he told her as he put a long, amber ale down in front of her. "You lot can get your own drinks, I'm about to head off myself."

She took a sip of the beer. "Where to, angel?" she challenged. He only raised his eyebrows at her, mock offended. It was probably a bigger breach of etiquette to ask where another traveler was heading to as it was to ask where they had just come from. 

"Maybe I might go seduce Lancelot, if you've already had Guinevere," he offered and she grinned.

"He'd like that. The three of them would've been much happier if Lancelot had just admitted he wanted Arthur more than he ever wanted the Queen," she declared. "You could change history simply by opening his eyes to his own repressed pleasures."

He snorted his derision to that one. If there was one thing a traveler could not do, that was change history. They were tourists. Sightseers in somebody else's world and other people's lives. Traveling through stories and tales and pictures and words, myths and legends and beliefs. What was a story in one world, was real in another. And as every world had its own myths and stories and legends, there were an infinite number of places to explore. It had used to surprise her, though, how little they took advantage of that fact. Each of them still tended to stick to the worlds closest to their own, the ones they were most familiar with. The stories they had grown up with, the paintings they had long looked upon, the mythologies with which they had been reared. In the end, they didn't break out of the boundaries which had once defined them so much as they each thought they had.

"History? Kit, where you come from, Arthur and his misogynist mates are not even real," the angel shot back at her. "Myth and story. That is all."

"Gabe, where I come from, you are not even real," she reminded him. "And if we're talking misogyny, you might want to look at the mythological tradition which spawned you, hmmm?"

"Don't bother. I'm not going to defend what I've no care for any more. I left to travel," he countered, with a shrug. "Though I thought I might head back home soon, even if only for a visit. The trip after next, maybe."

She sighed. "Yeah, right," was her only weary response. Trip after next. They were all the same. "Catch you round, angel. Enjoy Lancelot for me."

His grinned his wicked grin again, always a jolting expression to see on a face which was designed to look so purely, beautifully innocent. 

"I'll make him scream my name in pleasure so loud even you will hear it Kit, no matter in which world you are," he promised, as he ducked under the bar at the end where the flap-top section allowed access behind it. 

She only watched as he dragged out his old duffel bag and grabbed his long coat, waving back to a couple of half hearted farewells from one or two of the others sitting at tables not far away, before exiting through the same door which had seen her enter. Wherever he was going, and she was prepared to bet it was not to track down the adulterous medieval knight of old, he would not open that door onto the same place that she had entered it from. The inn existed everywhere the travelers were, which was all worlds and all places. And when you wanted to return home, or at least to this place which could almost be considered home except for a distinct lack of emotional connection to it, then you just turned the corner and there it was: the inn. Like themselves, it crossed all borders.

Nobody bothered to take Gabriel's place behind the bar. They could all serve themselves, the only people who could come here were travelers or occasionally their guests, anyway. She just sat and nursed her beer, trying to decide whether she should head upstairs, find an empty room and crash for three days to catch up on the lost sleep incurred where she had last been. Yet that in itself seemed to take a little too much effort, so she remained where she was, nodding in silent greeting as one of the others jumped over the bar to fetch a drink. Miss Elizabeth it was, with her slick, tight leather clothing bordering deliberately on fetish-wear and proving she herself was not long back from traveling. She was a small blonde woman who liked to shock by appearance, but who in truth, Kit knew from experience, was incredibly conservative in bed. 

Kit sighed as she watched the girl rummage around behind the bar. Raised in an all female environment on a world so opposite to Kit's own there were literally no free men in her society at all, Elizabeth these days tended to prefer only men in the bedroom. As far as she could tell, Kit herself was the only woman who had managed to seduce her, even though it had only been to find lights-out-missionary-position was about all Elizabeth was interested in. And from what Gabriel and some of the other guys had told her, Elizabeth was pretty much the same with them as well. 

Well, they all had their hang ups. If she had come from a home world as uptight about sex as Elizabeth had, Kit figured she might be the same and her heavily patriarchal home world was bad enough when it came to that sort of thing. Besides, Elizabeth had not been with them long. It took a while to get used to the no rules, no care attitude of most other travelers, especially when it came to sex. But when you had traveled enough and seen enough variations on the whole good-taste/bad-taste thing, your attitude tended to become increasingly flexible. 

"Anything goes, right Kit?" Elizabeth winked, forcing Kit had to remember the other woman also came from a world where it was possible to read the unspoken thoughts of another and that Elizabeth was rather good at it. Kit only scowled at her good-naturedly.

"That's it. No rules, no meaning," she replied, raising her glass as if in salute to it. "Nothing intrinsically real or inherent, there is no inner truth, no absolute meaning and there are no consequences except those we make for ourselves. You'll learn that quick enough round here, girl."

Elizabeth only grinned, making her look even younger. Chronologically, she was barely out of childhood, no more than twenty, or at least she had been when she'd first turned up at the inn, dark, desperate, able only to travel. Once you hit that point, of course, age tended to freeze, like everything else, including emotional state and psychological fuck-ups. 

"Kit, you are so nihilistic. It's such a turn on," the girl teased, then only grabbed a bottle of something unlabelled from under the bar which was probably one of the Dominic's lethal home concoctions, before vaulting back over the top of it and heading for the door out the back. Not the one which lead out of the inn the angel had taken, but the one leading to the other rooms, further into the building which, like the Tardis Kit had once visited for a laugh, tended to resist mapping. There were more rooms than any of them cared to investigate and the place was bigger than anyone really knew. Every now and then one of them would decide it was time to explore the entire inn, but they'd grow bored after a while and leave the project unfinished. Like planning to return home the trip after the next one, an easily bored restlessness and an inability to stick at anything for long was a characteristic all the travelers tended to share.

Kit watched the girl go, wondering if she were swinging her hips to be deliberately provocative, but not caring either way and only enjoying the look of the young, firm female arse in the tight leather outfit. Miss Elizabeth was, if nothing else, a definite tease and Kit could appreciate that very well indeed, even if the girl didn't put out. She only sighed again as supple, leather-clad girl disappeared from view through the door and turned back to her drink.

"I'd thought you'd have had enough of women for a while."

That was a voice she hadn't been expecting. Rather than give him the satisfaction, she didn't turn around, nor did she immediately acknowledge his presence in any way. So it was fortunate she was facing away from him, so he could not see her not-quite-hidden smile.

"What, like you?" was all she eventually responded, without turning to look. She heard him laugh, then he moved deliberately into her line of sight, standing beside her at the bar. 

"You ever wonder why those of us who grew up in predominantly heterosexual environments tend more often to end up in bed with our own sex, Kit?" he asked her then and his voice was heavily mocking. He already had a drink in his hand, half finished, which surprised her. He didn't usually drink, most especially not when she was around, and besides, he preferred harder drugs. "Whilst those like Miss Elizabeth, who grew up in single gender environments, or those where homosexuality was the norm, find themselves almost exclusively enjoying heterosexual sex?"

She only looked up at him where he stood, thinking he needed to cut his too thick blonde hair, not quite so golden or luxurious as the angel's simply because it was far more human, and that he definitely needed a shave. Only the half finished drink in his hand indicated he had been here a little longer than she, for he did not look to have long returned himself. Which was typical. Even when they were trying to avoid each other, she and Daniel always ended up in each other's pockets. 

"Daniel, you'll fuck anything that moves, male or female. Don't tell me you predominantly stick to one or the other," she returned at last, shaking her head and turning away. 

"What, like you?" he mimicked her, half grinning. "Coming from the same home world and all, it's probably no surprise. So, you been home at all yet?"

She was careful to appear quite neutral to that one, especially as his question was less than casual, despite his attempts to sound nonchalant. What he said was true, they had come from the same home world. In fact, in a twisted way they were each at least partially responsible for driving the other here, a kind of thwarted love hate thing which became the impetuous for giving up on a whole world. The twisted part about it being they had never even been together before each had become travelers, let alone understood just how close the other was to that line. Obsessed about each other maybe, but never truly understood.

Or maybe it was only that they had understood each other far too well which had caused all the problems. 

"Nup. Was thinking of it soon though."

His smile was grim. "Trip after next, right?"

"You got it."

"Yeah, figures," he muttered, then glanced at her, a sly look. Suddenly, he leaned forward, so that his face was close to hers. "Why don't you and I just skip our usual antagonisms, Kit, and just get straight to the fucking?"

She had to bite her lip to cut back her smile at that one and only pushed him away. It was amazing how even their irritation with each other had become routine between them now, they each knew the other so well. 

"Can't I even finish my drink first? I'm barely back a few minutes," she retorted instead of arguing. He grinned, then nodded over at one of the booths towards the back of the long room.

"I'm having a drink with Felix. Going to join us?"

Her eyes narrowed, glancing suspiciously towards the booth he had indicated. Sure enough, she could see the long white hair of the dark natured creature who waited there and who grinned at her, sharp teeth and dangerous expression, when he saw her look. Felix wasn't human, but then neither were half those who came here, travelers all. What he was, Kit wasn't so sure and neither was anybody else, except to know that whatever he was, he had been very nasty once. If worlds were represented as stories, then in his tale he had definitely been the bad guy. The ultimate adversary. The leader of the evil armies attempting to enslave the world. And he'd very nearly won, too.

Not that it mattered much now, of course. Good and evil didn't really make much of a difference to travelers, who understood that such concepts were always defined in the minds and beliefs of individuals, of people, of men and women, and were never so innate as they at first might seem. Miss Elizabeth had called her nihilistic, but the fact was all travelers thought as Kit did, including that girl, and definitely including Felix. Besides, by the time you turned up in this inn knowing only you had to get away, that you needed escape, then you had generally ceased to care much for good, or for evil, or anything else for that matter. All there was left by then was the desperation to be anywhere else but the one place you knew, running only from the familiar and the loved. As travelers, they had as little interest in taking over the world as they had in saving it. They merely traveled, seeing other places, other worlds, other lives and beliefs and cultures and creatures, and all the while tried to avoid thinking of the one place they all kept saying they would eventually return to, except no one ever did. Home.

She glanced back up to Daniel. "Is that your attempt at seducing me?" she baited him.

"Don't blame me. Felix was the one who spotted you returning. He sent me over here," he grinned. 

"Ah. And you've decided to play obedient today, have you?" she laughed, but picked up her drink and followed him over to the booth.

She hadn't seen Felix in a long time, but there was a bond between them closer than between most travelers, except perhaps her and Daniel, which was another thing entirely and one she generally avoided thinking about. She had been there when Felix had first become a traveler, it had been his world she had been visiting, the kind of place they wrote fantastic novels about in her own home. She had seen what had happened to him, witnessed as his connection to his own world grew less and less viable, his care about his own influence within it dwindle to practically null. Stripped of one illusion after the other, until nothing meant anything anymore. He had been the evil one, the bad one, the one who had still fallen in love with the girl too frightened to help him when he most needed it and so had turned her back. Evil he may have been then, but he had also been a child once, before the evil had taken him; a child who made a mistake and received a penalty so harsh for it that he had not only barely survived, but had lost all sanity for a long while. 

So it went, such was how one supposedly evil was created, through the unjust treatment of others in the name of good and the subsequent possession of demons into his mind that he could not fight off and indeed hadn't truly even now. The only thing was, now it didn't matter all that much. As a traveler, you weren't bitter. Hurt perhaps, damaged still, but never bitter; it was too hard to care enough, after all. And the affects of whatever had chased you away from all you had called home would linger, but would mean no more than your other pains. That Felix carried companions with him constantly was just something which was a part of him, much like her tendency to drink far too much for her own good and Daniel's ability to feed enough hard drugs into his bloodstream to floor a small elephant. They had their hang ups and usually they were based in the worlds in which they had grown up; so she flirted with alcoholism, Daniel was a borderline junkie, and Felix... well Felix was half the time possessed, half the time himself, and nobody really knew which was which. 

There was conversation, at first. It had been a long time since the three of them had last seen each other and much to catch up on. Except as travelers, they weren't usually much good at the whole catching up thing; you were the same as you had been the last time and would be the next, nobody ever changed. And swapping traveling anecdotes did become somewhat redundant. Yet whilst they did not much care about anything, they did tend to care about each other and they tried to follow conventions which had once meant something but had now become as meaningless as everything else.

How are you. 

How have you been. 

Have you seen x or y or did you hear about when this happened, or that, or what do you think about... 

They tried. They always did. As if it were a way of clinging onto who they once might have been, as if it were a way of proving some things still did retain meaning and that included their relationships with others. As if this could ward off the feeling of being so very alone.

Their attempts at civility never lasted very long and by the time she returned from the bar with the next round of drinks, Felix was already pawing at Daniel and Daniel was more than eager in his response. She sat herself down across from them once more, pushing their drinks towards them but not trying to interrupt or pick up the stilted conversation where it had left off, instead only leaning back on her side of the booth with a dark smile and watching the two men handle each other so passionately. 

Felix had dragged Daniel over to him, hooking one arm around the other's neck and holding him down whilst he planted his lips on Daniel's own and shoved his tongue in his mouth. Felix's other hand was already inside Daniel's shirt, gripping at his skin, and she knew from experience just how suffocating Felix's passion could be, not that Daniel looked like he was protesting. He merely gripped back at Felix, no doubt enjoying his own helplessness as Daniel was wont to do when he was in such a mood, and let the creature have his way. 
