 "Yay, it's finally here!" screamed Gina as she closed the door.

"What is it?" asked Luca.

"A special something I ordered online, maybe you'll like it..."

She opened the apartment door and walked to the main gate where the mailman waited for her with a big cardboard package. What could it contain? Gina signed the paper, thanked the man and walked back inside with the cubic box.

"Are you going to tell me what's inside?" asked Luca, impatient.

"No. I'll show you instead," she answered.

She put the box on the floor and as she began opening it, Luca couldn't resist impersonating Brad Pitt by getting closer to her and yelling:

"What's in the box? What's in the fucking box??"

She laughed and ripped the top of the cardboard package. She then bent over to look inside and her face got suddenly brighter, as if she had opened a luminous treasure box. She couldn't believe it was there, just in front of her, ready to be used in no time.

She grabbed a manual from the box and opened it at the first page. Gina then turned to Luca and explained:

"It's an expansion pack for the "Splendid Game of T". A literal "expansion" pack, if you know what I mean," she concluded with an intentionally cheesy wink.

"Oh, Gina, you naughty little..."

She kissed him to shut him up and grabbed him by the neck, then rubbed her pelvis against his. She knew he wanted this. She was ready to explore even more of her abilities, stretch longer, larger, fuller. She also wanted to see how things would improve with this new expansion pack.

"Ready for the third act, Luca?"

"More than even, hun."

Gina displayed the board on the table, then took the new props out of the box. She did her best not to look at them while she grabbed them, so she would discover everything when the time comes. She then added the new cards into the "Active" and "Passive" decks and smiled at Luca.

"So, what will it be this time? What happens if I lose?" she asked him, shuffling the cards.

"I guess you'll have to make me breakfast every morning until June. What about you?"

"If you lose, I want you to take me out for dinner in a restaurant every week until the end of the year."

"But it's fucking March! I can't...well...well I guess I can. But I'm really too kind to accept such a challenge. Anyway, I know I won't lose, not this time," Luca answered as he grabbed the dice and rolled them to determine who would be the first player. This time, he rolled a 5 and she got a 4.

"This certainly means good luck. So, let's go!"

9: Luca landed on a blue spot, which meant he got to pick a "Passive" card.

""Tell all the other players about a fetish you have that they don't know about." Wow, I guess you pretty much know everything there is about my fetishes..."

"Are you sure? That would be sad," answered Gina.

She indeed knew about his rubber and latex fetishes, and also about his inflation kink, which she all enjoyed too. It had been two weeks since they had played the game with Chiara, Gina's good friend. Two intense weeks during which they had had even more sex than during the three previous ones. She loved being bent, twisted and stretched to the limits, with the care and passion Luca knew better than anyone how to handle. She really felt like there was something more between them, something on a higher level. They were almost fully compatible; there was nothing he liked in bed that she didn't also love.

During these two weeks, they had also tried to inflate her, but it was still difficult. Her tits wouldn't let any air inside, so Luca tried blowing into her pussy. This time, she swelled up a bit more than the last time they had tried it, but it was still very hard to keep her inflated, for the air would escape almost instantly. This is probably one of the reasons Gina wanted to play another round of the "Splendid Game of T", with the expansion pack.

"I think I have a thing for anal," Luca said, "I mean, I can't really know for sure since I've never tried it, but I've heard it's great and...yeah I'd definitely would like to try that sometime."

She didn't expect this from him. He had never mentioned anal before now, and she hadn't actually really considered it with another guy before. But Luca was different.

"With whom?" she asked, smiling.

"With the pope, dumbass."

She hit him on the shoulder and called him an idiot before kissing him on the lips and throwing the dice.

7: Gina landed on a blue square.

"What's it gonna be...? "Pick another player. They must undress you completely." Well, what are you waiting for, honey?"

Luca moved closer to Gina and, as she stared him in the eye, he started to take her shirt off, then her bra, revealing her shiny, perky rubber tits, still as average as usual. Her nipples were erect and pointing towards him. He then took her socks off and her pants. She now only had her grey thong on. She spread her legs, revealing her half-swollen snatch through the thin underwear. This was enough to make him hard. But he had to undress her completely before he could do anything. He closed her legs, pulled her thong off and bent over her in order to kiss her wildly.

He expected this night to be intense. More intense than any other night they had spent before. Her tongue pressed against his and he grabbed her tit, teasing her hard nipple, pressing it and pinching it like a gummy bear candy.

"Let's not go too fast, there," she said, pushing him back gently. "Roll 'em."

7: He landed on a red spot with a pictogram of two cards. Double "Active" pick.

"Okay, so, first, I'll have to draw this card...I think it's from the new expansion pack you bought. "Choose another player. Use as many valves as you need and position them anywhere on their body. Then, you may blow into the valve(s)." What's a...valve?" 

"Look here, I think this might be a pack of valves," she answered, grabbing a plastic bag with her elongated arm.

The bag contained around ten or twelve plastic valves, very similar to those nozzles inflatable dolls have on them. Luca tore the plastic bag open and grabbed two of them, then looked at Gina's naked body.

"I have a pretty good feeling about this."

He placed each plastic valve on one of Gina's nipples, then took his fingers away. 

A couple of seconds later, she felt the change. The valve was merging with her flesh! The plastic nozzle was now becoming part of her body, as if she were a true rubber doll, ready to be inflated!

Gina loved it and thanked the game for this. She wanted to be inflated with Luca's mouth ever since they had experienced the first transformations. That was one of her deepest desires, and she knew Luca would love to help her grow a couple of sizes.

Once the fusion of Gina's nipples with the valves had become complete, Luca opened her right nipple, which caused her boob to deflate instantly.

"Hey, careful with my tits!" she screamed.

"Be patient, honey. You'll get satisfaction in no time."

He then put his lips on the nozzle, causing Gina to moan. It was very sensitive, way more than normal (or rubber) nipples. Good.

He then pushed a first load of air into her tit, making it almost regain its former size. He then blew a second time inside her boob, inflating it to what could be a nice C-cup. But he wanted more and so did Gina, still moaning from this exquisite feeling of being filled with pure pleasure. This air flowing inside her tits was one of the best experiences yet. It was like a million little butterflies tickling her from the inside, making her want to beg for more, more, ten thousand times more of this.

She wanted to feel bigger, rounder, inflated, she wanted to see her boob skin stretch and hear its balloony texture make it squeak.

Her right boob was now as big as a ripe cantaloupe, which was something like three times bigger than her left one. Maybe it was time to equalise them. Luca closed the valve of her right tit and stepped back for a second to see the picture. Gina was now laying naked in the sofa with an average B-sized boob and a G-sized one. She probably could be inflated bigger, but that was enough for now, considering he still had to inflate the second one.

He opened the other valve and this time let all the air flow out. Half of her chest looked like a perfect bimbo's bosom, the other half was similar to a boy's torso.

"Now you're an Amazon, how cool?"

"Amazons had two boobs, you idiot. That's just a popular misconcep...oh fuck...yeah..."

He had started to inflate her left boob, providing her another wave of intense delight. It was swelling up like a balloon made of stretchy flesh, a magical rubber globe made for pleasure. Luca kept inflating her left breast until it matched her other one. Gina was moaning harder and harder, getting incredibly aroused by all this insane nipple play. Her pussy was overflowing and some of her grool was now dripping gently along her left leg. Luca closed the second valve and started to play with her boobs in his hands.

"They feel so fucking real, it's incredible..."

"I know r-right? Oh god, this is insanely hot," she answered, panting from the pleasure she had had during the inflation.

"Now, let's pick the second card, shall we?"

He grabbed another red card and read it out loud:

"Choose another player. Suck on one of their bodyparts."

"Seems like we've already had this one. So, wanna suck my knees?" she asked, mimicking Luca in a mocking manner.

"Ha fucking ha. You know what? Since you're mocking me, I'll suck your knees for real."

"Aw, come on..."

He was obviously joking. As he noticed her pussy being covered in slimy grool, he got thirsty and felt an urge to drink her special juice. Gina's nectar.

He started licking the grool on her leg, moving upwards to her thigh, then got his tongue around her oozing hole, wet as she'd never been before. He then started licking her inside walls, then pressed his lips against her labia and started sucking on them. He kept his lips there for a while, imitating a pussy pump with his wet mouth, making her moan louder and pant, then grab his hair and press his face harder against her swelling crotch. 

He kept sucking on her pussy for more than 10 minutes, playing around with his tongue, teasing random parts of her crotch, tickling and sliding it against her sensitive skin.

When he finally removed his mouth from her pussy, it was swollen to the size of a tennis ball, covered in drool, and still bound to Luca's lips and cheeks by a thick spit string.

Gina's clit was fully erect. She needed her inflated snatch to be filled. She needed a big fat cock. Right now. 

She stretched her arm to reach the dice and threw them.

10: Gina landed on a blue spot with the same clear pictogram.

"Oh god, another card from the expansion pack...Here goes nothing: "Put the red dildo in one of your holes." Where is it? Oh, there", she said, grabbing the small rubber sextoy in her hand. "This seems rather small, I hope it can make a rubbergirl cum."

She spread her legs, licked the dildo's head, then slid it entirely inside her stretchy vagina.

"Oh boy. This isn't a normal dildo, Luca. Oh, oh god!"

"What is it? What's happening?"

"It's i-inflating ins-s-side my p-pussy!" she yelled. "Oh yes, it's filling me, it's stretching me...oh, I love this..."

Luca loved this too. He could clearly see a slight bulge form on Gina's lower belly, pushing her latex skin from the inside and making her look like a bloated girl who just ate too much, or a newly pregnant woman. Then it stopped. Why? Maybe because "it" felt that was enough for now. Or maybe because the game was saying implicitly that now was the time for Gina to pick a second card. How smart was that game? After all, both Luca and Gina didn't care, for all that mattered to them was to make sex crazier this night.

Gina tried to have a better position in the couch, but couldn't manage to close her legs, due to her pussy being swollen like a peach. It was also more difficult for her to bend over since her belly had been inflated by the dildo. So she finally stretched her arm as usual and got another card that had the same coating as the previous one, meaning it came from the expansion pack.

"Pick a gum of any colour and chew on it."

"Oh, careful, there..." said Luca.

"Why?" asked Gina, panicked.

"Have you never seen "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"? I'm pretty sure that'll turn you in a huge blueberry..."

"So what? Besides, I kinda like the colour blue."

She grabbed a small pack of bubblegum from the game and chose a blue one. She could also have gone with yellow, green or pink, but had a preference for the dark blueberry-flavoured piece of candy. She then put it in her mouth and started chewing on it. Her teeth pressed against it and her tongue twisted around it to taste the fruity flavour of the gum, then swallowed her sweet saliva. She loved it and wished they would sell those in supermarkets. But suddenly she turned to Luca and noticed he frowned his eyebrows at the sight of her body that was now changing. What was happening? This time, she couldn't feel anything and asked him why he was staring at her in a most peculiar way.

"Just...just look at yourself in the mirror, Gina."

She stood up with more effort than usual, feeling disturbed by her round belly and her fat pussy. She then saw herself in the living room mirror. Her nose was blue. Really blue. Like a latex smurf. Or a blueberry.

"What the fuck!?" she screamed.

"Told ya," answered Luca from the couch.

The blue mark on her face quickly spread all over her face, then down her body, finally covering every bit of her. She looked like Mystique, but with a smoother skin, like a blue rubber doll with basketball tits, a bloated belly and an supersized snatch.

"I...I fucking love this," she said, sliding her hands over her new skin in front of the mirror. "How do you find my new colour?"

"Uhm, yeah, it's...it's sexy...yeah...I...kinda like it too..."

"You'll get a piece of this smurfette in no time, honey. But now, you better roll those dice and get the game wilder," she said before she blew a bubble and popped it.

8: He landed on a blue spot and had to pick a "Passive" card from the expansion pack.

""Choose another player. They must apply the black cream and spread it on any of your bodyparts." Geez, so much attention for knees tonight..."

"Shut up and get undressed while I'm trying to open this cream tube."

Luca took all of his clothes off in less than fifteen seconds, then stood up in front of Gina, his big erect cock facing her mischievous smile.

"Cool, you're hard. That'll make things easier."

She pressed the tube to put the black lotion in her palm, then smeared it all over his cock, head to balls, until they were all painted black with this thick preparation. As it dried off on his skin, his cock seemed shinier and harder, like a perfect dildo. His balls had also slowly inflated to the size of a perfectly round stress ball that Gina wanted to press so bad she couldn't hold it in.

As she took his ballsack in her hand and squeezed it gently, Luca's cock swelled up magically like another inflatable dildo. How he wished that could be permanent! That was one of his fantasies: having an inflatable cock to pleasure Gina and stretch her even more from the inside. She pressed his ballsack three other times, until his dick reached the size she wanted inside her, something around 10 inches long with the girth of a human wrist. She wanted him so bad, but she already had a dildo inside her pussy...where else could he penetrate her?

"Alright, time for another throw..." said Gina, sitting on Luca's lap and now rubbing his girthy cock between her supersized labia like a hotdog.

5: She landed on a red spot, a little behind Luca.

"Perform oral sex on another player until they cum."

"Oh yeah, we've already had that card the first time..."

"So...shall I get down to business?"

She knew how to make him cum quickly. She kept chewing on her blue gum as she first spat on the head of his large erect cock. Her spit was blue and slimy, just as stringy as Luca loved it. She then licked his 10 inches carefully, wrapping her tongue and the gum around his shaft, licking his balls, then sucking the candy off his cock back into her mouth.

"Oh god, where did you learn all this?" asked Luca, closing his eyes, trying not to cum prematurely.

"Slut school."

She then took half of his cock inside her mouth, then slowly took it off, making her blue elastic lips grip and stretch around his tool like a rubber condom. As she went further, sliding his cock into her throat, she pressed his balls and caused his cock to inflate inside her, filling her even tighter. At that moment, she felt something weird. The dildo inside her pussy was now inflating again.

"Why is it inflating now?" she thought to herself, trying to figure out the logic of this magical sextoy. "Maybe I'll never know, but this feels so fucking hot..."

She kept pressing his ballsack with her hand until she finally spat his cock out of her mouth, covered in blue saliva from his dick to her lips. That wasn't over. 

Gina then slurped his 12-inch beast in her mouth, licking its head harder and harder, as she smeared his cock full of blue saliva with her hands, stroking it with passion and lust. She now felt his pressing urge to cum. It was time for the bomb.

She took his cock out of her mouth, then chewed a couple of times on the blue gum, still playing on his shaft with both her hands. When he opened his eyes to look at his blue girlfriend, she was starting to blow a bubble. As she pushed his cock between her soaking hands, she pushed another load of air into the bubble. She had blown it to the size of a grapefruit and it was still very strong and stable, like a small balloon. She then moved her head forward to his cock and pressed its tip against the bubble, rubbing it gently on its smooth stretchy surface. He loved this feeling and was now getting very close to cum.

Gina then pushed the bubble harder against the tip, causing his cock to enter the bubble without popping it. At that moment, she stroked him harder and faster until he finally blew his load into the bubble, filling it progressively with his hot gooey cum. It was a magical moment, a penetrating pleasure that made him want to have the same blowjob in ten seconds.

When Luca finished cumming into the bubble, Gina stretched her blue lips around it all and slurped the gum back inside her mouth, then chew on it and swallowed all of his juicy semen. She wondered if it had turned blue in the meantime. That would have been definitely awesome.

"This...was...fucking...insane, G-Gina..." he panted, lying in the couch, sweating and shaking.

"I know," she answered, grabbing a paper tissue and cleaning her face and his wet cock. "You owe me big time, now."

"That's for sure," he said, breathing deeply and finally reaching for the dice.

His dick then deflated progressively, but stayed firm and erect. It shrank to its former size, which was around 8 inches or so.

"So...when I cum, it turns back to normal...wow, that's so cool!"

"I still like it a little bigger."

"Me too, but...I mean, now I don't have to feel scared about going really big and never being able to hide it if I ever need to get out of this flat."

"True that," she answered, reaching for his balls and pressing them another five time so his cock would match her craving.

His new cock had actually changed the feeling of his orgasm. The sensitivity wasn't quite the same as his former penis, but the change was especially significant after he had cummed. Now, he didn't need a break before round two anymore. There was no pain, no discomfort after an orgasm; the cock was ready to be used 24/7, no matter what, just like a dildo. And that was fantastic, because he could please Gina no matter what. He would always be erect. 
