 Damon awoke the next morning to the smell of coffee. After a largely restless night he had fallen into a hard sleep around first light. Waking up now he was groggy and had difficulty placing where he was. The smell of morning coffee made him think of Claire, who usually arose before him and would bring him a steaming mug of coffee if he was still asleep once she had brewed it.

Damon sat up, still trying to orient himself, half expecting Claire to walk into the room, a mug in each hand. In the background he became aware of the never-ending "boom-boom" and it painfully began to dawn on him where--and when--he was. A gloom descended over him like a palpable weight, pushing down his shoulders and compressing his chest. He had difficulty breathing and tears of disappointment welled in his eyes.

Bobi appeared suddenly at the bedroom door holding two steaming mugs. For the briefest instant Damon thought it was Claire, that she had made it back safely somehow, but then he realized it wasn't her, but some interloper, cruelly mocking his misplaced hope. As she walked toward the bed more memories flooded Damon's awareness, more recent ones; memories that involved the taste of this stranger's lips, the smell of her hair, the feel of her breath on his face and then the fullness of his memory was restored to him, where he was and what had happened and what he had done. He teetered on the brink of guilt and despair when a voice checked his fall.

"Do you expect me to hold it to your lips or do you think you can manage it yourself?" the voice teased.

A large blue mug floated before his vision. Damon stared at the mug, then looked to the voice's owner. Bobi's sweet smile greeted him and gently pulled him further back from the edge.

"A straw maybe?" the voice teased again.

Damon carefully grasped the mug and put it to his lips. The hot liquid washed away the bile of disappointment that had risen in his throat and he allowed himself to lean back against the headboard.

Bobi squirmed next to him with her mug in both hands so she could lean against his shoulder.

"Are you okay?"

Damon kissed the top of her head. "Yes, I'm okay," he faintly croaked out. Then more firmly, "Coffee's good. Thanks."

"I hope you don't mind. I watched how you used the burner and thought I could figure it out. You were so sound asleep, I didn't want to wake you."

He kissed her head again in acknowledgment and they sat quietly for a long while sipping their coffee.

When the cups were set aside Bobi snuggled closer and wrapped her arms around him.

"Damon? You okay? You seem . . . troubled."

"I'm okay. Just . . . thoughtful, I guess."

"Last night you said that we would know what we had done was right depending on how we felt about it tomorrow. Well, now it's tomorrow. Is that what you're struggling with?"

"I guess a bit," Damon admitted. "But it's not so much a struggle as it's a reluctance to let go. After all that's happened there's just this huge gulf separating me from my memories, but they still manage to float across occasionally.

"How about you? Does it still feel right to you?"

"Yes, it does. It's an unfamiliar feeling, and strange, but it's not wrong."

She hugged Damon tighter.

"I guess we've both lost something," she continued. "You've lost your family and I've lost my God. But we've found each other so that we won't lose ourselves."

Damon grasped a handful of Bobi's hair and gently pulled her head back so that he could look into her eyes. Those soft, deep, brown pools where now lay his only hope and salvation. Whatever hesitancy had stayed him before had fled. He wanted only to lose himself in her warm, forgiving gaze and be closeted there forever.

"You're amazing!" He leaned down to kiss her.

She returned his affections enthusiastically and soon lay atop him, feverishly kissing his eyes, nose, forehead, and all over his face. She wore only a long t-shirt, Damon soon realized, and he himself was still completely unclothed.

Still kissing him urgently, Bobi, slid down a little atop him. Damon could feel her coarse pubic hair rub against his stomach and then his groin. He was already hard and could feel the heat of her pussy near his cock.

She tried scooting further down to rub against him, so he reached down to help guide himself into her desire. As he slid in she almost hummed in pleasure, then began to grind her hips against him. He thrust urgently into her, almost as if he were trying to reach ever deeper into her being. He soon could feel her pussy clench around his cock as she let out several short moans and a sharp gasp. He kept thrusting as he felt the pressure build inside him and then he wrapped his arms around her, almost crushing her to him as he burst within her with a loud "Aaaah!".

Bobi giggled as she resumed kissing him all over his face and head.

"Wow, what did I do to deserve this?" he asked between kisses.

More giggles. "Make a girl feel like that and this is what you get."

"Feel like what?"

"Oh, you know, like a Roman candle just went off between my legs; like you just plugged me into an electric socket connected to my pleasure generator. You know, just stuff like that."

"Sounds impressive."

"I had no idea how impressive it could be. Do it again?"

"Uh, well, if anyone could make it happen again quickly you could, but, um, you need to understand that for guys there's an issue of, uh, recovery time."

Bobi stopped kissing Damon and pushed herself up on her arms with an exaggerated pout. Gravity pulled her ample breasts down against the fabric of her shirt and Damon could feel them just brushing against his bare chest.

"How much recovery time?"

"Well, if I'm well fed and sufficiently pampered, maybe not all that much."

Bobi slowly lowered herself onto Damon, as if she were doing pushups, and gave him a long, slow, sensual kiss.

"Does that count for pampering?" she said when she had released her kiss.

"Yes, quite."

"And . . .?"

"Food?"

Another pout.

"Oh, all right, I guess."

Bobi rolled over onto her back with an exaggerated bounce and stretched her arms into the air.

"Eggs Benedict?" she suggested.

"Um, the chef whose specialty that is happens to be on vacation. Perhaps you would settle for Vienna Sausage under glass?"

Another pout. "Oh, all right.'

After breakfast, the two of them were cleaning dishes when they were startled by a loud explosion nearby. Bobi dropped a dish she was drying, which erupted into shards when it hit the floor. They both jumped back involuntarily. Out the kitchen window a plume of black smoke began to rise.

"Couldn't be more than a few blocks away," Damon muttered, looking out the window.

"Where?" Bobi asked, moving closer to the window. "Ow! Oh, crap! Oh, my!"

"What?"

Bobi pointed to one of her bare feet, already stained red with blood.

"Oh damn! A shard got you! Don't move, or you'll get cut some more. Here, let me get you out of the danger zone. I've got my slippers on, I won't get cut."

Damon stepped over to Bobi and bent slightly to put one arm behind her knees and the other around her back.

"Lean back and I'll lift you up," he instructed.

Bobi obeyed, but as he lifted her she let out a short gasp.

"Did I hurt you?"

"No," she replied pointing to the window. "Look!"

Damon swiveled with Bobi in his arms. Rising above the treetops first one, then a second floater appeared near the column of smoke. They hovered there for a few more seconds, then one moved off away from them. The two of them stood frozen, anxiously peering at the remaining floater, which hovered at the scene perhaps another half minute, then slowly drifted their way.

Bobi buried her face in Damon's shoulder.

"No, no, no. Not again! Go away, go away!"

"Shh, shh. It's alright. It won't come in here. And we need to get you patched up."

Damon carried Bobi to the hall bathroom, as much to get her away from the window as to patch up her cut. He set her down on the counter and lifted her foot to examine it.

"It's a bleeder, but you're really not cut too bad."

He grabbed a washcloth from a cabinet and pressed it against the cut until the bleeding slowed, then applied some anti-bacterial cream and a band-aid.

"There, good as new!"

Legs dangling from the counter, Bobi looked at him with a dour expression but didn't reply.

"There, there. It'll be okay, I promise," he reassured her with a hug.

"I doubt anything will be okay," she finally said, hopping down and hobbling down the hall. "I'd better clean up my mess."

Damon hurried after her and grabbed her arm before she got to the kitchen.

"Go to my bedroom closet and find some house slippers. Then you can come help me. I'll get a broom."

Sweeping up the ceramic shards from the kitchen floor, Damon cast frequent nervous glances out the window. Smoke still rose from the source of the explosion, but no more floaters were to be seen.

Bobi shuffled into the kitchen, now wearing slippers. She also looked nervously to the window.

Seeing her gaze, Damon tried to reassure her. "It's gone now. Moved on to wherever. Here, can you grab that dust pan and help me sweep this up? You'll want to keep those on when you're in here from now on. I've tried to get everything, but there could be a small piece or two I've missed. You don't want one stuck in your foot."

As Bobi knelt to help with the cleanup, Damon chattered on, trying to distract Bobi from her obviously dark mood. It didn't seem to be working.

Once he had disposed of the dish fragments and put up the broom, Bobi sought out Damon in the living room, where he had gone to take a quick survey of the street. She silently pulled him to her and hugged him tightly, laying her head to his chest.

"Bobi, I know how frightening those damn things are, but really, if we're just careful we'll . . ."

She silenced him by putting three fingers over his mouth.

"I'm not interested in talking about those damn things. I don't even want to think about them! But I do want to live a life, however much of that is left, whatever it might be. Will you help me do that?"

"Of course! I couldn't refuse you anything, not now."

"Then let's live."

Bobi took Damon by the hand and led him to the bedroom. She had him sit on the edge of the bed, then stood back a step.

"I am in need of instruction," Bobi stated matter of factly, standing before him with her arms at her sides.

"Instruction?"

"Yes, I need you to show me everything you know about pleasure, about how two people in love can make each other happy. Can you do that?"

Damon looked intently into Bobi's eyes, trying to detect . . . well, he didn't know what, exactly. Honesty, determination, sanity? But in truth, there was nothing sane about their world now. Who was he to question how this sheltered, religiously conservative girl could turn into a bold, pleasure-seeking young woman before his eyes? Any more than she should question how a loving husband who lost his family just days ago should throw himself into bed with a young stranger. It was a new world. All bets were off.

"Yes," he stated flatly in reply.

"Good! Then take off your clothes."

Damon hesitated, then stood and stepped towards Bobi.

She put out a hand to stop him and took another step back.

"No. Just you. You take them off."

Damon looked her in the eye, then removed the only two articles of clothing he had on: a t-shirt and a pair of light flannel shorts.

"Okay. Now sit down," she instructed.

Bobi still wore only the long t-shirt she had on when he first saw her that morning. The hem came just a few inches down onto her thigh, barely hiding her pussy. She slowly spun around before him, letting him enjoy the sight of her from all angles.

"Do you like what you see?" she asked with a smile that Damon welcomed. It looked like her mood was lightening.

"Yes, very much," came the slightly hoarse reply.

"Maybe you'll like this even better."

Bobi took the hem of her t-shirt and very slowly lifted it, gradually revealing her pussy demurely hiding beneath a thicket of brown curls, then a shapely tummy softened by a very slight layer of fat, then two ample, slightly pendulous breasts with large brown aureole. Once the shirt was fully off she tossed it carelessly in a pile behind her, then once again turned slowly around, now on tip toes.

Damon said nothing, but his breathing was noticeably faster.

Facing him again, Bobi stepped slowly forward.

"Well, look at that!" she exclaimed, directing her gaze to his lap. "Just seeing me caused that?"

Damon looked down at his own pulsing hard-on. "Yes, just little ol' beautiful, sexy you. You did that. That's the power you have."

As she came near he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her stomach while kneading her full, round butt cheeks.

She wrapped her arms around his head and ran her fingers through his curly brown locks, enjoying the sensuality of his lips on her skin. She felt Damon's hands wander down her thighs, then back up again into the forest of her womanhood.

"I've heard . . . , girlfriends have told me that if someone kisses you . . . down there, that it's really . . . nice. Have you ever done that?"

Damon looked up at her. "Yes, I have."

"It isn't gross?"

"No, it's not gross. There's nothing dirty about it. It's very sensual, almost intoxicating. Do you want to see?"

With one hand still fondling his hair she looked down at him, then looked up and stared off into the distance.

"Yes," very quietly. "Yes, please."

Damon resumed kissing her stomach, then focused his attention lower. He buried his nose in her fragrant bush, savoring her womanly aroma. He bent over to lower his head still more and lightly licked at her protruding inner labia, then opened his mouth and exhaled strongly between her legs. Bobi moaned.

Damon gently guided her around to sit on the bed, then pushed her onto her back and centered her in the middle. Kneeling beside her he kissed her up and down her body, starting with her full, pliant lips, suckling her breasts, licking her navel, and nibbling at her inner thighs.

He situated himself between her legs on his stomach and ever so gently kissed around her pussy. With his tongue he gently flicked at her labia and slowly slid his tongue between them to finally taste her slightly musky flavor.

He forced his tongue in further and Bobi let out a soft gasp and moan. Pressing his mouth against her he again breathed heavily onto her. He ran his tongue up her slit and found her clit, lightly flicking it. A shudder and some more moans.

He began working her clit with the flat of his tongue, pressing against her and slightly rotating his head, then pulling back somewhat and flicking his tongue up and down. Periodically he would lick her lips and stick his tongue into her, then return his attention to her clit.

She grabbed ahold of his hair and unconsciously pulled him into her more firmly while rotating her hips. Damon increased the pressure and licked at her more vigorously. One arm was wrapped around her thigh while the other reached up to fondle a breast. He could feel the urgent rise and fall of her bosom as her breathing quickened, punctuated by moans.

As her moans rose to a higher pitch she threw her arms to her side and tossed her head back and forth, finally arching her back and biting her lip in a final gasp of pleasure.

As she relaxed Damon inched his way up her body to lie completely over her.

"Do you want to know what you taste like?"

Bobi looked doubtful, but nodded after a few seconds. His mouth still damp with her desire, Damon lowered his face to hers and gently kissed her on the lips.

"What do you think?"

"It's weird, but not gross like I thought it would be."

"Well, I think it's wonderful. I'll taste you any time you let me."

"With an offer like that, I may never let you come up for air."

She pulled him down onto her and kissed him passionately.

Bobi broke off the kiss after a long while and said, "You know, you're not off the clock yet. You've got more instruction ahead of you."

"Well, okay, so be it. What is your pleasure?"

"My pleasure would be to give you pleasure, like you just gave me. Surely that can be done?"

"Oh yes, it most definitely can. Are you sure you want to try?"

"I want to try everything, this is just the start."

Bobi pushed Damon to her side and rolled on top of him. She began kissing him on his face, then slid down, kissing his lightly haired chest and stomach along the way.

When she reached his dick, she fondled it gently with her hands, then lay her cheek against it. He was already firming up.

"It's so warm!"

"Lots of blood flow right there now."

"Oh, that's how it works?"

Bobi kissed his cock as it grew fully hard, then she began to lick it, like a lollipop.

"Is this what I do?" she asked between licks.

"Um, well, that's nice and all, but it won't ultimately get the job done."

"No?"

"Uh, no, not actually."

"Then what do I do?"

"Well, you need to put it all the way into your mouth."

"Oh, like this?"

With that Bobi scooted forward somewhat and, with pursed lips, set them against the tip of his penis. Then she licked her lips and ever so slowly took him into her mouth. When she had enveloped about half his length, she raised herself off him again.

"Like that?"

"Oh yeah, just like that!"

She repeated the process again.

"Is that good?"

"Oh baby, that is soo good!"

Bobi worked her mouth up and down on Damon's cock several more times.

"Am I doing it right?"

"Feels great!"

"But do guys have a spot like you found on me? I mean, is the whole thing sensitive?"

"No, not the whole thing. Some parts are more sensitive than others." Damon raised himself up so he could illustrate clearly.

"See, on the bottom side near the tip is a special strip of skin." He pointed. "That's quite sensitive, sort of like your clitoris. Then the rim of the helmet here is also very erotic, but in a different way. It's more powerful, in its way, and gives a strong rush at the end. But it's not as sensual as the other."

Bobi carefully inspected his penis as he described the parts.

"Then the bottom of the foreskin, part way down the shaft here, just where the skin color changes from darker to light, that has some nice nerve endings when things heat up. Not as powerful as the other parts, but a nice addition to the overall effect.

"And finally, the opening at the very tip has some very arousing nerves in it. When you touch them just right, gently, not rough, they can deliver quite a tingle."

Bobi took this all in thoughtfully, then gently pushed Damon back down flat on his back.

"So, if I were to take you in my mouth and press my tongue firmly against the bottom of your . . . your dick, like this . . ." Bobi demonstrated. ". . . then that would feel good?"

"Mmm hmm," Damon muttered.

"And if I were to do that, but also firm up my lips as I passed up and down over the edge of your helmet, like this . . . then that might feel even better?"

"Mmmmm."

"And if sometimes I swallowed you deeper so that I ran my lips along that sensitive bit of skin further down the shaft . . ."

"Mmmmmmmm."

"And then if I sometimes also gently licked directly on the opening at the tip . . ."

"Ohhhh."

"And if I did all that over and over . . . "

Bobi did as she described and soon Damon was breathing heavily and moaning in pleasure.

Bobi occasionally felt Damon's dick twitch in her mouth and that made her feel very powerful, inciting her to work her mouth still more vigorously over Damon's cock.

"Bobi," Damon said breathlessly, "I've got to warn you, if you keep this up, I'm going to cum soon. I don't want you to be unpleasantly surprised by an unexpected load of my spunk."
