 The Ship

I suppose we should start with my old Earth name, it was Leon Blackthorn by the way. I've always been fascinated with space. Where we've been in it, where I hope we will go one day. The limitless potential of limitless galaxies was something I could get behind. It was the none-to-distant future and the United States space program was a distant memory of the Sixties and Seventies. Our last space shuttle was somewhere in the Smithsonian or something. There was a lot of talk about new rockets but nothing really concrete, heck in a bitter twist of irony the Russians were the only people willing to even charter out trips to the Big Empty. Now, naturally I never knew the Cold War personally, but I can appreciate history. 

I'm telling you all this so that you'll understand that I was just a bit bitter about my astronaut dreams being old hat. So, when I got out of four years of college I got a job as close to space as I possibly could. Unfortunately, that was at the small end of the very large, very long telescope... as a technician. Only people with masters degrees got to look into the lens (screen, whatever). Still, I got to look at a lot of images even if I didn't tell the telescope where to look. It wasn't a bad job, but you know, it wasn't my dream. Well, that's life for you. So, I did what anyone growing up had to do, I gave up the dream and settled in to two years of reality. 

Funny thing about reality, it extends well beyond the bounds of our atmosphere. It was my twenty-fifth birthday and I was busy celebrating at the observatory with a fifth of something in a brown bag, a chocolate chip cupcake with a single candle and the starry sky above. It was about midnight and the cupcake and the fifth were well done and gone, I was looking up at the big dipper and sighing. Suddenly, my eyes were drawn to a streak of gold-orange fire streaming through the dark blue and white stars of the sky. Shooting stars were nothing new, but I kept thinking that this streak was particularly big... really big... far too big... 

I realized that it was going to hit, nearby, and naturally I panicked... like a champ. Despite my alcohol-fueled deductions, the object flew over me for at least half a mile before impacting deep into the woods behind the observatory. With less than tip-top judgment I staggered to my feet and began the hike toward the possible crash site. To be honest I didn't think that I would find anything more than a downed piece of junk at best or some kind of small plane crash at worst. I didn't expect anything of an extraterrestrial origin. Oh, how far I had fallen, thankfully once faithful always faithful. 

It took me twenty minutes to get to the first signs of damage. It was pretty gruesome. Trees were orange with fire and already turning to charcoal. The greenery was scorched and there were shards and large splinters. About five more minutes into the woods the charred and overturned dirt began to appear, for which I was thankful because I was sure I was lost at that point damage or no damage. The plowed earth was a lot smaller than I would have thought. Maybe there should have been more destruction from my point of view, but that was quickly and effectively driven from my mind when I saw what had impacted the Earth. 

It was about the size of a bathysphere and just as round. It didn't have any kind of viewport. It was silver in hue and as reflective as a mirror. I could see myself only slightly distorted by the curvature of the object. I was bookishly handsome—I'd always thought—with narrow features and a thin nose somewhat on the long side. I liked to swim and run so I had the aerobic physique, well defined but with not a lot of muscle to speak of. I had hawkish green eyes and coal-black hair. I was wearing a gray T-shirt that said "I Want to Believe" and some thick dark-blue jeans and a pair of canvas low-tops. I ran my hands through my short-cut hair and stared mouth agape. I stumbled to it and poked it with a stick. Then I held the stick to the surface of the object. It didn't burst into flames, and then I thought about radiation. That made me give a big swallow. I felt fine now but who knew. I took a couple of circuits around it and it was seamless. It was on my second lap around the craft when I saw a red flash. It was more or less even with me, a little higher and off kilter to the left a good bit. Looking closer I saw it was a red flashing triangle with a strange symbol that I had never seen before. 

It seemed like a warning to me, but against what I did not know. I don't know what came over me but I poked the symbol with my finger. Yeah, I know foreign contact, don't touch it with your actual hand and all that, but I was still a little drunk. The impetus of every science-fiction horror story ever aside the symbol changed to a four-pronged symbol that reminded me of a hand. The fingers were longer than mine but the hand was thinner. Still doing my best to emulate the configuration of digits and push it to the smooth shiny surface of the object. 

There was a hiss and a gust of air as a large section of the top and a smaller section at the bottom separated. It was obvious the bottom portion was a boarding ramp but the uneven keel of the object made it stick up in the air at a funny angle. Figuring that I was still alive so I decided I was already waist deep in it, so what could a little more hurt?

Clambering up the boarding ramp what I saw shocked me profoundly. It was an alien; it was an unmistakably female alien. She was tall. I am about six foot three inches and she had a good foot—almost two—on me. While her waist was model slim her breasts were extremely large. I realized some of it was due to proportion, but beyond that her tight-fitting purple space suit stretched tightly around her bountiful chest. It looked right though, not inappropriately proportioned. Her arms were slim and shapely and I noticed that her hips were very wide giving her the epitome of the hourglass figure. Her face had what I would only describe as avian features.

Her eyes were somewhat big but narrow and canted. Her nose was long and thin, but it gave her a regal look. Her lips were big and pillowy. She had a delicately pointed chin. The odd thing was her skin was a light, pale shade of lavender. She had hair it was worked into a braid that left no hair out of place and the braid was so long she had pinned it up. The lack of bangs showed off smallish ears that bore the slightest point at the back. I moved over her, there wasn't a lot of room in the pod. Light pink blood stained her suit in places and she was not in the best of condition. I saw several large cuts around her face. 

Trying to preserve her modesty as much as possible I peeled back her suit from the biggest wound and it was terrible. There was a piece of shrapnel in it and it wouldn't stop bleeding. I put her suit back and pressed down trying to staunch the bleeding. I reached to her neck to check her pulse and I felt a strong grip on my arm. Four fingers grabbed my forearm painfully. They were gloved so I couldn't make out any details. 

What happened next was hard to describe. Her eyes snapped open. She had no whites, just colored iris and a large obsidian black pupil. It started our round but contracted to the tiniest of slits. Suddenly my head was full of brief images and sensations. I felt her pain, it burned like nothing I'd ever felt, but somehow I knew it was worse for her. Through the flush of sensations I picked out a symbol like the one on the pod door but with a different image in the middle. Something told me it was their symbol for first aid. Understanding I nodded and she let go closing her eyes again. 

Looking around I found a small hexagonal box with the symbol and opened it. Inside there were pads of varying lengths and sizes. They looked like band aids. I pulled one out of the pads and opened it. The adhesive was silver and sticky, some came off on my finger but it didn't remain. I think it absorbed into my skin. It was pretty self-explanatory. 

I knew I had to put it on the big wound but there was the metal shrapnel to deal with.

"I can't put it on if you've got a piece of metal in you." I said. When I finished speaking there was another flash just telling me to put it on. So, I did. She hissed but soon gray shiny ooze was coming from the bandage. It looked like metal. 

"Whoa..." I muttered. 

There was another flash and I got the feeling that it was tiny robots. 

"Nano-machines..." I said breathlessly. 

Another impatient flash affirming my guess, "Oh, sorry..." I mumbled putting more of the smaller bandages on her wounds. She would give more flashes and I'd tend her wounds. I was worried because the flashes were getting weaker. I realized that these were just temporary measures and she had to get help.

"I-I need to get you to a hospital." I said. Another flash, just a single button; I found it and pushed it without hesitation. The pod began to seal up. 

"No! No! No!" I yelled pushing against the closing sides in futility. There were no more flashes. She was completely unconscious. The pod lurched and I was flung past her to the wall of the pod. Despite the initial lurch the orb smoothed out and began to rise. The systems began to dim and there were several flashing symbols and words on a holographic display that popped up. 

I began to feel a pull in my stomach and suddenly I was unconscious. 

The Homeworld

I woke up and the first thing I registered was that I was incredibly comfortable. Then I realized I was in a oval shaped shell of a bed that was packed with blankets and pillows of some material that had the sheen of silk and the softness of high-thread cotton. 

Looking over the edge I noticed the bed was hovering. I didn't have time to ponder how cool that was because there was a soft woosh and I looked at the oval-shaped door and the far end opening. In strode another of the tall alien women but she was a little shorter and darker lavender in color and her hair was dark, dark red where the first's had been a kind of deep honey blonde. This one had three braids that she let hang before braiding them into a large braid that hung down to her butt. 

She had blue eyes and a thin waist. She was like the other one. Her breasts were only slightly smaller and her hips just as wide. She had the same slim waist shapely thighs and calves and svelte arms. I noticed for the first time that she didn't wear the square-toed boots of the first and they had four toes that appeared to be in the same configuration as their hands, even a thumb. It wasn't like my rounded fingers they came to graceful points and were long. She didn't have gloves like the first. She had finger nails like mine painted off-white and rounded immaculately, but she didn't keep them long. She smiled and I noticed that most of her teeth were flat and even, but her eye teeth were fairly pointy. Still it wasn't an I'm-going-to-eat-you smile, it was a friendly smile. 

"Good afternoon," she said, her voice was deep but still light and feminine. At first I was going to reply but then I realized I could understand her.

"H-How?" I stuttered out.

"Oh, we put a translator in your ear while you were unconscious. The initial g-force from the warp jump knocked you out good." 

She pulled up a hover stool and looked at a chart that was more like an electronic tablet. "Your vitals are in line with the baseline tests we took from your race. The supplements, nano-machines, and your brain waves all look appropriate."

She stood up and went to a nearby counter and I got a good view of her bottom. It was large but proportional. The tightness of her uniform (I also saw the same symbol for first aid on her shoulder that I had seen on the kit in the pod) accentuated it gloriously. It molded flawlessly over each large cheek. I had several rapid hot flashes of an interesting take on first contact. 

She turned to me and smiled, a sultry smile and she shook her head, "While I appreciate the opinion of my butt and the appeal of laying with you human it would be grossly unprofessional of me to lay with a patient under my care."

"How did you know I was..." I stammered.

She sauntered back over and sat on the edge of my bed-pod-thing. Despite her earlier remark her big bottom found its home on my thigh. It felt soft but firm, like it had just enough jiggle to be appealing. She was heavier than I thought she would be despite her height.

"We are an empathic race. We can't read minds but we can transmit emotions, as well as, simple ideas and images easily, especially if we're not guarding ourselves. Because you had completely unguarded contact with Anixa—the pilot—you are now empathic through her."

"Oh, so... you knew that I was... aroused." 

"Shamefully so, but in a culture as open as ours we take it as a compliment, most of the time." She stroked my face, "I really want to be grossly unprofessional." She relaxed and let me feel her emotions and I could tell she was curious. I blushed, "You'll get used to it, human."

"My name is Leon, Leon Blackthorn." I said trying to fight off the blush knowing she was feeling my embarrassment. She smiled and took my hand stroking it gently with her thumb. She leaned forward and I could see more of her large bosom. She seemed to enjoy my unguarded torment. 

"Sorry," she said, "It's just so cute that you find me attractive and can't guard your emotions. It's not fair to you."

"It's okay." I said, meaning it. 

"Well, not really because of what I have to do next."

"What's that?" I said nervously.

"We have to kill you. You're a primitive race and we can't have you wandering around our glorious homeworld with your dirty caveman ways. Sorry." 

I balked and pushed her off in a hurry my hand firmly pushed against her rump and I got a flash of surprise from her. She stood up. 

"Especially now that our lower gravity has made you stronger," she said in shock. She sat back down more of her ass on my thighs and she smiled, "No, no don't worry." She said holding my hand, "We're not going to do anything to you. In fact we just spent the last two weeks expanding your lifespan by hundreds of years. We don't want you to die because your link with Anixa is so strong that if you or she were to die then the other would follow seconds after, and we aren't in the habit of killing sentient species especially since they can't exactly leave the planet." She giggled and wiggled her rump in a kind of apology. She was happy by another naughty bit of emotion from me. 

"Alright, this is the serious bit, so pay attention." She cleared her throat, "Leon Blackthorn, I am Danzi Uril, Chief Medical Scientist for Citadel our capital city of our homeworld of Ambrona of the system you call Alpha Centauri."

I nodded and she continued. 

"You saved Anixa Urala a flight lieutenant in the Ambronian Shield Patrol Fleet, Alpha Squadron. More importantly, she is the youngest daughter of the three children of our glorious ruler Empress Alora Urala IX."

"Is that why I'm not dead?" I said still very, very nervous. 

"No, no, my joke aside we wouldn't kill you, but you are given special consideration by our empress."

I raised an eyebrow.

"Well this represents an... exciting opportunity. We were not a mono-gendered race, but over the past millennium our men have all died out from a rare genetic mutation that caused them all to pass away."

"I'm sorry," I said.

"That's sweet, Leon, but the last man died before I was born. Our whole culture has already adapted to a mono-gendered race. We use cloning and artificial insemination to insure female children. Anyway, to our opportunity..." She was wringing her hands, "We... appropriated your physiology." 

"What? I said in shock.

"Well, preliminary scans of your physiology showed baseline human traits matching those we took in—let's see, human years—1969 when you landed on your moon, Luna. We had a fleet patrolling beyond the planet you call Mars and we took several remote scans of several regions of the Earth. Well, when you came back with Lady Urala we took the opportunity over the past two weeks to run some in-depth tests with our newest technology. We found that our physiologies are more compatible than we previously assumed. So, with the authorization of the empress we began modifying you.

"What?" No one ever accused me of an extensive vocabulary. 

"Um..." She wiggled more out of discomfort than playfulness this time, "Well, due to your empathic link we gave you many supplements and nano-machines. You'll live easily as long as us, about one thousand years easily. You'll age extremely slowly and heal faster. We also corrected many of your latent genetic and physiological problems--you have perfect human vision for example. Naturally the empress, not to mention Lady Urala, would be upset at being limited to sixty years of life."

"Well, that's nice of you..." Honestly I didn't know what to think. I was going to live for over one thousand years.

She furrowed her brow, "You might rethink that when you realize you're now technically property of the Ambronian Empire."

"What!" I exclaimed. 

"You say that word a lot." She said crossing her arms. 

"Why?" 

"That's our opportunity... on a hunch—and this is my fault—I and my team decided to augment your male chromosome with the chromosome of an Ambronian male." She shushed me when I tried to speak up. "We hoped to use the adaptability that human genes seemed to possess with the damaged genes of our people. It worked. Your cute little mammalian genes helped repair the issue in our avian DNA." She let her guard down and let me feel her genuine regret.

"So? What? Do I have to repopulate your whole race?" I tried to make light of my situation. 

Danzi smiled and giggled, "Yes and no," she said, "we can hold and recombine the samples we took for about a week, but your human seed does not remain viable in frozen ovum like our cloned samples do and it does not seem to retain its structure like ours when it's cloned. So we need regular samples. Thankfully for you, you can give them in very comfortable... even pleasurable ways..." She blushed this time. The empress will be here tomorrow and detail your actual rights and duties." However, there are good benefits." She pointed to my crotch and I looked under the blankets. I didn't remember being that endowed. We both blushed.

"Yes," there were some side-effects, "You're as... big as the biggest male on record... because we used him for his superlative genes... anyway, while you lack the four testicles of our males your mammalian-avian DNA mix has enlarged them out of your species' norms, but we don't see any hampering of activity." 

I looked down again and they were quite large, about the size of golf balls, my dick was bigger, but I knew I wasn't fully aroused so there was no telling. 

"The fascinating side-effect is that your testicles are now two hundred percent more effective than either your or males of my species. I don't think you want the anatomical specifics." She was reading my emotions again. "Don't be mad, please. We just—"

"No, it's okay... It's just a lot to get my head around."

"Humans get their heads around—"

"I mean process."

"Oh." 

"I think I'll be okay with it. I mean, I always wanted to go into space, and I mean this is the dream to make contact with an alien race." I yawned. 

Danzi began to fuss, "Your metabolism is still trying to adjust."

"That and I'm cold." I said.

"We live on a cold planet, Leon. There are methods to alleviate that." She sauntered away and I frowned. I must have let something through because she assured me she'd be right back. Oh and was she, with considerably less professional attire. It looked to be a nightgown of a silky shiny material. It didn't have lace but had ribbons across the top of the shoulders showing off bits of flesh. The neckline plunged down, but it was modest enough. The color of choice was black with the ribbons being white.
