 The client relationship manager beamed at me from where she sat behind her desk. I was perched on the edge of a plush chair before her, anxious to be done with the preliminaries. 

"This is a big day for you, Solace! Is it okay if I call you Solace?" she added quickly.

"That's fine," I said, forcing a smile. 

"And please call me Phoebe. I'm here to help you with anything you might need. Our company values each and every client, and we want to make sure you are completely satisfied." 

My smile widened over her choice of words: completely satisfied. Here I was, a woman purchasing a robot for sexual purposes, so Phoebe's phrase seemed more than fitting. 

Phoebe glanced down at the paperwork on her desk. "So you've completed the application process, as well as the multi-section questionnaire."

I thought back to the questionnaire and grimaced. Every evening for two weeks when I came home from work, I had logged in to the company's secure portal and answered what felt like an endless number of questions, revealing almost everything about myself. Because I was interested in a robot not only for household help but also for sex, I shared benign facts such as my favorite food and color, and also extremely personal ones such as whether I was capable of having an orgasm, and if so, was it vaginal or clitoral or both?

Phoebe looked up and saw my expression. "I know," she said in a commiserating tone, "that questionnaire is a chore, but answering it as completely and honestly as possible will help your companion to perform at the optimum level."

I nodded, reminding myself that the term "robot" was frowned upon here. Everyone I'd spoken to preferred "companion," claiming it dispelled the stigma that was rampant in our society. Of course, I was about to spend an obscene amount of money on one of these companions, so I figured I could call it my fuck buddy and Phoebe wouldn't even blink.

I guessed that the stack of papers Phoebe now studied included statements revealing my financial position. She knew before I ever set foot in her office that cost wasn't a factor for me, and I was sure she planned to skip right over the refurbished models and take me straight to the top-of-the-line inventory. 

"Speaking of your questionnaire," Phoebe said, "I noticed that you didn't complete the section dealing with past traumatic experiences." Before I could answer, she hurriedly went on. "Of course it's your prerogative not to share that information, but your companion won't have access to that data, and so you'll need to explain to him if a certain word or behavior is upsetting to you."

I gave her a quick nod. "I understand."

"Also, you didn't describe the specific characteristics you're looking for in your companion, and that's absolutely fine. Plenty of our clients aren't sure exactly what they want until they browse our selection and get a chance to interact with different companions."

"I think I fall into that category," I said. I planned to make Phoebe's job easy today—no haggling over the price or what extra features I was willing to pay for. Instead, I leaned forward and told her, "I'd like to see your latest models."

Phoebe grinned. "Fantastic!" Her voice was downright gleeful, a contrast to her tailored suit and hair pulled into a prim bun. She was like a girl playing dress-up, but I assumed that she excelled at her job, or else the company wouldn't have her in such an important role. "If you'll follow me, we'll go down the hall to the sitting room. All of our latest male designs are there for you to meet now. Of course, if you see a particular companion that you like but wish to make some modifications, we can take care of that."

We left Phoebe's office and walked down a long, quiet corridor. Her heels clicked on the tile. I guessed that we were about the same age, in our late thirties, but this woman was completely different from me, so chatty and ebullient. "This is always such an exciting experience for me, introducing a client to the companions we have to offer," she said. "It's honestly why I love my job."

Phoebe didn't seem to take it personally that I wasn't talkative; maybe she was used to clients' initial discomfort. Sure, lots of wealthy families purchased a companion to do the cooking and cleaning, but a single woman like me, living alone and looking for a robot primarily for sex? There certainly was a stigma surrounding that in our society. I was well aware that it was much more accepted and common for men to purchase companions for sexual purposes, but it was rare to hear of a woman doing so. 

We stopped in front of a closed door, and Phoebe stood still for a retinal scan in order to gain access. A soft beep sounded, letting us know that we could enter. 

I didn't know what to expect as we stepped into the room. It was large and tastefully furnished. To my left was a loveseat, and across from that a sofa. There was even a neatly made bed at the very back of the room. Chairs in the early twentieth-century style, newly popular right now, were placed strategically throughout the room. The lighting was soft and flattering. I noticed there were no windows.

I also noticed that more than a dozen male companions turned to face us, each wearing a welcoming smile. "Good afternoon, gentlemen," Phoebe said to them as she closed the door behind us.

"Hello, Phoebe," each of them said in greeting. 

"Say hello to our guest, Solace."

"Hi, Solace," they replied in unison.

I couldn't help but stare at these creations in awe. They were so incredibly... real. Older models had resembled humans, but something in their mannerisms gave them away as robots. That flaw had been ironed out now, and I found myself feeling self-conscious as they regarded me. 

Many of them stood in small groups, as though they'd been chatting before we arrived. For all I knew, they had. Several sat in chairs, and one—a tall model whose bulging biceps were evident beneath the sleeves of the shirt he wore—lounged on the sofa. When our eyes met, his smile widened. It seemed as if he knew exactly why he was made and why I was here. I quickly looked away. 

Phoebe noticed my expression. "Aren't they just amazing?" she gushed. "We've made such advances with the technology. As you interact with them, you'll find that they already have different personalities. Our scientists allowed them some discretion as to what they wanted to learn during their programming. Some followed intellectual pursuits, while others developed a passion for sports." 

She approached the model sitting on the sofa. He raised his head to meet her eyes. "You're quite the soccer fan, aren't you, Wade?" she asked him.

"I sure am." His gaze swept over Phoebe's shapely body. 

I drew closer and tilted my head to study Wade. His features were chiseled, and his dark hair was full and thick. "He's practically oozing testosterone," I said.

Phoebe laughed. "Many female clients prefer that. However, if you find Wade physically attractive but don't care for his personality, he can be reprogrammed to meet your preferences."

I narrowed my eyes, waiting to see Wade's reaction to what Phoebe said. I could have sworn that his confident smile faltered a bit. "That's okay. I'd like to keep looking."

"Absolutely." Phoebe started toward another model lingering near the bed at the back of the room, but I stopped short. 

A model sat in a chair beside a tall bookcase to my left. Our eyes met, and he gave me a soft smile. I noticed that he held a book in his hands. It was now closed, but his slender index finger was tucked between the pages, marking the place where he'd left off reading. 

Phoebe returned to my side. "See someone you like?" she asked, then followed my stare. "Ah, that's Luke." I thought I detected a note of fondness in her voice, and she leaned closer to me, as if she didn't want the companions to hear her. "He's one of my favorites, but for some reason, he's not as popular as some of the others. Several clients said they found him too serious."

Luke stood and set the book on a small table before approaching us. Like Wade, he was tall, but his frame was wiry. He wore a button-down shirt and dress pants. I wondered if he had chosen those clothes. His dark blond hair was short and neat, and as he drew closer, I saw that his eyes were hazel. 

He held out his hand to me, and I reached to take it. I wasn't sure what I'd expected, but his skin was warm like mine. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Solace," he said. 

I swallowed hard as I stared up at him. "Likewise, Luke." My pulse quickened, and I was reminded of how I felt many years ago, when I was a young woman in the throes of infatuation at the start of my first real romantic relationship. 

Luke looked to Phoebe expectantly, and she smiled affectionately at him. "Tell Solace what you're reading right now."

His expression brightened. "Beowulf," he replied.

"And are you enjoying it?" Phoebe asked.

"Very much." He turned back to me. "Do you like to read, Solace?"

I couldn't hold back my grin. "I do."

"Luke is insatiable when it comes to learning new things," Phoebe said. "He's requested a number of different books to read. I told him that we can upload any book into his memory, and he already has a huge number installed, but he prefers to read physical books. He's also an excellent cook. If you give him a recipe and the ingredients, he can make any dish."

"That's certainly a plus," I told her. "I'm a nightmare in the kitchen."

"Like all of our models, Luke has the appropriate clearance that enables him to enter the city in order to shop or take care of other errands for you."

I couldn't imagine sending him into the city. As much as I was prepared to spend on him, I would be afraid to let him out of my sight, even for a short shopping trip.

Decades ago, shopping was rendered mostly obsolete when scores of aerial robots filled the sky, delivering ordered goods. That was until hundreds were hacked and transformed into guided missiles, wreaking havoc and bringing about major loss of life and property. 

After that event, people who didn't like to go out to stores had goods delivered via self-navigating vehicles. But there were still those who preferred to shop at a physical store, just as people had been doing for hundreds of years. 

"Can he be hacked?" I asked Phoebe now.

She looked as though she'd heard that question a thousand times. "As we all know, nothing in this world is 100% hack-proof, but our models come very close. Our company's security technology is second to none—it's the same used to safeguard every vehicle out there on the streets right now. We've never had a single breach."

I nodded. There was something about Luke that indeed was different from the others; he seemed more open, unguarded in a way that struck me as vulnerable. I knew it was my imagination, that I was projecting my own wants onto him, but that was what he was made for, wasn't it?

"He's the one I want," I said.

For once, Phoebe sounded flustered. "Um, wouldn't you like to spend more time with him, Solace? We have a private room so that you two can become better acquainted. Luke will undress for you there so that you can make sure you find every aspect of his appearance attractive." She placed a hand on Luke's shoulder. "You wouldn't mind undressing for Solace, would you, Luke?" she asked him.

The right side of Luke's mouth turned upward in a half smile. He looked... wry, and I wasn't sure how he managed it. "Not at all," he replied. 

"That won't be necessary," I insisted. I knew I wouldn't be able to gain any clearer of an impression of Luke in this atmosphere. It was a time when I had to trust my gut, and my gut said that he would work out perfectly when we were alone in my home. "He's the one I want."

Now Luke grinned. Without thinking, I reached out to grab his hand. As he brought my hand to his lips and softly kissed my palm, I wondered when and where he'd learned to do such a thing. 

"Well alright then!" Phoebe said. "It appears we have a perfect match! But if not, our company has an extremely flexible return policy. We will also be happy to modify any characteristics Luke might have developed during his programming that you find you don't care for. He's such a fast and enthusiastic learner, though, that if you're willing to work with him a bit to let him know just what you like, I can assure you he will adjust his behavior to please you." 

Phoebe turned back to Luke. "Luke, say goodbye to Solace. You two will be seeing each other again very soon."

Luke stepped toward me and brushed his lips against my cheek. "I look forward to it," he said in a low voice. 

My entire body responded to his words, flushing with a sudden need. The heat coursed through me and settled between my thighs. Already, he had this effect on me. I hadn't felt such longing in years.

"Have a good evening, gentlemen," Phoebe called as she and I went to the door. I glanced over my shoulder toward Luke just before I left. He stood in the same spot, his smile never wavering as he watched me. 

When we were back in the corridor, Phoebe checked that the door was securely locked behind us. "Luke was very taken with you!" she said, as if we were girls gossiping over a crush. 

I stared at her, confused. "But... doesn't he act that way with every client?"

Phoebe shook her head. "I think he could detect when a client wasn't interested, and that influenced his demeanor somewhat. He often came across as standoffish. Now if you give Wade a chance, he won't stop trying to charm the pants off of you!" She released a sigh. "By this time, I shouldn't be surprised at how different they are, but I still am."

"How does the company manage to... make them that way?" I asked.

Phoebe winked at me. "That's a trade secret. And honestly? I'm not smart enough to understand all the complicated technology. I just know what I see and also what I experience when I interact with each of them." We began walking down the hall toward her office. "So I have just a few more forms for you to sign, including your purchase contract."

As I sat before her desk once more, Phoebe went over the details of my service warranty. "As you can see, we offer 24-hour assistance. If Luke malfunctions in any way, contact us and we'll immediately send someone to take care of the problem." 

She glanced over a checklist. "Also included in your purchase—Luke's charging station. It's small and compact, and he needs to recharge for four hours each day. He'll also receive updates during this time. He can do this when you're at work, or after you've fallen asleep. Also, behind his left ear is a small button beneath the skin. You can press that to put him into sleep mode. If you're not interacting with him, it's a good way to save energy."

I tried not to look surprised. Is that what many people did? Put their companions into sleep mode when they got tired of them or didn't require them for anything? 

Phoebe's face grew serious. "I also need to go over something with you that you're already aware of if you've read the purchase contract. As I'm sure you know, there was recently an unfortunate incident involving a companion and her owner."

Another interesting choice of words: unfortunate incident. I knew just what Phoebe was referring to, as it had been all over the news. A female companion had killed her owner while he was sleeping. 

"The companion involved in that incident was not made by our company," Phoebe said, "and to be honest, the technology used to create that particular model is far inferior to ours. Never in our years of selling thousands of companions have we had any problem with violent behavior. In fact, our scientists have put extra safeguards in place to prevent anything like that from happening. Also, the technician that will be delivering Luke to your home will install a panic button in every room of your house. Hit that button, and it deactivates Luke immediately."

"Okay." I took a deep breath. 

"Our safety record is outstanding, with zero negative events. If you think about it, having a companion in your home is much safer than sharing your living space with a human."

"You have a point there," I said.

However..." Phoebe indicated a paragraph in the contract I was about to sign. "We cannot anticipate every single event or possible malfunction that might occur, so it's important that you read this paragraph, which limits our liability in the event that your interaction with Luke results in harm to you."

I read over the paragraph, feeling a knot in my stomach.

"As I said before," Phoebe went on, "we've never had any kind of problem, but theoretically, if a client were to expose a companion to violent or abusive behavior and encourage that behavior from the companion in turn, then our safety features could possibly be overridden."

I shook my head. "Who would do something like that?"

Phoebe sighed. "Well, none of our clients have, but in the incident that made the news recently, I understand that the owner was extremely abusive to his companion, and she finally retaliated."

"That sounds more like a human than a... robot," I said, uttering the forbidden word.

Phoebe leaned toward me. "That's the amazing thing about these companions, and something many people don't understand. The more you interact with them, the more they continue to learn and evolve. They're not human, but in that regard, they're very similar." 

She searched my face for a reaction, but I was too lost in thought to worry about what my expression might reveal. "Do you have any questions for me right now, Solace?"

I shook my head. "I'm sure I'll have a million questions later, but right now, I can't think of a single one."

She laughed and handed me a business card. "Call me any time with questions. Also—" She took a thick book out of her desk drawer. "This is your owner's manual. I realize it's a lot of information, but it has a quick guide at the front, and also an extensive index. It can answer a lot of questions that you might have."

I took the book from her and looked at the cover. It had a companion on the front that was handsome in a generic way.

"There's an entire section that addresses all of the features Luke has when you're intimate with him," Phoebe said. "For instance, his penis can monitor moisture in your vaginal region, which will let him know that you're sufficiently lubricated for comfortable intercourse."

I cleared my throat. "That is... uh, impressive."

"Isn't it?" She picked up a pen and gave it to me so that I could sign the contract. "I think we're all set then. Just sign and date the bottom of the contract, and our programmers will begin uploading the data from your questionnaire into Luke's memory. By the time you see him again, he'll know a lot about you and will use that information to interact with you in the way you desire."

Before I could lose my nerve, I signed and dated the contract. "And when will I see him again?"

"The uploading process doesn't take long. By Thursday, he'll be ready for delivery. What's a good time for the technician to bring him to your home that day?"

"I can be home early. Would two that afternoon work?" I asked.

"That would be great. It will give the technician a chance to set everything up and go over all the details with you."

We stood, and Phoebe handed me my copy of the contract. "It's been a pleasure to meet you, Solace. I think you picked out a fantastic model." Her eyes grew wistful for a moment. "To be honest, I'm going to miss him."

I smiled. "Do you have a companion at home?"

"Only for chores, and she's great at that." Phoebe shrugged. "But several years ago, I decided to be foolish and marry a human. Sometimes, I really do wish I could put him in sleep mode."

I laughed, thinking she was joking, but she just shook my hand and said, "Enjoy Luke."
