 I spent most of my time at work that day trying to focus on the tasks before me, but I kept thinking of Luke and wondering what he was doing at that moment. I hadn't asked him to complete any specific chores, and I knew he would need to spend hours recharging, but how was he spending the rest of his time? 

I remembered his fingers expertly stroking my clit in the shower that morning and almost moaned as I sat at my desk. Thinking of his hard cock ready to enter me made me instantly wet. 

"Solace, I have some great news," a voice spoke from my office doorway, and I looked up sharply, as if I'd been caught doing something wrong. 

It was Carl, my boss as well as the CEO of the company. He strolled into my office and sank down into one of the chairs in front of my desk, wearing a grin that meant he was planning to make a lot of money. His silver hair was recently cut, and the suit he wore was custom-made. 

"What's going on?" I asked, setting aside some documents that provided the results from numerous field samples.

"We have a potential big-time client. I want to catch this fish and reel him in before the competition gets him. This guy owns close to a thousand acres and would like to know what we can do for him, remediation-wise. He's got some big development plans." Carl leaned forward and rubbed his hands together eagerly.

"How did you meet him?" I wanted to know. 

"At a fundraiser this past weekend. A mutual friend introduced us, and the rest, as they used to say, is history." Carl gave me a self-satisfied smile. "Oh, and I was sure to drop your name during our conversation, said you're our top consultant and that I have no doubt you'll be able to work with him and come up with a plan that will meet his needs. He said that you two go back a ways, and he's looking forward to working with you."

I raised an eyebrow. "Now I'm intrigued. What's this guy's name?"

Carl told me, then waited for my reaction. I felt my face grow pale; it was as if someone had splashed my insides with a bucket of ice water. I drew in a shaky breath and pushed myself back from the desk. "Oh, my God," I managed to choke out the words.

Carl frowned. "Solace, what's wrong?" he demanded, concern creeping into his voice. He'd always seen himself as something like a father figure to me, and now he stood and came around the desk. When he placed a hand on my shoulder, I jerked away from him.

Clenching my hands into fists, I rested them on the desk before me and said through my teeth, "I cannot—will not—work with that man."

"Solace, I don't understand..."

"There's nothing to understand!" I practically shouted, and I could hear colleagues outside my office begin to speak in hushed voices. "Close the door, Carl."

My boss wasn't the type of man to take orders, but he did as I said, then turned back to me. "Will you tell me what the hell is going on?"

I felt tears threatening to betray me. "You have to trust me on this one. Dahlia can handle your new favorite client," I said bitterly, then hurriedly added, "but tell her she should never be alone with him."

Carl ran a hand through his hair, seething with frustration. "By God, Solace, you owe me an explanation."

I slapped my hand on the desk, hard enough to make my palm sting. "You want a fucking explanation?" I hissed. Carl's eyes widened, and I wondered if I looked as out of control as I felt. "That man assaulted me five years ago. He almost destroyed my life. Is that enough of a goddamn explanation for you?"

The truth had finally spilled from me like something foul, and I was suddenly exhausted. I slumped back in my chair, shaking all over.

A heavy silence filled the room; I could only hear my uneven breathing. "For fuck's sake," Carl whispered. He yanked at his tie, loosening it a little. "I had no idea."

"Of course you didn't," I said, unable to meet his stare. 

Carl knelt beside my chair, peering up into my face. "Solace, this man could offer us all the money in the world, and I'd never take him on as a client. Not now. And I'm sorry."

The tears burst from me then. Pressing a hand to my lips, I tried to stifle the sobs, but Carl simply pulled me into an awkward embrace. "Do you want to go to the police?" he asked.

"No," I said through my tears. "No, it's too late for that."

Carl rubbed my back, and I clung to him, getting tears and snot on the front of his suit jacket. He kept saying he was sorry, and I cried harder. Never had Carl seen me be anything other than completely professional. I felt vulnerable and sick and ashamed crying this way. 

Somehow, I'd managed to wall off that past trauma, to convince myself I would never have to face it again. All the defenses I'd constructed in order to keep going had just crumbled at the mention of that man's name.

Carl offered me a clean handkerchief. "I'll take care of everything, Solace. Why don't you head home early and get some rest?"

I nodded, realizing that it was useless to try to continue working that afternoon. After Carl left my office, I gathered my things and fled, not bothering to say goodbye to anyone. I could feel my colleagues' stares on me, and I knew the gossip mill would be churning relentlessly for a long while.

Once I was in my vehicle, I leaned back in the seat and closed my eyes. Though it was over ninety degrees outside, I couldn't stop shaking. Memories of what happened to me long ago flooded my mind, and I wanted nothing more than to find a way to erase them, to keep them from eating me alive. 

Suddenly I could smell him again. The vehicle seemed filled with his scent, and I pressed the back of my hand to my lips, feeling sick. 

When I arrived home, I staggered to the door and let myself in. Even though I was early, Luke must have been waiting for me, because when I stepped inside, he was standing before me, so close and yet seemingly miles away. 

His smile faded when he saw my face. "You're home early," he said. "Are you ill?"

I started to say yes. I started to grab his hands and beg him to tell me how to make this agony inside me go away. For once, I wanted to be like him. 

Instead I cleared my throat and ran a hand over my hair, trying to smooth the tangled strands. "I'm fine. It's just been a long day."

"Can I get you anything, Solace? Would you like to rest?" Luke drew nearer, looking even more anxious as his eyes searched my face. He was trying to get a read on me; surely he was confused as to why I was so changed from when I'd left that morning.

Now I did take his hand. "The plan hasn't changed, Luke. I want you to fuck me."

I had to feel something other than this grief and pain and shame. I had to lose myself in the physical sensation of Luke in order to escape the demons chasing me. With his hands and his mouth and his cock, he could banish them. 

Wordlessly we walked down the hall to my room. I noticed that he'd dressed carefully in his best suit; his appearance was immaculate. Had he been trying to impress me? The thought made my heart ache in my chest, and I swallowed fresh tears. 

The heat and humidity outside had ushered in a storm, and the room was cast in deep shadow. Thunder rumbled in the distance. "Take off your clothes," I ordered Luke, then hurriedly stepped out of my heels before I removed my blouse and skirt. I made no attempt at seduction as I stripped, and Luke rushed to match my pace. 

When we both stood naked beside my bed, I pulled back the covers. "Lie down," I said. 

Luke's expression didn't betray what he was thinking. He merely did as I told him, and I climbed into the bed with him. 

We lay on our sides, facing each other. As he reached for me, I tried not to flinch. Instead I guided his mouth to my breasts, and when his lips circled my right nipple, I let out a relieved moan. I buried my fingers in his hair, losing myself in the sensation of his tongue swirling over my skin. His suckling was gentle, and I wished he would use his teeth. 

Impatiently I slipped a hand between us and wrapped my fingers around his cock. Luke groaned, his mouth still full of my tit. In spite of everything, I grew wet as I urgently stroked him, coaxing his erection. 

"Get on top," I whispered, and when Luke settled his weight on top of my body, I tried not to panic. I would not let the past control me, I told myself. 

Luke gazed down at me, and I had trouble meeting his eyes. When he began lowering his mouth to mine, I quickly turned my head, avoiding his kiss. I couldn't stand opening myself up to him that way, not right now. Maybe not ever.

"Just fuck me," I told him.

Luke frowned. "Don't you want me to lick your clit, the way you showed me yesterday?" Before I could answer, he added, "Because I'd love to, Solace. I want to taste you again."

I wrapped my arms and legs around him. "No, no, we have to hurry," I said in a rush.

But his movements were slow, languid. He pressed his lips to my shoulder and murmured, "Why do we have to hurry?"

"Because I need you inside me right now," I replied, reaching for his cock again. And it was true—I needed him inside my cunt, inside my head. I needed to be filled with him until there wasn't room for anything else. If I had to feel pain, let it come from Luke, I decided. 

Yet Luke made no move to enter me. His lips lingered over my breasts, and his fingers slid between my thighs to graze my clit. 

"No," I insisted, my voice sharper than I'd intended, and Luke looked up at me in surprise. "I mean it. I'm ready for you to fuck me." I took his cock in my hand and positioned the head at my entrance. "I can feel you're ready, too."

"Alright," Luke said, as if trying to placate me. I bit my lip and stared at the ceiling as he readied himself. 

He began easing his cock into my cunt, as if he thought moving quickly would cause me pain. Though his cock stretched me to the point of discomfort, I wanted to scream in frustration. I didn't want to give my body time to adjust to his size, but as I studied his face, I noticed the wonder in his eyes while he basked in this new experience. 

He sank all the way into me, and when I clenched my muscles around him, squeezing his cock, he cried out. 

"I had no idea," Luke said, his voice strained, "that it would feel this way."

I knew I should ask him how it felt, let him articulate the sensations coursing through him at that moment. But I was selfish with my own pain. Sliding my hands down his back, I gripped his ass. 

"Fuck me," I said, my words almost a growl.

Luke increased his pace, staring down at me as if I were a puzzle he was trying to solve. I gave myself over to the feeling of his cock moving in and out of my cunt, focusing my attention on each thrust. 

Luke gasped as he rolled his hips, reaching places inside me I never could. "You feel so fucking good," he moaned. I couldn't close my eyes, so I stared over his right shoulder, fighting to stay present and not let myself return to what had happened years ago.

The sound of Luke's sighs and murmurs, his groans and cries, filled the room. I didn't know if that was natural for him, or if he was only remembering the preference that I'd listed on the questionnaire when I revealed that I desired a vocal lover. 

The rhythm of his hips slowed, and he tried to kiss me once more. Again I turned from him. He kissed my neck, pressing his tongue against my skin as he grew still inside me.

I gripped his shoulders. "Luke," I said, finally staring hard at him, "there's a difference between making love and fucking, and I am certain you've been programmed to understand that." He didn't reply, but I felt his body tense beneath my hands. "When I say I want you to fuck me, that's what I mean. Do what I tell you."

Without warning, he thrust into me with a force that made me gasp. "That's it," I urged him. "Just like that."

Luke continued thrusting, grunting as though it were an effort, when I knew his strength was extraordinary. As his body pounded into mine, the bed's headboard smacked into the wall, but still I said, "Fuck me harder."

Again he grew motionless, remaining inside me. "Any harder and I might injure you," he told me. "I've already detected a small laceration—"

"For God's sake, just do what I say!" I shouted in his face.

Luke set his lips in a firm line. "No."

My eyes widened in disbelief. I could smell my sweat and panic and need, and it made my head swim. "Are you... disobeying me?"

Luke didn't shy away from my fury or avert his stare. "Your well-being is my first priority, Solace," he said. "Even if you request it, I won't hurt you."

I tried to sputter a response, but his refusal left me speechless. Finally I hissed, "Get the fuck off me, Luke."

He eased out of me, as careful as ever, and I winced as the head of his cock slid out of my cunt. Now I was empty and sore and lost, and Luke sat on the edge of the bed, his back to me. 

Rain pelted the windows as I watched his shoulders rise and fall with his deep breaths. "Luke," I said softly, but he didn't reply. I sat up quickly. "Luke?"

"I need a moment, Solace."

I didn't recognize his voice; it sounded so cold and mechanical. What was wrong with him? What was he doing?

I crawled over to Luke and slipped my arms around him. "I'm sorry," I whispered, tears coating the words. "I'm so sorry I behaved the way I did."

Luke's tense muscles slackened a bit, and he slowly turned toward me. As he climbed back onto the bed, sitting next to me, I studied his profile. His expression revealed nothing. With a shaking hand, I touched his face. 

"I promise I will be kinder," I told him. "There's something wrong with me, and I had hoped you could fix it."

"By hurting you?" he asked, and I flinched at the utter confusion in his voice. How unfair this was to him, I realized, to bring him into my home, into my bed, and act this way. I didn't understand my own behavior, so how could he?

I remembered what Phoebe had told me about the safeguards installed in Luke to keep him from harming me. Asking him to fuck me until I was in pain was like asking him to go against his very instincts. I couldn't believe I'd been so cruel. 

Sliding into his lap, I cupped his face in my hands. "Please forgive me," I said.

Luke's stare locked with mine, and he gave me a tender smile. The relief I felt made me go weak. "I forgive you," he replied.

Tracing his lips with my fingertips, I said, "I'd like you to make love to me in the way that you want to, Luke. You always say that you have some discretion as to how you act, and I'd like you to use it." 

He curled a strand of my hair around his finger, feeling its silkiness. "You've never kissed me. Do you realize that, Solace? And I want to kiss you." His stare was fixed on my mouth. "I want to know what it feels like."

I smiled, overcome with emotion for this being who was so patient and gentle with me. "I would love for you to kiss me."

Luke pressed his lips to mine. At first his kiss was tentative, even awkward, and I realized that it was an act that he couldn't master by watching or studying. Kissing was something one actually had to do in order to become good at it. 

But as he'd said before, he was a fast learner.

Our kiss deepened, and when I slipped my tongue past Luke's lips, he groaned. I felt him grow hard once more, his cock nestled between us. 

I broke the kiss, trying to catch my breath. My cunt throbbed with the need to be filled by him again. I wrapped my arms and legs around him. "Make love to me, Luke, please..." I begged.

He cupped my ass in his hands and effortlessly lifted me upward. Still clinging to his neck, I used my free hand to reach between us and guide his cock to my entrance. Then Luke slowly lowered me onto the entire length of him. 

I gasped and let my head fall back. "So deep..." I breathed.

"How does it feel?" Luke asked softly.

"You feel incredible," I told him. 

I surrendered myself to him completely, but this time I was giving myself to pleasure instead of pain. 

"This is how I want to see you," Luke said in a low voice. "Flushed and breathing hard and overcome with the pleasure I can give." Again he lifted me and then settled me all the way back onto his cock. I found that I loved him controlling my every movement. 

Luke looked down to see his cock sliding in and out of my pussy. "I love being inside you."

I slipped a hand between my legs, rubbing my clit while he fucked me. His pace quickened, and my cunt made wet sounds each time he lowered me down his shaft. 

Our eyes met, and I saw that his skin was flushed as well. I kissed his mouth, and he eagerly returned the kiss.

"You're doing all the work," I said playfully. "Why don't you lie back and let me ride you?"

Luke grinned and lay against the bed, his head on my pillow. Pressing a hand against his chest, I moved my hips in small circles, rocking back and forth, reveling in the feel of his cock so deep inside me. 

I threw my head back and cried out when his hands cupped my breasts. His fingers fondled my hard nipples, and as I rode his cock, my thighs began to shake. 

"I'm so close," I whimpered. 

Luke rested his hands on my hips, and I let him take over my rhythm. He wanted it fast and hard as we both neared climax. 

I was so desperate to come, feeling the tension build in my core, that I leaned forward, balancing on my knees as I pressed my breasts to Luke's chest. "Take me," I pleaded, my voice high and thin.

Luke knew just what I meant. He gripped my ass once more and then bucked his hips upward, thrusting deep inside me. Again I was held suspended, motionless and clinging to him as he fucked me. I was so wet, he didn't need to worry about causing me any pain. Our eyes met, and I grinned down at him. 

"Yes, yes, yes!" I cried every time he buried his cock all the way inside my cunt. "I'm gonna come... Luke, I'm right there!"

"Come for me, baby," he said. "Come all over my cock."

Those words triggered the orgasm that had been building within me. It was so powerful, I couldn't make a sound as it gripped my body and held me fast, then released me again before another series of spasms made my pussy milk Luke's cock. It was such a delicious feeling, that pressure and then the release, wave upon wave of it.

Luke shouted and thrust deep inside me one more time before he came. I watched as he clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut, giving himself over to the intensity of it. And I knew then that those scientists who created Luke had found a way to allow him to feel pleasure. I was so grateful to realize that Luke meant it when he said I made him feel good with my mouth and my hands and my cunt. 

I fell against him, my body slick with sweat. He wrapped his arms around me, and I listened to what sounded like a heart beating rapidly inside his chest. 

"Thank you," he whispered, and I raised my head to stare up at him.

"I should be thanking you," I said. "You knew what I needed long before I did, Luke."

He smiled and slid his hands over my back. I couldn't be imagining how happy he looked at that moment, I told myself. 

We lay together for a long time in silence, and as the storm passed outside, I began telling Luke about myself in a quiet voice. He already knew some of the details from the questionnaire, but I wanted him to hear it all from me directly. 

"My father died when I was small; I have only hazy memories of him," I revealed. "It was a brain aneurysm, very sudden. My mother never got over losing him. Just before I started college, she decided to join one of those communes up north. You know the ones where you live off the land and shun technology? She wanted me to go with her, and when I refused, she left without me. I haven't heard from her since." I forced a smile to hide the twinge of pain I still felt when I thought of her. "I hope she has a nice life there."
