 I believe I love her.

I'd catch her every morning picking flowers nearby my cabin. There was something ethereal about her. Elegantly dipping just above each flower. I secretly watched and plotted for seven months straight. For some reason I thought she'd always known I'd been watching her. And for the first time she smiled at me. All of it was in slow motion the sun captured her aura it was yellow beaming. Noir polished hair fell softly, I wondered how she kept it so sleek in such dry weather especially here in the mountains. 

Amber eyes looked fearlessly back into my grey ones matching my lingered stare. A beautiful purple flowered gown flowed effortlessly around her divine figure. I could no longer watch as a bystander. She would be apart of my world. I noticed beautiful sparkling gems shining from her right ankle, wrist, fingers, and neckline. What a divine sight, aurelian skin, pink full lips, I couldn't help myself. Effortlessly I began to walk towards her.

"You're trespassing on private land miss. Caught you around here several times. I'm gonna have to ask you to not to let me catch you here picking my flowers anytime soon after today."

"You want me here. This land is our land. Why did you choose today to tell me to go? Is it because you can't take the sight of me anymore?"

Frowning her tone so candid my loins tightened as I felt my cheeks reddened. Watching her stand upon her own two feet confidently replying without question. A sweet musky aroma formed around her driving me mentally unstable as I stood firm unmoved against her. A tall gorgeous breathtaking sight that made me question my intentions. Why was I picking a fight?

"I see no trespassing signs." A wicked smile crossed her smooth lips. As they began to split slightly open..forming unheard words. It was like watching a silent powerful wind speak. My bones grew weak, knees started to buckle, I had no way to stand...my body uncontrollably lowered itself kneeling in front of this woman. 

"What the fuck are you?" It felt unnatural to be rude to this sacred creature. I didn't want to feel less than her yet here I was immobilized crouched position in servitude. Her eyes of fire smirked. Egotistically she ran her hands down my long red hair. 

"This is where you exist for me. On your knees." 

Her hands crept behind my hair delicately each finger coaxed my strands. Our eyes met, for some odd reason I was immobilized by this woman and no longer able to speak. "Now you breath me in." Hastily I felt my face pressed into the fabric covering her womanhood. Between threads underneath she was bare. Her instantaneous command was followed without a second wasted from me. 

"I will hear you and feel you take in my aroma." 

My head began moving side to sniffing her intoxicating scent. I even desired to have my face plastered on her nude skin. She amplified all my senses. She was every floral arrangement and every mixed sweet oil, sensuality dripped from her spice. Yes I desired her and despised her power all at the same time. My head was burning from her eroticism. There was no one but us in this hilly forest but I felt the eyes of birds and invisible entities watching us. 

Yanking back my hair in a hazard motion. Eyes of flame looked into mine once more. 

"I am the Goddess of this land therefore you are my slave. You offer to me your thanks for all I have given you. None of this would exist without my regular visits. And without your appetite to witness my presence. I appealed to your senses the first time you laid eyes on me your soul always welcomed me. But you are most disrespectful in your words and actions. I will have you realize you need to feed me. You are now my pleasure and I am your God."

Releasing her grip she paced backwards. Hair swaying in ease back in forth as her beautifully bare feet took one step back never losing eye contact. I'd forgotten suddenly we were in the midst of the completing sunrise. Here the sun as her companion reflected from her golden skin. Dainty fingers traced towards the ending slits of her gown rising up languidly. 

Rising above her ankles, revealing smooth legs, I heard her breath in the stillness of nature. Her bosom heaved. Anticipation ruled our hearts together. She had the most opulent pleasing thighs smooth vivid long legs. Indescribable beauty unmatched in any woman I'd ever seen. Higher she lifted to expose her secret garden. I could smell her sweet arousal heavily now. 

It was the first time my eyes focused solely else where beside her eyes. I'd never witnessed such a sight. Was I capturing art in real time? Jet colored pubic hairs groomed smoothly into a V even there her skin blossomed boldly. My mouth watered eagerly almost knowingly I knew I would taste her. 

"I am of service to you without question."

She looked at me feverishly smiling. As she began to speak unspoken whispered words once more. And my body was freed. My hands found the ground huffing on all fours. Craving I thought nothing more but to crawl to her...to taste her now dripping delicacy. How often does a bearded mountain man crawl on his knees in Levi jeans animalistic in need to a random stranger guilty of unlawful entry on their private land?

"Come to me. It is our land, I've been here for centuries as it's guardian and you're the first to ever witness me and able to speak with me. And you're quite ungrateful for all that you have. Now you will serve." 

Serve..I stared in her pink pussy lips.

"That's right, marvel at my essence. What do you say?"

"Thank you Goddess."

"How the fuck did that come so naturally for me?" I thought in amazement..she has bewitched me. I could see her harden pearl and wetness oozing out. 

"I am your God you exist for me in this moment to please me. Now inhale."

Her hands clutched my head forcibly pressing my nostrils into her abode I sniffed and snuffed at her sex. 

"That's right breath me in. Keep your mouth closed pull my scent into your being steed."

She talked to me as if I was belonged in this moment underneath her and I felt such an unexplainable urge that I did. I wanted her to hear me suffocating inside her midst. My body was in so much heat for her she'd known all along.

Straining my head away from her fruit...sweetly laughing she turned bending her ass in front of me.

"Spread open my ass."

My firm hands quickly clenched her taunt compact ass. It was pillow soft lustrous how could I put up a fight against her? 

"What do you expect I want you to do now steed."

I was hypnotized by the smell of her, almost drunk. This time I pressed my nose into the crease of her crack...all into my face. 

"No! Not without my command!" Her adjuration sent me into confusion. "You have no right to be beneath me I chose you. Stick out your tongue. Let me see it." Looking over her shoulder whilst gripping my hair I stuck my tongue out.

"Now lick my ass." 

Inserting my face gratingly into her ass I lapped around and into her ass savagely. I was under my land Goddesses spell. With every lick she twerked her bottom. She then laid her body out hands spreading into a downward dog position. 

"I'm merely adjusting my body for my steed to consume. What is your tongue used for?"

"To please you Goddess."

"It is an honor to taste it. And you are owned by that taste do you understand?"

"Yes God."

Breathing her in down to every hair follicle her scent filled me up. And with a snap of her fingers my eyes half rolling back somehow in a flash caught hers. Swiveling around her mouth agape in lasciviousness. "I can't have you this way in our future lives so I travel back in this time to make you pay to make you want me the way I want you."

Looking down upon me my tongue etched out as an exchange of wet saliva broke from her estuary latching gently onto my own. "Do you know what to do with my spittle?" I nodded up and down like a marked dog. "Show me, show me with your tongue right now show me."

Those last words distended in such ease my cock pulsed in unattended excitement. And in that moment I knew that I was hers to use and that I was her slave. Full of savoriness I couldn't help myself from her dwelling warm supernaturally sweet. I kept remarking upon that one feeling being "Supernatural." As her grip loosened I hadn't recalled when she'd moved standing over me as she was now tall commanding but ever exquisitely graceful.

My tongue traced back and forth I held entirely reserved inside her muff. My cheeks slightly puffing as I ate at her palate. Completely engrossed in satisfying this yearning. "Suck on it steed." She huffed almost loudly as I started sucking on each of her lips and alittle of her clit, intervals of flittering my face from side to side. I couldn't help it as my eyes rose once more as hers burned into my mind I could feel her watching anytime.

"My my my my are you trying to show me with your eyes how much you love what I do to you?"

"Yes Goddess."

In that split second I saw her lose control in total realization of her dominance of me. Realization that I was so in love with her graciousness and carnality. Tasting her melt between my lips I rubbed her juices all over my forehead, over closed eyes, nose, and down back to my lips. Just as I felt my goddess discharge spasmodic juices all over me entirely. She was squirting all over me.

"Open your mouth please." In almost like a childish voice vulnerable stripped of her power exposed whimsy and puerile. Why did it feel like I loved the very soles of this woman? As if we'd once loved one another before and I needed all over her to drink, to hold, to love, all of her?

"Thank you Goddess." Every drop I took as I heard birds talking amongst us... I wondered what they were saying? The entire time my hands clasped amongst her thighs. Without permission then I worked my tongue inside her chasm her outlet of desire making me her slave. Tongue fucking her wetness I prayed to lengthen this muscle organ just for this moment. 

She crashed on me. Shoulders falling back head lightly hitting the grass as I felt her rearranged atop my face bucking ferociously. "I wanted you for so fucking long. Craaa." Hiccuping she dared not say that name. Because in this lifetime she has his soul before he continued to become who he was currently into the next lifetime...that man with that name wasn't hers.

"My steed, I trespass anywhere, anytime, whenever I like." Cumming all over his beaming provocative face. The way his beard tickled her vulva made tolerance and holding back unbearable. "Don't stop licking me. Show me how hungry you've been."

I believed I loved her before.