 "Before we begin, I would like your consent once more. Just in case." The blood elf, a fairly serious-looking woman, turned to her subject with a clipboard ready, a few squares below a thick row of text still unchecked. "You agree that you're willingly participating in this experiment..." She paused for the most appropriate wording "and you agree that I will not be held responsible for any unforeseen outcomes." Each word was measured precisely and sent through her business-like smile. Her subject, a troll, azure, at least a few feet taller than the elf and dressed only in a thin gown, nodded. It's a curious game the elf is playing, she thought. She certainly didn't expect to be standing and listening to dull bureaucrat-talk that the elves were so fond of. But maybe this was part of the play they were acting in; it didn't interest her much but the elf must have rehearsed this role because her performance was impressively deceiving. Though, whatever game or act was underway, it was slowly eroding her mood.

She thought she knew what the golden-haired elf wanted when they had met in Orgrimmar a few days prior, dressed like the rest of her kind, with a sense of superiority and self-assigned class. Despite that she had averted her eyes and fumbled over her words, whether it was from embarrassment or nervousness she couldn't begin to tell. As the elf introduced herself as a researcher for a certain Goblin-run company, she recalled stories she had heard of wealthy elven women seeking out members of the horde for sex, or "diplomatic meetings" as they liked to call it. Orcs, Trolls and maybe even Tauren were probably not the type of lovers you would expect an elf to take, so they committed the acts in secret. The researcher part must've been her front, her excuse to take a troll, a female at that, by the hand and lead her to a remote house in the highlands to have her taboo fun with.

The room she had been led into confirmed what she already knew. It looked like the country home of a human farmer, warm and simple; nothing like the interiors of lavish elven mansions or tribal troll huts. Behind her, a chair had been crudely bolted to the floor near the middle of the room. Just by looking at it, she guessed it would fit her size well, as well as any other female troll. It had extensions from the main part that would surely house her limbs, and at the end of each there were padded straps that could be secured by sturdy buckles. Never had she seen such a thing, but she was traveled; she simply knew its uses. "No wonder the effort this elf has gone through when her desires need to be met with these contraptions," she thought. Nodding as if understanding, she flicked a pen over the little boxes below the text she didn't read. Role-play or not, it was dragging on and she could only feign interest in formalities for so long.

"Thank you, all the preparations are completed. I'm going to ask you to take off the gown and get in the chair. I'll be with you in a moment." The elf turned away from the troll but swiveled back and raised a finger as if she had forgotten something. "Oh, and you should call me Ann. Of course, it's not my real name but it will make any conversation easier. I've already prepared one for you as well, you'll be Jin." She spun on her heel and took a few steps over to a wooden table that stood out from the rest of the room, like the chair and that table had been moved into an unsuspecting farmer's home while he was out working the fields. While Jin undressed Ann detached the signed paper from the clipboard, but stopped her hands and turned her head only slightly when the sound of the gown falling to the floor made her ears perk. She liked to think of herself as professional and objective as a scientist, but she knew why she pitched the idea to her employer and it was impossible to deny it to even herself. Ann recalled how she had twisted and smiled sheepishly when had brought the proposal, and judging by her boss' wide grin he knew the reasons just as well as her.

She listened for the creak of the chair as Jin brought her weight down on it. Trolls were taller, stronger and sturdier than elves, and even after her careful calculations the seat still seemed to give way. Ann could've guessed Jin's form under that gown, and now that her back was turned and the gown was off, she couldn't help her imagination painting its own, vivid picture. She imagined how life as a warrior would have shaped her body. She could probably lift her with only one arm, Ann fantasized, and the muscles of her stomach would tense and shape the skin as they supported her weight. She probably didn't have much fat on her, and even if that meant her breasts were smaller, Ann would trace the contours of her lean body instead. She'd etch them into her memory through the tips of her fingers, following their outline the way water naturally follows the easiest route downward. Her entire body would be exotically blue, and the sharp lines where her thighs met her abdomen would be the most erotic part of her, leading down to her nethers, only a few darker shades of blue. Ann could feel herself warming to the image. It was perfection to her, in every explicit and subtle way possible. The warmth kicked at her heart and raced through her cheeks. Her heartbeat was at her throat and she was certain if she turned and spoke now she would only ruin her own professional image she had tried to preserve.

A cough from behind brought her back, accompanied by a jump of her shoulders. Jin had been looking at her frozen in place, clipboard clutched tightly against her breast, with her ears gradually changing color from a faint pink to a blushing red. The elf confused her, which made her feel like she didn't grasp the situation, which she definitely didn't like. Lying naked and exposed in that chair, with hands and feet in the straps, she had some time to review the evidence so far. The elf had mysteriously approached her, of all people, to conduct a "study", the nature of which was still kept secret, her lab didn't look much like one and the air of professionalism didn't blow too far. This supported the theory that Ann was only an elven aristocrat with a shameful case of blue fever. Still, going through the trouble to prepare fake names, a home, special equipment and not to mention the paper she had to sign. She thought that once they were alone she'd abandon the disguise and throw herself at her, just like the familiar rumors floating around the rougher parts of the Horde.

When Ann made her way back, Jin noticed the blush on her face despite her trying to conceal it by staring down into her clipboard. She can't be a researcher, she just can't, Jin tried to convince herself. Ann, still staring anywhere not near Jin's eyes, secured the straps around her limbs. They were thick and felt soft to her skin, probably meant to protect rather than restrain. The kind they use in kink-play, Jin imagined, smirking. As she followed the elf with her gaze as she secured the straps, an awfully slow and thorough process, she seemed to shrink as a scientist and become more of a shy woman in the midst of a taboo act that was about to set her desires ablaze, but hiding it until it could no longer be hidden. The glances she snuck at Jin's body became longer and deeper, she noticed, as if confirming its qualities with her eyes and all physical contact were forbidden. Jin felt exposed for the first time as she became aware of her own, very naked self. She wasn't ashamed, but she felt wanted. She wondered if this is what bondage felt like, being an object of desire without control, except this had supposedly no sexual intentions. Ann still tried her best to keep her image, and Jin was not sure if she should feel sexy, and in that case how.

"Okay, Jin. Everything has been prepared, and all the papers are in order. You shouldn't need to think about anything in particular, just be you!" Jin wasn't sure what she was trying to say, and judging by the awkward rise of the voice Ann didn't either. Her hand disappeared into the side pocket of her coat, and finally held up a small vial of clear, viscous fluid in front of Jin. She unsealed the small cork and brought the vial towards Jin's mouth, her hand beginning a slight tremble as her eyes were drawn to her lips. Smooth, light blue and punctuated by two tusks on either side. Ann always found herself staring at the tusks, they suggested something outlandish and beastly but were attached to the most beautiful creatures that walked on Azeroth. When she realized women were her preferred lovers, it had come to her when she caught herself looking at a troll from afar, forming a fantasy in her head where she stood on her toes, biting the troll's blue lips and licking at her tusks. Their hot breaths would mingle, the troll would cup her small butt with her strong hands and lift her up with commanding power, almost gloating at the willingness with which she submitted.

Ann brought the tip of the vial to Jin's mouth, pressing it down against her lower lip she saw how the soft tissue gave and clung to the crystal glass. With a breath to expel her tensions, she slowly tipped it and the clear liquid trickled off Jin's tongue, disappearing down and to the sides. Ann noted the condensation on the now empty vial, and the feel of wet air on her fingers. Her mind was a completely silent room, and each sensation, even the smallest of observations, was like a pin falling on its marble floor. She was acutely aware of her proximity to the troll, her body heat, the allure of her mouth, the amber eyes looking right at her. It made her withdraw with a small jerk, she was convinced of Jin's intelligence from those eyes. Jin swallowed twice. She had counted.

"What now?" Jin tried to relax back in the chair but her limbs were too oddly placed for that. What the elf had given her tasted like nothing in particular. It didn't remind her of anything but it didn't repulse her either. Now she found herself awkward, in an unnatural position and naked in front of an elf with a clear, new set of intentions as she came back without the clipboard but with an unsure face. Ann hesitated, looking at Jin for some kind of confirmation before one hand came to rest, very gently, on her stomach. The heat coming from the troll made her shiver and relax her touch. Through just her skin she felt the strength, the vitality and vigor of her subject.

"Have you read the contract?" Ann focused on Jin's eyes, which was harder to do than she thought. 

"Why would I? I'm not unwilling, girl."

"Well, it—" Ann stopped herself. Jin was willing. She didn't know what for, but Ann knew she wasn't dumb. Her hand moved towards Jin's breasts with a slow and deliberate touch. She reveled in the shape of her body, the firmness of her stomach and each bump her fingers passed, counting her ribs then rising and curling around her breast, its form easily distorted by her hand compared to the rest of her. She was bafflingly soft or maybe it was just her mind moving faster than she could think, so she acted. She let her grasping hand form naturally around her feminine curve, squeezing only with the faintest of pressure and pressing into Jin's chest, examining with bated amazement every angle. The instructions she herself had written included this, but those intentions were purely scientific. After administering the solution, she would examine the subject and have her respond to a few questions before the effects were felt, as a kind of control and observation of its effectiveness over a short period of time.

Ann sat the flesh of the thumb on the troll's nipple, surprisingly small and cute, like made for an elf. Ann entertained the thought and with a cough she remembered the questions she was supposed to ask her. "How are you feeling?" It sounded stupid even to Ann. It was like she spoke to a patient who had just woken up from trauma. Jin had closed her eyes and relaxed her face, somehow trying to enjoy Ann's nervous, cold hands fondling her. She probably expected their encounter to be more on the romantic and intimate side. "Ya obviously not very good at dis." Came the particularly accented remark, as if trying to give herself more sass. "I think you need to calm. Ya hands be freezin'." Ann withdrew her hand and looked at it hanging by her side. She could still feel the numbing warmth of the troll's skin on it, and if she brought it to her nose the scent of Jin would probably linger there.

"I mean—" Ann was still feeling disoriented by her comments, she had to think. "Could you describe how you feel when I'm touching you, if it feels good, in what way..." She had practiced this scenario a few times already, but she felt more out of place than she thought she would. "I'm writing this down, that's why." A laugh from Jin interrupted a breath of silence. "If ya say so. It felt cold and not much other than that. Ya gonna have to work harder for my praise." Jin wasn't trying to mock the elf's efforts, to her it was a surreal situation that she just couldn't take seriously. To her, all she had done was get strapped into a strange chair and had a drink of particularly thick and tasteless water. Ann could never have imagined a reply like that, and it left here even more lost than before. She kept silent and instead followed procedure, the only course of action set in stone and pre-planned by both her and consultants of her employer. Right now it was the safest thing available.

Ann moved between the troll's spread thighs, and kneeled in front of her sex. What rampant imaginations of two passionate lovers that had been replaced by a strange, nervous tension started to come back to her, trickling through her body like a warming stream of wine, softly burning her core and spreading out to her very fingertips. They no longer had eye contact, it was just her and her subject, a troll to study and admire at her own leisure. Ann's eyes drank in every detail now as she felt control return to her. Her hands reached both of Jin's inner thighs and she twitched, but her hands remained. The procedure called for examination after administration—and in 5-minute intervals, but examination is such a broad term, Ann thought. But examine she did, she examined the mound of Jin's vulva, another breathtaking part of her. She examined her labia, not aroused, engorged or parted, but just there; it was still beautiful to Ann. Her simple shapes, similar to her own but far more exotic and appealing to her eye. She couldn't help herself, she planted a trembling kiss on her thigh, so close that she felt Jin's dark blue lips on her cheek. She was eager to keep going, to kiss her wherever she could reach, so she imprinted the feeling as her strongest memory. The faintest pulse, the living heat, the minute jerk of a muscle when Jin moved. Her lips connected her to her troll, and in the intimate process of a simple kiss, she came to realize her hands were warm.

She flexed her fingers, checked her breathing, felt around inside for that hardness that made her breathing shallow and her core wound tight, but there was nothing but warmth. A warmth that rose and crashed as she took in the scent that seemed to emanate from Jin. Following the instructions she herself had devised, she used her thumbs to tentatively spread her labia and expose the troll deeper. She inhaled the hot air she felt, and it carried a scent that filled her head and her lungs. Another breath, face near enough to feel her heat. She made out each crease, studied the pink that seemed to darken barely. A tingle rose inside Ann; the very air she breathed was intoxicated with Jin's eroticism, replacing oxygen as that which feeds her. It surged from all places: deep in her abdomen, from the tiny pads on her thumbs that pressed against Jin's lips and from her brain. She sensed the air she exhaled, scalding and moist falling on Jin's revealed sex. She heard a gasp and saw her twitch—she had to be told nothing else. Through this sensitive act, she felt connected and empathetic. The same rising simmering that she could see emerging from Jin was about to emerge from her, so she tore herself from the scent that collared her to Jin, but from her periphery an unmistakable gleam reflected in the low light.

Rising, her fingertips followed the length of Jin's leg as she passed. Uncharacteristic, she caught herself thinking. She was smiling, not just her lips but her body adapted a smiling confidence and she gazed down on the captured troll. Her cheeks were burning almost to the point of stinging, but even so the feeling of Jin´s undivided attention produced no nervous thoughts. She wrote on her clipboard, on a paper titled "Synthesized troll hormones and their aphrodisiac application", the time since administration and regarding the heavy scent that affected even her. She recorded Jin's physical state and willingness, as well as her own. She set aside the papers and observed. She approached Jin, friendly, smiling and hiding the disregard for all that research required—best described as an urge that feels increasingly pointless to ignore. It wasn't only Ann that had changed, they both knew it. Jin looked at her with restrained lust.

"The next step is to wait five minutes and do another evaluation. I hope you're comfortable, Jin."

"Ya not gonna keep going?" Equal parts surprise and disappointment colored her voice, as if those were the words she least expected or wanted. "In time, Jin." Jin audibly gulped and stared in disbelief. Just two words with her name attached was the most maddening and erotic prose she had ever heard.

The room fell silent save for their breathing. They exchanged looks, deliberate and studying, sometimes hungry and desperate. In the warm light hanging above in the small room they were in, Jin saw how the elf was sweating now, and Ann saw the troll woman beginning to writhe and rise in tune to the undulations inside her. Billowing waves of excitement and tension rolled through her, like a sensual dancer her body subtly moved in place. Ann knew the whole house was empty; the second floor as well. There was no one around to see Jin's mating call but her. Only she could see the sweat that slickened her body irresistibly. With her hazy eyes she devoured her details, the softness of her shifting breasts as they followed her movements to the hardness of her muscles, the image of her raw energy which made Ann shiver inside. Nobody would hear her hard breathing, voiceless but calling urgently nonetheless. Every inhale quick and sharp, and every exhale hot on her lips and filled with the shuddering of anticipation. Ann, watching Jin, failed to notice how she watched her in return. The elf was unaware of her body responding, clutching with fingers and nails at her arms, biting her lip and squirming but trying to keep composed, now leaning against the table's edge which she had dragged closer to her subject.

Five grueling minutes passed like this. Outside, the sun was beginning to set but the temperature inside seemed to rise. Ann had since removed her lab coat, and a simple white vest with matching pants were all that was underneath. Her resistance as she got closer to Jin for inspection warped and sank into her. She knew sexual tension and the intensity at which she sometimes craved release. But when she looked at Jin and saw her pleading eyes, she realized new levels of this intensity. The inspiration to write down what she saw came to her. "The subject has become more amazing than I previously thought possible. I suspect the potion to accurately reproduce or even activate estrus in trolls, for I am also (unexpectedly) responding in a similar fashion," she wrote with a trembling hand. She admired the objective nature of science, though she was beside herself and taken by Jin's beauty, unable to tell whether the potion she had given her changed others' perception of her or if the drug had aroused her to view Jin's whole body as glowing and erogenous. 
