 Chapter 2: Seven Years Wait

Seven years passed and the people in the kingdom of Arethan lived in fear. Their beloved Prince Aries had indeed became a raging beast that ravaged the countryside and tormented his people. In hopes of appeasing him, virgin daughters were offered up as sacrifices. It was a sad and frightening time for all concerned and that is where our tale now takes us...

* * * *

As the light of dusk fell upon the kingdom, leathery wings took to flight through the growing night. Heading straight for the sacrificial post where he knew there would be prey awaiting.

The villagers had securely bound her ankles and hands. The young blonde screamed for help and when screaming failed, begged to be saved. But none came. They all cowered in the nearby bushes and prayed that fate would spare her.

Prince Aries landed with the soft clicking of talons upon cobblestones. Gradually he advanced upon the maiden, his claws extending as his long tongue slithered across his lips.

She shrieked in fear and jerked frantically but the chains held. "Get away you foul beast!"

His claws ripped away her flimsy dress in an easy movement, exposing her virginal body to the cold night air as a fine mist of rain began to fall. Slowly the prince stepped forward between her legs, his long, horrid looking shaft snaking out of his pants as if it were alive, heading straight for her core.

She shrieked again. He was so huge! How was he going to fit all that in her? She didn't want this! She tried to squeeze her legs closed but her ankles had been bound in such a way that her core was open to his invasion.

His eyes blazed as she tried to move and his claws flashed in front of her face in warning. His member slithered against her opening, worming it's way inside her, stretching her to her limit. It was too much for her first time but the prince cared not, he pushed farther, deeper inside. Quenching his lust was the only thing on his mind.

The pain was excruciating as his member literally tore her open. Her scream of agony echoed in the sudden stillness of the area as her family, neighbors and friends watched the violation of her body.

His hips began to move back and forth with determination, grunting and sniffing around her neck. As his arousal grew higher, his member swelled more, opening up her cervix forcefully as the head of his shaft seated itself deep in her womb. He intended to impregnate this sacrifice.

She continued screaming in that agonized wail that eventually died down. The girl gave a strangled breath and then breathed her last.

The Prince looked down at the girl and withdrew with a roar from her corpse. "What is the meaning of this?"

He stalked across the cobblestones to where the head of the village was cowering and lifted him from the ground in a claw. "You call THAT a sacrifice! One who barely last two minutes! You will bring me another sacrifice! And she had better be able to last, or you will not like the consequences!"

The prince dropped the mayor and glared at him, watching him scurry off. His eyes turned and took in the sight before him. He stared at one particular eighteen-year-old maiden. His enormous member swung lewdly between his legs as he approached her and snorted. "How many men have you bedded wench?"

She yelped in fear and ran behind her mother who looked at the Prince in fright.

He stalked after her and easily pushed her mother out of the way. "Well? Answer me wench!"

"Five," she gasped.

Her mother gave an indignant snarl and slapped the girl, knocking her to the ground.

The Prince moved in a blur and had the mother lifted above the ground in the blink of an eye. "It is people like you that cause my rage to rise. Perhaps if the sacrifice had slept with some real men she would have been able to handle me. Perhaps I should see just how well YOU would handle it crone?"

The woman fainted on the spot and the mayor gave a weak protest.

Prince Aries dropped the crone and turned to the mayor with an impatient growl. "If you do not have an acceptable sacrifice then I will go through women till I find one who can. And I will start with your daughter."

The villagers gasped in horror.

"Of course, my lord Prince!"

The prince looked around, his annoyance visible now. "Well? Where is she?"

"We need two days, sire. We must scour every corner of the village and that includes those in the outer areas. Please, I humbly ask for the time to do so."

The prince glared down at the mayor. "You have one day, till then I will make do with your daughter."

"Please! She is under eighteen and has not known a man! Please sire!"

The Prince was becoming increasingly angry now and picked up the woman he had first spoken to. "You are fortunate I believe in waiting till they come of age. You have until this time tomorrow. Or else." With that said, he took to flight heading for his palace once more.