 Chapter 5: Timely Rescue

Prick the beast and does it not bleed? Anger the beast and you shall bleed.

**************************

Josiah stood outside Lilandra's room and smirked. He had awakened in the middle of the night and had snuck into the house to get some food and to fuck his wife. He'd been denied that pleasure because the little slut was in his father's room. So he had made a detour by his sister's room only to find her missing. He had contemplated telling the old man but changed his mind. Instead he'd gone back to the barn to wait. His patience had paid off when he saw her sneaking back into the house. He'd waited a few minutes and then gone inside. Now he stood staring at his sleeping sister. But it wasn't really her he was interested in but rather the very expensive jacket she was wearing. Where in the hell had she gotten that? Had his uptight little sister finally found a man to bang her? He smirked. Father was going to be pissed when he found out. Josiah decided to wait before telling the old man. He wanted to be sure that he was there to watch his sister get punished. The thought made him even hornier. Smiling he crept back out to the barn.

****

The rooster crowed and Josiah and Jacob reluctantly got up and headed out to get the hay. 

Inside the house Trina and Samantha slumbered on. 

Lilandra awoke and in a panic hid the jacket the kind man had given her. It wouldn't do for her father to find it. There would be hell to pay for sure. She got dressed and went downstairs to start breakfast.

Victor grunted and shifted in his bed, Trina and Samantha lay naked on either side of him, various marks across both of their bodies from the rough night of fucking. His eyes flickered open when the rooster crowed and he grumbled for a few moments before remembering about the two naked women beside him. He felt his arousal grow as his hands slide across Samantha's buttocks and squeezed firmly.

She mumbled in her sleep and moved away from his groping hands.

His frown formed into a glare and he sharply spanked her ass with his large hand, hard enough to turn the skin a rosy red once more. "Don't you move away from me, woman!"

The smack partially woke her up. "Go away Josiah, I'm tired," she muttered her eyes still closed as she rolled farther away, pulling some of the quilt with her.

His hand shot out and roughly grabbed her arm, pulling her back as he growled menacingly in her ear. "This ain't Josiah, bitch."

Finally his voice penetrated through her sleep-fogged mind and she yelped her eyes finally open to stare into Victor's face. "I'm sorry," she stammered.

Victor continued to hold her gaze as his hand slid down to her breast, squeezing harshly. "Show me just how sorry you are..." Victor rolled on to his back, his long, thick aroused cock pointing skywards.

Samantha scrambled to straddle his hips and slid her hot pussy down on his cock. Though she had been acting cowed, she liked the smacks and the roughness.

Victor let out a low, deep moan of appreciation, his hand once more spanking Samantha's buttocks. His free hand quickly slid between Trina's legs, finding her center and inserting two thick fingers into her.

Trina moved in her sleep, her legs opening slightly to give him better access as she too began to awaken.

His technique was rough as usual, thrusting his fingers as deep as he could. He leaned up and buried his face in Samantha's breasts, biting her soft flesh.

She cried out and arched her breasts closer to his face while moving up and down on his fat, long cock. Her moans were joined by those of Trina who was fingering her clit and arching her hips so that his fingers would go deeper.

He growled his lust, pulling Samantha's nipples hard with his teeth. Several of his 'love bites' on her breasts had drawn small drops of blood. The rhythmic sounds of fucking were punctuated by the hard smack of his hand to Samantha's buttocks, threatening to bruise this time from such force.

She didn't mind. His son wasn't as rough as she liked so she had abandoned his bed in favor of Victor's bed and ways. 

Victor grunted and tensed below Samantha, his cock swelling within her seconds before he erupted within her with a load of hot thick, creamy cum.

She cried out as her body stiffened and she orgasmed with him. She collapsed on top of him, shaking from the after tremors. Oh yes, sex with Victor was the best.

A few moments later, Trina's cries of pleasure were heard as she too came. Both lay spent, their eyes on Victor to see what he would do next.

Victor took a few moments to catch his breath, staring at the ceiling. Once this had been accomplished he unceremoniously pushed Samantha off of him and climbed out of bed to wash up and dress. Ten minutes later he was shaved, gruff tempered and ready to tear somebody a new arse hole.

***

Lilandra busied herself in the kitchen, making sure to create enough noise to drown out her father and sisters-in-law. Thankfully the noise stopped and she finished cooking the eggs. She placed the rest of last of night's bread on the table and waited on the family to show.

Victor stepped into the kitchen, banging the door open and slapping the table with his hand as he sat down at his place. "Remember what I said would happen if you screwed up again Lilandra."

She jumped at the loud noise. "Yes sir," she whispered and sat the porridge in front of him along with the cooked apples and eggs.

Victor dug into the meal laid before him, taking time to taste it, searching for an excuse to punish his daughter again. "Where's my milk?"

She blanched. She hadn't milked the cows! She began backing away from the table. "I'll go get it," she stammered before she whirled, grabbed the pail and raced out to the barn.

Victor's rage began to rise again, his fist clenching as he waited on his daughter returning. Angrily, he consumed the rest of his porridge and apples before starting on the eggs and bread.

She made it to the barn and hurriedly milked one of the cows. She was afraid. How could she have forgotten that he liked milk in the morning? She was a little too rough and the cow mooed loudly. "Sorry old girl," she apologized. She picked the pail back up and quickly made her way back to the house. She grabbed a ladle and spooned milk into the cup until it was full. Trembling she approached the table and handed her father the cup.

He snatched it from her hand, spilling a little on the table and took a swig, swirling the liquid round in his mouth before putting the cup down on a dry area. "Clean that up and get some wood for the fire, get it nice and hot. I've got a method that'll show everyone just how worthless you are at simple tasks!" He left the room with an unpleasant look on his face.

She didn't like the way he had worded his order. But she obediently went and gathered as much wood as she could carry. She came back and began stoking the fire.

Victor returned with a sadistic grin on his face. He had a branding iron in one hand, which he placed in the fire. "Get it good and glowing, then drop your drawers Lilandra."

Her eyes grew wide and she started at him in horror. At first she was too shocked to protest but then that moment passed and before she even thought about it she blurted out, "NO!" He was insane. She was not going to let him burn her! She was not an animal!

He roughly grabbed her by the hair and yanked her head back, his face turning red now with anger. "What the HELL did you just say wench! Are you disobeying your FATHER? The man who breaks his back every day to keep a roof over your head!"

"No, no, no! I'm not some animal! Don't do this!" she screamed at him, her fear overriding her normal cautious behavior around her father.

Her screaming only earned her a mighty backhand from her father, "Trina! Samantha! Get in here!"

Both women came into the room at a run. "Yes, Victor?" they asked then both glared at the struggling Lilandra.

"Hold your sister-in-law down while I heat up the iron. It's time she truly learned her place."

Trina and Samantha smiled sadistically. Yes! They would finally get to do something to Lilandra. They caught her by the arms and dragged her over to the table. They slammed her down on it and pinned her. They were both farm girls themselves and stronger than they looked.

Victor turned to the fire, stoking it higher and began heating up the branding iron.

Still smiling, Trina yanked up Lilandra's skirts and Samantha pulled down her drawers, exposing her still bruised and welted butt.

After a few moments he turned round to face them, the branding iron crackling as it met the cool air. "After today, everyone will know how you are nothing more than a possession, Lilandra, because only a possession can't do simple tasks like make a meal." His hands slid across her injured buttocks before pressing the branding iron to her flesh for longer than necessary.

A gut-wrenching scream of agony was jerked from her throat and then she fainted.

Trina and Samantha both stood there, holding her down and laughing evilly. "Give it to her, Victor! She should know better than to be an uppity little bitch."

Victor removed the branding iron and placed it in front of the fireplace before motioning to the front door. "Take her outside, we'll wake her up and show her the meaning of discipline."

Trina and Samantha easily dragged the unconscious Lilandra outside. Just then the sound of the wagon pulling up caught their ears. 

Victor emerged from the house carrying a thick leather strap, wrapping and unwrapping it around his fist to make it flexible.

"Father! What's happening?" Josiah casually asked as he and his brother parked the wagon and came over.

"I'm teaching your sister her place in this house."

"While you're at, you might want to ask her about the man's coat in her room," Josiah said with an evil grin.

Victor raised an eyebrow and glared at his unconscious daughter and cracked the strap lightly across his palm. "Oh really? Wake her up!"

Trina and Samantha tied Lilandra in place while Jacob came over and dumped a bucket of water on her.

Lilandra sputtered, blinked and saw the ground. "No," she groaned and struggled weakly.

Victor immediately cracked the strap across Lilandra's buttocks hard, watching another welt appear. "Where did you get the jacket? Are you holding out on your father?"

She yelped. "What jacket?" she cried when the strap bit into her battered flesh. How had they found out? No one had been up when she'd made it back to the house. Did the fates hate her so much that they would let her trip into the forest be discovered?

"Josiah! Get the jacket!"

The strap tore into her flesh again as Victor swung it with power. "Where Lilandra? Don't play innocent with me you little skank!"

"I didn't do anything wrong!" she screamed through her tears.

"Yes you did! How dare you whore yourself out without my permission! Where is the money?"

The blows rained down again and again, harder and harder.

"I didn't sleep with anyone! There isn't any money!" she yelled, the tears flowing freely as the pain hit her nerves and brought even more agony.

Josiah walked inside, retrieved the fancy coat and came back outside waving it in the air. "Here father!"

Victor snatched the coat from his son and held it in front of Lilandra's eyes, slapping her face. "Where did this come from Lilandra? Who did you whore yourself out to, to get this!"

She clamped her lips closed and shook her head. She was not going to reveal to her father who she had met in the forest. She was starting to feel dizzy from all the blows.

"Well if you are going to be a whore then I will treat you like a whore!" He began undoing his pants, pulling her head back by her hair.

Jacob reached over and grabbed her hair. "Let me help you father."

"Yes, give it to her! She knows better than to fuck someone outside the family without permission!" Trina and Samantha screeched.

Victor growled as he forced the thick head of his cock into Lilandra's mouth. "Take it Lilandra! This is what you get for acting like such a whore!"

She gagged and tried to move her head but Jacob tightened his grip on her hair and started forcing her head back and forth.

Josiah watched the display and then grabbed Samantha and began fondling her. She squealed and kissed him hungrily. This was more like it!

So busy were they with tormenting Lilandra that they didn't hear the hoof beats of the approaching horses.

A strong commanding voice rang out from across the yard accompanied by the ring of steel as swords were drawn. "Halt your actions peasants! It is time to pay your taxes!"

Victor looked up and snarled at the guards, then down at his daughter, hissing. "You are lucky daughter, we will continue this later." He stood and buttoned up his pants before addressing the party. "Who goes there, trespassing on my land?"

"Your land? Don't you mean Prince Aries' land?" the mayor retorted imperiously.

Victor chuckled gruffly and held his arm out to indicate the land. "The Prince has not been seen in years and he has not come to collect his taxes in those same years. It is by default now owned by those who work upon it."

The mayor smirked. Victor was a man after his own heart. "Well I propose a deal. I'll let you alone on YOUR land if you will hand over any unmarried women that live in this household."

Victor paused a moment, considering this as he watched the mayor. "How about until the Prince himself arrives to claim this land, you and your tin soldiers get the fuck off my land."

"I'd really hate to do this by force but the winged terror is demanding tribute and it is our time to give it. The beast does not want any of the city girls. He says they aren't to his taste. So we were forced to come to the farms. And as you can see," the mayor pointed to a wagon with six frightened young women in it. "You are not the only one who has to give up a daughter. So which one of the three will it be?"

He eyed the two women who were unbound. The third one he couldn't get a good look at because she was bound to the fence and her long black hair covered her face.

Victor's eyes shifted to Lilandra for a moment as he thought deeply and spoke slowly. "They are all my daughters-in-law. Married to my three sons."

Trina and Samantha both gave him surprised looks. The mayor saw them and his eyes narrowed. He snapped his fingers and one of the guards came up with a sheet of paper.

"You know it takes a liar to know another one and you are a poor one. You two go untie the girl and bring her to me. She's the one we need," the mayor ordered as he finished looking over the paper and then looked back up.

Victor nodded to Jacob who quickly moved to the barn and returned with a lengthy ornate sword. He tossed it to his father who held it with surprising skill. "You ain't taking MY house maid."

"As much as you'd like to protest, you're outmanned," the mayor said coldly as more guards dismounted pulling out their swords.

Josiah put his hand gently on his father's arm. "Dad, don't be stupid. We can buy another, better one at market, one who doesn't screw up and likes it rough."

The mayor's guards eyed Victor and Josiah and waited patiently for Victor to stand down.

Lilandra was praying that her father would do something stupid and that they would kill him. Then she would be free.

Victor thought for another long moment before lowering his blade and nodded to the mayor. "Take the wench, not that she'll be any use. She can't master even the most simple of tasks."

The guards were disappointed they wouldn't get to fight but they untied Lilandra and carried her over to the mayor's horse.

"Give her to me," the mayor ordered and they handed the unresisting Lilandra up to him.

The guards grinned and let their hands wander across Lilandra's breasts and buttocks before they secured her in the saddle.

Lilandra stiffened but didn't make a sound. If she didn't move maybe they would leave her alone. 

"If the beast doesn't claim her, you can come and take her back," the mayor informed Victor.

Victor nodded and watched the group leave, turning back towards his son before addressing Trina and Samantha. "Well until we can get a new maid you two have the luxury of filling in for her. Get to work! All of you!"

"Ugh!" Trina gasped but Samantha simply rolled her eyes and headed for the house.

*****

The group had been traveling back toward the main plaza of the city. The mayor was getting anxious. Time was running out. But that didn't stop him from appreciating the fine bit of flesh the young woman in front of him posed. He took the reins in one hand while his horse trotted along the dirt path, his free hand moving to Lilandra's knee. His hands were soft, yet slightly rough from the day's work, gradually working their way up the inside of her thigh.

Lilandra stiffened and tried to shift away from his hand but she couldn't go too far on a horse and she was more hurt than she realized.

The mayor tightened his arms around her and hissed in her ear. "Move again and I'll see to it you are the first sacrifice to the beast!" His hand slid higher up her thigh, mere millimeters from her pussy.

"No, sir, please. I'm not that way," she whimpered as she tried to free her arms.

"You don't have a choice woman. You WILL be put up for the beast whether you like it or not and I WILL have my pleasures with you while you are still in one piece." His hand cupped her mound and squeezed. Two short pudgy fingers slid inside her, the motion of the horse forcing Lilandra to bounce upon them.

"No, no, no," she whispered brokenly but was powerless to stop his invasion of her pussy. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to force her mind to go elsewhere, away from this raping of her body. Was that all men thought she was good for? It made her want to curl up and die.

The mayor shuffled forwards in the saddle so that her bouncing ass rubbed against his bulging pants. He grunted lecherously as he felt the wetness in her pussy grow. "I see you like this. Such a pity you have to be sacrificed to that beast."

She didn't like it but her body seemed to. She was still a virgin but if this kept up she wouldn't be. It was the only thing she valued most and it appeared as if the mayor was going to take it by force. Her poor mother was probably rolling in her grave right now.

All too soon for the mayor's liking however, they arrived back in town and he was forced to remove his fingers. He did however lick them clean in front of Lilandra's eyes, grinning lecherously.

Her face turned red and she hung her head in shame when she heard several of the guards chuckling.

The other women were herded from the wagon and pushed toward the town's main plaza. One of the guards came up to the Mayor's horse. "Need some help?" he asked a little too eagerly.

The mayor rolled his eyes and unceremoniously pushed Lilandra off the horse into the guard's arms. "Leave her maidenhead, if it is missing the Prince will have your hide hung above his doorway."

The guard blanched and dragged Lilandra toward the plaza with the other girls. The townspeople had all gathered around in silence as the appointed hour occurred. Their eyes turned skyward.

Lilandra gulped and looked up as well, wondering what it was she was going to see.

A shadow appeared over the square followed by a horrendous roar. Prince Aries circled overhead, watching the action below before swooping down and landing lightly on the cobbles with the softest clicking of talons.

The gathered women began screaming and tried to run but the soldiers' drawn swords froze them in place. Lilandra however hadn't run. She was staring in fascination at the creature before her.

The prince stalked around the group of women, snarling and occasionally snapping at them like a sheep dog keeping a flock in line.
