 Chapter 6: Eye for an Eye

Heed the anger of the beast for it will spell your doom. Fear the beast for it is all-powerful.

******************************************

The Prince soared through the air above his lands, the winds whistling past his wide leathery wings. The air was punctuated with a thunderous roar as Prince Aries saw the farm come in sight, circling it like a vulture.

The sound shook the house and sent the occupants inside running outside. Trina and Samantha looked up, saw the creature and promptly fainted.

Jacob and Josiah clung to each other and Victor just stared before shaking his fist at the sky and running inside to grab his sword.

The winged beast swooped low over the two sons, claws slicing at their arms and backs as he passed, only wounding them however.

He swooped round once more, in front of the group and roared at the top of his lungs, shaking the house once more.

Jacob and Josiah stayed low on the ground, cowering in fear. Victor came out of the house, his sword ready. "Come to me you foul beast!"

And come the beast did, claws extended, razor sharp and ready to disembowel any who got in his way. His speed was immense, moving in a blur that few could follow. He attacked Victor from the side, claws slashing at his arms and chest.

Victor grunted and felt the blood running down his body as he tried to parry the beast's claws.

Prince Aries quickly grew tired of the game and grabbed Victor's sword arm in his huge claw, crushing the bone in his strong grip.

This time Victor bellowed in agony as he looked at his mangled arm. He grabbed the sword awkwardly in his left arm. "C'mon you foul beast!"

The beast seemed to laugh at this and repeated the action with Victor's left arm. The next pass, however, he grabbed Victor by the throat and lifted him effortlessly off the ground. "This is the price you pay for beating your daughter!"

Victor's face turned an ugly purple color. "What do you know about my daughter?" he wheezed.

Another long, sadistic laugh was heard from the beast as he brought Victor close. "You never know what monsters you might meet in the forest at night Victor. I wonder how you will fare against the wolves with two broken arms?"

"Why do you care about her? She's nothing but a lying whore!" Victor struggled uselessly in the beast's grip.

"Oh really Victor? This coming from a man who tries to kill his ruler. Lets see how you fare in the forest, shall we?"

Claws slashed deep into Victor's leg as the prince took to the air once more, heading for the forest and the predators that waited.

*****

Lilandra stood inside the house she'd been dragged to. She was still nude and she shivered in the cool air. She whirled when the door opened and a surly woman came in with a pail of steaming water and a cloth.

"Here!" the girl snarled and threw the cloth at Lilandra before slamming the pail down on the table, stalking out the door and slamming it closed behind her.

Lilandra blinked in astonishment before going to the pail and dipping the cloth in it. She began slowly wiping the grime off her arms, legs, and butt. She couldn't, however, get her back cleaned. She covered her face with her hands. She wanted to find a place to hide and just cry.

The door opened once more, but only for a moment before the mayor stepped in and closed it behind him, locking it. "I thought you might need a hand with your back." The mayor was still trembling a little; the fear from the attack had shaken him to his core.

Lilandra's head snapped up and she eyed him warily. "I'm fine," she said quietly as she began backing up. She didn't trust this man. He had taken advantage of her.

The mayor held a hand out for a moment. "Please, this is for the good of all of us. If you aren't prepared correctly then he will kill you and return for another. Do you really wish to be the cause of someone else's death?"

That gave Lilandra pause. "No sir." She didn't want that on her conscience.

The mayor nodded and spun his finger a moment. "I didn't think so, now turn around so we can finish here."

Her instincts told her not to trust him but since no one else seemed inclined to assist she had no choice. She turned around.

He picked up the washcloth and dunked it into the steaming pail, gently washing away the dirt and grime from her back, watching with growing lust as the water trickled between her buttocks and over her puckered anus.

She was feeling really drowsy. All she wanted to do was sleep. Exhaustion was pulling at her.

After a moment his hands bent her over slightly, the washcloth sliding over her buttocks and between her legs, lingering for much longer than necessary.

She stiffened and shifted to the side. She was not going to let him help anymore. "Don't," she stated flatly.

His hot breath fell upon her neck, his hands still insistent, sliding now between her buttocks, rubbing her tight rear entrance.

"Stop it!" she cried and tried to move away from him.

He held her arms though, pushing her against the wall face first, pressing his aroused groin against her. "The Prince only checks if your pussy is untouched, not your ass, so relax and don't make this hard for yourself."

Her eyes were wide in fright and she screamed for help as she wildly struggled. He was going to force himself on her!

Immediately there was a harsh pounding at the door, the handle rattled with strength, and the wood creaked under the strain. A loud male voice could be heard. "Open this door immediately! Or it will be broken down!"

The mayor cursed and backed away but not before slipping a finger in her pussy to finger it one last time. He leered at her and went to the door and opened it. "Can I help you?" he demanded crossly.

The mayor was grabbed and dragged out of the house, held up off the floor by the powerful arms of the Prince's manservant Lynn. "What are you doing here? You know the rules! No one other than the old maid is to help sacrifices prepare!"

"The maid said the wench attacked her! So I decided to come and see what the wench was up to," the mayor whined.

"Oh really? Is that why the maid was uninjured and grumping about how timid the girl seemed? You are pathetic!" Lynn pushed the mayor away from him into the street. "If you come near this woman again I will insure it is your hide that hangs upon the Prince's walls next." He turned back towards Lilandra. "My apologies, my lady, it will not happen again. This is for you to wear at the prince's request." He laid down a wide package, opening the lid and revealing an exquisite dress. "If you need help then call and the maid will return and help under my supervision."

When the new man had arrived, Lilandra had frantically searched the room and finally snatched up a blanket to wrap around her body. Her face was red and she was feeling humiliated. She didn't know how many more nasty surprises she could handle. She watched the man lay down the bundle. Her eyes grew wide when she saw the dress. She'd never seen anything so beautiful or so expensive in all her life. She numbly nodded and timidly headed to the table. She carefully caressed the dress. It was made of silk. "I can't wear this," she whispered. "I'll get it dirty." Tears filled her eyes. She knew the mayor hadn't completely cleaned her back and she was afraid that if she put the dress on her welts would bleed again and the dress would be ruined.

He smiled a moment and motioned to the table by the bed, upon its surface were bandages and a soothing ointment. "If you wish, my lady, I can aid in applying the bandages. If you do not trust me I can have the maid help."

He seemed kind. She walked over to the bed and turned around so that her back was to him. She gulped and dropped the towel.

He moved almost soundless trough the room and gently examined her welts and wounds, tutting occasionally, "That man may be good with numbers but when it comes to cleaning wounds he is a complete buffoon."

Gently the washcloth was applied, properly cleaning out the dirt and grime. The soothing salve was next applied into each open wound. He professionally ignored the hiss of stinging breath as it was applied, "Don't be afraid to curse my work my lady, I have felt such a potent sting before and so know just how tempting it can be. My name, by the way, is Lynn." Lastly the soft fluffy bandages were applied and secured to her back.

It hurt, the cleaning of her wounds but not as much as the wounds themselves. She felt nothing but relief when the salve was applied and her back and butt went numb. She thanked the fates for the loss of pain.

"Thank you," she said softly, her back still to the kind man.

He soundlessly stood up again and gently removed the dress from the box, holding it up for Lilandra to view. "I hope this is in your size, my lady, otherwise it will take some time to find one that fits."

The dress looked like it would fit. She'd never had one that fit right in her entire life. Her mother had always made her clothes a size or two too big so that she could wear them for a few years. She stepped into the dress and slid it up on her shoulders. It was a perfect fit.

Slowly Lynn slid the hooks together, securing the dress in place and smiled as he looked Lilandra up and down. "Perfect." He offered his arm to her and motions towards the door, where outside awaited the palace carriage.

She slid her arm through his. She was still feeling self-conscious and her hair was a mess but there was nothing she could do about that. It took five hours just to be able to brush all the tangles from her hair. She only did it once a week at home.

They walked in silence towards the carriage, the door opened for her by one of the guards and she was helped up into it. The door was closed and Lynn climbed aboard, jerking the reins to begin the horses.

Lilandra studied the inside of the carriage in awe. It was made of the finest of silks as well as dazzling gemstones. She was overwhelmed. She was to be a sacrifice. That meant she was going to die. Well at least she would die quickly rather than slowly on her father's farm.

As the carriage rumbled along the long cobbled road, the beating of wings could be heard as the prince returned. The wind was blowing towards the side of the carriage and a wet smack was heard as a piece of blood drenched cloth struck the window. It was the patch Victor always wore above his heart.

Lilandra let out a scream and then paled when she saw what it was that was on the window. She felt herself get lightheaded and she fainted.

The coach immediately pulled over and Lynn quickly dismounted and entered the carriage, "My lady!"

Gently he fanned her face in an attempt to awaken her. "My lady, what happened?"

Lilandra revived and then weakly pointed at the window where the patch was still sticking and the blood was running down the window.

Lynn sighed softly and quickly drew the blind. "Mind not that, my lady, probably something the wind picked up from a lost hunter. The woods are so dangerous these days."

"Yes, of course," she stammered. It couldn't be from her father. She was very tired and imagining things.

He nodded once more and made sure she was settled before climbing aboard and starting the horses once more.

She dozed off into a fitful sleep filled with monsters, weird noises and the stranger she had met in the woods. She tossed and turned as he beckoned her to follow him. She was too afraid to though she wanted to take the sadness from his eyes.

The carriage jolted to a halt as it arrived in the centre of the large palace courtyard, oddly devoid of any staff. The eerie silence seemed to penetrate even the deep shadows of the carriage.

The only sound that could be heard outside was the rhythmic tapping of Lynn's shoes as he climbed down the carriage and walked to Lilandra's door, opening it quietly.

Only in sleep was her face unmarred by fear. Instead she was peaceful for the nightmarish dreams had faded as she'd fallen into a much needed deep sleep.

He smiled and very carefully lifted her into his arms, walking soundlessly into the dark palace, heading for the room reserved for guests.

Not once did Lilandra stir. She had fallen into the hand of the sleep god and she wasn't about to wake any time soon.

Lynn gently placed her on the bed and left a lamp lit so that she could see if she woke up. She was beautiful. It was a pity she was going to be sacrificed. He quietly left the room and closed the door. Once outside he locked it and headed for the east wing and Prince Aries.

The prince landed on his balcony and pushed open his wide doors, midnight was fast approaching and he had not the strength to go wandering this night. For now he had a guest in his palace. The woman from the forest, who knew not what his true form looked like, did not know that he was the beast, and hence was unafraid.

Lynn rapped twice on the large double doors before unlocking one of them and entering. "My liege," he said respectfully and bowed low.

The Prince turned towards Lynn just as he began to change; groaning and crying out as he changed temporarily back to human form. He stretched his neck and sighed, "You know it wouldn't be so bad if the change didn't leave me stiff as a board."

Lynn chuckled and walked over handing Aries a robe. "She is safely in her room and sleeping soundly. Why did you drop something on the window?"

Aries looked at Lynn with a puzzled look as he slipped on the robe. "What do you mean? I didn't drop anything on the window."

"On the carriage window my liege. A bloody piece of cloth that caused the young lady much fright."

Aries paused a moment and sighed softly, looking at his reflection in the mirror a moment. "It must have caught upon me when I left him in the forest. I did not anticipate something like that would happen."

"Left who in the forest my liege?" Lynn questioned as he ushered Aries over to a steaming tub full of water. He knew that his master liked to wash away the stench of the beast.

Aries shed his robe as he stood by the bath, his toned muscular body glinting in the dim light. "That monster Victor. He was the one who gave the girl her wounds."

"I see," Lynn replied quietly. "Did you see the brand on her right butt cheek? Do you think he did that too? It was a very recent wound."

Aries raised an eyebrow as he slid into the hot water, feeling cleansed as it caressed his skin. "I did not see that recent wound no. I will have to inquire later when she awakens."

"You have forty-five minutes left sire. And she was sleeping so soundly I don't think she'll awaken before then," Lynn informed him as he set out elegant clothes for his master.

Aries nodded and sighed gently, running the flannel across his skin, massaging his stiff muscles. "I would like so much for this girl to be the one. I long so much to be normal for more than one hour a day."

"I pray for it too, sire. Your kingdom needs you. The overlords have gone lax and corruption is rampant."

The prince nodded and stood up, removing himself from his bath, he reached for his towel and drying himself. "Indeed, they have let the cities and towns go to hell."

"If this girl is but a sampling of the local populace, then our work will be cut out for us when you do regain your human shape."

The prince nodded as he slid into the elegant clothes that had been laid out. "Perhaps it will be necessary to bring back the regiments to keep the peace till order is restored?"

"I will begin looking among the loyal sire."

Sliding on his jacket the prince turned towards the double doors. "Thank you Lynn. Now, what was there left in the pantry when you last checked?"

"I restocked sire so we have meats, cheese and the best wines. Everything we usually get when you bring a sacrifice here," Lynn assured him.

Smiling, the Prince nodded once more, walking through the door while calling back. "Take the night for yourself Lynn, your help is much appreciated."

Lynn bowed and headed off to his quarters. He had some planning to do for his master's return to power.

***

Aries walked in silence through the dark halls down to the refrigerated storeroom. Breathing deep, he took in the scents of foods rarely experienced recently. "Ahhh, how I have missed such scents."

Upstairs in her room, Lilandra slowly awoke. She lay still trying to figure out where she was. Everything was so vague. She climbed out of bed and stumbled to the door. She tried to turn the handle but the door was locked. I will not panic, she thought to herself right before she began shaking the door handle frantically.

"Someone please let me out!"

As if on cue, the lock clicked and the door swung open and Prince Aries filled the doorway. A tray of exotic delicacies held in his arms. "Good evening my lady, did you sleep well?"

Lilandra stumbled back and looked at him warily. It was the man from the forest! 

"What, what are you doing here? Do you serve the flying beast too?"

He cocked his head to the side for a moment, considering this, "In a way, yes. Are you hungry?"

Her stomach rumbled loudly and she blushed. "Yes, please, if it's not an inconvenience."

The prince smiled and quietly walked into the room, setting the tray down on the table and moving two chairs to it, motioning for Lilandra to sit.

Shyly she moved around him and slid into her seat. She let out gasp of pain when she sat down for the dress rubbed against the brand and some of her welts. Tears instantly welled up in her eyes.

"I will have Lynn bring some more salve up for that brand of yours, he will help check your wounds each day."

He sat down across from her, opening the bottle of wine, the scent filling the air.

Was he using magic? How had he known she was branded? When he had last seen her all she had on her body was welts. And why was he talking so formally about the man who had driven the carriage? So many questions filled her head but she didn't voice them. Her father had trained her too well for that habit to break.

"Thank you, sir," she replied softly and stared at the plate of delicious smelling food.

"Please, my lady, dig in. Enjoy your meal. You deserve something good for once. Your father will not be able to harm you any more."

She picked up a treat and started to eat it but his words made her pause and give him a startled look. "What do you mean by that?"

"The mayor witnessed your abusive father's attack upon you. He informed me of the incident." He sliced a chunk of steak off and slipped it into his mouth, a look of pure enjoyment crossing his face."

Just who was this man? "Are you the overlord for our province?" she asked timidly.

He chuckled softly and shook his head at her question, "No, my lady, I am not the overlord of your province."

"Oh." She was disappointed. Maybe if he had been local...No, people like him didn't want to make love to people like her. She didn't have a high enough station.

A wince crossed the Prince's face a moment. Was it time already? Time had flown by so fast. "I'm afraid I must cut our liaison short, my lady. There are things I must do, enjoy your meal." He stood up quickly and swallowed, heading for the door.

"Wait!" She hurried to stand but the dress got twisted around her legs and she had take a moment to untangle herself.

Aries moved quickly out of the room and locked the door behind him.

She got the dress free and ran for the door only to discover it was once again locked. She banged on the door but gave up after a few minutes. She was once again imprisoned. She went back to the table to finish the food but it tasted like ash to her.