 The beast has fangs
The beast has claws
The beast has no soul
Beware the touch of the beast for it shall corrupt.
=================================================

Lilandra watched as Lynn once again left with her dinner tray. Tomorrow night she would have to face the beast and give him her virginity. The very prospect scared her. With a sinking heart she knew she would suffer the same fate as other girls who'd had the misfortune of gracing the beast's bed. She went to her bed and lay there tossing and turning. She would find no sleep this night.

****
Lynn took the uneaten meal back to the kitchens with a sigh. He had not meant to cause her distress but Lilandra was healed and time was up. She would either survive the Master's attentions or die trying. He wanted to believe that she would but he wasn't so sure. He spent time cleaning up the kitchen before heading toward the East Wing to await his master's midnight arrival. He was greeted by the sounds of the Prince returning back to his human form. 

Aries twisted his neck to each side, listening to the clicks and sighing. When Lynn entered he spoke quickly, "I have a plan Lynn and we must do it now if this is to go smoothly."

Lynn looked at his Master in surprise. "Of course, sire. What did you have in mind?"

Aries slipped on a silk robe, wrapping it around himself while speaking, "Blindfold her and shackle her to the bed, I will take her in this form. This way we will satisfy the curse and preserve her life."

Lynn's eyebrows rose and he gaped at Aries. "But, why?" He wasn't sure what he was asking his Master. He was surprised by the fact that his Master was concerned for Lilandra and that he had chosen to come to her in human form rather than take her virginity as a beast. Even as he tried to wrap his mind around his Master's odd behavior he was already grabbing a blindfold and shackles from a nearby table.

"Because I am sick and tired of being the cause of death to innocent young women! Now go!"

Lynn gave a quick bow and hurried toward Lilandra's room. The idea of shackling her pricked his conscious but he would do as his Master had bid. He unlocked the door to her room and quietly pushed it open. He spied her prone figure on the bed and with a quick prayer to the fates he crept toward her, the shackles feeling heavy in his hands. He stopped at the edge of the bed and looked down at her. It was best to blindfold her first he decided. He reached forward to do so but froze when her eyes opened and she looked up at him.

"What are you doing?" Her tone was fearful as she gazed up at him.

"It is to help you sleep better my lady, the light of the full moon tends to shine through the curtains brightly at this time of night."

The shackles were hidden below the edge of the bed as he slid the blindfold over her face. "Trust me my lady, when have I ever lead you wrong?"

She shivered but allowed him to blindfold her. He had not harmed her in any way. He had only been kind and gentle. She did trust him and so she lay still as the blindfold slid into place and the brilliant light of the moon was replaced by darkness.

He softly stroked her cheek, feeling his conscience arguing with him about what he was going to do. In the silence that followed the only sound that was heard was the clicking of the shackles as her wrists were chained to the bedposts. Softly he whispered, "Forgive me, my lady, but the master has decided that the time is now. I hope you have made the right decision..."

She stiffened at his words and started to struggle but he had already firmly shackled her. She whimpered in fear. "Please, Lynn. Not this way," she whispered as a single tear slid down her cheek.

He said nothing, only walked away and the sound of the door being opened pierced the night and he was gone.

Small tremors of fear wracked her petite frame as the silence grew heavy. She could hear her harsh breathing in the stillness and the increased beating of her heart was loud in her ears as she lay there helpless awaiting the arrival of Lynn's beast Master. She had thought she would have until tomorrow night to prepare but that offer had apparently not been true. So like a beast to impulsively change its mind. She wished he would come and get it over with. She asked the fates to take her quickly if the pain was too much. Her only regret was that she did not get a chance to tell the mystery man good-bye.

The door opened with a soft creak, a soft breeze blowing through the room, filling it with the scent of roses. The quiet sound of bare feet walking across the flagstones could be heard, accompanied by the sound of smooth silk crumpling to the floor.

Lilandra squeezed her eyes shut even though she couldn't see. Her mouth instantly became dry and her heart beat even harder. She was going to be raped! She felt every muscle in her body tense in dread.

The bed dipped as the unknown visitor moved upon it. However it did not dip as much as it should have. It seemed as if someone much lighter had crawled upon it. Soft, delicately manicured hands slid her dress up her thighs, exposing her pale flesh to the cool night air, gently stroking her skin.

Lilandra noticed none of this as her frightened mind conjured up the horrible pain she imagined she was about to experience. The touch on her skin froze her and confusion set in. It felt like a hand, not a claw. Had the beast decided to let another man rape her in its stead? She whimpered. She was going to become the slut her father had proclaimed her to be.

The figure leaned down, his hot breath brushing the side of her neck moments before delicate fluttering kisses graced its surface. The lips were soft and moist, giving the most exquisite feelings as the hands on her thighs slowly slid up her body. Her midriff exposed, the hands softly massaged her flesh, still heading upwards towards her pert breasts. The movements were gentle, compassionate, seeking to grant her the most pleasure they could possibly conjure up.

She felt her body growing hot and her mind whirled. What was going on? Why did she feel such nice sensations where she was being touched? She blushed when her nipples hardened and a whimper of want slipped from her mouth. She wasn't sure what her body wanted but at the moment she was too busy exploring the new feelings she was experiencing.

The hot breath disappeared from her neck only to moments later fall upon the slope of her breast. Once more the fluttering kisses tickled her skin, heading slowly down to her nipple as the firm globe of desire was grasped by the manicured hands and firmly squeezed in lust.

She gasped and clamped her legs shut even as she shifted. She heard the shackles clank but she couldn't seem to make up her mind if she was moving away or toward the touch of her silent visitor.

The lips upon her nipple suckled like a newborn babe, flicking the hard nub between his teeth. His rough tongue sending shivers of ecstasy through her petite frame. Gently and subtly, his free hand slid down her abdomen once more and tenderly through her downy pubic hair.

When the fingers touched her down there she gasped and whispered, "No, please, don't." She remembered how the mayor had used his fingers on her pussy and how disgusting it made her feel. She didn't want to feel that way again.

Softly, the figure spoke, his voice laced with desire and caring, "Sh, it will only hurt a moment...then you will feel such pleasure."

That voice! She recognized that voice!

"Is it you?" she asked as she went completely still beneath his hands. If it was he then she wanted to see his face if he was going to take her virginity. She could tolerate it if it was the kind man from the forest.

There was a long moment of pause, his hands still upon her body. Quietly he spoke to her once more, his tone still caring and loving, "Yes, the master sent me to prepare you, so you would know the pleasures of a caring man at least once in your lifetime."

"Please, may I see you then? I do not like this blindfold." If it was the man from the forest then she wanted to be able to look upon him as he gave her pleasure. She wanted to remember his face and this night so that she would be fortified for her time with the beast.

Once more there was a moment of hesitation before the blindfold was slowly removed. The figure above her was illuminated by the moonlight as it shone through her window. He looked perfect at this moment, sleek and toned, like a wolf on the hunt.

Her mouth fell open in a perfect "O" of surprise as she gazed on his upper body. The sight of it mesmerized her. Her father and her brothers all had very hairy chests but this man before her had just enough that he didn't look like a youth but didn't look like some disgusting unkempt farmer.

His face formed into a lust filled smile as he leaned down, their lips meeting in a tender kiss, slowly building in passion. Once more his hands began to move across her body, her inner thigh gently being caressed in invitation to open for him.

She didn't refuse him as her legs parted farther and she kissed him back. She'd never been kissed like this. The few kisses she'd been forced to endure had come at the hands of her father and brothers and most recently at the hands of a neighbor's farmhand. She had been disgusted every time but this time it felt different. It made her body flush with heat. Her confused gaze locked on to his face. What were these feelings running through her?

Slowly his inquiring fingertips slid further up her thigh, stroking every inch of flesh that came into reach. The tips tentatively met her moistening lips, slowly slipping up and down their length, feeling them engorge beneath his touch.

"Oh!" she gasped and then closed her legs. That feeling she remembered. It was the one the mayor had caused when his fingers had slid inside her. She turned red in embarrassment and twisted against the shackles.

Once more his hushed, concerned voice was heard. "What's wrong? Did I hurt you?"

She squeezed her eyes closed. How was she to explain to him that another had done those things to her and she had felt dirty but with him it didn't feel that way?

His lips once more met hers gently, hoping to ease the tension within her body. "I will not hurt you, my lady."

"It's not you, it's me," she gasped as she opened her eyes to look at him. Green eyes met blue ones. Hers were wary and afraid. "The mayor, he," she stopped and blushed. "He did what you did but I did not like it," she added.

His hand gently caressed her face, looking deeply into her eyes. "Would it help if you were unshackled, my lady? The master has alas allowed only an hour for me to be with you."

She bit her lip and nodded. The shackles were starting to chafe. Only an hour! But she wanted to be with him longer.

The click of the shackles pierced the quiet air as her wrists came free, "Better?" His aroused member could now be felt resting against her knee, hot and throbbing.

Her eyes widened and she stared at him, afraid to look down. "Yes," she gulped as she clutched at the sheets underneath her.

His hand caressed her face once more, "Look down, it'll help." Against her leg, his member was an easy seven inches, instead of the shocking eighteen inches of his bestial side.

"It's going to fit inside me?" she asked dubiously as she looked at him first timidly then with curiosity.

He smiled and nodded slowly at her, "Indeed, it will easily fit within you."

"All right." She reached out and touched his face, marveling at the soft yet firm cheekbones. Her hand trailed down his face, to his neck and to his chest. She felt that wetness between her legs again and she blushed but she guessed it was all right because he wasn't complaining that her body was doing it.

As his fingers felt the wetness, his smile increased and the tips began to stroke her lips once more. Slowly they circled her clit, watching her reaction.

She felt a moan escape her lips and she opened her legs further. "More, please," she begged.

He gladly granted her pleading request, allowing his fingers to slide within her tight, virgin opening. As he moved them back and forth, he added a scissors movement, gently stretching her to allow for easier entrance for his aching member.

She could feel more wetness coming from her body and her breasts were tingling. "Your name? Please, you've never told me your name," she said even as she arched her back and pushed her lush breasts toward him.

"All will be revealed in time my lady,"

His fingers slowly withdrew from her entrance as his waist slid between her thighs. His head dipped down towards her perfect round globes, once more sucking her teats into his mouth.

She wasn't sure what to do with her hands but then they were going around him to his back. Her nails grazed him.

A long breath came from his lips as he lined his tip up with the mouth of her pussy. He ran the head of his pulsing cock up and down her lips, getting it wet enough for easy penetration. "Are you ready?"

She wasn't but she said, "yes," anyway.

With consent given, his hips gradually leaned forwards, pushing his hot, solid cock into Lilandra's warm, wet, tight depths.

She flinched when she felt the pain and then frowned. The pain only lasted for a moment and she stared at him, wondering what was going to happen next.

When her face frowned in puzzlement, he smirked once more and began to draw his thick length out of her grasping passage. When only the head was still within her, he pushed back into her, a little faster, just enough to intensify the pleasure and make her want more.

Her eyes grew wide and she gasped and then wiggled. She felt full down there and felt a nice warm feeling creeping through her body.

Soft lips touched her neck, tender flitting kisses. The touch was like the wings of a butterfly, light yet felt. Slowly he moved down to her shoulder as he worshipped the skin before him. His artful caresses and kisses stimulated her virgin body and made her moan even louder. 

She was so hot! When was he going to quench this flame? 

His hips sawed back and forth, working his erect member within her. Each stroke stoked the fire within her till it seemed as if she would burn up with the feeling. A fine sheen of sweat coated his muscles as each drive forward was punctuated with a loud slap of skin as his hips met hers.

She felt a budding sensation of something but then it hit her and her body seized up and fine tremors that grew began washing over her body and caused her to cry out her passion in surprise and delight.

Hungrily, he bit down upon her nipple as he felt his own climax rocket towards him. The sudden increased tightness of his lover setting off the most intense pleasure he had ever experienced. He threw his head back and roared in orgasm, the sounds ricocheting off the walls and ceiling. Within her fertile depths, his potent seed exploded forth from his tip. The thick, hot, sticky substance coated her walls and penetrated deep into her womb.

The bite to her nipple made her wince in pain and gasp but then another orgasm hit her at the same time as his and she was drowning in sensations.

Gradually his hips began to slow till he held still within her. His length fully penetrated, plugged and sealed her, holding his life giving sperm within her. His breathing was heavy and coming in long breaths that flowed across her chest. Both of their bodies were coated in a slick layer of sweat and juices that gave the air a sensual aroma.

"I'm glad the beast chose you to be my first," she whispered. "I don't think I could have survived if he had been the one to take my virginity from me." She shuddered as she thought of the pain that would have caused. 

Before she could stop herself, she yawned. She suddenly felt very sleepy. Her eyes started to close but she did manage to ask one last thing before sleep claimed her. She didn't hear his answer however for she peacefully slept.

Softly he bent down and whispered his answer in her ear before slowly sliding from her body and bed. He glanced towards the clock on her wall and realized that his time was almost up. He slid his robe around himself once more and headed out, locking the door behind him once more and heading for his chambers.

Lynn was waiting for him in the hallway. "Hurry sire. You only have five minutes left before your hour is up!"

Aries was not worried however and almost leisurely strolled along the halls. "Her door is locked Lynn, the halls are wide enough to accommodate my wing span, what is there to hurry for?"

"I do not know why I feel such urgency this night. I apologize." Lynn wasn't sure why he was in a hurry to get his master back to the east wing. Even he was confused by his strange behavior.

"Perhaps it is that you feel guilty for shackling her to the bed? Feel free to discard those feelings Lynn. She quite enjoyed it once released. It was my idea and you had no choice."

Lynn gave Aries a startled glance. He had been feeling guilty about blindfolding and shackling the young woman. He had thought it very cruel. He was happy to find out that Aries had released her. The thought of her lying there bound and blind had bothered him a great deal.

Aries walked into his room and hung the robe inside his dressing room, emerging just in time to transform back into the ferocious beast he was cursed to be.

"Master, forgive me for being so bold but may I ask a question?"

Aries twisted his head from side to side, his neck popping loudly as he stretched. Growling softly in satisfaction he nodded in approval. "You know you may ask me anything Lynn. Whether or not you get an answer is another matter."

Lynn gave a rueful chuckle but then grew serious. "Why go to her in your human form? You do know what will happen, don't you?"

"Eventually she will realize the connection Lynn. If she doesn't then alas she will fall victim to a rough night with this side. I'll be damned if I try for six months only to find that she can't make a simple connection."

Lynn shook his head. His master was putting entirely too much faith in the girl. Lynn didn't know if she had it in her to figure it out. And he wasn't sure if his master had time left for such a wait. "As you will it, sire."

Aries walked quietly over to the large balcony and opened the doors wide. The night air flowed in like a tide, cool and crisp. He turned his head back to Lynn a moment and spoke softly. "You saw her reaction to the roses...she will see what truly lies beneath." He spread his wings and dove off the balcony, gliding off into the night once more.

Lynn watched his master go and hoped that Aries’s faith was not misplaced. True the girl was the first to see past the rose but would she be so observant when it came to the man and the beast?