 Chapter 10: I Can't Take It!

Evil lurks in the sunshine, plots to avenge a lie.
Beware my beloved for evil's face is a beautiful one that hides malice.

*******************

The cloaked man looked furtively about. He only had a few more feet to go before he would reach the rebels' encampment. He had seen the fearsome beast as well as the beautiful young lady who had been brought to the castle. She was different from the others. In fact she looked disturbingly familiar but he couldn't place her. Maybe Discious would have an answer. He stopped and let out a series of whistles and clicks. He was soon answered and he proceeded on his way. He stopped outside the ornate tent and took a deep breath before entering the semi-lit interior. He promptly dropped to the ground his forehead pressed against it as he waited for General Discious to speak.

In front of the visitor sat a well built muscular man, his body solid as brick with an impassive gaze to match. His body was covered from head to toe with many scars making his once handsome features grotesque and frightening. At the moment he was studying a map of the surrounding area a bottle of fine vintage wine sat beside him. He brought the bottle to his fat lips and took a long swig of its aged contents. His eyes fell upon the spy kneeling on his floor, and he spoke with a deep voice that had long ago inspired fear into his enemies and courage in his soldiers. It had once been filled with power and elegance; however, age, battle and drink had warped and decayed it to a low, dangerous rumble. "Speak! What information do you bring me?"

"The beast has brought another girl to the castle. And she looks familiar my lord."

"Another lamb to the slaughter then. Familiar how?" Discious raised a thick eyebrow in question, his patience running short already. He was not one for mystery or anticipation. 

"I don't know how to explain it, my lord," the spy nervously stammered. He wished he had a way to show the General the girl's face maybe then the man would understand.

"You may not, but I do." Discious rose from his chair, flexing his gauntlet clad hands and walked towards his spy, Elfred. "You have been good to me Elfred so I will not destroy your mind for not being accurate with important details. I will make you wish I had..."

"No my lord, please, I beg of you, just give me a few moments to remember!" Elfred's eyes widened as Discious approached and he pleadingly raised his hands in front of him. 

"Your time is up Elfred, now it is time to see what you know." Discious' hand hovered above his spy's head as he spoke, his words ominous and cold. His hand descended in a hammer like movement, his iron grip clinching his spy's head in a tight grip that threatened to crush Elfred's skull.

Screams rent the air as Elfred's mind was dissected, probed, examined and evaluated. Finally, Discious found what he had been looking for in the forefront of his spy's mind. What he saw made his blood run cold and his heart to ache painfully. She was almost a mirror image to his wife Zitomira, but he knew they had never borne children. Zitomira's sister, however, had born two sons and a daughter. It was clear to him what the beast was trying to do. He was trying to break the blood curse Zitomira had laid upon his soul. Discious would not let this happen, the beast must suffer for all time for what he had done to the people of {insert name of Zitomira's people.}

Elfred collapsed backwards when released, pale and cold, but still alive. Discious turned to his lieutenant and spoke in a rumble fuelled by growing rage. "Assemble the troops Falcor. We march on the city in two days. And have someone see to Elfred, he will be awakening in a few hours and I do not wish to listen to his screams again."

"Yes, General!" Falcor easily scooped up the much lighter Elfred and carried him from the tent.

"Sssso what did you see?" hissed a voice from the darkest corner of the room.

"I saw a vision of beauty that I thought had been lost to the sands of time. It seems Aquene's daughter has turned up alive and well." Discious' eyes narrowed as he looked at the picture of his wife that sat upon his mantle. 

The hissing increased for a moment before a giant snake-like creature emerged from the shadows. "Aquene had the ssstronger powersss of the two but ssshe chossse not to ussse them. If ssshe did indeed have a daughter thisss would work to our advantage. Are you planning on capturing her?"

"On the contrary, Syn, I plan on rescuing her. When she sees how the beast reacts to his palace being stormed by an angry mob of townsfolk sick of their daughters being murdered, she'll walk right into our open and waiting arms."

"I hope you are right. I have learned that femalesss are not the predictable creaturesss we wisssh them to be."

"This is true...Zitomira was a prime specimen of that, such guile in her. She could worm her way out of a firing squad. Have your spies stir up some trouble in tow. When my men arrive as 'peace keepers' they will gladly back our plan to overthrow Aries. His day of judgment is about to arrive for destroying our people."

"Assss you wisssh, General. I hope this plan of yoursss worksss and that the girl isss grateful." Syn bowed and then disappeared into the night.

Falcor entered a moment later. "Can we trust him? He seems to have his own agenda."

"He has his uses for now...once we have control of the palace we can deal with those useless reptiles."

"Of course, General. The men will be prepared to move in the morning."

"Excellent, now leave me, I have things I must deal with."

He motioned towards his concubines, beckoning them towards his bed. "You may take Maria tonight for your good work Falcor. Be gentle with her, she likes to bite certain places if you are too rough."

Falcor chuckled but held out his hand as the beautiful redhead came to him and they left the tent with her giggles filling the air.

"Ahhh Verina, my beautiful dark shadow, come to me. Show me how much you have missed me." Discious smiled in lust as he motioned to his remaining concubine, her chocolate skin glistening in the warm night air and the scent of fragrant oils tantalized his senses. 

Verina smiled as she slid into his arms.

*********

Lynn looked over the reports he had received and sighed. Trying to find and recruit those who had once served his prince was becoming frustrating. Most had turned to less than stellar ways of living and the few he would trust were missing or dead. He looked at the clock. His prince should be arriving soon to discuss with him his findings. Sighing he rose and headed for the east wing. He entered the room and laid the reports on the table.

The air momentarily shuddered as the beat of leathery wings was heard, accompanied by the soft clicking of talons on marble floor. A few moments later the groans of transformation bounced off the walls as Aries returned to his true form. "Ow..."

"Sire, are you hurt?" Lynn looked at his master in alarm and raced over to take a look.

"It's nothing, I was careless and almost landed on a 'monster' hunter from another land come to 'slay' me." Aries shook his head and ignored the blood dripping from his arm as he reached for a towel to wrap the long gash in.

"It is not just nothing, my lord!" Lynn retorted curtly as he grabbed some salve and moved the towel out of Aries' reach and began working on the gash.

"Then what would you call a five feet tall man armed with a short sword and padded archer armor against...well me?" He hissed and glared at his friend as the salve was applied. "It's no worse than when I was stabbed in the leg with a pitchfork for killing a cow."

Lynn glared at Aries. "This is no joking matter, my liege! Do you wish to die a beast?" he snarled as he finished the salve and firmly bound up Aries' arm.

Aries looked shocked a moment and put his free hand on his hip. "Lynn, a little cut is hardly going to kill me. I've landed in trees that have done more damage than he did, you didn't fret this much when that happened. What's eating you tonight?"

Lynn turned away and stomped over to the table where he had placed the reports. He fought for and regained his composure. "I have been hunting for your loyal soldiers and they are in short supply. The few who could be trusted are dead or missing. And as for getting support from the villages, they have either forgotten you or do not care for corruption has filled them all and they now rule individually. If you want your kingdom back I'm not sure how it will happen."

"The same way my ancestors did...diplomacy and, if necessary, by force." Aries looked into the mirror a moment and sighed long and low.

"Force?" Lynn snorted. "What force, my lord? We HAVE no troops. No one will follow a beast," his voice dripped with bitterness. Once his liege had been revered, feared and respected. But those glory days were long past.

Aries walked over and gently placed his hand on Lynn's shoulder. "We will manage Lynn, you say the villages are full of corruption, yes? Then we can use that to our advantage. If we can keep even one village for now then we will have a foothold from which to work. They did not fear me before because of my looks or my physical ability but because of my mind. Trust me Lynn, all will be well."

Lynn sighed. He had serious misgivings but kept them to himself. "Miss Lilandra is recovering very well. She asked about her mystery visitor. I told her I did not know all your plans and was unaware of the identity of her nighttime visitor. She seemed disappointed but then recovered remarkably well when we went for a walk in the gardens."

"I'm glad that she is doing well." Aries nodded and smiled, turning away from Lynn for a moment to don his robe, the light catching the scars that decorated his back from many battles, keeping his kingdom safe. 

"I worry about her sometimes. There is a sadness she bears but I'm afraid to ask her. And she stops every time to stare at the black rose." Lynn waited for Aries' instructions.

"Perhaps I should leave a specimen in her room then? One wonders what her reaction would be. Press her on why she seems sad, sometimes you have to endure a bit of pain before you can truly see the extent of an old wound."

"Yes, sire. Now, here are the reports. I have ordered them from the most corrupt to the least corrupt, but that isn't saying much. I am also still attempting to locate your four loyal generals that are missing."

"Indeed, it is rather strange that all four would disappear like that. Thank you Lynn, I'll look over them this evening. See to it that the chessboard is setup tomorrow night. I have a feeling our guest may naturally know how to play."

"As you wish. Are you going to disturb her tonight?" Lynn asked.

Aries thought for a long moment as he stared into the mirror. "Yes, I believe I will, but not like this. I've noticed I'm getting a little shaggy in my other form. Tell me, is she any good with a brush and some scissors?"

"I don't know, sire. I don't think I've ever asked. What do you have in mind?" Lynn gave him a sideways look.

The prince smile broadened as he turned to look at Lynn, "Something to ease her tension around me, something to hint that this beast's bark is worse than his bite." He paused for a moment before finishing, "A haircut"

Lynn gaped at him but then belatedly closed his mouth and cleared his throat. "Of course, sire. Do you wish that to be the first thing she does in the morning after breakfast?"

"Indeed, nothing better than a haircut and a bath. It'll give her a chance to also realize that the boa between my legs that she saw a few nights ago doesn't bite either."

"You jest now but we shall see my lord. I will continue to try to find your generals sire. They have to be somewhere." Lynn shook his head.

"Thank you Lynn, that will be all for tonight. Hopefully all will go well tomorrow also."

Lynn left the reports on the table, gave Aries a bow and left his Prince to his thoughts.

Aries lifted the reports from the table and walked over to the balcony, reading by moonlight, thinking to himself as he read each one formulating various plans.

*****

The heat from the morning rays of the sun gently caressed Lilandra's skin waking her. She lay there rubbing the sleep from her eyes before realizing that she was sleeping later in the mornings than she used to on her father's farm. Of course at that time she had gotten up before even the rooster so that she could get all her chores done. She didn't miss the hard work or the pain her father had inflicted on her. He was once was a nice man but when her mother died, he had changed. She sighed as she rose and dressed in a simple, yet elegant yellow gown that complemented her skin and cheered her up. She would not think of such things right then. She was eager for breakfast and for another walk in the gardens.

The sound of the door unlocking signaled the daily arrival of Lynn with breakfast. There was something different this morning though, the air smelled of roses before he entered. As he entered and placed the breakfast-laden tray on the table, the light of the sun struck the thin crystal vase. Inside it was a single thornless black rose in partial bloom.

Lilandra eagerly met him at the door but stopped as her gaze swung to the rose. "For me?" she gasped and reached out to touch it but at the last second snatched her hand back.

"Indeed my lady, the master thought that since you seemed so fond of them that you should be able to examine a specimen without the glass." Lynn nodded, a slightly concerned look on his face. The master's roses had at one time been considered more valuable than gold itself. 

Lilandra blushed feeling chastised by the look on Lynn's face. It wasn't that she didn't want the gift. No one had ever given her flowers before and she was embarrassed by her lack of experience in such matters. She carefully took the container and hugged it to her body, taking a moment to savor the unique smell of the black rose.

Lynn busied himself by laying out her breakfast and the supplies needed to check her almost completely healed wounds. He quietly cleared his throat and spoke as he worked. "The master also has a request. He wants to know if you have experience with managing hair?"

Her head snapped up and she looked at him warily. "I can manage my own decently enough," she replied, not sure what he was asking her.

"It is, alas, not your own that he is inquiring about." There was a set of soft clinks as an elaborate grooming kit, suited for lengthy animal hair, was placed on the table. "As part of your duties for the master he wishes you to groom him when need. This happens roughly every 2-4 weeks."

Lilandra's eyes grew round in fear. She had to do some grooming on the horses but never had she been asked to perform the task for an intelligent talking beast. She trembled. What if she messed up? What if he hated the way she cut? Would she be punished? Would he rape her? Or worse, kill her?

"Yes, yes sir," she stammered as her head dropped down and she looked pointedly at her plate of food which was no longer appealing.

Gently Lynn placed his hand on her arm. His touch was calming and comforting. "You need not worry nor call me sir, my lady. The master simply needs a trim and has grown tired of the hands of an old man cutting off the excess length. Its main purpose is so that he dries quicker when it rains." He chuckled softly as he ate one of the thick pieces of toast on the plate. "To be honest you could probably shave half him bald, trim the rest and dye it pink and I doubt he would care as long as he didn't need to shake himself dry for a couple of weeks."

Lilandra looked at Lynn then and a reluctant smile tugged at her lips. Her nervousness eased somewhat and she began eating. "I will try," she said after a few moments.

"How is the brand doing this morning? Any pain?" He smiled and nodded once more, pouring a glass of juice and a cup of tea for her. 

"No, it feels much better. I am sorry I will forever carry it but I am glad I will not be receiving any more from my father," she replied her voice going soft.

Lynn sat down by her and gently took her hand. "The master and I are also glad that you won't receive any more like that. Now eat up. As soon as your meeting with the master is done, how would you like to explore the orchards? Perhaps even pick some apples?"

"That sounds wonderful." She was still feeling afraid but she would do her best. After all, it was all she had to give.

He smiled broadly and stood up, quietly walking towards the window and looking out over his master's kingdom, letting Lilandra finish her breakfast. On a day like this you could see all the way to what once was the heart of bandit country. Now all that remained of them were stragglers and remnants of their former glory.

"I am ready," Lilandra said, her voice breaking the quiet. She wasn't but the sooner they did this the better off she would be.

"Very well, my lady, your client awaits." He turned and motioned for her to pick up the grooming set before walking to the door and opening it for her with a flurry of grace. 

She held the tools to her chest and walked out into the hall. She followed him as he led her to a different wing of the palace. She hadn't been to this area before and she looked about curiously at the paintings and statues that filled the area.

Each of the paintings was of a former monarch, a portrait done in oil paints or a sculpture done in marble. The last portrait and statue however were missing. She wondered about that but kept silent.

Lynn swung the wide doors open to reveal the beast hanging from the rafters, his eyes closed, his long leathery wings drawn around his body like a bat. Lynn cleared his throat and the dark fur of the beast's face moved, revealing bright, piercing red eyes. His wings unfolded and he flipped down from his resting place landing on the flagstones with a thump and a loud clatter of talons. Straightening up he nestled his wings behind his back and nodded to Lilandra. "Good morning Lilandra."

"Good morning sir!" she stammered and backed up until she bumped against Lynn. Her heart was racing and her eyes were fixed firmly on the beast's face. He was very hairy indeed...

Aries slowly walked over to a stool placed in front of the balcony his wolf like tail swishing back and forth slowly over the seat, as if dusting it, before sitting down. "Begin when you are ready, take a moment to compose yourself and familiarize yourself with your tools." The wound on his arm was still visible although it had begun to heal already. "There is also a needle and some thread on the counter for when you are done."

Needle and thread? She gazed uncertainly at Lynn but his face was unreadable. "Yes sir," she said softly as she reluctantly came to the beast's side and sat the tools down on the table. Most of them were familiar. Two of them she had never seen and so she avoided them. "Where do I start?" She didn't want to begin grooming him in the wrong spot.

The prince held out an arm and flicked out his claws with a graceful movement. "You can start by filing down my nails and clipping off the rough points and edges. Make sure they are nice and smooth otherwise they start irritating their sheaths."

"How, how do I do that?" she asked, still not looking at him. None of the tools looked like things to use on nails. Well except maybe for the file. But he had also said she had to clip his nails. How in the world was she supposed to do that?

Lynn was by her side in a heartbeat and leaned down indicating the nail clipper. "If I may sire?"

The Prince nodded slightly and Lynn picked up the clipper and made sure Lilandra was watching as he clipped away the burrs that had developed as Aries' nails had grown. Once this was done, he took the file and wore away the rough edges till the nail was perfectly smooth.
