 Chapter 11: Run!

Confused heart,
Diverse paths,
Choices are made and kept.


The ride back seemed long to Lilandra who was fretting over what to do. Now that she was out of the presence of the wisewoman, she had doubts as to her next course of action. She didn't want to hurt the beast or Lynn.  She felt sick to her stomach with nervousness. She wasn't sure if she could do this. As the coach rumbled into the constantly deserted courtyard, a chill wind blew across the cobbles, causing goosebumps to rise along her skin as she stepped down onto the stones. She shivered and looked around guiltily before hurrying past Lynn and into the building. She stood in the main foyer and forced herself to be calm. If she acted too scared Lynn would question her to tell him and explaining was not an option.

Lynn quietly followed her indoors, shutting them behind him, sealing out the draught. "It seems the year is moving on my lady, we will need to stoke the fire soon I fear."

She jumped and then gave him a wan smile. "Yes, a fire would be nice." She didn't add that she wouldn't be here for it.

He nodded slowly and gently linked his arm in hers slowly making their way along the dark, shrouded corridors. As she passed the entrance to the east wing, the glint of something metallic in the distance caught her eye.

She stopped in her tracks. "What was that?" She strained to see.

Lynn paused for a moment before pulling her along a little forcefully. "It is nothing that you have need to see my lady, simply some relics from the past the master would prefer to forget."

She looked at Lynn in surprise when his grip tightened and she stumbled as he made her keep moving. What was he trying to hide? But then she felt ashamed. She was hiding things. She could not afford to be angry. She looked down at the floor, lest her face betray her thoughts.

Lynn was strangely quiet as he escorted her back to her room. When they were inside, he moved to the fireplace and began to stack the logs upon it needed to being a strong fire.

Lilandra walked over to the window. She didn't say anything for a moment but then she spoke, her voice soft. "Did you want to serve your Master?"

Without missing a beat he spoke in a sincere tone. "I was serving this family long before the master was born. I watched him be born and grow to the man he has become today."

"You speak of him with affection but if you care so much for him, why did you not stop him from harming other women?"

"I have my reasons my lady and I shall stand by them until the day I pass." He struck the two lighting stones together, sending sparks into the kindling and alighting it.

She shook her head and went back to staring at the window. She couldn't understand such loyalty. She couldn't stand by someone who caused death. Yet here she was. She was so confused! Once she got away from this place she could be safe and alive.

With the fire now burning brightly, he stood up and quietly headed for the door. "I must take my leave now my lady, I hope you sleep well." 

The doors closed with an ominous creak, followed by the now common sound of the lock clicking into place.

She walked to the closet and retrieved her nightgown. She took out the packets the wisewoman had given her and placed them under her pillow. She changed clothes and slid under the covers. After several minutes she fell into a restless sleep.

*  *  *  *  *

The sound of the lock turning in to the open position pierced the crisp morning air. The scent of ash tinted the stagnant air, the fire having died hours earlier. 

As the door opened, the clink of crockery awoke Lilandra from her slumber. She roused slowly but then came fully awake when she realized that Lynn was in the room. She tried to still her panic. Had he found the two packets? "Good morning." She hoped her voice didn't sound strained.

Lynn sounded as jovial as ever as he began setting out her breakfast. "Good morning my lady, did you sleep well?"

"Yes." Which was a lie. She hadn't slept well at all. But if she said as much then Lynn would hound her into talking about it and that was something she didn't want to do.

"I am glad my lady, perhaps you would like to tour the castle this day? We have not had the chance for some time."

"That would be fine." She came and sat down and ate the prepared breakfast quickly. She looked at him and then at her nightgown, hoping he would take the hint and walk outside so that she could get dressed.

Quietly tidying up, he picked up the tray, and left the room to give Lilandra a chance to get dressed. 

Once he was gone, she hastily dressed, put the packets inside her corset and quickly brushed her hair. She knocked once on the door to let Lynn know she was ready.

The door opened and he offered her his arm. "You look amazing this day my lady."

"Thank you sir." She nervously plucked at the emerald green dress. It wasn't too tight like some of the other dresses and breathing was easier. She wondered which part of the place they would see today. So far he had shown her the gardens and the west wing. That still left a lot of area to cover.

Gently he began to lead her down an unknown corridor. It seemed to be more antique than the others and had more traditional decoration. "Today I think we shall explore the south wing, it is the area of the castle dedicated to the Master's parents."

Her eyes widened but she said nothing. She did look about and take note of the route Lynn was taking. 

As the pair progressed along there were paintings and tapestries portraying life before the dark days. Each was a grand piece of work that had taken weeks to complete. Lynn described the events depicted in each.

Lilandra was feeling overwhelmed. There was a lot of history in this place and she could feel it pressing in on her. Almost as if those of the past were judging her. She felt the guilt return for what she was going to do to Lynn. He had been a good friend to her and to have to drug him pricked her conscience. Drugging the beast however did not bother her. It was he who was holding her captive.

Gradually, the themes of the paintings and tapestries became darker and darker, descending into times of war and hatred. Finally, in front of them lay a great horizontal painting, at least 25 meters long. Its theme was the most gruesome and brutal of them all. It depicted a war zone. At the close end was a huge gorilla like man leading an invasion force into the lands of the Prince. At the far end were a regal pair, recognizable as his parents, but just barely, their faces were scarred and their hair matted with blood from the ferocious battles the days before.

Lynn seemed to gaze off as he recounted the memory of the day, "This is the last day that I or the master saw his parents alive. This was their last stand against the invading hordes who wished to conquer this land." A tear came to his eye as he continued. "I was there when they fell, fighting side by side with them, including the master. I held them in my arms as their life faded away. Their one wish was for me to look after their son no matter what the cost. I gladly accepted, for those who had given their lives for this land ask nothing but what truly matters. When their death became apparent to the master his grief was overwhelmed by his anger. An incredible rage over took him and he fought harder than ever, tooth and nail. This inspired the others and brought courage to the troops. Even though terribly outnumbered, the sheer force of retribution drove back the hordes and the land was saved."

"He was a general then in the Great War?" She was of course dimly aware of the war. Her mother had often spoken of it.

"Indeed, he was the leader of the former bandits. Their people however were scattered to the four winds decades ago. Who knows where they reside now.”

"So the beast was human once?"

"That I cannot say my lady, it has been too long to remember. Perhaps we should return, it is most likely near lunch time and the master will surely be hungry this day."

"Hungry?" she gulped. Would she finally be forced to dine with the beast? Until now she had eaten in her room or with Lynn.

"Indeed my lady, his appetite is not as frequent as humans and so I will need the full time to prepare it and an extra set of hands would be greatly appreciated."

"Of course," she stammered uneasily looking as if she were going to faint.

With a questioning glance, he held his arm out for her. "Are you all right, my lady? You look a little pale."

"I'm fine." Images of the beast ripping her to pieces and having her for a meal ran through her mind. She had to escape today. Waiting for nighttime was not an option.

Lynn nodded and slowly began walking back towards the entrance to the long corridor. "So, did you enjoy our little excursion today?"

"Yes it was very informative." And it had been. She had learned some unknown history about their region. Her mother had always said knowledge was a good thing.

A smile crossed his wrinkled features and he winked at her. "Was I right in seeing a blush come across your cheeks when you saw the portrait of the master’s father? While awaiting her answer, he slid the door to the kitchen back allowing the hot, slightly stuffy air to flow over them.

"Sir!" She had blushed a little. The man had been handsome.

He chuckled softly and motioned towards the cupboards. "Could you get out the lard while I fetch the pans?"

She obediently brought out the lard and then hastily dumped the contents of the two pouches into it. Thankfully the powder was cream colored and easily blended in with the mixture. She carried the jar over to the table.

He put several large scoops of it into the pan and brought out three large slabs of beef placing them inside. As they began to cook, he hummed to break the silence.

She watched him work and again the niggling of her conscience cried at her to tell him the truth.

He sniffed for a moment, as if smelling something not quite right, "Hmmm something doesn't seem right with these steaks..."

He bent over the pan, sniffing at the contents as he pondered what it could be that he smelled.

She felt her heart race and then she hurried over. "How often do you cook steaks? Is it every time he's hungry or is it a delicacy?" She leaned forward and sniffed. "Father would often make me cook steak. I would get beaten if they were cooked wrong." She unconsciously flinched at the memories.

"Almost every time he is hungry my dear, there is little else with the toughness he prefers in his meals. Ah, I know what it is."

His eyes lit up as he stood up and reached for a jar of spices, picking out various powders and granules, sprinkling each into the pan with care. "The Master likes his food to have a bit of fire to it."

She belatedly realized she had been holding her breath. "A bit of fire? Must be an in town thing. On the farms we eat our food bland or plain."

Lynn looked shocked for a moment, "Then you don't know what you are missing out on my lady. Here," he placed a small packet of mixed spices into her palm. "Try this with your next dinner. But be sure to bring a glass of water. Especially if you get it in your eyes by accident. It can cause horrible pain if it isn’t washed out immediately."

"I can't." She started to hand it back to him. She was feeling like the worst of criminals for what she was going to do Lynn. Maybe the advice from the wisewoman wasn't so, well, wise.

"No, no, my lady. I have plenty and you look like you could use a bit of pep in your life. At worst you could use it to defend yourself against those horrid mongrels in town."

She closed her palm around the packet and cradled it to her body. She would keep it and remember him by it. He was the only thing she would miss from this strange place.

As the steaks came to readiness, he tipped them onto a large platter and with her help, loaded it onto a small-wheeled cart. On the lower level, a jug of almost pitch colored liquid swirled and bubbled.

She said nothing as they headed toward the forbidden east wing. Her heart was racing and she only hoped that powders would do their work and put both the beast and Lynn to sleep. She shivered as Lynn knocked on the door and opened it. She stood as close to the door as possible.

The deep rumbling voice of the beast could be heard as the door slowly swung open with an eerie silence, "On time as always Lynn, my thanks."

"You're welcome. I thought maybe you and Miss Lilandra would like to dine together."

Lilandra looked in Lynn's direction and tried very hard not to panic. She couldn't dine with the beast. If she ate the food then she would fall asleep too.

The Prince shook his head and walked back towards the long table in his chambers, "Not tonight Lynn, there is something that I wish to speak to you about."

"Of course. Shall I take Miss Lilandra back to her room then?"

Aries nodded and slowly lifted the trays over to the table, setting them down at two places. "That would be advisable, however I think we should give her some leeway, she has grown fond of this place you have told me. So perhaps we should leave the door unlocked tonight. After all, even if she were to run, there is only the village and we know how they reacted to her selection, don't we?"

She didn't dare look at him so she kept her eyes on the floor. She could feel the heat of Lynn's gaze on her as he pondered his Prince's words. "I agree, sir. She has earned the right to have some freedom. I will escort her to her room and then come back to you sir."

Aries nodded once more and waved his hand in dismissal before moving over to the window gazing at the mist-covered moors around the castle.

Lynn quickly took Lilandra back. "Please, milady, keep to the paths you know and don't stray too far. Evening is approaching and I wish to find you safe when I come to check on you later."

"Yes Lynn," she replied meekly as she entered her room and watched as the door closed. She would wait two hours and then make her escape.

*  *  *  *

Lynn returned to Aries' chambers. "My prince, why the decision to give her such freedom?"

Aries smiled and winked at his friend. "By doing this we will gain her trust more fully and she will be more likely to break the curse. Now my friend, let us dine on this fine meal you have prepared."

Lynn smiled as he sat. "It is has been a while since we've dined together. And it is an excellent idea. I fear earning her trust will be hard. She did not have an easy life and that father of hers did a lot of damage to her emotions and body."

"Indeed, but all things come to pass with time and patience." Aries lifted the lid from his tray and breathed deep the wide array of tantalizing scents that wafted up from his meal. "Ah, as fine as always Lynn."

Lynn grinned as he sat aside his own much smaller portion. He began eating, savoring the taste of the meat. He had to admit that it tasted even better than usual.

The prince rapidly devoured the platter with his usual lack of grace, the room filled with the sounds of meat being torn to shreds for a few minutes.

Lynn was immune to the sight though he did remember with a grimace how it had disgusted him when he had first seen it. He had long ago lost such reactions and settled into the patient person he was. His prince needed him. That was all that mattered.

Aries finished with a flourish of his fangs and an appreciative belch. The air strongly scented with the spices that had accompanied the meal. However, there was something else there now, something he hadn't noticed at first. As the he began to sniff the air, the room began to spin before him.

"Aries?" Lynn asked, rising quickly from his seat when Aries swayed on his feet. He started to move closer but the smell in the air was funny and he felt lightheaded. "My prince," he gasped as he collapsed to the floor unconscious, the last thought he had was that no one was going to be around to protect Lilandra.

The Prince roared loudly in rage as he realized he had been drugged. His body was resisting, but it was a losing battle. Gradually, he fell to his knees, then to his face upon the floor.

*  *   *

Lilandra anxiously paced about, every so often checking the time. When it was exactly two hours after Lynn had left her, she ventured out of her room and went back to the beast's section of the place. She pushed open the door and froze as her eyes took in the scene. Lynn was asleep on the floor as was the beast. She couldn't believe the wisewoman's stuff had worked. She let out a hysterical laugh and ran back to her room. She stuffed a dress and several pairs of pants and shirts into a sack. She regretfully slid the satin slippers off her feet and put on a pair of sturdy winter boots. Without a backwards glance she ran from her room to the stables. She quickly saddled a horse, swung up into it and made her escape to the town. She had to get to the wisewoman and then from there go into hiding where the beast would never find her.

*  *  *

In the dead of night, not far from the town, the sound of hoof beats pierced the night, but not the regal beat of a palace horse. The tempo suggested something bigger, stronger and far more volatile. As the horses came into view it was clear that they were warhorses. Their course was headed straight for the village.

Syn and his group of warriors followed not far behind the humans. The girl was not to be harmed but these men were not the most trustworthy. He didn't know why Discious had hired these lowlifes. Hissing orders he sent his men into the surrounding forest. If the human female had done as Discious ordered, then the girl would be coming into their trap tonight.

The horses came to a stop around the rear of the Wisewoman's shack. The mercenaries dismounted and unceremoniously hammered on the door for a moment before it was opened, revealing the wisewoman. "We've come for the girl."

"She's not here yet. But she will be soon. You must get out of sight. She will spook if you are in here."

The man growled at her in annoyance, but did as he was instructed, stepping back outside and leaning against the back wall.

It didn't take long for Lilandra to arrive in the village. She uneasily noticed that none of the people would look at or even acknowledge her. She urged the horse toward the outskirts where the wisewoman lived. She slowed the horse to a walk and dismounted at the walkway. "Ma'am. I'm here," she called softly as she knocked on the door.

The door opened and wisewoman ushered her inside. "It took you long enough. I was beginning to think you didn't have it in you."

Lilandra looked at her feet and didn't reply.

"That's all right dear." The woman patted her on the back. "I promise that your NEW life will be so much better."

The back door burst open to reveal the unpleasant mercenary. When his sharp eyes laid upon Lilandra a filthy grin spread over his face. He moved towards her with a saunter in his step, his tight pants already showing what was on his mind, "This the girl? Damn she is pretty. I bet she's just aching for a real man after all that time with that beast."

Lilandra stumbled backward, her eyes wide in shock. Her confusion showed as she glanced from the wisewoman to the man. "What is this?"

"It's your destiny. You wanted to be free. This is the only way. Trust me child. Who would you rather have you? A filthy beast whose cock will kill you or a real man's dick that will give you pleasure and not steal your life?"

"Neither!" Lilandra cried and ran for the front door.

The mercenary moved quickly though, grabbing her long hair and dragging her backwards. "Yeah that’s right, I like my women to be feisty!" He dragged her outside, heading for a low bench in the back yard, taking off his belt. "For the next hour bitch, you are mine. Then my buddy is gonna have you, then his buddy, then his buddy's buddy. All the way till every man in this county is satisfied."
