 Smegger_29 and myself (Kita) would like to thank all our readers who have stood by us and kept up with this enchanting story. If you enjoy this story, please check out our other effort, "Onyx Dreams," written under the name of kitazkitten.

Flight

Lilandra had fallen asleep again. Her dreams were plagued with such nightmares that she came abruptly awake, a scream lodged in her throat. "Not real," she muttered before getting up to check on Lynn.

A cough broke the silence as Lynn stood behind her, sitting on a chair in the shadow of the doorway. "It does not do well to trust the village midwife on matters other than birth, does it my lady?"

She stumbled back and barely managed to keep herself from landing on her butt. "You scared me!" She glared accusingly at him though she was relieved he was alive and well.

"That was the point. I believe that somewhat repays the debt for drugging me, my lady."

He slowly rose from the chair obviously struggling with the lingering after affects of the drug he had been given. "You are fortunate the master is not affect by such things for long."

She looked at the floor then, guilt returning. "I'm sorry. It was wrong of me. I, I was afraid."

"It is alright. Few do trust the master. His appearance is quite shocking most of the time. Perhaps you could do me a favor and help me back into bed. I do not feel entirely well."

She hurried over and let him place his arm over her shoulders. Together they made it to the bed, she pulled the covers back and helped him lie down. She startled when the clock chimed midnight. It didn't seem like it should be that late.

As the clock rung out its hours, Lynn let out a soft groan, the master would be changing back now, and usually he would be in the mood for a bath. He hoped he would not be disappointed, given the circumstances.

"Are you all right?" Worried that he was more hurt by the drug than he was admitting, she checked his forehead for signs of fever. He didn't feel warm.

He shook his head, gently taking her hand. "It's nothing. Just felt a little dizzy for a moment. Could you perhaps fetch me a glass of water, my lady?"

She looked around and picked up the pitcher. It was empty. "I'll be back. There is no water in this."

Nodding, he watched her head for the door, noting her light steps, and sat in silence as it clicked into place. It was not long before the silence was broken by the sound of the handle turning once more. The footsteps were different, heavier this time, the tell tale sign of his master.

*   *   *

Lilandra hurried to the kitchen, refilled the pitcher and grabbed a second one, filling it as well. She had much to atone for and knew that no matter what she did, the choice she'd made would haunt her. On her way out she snagged a loaf of bread. Thoughts about what to do to be forgiven were foremost on her mind as she entered the room and stopped. The man who had taken her virginity was standing next to the bed, speaking quietly to Lynn.

The pair did not notice Lilandra at first, their voices hushed. "My prince, are you sure you are all right? You were limping when you came in."

"I am more concerned about you, old friend. You will be off your feet for a few days yet."

She knew it! The man from the forest was a prince! Now she was more confused. How had the prince gotten hurt? Maybe he had run into the wolves in the forest. Or perhaps something else had happened. She shifted and her hip bumped against the table. She winced when it creaked.

Aries turned and glared at the noise. He relaxed when he realized it was Lilandra. "Ah my lady, I was just saying good evening to Lynn after checking on his health. But I fear I must return to work, good night, my lady." He began walking for the door, his limp pronounced.

She stared at his leg, her mind stirring. The injured leg was important but she couldn't remember why. "You are hurt. Let me help you, my prince." Awkwardly she attempted to curtsy.

He waved dismissively. "No. you need not curtsy. I am no real Prince. A Prince of the forest perhaps, but nothing more. I will be fine, it's just a scratch from driving off wolves from the stock in the fields." He paused as he remembered to feign surprise at her appearance. "By the gods! What happened to you? You look as if you've slept in a slaughter house."

She turned red and looked away. "It was a slaughter," she mumbled. "I'm sorry! I shouldn't have said that! I'm being ungrateful. I will get clean as soon as I'm allowed to."

Lynn chose to intervene, hoping to give his master time to disappear. "It's all right my lady. I believe I will be fine while you bathe in the master's bath next door. I can personally assure you he will not mind."

"Thank you." With another awkward curtsy she set the pitchers and bread down and hurried through the door Lynn pointed at.

Aries turned to Lynn bowing respectfully. "I believe I owe you yet another debt of gratitude old friend. Thank you. Now I must take my leave, the night wears on and I have little time left."

"Be careful, my prince. I do not know what to make of her now. I did not think she had it in her to attempt to harm us. I am sorry my judgment was flawed and my belief in her misplaced."

Aries frowned. "I do not believe she meant us harm. If she had, would she not have slain us as we slept?" Giving Lynn a subtle wink, he left, his boots echoing in the quiet night air.

Lynn pondered Aries's words. Though he had told Lilandra everything was fine, it was not. His trust and respect for her were shaken. He should've known that she was like the others. Unable to see past her own nose, worried only about herself. No, he would watch her carefully and be more vigilant. Aries must continue to live. He was not about to let a slip of a young woman kill his prince and friend.

*  *  *

Syn and his men left the forest taking a little used trail to bring them to the predetermined meeting spot. He stepped into the center of the ring of rocks and patiently waited on General Dicidious. He wanted to report and be on his way back to the remains of the mercenaries. His men were hungry and so was he.

Dicidious quietly walked out of the shadows, the moonlight glinting off the various pieces of metal that lined his armor and weapons. He checked the clearing, clearly displeased when he did not see what he sought. "My prize?"

"Lossst. The men you hired were dessstroyed by the beassst."

Dicidious raised an eyebrow glaring at his reptilian ally. "And yet you somehow managed to escape unscathed."

"We did not attack. Your mercenariesss refusssed our help. Ssso we only watched and learned. The beassst is not invincible. He can be killed." Syn hissed in pleasure at the thought of ripping into the winged beast. He was sure it would be very tasty.

A low growl came from Dicidious as he advanced on Syn, easily lifting him from the ground in the iron grip of his hands. "I give you a simple task. Bring the girl to me, and you WATCH?"

Syn hissed low and threatening. His men slithered from their spots and surrounded the general.

"I sssuggessst you put me down or my malesss will feassst on your flesssh."

From the shadows farther into the forest came the distinctive clicks of crossbows being loaded. The general pulled him in close, his breath hot on Syn's scales. "Find her, do not fail me this time. Or else you and your friends will become a throw rug for my tents."

The gathered lizards hissed their anger but at Syn's nod they backed down. "It ssshall be asss you command, General."

"Good." He dropped him, glared for emphasis, turned and headed back into the shadows of the forest.

Syn picked himself up and headed in the opposite direction, his men following silently behind him.

*  *  *

Lilandra finished washing and climbed out of the bath, thankful that it had running water. It was the one thing she had hated the most about living in the forest. No city conveniences. Everything had to be hand carried and when you had two vain sisters-in-law who insisted on taking a bath daily it became tedious and aggravating. She looked around and spotted a towel and robe. She would have to use it until she could get back to her own room and get proper attire. A sense of contentment stole over her and she began to sing.

"My love, one heart

My soul, never part

To caress, to hold

To dare, be bold

My love, my life

My hand, your wife

To dream, to please

To protect, with keys

My love, so sacred"

The sound of wings beating the air was heard. Moments later, Prince Aries, in beast form, swooped onto his balcony, shaking his fur dry from the snowstorm that had begun outside.

Lynn walked quietly over to his side and inclined his head toward the bathing room. He was mesmerized by Lilandra's voice, surprised that she could sing and do so beautifully.

Aries looked at his servant a moment, then his gaze followed. His ears listened intently to the song that was being sung from the other room. Quietly, he took slow steps towards the door, his talons clicking lightly upon the flagstones.

"My body, is yours

My love, open doors

To love, to touch

Give kisses, so much

Hold me, feel free

Trust me, please see

Dance here, lead you

Forever mine, yes true."

She finished drying off her body and hair. Wrapping the towel around her hair and up into a twist until she could find a brush, she donned the robe, tying it tight. Steeling herself, she gathered up the ruined clothes and reached for the doorknob.

He took a step back from the door, quicker than he intended, his talons clattering loudly upon the cold flagstones.

She heard the noise and froze. Her heart thumped hard in her chest. But when it didn't happen again she opened the door and went still. The beast was back and Lynn next to him. I will not be afraid, I will not be afraid, she kept telling herself over and over.

Aries cocked his head to the side, looking intently at her, as if predicting her worth at market. "You have the voice of an angel my lady. I am most impressed."

"You heard me?" She was embarrassed by the thought. She hadn't realized she was singing that loudly and why did he think she had a beautiful voice when he knew it wasn't true? Maybe it was his beast nature that kept him from hearing how bad she sounded. "I am not that good. How is your leg?" A change of topic would be safer.

He turned away from her his wings folding neatly behind his back. "It will be fine in a few days, a minor inconvenience. As for your singing...I have excellent hearing, I would be able to hear you clearly even if you were whispering 100 paces away."

This bit of news made her afraid. Just how much did he hear then when she was in her room alone? Terror gripped her. But she kept her expression blank. "That is interesting."

Lynn cleared his throat. "Maybe you should escort Miss Lilandra back to her room."

Aries considered this for a moment, the air seeming to grow colder as he did so and nodded. "Very well, it has been sometime since I have wandered through my own halls." He held his wing out for Lilandra to take, waiting patiently.

She looked at him and nervously put her hand on it, the soft feel of the wing surprising her. From a distance it had looked scaled. It was interesting to learn the texture was more featherlike.

He changed his mind, his wing coming free, fluttering briefly before joining the other one to settle down on his back. He extended a hairy claw and gently wrapped her wrist in its soft downy warmth. They began the quiet walk back to her rooms.

She walked ramrod straight. Fear made her breathing harsh. She didn't quite trust Lynn about them forgiving her. She had almost killed them both and if she were in their place, seeking retribution would be first on the to-do list.

The only sound as they walked along the corridor was the distinct clicking of talon and the deep breathing of the beast, clouds of steam flowing from his nostrils in great bouts as he took each breath.

"It's gotten colder." She shivered. It didn't seem like she had been here long but it was almost the winter season. That meant she had been here five long months. Surprisingly the beast had only made the one attempt at her body.

He nodded to himself, deep in his thoughts. This close to him, the sounds of his wild member could be heard stirring inside his pants. If she were to take the time to look down, she would also see it moving like a python beneath the material.

She heard the movement and kept gazing straight ahead. She wouldn't have anything to do with his penis, not even if he put a bow around it to make it look better. He would tear her apart with it. And she'd rather live.

He looked over to her a moment, "It moves only because it senses your fear. If you do not fear it then it will not harm you."

They were at her door and she pulled away from him. "How can I NOT fear it!" she blurted out, her gaze on his face. A face that wasn't human but animal, with long fur and a muzzle that barely concealed sharp teeth.

"The same way that you do not fear a hungry wolf. If you show it kindness and feed it then it will not harm you." His hand rested heavily on her shoulder.

The weight froze her in place. Her green eyes wary and uncertain. "Wolves and those who act like them have always given me reason to fear." 

"Then you know not what it is like for the wolf. Hunting out of need each night, being hunted by farmers and skinners. torchlights instinctively bringing fear."

He sounded like he knew those feelings. But then he would know, he was the beast and was hated. She looked at him and felt a curious flutter in her heart. "You're right, I don't know." Her expression softened.

As they arrived at the door to her room, he swung it open in silence, gently pushing her inside. "The door will be left open, but you've had a long day. Get some sleep."

"Sir!" She started to say something but then shook her head and went inside.

Aries sighed softly and turned, walking away towards the main hall. Deciding differently he turned off into a side gallery with the words 'Private' stamped above the door.

Lilandra replaced the robe with a long velvet red nightgown. The chill seemed to lessen and grateful she put on some slippers. She eyed the open door and made a choice. She would never know anything if she didn't start paying attention. Silently she left the room and began to explore.

Two hours later she stood at the foot of the stairs that led to the forbidden wing. Curiosity got the best of her. Ascending the stairs she paused. A moment of misgiving but then she carefully opened the door and slid inside staying in the shadows.

In front of her, as if by magic, the light sprang to life at her presence. The next flared brightly a second later, followed by another and still others, all the way along and around the huge amphitheater styled room. In the center of it, visible from the balcony she had walked on to, was a tall metallic spire. The sight was breathtaking and humbling. She felt small compared to the majestic feel of the room. Why would Lynn forbid her from seeing this place? Thoughts on why were considered and discarded. There was no reason for being denied entrance to this area.

As she cast her eyes around the room pieces of charred, dented and damaged armor caught her gaze. Vividly colored tapestries stood beside them, various forgotten noble houses of the realm. However, if she concentrated for a moment, she could almost feel a sense of foreboding about the spire in front of her, as if something horrific had happened. There was evil here. She knew how that felt. It was the feeling she got whenever her father had been about to hurt her or when one of the men in town was thinking of forcing their unwanted attentions upon her. The spire was death. Suddenly she felt as if she couldn't breathe. Spinning around she hurried toward the door.

The hulking form of Prince Aries however blocked the doorway. A deep, menacing growl came from his throat, showing his growing rage. "How dare you!"

Lilandra stumbled back, a cry on her lips. "Please," she stammered as she tripped over her feet in her hurry to escape him.

He stalked forwards with a hunter's grace, his talons clicking with a terrifying precision with each step. His wings spread outwards instinctively and his claws looked strangely sharper than usual. "I lay down simple rules for you to follow. Do not enter this wing. Yet somehow that thick head of yours could not contemplate that fact. Perhaps I should teach you the consequences of coming in here!"

Giving a fearful squeak as he roared the last words, she dove to the left around him and ran out the door. She didn't scream but her harsh breathing was heard in the silence as she fled blindly from the castle and into the forest. Her foremost thought was to live.

Lynn had made his way from the Master's chambers to the kitchen and was on his way back when he heard hurried footsteps. He stopped and turned to the east wing when he saw Lilandra run by him. He called out to her but she didn't hear him as he watched her disappear around the corner. With a worried look he made his way to his master. "Sire?" Peering about in the darkness he didn't see Aries and his worry turned to alarm.

A deep growl came from Aries once more, his eyes gleaming in the dim light. "She knows too much Lynn. I'm afraid it may be too late for her now."

Lynn's expression was grim. "What did she see? Did she touch anything?"

"I found her inside here, there is nothing more that needs to be said." He walked over to the tall windows, leaning on the strong railings. "Find her Lynn, find out what she knows and bring her back here."

"Sire, as much as I'd like to obey your orders, I don't believe I should be the one to do this. It is YOUR rule she broke and I have not completely recovered from the drug in my system. I would never be able to catch or track her."

Aries eyes slitted and he tried to glare at Lynn but found he could not. He was right after all. Aries had made the rule to ensure the curse would not be violated. He should be the one to find her and bring her back. To find out the truth of what she knew. The conditions of the curse were already broken; he would stay a beast forever. He turned without a word and moved with surprising silence along the hallway, exiting through the nearest doorway and taking to the skies.

*  *  *

Lilandra ran until she tripped and fell face first into a thorny bush. It took her a few minutes to extract herself. she felt the blood running from the scratches, her breathing hard. She tried to calm down. Why had she run? She wasn't sure only that the beast had scared her badly with his ferocity. She didn't know if she wanted to go back or take her chances in the forest. Rising slowly she continued farther into the woods.

Syn and his men watched from the trees. The young woman was beautiful. No wonder Dicidious wanted the lass. She was stunning. At the moment she didn't look it with the scratches but when cleaned up, well that was another matter entirely. Hissing softly the lizard men agilely climbed the branches as they got into position to capture the unsuspecting woman.

Aries soared through the dusk skies, his eyes searching the forest with sharpness, hoping to catch a glimpse of Lilandra. The forest was a dangerous place for those without unique gifts. For mere mortals the forest was a death wish come to life.

Hearing a faint rustling to her left, she froze, her heart racing. Please, let it not be wolves. Fleeing into the forest had not been such a good idea after all. Cautiously she started forward again.

Syn gave the signal and the men dropped from the trees easily surrounding the female. Syn hissed in pleasure when she fearfully screamed. "You will come with usss," he ordered.
