 First smegger and I would like to apologize for the delay between chapters. Much thanks to all those who showered us with their support and encouragement. We also wanted to let our readers know that we are working on a website that will give you even more on the stories the two of us write here at literotica. If you'd like more info feel free to email us.

Chapter 13

"My lord! Miss Lilandra!" Lynn ran over to them and cried out in dismay as he glimpsed Aries's wounds. "No, no!" Roughly he pulled her off Aries's body. He could tell that the bites were from wolves. It meant that his Prince would be hurting for a long time as the wounds healed. It took him several minutes to move Aries closer to the window and toward the light. Rushing from the room he headed for the kitchen where he snatched up towels and boiling water and hurried back. 

*  *  *

Lilandra groaned and sat up. Blinking in surprise she looked about. "Lynn?" Scrambling to her feet she started for the door but stopped when she heard a groan. Turning she spotted the Beast. He looked terrible. Gathering up the hem of her dress she hurried to his side. "You're alive." She gently ran fingers over his fur. She frowned when she saw the blood.

"Get away from him!"

"What!" she jumped and guiltily spun around to face an enraged Lynn. 

"It is your fault he is hurt, you silly little naive girl! He told you those woods were dangerous, how many times will it take for you to learn!" Ignoring her hurt look, Lynn sat the water down and dipped a towel in it. Pressing it to one of the wounds he carefully began cleaning it.

She watched him for a moment and considered leaving. It was clear Lynn didn't want her near Aries. She started for the door.

"If you leave I will personally drag you to your room and chain you to the bed!"

"Stop yelling at me! I said I was sorry! What more do you want from me!"

"I want you to stop being such a selfish little child and give my master what he needs!"

She blanched then. "I cannot have sex with him. He would tear me apart!"

"You are such a fool, Lilandra. That is not what he desires most from you but you are just like all the others that come here. Thinking only of yourself and preserving your precious body." His words were scathing and burned at her conscious. A moan stopped Lynn's rant. "Master?"

"Lynn, don't be so harsh on her. She is only just a girl."

"That, that girl almost got you killed!"

"Yes but she got me back here to you and your capable hands." Aries opened his good eye and looked over at Lilandra, his voice tiring. "How did you get us here?"

"I'm not sure. A voice told me to think about Lynn and the next thing I know we are here. I don't remember much after that."

"However you managed it, for this I thank you."

"Please, sir, let me tend your wounds." Lilandra blushed shyly and looked down at the floor. "After all you got them saving me from those creatures."

"The wolves are," Lynn started to say more but was interrupted by Aries.

"It was the Reptilia who accosted her. The wolves came after."

Lynn paled and gazed sharply at Lilandra. "What did they say to you?"

"Nothing. They did tell him that I was their prey."

"This is not good. The Reptilia are hired as mercenaries and they never, ever just leave their prey behind."

"Very true Lynn. We will speak about it later. But for now, let her tend my wounds."

"Very well." Lynn moved away from Aries's side. "I will get more water."

Lilandra and Aries were silent until Lynn left the room. Still not looking at Beast she picked up a towel, soaked it and applied it to a wound. She worked that way for several minutes.

He watched her movements, noticing the blush that highlighted her cheeks. He disagreed with Lynn. He believed that maybe she was starting to understand. He reached out a claw and touched her hair. She froze at his touch. Ah, so there still was some fear. He hoped that one day it would go away. "It is all right, little one. I had never noticed how fine your hair really is."

"It's like my mother's. Her hair was so soft and long. Sometimes she'd let me braid it." She looked at him then, her eyes brimming with tears. 

He nodded slowly, his breathing becoming slow as the room slowly began to spin, feeling weak now. "So familiar, hair like silk..."

"Beast?" She shook him, trying to be careful. "Beast, please wake up! Lynn will blame me if you fall unconscious."

He shook his head a moment, trying to clear the cobwebs unsuccessfully, for a moment he looked scared, wondering if perhaps this time would be the last he would see this world. Slowly his eyes began to slide closed as darkness began to take over his vision, stealing him from the conscious world.

"Oh no! Not again. Oh please wake up!" A hasty glance at the door momentarily stayed her panic. Lynn wasn't back yet. Looking about she spotted the cushions on the divan and grabbing one dragged it over to Beast. A moment of struggle but then she managed to lift his shaggy head and lay it gently on the cushion. She took a second to look at his wounds. The worst of them appeared to have stopped bleeding. That was good. Getting up she went to the small cabinet that she had once seen Lynn open and discovered a jar of salve. Going back to Beast's side, she liberally slathered the odd-smelling ointment on every wound no matter how small. She would not let him die because of her silliness.

The horrifying scent of the salve filtered through the stench of blood, filling his nostrils. It sent shockwaves through his senses, jolting into his brain like lightning. The good eye opened again and a disgusted groan was heard.

Relief set in when she noticed him looking at her. "Good you are awake again. Does it hurt anywhere else besides where I put the medicine?"

He wrinkled his snout, snorting out, trying to dislodge the wrenching smell of the salve. "It's demolishing my nose so I can't tell..."

"I'm sorry!" She didn't know what else to do. She had only made things worse. Would she never get it right? Probably not. She was nothing but a problem. Her father had been right. She backed away from Beast staring at the floor as she did so. "I'm being a pest. I'll go sit over in the corner and stay out of your way."

His large furry hand gripped her wrist with gentle firmness. "If Lynn gave up every time I thought he was being a pest do you think I would still be here? I have almost given my life to ensure your safety, the least you can do is see that I live to regret it." A soft sound, almost like a chuckle was heard from him, followed by a wince, this was going to hurt when he changed back to human form.

Her mouth opened but then she closed it. Fear of him was rapidly vanishing as she tried to understand the feelings that were bombarding her. Guilt she knew well. Shame too had often been a constant companion. But the new feeling that was stirring in her heart was different. She didn't have a name for it. Analyzing it would have to wait until she was alone. Reluctantly she laughed, the soft sound caressing Aries's hearing and soul. "I do not want to be the one to make you regret anything." With gentle hands she checked his body for any unseen cuts and bruises. She was almost to his wings when the creak of the door startled her. She jerked upright, pulling her hands to her sides as she glanced at Lynn who was entering.

He opened his eyes, looking at Lynn for a moment, thinking of his next words and knowing that his time in this form was growing short. Soon he would turn back in to a man and the pain would multiply. If Lilandra was not escorted away by then she would find out the truth and he would be doomed forever. "Lynn, I think that the girl has been terrorized enough this night. Perhaps you should escort her to her room? I doubt she will try running away again now that she knows there are worse things after her than I..."

Lynn opened his mouth for a moment to protest, but fell silent as he noticed his master's look. Nodding promptly he set the items he was carrying down on the table by the door and walked over to Lilandra, offering his hand. "It is best that we do as the master asks."

Warily she took his hand and stood. She stopped at the door and turned to look at Beast. A flicker of confidence replaced indecision. "May I check on you tomorrow then sir?"

His eyes were soft as he watched her and nodded a moment, "Yes, tomorrow, we have much to discuss about certain rules that must be respected."

"Yes sir." She let Lynn lead her back to her room. She stood in the center away from the door as she watched him shut it and lock her in. Heading for the wardrobe, she picked out a nightgown and put it on. She climbed into bed and promptly fell asleep.

As Lynn returned to Aries's room, he found that his master's breathing had grown quick and shallow, a sign that the change was minutes away. He stood ready with his tools of healing that he kept for such emergencies, such times were far from pretty and many were etched into his memory like acid on a glass plate. As he watched, his master's body began to change, a low growl gradually morphing into a loud higher pitched scream of agony, like someone being tortured slowly.

Soon the change was complete and Aries lay spent on the floor. The ache from the change combined with the pain from his injuries forced a growl from him. "Lynn, my friend. Check to make sure I have no broken bones. I need to be in better shape if I'm to keep Lilandra from wandering and the Reptilia from getting her."

Slowly and with care, Lynn slid his hand across his master's damaged and aching body, ignoring the winces and hisses of pain when he touched a sensitive area. It seemed nothing vital was broken, a rib or two were cracked, however he knew from experience that these would be healed within a day, two at most. A silver lining that the curse had provided, injuries never kept Aries down for long, it had brought out his fighting spirit in its worst form. He was a walking battle machine that could dominate and destroy an entire legion when truly enraged and able to heal away his injuries with incredible speed. "You seem to have no broken bones other than a rib or two my prince, I am more concerned about your slashes, you have lost a large amount of blood. Please, let me give you some of mine to help you through this."

Aries shook his head. "No. I will be fine. However, if you happen to have a leg of lamb or some other meat handy...."

Lynn couldn't help but let out a small chuckle. Even in dire pain from a transformation his Lord never seemed to lose his hunger for food. Nodding, he stood up and picked his master up in his arms and took him to the bed where he began to bandage the worst of his wounds to prevent further loss of blood, ignoring his master's protests. "Very well Sire, once I have finished dressing your wounds I will fetch you some sustenance."

Aries touched Lynn's shoulder. "My friend, bring back the information you have gathered on my old generals and surviving troops. The Reptilia came into my territory without invitation. I will not allow them to multiply or to destroy my home. We must prepare to fight. If we don't I fear the consequences."

He looked his master in the eye and nodded in agreement. "Of course Master. Many still remain, although scattered and hidden across the lands. You must first rest and heal yourself. You will be no good for fighting if you can barely stand."

"I will be well when it is time. Are any on their way here? I remember you had sent out missives four months ago. Any responses at all?" He tentatively stretched out a leg and only a small twinge of pain hit him.

Lynn looked thoughtful for a moment before nodding once more. "Yes Sire, one of your main generals, General Karas, is on his way with some men I believe. He should arrive within a few days to a week if the weather holds steady."

"Finally a glimmer of light in this wretched year." His blood had begun to heat and he knew the change was imminent. He sighed for a moment and closed his eyes, preparing himself for the pain that would come far too soon for his liking. "Time to get furry again. Lynn I will remain here resting. Tomorrow we can figure out what to do about Lilandra."

He bowed deeply to his master as he finished speaking and moved towards the door as he replied, "Of course Sire, I shall make the preparations you requested earlier while you rest."

Aries's murmur was drowned out by the sounds of his change back to beast. He flapped his wings once, settling them along his back before he fell into a much needed healing sleep.

*  *  *

"Sir! Sir! The Reptilia are returning!" the young soldier eagerly announced as he rushed into General Discious's tent.

The general stood up, smiling as the return of his mercenaries was announced. He nodded to the boy and stretched his arms a little, chasing away the stiffness that the cold night had brought to them. "Good, show them in. I wish to see my prize before she withers too much from their touch."

The soldier bowed and ran from the tent. Syn and what remained of his elite warriors entered, heads held high their unblinking gaze focused on Discious.

He waited as they came inside, the number of them diminished. He gave Syn a hard stare and raised an eyebrow. "My prize?"

"Lossst to usss at the moment." Syn didn't elaborate. He and his warriors had decided that they were going to terminate their contract with Discious.

He growled and stepped towards the mercenary, his large body tensing in preparation to inflict pain as he spat out his words, "What do you mean LOST?"

"Either the wolvesss or the beassst got her."

His large hand shot out, grabbing the serpent by the throat, squeezing it in an iron grip. "That was NOT what we agreed on! Your job was to bring her here, to me!"

Syn didn't struggle. His gaze was on Discious. "We were attacked by the local wolf pack and the beassst. Asss you can sssee there are only three of us remaining out of fifteen."

The grip tightened, Discious was clearly on the verge of unleashing a raging fury upon the creature in his grasp. "You told me you could handle it. You informed me that the beast would pose no problem to your supposedly elite men. It seems I hired the wrong mercenaries to do a simple fetching job."

"Let him go. We do not need to do your work. Do your own finding of the girl. There is sssome ssstrange magic afoot that protectsss her. We have no defenssse againssst magic."

He pulled the creature close, glaring into its slitted eyes, his breath coming in great clouds in the cool air. "Magic? Impossible! There should be no magic left! Magic died with Zitomira."

"Then I have no other anssswer for you, General. Ssshe hasss been sssaved more timesss than any human I've ever met. You can keep our fee. We are wassshing our handsss of thisss operation."

Discious snarled and shoved the lizard man away, causing him to fall to the floor. "Then go. You can't even deal with a simple beast and a conjurer of tricks. Mark my words reptile, for failing me others will know of your weakness. Work will evaporate for the likes of you."

"That isss sssomething we will deal with when the time comesss. I would wisssh you luck but men like you never ssseem to appreciate sssuch sssentimentsss. Good-bye General. May our pathsss never crosss again."

"If they do...I can guarantee you that you will not be crossing anymore...now get out of my sight you incompetent pathetic excuse for mercenaries."

Syn's three elite warriors hissed their anger but quieted as Syn walked out of the tent in silence.

Falcor watched them leave. "Sir, Syn and his men have never, ever, failed to bring in the object they were sent to retrieve."

Glaring at Falcor, Discious turned away, his voice dark with concern now that the lizardmen were gone. "I know Falcor. This beast has more tricks up his sleeve than we first knew of. The only option left is to storm the castle by force. Take him off guard. He cannot defeat us all."

"I'm not so sure. He has the girl. And if she is indeed imbued with magic...I do not see how we will prevail."

"We have overcome magic before. Zitomira has taught me countermeasures against such magic. However they are difficult to reproduce. I will deal with the girl myself."

"As you wish, sir. Shall I get the troops ready to move?"

"Attacking in winter would be foolish, the roads are deadly and ditches invisible in the snow. We will wait till spring comes. That way the weather will be to our advantage."

"Yes sir. I'll check with the supply officers to make sure we do indeed have enough. Do you wish for a recon team to be dispatched to keep watch on the beast's castle?"

"Yes, I want to know the every move that that abomination to mankind makes. I want to know his routine, his weakness, his flight patterns, everything."

"It shall be done. Soon sir, you will be king!" Falcor thumped his fist to his chest and bowed low before leaving Discious to himself.

The general walked across the hard ground floor, stopping in front of the map of their former kingdom, now a desolate wasteland of death and disease. "Soon...we will finally have our revenge..."

* *  *

Far to the east, in the deep valleys of the wastelands, the bone chilling winds of the season whistled through the cracks and boulders of the pass. Below the high stretching walls of the pass, a group of travelers trudged through the light snow, winter was fast coming here and it was unwise to get trapped there when the snows fully hit. There was not much time left but they would make it if nothing delayed them further. Leading the group, a large monstrosity of a man shielded his eyes from the biting cold. It would take more than the weather to put down General Karas.

The man to his left tapped him on the shoulder, shouting above the shrieking winds. "General, we must find shelter soon. The men are exhausted. If we keep this pace up we will be of no use to our prince."

He turned his head just enough to look at the younger man, his face concerned but knowing they had no choice in the matter, "And if we do not keep going we will get caught in the coming storms and we will not see the prince at all. We will rest once we have cleared the wastes, we cannot risk stopping here. If we do we may never leave."

"Yes General." Mayguel looked at his fellow soldiers and nodded grimly. They would follow Karas for he had kept them safe for the last seven years. They would not give up now. Resolutely they trudged on.

Turning back to the harsh winds, Karas sighed as he felt the burn in his legs grow stronger, however the end of the valley and the borders of the wastelands had appeared on the horizon. It would be perhaps another day, two at most before they were back in their homeland.

A low whistle followed by two loud clicks sounded an alert to the marching men that potential enemies were approaching. The lead scout watched as the four Reptilia passed by his hiding space and continued toward the wastelands and General Karas's small army.

Karas signaled for the march to halt, listening to the message that was sent through the coded whistles. He motioned for his men to hide, leaving their belongings in the center. They would take the enemy as they investigated their cargo.

Syn was still smarting from his losses when Byn hissed a warning that objects had been left in the road ahead. Cautiously the Reptilia made their way over to the bundles and inspected them Byn's tongue scented the air, trying to figure out which way the owners of the discarded things had fled to. Unfortunately the wind was blowing towards the cargo, preventing any smells from reaching the searching lizardman.

"Take what we need from it. Ssscavenger'sss rightsss." Syn was pleased with this find. It would make traveling the Wastelands easier.
