 To all our readers, we sincerely thank you for the words of encouragement. Lilandra and Beast thank you as well. Happy reading!

* 
 Her head was throbbing as she opened her eyes to the bright sunlight streaming in. She had lost count of the days she had been here with Beast and Lynn but last night's events were still fresh in her mind. How had she managed to get them from the woods to here? The few possibilities she thought of were instantly cast aside as improbable. No some other force was at work here. She shivered. Her mother used to whisper stories of magic and oddities to her when she was younger but had stopped when father had flown into a rage and proclaimed that such garbage would not be told in HIS house. Sighing she dressed in the pale blue wool gown and sat before the vanity and brushed her hair which had grown longer than she was used to having it. It meant it took twice as long to fix but she found that time soothing. Her stomach rumbled, reminding her that she hadn't eaten yet.

Promptly, as if he had known she was hungry without being there, a knock came through the hardwood door. "Miss Lilandra? Are you decent?" Lynn asked from the other side.

"Yes, Sir Lynn, I am dressed." She decided that since he was being formal she must do the same. She grieved at the loss of the personal way they had begun to relate to each other. Going back to the way he spoke to her when they first met hurt.

The sound of the lock turning echoed through the room, the door slowly sliding inwards and revealing the usual serving tray that bore her daily breakfast. "I hope you are hungry this morning, my lady." He walked farther into the room and politely lifted the lid from the plate, revealing a steaming hot breakfast. He bowed towards her and spoke in a polite tone. "I shall return when you are done, my lady." He turned towards the door, beginning to walk towards it.

It was too much, she let out a choked cry and ran toward Lynn but stopped a foot short of him, her hand outstretched, her gaze pleading. "Lynn," just a whisper but it spoke eloquently of her remorse.

He paused as he heard her outburst of emotion. Slowly he turned and looked at her, a small smile gracing his lips as he looked at her. "I apologize for upsetting you...I am very protective of my master. I have been with him since before he was born." He paused and looked towards the large windows for a moment, memories crossing his expression as he did so. "It is difficult to accept that he will get hurt protecting those he cares for."

"He should not be getting hurt." A surprising admission from her. "I am being stupid and fearful and my mother, if she were alive, would be very ashamed of me right now. I'd probably gotten a beating too for being so rude to one who rescued me from a fate worse than death." The words were sincere, her repentance genuine.

Gently he laid his hands upon her shoulders, his smile widening as he looked into her damn eyes. "I can see you are genuinely repentant Lilandra. I forgive you for your foolishness. Please, eat, I will stay and talk with you if you wish."

A breath she didn't know she was holding escaped. "Thank you." Returning to her seat she began eating. "Yesterday," she gulped. "Yesterday you told me give him what he needs. What did you mean?"

"Well...he has led a rather lonely life for many years now. He has felt the burden of loneliness. He is simply looking for a companion. Someone to talk to...someone to make the years worth living."

Tension fled from her shoulders and she slumped in her seat feeling foolish. She had thought, that all Beast wanted was sex. It was what all the stories said, what he had tried to take from her the first day of her arrival at his home. But now Lynn sat before her telling her that Beast was lonely. It boggled the mind. "You're saying he needs a friend?"

Lynn nodded, sighing quietly and rubbing the back of his aged hands. "So many can only see the beast on the outside, someone struggling with things he cannot control. Inside he is simply someone looking for a friend, yes."

She pondered this as she finished her food. How many times in the past had she longed for a friend? Someone who was kind and not cruel? Someone who would understand her even when no one else did? If that was all that Beast wanted then she could relate to that. "So that's it. Only a friend? Nothing more?"

"He wishes only for a companion. He highly doubts you would want anything more and does not expect it. A friend is all he is hoping for. Someone to listen when no one else will."

"I see. I, I think I would like that." She stood then. "Is he still resting? If not I would like to see him, if I may."

"He is awake and resting in bed. I'm sure he would like to talk to you Lilandra, there are some things you need to discuss. Such as certain boundaries."

She blushed. "Yes, that would be...a good idea. I am ready when you are sir."

He nodded, slowly rose from the chair, and held his arm out for her to take. "Then we shall go see the master."

She took his arm and let him lead the way to Beast's room. Her heart was racing as she tried to think of things to talk about that would not make her feel uncomfortable.

Lynn reached out and rapped sharply on the door and waited a moment for a reply. A low growl of 'Enter' was heard before he gently pushed the door open, revealing his master sitting up in bed, bloodied bandages laying loosely on the bedside table.

There was no hesitation on her part. She entered the room, though her shy gaze fell on Beast and then away again. She could and would do this. He was lonely too and the least she could do was talk to him. Talk never hurt anyone. He looked at Lilandra with those deep dark eyes of his that seemed menacing in all lights, his claw extended towards the chair, indicating her to sit.

There was the soft click of the door behind her as Lynn closed it once more, to give the two time alone to discuss what needed to be said.

Lilandra straightened up and walked unflinchingly over to the seat and sat down. This time her eyes were on his face. "I owe you an apology for everything I've done wrong. I can't stand to see others hurt because of my foolishness."

"You are forgiven Lilandra, I know what it is like to live in shame." He closed his eyes, taking slow breaths, trying to ignore the aches that were pulsing through his body.

She felt that strange tug on her heart again. "I was very shameful too. My mother loved me but my father, he only wanted to use me to make money. Then she died and left me alone with him and my brothers. He did not care about my feelings. He made me a slave in our home. I had to wait on everyone hand and foot and if I forgot or messed up, I was punished severely. You saw some of the marks the first day I met you."

He nodded once again, gently taking her hand in his, the warm fur silky smooth against her skin. "You need not ever worry about being treated like that ever again Lilandra..."

"Please, do not make promises that you cannot keep. You don't know my father. He was not happy at being parted from me. I saw it in his face when the mayor took me. Father is bidding his time, no doubt coming up with a way to get me back." She shuddered. "I do not wish to go back there, EVER. But of course my behavior lately would contradict my words. I've been so ungrateful." She looked ready to cry.

A slightly smug look crossed his face as he spoke next, hiding something from her. "Trust me on this young one, he will not be doing anyone any more harm again."

She believed him. He had yet to lie to her. Her credibility was not as good at the moment but she was going to change that. "So, um. Nice weather."

He turned his head to the window for a moment, noting the pouring rain outside. "For ducks, yes." He smiled and laughed softly, wincing slightly as he did so. "You need not put up false images here, if you have something to ask then please do."

"Lynn said you needed a friend," she blurted out and then blushed.

He looked down at the covers a moment before sighing and smiling, "I guess my secret is out then...I admit I have been longing for a companion of sorts for some time now. Someone to talk to on long nights who isn't constantly obsessing over my health."

Lilandra laughed. "He does fuss a lot, doesn't he." She blushed. "Oh, I'm sorry! I should not criticize my elders."

Another laugh and wince came from Aries, his furry hand lightly patting hers. "How I have longed to finally hear someone agree with me on that. All my life he has been fussing over me. Sometimes I'm glad to escape into the night."

"Except when you have to save stupid girls like me."

"Do not worry about that young one, it has been some time since I have flexed these muscles in such a manner. It was refreshing in a way."

"Are you sure? I really am truly sorry for my part in all of this. My father always said I was stupid. Maybe he is right."

"No. No, Lilandra, he was anything but right. You know so much in your beautiful head that I am surprised it does not explode with all the knowledge your curiosity has granted you. Your father was an evil man who is much better off dead and the world is a better place because of it."

Her eyes fastened on his face. "What do you mean "was an evil man?" Do you know something I do not?" She moved from her spot and came closer to him. "What are you saying, Sir Beast?"

The beast looked at her for a moment, trying to determine whether this was a good idea or not, telling her that her father was now fertilizing the forest floor via wolf droppings could backfire on him if he wasn't careful. "I am saying Lilandra that your father committed a serious crime by abusing you in such a way and...He was executed shortly after his crimes came to light."

Lilandra sank to her knees stunned. She wasn't sure if she was going to cry or laugh. Celebrating didn't cross her mind. Despite the fact that her father had been cruel to her for the last few years, she remembered him before he had turned that way. Tears rolled down her cheeks unnoticed.

Reaching out, his soft fur brushed against her cheek, wiping the tears away. "Are you all right Lilandra?"

"I...what will my brothers do? I wonder if they are all right? Oh," she cried, wringing her hands. They may have been horrible to her but they were still the only family she had.

"They will be fine, they are strong willed and capable of looking after themselves. Do not worry."

"I don't know why I feel this way. They were so mean to me. Hurt me, even tried to rape me but yet I feel worry. Is this right? Is there something wrong with me?" Absently she stroked his fur, seeking comfort.

He shook his head, watching her. "No, not at all. You have a good soul inside you, worrying about those you care about. Family is the most important thing in the world."

"I don't think I ever properly thanked you."

"You do not need to thank me Lilandra, I do what must be done to ensure your future is safe."

She stirred restlessly then. She needed some air. She started to rise but then looked at him and made a decision. "Would you come walk with me?"

He tilted his head for a moment before nodding and carefully moving out of bed, wincing as he swung his legs out.

"Oh, or maybe not!" She wrung her hands, shuffling nervously. "Maybe we'd better not. Lynn will yell at me. I, I don't want him upset again."

"No, no, Lynn won't yell at you. Just, give me a moment till I get my balance. Please, pull the chair over so I can lean on it."

She grabbed the chair and put it near him and carefully stood by his side so that if necessary, he could lean on her. A heavy claw laid on her shoulder and the chair, most of his weight being put on the chair, making it groan, but enough was placed upon her to cause a strain. She locked her knees and gritted her teeth. She felt his claws dig slightly into her flesh but she didn't make a sound. Such pain was minimal compared to the things her father had done. She still couldn't believe he was dead. The thought would take some getting use to.

He was on his feet, sighing softly as he stretched his sore wings before settling them once more. "Thank you Lilandra, please, lead the way."

Bowing, she opened the door and went out into the hallway. What she really wanted was to go to the garden. She knew it was more than likely lifeless but she had felt at peace outside and that's where she needed to go. She was conscious of Beast beside her and she felt a strange heat course through her body.

With the quiet clicking of talons on the hard floor, he followed her lead, gazing at the paintings as he did so, "I trust Lynn told you that we would be discussing some ground rules now that you are staying here."

Her heart beat sped up and fear tickled her mind. "Yes, sir. He did."

"Firstly, if you are told you must not enter a section then I expect you to honor it. Straying into places you must not go will not be tolerated."

"I understand. I know better. I was rude to go where I was forbidden to do so. It will not happen again."

"Thank you, I appreciate it. Next, when I tell you to do something, such as a chore or a meal or gardening, you will do so without question. Lynn will show you where things are till you learn their place. This will not happen often, mostly during spring and autumn when the planting and harvesting commences. We have large stocks and plentiful larders to hold the fields of produce we create."

"I am no stranger to hard work. I'd prefer to do something rather than sit and do nothing."

"Excellent, the final thing I will say, is that you will be required to make some important decisions from time to time. The first of these will be where you would like to go today."

She paused and glanced at him. "Me? Make important decisions?" Confused she didn't respond. Was this a trick to insure her loyalty to Beast and Lynn? Or was it some test that if she failed they would keep her locked up?

"Indeed, Lynn will not be around forever...he will need someone to help him later on in life."

"Helping I do well." She stopped in front of the garden door. The rain had stopped outside and though it was winter, she had learned that they had a greenhouse on Beast's lands and she had been wanting to see it. "If it pleases you, I'd like to see the greenhouse."

He raised an eyebrow for a moment as she asked this, considering if he should. The only two people who had been permitted entrance were Lynn and Aries himself. "Oh? Very well, we shall take a stroll through the humid expanses of my greenhouses. But I will make one thing clear. Do not touch a single thing growing in there. Harsh consequences befall those who do...and they are not delivered by myself or Lynn..." He let the silent threat hang in the air, testing her for a moment to see if it would click in her mind that most of the plants growing there were brimming with poisonous venom.

A shiver ran along her spine, her mouth suddenly going dry. "Yes, Beast. I will not forget." She would follow any and all directions he gave. She had told Lynn she would be Beast's friend and friends had to trust each other.

He nodded his head for a moment and felt a slight smile come to his face, revealing the hundreds of razor sharp needle-like fangs that inhabited his jaws. He held his arm out for a moment as he spoke next, "Good, I hope you enjoy our little tour then Lilandra."

A moment's hesitation but then she put her hand on his arm. The Beast had an odd gait when he walked on his two hind legs. He towered over her smaller slight form but instead of it scaring her, it comforted her.

As they walked along the garden paths, the air seemed colder than it should. Gradually the path turned to gravel and the shrubs turned to harsh looking bushes, their branches like gnarled fingertips stretching from the ground. She pressed closer to Beast, the evil of the place repelling her. She wanted to turn back but she refused to act cowardly. It only brought trouble. She started when she looked up and saw they had reached the door of the greenhouse. The blackened wood of the doors gave off a deep, rough odor as they were pushed open, overwhelmed quickly though, by the suddenly pleasant aroma of the mysterious plants within the greenhouse.

"Ah." A pleased gasp as she glanced about taking in the beauty of the flora surrounding her. She did not move from Beast's side, remember his warning about the plants. The aromas that wafted from the plants beside her were surprisingly enticing, as if telling her to come and touch them. The heady scents toyed with her, tempting her to examine them. The pull was strong and her body swayed toward the flowers. Such lovely smells. As the scents danced before her eyes, they seemed hypnotic, drawing her in closer...closer....

Suddenly the air shuddered and a rumble of thunder rattled the glass roof with its force. Behind her, Beast sniffed and rubbed his nose on his furry arm, muttering, "Damned flowers..."

"This might have been a bad idea," she murmured, her words beginning to slur.

"It will teach you a valuable lesson Lilandra. Just remember not to touch anything. No matter how much you want to. Your senses won't always be telling you the truth." His words sounded strange to her ears and she gave him a puzzled frown. Her head felt...well she wasn't sure. She was having trouble getting her thoughts in order. Staggering she bumped into Beast and went down to one knee, clutching at his fur, trying to anchor herself.

He stood there, silent for a moment as he looked down at her. Carefully he offered his claw. "It takes some getting used to. Just remember to breath deep and take your time."

She struggled to follow his instructions. If only she wasn't getting so sleepy...

He sighed softly and couldn't help but roll his eyes, some people just didn't have the tolerance for these flowers. With a delicate touch, he lightly poked the tip of his claw into her upper arm, only just enough to pierce the skin.

Yelping, her drooping eyelids flew open and she glared at Beast. "Ow! That hurt!"

"Good, if it didn't I'd have to carry you back. This first part of the greenhouse is home to the legendary Kindness Thorn Bush. It's heady scent contains a powerful neurotoxin that induces a state of drowsiness which can only be broken by pain."

"Oh," heat colored her cheeks and she found that she was more focused as she looked at the plant. It's deceptive pink petals and pale green center had snared her with its beauty. She hadn't been ready for the scent and now she knew to be wary of it. Moving closer to him, she waited for him to go farther into the greenhouse.

He slowly continued, keeping an eye on her in case she felt the urge to stray once again. "Most of the specimens in here are fatal to the touch. Others are simply a powerful paralytic. You will need to learn how to recognize these since this land, especially the forest, is populated with many of them."

"Yes, milord. Are there any that are lethal just as they are? One that could save your life if attacked?"

"In here? Almost all of them are lethal. They will kill anyone who comes near them or who touches them. They do not discriminate between friend or foe. If you are chased into an area with such plants, the only way to survive is to know how they will kill you."

"I see." Her mind was whirling at the implications. "Please, continue. I do not wish to die from a flower's wrath."

"Then it may be best if we do not visit the Night Roses..." He let the statement hang in the air for a moment, wondering if she would be daring enough to go there.

'Roses? You have more roses?'' A smile lit her face at the prospect of seeing roses.

"Indeed I do Lilandra, but they are not for the faint of heart to view face to face. The one you saw in the cabinet was a dead specimen. Alive they are far more dangerous than you can imagine."
