 To the fans, thank you for your unwavering devotion and patience. I (kita) would like to thank you as well smegger_29 and my new writer-in-crime allan8d8 who assisted in this chapter's completion. Happy reading!

*

The following day dawned clear and beautiful, though a little cold and the layer of snow on the ground reminded the castle's inhabitants that winter's grip was still alive. Lynn walked about humming happily. Last night had been a great success. Lilandra and Aries had danced and not once had the young lady flinched. She was nervous, true, but the fear that had clung to her was gone. Now perhaps, things could progress more smoothly. Knowing that she was probably still sleeping, Lynn went to his Master's room to see how he had fared after last night's dinner. He knocked once and opened the door. "My Prince, are you awake?"

Aries let out a sleepy groan and slowly opened his eyes. As the thoughts of last night flickered through his mind he smiled. "Enter."

Lynn noticed how relaxed Aries seemed and he grinned happily. His prince had not been this calm in a very long time. "I came to see if you needed anything before your morning flight?" Lynn waited patiently for Aries to fully rouse himself.

Aries slowly got up and walked over to the window and looked out at the grounds below. "No, I believe I shall be fine for now. How is Lilandra this morning?" The prince turned around to look at Lynn as he posed the question.

"I have not checked on her yet. I thought it prudent to let her sleep." Lynn came to stand beside Aries. "I feel that you are getting closer to her heart. And I've received word that General Karas will be here in one week if the weather remains mild. I'm still trying to locate Generals Albin, Yearntil and Gotred. Karas has at least 100 men with him. It will go a long way in dispelling the rumors surrounding this castle."

Aries looked back out the window and closed his eyes. "The sooner Karas and his men arrive, the better. I don't expect the forces that have begun to move to wait much longer. The sooner we establish some order, the sooner we will have little to worry about from inside or outside forces." He sighed and looked back at Lynn. "Keep trying to find out what you can and make sure our guest doesn't get into any trouble. I'll be back tonight."

"Of course. Be careful, sire. Remember that Miss Lilandra for all her bravery, is still afraid and fragile. Don't get hurt." Lynn admonished as he stepped away to give Aries room to maneuver.

"I won't. We're finally forming a friendship, a bond I don't want to shatter." Aries said as he spread his wings. "I am off." With that, Aries took off through the window and flew over the trees into the horizon.

Lynn took a few minutes to tidy up Aries's room before leaving to go wake Lilandra. Now if his Prince and the lady could keep up the momentum they were starting to build, the curse would get broken sooner rather than later. Smiling he knocked on Lilandra's door.

Inside Lilandra had just finished dressing and was brushing her hair. "Come in."

Lynn slowly opened the door and bowed slightly. "Madame, breakfast shall be ready soon. Afterwards, we shall do something a little different today," he said without much change in his expression.

"Different?" Lilandra looked at Lynn in surprise. She was trying to sort out her feelings for Beast. He had been so kind and such a gentleman. Nothing like any male she had ever met before coming to the castle. Well not, exactly true. Aries, the man from the forest had been nice as well. But Beast, it was a new side to him. Shyly, she blushed as she thought of how gently he had held her while they dance.

Lynn grinned slightly and coughed to catch Lilandra's attention while she was deep in thought. "Miss Lilandra?"

"Oh, sorry. I'm ready to have breakfast." Her blush darkened to a darker shade of pink at having been caught thinking about Beast. She walked over and took Lynn's arm, a smile on her face.

Lynn maintained his composure. He led Lilandra downstairs and towards the dining room. "I decided that today we would do something a little different after breakfast." he said again.

"What did you have in mind? I feel useless just lying about all day." Lilandra pointed to the dusty banisters. "We need to clean."

"I'm glad you feel that way. As a way to become better acquainted with more of the rooms, we are going to clean throughout the entire castle." he replied.

"Good. Now I can earn my keep." She felt relief at that moment, knowing she could be helpful. They had made it to the kitchen and sat down to eat. She found herself very hungry. She waited until she had finished all her food before asking, "Which room shall we start in?"

Lynn thought for a moment. "I believe we shall start in the South wing. Yes, I believe that will work." he said taking up their dishes.

Lilandra helped him clean up the kitchen and fell into a companionable silence punctuated with conversation here and there as she and Lynn got a few buckets and some cloths to clean with. Obediently she followed him to the south wing. She noticed that unlike the other wings, this section did not have as many pictures.

Lynn continued to lead Lilandra through the corridors past the first couple of rooms in the South wing before opening the door to a room on the left. "Any rooms we don't clean, it is best not for you to enter." he said, directing his comment to Lilandra as he opened the door.

"I will not forget." She had promised to follow any directions they gave her and she was going to live up to it. She tackled the window sills with gusto. She paused when she saw movement in the bushes below. "Um, Lynn. Are any of the villagers scheduled to be here?"

"Hmm? Um, no. Not today. Why?" he asked, busy cleaning the bookshelf in the corner.

"Oh. Never mind." She shook her head. Maybe she had imagined it. She glanced down again and when nothing moved she went back to cleaning. Time seemed to fly by and soon the room was finished. "I think, maybe a break?" She wiped away sweat from her brow. She felt good. 

Lynn gathered the buckets and rags and looked around sighing. "Very well. We shall break for now. Let's head back and I shall fix us something to drink."

Lilandra looked out the window one last time before following Lynn back toward the kitchen. They were almost to the stairs when Lilandra felt something smash into her back and send her sprawling to the floor. She screamed and tried to roll over to see what was on her.

Lynn spun around to see what happened and noticed a stranger on Lilandra's back holding her down, trying to control her. Being not the first attack by someone trying to get into the castle, Lynn reacted immediately. He swung the two buckets he was holding towards each other, colliding them into the temples of the attacker's head, knocking him out instantly.

Lilandra stopped screaming as water hit her and she heard the grunt of person on her turn into a hurt moan and then silence. "Lynn?" she gasped as the weight on her back grew heavy.

Lynn rolled the man off Lilandra and helped her to her feet. "In the kitchen, there is some wire. Go fetch it for me, please. Go."

She hurried downstairs, grabbed the first bottle of wine she could find and rushed back upstairs to Lynn. "Here." She held it out, being careful to stay a few feet from her attacker.

Lynn took the bottle of wine. He looked at it then her. "I said wire......WIRE! W..I...R...E!! Now go you silly girl! Go!!!" As she ran back to the kitchen, Lynn popped the cork and took a drink from the bottle and sighed. He noticed the attacker beginning to rouse and quickly smashed the bottle over his head. "I shall have to apologize to the master for such a fine bottle of wine."

Lilandra was flustered. How could she have been so stupid! Fighting back a sob she grabbed the wire and a knife and ran back to Lynn. She held out the items to Lynn.

Lynn grabbed the knife and wire and cut off a long length. He bound the man's hands behind his back. He again cut another length with which he bound the man's feet. He turned to Lilandra. "Help me get him into the dining room."

"Yes, sir, Lynn, sir." Hysteria was licking at her emotions at the near capture by the masked man. Why had he chosen her to try to grab? Pushing her thoughts aside she assisted Lynn in getting the man to his feet. It was a painfully slow processing of getting the man to the dining room. They placed him upright in a chair and Lilandra backed away.

Lynn looked at the attacker for a moment before pulling the mask from his head. He turned back to Lilandra. "Go to your quarters and lock the door. Don't open the door to anyone except for the master or myself."

"But Lynn!" Lilandra suddenly was worried about the older man. "What if he breaks free?"

"Don't you worry about that! I shall take care of our uninvited guest. Now go!" Lynn said with a look of seriousness on his face.

"Yes sir." Spinning on her heel she fled from the room. She had to get to her own bedroom and think about everything that had happened. She flung open the door and then slammed it shut, locking it from the inside. Slowly she began to pace.

Lynn looked at the clock in the corner and turned the knife in his hand. "Master shall be back soon, then we shall get a few answers. In the meantime.....time to wake up." Lynn said as he took a cup of water and tossed it in the face of the assassin.

The man sputtered and groaned. Slowly his head rose and he glared at Lynn. "You've ruined my plans."

"And you've caused me to ruin a perfectly good bottle of wine. I need some answers...what you were planning, why, who you are working for? Those type of things." Lynn ran his finger down the blade of the knife in his hands.

The intruder laughed. "Do you think I'm a fool? I will tell you nothing. My employer would be most disappointed if I gave you any kind of information." Another cold glare from the man before he turned his attention to the wall.

Lynn sighed. "I was never much good at interrogation. However, since you won't speak to me, master will be back within ten minutes. Maybe you'll be more courteous when he asks you the same questions."

"Your foul master does not scare me. He can bleed just like the rest of us," the man sneered at Lynn. His posture screamed of confidence and certainty.

Lynn chuckled. "I'll remember that when the blood is pouring from the gashes he will leave in your flesh."

A slight hesitation but the intruder managed to hide it. "Be careful. Maybe he will be the one left with gashes."

Lynn unhooked the cuff links binding his sleeves together and rolled his sleeves up and went into the kitchen. He returned shortly with the attacker's knife, a lime and a saltshaker and sat them down on the table in front of the man. Lynn pulled up a chair in front of him and picked up the knife and lime. "I'll ask this again, who are you working for?" Lynn coolly sat down in the chair.

"Go to hell old timer. I'm not afraid of you or your pathetic beast. HE can bleed just like the rest of us."

Lynn cut open the lime and let out a sigh. "As I mentioned before, I'm not much of an interrogator. My specialty was torture and special ops....as a member of my master's late father's personal guard." Lynn poured a little salt on the split lime and took a lick. "Most of my victims usually passed out from pain, thus weren't often able to give out any information period."

The younger man's look of gloating abruptly vanished. "Special ops? Torture? Now wait a minute...no one said anything about torture! This is not the way it was supposed to happen," he whined, squirming against his bonds.

Lynn ran the sides of the knife across his tongue, licking the lime juice off. "Well, you could tell me what I want to know. Last chance while working with me."

A moment's hesitation then a shifting in the bound man's gaze. "I will tell you nothing, beast lover!"

Lynn took the knife and slowly stood up. He walked around to the side of the man before quickly slamming the blade into the man's arm and yanking down causing deep, long gash. He pulled the knife out and slowly wiped it on a napkin sitting on the table as a piercing scream escaped the captive's mouth before he clamped his lips shut, his breathing harsh. His eyes were wide with the true beginnings of panic and fear. Lynn walked back over and picked up a slice of lime and the saltshaker.

Lynn took another lick of the lime with the salt before turning to the captive. "Were you saying something? No? Okay." Lynn took the lime above the gash and squeezed it slowly, letting the juice trickle down. He continued to squeeze until the juice became less willing to exit the flesh of the fruit. Lynn tossed it on the table. He then took the lid off the saltshaker and poured some salt out into his hand, forming a small hill. He sat the shaker down with his other hand and smashed the hill of salt in his hand onto the captive's wound, making sure to rub it in completely. "I warn you, once I'm done with the salt and lime, the tortures will only get worse."

Another shriek was torn from the man's throat, tears running down his cheeks. "Stop, stop!"

A booming roar shook the room before the door was flung open with enough force to break it. Aries's large bulk shoved its way inside and he stopped a few feet from Lynn. "I smell her fear and the stink of trespasser. What has been going on while I was away?" Growling he lowered his head to be eye level with the bound captive. Aries's words were aimed at Lynn.

Lynn grabbed a napkin and wiped his hands. "This man intruded while Lilandra and I were cleaning. He attacked her and I knocked him out. I've been trying to obtain information from him, but he doesn't seem to care for salt and lime. I must also apologize, for I had to waste a perfectly good bottle of wine on his head." Lynn replied calmly as he bowed slightly.

Aries blinked and his growling increased. "Did he hurt her badly?"

"No. Thankfully she was unharmed, though she was somewhat shaken. I sent her to her room and told her to lock the door."

"Good. Now, maybe since your nice methods of persuasion aren't working..." Aries raised his paw, his claws extending as he prepared to mangle his unwanted guest. 

Lynn coughed suddenly, his eyes catching something in the stairwell. "Sir, please hold off on that for just one moment. We have a guest." he said, his head nodding towards the stairs.

Aries gave Lynn a malevolent before swinging his head around to see. He froze, his eyes on Lilandra's pale face and scared expression.

"Beast?" Her voice quavered and she took one small step before going still.

Aries stammered. "I...you don't understand...it's just...." He slowly walked towards her pleading for understanding and forgiveness.

Lilandra looked at the man who had tried to hurt Lynn and herself. She wasn't sure what she felt but seeing Beast so angry on her behalf, instead of angry at her, made her feel pity for Beast. She took another few steps toward him and paused, her hand outstretched toward his face. His fangs looked sharp and deadly but she knew they would hurt only those who injured others or who did foolish things. "Beast," she whispered her hand finally connecting with his fur when he stopped in front of her.

Aries lowered his head and closed his eyes. "I never meant for you to see anything like this...but there are those who don't approve of my being alive, let alone in such a position of power. They will do anything they can to hurt you, Lynn or myself. I only do what I need to get the truth of who is behind such attacks so that I can stop them. It is something I do not take pleasure in, I assure you." A tear rolled down the fur on Aries's face as he explained.

"Do not cry. I need to go back to my room. I agreed to obey anything you and Lynn said and here I am being disobedient." She wiped the tear away and shyly glanced at him. "I will stay in my room until Lynn comes for me. Good night my Lord." She wobbled into a curtsy and turned to leave but stopped at the door. "I know you do not take pleasure in it," she whispered and then she was gone.

Aries looked up and smiled slightly. "Thank you." he said in quiet voice. As she closed the door, he turned towards Lynn who was smiling and grinned. "Shall we?" he asked cheerily.

"Yes, my lord, it is time for answers."

Aries cracked popped his neck and stretched out his claws. "If you have answers, now would be a good time to provide them." he growled as he closed in on the captive.

The intruder gulped, his mouth opening to scream again.

* * *

Josiah and Jacob glared at their wives. Ever since Victor had been killed, life had been difficult. They heard that the Beast had chosen Lilandra and no one knew whether she was alive or dead. The last few months had been hard and finally they had sold the farm and moved closer to town. Both loved the gambling tables and soon that money had dried up. To make ends meet, they had forced their wives to whore themselves out. Not that Trina and Samantha cared. As long as a man rutted between their thighs, the two were happy.

Josiah had just risen. The house smelled of sex and brew. Sneezing in disgust he headed outside, scratching his ass as he went to get water from the well. He paused when he heard the sound of horses.

"Let's move, get those horses saddled! We confiscate as many steeds needed to get our army in shape," Karas's voice boomed with confidence. "We reach the prince's land soon." 

Josiah came around the side of well and glared at the large group of men heading his way. "Hey! Hey, what the hell do you think you're doing?"

Karas looked at Josiah and dismounted. "You must be the owner of these horses. Don't worry, you will be compensated in full and more." he said with a friendly smile.

"Like hell! I need them horses...for work." Josiah flapped his hands about vaguely.

Karas frowned. "I apologize if it is inconvenient, but the prince's army needs these horses. I promise you will be compensated."

"Prince? I don't know no prince." Josiah spit at Karas's boots. "We only have the mayor around these parts."

Karas sighed. "Despite what you may have heard or been told, there is still a prince and his armies are in need of horses. He understands that it may trouble you to give up such resources, so he will gladly compensate you." Karas responded calmly.

"Hey Josiah? What's going on?" Jacob demanded from the doorway of their home. He had heard the noise outside and gone to investigate.

"This man wants to take our horses and says there for a prince." Josiah chortled. "A prince!"

Scowling Jacob came outside. He was big and burly like his brother. He was not intimidated by General Karas's larger muscular frame.

Karas looked at Jacob and hoped he would be more reasonable. "As I attempted to explain to your brother, there is still a prince and his army needs your horses. You will be well compensated, I promise."

"How much?" Jacob yawned, not believing this stupid man in the fancy getup.

"At least market price and some extra, but that will be once we have calmed the unrest and rebellions that are going on." Karas replied, again with confidence.

"Unrest? Rebellion? Did you hear that Josiah? This man is looking to start a fight. Listen you, if you come to start a fight, you needn't bother. Just go to the Mayor's office which is a mile that way. He'll be more than happy to sell you what you need without having any rebellion." Jacob laughed at Karas. "Rebellion, ha ha. That's funny. Come Josiah. Our bed mates await." Not staying to see what else Karas might say the two brothers went back inside, firmly closing the door.

Karas shook his head. "Get those horses saddled. We leave now!." he said pointing back at the horses.

"Yes sir!" The horses were captured and put on a long lead with the other unridden horses. Karas's third-in-command, Hilyen came to his side. "What is wrong with these peasants? Do not understand anything?"
