 The authors would like to thank the readers, the comments and the best wishes of everyone who reads this story. Please make sure to check our profile for updates about this story.



Jacob and Josiah stumbled from the tavern, staggering slightly from the effects of the ale they'd been imbibing again. They had been pissed to discover their horses taken by that fellow who claimed to be in some army. Not that they used the horses to do actual work. Since their father's death, they had been even more lazy than usual and had chosen to live off the money made from selling the farm. Their wives were happy being whores and the two men were just as happy to spend money on drinking. It worked out well for everyone. They continued to stumble along toward the house they currently rented. They were oblivious to their surroundings, singing off-key in surprising nice baritone voices.

From the shadows, the eyes of a hunter watched. Old and experienced, he had been monitoring the two men for some time. They had witnessed the attack on the father and had been witness to the events that had happened as a consequence. They would be perfect to start a rebellion within the prince's borders...

Jacob looked at his brother. "Ya know, wondered if that Beast ripped our slutty sister to pieces?"

"Why the hell ya thinking about that whore for? She deserved what she got," Josiah mumbled, tripping over a pebble in his path.

"I'm just saying, what if she ain't dead? How much money you think she got from letting the Beast fuck her?" Greed filled Jacob's eyes as he thought about the possibilities.

"Bah! Beasts don't have money idiot! That's why they're called dumb animals," Josiah retorted.

"Man can dream can't he?" Jacob groused, clearly unhappy with his brother for not taking him seriously.

From the shadows stepped the watcher, his footsteps echoing in the quiet night. Matching the pace of his two targets and following their course along the roads and pathways of the village.

"Man I gotta piss," Jacob grumbled, stopping in his tracks and whipping out his penis. He started urinating not carrying if anyone saw or not.

A small cough broke the sound of his urination, a polite voice rolling from the mouth of the speaker. "I wonder if you realize someone could mug you very easily right about now..."

Josiah tried to turn around but his legs got tangled with each other and he landed face first in a puddle of mud.

Jacob arrogantly turned around and smirked at the man before him. "Who the hell would mug us? We ain't got no money." Calmly he put his dick back in his pants.

With a soft singing sound a long thin rapier blade tip was swiftly pressed to his throat. "You assume I would take your money friend? What if I wanted something more precious? Your life for example?"

"Hey now! We ain't done nothing to you. Just two fellows minding their own business," whined Jacob.

"Business...hmm now that might be the something I followed you for. My master has a proposition for you two fellows. Whether or not you accept it, is of course, your own choice..." To emphasize his point he pressed the tip just hard enough to draw a tiny spot of blood.

"Sure why not? Not busy at the moment," Josiah joked as he got to his feet wiping mud off his face. He enjoyed watching his older brother squirm.

"Very well then, my associates are waiting at your abode, shall we depart?" He nodded down the road to their apartment, where a carriage was already waiting.

"Well, I guess we'll be traveling in style then." Jacob hitched up his pants and got in the carriage followed by Josiah who was still trying to dust the mud off his clothes.

The man smiled and slid into the driver's seat, he didn't need to witness what went on inside. His master would deal with it.

Inside the carriage sat Discious, his huge muscular form menacing in the shadowed carriage.

Jacob and Josiah eyed the big man inside warily. "What you want?" Jacob demanded, his buzz from the ale starting to wear off and be replaced by a headache.

"To make you an offer, boy." Discious's voice was a deep dangerous growl, hinting at what would happen if he were to be crossed by these young men.

"Your father was killed by the beast, was he not?"

"Yeah but everyone knows that. Stupid bastard deserved what he got. Banging our wives and making us go without."

"So you hold no grudge against the creature who murdered your father then?"

"Maybe a little. We're more upset he took our little sister. We could have made a killing off that body of hers."

"And what if I told you that she was alive and unblemished by that monster?"

Jacob's mouth fell open in surprise and the last of his drunken state abruptly disappeared. "You lie!"

"I do not lie friend, she lives and is untainted. Do you wish to really get her back?"

Josiah was watching the man intently now. He and Jacob exchanged looks and Jacob answered slowly. "Perhaps...it depends on how much work is involved."

"Just a little bit of...public speaking you could call it."

The great hulking man stood there looking at his two passengers, "Well?"

"We're in!" They said at the same time, twin grins of malice staring back at the man in the carriage.

"Very well...this is what you will have to do..." He leaned forwards and began to whisper his plans...

*    *    *

Evening came swiftly but Lynn did not notice. He was smiling for word had reached them that General Karas and his men were only an hour away. Impatiently he hurried to Aries's chambers to meet with his Prince and tell him the good news.

Aries was standing on the balcony gazing out into the night sky, breathing deeply of the scents that the winds brought to his senses.

Lynn knocked once and came in. "My Prince, General Karas and his army will be here within the hour. This is excellent news for us."

"I know Lynn, I can smell them on the air. It seems change is sticking to it's schedule for once. Perhaps now our dream of rebuilding our ravaged homeland can come to fruition."

"I have possible good news regarding General Gotred. It seems he had made his way south and has been living there for some time. I'm trying to get confirmation on that but I have hope." Lynn bustled about cleaning up. "I managed to get some of the village women to help me get the lower level rooms cleaned so that the General and his men can stay inside for tonight. Also, I had food brought in that should last for at least 3 days, more than enough time for us to figure out what we need to do."

"That's excellent my friend, No doubt he will be pleased to be back in the keep. Gotred will be hard to find, however no doubt he will be eager to return. He always enjoyed the field of battle."

"Most big and muscular fighting men are that way," teased Lynn. His step was light and so was his heart. Though Miss Lilandra had managed to brighten the place, it was still tense because the trust was being rebuilt among the three of them. "Miss Lilandra has been very solemn since the break-in and near kidnapping."

"Yes, most people are. We must be more subtle the next time. Perhaps you need to refresh your memory with the subjugation techniques you once mastered?"

Lynn grimaced. "I never thought I would have to use those techniques ever again but of course I've been known to make a few mistakes. I felt it prudent, however, that you be the one to tell Miss Lilandra about our soon to be arriving guests. We still have five hours before your change and I will have all the men squared away by then as well."

"Perhaps, we must be sure that she does not have another...unnecessary reaction to the situations presented before her. I entrust everything to you Lynn. When I change tonight, I would like to speak to Karas."

Lynn gave Aries a surprised look. "You will not meet him as the Beast?" He paused as he thought on Aries's words. "Wait, you want me to explain to Miss Lilandra about Karas?"

"I will explain to her, Lynn, do not worry, you have a small platoon to take care of. You always wanted more people around the castle did you not?"

"True but I didn't think that many this fast," huffed Lynn good-naturedly.

"A challenge is good for the soul my old friend, it will do you a fair bit of benefit to see Karas once more." He yawned and stretched his wings out, feeling the strain leave his muscles.

"Right now, Miss Lilandra is downstairs peeling potatoes and making the bread."

"I see you have been teaching her your famous culinary skills. What is on the menu tonight?"

"Potato soup with deer meat. I've brought up the best wine from the cellar."

Lynn looked at his Prince. "I suppose I should go assist her. Do you want me to send her to you once we are done?"

Aries nodded and walked towards the open balcony, enjoying the cool breeze that swept in, "Yes Lynn that will do fine, thank you."

Lynn bowed and hurried out, his mind on the number of dishes needed to feed all the men.

*    *    *

Lilandra wiped her sweaty brow with the back of her hand and glanced over at Lynn. Never had she worked so hard before but unlike the times spent cooking for her father and brothers, this work was more enjoyable.

"Lynn, who is coming? You keep avoiding question. Please, who is it? Are the villagers finally over their fear of Beast?" Curiosity was burning bright within her. She had to know!

Lynn looked at her for a moment with a slightly worried expression on his face. "The master will inform you of who our guests will be tonight after we are done preparing the feast. The sooner you finish then the sooner you shall know."

"Lynn!" Lilandra shook her head, exasperated. "Well I'm done. Where is Beast?" Lilandra covered the meat to keep it hot and laid her apron on the table.

"Patience is a virtue young lady, make sure you put the spices in the correct containers before you leave. Pepper in the Cinnamon powder does not mix well."

Lilandra blushed, hurriedly corrected her mistake and looked at Lynn expectedly.

He nodded approvingly, "that's better, now off you go before he gets impatient." He turned back to his long bench, beginning to clean up what he could.

Lilandra left the kitchen and made her way to Beast's chambers. She knocked on the door, impatiently shuffling back and forth, waiting for him to acknowledge her.

After a moment the booming voice of Beast called out instructing her to enter. The air was chilly compared to the immense heat of the kitchens. "Ah, Lilandra, how are the preparations for the feast?"

Lilandra blinked, her eyes adjusting to the dimmer light as she entered. "We are done. The food is being kept warm. We made enough food to feed a whole town! I asked Lynn who the food is for but he told me that you would explain." Lilandra had made her way completely inside, her eyes finally locating Beast sitting near the window sill.

"To put it simply some old friends are returning to the castle. The complex answer, would be, what is left of one of my strongest regiments and their courageous leader, general Karas."

"Wait. Your army? A general? Why are they coming here now?" Lilandra paled at the thought of all those men in the castle. Did this mean Beast was going to make her bed them? 

"Because the time for change is almost upon us, my dear. A war is coming...a war to set things right once and for all. We shall reclaim my kingdom and rebuild it to its former glory."

"War! With who? I do not understand Beast!" Vaguely she remembered her mother speaking of battles and wars but always as stories of bygone times. Not in the present. Always in the past. "Who are you fighting?"

"There are dark enemies out there, Lilandra, lurking in the shadows. The tapestries you saw with Lynn when you first came here depicted the first great war with those same enemies. Now they stir in the shadows once again. They are like cockroaches, and I intend to purge every single one of them this time."

"Beast, I." Lilandra looked down at the floor. "I see. Will I be helping Lynn serve dinner?" Her tone had gone from warm to very polite, her expression changing to one of vagueness, much like the one she'd worn at home whenever her father had barked orders at her that she hadn't comprehended. It was safer than the alternative had been.

"Do not worry Lilandra, the men will feed themselves, they prefer to wander while they feast." He turned and walked towards her, gently placing his claw on her shoulder, "Are you all right?"

"I am fine, Beast. I guess I was more tired than I thought. Maybe I should retire to my room."

He looked down at her, he could tell she was lying but he did not want to push her. "Very well Lilandra, I hope you rest well."

"Thank you. If you need me, well, I will help. Good evening, Beast." Her eyes flitted to his face and away as she left his room.

*    *    *

Lynn waited outside in the courtyard, ignoring the cold air blowing about. Another storm was due in a few days. Karas had done well to get to the castle as soon as he had. Lynn only hoped the other generals would be able to arrive as quickly. Soon the whinny of horses and thudding of boots striking cobblestone was heard as Karas and his army came down the lane.

As they approached the gates, Karas raised his arm for a halt. Looking down at Lynn he waited until the noise had stopped and struck his heart to his chest in a salute to Lynn. "Commander, it is good to see you again."

"General Karas, you owe me no salute. Please, enter," Lynn opened the gates and gestured for Karas and his men to come inside. "The stables are to your left. I am sorry we have no staff to assist to their care but as you have probably noticed, the people have forgotten about their prince."

Karas could only smile, it was just like old times, "Fear not my old friend, our time in the wilds has not wiped our memories of how to stable our mounts. Do not worry, the people will rally soon when they see the army is returning."

"One can hope," Lynn muttered, spinning on his heel and heading for the stables first. Once the horses had been attended to, Lynn took Karas and his company into the castle. "The whole first floor is yours. No one will disturb you. Prince Aries will be down to eat dinner with you and discuss matters with you. He will meet you in two hours."

"Thank you, how is his...condition? When we parted he was not handling it well..."

"He has become resigned to his half life. The last seven years have been, eventful." Lynn would leave the telling of it to Aries. "The communal bath has been cleaned and the water heated. Take your time and rest. I will come get you for dinner."

"Thank you for that, I am glad to be here once again. We have many stories to tell you."

"It will be good to hear them. Things have been dreary here for a long time, especially with the Prince in the beginning. But now, not as much, since time has worn away the shock." Lynn stopped in front of the General's room. "Only the best for the best." Lynn looked at the men. "Find a room, each houses four soldiers. Rest and relax. You are safe within these walls."

Karas smiled widely and patted Lynn on the back, well done my friend. These are much appreciated." He turned and addressed his men, some old and some new. "Men, treat this place as your new home. Same rules, if you break it, we'll break something of yours. Enjoy yourself, but have fun."

Lynn watched them flow around him and into the rooms. He turned to Karas. "Make sure your mean stay on this level and if they must have air, stay on the grounds. No one is allowed upstairs unless escorted by me."

"Of course, my men will not stray from this level, if they do there will be hell to pay." He turned and glared at his men to emphasize this point.

"Yes, sir, General, sir," they all replied as one.

Satisfied Lynn left them to get settled in. He made his way back upstairs to Aries's room. "Sire, General Karas and his men are getting themselves reacquainted with the lower levels. I told them that dinner will be in two hours. Should I lock Miss Lilandra in her room?"

Aries turned and looked at his old friend and thought for a moment. "No need to lock her, in, but do inform her to stay on her floor for now. I will introduce her to the general in due time."

"Of course sir. They are all eager to see their prince again. This is exciting news."

"For now let them enjoy themselves, it will do them good to enjoy the comforts of the castle once more."

"Very good then, my Prince. I will return in two hours. Is there anything else you need, my Prince?"

"That will do for now, Lynn...I must leave for an hour. The urges are calling once more..." His voice was darker at the end, he had not indulged the needs of his curse for longer than he shoulder have.

"I understand, be safe, my lord." Lynn bowed, still smiling about the day's events and quit the room.

*    *     *

Karas and his men were ready by the time Lynn came to lead them to the dining hall for dinner. "Prince Aries will be with you shortly. Until then, feast heartily."

Karas shook his head. "Are you going to serve us all by yourself, old man?" His smile was genuine though his eyes were troubled.

Lynn gave a rueful smile in response. "Of course, I somewhat doubt a platoon of the kingdom's finest can out pace my legendary serving skills, General. After all, you aren't so young yourself anymore either."

"True but what I meant was, where is the staff? Why do you not have kitchen maids and serving wenches? Come to think of it, where is everyone?"

"That, my friend, is a long and...disheartening story. Put simply, the master's new form was...unpleasant to the staff. Right now only the summer harvest staff still attend, only because they do not see the master."

Karas's expression changed to one of anger. "How dare they abandon their Prince! After all he did for them! Saving their worthless lives!"

"General, please calm down, the prince will explain everything. We do not blame them for leaving. People cannot help what they fear." Lynn picked up the bottle of aged spirits and refilled Karas's mug. "It is a subject that is still tender with the master, so please try not to overreact."

Karas calmed down but with visible effort. "I know that I left seven years ago, and perhaps my Prince thinks I was being cowardly and I will admit, his appearance was shocking at first but myself and the other three Generals felt it prudent to divide up and hunt down any of Zitomira's people that might remain. We didn't want them to use whatever powers that witch had to infect our own citizens. We saw much in our travels but we did not find anymore of her people."

"It seems they are more skilled at blending in than we first thought. But do not worry General, all will be made right in good time. Now eat, drink, enjoy yourself. This is a celebration of homecoming for our people."

"Your words are intelligent as always." Karas downed his mug of spirits and with a hearty laugh began to eat. He noted which of his men finished first and began to move about restlessly. "You can walk about on the first floor but remain on this floor as per our Prince's orders." He fixed his gaze especially on Zanthiel. The young man was barely 22 years old but already displayed some unpleasant personality traits that Karas was attempting to correct.

The young man looked up sharply, a glint of annoyance at being restricted showing in his eyes but he nodded and quietly stood up. "Of course sir, I shall not wander out of bounds..." He walked away from the table and out into the corridor, muttering to himself.

Karas looked to Hilyen and to Mayguel. Both men nodded. They would keep an eye out for young Zanthiel. Satisfied that everything was fine, Karas resumed eating. Soon he was full as were most of his men. He looked to Lynn. "The hour is almost up. Will we be seeing him?"

Lynn leaned close, speaking in hushed tones, "He has requested a private audience with only your Karas. You are the only one he can truly trust for now. Please do not take this the wrong way but he does not know your men as well as you. He cannot risk anything unpredictable happening."
