 Authors' Notes: First smegger and I (kita) want to thank everyone for the outpouring of emails and comments. We apologize for the long periods between chapters. Special thanks to caribbeanisland in UK for noting an item in the story that we overlooked but most definitely corrected in this chapter. Please, everyone enjoy and feel free to comment/email us!

*

General Karas was furious! How could Zanthiel be so foolish? Had he not warned the men to stay in the assigned area? Angrily he tried to find a reason for his man's rebellion and attack on the woman. And just who was the girl anyway? Was she the reason Lynn wanted everyone to stay downstairs?

The sound of talons clicking on the hard stone flags echoed in the hall as Aries strode down the corridor. He was annoyed, his anger having faded a little but not by much. He was going to find out just how much that man knew and then, if the mood took him, make sure the forest wolves had a feast tonight.

Karas and Lynn got Zanthiel to a room and tossed him inside. The younger man groaned and feebly stirred. Karas glared at his soldier before stomping past Lynn back out into the hallway.

Lynn looked down at the young man and shook his head slowly, "The foolishness of youth..." He walked back to the door and closed it quietly behind him, locking it securely before addressing Karas, "It seems time has had its toll on all of our instincts."

"I don't know what got into him. He is one of my best and I fear our Prince will not be lenient, especially since it happened to a lady under his roof."

"I'm afraid I must agree with you there my old friend. Add to the fact that the rose venom is coursing through his veins...the prince will know when he is not telling the truth."

"Then I hope for his sake that he tells the truth and perhaps our Prince's ire will not be so great." Karas turned at a faint sound. "I do believe he is almost here."

Lynn nodded and sat down in one of the chair by the door, "He is already inside, the only exit now is through the open window...Let us hope we don't have to clean the flagstone tomorrow."

Karas grimaced and prayed that his man would be honest and that Zanthiel's odd behavior was a fluke. Otherwise he'd be short one man.

* * *

Just audible on the edge of hearing, the click of talon on the floor inside could be heard, getting closer and closer to where the young soldier lay.

Zanthiel had finally managed to open his eyes and immediately wished he hadn't. He was laying on the floor and coming closer to him were really sharp claws. He was so scared he almost pissed his pants.

A low growl filled the air, reverberating around the room. The long arm of air reached down and gripped the young man by his shirt and easily pulled him off the floor. "Good evening boy."

"Please, please, don't kill me!" Zanthiel stuttered, kicking futilely as he was hauled into the air.

The prince glared at him, bringing him close, his stinking breath blowing in the terrified man's face. "Now why would I do that? Perhaps you could be so kind as to explain to me what you were doing wandering my domain unattended?"

"I, I...please my lord, the poison burns!" Zanthiel was sweating and he wanted to lie about why he'd been in a restricted area but with such thoughts came a fiery pain.

"That's what happens to rabbits who stray into the dens of predators. Now tell me boy, what were you doing wandering in my den without supervision?"

"Please, have mercy! I was stupid! I only wanted to get the money!"

Aries looked at him closely. "What money? Did someone pay you to try and kill me?"

"On our way here, the village we came through...at the tavern was a man offering money to any who could capture and bring to him the lady of the beast."

"What man? What was his name? What did he look like?" His grip tightened, menace growing in his voice.

"He was hooded! He made sure none could see his face! The other men at the table called him a fool, said it was impossible."

"Who was he working for then? How much was he offering?" Aries' fangs were beginning to bare now, his patience growing short with the lack of information.

Zanthiel struggled, his face turning redder. "He offered 1,000 gold pieces to the man who capture and bring her to the edge of the forest by tonight. I do not know who he worked for, if any! That's all, I swear it milord!"

Aries glared at him once more. "Who else accepted the offer from this man? 1,000 gold pieces is a tempting offer."

"I do not know. The man did not stay around after his declaration. No one else moved from the table. I left when the General rounded us up. That's all of it! I speak the truth!"

A little smile came across Aries' features as he watched the man. "Then answer me one final question boy. Do you think you can fly?"

"No, milord, I am only a man!" The whites Zanthiel's eyes were visible.

"I will give you one chance to live. You will do something for me. If you succeed you will be rewarded with your life. If you fail..." He let the threat hang silently in the air, awaiting the mans reply.

"An-, anything my prince!"

"You will go to this meeting, you will bring one of your leaner comrades bound and seemingly vulnerable. We will wait for this mysterious man. You will convince him you have the girl. You will take payment and complete the deal, are we clear?"

Zanthiel nodded vigorously. 

"Good. As punishment you will suffer the venom coursing through your veins while you do this job for me. Count yourself lucky I do not make it worse." He dropped the young man and called to Karas outside, "General, you may enter now."

Karas was not a nervous man by nature, but knowing that one of his soldiers had disobeyed made him wary of his prince who he had not seen in many years. "My liege?"

"Prepare your most skilled lean man. We have a special guest to pick up tonight. Make sure he can scream convincingly."

Karas was baffled but bowed low. "It shall be as my liege orders."

"Once we are done Karas, I want you to make this man suffer in that unique way you are famous for. Make him remember that if he betrays us again...there will be no rest for him."

Karas straightened, and gave a chilling grin. Traitors, no matter how close a friend they were, deserved everything that happened to them. Zanthiel had ceased to be his solider the moment he crossed the line into enemy.

Aries nodded and strode away down the hall, leaving Karas alone with the young man, Lynn silently watching from the hallway.

Karas looked at the cowering Zanthiel and laughed as the young man sobbed his fear.

* * *

After leaving Lynn to guard the door, Karas went and got some much needed sleep. He woke up in the early afternoon of the next day. Frowning at being allowed to sleep in, he washed, dressed and went in search of Lynn. Instead he heard singing. Entranced he followed the sound, not paying heed to where he was going. He stopped outside a room, riveted by the sweet soprano voice. As the notes died away, he pushed the door open and froze. Before him was the girl from the night before. He blinked and realized she was standing in nothing but a shift.

He blushed like a schoolboy when she yelped in surprise. Hurriedly he looked away as he heard her scrambling about for clothing. "I'm sorry. I should have knocked."

As Karas turned he just barely dodged the swipe from a long hard iron poker that clanged off the flagstones and swiped upward on the rebound, once again just barely missing the general's chin. He took a step back only to see a determined Lynn lift it high above his head and stop when he realized who it was. "Oh it's you general..."

"Gods above, Lynn! That was my head!" Karas scowled. He gave a rueful laugh when Lilandra's bashful giggle filled the air.

Lynn carefully lowered the poker and set it by the inside of the door, still somehow carrying the lunch tray in one hand, nothing spilled. "Do forgive the lack of butter on your toast, Miss Lilandra, I was about to spread it when I heard you yelp."

"I don't think I'll die if I don't have butter, Lynn, but thank you." Lilandra had her dress on and sidled past Karas and over to Lynn's side.

Lynn idly waved at the general in a dismissive tone, "Oh you would have hardly noticed through that thick skull of yours Karas." He carefully poured tea for Lilandra and himself before sitting down and sipping it, watching the general. "So what brings you to see our guest General?"

"I heard the singing...It was foolish. But the song was so beautiful, made me think of better years...." The yearning in his tone caused a silence to descend. Lilandra simply stared at him.

"Of course it was beautiful but you are far too old for this lovely young flower." This came from Aries, who was now standing in the doorway, what seemed to be a smile upon his snout. "It seems you have attracted more than your usual number of guests Lilandra."

She blushed and ducked her head. "I'm sorry Beast."

He quietly moved into the room, gently laying his paw on her shoulder. "There is nothing to apologize for Lilandra, you know this. Now tell me, how are you feeling? I trust your back is feeling a little better?"

Nervously she glanced in the general's direction before looking directly at the Beast. "I feel rested. My back still aches but it does not burn with pain. Thank you." Unconsciously she reached up and caressed his snout, her fingers running from it to his jaw.

Karas gaped. Never had he seen anyone, not even Lynn, be so bold with the Prince while in his Beast form. Karas was amused. The young lady appeared reluctant to stop touching his Prince. This was good news indeed!

A quiet growl of contented happiness came from Aries, like a puppy who had just been given a good belly rub. "I am glad you are getting better, if I may be so bold, may I check your hand as well?"

"Yes, of course, Beast." She moved her hand and held it out for him to see.

He very carefully took her hand in his and looked down at it, it was still slightly swollen but that was to be expected. What amazed him the most was that there was no rotting of the flesh at all unlike the young soldier she had struck in the face. It was remarkable...like the rose did not want to harm her with its venom.

"Am I all right? I will live?" Anxiously she rocked back and forth.

He nodded and smiled once again, "Of course Lilandra, didn't we tell you that last night? Do not worry. There is no poison in you at all."

She looked perplexed and so did Karas. "Doesn't the black rose venom always poison if not kill?"

"Like I said, you gripped it just right young one. You were very lucky." He gently let go of her hand and chuckled, the warm air in his vast lungs blowing from his nostrils and causing her hair to almost shimmer in the breeze it caused.

She shivered, eyes contracting. "Beast," she whispered, her breathing speeding up.

He gently stroked her cheek with his warm furry paw, "Yes Lilandra?"

Karas was embarrassed to be staring at the two. He could feel the building attraction and he wondered, staring at Miss Lilandra, if she even knew it existed. He was sure his Prince knew, but the young lady, something told him she was innocent about a lot of ways of the world. He cleared his throat. "Sir, we need to speak about my soldier's activity, if you have time."

Aries held her gaze for a moment longer before nodding and tuning to Karas, "Indeed, we have much to discuss and more to prepare."

Lynn clapped his hands together. "Come Miss Lilandra, you can have lunch in your room. Then I need your help in North Wing. I do believe we have cleaning to do."

"Lynn!" she groaned but obediently followed him from the room.

Karas watched her go and turned to his Prince. "Sire, forgive me for my boldness, but has she ever been around men? She seems so, innocent."

Aries looked at the general for a moment, considering his words. "In short, yes she has. But thankfully she was removed from them before they took advantage of her. From what my sources tell me, her father and brothers were quite active with each other's wives."

Karas looked ill. "I'll never understand peasants. Why they insist on acting like animals...Disgusting. Zanthiel is resting but he will do as instructed tonight. Do you wish to capture the person offering the bounty or are we to kill any who come to meet Zanthiel?"

Aries had given this much thought during the night and was sure with his answer. "We will capture and interrogate him on site. Once we've finished...we dispose of them both. If he can be tempted by a measly 1000 gold pieces, I don't want him in my ranks." 

"He was a good solider too. I just don't understand it. My men have never strayed. I will now have to rethink and reevaluate all of them. We cannot have complications at this stage. My liege, what of the other three generals?"

"We have some information as to where they may be located, however we have yet to make contact with them. I can only hope they are still out there to find."

"If they are like me, they are too hard to kill and too ornery to die. They will come, my Prince. I had dreams about coming home and then to get Lynn's message, well I knew it was time to return then."

Aries nodded, looking towards the wide bay windows. "Too ornery indeed, I seem to remember a few of them coming back from the brink of death just to spite the physicians." He let out a low laugh at the memory, wishing they were here now.

"Aye, that they did. I must go check on my men and prepare Zanthiel. After getting a better look at the young miss, I have the perfect solider to play the damsel." He gave a chuckle. 

Aries raised an eyebrow as he heard the last remark but smirked all the same. "I don't know whether to be impressed or disturbed Karas."

"Do both, my liege. I just hope it works. And now, I must go."

"Of course, good luck General, I'll be keeping tabs on the progress of our little 'outing'."

"As will I." Karas bowed low, saluted, and marched smartly from the room, his mind already turning to the problem of tonight's meeting.

* * *

The day had gone by swiftly but quietly. Lilandra didn't mind. After her experience with the solider the night before, she was more than happy to stay in her room, being obedient for a change. She ate her meals in her room and when the late afternoon sun bathed her in its warmth, she fell into a restless sleep...

~~~~

{I know this place:}, Lilandra thought, but she wasn't sure how. {I know I'm dreaming too, but why?} She peered around the room, trying to figure out how she knew this place. Slowly she walked around the huge room, looking for a way out but finding none. She was completely enclosed in. "I will not panic. There has to be a reason why there is no door."

A voice from behind startled her, causing her to turn sharply. Only to see a woman who looked almost exactly like herself -- an older version of herself in far stranger clothing but still....

"You seem surprised to see me Lilandra. I would've thought you would have learned to remember your dreams by now."

She blanched, her hand going to her mouth. Tears formed in her eyes. "Mother?" the word was a faint whisper in the quietness of the room. She couldn't believe her eyes. Her mother stood before her, in perfect health, with that familiar loving look of concern that she always had when she and Lilandra had been alone. "No, this cannot be. You...you died!"

"As perceptive as ever I see." She smiled a moment and moved to lounge sofa in the centre of the room. Sitting down she lightly patted the cushion beside her. "Come, sit. We have much to catch up on and time is short."

"Father is dead!" Lilandra blurted out and then blushed. She nervously twined her fingers in the fabric of her dress, a habit her mother had often chided her about but that she couldn't seem to help, especially when she was very nervous.

Her mother gently took her hand in hers, holding it softly, but firmly. "I know dear. I cannot say that I regret his passing. That man was not worth it in the end. There are many things I have seen, in time you will realize how to do this also."

"I don't understand. You're going to leave me again, aren't you? This isn't real, any of it?" Lilandra clutched her mother's hands tightly, willing herself not to cry.

"In a way you are right my child, but also you could not be farther from the truth. My spirit is always with you my darling, closer than you think."

"I am confused but it does not matter. I want to savor this moment. Oh mother, I, please! Strange things are happening to me and to those that I lo--, care deeply for. You were always very wise. Please, I need your wisdom now."

"As always my child, tell me, what troubles you?"

"When Beast saved me from the wolves, he was hurt. I couldn't lift him and I needed help. I heard a voice that told me to imagine Lynn and that I would save Beast. And it happened mother! And there was the fire that came from my hands to scorch the wolves who dared attack my Beast. Mother, how did I do these things? You spoke of such things in your bedtime stories. Magic you called it. But you said it did not exist. Then how is it that I saved him? How is it that the venom from the black rose did not hurt me like the man who attacked me? I have so many questions and no answers, mother!"

"All will come in good time my dear. I shall explain the basics to you first. You are correct to assume Magic does not exist, it was a simple name to give a complicated power. What you have, what WE have, is the power of the earth beneath us. The power to give life and create great events. The fire from your fingers was but a fraction of that ability."

Lilandra's eyes widened but she stayed silent, taking in all her mother's sayings. Later she would analyze them and keep the lessons close to her heart.

"Come my child, you must watch, and learn." Gently she took Lilandra's hand and led her toward the wall closest to the fireplace which was transforming from brick into a shiny mirror.

"Oh!" Lilandra froze but was forced forward when her mother pulled her to it. 

"Look into its depths, remember how it feels to fall into it. Watch your Beast and his men as they seek to find the truth. Remember, the earth will aid them if you so will it."

"Yes, mother," Lilandra stammered and turned her attention to the mirror's surface which had begun to swirl. She saw colors twist into combinations and then she was falling....

* * *

Karas critically eyed Ashyton. The young man was slender like a woman and just as wily. They had put him in a woman's dress, gave him a bosom and applied makeup. Ashyton had taken the teasing of his fellow soldiers in stride, proclaiming proudly that it was an honor to serve his liege.

Karas laughed and looked at Lynn. "Your old uniform suits you well, old friend. What do you think of my handiwork?" He gestured to the now finished Ashyton, who fluttered his lashes at Lynn.

Lynn couldn't help but chuckle at the young man and raised an appraising eyebrow. "I think perhaps he should not stray into town tonight until he has changed. I don't think the local dog chasers will appreciate finding out he's more a mutt than a bitch."

The soldiers laughed and Ashyton smiled. "They would find out this mutt has a bad bite. But we'd best get going if we are going to trap those who choose to attack our Prince."

"Here, here. Everyone has their orders. We await our Prince."

The soft beat of leathery wings was heard above them for a moment before Aries landed nearby, the soft thud of his great weight connecting with the firm soil beneath him.

"My Prince," Karas dropped into a deep bow, his men doing the same. "We are ready."

Aries took in the vision of disturbing beauty that Ashyton had become. "Very well General, let us find and greet our special guest with the utmost haste. You have your orders, move out."
