 Lynn glanced down at the unconscious Lilandra and marveled yet again at the power she had displayed. He was amazed yet disturbed by the implications of what this would mean for his master's relationship with the young woman.

Aries glided in quietly through the open balcony doors, landing gently with his two passengers in his arms. He set Lynn down before moving to his bed, laying Lilandra down so she could rest. "I think you could do with some rest as well old friend. I will watch over her for now."

"I'm too worked up to sleep. Besides, we must figure out what to do about her power, my prince."

"So far it seems she has used it only when the situation requires it. Such as saving our lives. Perhaps she could be of use to us in the coming months, healing the wounded and such like."

Lynn grimaced. "I hate to think of her being stuck in the middle of all this. She is so young, my prince, though I do believe her heart is generous. Her courage though, well, I do not think it could hold up during a war."

"Not everyone's does Lynn, but we must remember that even the most hardened of troops were once naive young boys. People harden eventually." "True, but do you want her to get that hardness? Remember what happened to another young woman whose heart became hard. She cursed you into the form you now bear."

"True, but her sister did not. Her sister was quite the opposite of that wretched Sea-witch." Aries paused for a moment as he thought about something.

"She seems to resemble her quite closely doesn't she?"

Lynn sucked in a breath. He had wondered when Aries would make the connection. "Yes she does my liege. Do you think it is possible?"

"Anything is possible Lynn, but the question is, when did she find time to have a child? And more importantly, how did she end up here?"

"Well, if I believed in the triad of elements, I would say it was that power that brought Miss Lilandra to us. As to when Aquene found time to have a child, I can't say."

"I did not even know she was married."

"Obviously it was out of wedlock, but I can't see her having allowed that beast Victor to have come near her, let alone touch her at all. Perhaps Lilandra was adopted?"

Lynn shrugged. "We won't know unless we ask Miss Lilandra." He glanced over at the slumbering young woman. "I think she'll be asleep for several more hours."

"Indeed, she looks exhausted. I doubt I will get much sleep tonight myself after what has happened." He stood up, slowly pacing back and forth in front of the window.

"I do believe General Karas and his men will be a while in coming back." Lynn had seen the gleam in Karas' eyes as they were flying away. The good general would be short one man and possibly have more information on who was after Lilandra.

"I would be disappointed if they did not take their time, Lynn. Zanthiel betrayed his Commander after all. The man who took him in, protected him and made him a real man. Such betrayals come with harsh punishments."

"Would you like me to put her back in her room? And do you have any wounds I should look at, my Prince?"

Aries quietly walked over to the bed gazing down at her, a slight smile gracing his features. "No, there's no need to disturb her sleep. I'll watch over her tonight. It's getting close to my time to change anyway."

"She still hasn't figured out the connection, has she? My Prince, I hope for so much but at the same time I worry that she will fail you."

"If it is meant to be then it will be so Lynn. You know that as well as I, we cannot force such things to happen. If we try then it is guaranteed to go wrong."

"Yes, my Prince. I'm being foolish. Just blame it on an old man's fears. Now, I'll go and check on our food stores. Good night, my Prince."

He nodded towards Lynn as he left, looking out from the balcony as the moonlight slide across his body, the change beginning. He grunted in pain, clutching his ribs as his body changed forms. Letting out a low roar which slowly changed into a suppressed scream. Aries once again became human.

Lilandra groaned and slowly opened her eyes. Disoriented, she let out a yelp when she saw a nude man by the window. Wildly she looked around for something to hit the intruder with.

Gasping he stumbled into the bathroom, hidden by the shadows. He groped around and quickly pulled a bathrobe around himself to keep his modesty. He took a moment before popping his head out. "It's ok...it's me."

"My Lord Aries!" she squeaked, scrambled from the bed and dropped into a curtsy.

"No, no need for that my lady. Please, continue resting. Just pretend I'm not here."

"Oh, I, oh!" She wrung her hands nervously. Pretend he wasn't there? How did he expect her to do that? She was aware of his muscular body. She felt her face heat. But right on the heels of that thought, came an image of Beast and his kind eyes. Startled she sat down and pondered this new thought.

He slowly walked out of the bathroom and sat down in the comfy chair by the bed, his face was fresh with scratches and small cuts. "I heard about what happened at the ambush."

"Oh?" she dropped her head and stared at the floor. She wasn't sure if he was going to scold her or praise her and she wasn't sure if she wanted either one.

"I'm glad you were there to help Lynn, I don't know what we'd have done if he'd passed away. Thank you."

Lilandra squirmed. "It was nothing. I mean, it was something, just that I...Shutting up now." She grew quiet, ashamed at her inability to tell him her feelings.

He smiled a little and gently took her hands in his. "I understand. You don't have to explain anything to me."

He looked up into her eyes with his own big brown deep eyes, "You are so beautiful Lilandra."

"You keep saying that. You're embarrassing me." She blushed and looked into his eyes. They were so familiar. It teased the corner of her mind but like water it slipped away.

"It's true though, you have an amazing body, a perfect face and an incredible mind to go with it all."

"If I had such a mind then why do I keep falling into trouble?" Bitterness this time at herself made her cry angry tears.

"We all fall into trouble Lilandra." Motioning to his own cut face he spoke again. "I wasn't exactly the most careful person in the world tonight either."

She gasped and hurried to his side. "Who hurt you?"

"Oh it was nothing serious; I just got a little careless walking through the woods tonight. I tripped and...fell down a ditch. I'm fine."

Gently she touched his face. He wasn't bleeding and she sighed in relief. She was puzzled that she wasn't more concerned and she frowned.

He gave her hands a gentle squeeze as he looked into her eyes, "Something troubles you Lilandra?"

She blushed. "No, nothing important. I, I feel lost. I thought I understood who I am but tonight...well now I'm not so sure."

His thumbs gently rubbed the back of her hands, his skin feeling much softer than she expected, a tingle crossing her skin as he did so. "Tell me about it..."

She glanced at him and looked away. She wanted to tell him but it didn't feel right. He wasn't the one she really wanted to speak with. An image of Beast popped into her mind and she suddenly felt guilty for being intimate with Aries. She abruptly pulled her hands from his and stood up. "I'm sorry. I really should get back to my room."

He stood up, unsure of why she was reacting like this. "Lilandra, what's wrong? Did I do something to offend you?"

In his haste to stand he did not notice his robe slipping open slightly at the front.

At his tone she raised her eyes and froze, her gaze sliding down to his penis. She blushed, and flustered, hastily averted her eyes. Yes he had taken her virginity but he had never come back to her bed after that. She had wondered in the beginning if she had done something wrong. But if the hardness of his cock was any indication, then he was still interested in her in that way. It was all so confusing!

He saw her blush and at a gentle breeze from the open window, realized what she had seen. His mind told him he should stop, but his lust, pent up for months now overpowered him. He took a step forward, the robe opening wider as he approached her. "You've been lonely haven't you, without the caring touch of a man upon your body?"

He reached out, gently caressing her cheek, "You need not fear me Lilandra. I wish to only please you."

"I, I." Timidly she came forward and kissed his lips.

He tenderly returned the kiss, cupping her cheek, parting his lips slightly, his firm tip brushing against her dress, pressing against her abdomen.

Uncertainty filled her but she continued. She had started it with the kiss and mother had always told her to never be a quitter. She ran her fingers lightly down his arms, still too shy to take her hand lower as she deepened the kiss.

He gently pushed her backwards until the door prevented them from going further, his free hand roaming across her stomach, up towards her firm pert young breasts. With growing desire, he cupped it firmly, squeezing it between his strong fingers, feeling her nipple grow erect beneath his touch.

"Aries," she breathed, her eyelids fluttering closed as she enjoyed the sensation. "Please, more." He nodded, his breathing getting heavier as he took her hand, guiding it down to his hot, hard shaft before letting his robe fall away from his body fully. His hands worked deftly, freeing her from her dress, allowing it to join his robe as it pooled on the floor around her long slender legs.

Her fingers slid around his shaft and slowly she started to move it up and down. She had heard from her sisters-in-law crude conversations that men liked this sort of thing.

A shiver ran through him, a low groan of lust coming from him, much like the sounds she had heard her brothers make, so obviously she was doing something right. His hands slid up along her bare hips, across her stomach to her exposed breasts, cupping them once more, teasing her nipples between his thumb and forefinger.

"Oh!" That heat in her belly was starting to pool lower toward her cunt. Her heart was beating faster. She threaded her hands into his long hair and gentle tugged.

His head followed the direction of the tugging, his lips fluttering across his skin with butterfly kisses. Down her slender neck and shoulders, slithering across the warm soft slope of her breast before capturing one her erect buds in his mouth, suckling upon it, teasing her every so often.

"Aries!" She arched toward him, her body demanding his touch. She felt...she didn't know what it was but it made her want him to touch her everywhere.

She moaned and shifted her stance to give him better access, her hand was still stroking him but only just, so caught up in her pleasure that she forgot about him.

After what seemed like an eternity of teasing to her sensitive nipples, his lips finally travelled lower, across the planes of her stomach till they finally arrived at the trimmed forest of her pubic hair. His tongue, writhing like a snake, swiftly slithered though its foliage till it found its prize. The tender, aching button of her clitoris.

His hot breath blew over her sensitive nub, teasing her once more before his lips enclosed it, surrounding it in the hot wet warmth of his mouth.

She moaned louder and her legs almost gave out. She put her hands on his shoulders to support herself.

He purred into her wet centre, the vibrations humming though her throbbing clit. He slid his hand along her inner thigh, caressing her skin as he went. As he reached her opening, her stroked his fingers along her moistening lips, feeling them bloom like petals beneath his touch, before sliding a finger inside her.

"Aries!" She felt fire race through her veins and she was suddenly very wet. Her eyes were open and she panted.

He purred once more, working his finger in and out of her depths, adding a second finger as he felt her open before his touch.

"Is it supposed to be like this?" she gasped, wriggling as his fingers plunged in and out of her.

He removed his face from her dripping pussy for a moment to nod, "Oh yes...and more."

He captured her clit in his mouth once again, flicked it with the tip of his tongue. He curled his fingers forward, feeling for and stroking the spongy rough flesh of her g-spot.

Lilandra braced herself against the door. She couldn't feel her legs only the pleasure from between them. She wanted him inside her, wanted him to make the raging fire cool down.

As if reading her mind, he withdrew his fingers and swept her up in his arms, carrying her over to the bed. He laid her down on the soft silken covers, spreading her thigh as he slid between them. Gently he pressed the head of his cock against her opening, letting it slip in a millimeter at a time till only just the head was inside. Softly he whispered, are you ready?"

"Yes, please! I need you!"

He smiled lovingly and let his hips push forward into her blazing depths. She was as tight as he remembered, her young walls squeezing him firmly as he pushed deeper inside her, moaning softly as each thick inch entered.

She looked at him, into his eyes and his eyes reminded her of something, something that once again eluded her. She rocked her hips, demanding that he move within her.

He laid his arms alongside her, supporting his weight as his hips began to move slowly back and forth, taking his time, savoring this precious moment.

She whimpered, wanting him to quench the fire of passion not prolong it. "Aries," she gently complained, once again rocking her hips, trying to quicken the pace.

"Shh, Lilandra...good things come to those who wait. Enjoy it..." He leaned down, gently kissing her neck, nibbling at her skin as he let out a low, almost feral growl.

At his growl she froze. Guilt hit her then as she realized why she felt unsatisfied. Though Aries was making love to her, it was not him she wanted to be with. Shocked, she realized that she wanted Beast. Beast, whose sad eyes and tenderness had won her over. Beast, who kept her safe at cost to himself. True Aries had saved her and had taken her virginity but he didn't KNOW her.

"Stop," she whispered.

His hips began to move faster, driving into her with determination now. His lust was growing quickly, his pent up need rearing its head.

"Aries, stop!" she pushed against his chest, suddenly furious with him and herself. "Don't! It's not you I want!"

It took him a moment to realize she was telling him to stop. He frowned confused. "You can't be serious...not in the middle of...you can't be serious."

She covered her face with her hands and started crying. "I'm sorry! I, I thought...but I can't! I'm so sorry!"

He sighed quietly and laid his head down against her shoulder, still panting from his exertions, this was not a good turn of events. As a human a case of blue balls was bad enough...but as the beast...he would have to go out tonight and satisfy his lust elsewhere. "It's alright Lilandra, really, it's alright. Stop crying, please."

Slowly her sobs quieted and she looked up at him, eyes red and swollen. "I'm so sorry," she whispered. "I," she stopped and her gaze skittered away from his. She didn't know how to explain it.

"It's fine Lilandra really..." He slowly withdrew from her sighing quietly as he slid off the bed and tied his robe around himself once more. He stumbled slightly as he felt a twinge of pain run through him that he knew all too well, "I'm sorry...I have to go..."

He pulled open the door and quickly disappeared down the dimly lit corridors, leaving Lilandra alone in the darkness of Aries' bed chambers.

"Wait!" she yelled but he was already gone. "I'm such a fool," she whispered. Upset at her behavior and angry at herself for hurting his feelings, she left the bed, haphazardly threw on her clothes and fled to her room. She locked the door and flung herself on her bed and cried herself to sleep.

*    *    *

Karas and his men finally returned to the castle with the bounty hunter in tow. The man was securely trussed up. Zanthiel's body they left in the woods for the forest creatures to devour. The steady stomp of their boots on the cobblestones was loud and alerted the castle's inhabitants to their arrival.

"Hie, Lynn, we have returned!"

Lynn stopped before the doors and pointing at their boots. "I know you having been walking miles General but I have just finished the floors and I will not have your men mussing them up. Leave your boots at the door...then bring him to the main hall. The master is waiting there, be careful Karas...he is in a foul mood this night and he will not tell me why."

Karas grunted and then barked an order that had all his men scrambling to remove their boots. He had two of his more burly men drag the prisoner to the main hall. He led the way, walking side by side with Lynn. "A foul mood? I would have thought he would be happy that we had saved his lady?"

"Indeed he was happy...but something must have happened during his transformation. What puzzles me most is his unwillingness to talk about it."

Karas frowned. "Our Prince always confides in you. This is baffling indeed but it will have to wait." The group had arrived at the main hall and he knocked twice before pushing open the massive doors and stride in. "My Prince." Karas dropped to one knee.

His two men forced the prisoner down to his knees as they too followed their commander's example.

Aries stood at the great fireplace, glaring forward, his needs were distracting him but he did not want to indulge them, he dared not imagine Lilandra's reaction. Instead he turned around, growling softly, "You're late General."

So Lynn had been right about their liege's mood. "My sincerest apologies sire. The traitor took longer to punish than I expected. Forgive me."

"I am not in a forgiving mood currently. What have you learned tonight from this maggot so far General?"

"That he was hired by a man in the north who told him your lady's name and gave him very specific directions on how to find the town near here. The mystery client also gave this hunter money to put out as an enticement."

"If that is all, General, you may leave us. I wish to speak with this rat alone."

"As you wish my liege." Swiftly he rose and left with his two men following.

Lynn stepped back and decided to watch his Prince. I will have to ask Lilandra if she knows what is wrong, he thought before focusing his attention on Aries.

"That means you as well Lynn. I am in no mood to be disobeyed."

Aries flexed his claws, letting them glint in the light before the bound and captive man before him.

Shocked, it took Lynn a moment to recover. "Of course, my Prince." He gave the prisoner a pitying glance and quit the room.

Aries slowly began to pace around the captive before him, his talons digging into the flag stones, leaving scratch marks. The tension inside him was clear; he needed to indulge his urges, violent, sexual or destructive. This man was unfortunately going to be the source of his relief. "Tell me, boy, how much time do you think you have left in this world?"

"As long as I will it," the bounty hunter arrogantly replied.

The smile that came onto Aries face was something no mortal should ever see. Slowly he reached out with a claw extended, gradually pushing it into the upper arm of his captive. "I think what you mean is, as long as your captor wishes it."

The man cursed and glared defiantly at Aries. "My client said you were an animal."

"Only in part, the rest of me is something you will get to see this night. You will find that I am not just an animal...but a cruel man by nature as well."

He pulled the claw out before moving it down a little and pushing it back in. "You see because I can do this all night. You will tell me everything you know."
