 While Amanda diligently worked in the labs researching the ship and its vast database of lifeforms, Zack struggled to find viable candidates to become part of the ship's crew. Her cosmetic procedure left the ship with a bare minimum of resources, just enough to keep it running. To ensure the stasis fields were kept up, the communication lines had to be cut. It was hard enough carrying out even the basic of tasks but now, not only was the ship vulnerable to attack but it could now be picked up by any type of scanner. Even a cell phone searching for nearby bluetooth devices would pick up on the ship's signal. To make matters worse, Zack was practically searching the yellow books for candidates. 

"Fuuuuuuck!" Zack, frustrated by his lack of progress, threw the book at the mainframe. Fortunately the keys were sturdy enough to withstand the damage, though it still managed to strip some paint off. 

Without highly skilled engineers it was next to impossible to fix the fuel cells. At the moment replenishing supplies was a luxury, without the fuel cells the ship had a lifespan of a few days. It could salvage all that it could, there were only two rooms left in the ship excluding the containment cells. Every other room was destroyed and used to help the ship function. Amanda even had to make a trip to her house in order to get a working microscope, a trip Zack reluctantly agreed to. 

"Captain..." 

Zack interrupted the computer stating that he was well aware of the problems. Zenith had so calmly stated what he needed, it wasn't like experienced engineers grew on trees. Even if he were to find an engineer that had the required experience, Zack needed a way to approach him. Asking a person with social anxiety to simply talk to a stranger in public is the equivalent of telling a runner all he needs to win a race is run faster. Defeated, Zack went to Amanda for advice. She was the most knowledgeable, not to mention a doctor at one point, so talking to random strangers was her strong suit. 

"Hey Doc." He leaned against the metallic door frame, still reluctant to step into the room. "I been trying to find people and to be honest, I don't know where to even start." 

Zack started to drive his nail into the frame, dragging a good amount of paint with it with. For some reason he couldn't meet her eyes, like he was ashamed. He looked in every direction besides hers, the one time Zack thought things would be different still managed to bite him in the ass. Amanda fortunately picked up on his uneasiness and broke the icy barrier for him before rotating the lens to a higher power. It was obvious the silence was getting to him. Zack's telltale sign of nervousness, scratching the back of his neck, wasn't exactly hard to miss. 

"There's a guy that's supposed to be a genius when it comes to machines, you want to test him out?" The statement alone was enough to get his undivided attention. She didn't take her eyes away from the sample however, while she talked she kept fiddling with the focus. "He worked on cars when he was young and worked his way up to airplanes, this shouldn't be much different right?" 

Zenith pitched in almost immediately, almost like she was desperate. She confirmed Amanda's theory about the ship being not too different from a business jet, there were stark differences in the overall ship but the power-cells shared some similarities. If Amanda's source was familiar with a jet's engine then Zenith could give him a crash course on the ship. 

"I don't mean to be that guy but hold up." He popped open the chilled beer and went to take a small sip, which turned into a chug as he tried to conjure up some more courage. "Where was this guy a few days ago?" 

With her years of experience she saw right through him, she wasn't so naive to believe that Zack would trust her blindly with the less than modest time they were together. As if knowing he was about to ask such a question, she sighed and twisted the cap off a metallic bottle much like Zack's. "Still don't trust me huh?" She jumped on top of the autopsy table and downed the entire bottle in one fell swoop. 

"Bad habits die hard." 

He did feel slightly guilty that he didn't give her the benefit of the doubt but habits tend to be hard to refuse. The guilt therefore, much like every other emotion, was short lived and rationality was brought back to the frontlines. Pride followed soon after as he attempted drink the concoction in one fell swoop, he being the captain of the ship couldn't let a mere doctor out shine him. He failed, miserably. 

Amanda nearly toppled over in her laughter, tears were making a run for it while she was invested in covering her mouth, after all she had to maintain some type of composure in front of authority. Embarrassed, he put the bottle down and began to wipe the liquid off his white crew neck. 

"What made you think you could down a bottle of scotch?" 

"What?" Confusion was prominent all over, especially in his voice. "Shit I saw you chug it down so..." 

"What is it with men and their pride?" She grabbed the bottle and emptied it for him. "First of all, my bottle had a white logo. It was just water with some vitamins added in." He didn't want to admit it but she had a point and there was no redeeming this. "That's going to stain, here give it to me." 

"You want me to take off my shirt? Like here?" Instinctively he wrapped his arms around his chest before looking around nervously. She could see the faint change in color on his cheeks. 

"Or you can buy a new one, you are the captain." Amanda analyzed him from top to bottom before giving him an approving nod, "Not bad." It was like someone stuck bright red bulbs underneath in cheeks. 

Zack lost balance immediately, not only did it catch him by surprise but it was out of the blue. She spread out the shirt on the autopsy table and dropped some type of blue plasma on the stains. He quickly used the window of opportunity to change the topic and question about the substance sitting on his shirt. Amanda turned out to be a veteran at his game and gave him an informed answer before immediately asking him about his trust issues. He dodged a bullet only to get stabbed in the heart. 

Great fucking job, look at her eyes shithead. He shifted his gaze to her eyes and added a voice to his open mouth. 

"It takes a while for me to know someone and even then, I don't know there's just something." He could tell from the way she was staring at him, her attention away from the shirt, that she wanted more. "Fuck I don't know okay, I just can't trust people. Fuck you want from me?" 

"You can't or you don't want to?" She spoke with a voice somewhere between cold and caring, it was like a new emotion had just been invented. 

There was no way out of the conversation, hopefully this could be covered under the doctor patient clause. He nervously smiled and started to scratch the back of his neck again, desperately trying to find words to express his thoughts. The thoughts were flowing steadily, they just kept getting interrupted when they approached the mouth. Finally, he took a deep breath and collected his thoughts before attempting it a second time, "Long story short I got screwed by people I didn't think would screw me." 

"Well I guess we have one thing in common." Amanda nudged him on the shoulder and put on a knowing smile, although she tried to hide it he could clearly see the pain in her eyes. The machine worked magic on her body but her eyes remained the same, they told the same story that is. "My ex-husband screwed his students for a year and then used my tarnished reputation for the basis of divorce." 

Zack knew where this was going, he'd heard enough for a few lifetimes. Distant memories of the deli began to sprout in the crevices of his mind, forcing out nostalgia and the overall sense of blueness. The nights were the most brutal, he even nicknamed it The Breakup Diner. Day in and day out he would not only overhear but see anti-cupid working his magic. After a while however, Zack had grown accustomed to it. He reached a point where it no longer affected him, or so he thought. 

There was a certain pull in his heart as Amanda emptied hers, everytime their eyes would meet he tried to say something, anything to comfort her but everything besides a voice came out. Amanda calmly went on to explain how she was labeled as a nutcase due to the alien abduction. Just when he thought he couldn't feel any shittier, life proved him wrong once again. He cursed himself silently for telling her that her encounter was nothing more than a false memory. Zack stole the only thing left in her life, guilt didn't begin to describe what he felt. 

"What are you thinking? Story not up to your standards?" Again her voice was so calm, happy even and yet so different from what her eyes were saying. 

"No, it's just that I..." 

"Didn't do anything, the abduction was all in my head okay I accept that. Being brutally honest was kind of a dick move though." She punched him playfully in the arm assuring him that she was joking, it didn't make him feel any better however. "I'm joking, seriously don't worry so much." 

She had a weird way of counseling but it was effective, at least enough to cut through some of his defenses. "So who's the guy?" 

Once again in a flat tone she replied, "My ex-husband." 

His mouth went wide while his brain shut down, the logic used was well beyond his capacity. In no way did it make sense, it was like forcing puzzle piece to fit. "Stop fucking with me." Zack shrugged it off nervously and asked for the real answer. 

In the same calm demeanor she smiled before assuring him that she was telling the truth. The only reason she didn't bring it up before was because she had to come to terms with it. "He's a piece of shit but we need him." 

"But..." 

"Grab another drink and get your manhood back, have at least some respect for the position you're filling." She lightly tapped his cheek with her hand before ushering him to follow. "Stay here and keep everything in check, I'll be back in a couple of hours." 

She's fucking with me right? 

The thought got swallowed to make room for more important things, like processing the swaying hips his eyes were so locked on. He never thought a woman could make a ribbed white beater with blue cargo pants work but his dick, mind and heart all were singing a different tune. His mind was directly transferring the information to the spank bank while he intently watched her sway her hips slightly as she walked out the room. 

The one weakness of men, regardless of race and one that science has yet to solve. Men unfortunately, to this day, suffer from a lethal disease in which blood can only flow in one direction, either to the brain or the dick. As a result the other is turned off, this could possibly be a reason why internet search histories must never be opened. Zack, although clearly at the apex of physical condition, suffered from this disease. While the blood raced towards his penis, his brain began to shut down and he soon became lost in all that ass. When the brain took control once again, he realized she made a considerable amount of distance. 

"Wait up!" 

He made sure the boner was unnoticable before walking awkwardly out the room, the foreskin rubbed on the bottom of his boxers as he wobbled awkwardly towards the door. Unlike before, the blood refused to go upstream. To make matters worse, Amanda occasionally looked back and caught glimpses of his penguin walk. Soon she was out the corridor and the only sound heard was the opening of the exterior latch. Now that he was alone, he could actively adjust the discomfort in the basement. Surprisingly, a single touch of his cold palm calmed the beast. 

Before returning to the mainframe for routine checks, Zack felt a sudden urge to visit the containment cells. It was odd since he actively tried to find an excuse to avoid it all together, odder was the fact that there was no reason behind the ghostly urge. Absentmindedly, he walked down the corridor whistling an unfamiliar tune all while twirling his finger in the air as if he swinging a ring of keys around it. There was an extra kick in his step as well. Soon he was walking solely on the heels of his feet, all while whistling yet another unfamiliar tune. As much as he didn't like to admit, Zack never grasped the technique of whistling. All he ever managed to do was blow out a blast of concentrated air. 

Within moments he was standing eye to eye with the dreaded space littered with creature filled columns. Instead of a member of fear, a barely noticeable smirked appeared on his face as he headed in whistling the same tune. Although this was only his second time in the hangar, he maneuvered through it like he had built it himself. Zack went to inspect each glass column carefully, checking every nook and cranny before moving on to the next. He inspected around eight containment cells before Zenith picked up on the erratic behavior. Instead of alerting Zack like she normally did, Zenith sent out a spherical object that remained roughly 20 paces behind him. 

The sphere looked more like a hologram than anything, it was completely see through but it still maintained an aura of hostility. It was by no means made for anything less than violence. The body of the sphere was pristinely smooth while the eye contained an intricate web of circuitry. Everytime Zack would look in it's direction it would disappear, it was the definition of a spy. It was as if it could his movements before he did them, the sphere would turn completely invisible at least three seconds before Zack looked behind him. After a few moments a pattern had been established, everytime Zack would look back the sphere would turn invisible and close the distance between them. 

In a span of five minutes, the sphere was right behind him. This time when Zack turned back however, it's didn't turn invisible. Instead, the eye radiated a crimson red and revolved about its socket with lightning speed before shooting a highly charged bolt of electricity straight at him. 

"Threat neutralized. Escort the captain to his quarters and prepare diagnostic procedures." 

As Zack's body dropped lifelessly to the floor, the sphere radiated a light yet again but this time a harmonious blue. The light struck his body and expanded until every inch of the body was covered by the bluish rays and once again the eye began to revolve about its socket. This time however, it revolved at the same speed as a cement mixture while the its beam levitated the lifeless body off the floor and escorted it to the captain's quarters. 

The spherical object moved with ease around the the quarters acting not much different than a scanner, within moments the entirety of the room was scanned and converted into a log file for Zenith to decipher. Then, without any instruction it separated into a myriad of tiny cube like particles and hovered just inches above Zack's body. The particles created a sort of shadow above him before emitting highly concentrated beams of neon blue light. The beam allowed Zenith to see everything underneath the skin and at will, she could change the type of view. This one machine, if one could even call it that, administered all the diagnostic tests that hospitals ran, including an MRI. 

Even after all the trouble however, nothing was found. Infact the test results was so disturbing, Zenith conjured up five more orbs and had each one perform a multitude of tests. She went as far as to create a lockdown on the ship, energy consumption was no longer an issue as there were more pressing matters at hand. In fact, hours had passed before Zenith was satisfied with the results. Even after the rigorous testing nothing came up, not even a spike in blood sugar levels. Everything was perfectly normal, something alarming in itself. Zack was ascended physically to top of the food chain but his body still performed the regular functions, homeostasis still had to be maintained. 

The chance of each test coming up perfectly normal was next to impossible, especially counting the fact that Zack didn't have anything to eat the entire day. Even though his stomach was growling every now and then, even in his sedated state, the results didn't reflect any of that. The slight headache, the pain emanating from his back, the remnants of the electricity still surging through the body, nothing. All the facts pointed to a breach in security or Zenith's system itself but countless scans of security footage proved otherwise. With no viable options left, Zenith pulled all the brakes and as a last resort woke up the sedated captain. If objective evidence weren't presenting a case, maybe a subjective retelling might. 

The orbs merged together and surprisingly shrunk in size till they were a no bigger than a fingernail on one's pinky. The eye of the spherical object glowed once again but this time the beam couldn't be seen, everything else remained the same. The eye rotated about its socket incredibly fast just like before but this time, a tiny spark of electricity all that came out. It wasn't much bigger than the spark of static one sees when touching a doorknob after sliding on the carpet with socks. Although small, it did however pack a mighty punch. Zack nearly jolted awake, it was like a shot of adrenaline injected right to his heart. 

He could practically feel his heart beat, Zack's hands were trembling from the rush of energy. In layman's terms, Zack was wired. So hyper in fact that he wasn't able to speak coherently for a few minutes, his mouth was moving too fast for the words. "Z..Z...Zenith." 

"Yes Captain, how may I be of service?" 

"Where are the plasma torches?" 

"Captain, we haven't had plasma torches on the ship for over 8 centuries. How did you find out about them?" 

"What? We don't have plasma torches? Wait how do I know about plasma torches?" 

"Captain, are you sure you haven't been in contact with any specimen housed within the cells?" 

"No, no that's impossible. I locked them myself." 

"Captain, the cells have been locked for nearly a millenia." 

"What?" The ground was being pulled from his feet, Zack truly felt that he had in fact locked the containment cells mere moments ago. "Why do I feel like I just locked it?" 

"Captain Crymere?" 

"The fuck? Zenith, my name's Zack. I thought we were over this shit." 

"I apologize Captain but this is unprecedented. To confirm my theory would you please tell me the initial lock code you set when the containment cells were first built into the ship." 

"Alpha 209B." A moment later, Zack realized what was wrong. "Wait, how the fuck do I know that!?" 

"From my diagnostics, I believe you're recalling the knowledge previous captains. This is truly remarkable Captain, such a feat has never been accomplished." 

"Yea, uhh that's cool and all but can you kindly explain why I'm remembering all this shit? I mean how am I getting the memories of dead people?" 

"I've conducted a multitude of tests captain yet there was no signs of abnormalities, in fact the tests reported that you were in perfect condition. I suspected a malfunction in the system files but it seems from your report that they were correct." 

"How much energy was used for the tests? And did I get shot by something, I faintly remember walking through the hangar but I'm not sure if it was my memory or not." 

"That was an error on my part Captain, I apologize. Under initial observation, you displayed signs similar to when you were synthetically bonded to the escaped specimen. There was no room for alternatives therefore such an action had to be taken. I apologize for the act of aggression Captain." 

Zack managed to put himself in Zenith's position and almost immediately realized that he would've done the same, if not worse. After several moments of recuperation he felt strong enough to move about on his own, Zack grabbed a bottle of water just in case. Even though Zenith found no fault in the reports, he was still a bit hesitant to offer his support as well. It was hard to believe that he could ever be in perfect condition, not after spending the majority of his life scarfing down meds to get close to homeostasis. 
