 Author's Note: The following contains: Futanari, obscene penis sizes, cum inflation, and body modifications. There is also some horror to the story but it is not graphic. If any of these are not to your liking do not read on. As for the rest of you, enjoy.

*****

Victoria Frankenstein was almost over the moon with joy. Her colleagues had all laughed at her, for both her ancestry and her belief in what could be done with the ideas of her ancestors. Victor Frankenstein had attempted to create an artificial life form using various pieces of the dead to do so, but he had been a fool, he had created a monster, one that was lost to history and thought of as only a tale of horror. Victoria knew better. She had found her ancestor's personal library some time while visiting her great grandmother.

With his knowledge in her hand, she had set about completing his work. With modern science she was able to perfect many of the theories, experimenting with small creatures at first, and each with varying degrees of success. Now, however, she felt certain she had perfected every little detail. It had taken quite some time, and more than a few underhanded methods, but she had gathered everything she needed to create her own creature, one that would be the perfect sexual partner. She had sewn it together personally.

Now, as she gazed upon the gorgeous female form that lay before her, she couldn't help but feel a sort of maternal love for it. It was everything Victoria dreamed of being. The torso had been taken from a porn star, thankfully one that had no breast enhancement, as silicone would interrupt the flow of electricity needed to awaken the creature. Even without enhancement, the torso was fantastic, with large DD cups that sat proud on her chest, and a slim waist. Unfortunately, despite Victoria wishing to use both the torso and head, the girl was far from desirable without make-up on. As such Victoria had needed to search for a more fitting face.

She had found it in a small, unknown town. The girl was gorgeous, high cheekbones, full lips, long eyelashes and a clear complexion, though she lacked in every other department. Victoria had then searched for a lower half, finding the ideal match in a black woman's town. While it was definitely a stereotype that black women had large asses, it held true with this one. It personified the term 'bubble butt'. Fortunately, the woman also had gorgeous legs.

Victoria had kept the arms of the pornstar, as they were lightly toned and had no imperfections she could see. Though there was a problem with the usage of different people for it, that being the skin tone, something that Victoria had taken into account and was able to correct, making her creation a lightly tanned Caucasian. Then there was the brain, naturally she needed one that was full of sexual knowledge and lust. It had taken a while and almost a dozen different obituaries in newspapers, until she found it; a woman who had literally died from having too much sex. She was perfect.

Victoria had made her with that very word in mind: perfect. She, herself was not an imperfect being in the sense that she was incredibly smart, but as far as looks go, Victoria lagged behind greatly. That wasn't to say she was ugly, but place her next to a model and it was like placing an ant in front of a behemoth. Victoria had chin length, straight auburn hair, her lips were were average, maybe a little fuller than most, her eyes came off as bright, their sky blue irises overflowing with her intellect. Her body was fairly average; she had perky C cups for her breasts, her waist was fairly trim with only a little fat remaining, and butt was quite average, though a little perkier than most, due to her trying to balance her scientific endeavours with regularly exercise. Her creation on the other was far different.

And now, after all that time spent perfecting what had been merely touched upon over a century ago, Victoria was ready to bring her 'child' to life. In a sort of homage to her ancestor, Victoria had chosen a large cellar and modelled it into what most thought Victor Frankenstein's lair had looked like. Her creation lay on a table in the centre of the room, with Tesla coils surrounding her. Victor had used the elements, but Victoria was far from patient enough to wait for a lightning storm. With modern day science, she was certain it would work. Several feet from her creation, was a set of switches.

Victoria moved from her 'child' and stood beside the switches. She was about to pull one, when she considered making a speech as another homage to her ancestor, before quickly discarding the idea and instantly pulling the switch... and being shocked by enough electricity to take down a large dog.

"Wrong switch." She gasped, hair standing on end with the tips lightly singed. She reached over and pulled the other one, this time the Tesla coils came to life.

"And now for the last..." Before she could finish her sentence, she had reached out and flipped a third switch, once again being shocked.

"Oh, come on! Why do I even had those?" With a frustrated sigh, she pulled a fourth switch and watched as the process began. As her creature was filled with enough volts to kill a man several times over, Victoria watched as first the fingers began to twitch, then the arm, then the legs. As she began walking over to watch up close, she was treated to a sudden burst of electricity, visible currents shooting up to the brick ceiling and all around. As Victoria fell unconscious from the sheer amount of volts coursing through her, she thought of only one thing: I need to hire an assistant.

An undetermined amount of time later, Victoria woke. Everything was blurry, no doubt due to her deep sleep, but she could clearly see the shape that stood before her. She was awake in an instant, standing up so fast she felt light-headed, something that passed soon enough. When the world stopped spinning, she gazed in quiet awe at what she had created: While nothing had truly changed in the creature's appearance, its eyes held the distinct light of life. Victoria slowly raised her hand to her creation, taking care not to startle it. The creature lightly took hold of the proffered hand and shook it.

Victoria was almost jumping with joy. It was intelligent. She went on to give it simple puzzles that grew progressively harder, and was pleased to see it complete them as any functional human being would. Now to test its true purpose. Victoria led her creation to her room, a place where any goth would feel right at home, with it's dark walls, tinted windows to keep out light and various band posters. There she, without hesitation or shame stripped down, revealing her perky C cups, trim waist and slightly above average hips. She wore no underwear finding it more comfortable to go without most of the time.

The creature simply stared at its creator. Victoria knew it recognised her as such, but it had no reaction to seeing her naked, if anything it looked disinterested. Figuring that she needed to give it some urging, Victoria brought the creature's hand to her breast, having it knead the flesh. It felt so good, the pornstar's hands were smooth and felt right at home, however the creature still showed no interest whatsoever. Frustrated, Victoria decided to use some desperate measures.

The young genius of twenty three knelt down in front of her creation. It watched her with rapt attention, but still didn't show any signs of being excited. Victoria leaned in and began lapping at the creatures pussy, thinking that she was glad she had bathed the pieces used repeatedly. Even as she used every ounce of knowledge, which wasn't much since Victoria had practically cut herself off from the outside world upon discovering her ancestor's research, but even so the creature showed no response. Figuring it to be futile, Victoria stopped and sat on the bed.

"I'm gonna need to run some tests." The scientist said and led her 'child' back to the lab. There she ran every test that she could think of, even checking for STDs, but came up with only one conclusion; the reanimation process had left the creature without a sex drive. In small fit of anger, Victoria picked up a glass vial and threw it against a wall, yelling as she did so. The creature saw this and copied its 'parent' picking up a similar vial and launching it against the wall. Victoria couldn't resist a chuckle.

As the day came to an end, Victoria thought over all that happened. The reanimation had been a success, but not quite on the level she had hoped for. The creature definitely displayed intelligence, though it also appeared quite child-like, in that it was created with a only certain levels of knowledge, most likely common sense, while everything else was lost to it. Then there was the lack of any sex drive. Despite the brain being from a woman who had literally died from too much sex, death clearly took a great toll on it. With a yawn, Victoria decided to work on it tomorrow. The creature slept in the lab.

The next day, Victoria had awoken to a marvellous idea. The creature, while already most men's greatest desire, needed to become sex incarnate. In order to do that, she would enhance its body. Down in the lab, the creature was awake and looking at the wall, where a spider was making its web. When Victoria came down the stairs, it looked to her a smile spreading across its face. Victoria couldn't help but return the smile, thinking that this confirmed that the creature saw her as its technical mother. When she came to the table, Victoria began work immediately.

The creature watched closely. It didn't understand what its 'mother' was doing, but it was still fascinated by it. Victoria was mixing various chemicals, occasionally creating small puffs of pink smoke. After several minutes of work, she had finished.

"Alright, let's see if this'll help you out." She said to her creation, which sat on the table where it had come to life. Victoria held a vial of bright pink fluid, with streaks of purple mixed in, behind were a dozen other vials of the same fluid. Taking a syringe she filled it with the first vial's contents. The creature looked slightly nervous, fidgeting around as the needle came ever closer, but Victoria calmed it down, humming a lullaby her mother would use to calm her as a child. The creature still looked nervous, but it was still.

Victoria injected half her concoction into one breast, then the other. The creature felt no pain, or at least didn't show it. Victoria refilled the syringe repeatedly, until she had injected all the vials into her creation. The breasts had swollen due to the amount of fluid in them, but Victoria knew there was more to come. She reached out and began to massage the creature's breasts, hearing its breathing speed up slightly. As she massaged it, the fluid within began to be absorbed, altering the body. After she was certain all the liquid was absorbed, Victoria sat beside her creature and waited, watching closely.

Minutes passed by with Victoria constantly glancing at the clock on the wall. She was understandably impatient, especially she knew for a fact that the fluid took effect within two minutes, though that was on living humans not an reanimated combination of the dead. As ten minutes passed, Victoria assumed it to have been a dud, and would need to alter the concoction. As she was about to stand up, the creature let out gasp of pure sexuality. Victoria knew two things from this; one, the vocal chords still worked to some degree and sounded like angel's harp, and two, the fluid was taking effect. She turned and watched with rapt attention.

It was both fast and painstakingly slow. The creature's breasts began to grow before Victoria's eyes, gaining millimetres by the second, the nipples growing at a slower pace, but still keeping in proportion. The fluid was a special mix Victoria had created, using female hormones and a mix of drugs, some illegal but those that bought it didn't need to know that. The mixture, once injected into ones breasts, needed to massaged thus letting it absorb into the person's body, after a couple of minutes the breasts would begin to grow as naturally as one would during puberty, only sped up immensely. It was one of the key sources of income that had funded her experiments.

After a minute had passed, the creatures breasts had expanded to large E cups. Victoria knew there would be much more growth to come, since she had used easily five times the amount a flat chested woman would need to reach the same size. Knowing she would want to see the growth again, Victoria grabbed her video camera, something she had completely forgotten to set up last night in her excitement and began to record her creature's growth. A glance at it's face ruined her fun however.

Even as it was gasping in obvious pleasure, the creature looked as impassive as ever. Victoria shook the worry from her mind; it felt pleasure, so surely that would mean an eventual boost to its libido. After an unknown amount of minutes passed by, the growth stopped. The creature now sported a pair of completely natural looking K cups, the nipples easily as long as Victoria's thumb. This overjoyed Victoria, who had a fetish for unnaturally large breasts, but her joy quickly vanished upon seeing its face. There was no reaction, it looked happy, but there was no lust in its eyes. Curious, Victoria lightly groped one of the massive breasts; the creature let out a moan that would have any man hard. That was all however.

Throughout the day, Victoria tried all that she could. She showed the monster her impressive collection of porn, even the really perverted stuff she had imported from Japan. Nothing. She tried to excite it by dressing up in various fetish outfits. Nothing. She even went so far as to masturbate in front of it, still nothing. The last resort was putting the creature in a 69 position and seeing if being stimulated, and stimulating another in return would have any effect. Naturally, it didn't.

Victoria was at her wits end. The creature was gorgeous, yes, but it was pointless if it was only nice to look at. As she struggled to search for anything she might have missed, a porn DVD that would excite her 'child', she came across a lone DVD, one that displayed a woman with massive phallus on the cover. It was one of the few fetishes Victoria had yet to explore, but, as she gazed upon the cover, she felt herself grow moist over the thought of her creation sporting a massive dick, despite still having a vagina. She made sure to keep the creature in the lab so it wouldn't get out; she had errands to run.

In her towns morgue she searched tirelessly. The doctors left her to do what she wanted, even turning off the security cameras. Victoria was always thankful for easily swayed people, flash a grand or so and they would die for you. She went around lifting covers, her eyes falling on the genitals almost immediately. It was fruitless though, none of them had dicks that even came close to what she wanted. Her prayers were answered on the last one, who sported a penis easily six inches long despite being completely dead, with equally sized balls beneath it.

"I'll take that thank you." Victoria said and left with her prize. Back at the lab she sewed it onto her 'child', correction the skin tone and having the creature lay back. As before she pulled the switch, receiving an electric shock in return.

"Seriously?" She pulled the second one, seeing the Tesla coils come to life as before, and went to pull the third, before remembering what had happened before. She skipped it and pulled the fourth... and was once again shocked by it.

"Oh yeah... moved them around this morning." She muttered to herself, and pulled the third switch. Flashing back to what happened last time, Victoria quickly moved behind a spare table, flipping into its side to protect from the electrical discharge. She waited there for several seconds, but heard nothing. Curious, she peaked her head above the table top, only for the electrical currents to finally start up. She once again was knocked unconscious and cursing her lack of an assistant.

As before, an undetermined amount of time passed before Victoria woke up. She was wide awake the moment she saw her creature standing before her, with a rock hard erection that must've been at least eleven inches and as thick around as Victoria's wrist. The creature was gazing down at her with blatant lust on its face, a drop of pre-cum fell from its dick, landing on the floor and acting as a type of signal. Victoria was on her knees in an instant.

She was beyond horny at that moment. It was like her mind had been taken over by pure sexual need, as she begin to run her tongue along the fantastic length in near reverence, before reaching those balls, each as large tennis balls, and lathering those in her spit. The creature was confused by these sensations, the brain from the woman not having even the slightest idea of what it felt like to have a cock. When Victoria felt she might burst with need, she stopped worshipping her creation's dick and turned around on all fours, presenting her sopping wet pussy to it. The creature must have acquired a male's instincts as it evidently knew what to do.

It knelt down behind Victoria and lined its slick cock to its creator's needy snatch. With a small cry of pleasure from both of them, the creature sunk most of its length inside. Both could hardly believe it. Victoria had only a few past experiences with men, and only one with a woman, but they're dicks were puny in comparison, as her walls were spread around her own creation's magnificent cock. She could feel every vein and each delightful throb of its pleasure.

The creature simply grunted and gasped in pleasure. Despite only being 'alive' for two days it was experiencing pleasure no human could hope to feel, as the large balls would press against Victoria's body, only to be forced back to touch its own pussy. Like any virgin however, the creature couldn't last long. It hilted inside Victoria and let out an angelic cry as it released its first load of cum inside the woman who had brought it to life. Victoria also came, having been sexually frustrated since yesterday, but she was also disappointed when she felt cum pouring into her so soon.

It was an impressive amount though, she thought through her pleasure. She could feel it filling her womb even as so much of it leaked out around the cock that spread her so wide. The thought of getting pregnant entered her mind, but she threw it aside; she had morning after pills in her room. When the flow of cum finally stopped, Victoria's orgasm also fading as it did so, she felt her creature's cock slip from her pussy, letting the rest of the cum pour out. Victoria turned to lay on her back and look at her creature, or rather, her lover.

As she looked up from the now flaccid cock, she was dismayed to see its expression was back to total impassivity. Despite her mild annoyance, the orgasm and lingering feeling of cum in her cunt, combined with her tiring day, soon had Victoria asleep where she laid. Her dreams were full of her lover and the thoughts of all the sex they would have should she solve the problem. She awoke to the feeling of morning sun on her face.

She sat up in her bed, which surprised her. She was certain she had fallen asleep in the lab, a look to behind her showed how she had gotten there; her lover slept beneath her, its massive breasts acting as pillows for Victoria. The scientist looked between her thighs, seeing her lover's flaccid cock laying there. Grafting the penis on had given it sexual desire, in fact it had even exceeded her expectations in how powerful its desire had been. She simply needed to take it further.

Throughout the day, Victoria researched futanari, going to every promising website she could think of for inspiration on what to do. Most the time she had found images and stories featuring futanari with massive cocks, many exceeding two feet in length, and with balls as big as soft balls, many even bigger. There was some that were labelled hyper, with testicles that exceeded their own bodies in mass. The images soon had Victoria lusting after another fucking, but her lover had displayed no signs of lust.
