 Cynthia Finds A Lover

Cynthia Sotero's father had always been overprotective of her. Ever since she could remember, her father had kept a watchful eye over how she dressed. The caring man was overly concerned with whom Cynthia spoke to and whom she hung out with. At first, the young woman supposed that a lot of his worries had to do with the way her mother had run off with her father's best friend, while she was still in high school.

High school was an especially tough time for Cynthia, as she had all of these changing hormones and fascinations with boys. Her father was always there, cutting her off from communicating with the opposite sex and even prohibiting her from having a boyfriend when all the other girls had one.

Even though her body was filling out nicely, Cynthia's father insisted that she keep it covered up. Looking back on matters, she realized the truth of why he did this. What father in his right mind wouldn't be upset at seeing random perverts ogling her budding body wherever she went? She was a young lady now, her father would sometimes remind her. Young ladies did not walk around half-naked like some of the pop singers and celebrities she watched on TV.

Of course, Cynthia eventually rebelled. One afternoon after classes, the recently turned eighteen year-old had fooled around with one of the more handsome of the high school's football players. Imagine the poor girl's shock when she went to school the next day. All of the jocks were leering at Cynthia and commenting about her behind her back. Judging from the quantity of people spreading rumors, the poor girl imagined that the boy she'd messed around with had probably started bragging about his latest conquest right away. Probably as soon as he'd finished zipping his pants back up.

Cynthia was crushed. Everyone around her knew what she'd done; her classmates, her acquaintances, even a teacher's aide she barely spoke to. They all knew what had happened down to the minute details. Since she had very few close friends that she could confide to, she ended up breaking down and confessing her carnal sin to her father. The stern man was upset but forgiving. He embraced his daughter and held her for what seemed like an eternity.

"I will always be here to protect you." Her father swore, as he kissed Cynthia's forehead.

He tried to explain to his daughter that some boys would behave that way, and that as men they might be even worse. Incidents like that were why he always watched out for her, her father explained. For the first time, Cynthia really understood what he meant.

Her father ruffled her hair and sent her off to her room. "Besides, I don't think there's a boy on this planet worthy of my little princess."

Cynthia smiled at that statement. Her father's beaming face at that moment was one of the fondest memories she had left of him.

Shortly after she graduated from high school, Cynthia's father died in a car wreck. This happened one night while he was driving home from work. The young woman had been hired on as a cashier at a retail store by then. She really tried to brave through the loss for the next several weeks. This hadn't worked out very well. Abruptly, Cynthia would start crying whenever she saw someone who looked like her dad, or whenever one of his favorite songs filtered out over the store's loudspeakers. Her manager felt dearly for her, but the choice was made clear to Cynthia. She would either voluntarily resign from her position or she would soon be dismissed, because of the intolerable scenes she'd been causing in front of customers.

Cynthia resigned. As she continued to live in her father's house, she felt that she could sometimes sense him walking about the home, from the master bedroom over to the kitchen. Sometimes she even felt her father in the garage, where he used to tinker with his car on his days off.

Being a man of considerable forethought, Cynthia's father had gone to some lengths to ensure that his daughter would be taken care of in the case of some unexpected calamity. After the man's untimely death, his insurance policies paid off the mortgage of the home, as well as providing for funeral expenses. Through his will, the man passed all of his financial assets over to Cynthia. She wasn't exactly left with a ton of money, but if she budgeted herself competently, she knew she could make her inheritance last for a few years.

And then, Cynthia made the mistake of telling her mother how much money this was. To her surprise, the woman moved back into the state with her latest suitor in tow. After professing overwhelming anxiety for her daughter's health and welfare, her mother also bullied her way back into the house. Cynthia's mother took the master bedroom, of course. Within a week or two, she began hounding Cynthia for spending cash for her so-called expenses.

Cynthia gave her a small sum, only to watch her mother squander it within a few short days. Sure enough, the following week her mother was standing before her with her greedy hand held out and asking for more. Cynthia refused and fighting quickly started up between the two.

Cynthia never knew if her mother had initially plotted with her boyfriend to do this. Shortly after their arguments became an ongoing routine, her mother's boyfriend started making blatant sexual advances to her. The man had taken to walking into her bedroom with his shirt off for no good reason, or he'd place his hand on the nape of Cynthia's neck while she was preparing food in the kitchen. These actions made her feel uncomfortable at first. Eventually Cynthia began to feel so dirty that she had to take extra hot showers to make the creepy sensation go away.

Once, her mother's boyfriend even exposed himself to her, while she was in the backyard watering her small patch of flowers. Cynthia turned the water hose on him, but all he did was laugh and go back inside to change his clothes. The young woman was so distraught that she went into the only place the intrusive man hadn't infiltrated and soiled yet. That was her dad's garage. Cynthia was sitting in her father's old car, crying her eyes out. Just for a moment, she thought she could smell her father's favorite cologne in the air. Cynthia looked around, but she didn't see anybody else in the garage. Later, she dismissed the incident as being brought up by her anxious imagination.

Unexplainably, her mother's boyfriend woke up late into the night, screaming and cussing up a storm. The man stormed out of the house as if he'd seen the Devil and never came back.

Once Cynthia's mother had gotten over the shock the next morning, she began pointing the blame finger at her own daughter. It was Cynthia's fault that her boyfriend had run off, her mother proclaimed, because Cynthia had been making sexual advances at him. Cynthia, she claimed, had been doing so ever since her mother had moved back into the house. And then, of course, the issue came back to money. Who was going to keep them living in comfort, her mother asked. Who was going to pay the bills from now on?

Angrily, Cynthia retaliated by reminding her mother that her boyfriend hadn't paid for a single thing yet. Cynthia alone had been taking care of everything, as all of the checks for the utilities and everything else were being made out with Cynthia's signature on them. She called her mother a greedy sponge, only to get a sharp and humiliating slap across the face. Cynthia ran off to her bedroom, locking the door behind her. Again, she bawled her eyes out.

As she lay on her bed, still crying, she distinctively felt someone standing next to her. Cynthia turned around quickly, wondering if maybe her mother or her mother's boyfriend had somehow gotten into the room. She found that she was still alone. That feeling of being watched persisted. Cynthia sat up on the edge of the bed and tried to figure out where the odd sensation was coming from.

A moment later, Cynthia felt a presence stirring nearer to her. Although she was afraid, very afraid, she still thought it might have been some kind of trick her mother had come up with. Cynthia was unwilling and defiant to let her mother's cruel tactic bear fruition. She held her ground and remained firmly seated there, on the edge of her bed, even as the presence moved in closer. The ghost took a seat next to her.

It was a warm and comforting feeling that Cynthia got from this unseen phantom. Unexpectedly, the presence reached over and placed an arm around her shoulders, just as her father had sometimes done when he was still alive. Could this be some trick of her mother's, Cynthia wondered. Or was this really the ghost of her father, protecting her just as he said he always would?

"If you're my dad, then prove it." Cynthia challenged.

In reply, the ghost gently turned her head, and kissed Cynthia on the forehead.

Suddenly terrified, Cynthia ran out of the bedroom and out of the house, just as her mother's boyfriend had done before her. She was pacing back and forth across the front yard, with her arms crossed defensively against her chest. Her mother poked her head out the front door to ridicule her.

"Don't tell me you're seeing things now, too?" Her mother rolled her eyes, before she lit up a cigarette and went back inside. Referring to Cynthia and her newly absent boyfriend, she added, "I think you've both gone batty."

It had to be some kind of plan her mother and her mother's boyfriend had cooked up, Cynthia decided. They were trying to scare her out of the house, so they could have it all to themselves. Her mother was probably calling her boyfriend right at that moment, to tell him the plan was working. And here Cynthia was standing out in the yard, scared out of her wits.

Well, she wasn't going to be intimidated so easily, Cynthia thought to herself. With growing resolve, she marched back into her house and right into her bedroom. Again, she locked the door behind her. This time she made sure nobody was hiding in her room. There were no hidden electronic devices anywhere to make her see or hear things, as far as she could tell.

Cynthia was at a loss for words and thoughts. She was certain she'd find some kind of incriminating evidence in her room, because that was the only rational explanation that she could think of. Unless... unless the ghost of her father really was haunting the house.

"Dad, if you're in here, do something." She challenged.

On her nightstand, her father's picture fell over on its face.

Cynthia shuddered as she went over and scrutinized the picture. She checked it all around, looking for some kind of spring or device that might have knocked it over. She found none. On a hunch, she took the picture over to the dresser and cleared off a good portion of it's cluttered top with a sweep of her arm.

After setting the picture on the top center of the dresser, she retreated a few steps back and said, "Do that again."

The picture fell over on its face a second time.

Cynthia gasped. Right after this, she heard a sharp splinter of glass. The woman turned back to her nightstand, where the noise had come from. She discovered that the picture of her mother now had a web of cracks on it.

While Cynthia wasn't ready to admit that the spirit of her father was truly roaming around the house, she did acknowledge that something strange was going on. It was with some nervousness that she eventually went to bed, and much later fell asleep.

The next morning, Cynthia found her mother sitting at the kitchen table. The older woman had half a pot of coffee and a full mug sitting beside her. Apparently, her mother hadn't gotten much sleep either, because her eyes had deep bags under them. The woman lit up a cigarette, before she started complaining about having had nightmares.

"What kind of nightmares?" Cynthia asked, as she started up breakfast for herself.

Her mother laughed. "All kinds. I dreamt that the ghost of your father was trying to strangle me, for one."

"Oh." Cynthia said, hoping to hear more, but that was the extent of her mother's revelations.

That night, Cynthia slept soundly but her mother didn't. The same strange nightmares from the night before haunted her mother that night as well.

In the morning, Cynthia found her mother sprawled out and sleeping on the living room couch. The woman's hair was a mess. Several cigarette butts were sitting in the ashtray on the coffee table, along with yet another half-empty pot and full cup of coffee.

Cynthia went on with her business. As she felt ready to give another try to being employed, she went back to visit her old manager and asked for her old job back. The manager was dubious at first, but decided to give Cynthia a shot anyway, since good cashiers were always in high demand at the store. Adding to that, Cynthia had been a more or less model employee while she'd been working there.

Feeling good about herself after her interview, Cynthia splurged on the biggest hamburger meal on a fast food joint's menu. She only ended up eating about three quarters of it, and only about half the fries. As Cynthia was finishing up her lunch, she got a call on her phone. She recognized her home phone number on the phone's small screen.

"I'm leaving." Her mother's bitter voice said. "I can't take this place anymore. I've already packed up my things, and I'm going back to live with my boyfriend. I'd just like to get some money for a bus ticket."

"What happened?"

"Oh, it's these damned nightmares." Her mother revealed. "Every night I keep dreaming that your father's still in this house, and that he's trying to kill me. Call me a loon if you like, but I haven't slept well for three nights now. I'm pretty sick and tired of it. If I don't get out of here, I'm going to end up setting this place on fire."

Cynthia agreed to help. The next day she drove her mother to the bus depot and saw her off. Cynthia waved goodbye. Her mother merely looked back at her from the high window with something like undisguised regret. Regret, as if Cynthia was a big pile of money that her mother was voluntarily walking away from.

A small part of Cynthia was disappointed to see the woman go, as it meant she'd now be living alone with a ghost in the house. Her worries were in vain, however, as no new and supernatural events announced themselves. Once she started working steadily again, a lot of things returned to a normal routine.

It all changed, however, when Cynthia met a young man at work. His name was Kyle. He worked in the back of the store, where he inventoried merchandise and brought it out to the floor when the stock on the shelves was running low. Kyle simply asked Cynthia out and she agreed. They ended up having such a good time that they went out on several dates after that. Cynthia was really starting to like Kyle. One night after they'd been to the movies together, she didn't turn him away at the door but invited him inside. They made love, right there on the living room couch. Since Cynthia was starting to have fond feelings for this young man, she was looking forward to his next call.

But Kyle didn't call. Instead, he moved on and left the lovelorn Cynthia without so much as a wham, bam and thank you, ma'am. Poor Cynthia was reminded of the incident back in high school, when she'd been spurned in a similar, hurtful way.

Cynthia was very upset. Some would say her lamentations were so profound, that her disrupted state of mind caused the ghost of her father to recall a time when he was still alive. When the man had made a prophetic promise to his daughter, that he'd always be there to protect her.

Afterwards, like an invisible judge and jury, the ghost would carefully scrutinize each and every suitor that came to Cynthia's door. Unfortunately, in her desperate search for love, Cynthia was willing to try on all sorts of hats while looking for the perfect one. It became apparent, to the ghost at least, that Cynthia would never find what she was looking for, not unless she adjusted her line of thinking. The ghost decided to take on a more proactive role, to discourage his daughter's would-be lovers before they got the chance to tear another gouge into her already scarred and tender heart.

Some suitors the ghost frightened even before they crossed the threshold. The ghost embraced them with his cold arms and gave them such chills that they started spouting all over themselves. These young men made excuses about something or other, something important they'd forgotten to do earlier. They left and never came back.

A few were more insistent. There was the pervert who tried to install a battery operated, miniature camera inside the bathroom while he was pretending to use it. The next time this man came over, he again excused himself and went into the bathroom. His intention was to remove his tiny camera from the low shelf he'd concealed it under. The man was surprised to find the device gone. A moment later, he was startled when the toilet flushed of its own accord. The man flipped the toilet lid open just in time to see his expensive little toy spinning around in the water, before it disappearing into the plumbing forever.

Then came the most recent one. This was the bad boy who was all chivalry and smiles out in public. In private, the man was hateful and violent, and especially around Cynthia. His bad temper and mannerisms angered the ghost. This last suitor had pushed Cynthia around in the house. He called her hurtful names. Poor Cynthia had no way to defend herself against this kind of unruly monster. The ghost tried its usual tactics to get rid of him, but the bully was so self-absorbed that he failed to notice what was going on.

The final straw occurred early one night, when this scoundrel started punching Cynthia on the back and shoulders. The wounded young woman fled into her bedroom and locked the door. The man was about to kick the door open to continue his violence, when the ghost's fury finally took over. It was then that the phantom found out just how physical he could really become. The resentful ghost tackled the bully onto the floor. The ghost proceeded to give the thug a sound thrashing. It left the young man not only too terrified to ever return to the house, but with a good number of new bruises and wounds.

Inside her bedroom, Cynthia cowered against a back corner and listened as all of this took place. She heard her cruel lover crying out in pain, and begging for the ghost to stop striking him. Finally, Cynthia heard the man's heavy plods after he was allowed to get up. Her suitor quickly ran out of the house, and thankfully, he never tried to make contact with her again.

By this time, four lonely years had gone by since her father had passed away. There was a realization growing steadily inside of Cynthia. Perhaps the elusive perfect man she'd been looking for wasn't so far away from her after all. Perhaps he'd been around her all this time, situated right under the same roof that she was.

That night, Cynthia decided to model her sexiest lingerie in her full-length mirror. Right after that she started trying on her most provocative outfits. Surely her father would have reprimanded her for wearing such clothing, if he were still alive. Cynthia dressed up in sexy sundresses and tight blouses that gripped her full breasts like a second skin. She wore skirts that hiked up almost to her panties, and shorts that she could barely get her ample butt into.

The ghost, of course, was curious as to what was going on. He suspected that yet another suitor was on his way to the front door, and would have to be dealt with soon. The ghost was slightly confused when no date actually showed up, and equally baffled when the phone didn't even ring later. This was due to some unforeseen cancellation or whatnot, the ghost reasoned. Finally, he became extremely puzzled when Cynthia went to sleep alone that night, after no new suitor at all had shown up.
