 At first, eighteen year-old Jason hated the fact that his parents had forced him to leave his home in San Diego, California, and to move out with them to butt-fuck Egypt in Riverside County. Their destination was the crappy little town of Benton, CA, which had a whopping eighteen thousand residents to call its own. Literally, Benton was a stone's throw from arid lands and sparse chaparral that were only a few degrees away from being termed a full-blown desert. In fact, Jason could see the vast, empty, lifeless region, and the many mountain ranges that surrounded Benton from the high point where he stood.

Adjusting to a new high school hadn't gone well either, the young man considered. Jason dressed partly like a skateboarder and partly like a surfer, which didn't fit the menagerie of backward cliques at Benton High. They had their wannabe cowboys, their rich kids, their gang-bangers and their metal-heads, but nothing like the crowd Jason got along with the best back home.

In fact, he'd only made one real friend in the couple of months he'd been in Benton. That was big, fat Toby, who was one of the founders of the Benton Ghost Hunters Club. Much of Benton was haunted, Toby had intimated to him, and especially after Jason had mentioned exactly where he lived.

This would be the Grant House. Back in the late 1940s and throughout the 1950s, the Grant House had been a hangout for Hollywood celebrities looking for solitude, or who wanted to throw lavish parties away from the gawking crowds of the big city. The house was an hour and a half east of Los Angeles or two hours north of San Diego, and it sat all alone on top of a high, solitary hill. It was a lot like the houses of the rich and famous Jason sometimes saw on TV. In many cases it was even better.

The Grant House had three floors. The second and main floor was open and airy, bigger than a showroom at a car dealership and laden with fancy couches and nooks where ancient celebrities once hobnobbed and chatted and fooled around. Faux marble urns doubled as ash collectors for cigarettes and cigars, a wet bar took up twenty feet against one wall, and an entire wall of patio doors could be opened up to allow a person to step outside onto an immense sundeck. The third floor up had six bedrooms that could comfortably sleep two dozen people, more patio doors plus a grand ballroom and a patio as wide as the one on the main floor.

The bottom floor, which they called the basement, was originally designed as a bunker against nuclear bombs. Most of the basement was embedded into the ground. It had long, narrow windows that reached up to only about Jason's calves if he were walking outside, giving a false impression that it might be smaller than the two floors above it, but it wasn't. The basement was as spacious as the rest of the house, with a mini-theater that could seat sixteen, pool tables, dartboards, and a very modern video game room set aside with its own soundproof walls.

That's where he should have been right now, Jason thought, sitting in that game room and playing the latest video games. Especially since that new shooter game had come in the day before. New games and movies arrived every few weeks courtesy of the movie company that owned the Grant House. Jason had the privilege of opening up the packages and adding their contents to the shelves in the bottom floor, which contained at least a couple hundred movies and dozens of recently released video games.

Alas, Jason still had a few chores to do. At the moment, he was standing on the roof of the Grant House and wiping down the handrails that ran all around. The roof doubled as a terrace for stargazers, with its own tables and chairs set out to accommodate the late night crowd. Large umbrellas were present too, but the harsh sun had bleached their blue coloring and frayed their fabric. It was unlikely that the company would spring for the budget to replace the battered umbrellas with new ones.

Jason slid his damp rag along the handrail, which was mounted on top of a four-foot high stucco wall. The rag was getting filthy, he noticed, prompting him to step over to the water bucket he'd lugged up there with him. He doused the rag before going back to his chore, while at the same time scanning the landscape around the Grant House.

To the north was the two-bedroom guesthouse he and his parents lived in. They didn't have to pay any rent since his dad was the official caretaker of the Grant House, which was a huge blessing when considering the high rent they used to pay in San Diego. Past the guesthouse lay fifteen acres of private parkland with fountains, ponds, a good volume of mature shade trees and a reported four hundred rose bushes. To the east lay a deep ravine, and further away more rolling hills like the one the house sat on. To the south and immediately below him was the third floor patio and balcony, which made Jason frown because he still had to wipe down the handrails down there too. Further south he could see the irritatingly small town of Benton, with its compact spread and mediocre splendor.

Mentally, Jason went over what he'd done already. He'd checked all the bathrooms to make sure they were stocked and functional. He had also swept the stairs from the bottom level up to the roof, wiped down all the door handles and cleaned up the dustiest windows. Almost done, he thought, as he finished up with the handrail, got his supplies together, and walked over to the little tollbooth-type structure that allowed access to the stairs and the inside of the house.

It wasn't so bad, he thought. The kids at school, well, the handful of kids he was acquainted with anyway, were always asking him if he'd seen or heard anything unusual in the Grant House. The place was rumored to be one of the most haunted places in town, they told Jason, with all manner of untimely deaths and spooky happenings reported there. So far, Jason hadn't witnessed anything out of the ordinary. He kept his fingers crossed that things would stay that way.

Still, it made Jason a sort of celebrity, with many people in awe of him for being bold enough to live on the property. A few of his fellow students even crossed themselves or cringed whenever he strode by them at school. It was funny enough that Jason would at times stand still and stare at some of the more superstitious of the bunch, which caused them to nervously leave the vicinity right away. He and his one buddy Toby would have a good laugh over that later.

Having reached the third floor, Jason propped open one set of patio doors. This was to let fresh air in as his father had instructed him to. The teen carried his bucket out with him. He should have emptied it and filled it with clean water, but he was feeling too lazy by then. After dousing and wringing his dirty rag, he started wiping off the long handrail that went around the entire balcony. Jason glanced over the edge, where he saw a large swimming pool and a covered sauna built for seven. As the teen worked, he recalled the calamity that had taken place only a few days before.

Thinking that his parents wouldn't be home until late, Jason had walked his girlfriend Patricia over to show off the Grant House to her. He'd been boasting about how he was an official caretaker there, and how his family hosted Hollywood executives or well-known celebrities on frequent occasions. Patricia was all doe-eyed and in awe of the home's extravagant grandeur, as Jason had showed her one extra large room after another. At the end of it, Jason suggested they have a dip in the sauna. Patricia agreed, but since she hadn't brought over any swimming clothes, she made Jason turn his back while she undressed and stepped into the water.

Jason really liked Patricia, who was as feisty and adamant as his mother was. When it was his turn to undress, he also asked Patricia not to look. No, she said. She wanted to see him take off his clothes. Jason felt himself blushing, but he went ahead and did it. He had just gotten in the water and started to relax when a guard from the security company showed up.

In his eagerness to impress Patricia, Jason had turned off all the interior alarms, but not the one for the patio doors. The moment he saw the uniformed man walking around the corner of the house, he knew he was royally screwed. Not only did the guard have to take down a report but he went ahead and called Jason's dad. Of course, his dad rushed over to see what was going on. The guard refused to even let the teens exit the sauna, since he was new on the job and didn't know who Jason was. This was in case they were random trespassers who had broken into the house and somehow damaged it. With his head hanging low and with Patricia thoroughly embarrassed and sitting next to him, Jason waited for an epic lambasting to land on him.

His father Brian had a tirade, which Jason had expected. What the humbled teenager hadn't foreseen was how his mother Vivian would find the entire scene hilarious. Vivian laughed the entire way to the guesthouse, where she picked up a couple of beach towels for the teens to use. She was still laughing all the way back. That part Jason had expected not at all. But then again, his mother was always so carefree and good-natured when compared to his more reserved father.

Jason was further surprised when Patricia said still wanted to see him after all that mess. She hadn't blamed Jason at all for being so stupid as to have forgotten to turn off all the alarms instead of just a few of them. In fact, Patricia had seen the entire incident as risky and like his mother, as exciting and fun.

Coming back to the present, Jason grimaced when he saw a slop of bird shit on the handrail and on part of the stucco wall below it. The teen hoped it would come off with just the rag he was using. If he had to go back into the supply room for a brush and a powder detergent, he was going to recommend that his dad buy him an air gun, so he could get rid of those pesky pigeons once and for all.

The teen happened to glance over the edge of the balcony and to the extra wide sundeck on the main floor below. It had tables and chairs, and large, fancy umbrellas in much better condition than the ones on the roof. It also had lavish pool chairs that could be propped up for reading or laid out flat for sunbathing.

Jason's mother was lying on one of those chairs. Beside her on the floor were a book, her sunglasses and the straw hat she'd picked up at the local swap meet a few weeks before. His mother was Hispanic with nicely bronzed skin. The teen guessed that he could admit this to himself; his mother kept her figure in pretty good shape.

Back when they'd lived in San Diego, Vivian would love taking jaunts to Balboa Park in skimpy sundresses, or walk the beaches in her bikinis with colorful wraps around her waist. Even when they'd first moved onto the property, Vivian wore those same bikinis while tanning outdoors.

It wasn't until an older, well-known fashion model had spent a few days at the Grant House that things had changed. The model's reasoning was that since nobody could see them anyway because the house was so secluded, they should go ahead and get tans all over instead of leaving all those ugly tan lines behind.

Jason had come home from school one day, absently making his way through the Grant House in the hopes of asking his mother if she'd made anything to eat. Around that time of the day she had her own chores to take care of, such as stocking and keeping the kitchen in order.

On that day, Jason had witnessed both the mature fashion model and his mother sunbathing nude on the sundeck. He'd been so shocked that he tiptoed back out and quietly made his way over to the guesthouse, where he fixed himself a sandwich. He tried to visualize the nude supermodel later, but the image of his naked mother lying next to her kept invading his mental picture. In the end, Jason had pushed the entire voyeuristic incident to the back of his mind.

On this day, Jason glanced back through the patio doors and into the ballroom beyond. There were no guests staying in the house that week. His father would still be at work for a few more hours. This time, nobody was around to catch Jason if he decided he wanted to spy on his mother. The question was, did he really want to?

If he had a choice, of course Jason would have chosen the fashion model. The teen scolded his self for not having had the presence of mind to linger further on that previous day. He could have made his way up to the next floor and peered over the balcony like he was doing now. Then, if he could focus on the model and ignore his mother lying beside her, the excited teen could have rubbed one out in the model's honor.

Guardedly, Jason glanced down at his mother's form. Vivian was lying on her stomach. It didn't look as if she'd moved at all. Her two-piece bikini was sitting on the sundeck where she'd left it. His mother was fully naked to his eyes.

"Shit, mom." Jason mumbled, as he took in her graceful, curvy form.

Vivian had her head turned to one side, resting her cheek on her hands. Her arms and shoulders were slender but toned. Her spine clearly defined her back. Her waist drew in slightly, before the broad flare of her hips began.

"I can't do this." Jason turned away. He felt a growing bulge pressing against his shorts. "I should stop wiping this stupid handrail. I should get my ass out of here and pretend I didn't see any of this."

Jason tried to convince himself to leave, but he found that he couldn't. Previously, Patricia had sent him selfie pictures of her standing in front of her bathroom mirror, with and without a bra on. He couldn't help but stare at Patricia's nice C-cup breasts in those images. Now faced with a similar state of erotic enthusiasm, Jason couldn't help but peek over the rail again.

His mother hadn't moved, and so he stared. His eyes scanned her tanned legs, her thighs and her butt, all of which were thicker than her slim physique warranted. Her butt was plump and her butt-cheeks were still perky even though she was in her late thirties.

Jason wondered what it would be like to fuck her. He wondered this even though it was his own mother he was thinking about, and not some girl from school like Patricia. He could imagine it, right? That wasn't the same thing as actually doing it.

His phone was in his pocket, Jason remembered. Quickly and quietly, he fished it out and set it to take pictures. He clicked one, two, three shots of his mother in all her naked glory. His plan was to look them up later when he was alone in his room. Jason would masturbate to them, the same way he masturbated to Patricia's pictures. He would rub one out while thinking of his mother. The same way he'd masturbated to pictures of that older super-model, once he'd searched for her on his computer and found dozens of revealing images of her. Excitedly, Jason wondered if he could get away with jerking off right there on the balcony, while staring at his mother's tempting backside.

"I'm going to hell for this." Jason mumbled, as he set his phone on the narrow ledge of the handrail. He started to undo the front of his shorts. "No doubt about it."

Jason shoved his shorts down, and his briefs soon followed them. He felt his body flush with lust, as he gripped his hard cock and glanced over the rail again. Below him, his mother Vivian was entirely oblivious to what was taken place some fifteen feet above her head.

Jason's gaze flowed down from her shoulders to her calves, before it centered on her fat butt. The teen imagined her getting up on her hands and knees and him sidling up behind her, pushing into her and causing her to squirm from the entry of his rock-hard manhood. Jason assumed that her pussy would be as firm as the rest of her body. He envisioned bucking back and forth, while Vivian uttered those sounds of love that only his father was privy to hearing come from her.

"Oh, mom." He groaned softly, as he started stroking his cock with the image of his mother's butt firmly implanted in his memory.

Jason wasn't slow or passionate; he was much too young and too inexperienced for such sexual nuances. Instead, the teen pumped his shaft with all his might, grunting with want and a rush of adrenalin, caused both by what he was doing and what was running through his head. He looked behind him, already knowing that nobody was there but wanting to reassure himself just the same.

Jason murmured, "Oh, shit, mom. Your pussy feels so good. I want to fuck you so bad right now."

Jason's eyes leered on his mother's ass. He was half hoping that she'd turn around so he could see the rest of her. He also dreaded this, as all Vivian had to do was look up to see him standing there beating off. Jason would simply have to imagine her turning around. His mother would roll over on her back and spread her legs for him. He'd jump on her the same as before. Jason could just imagine seeing her tits and the look on her face as he shoved his cock into her, over and over again. Only moments later, he felt his lower body tighten up.

"Oh, yes, mom. Oh, yes, oh, yes."

Jason shuddered and gasped, right before his cock exploded and crowded his fingers with pearly white sap. The teen groaned as he kept stoking his shaft, ejaculating more and more of his semen out of him until it dripped through his hand and began spilling onto the balcony floor.

"Oh, yes, mom." He said, panting slightly as he took in the goo he'd spilled out all over the place. He chuckled anxiously. "Oh, shit. I'd better clean all this crap up before it stains the floor or something."

Jason wiped his hand off with the rag he'd been using, but he was hesitant to put the filthy thing on his cock. Absently, he reached out to the ledge to grab his phone. That's when he did what was possibly the stupidest thing he could have ever done. His extended fingers tipped his phone further out. In horror, he saw it tumble over the edge.

"No!" He blurted out, as he glanced over the rail.

As if teasing him in slow motion, the phone seemed to magically slow its descent to the sundeck below. However, the sharp crack it made as it struck the deck was definitely in real-time.

Jason pulled back, just in time to hear his mother's sudden yelp. The teen did the first thing he could think of; he stuffed his cock into his shorts and ran the hell away from the balcony. Not only that, but he galloped his way down the wide stairs in the hopes of making a hasty exit all the way out of the house and back to his room in the guesthouse.

By this time, Vivian had wrapped her bottom half in her translucent wrap. She'd gotten up and gone over to peer into the lobby. Of course, she spotted her son fleeing down the stairs because he was stomping all the way down.

"Jason, is that you?" Vivian called out warily, only to watch him darting off into the kitchen. "Jason, I'm talking to you! Jason!"

Paying her no heed, the young man scurried through the large and lavish kitchen. Jason took the side door to exit the house, which was normally used to for deliveries. He thought he heard his mother's voice, but he kept hoping that was his imagination. Either way, he didn't stop for anything.

"Jason!" Vivian shouted one last time, before she frowned and went to put her bikini on again.

When she was done, she glanced down at the object that had startled her with its loud crash. At first, she thought someone had thrown something at her, but no, it was Jason's cell phone. Its screen was fully cracked now; the device was obviously broken. Her husband Brian was going to be very upset when he found out, as Jason hadn't had the phone for all that long and already he'd destroyed it.

Next, Vivian looked up at the second floor balcony. Jason had been up there, but what he'd been doing up there was a mystery. Purposefully, the pretty woman strode through the immense lobby and up the stairs to find out. Once she stood on the balcony, Vivian found his water bucket and the dirty rag he'd been using. Then she saw the spunk both on the cleaning rag and on the floor.
