 "Wars, regardless of whether you win or lose," they say, "Bring misfortune to both sides that are involved". The conflict that rages between The Kingdom of Ysindor and The Kingdom of Ghortan for more than ten years now, is no exception. On the battlefield, after each battle, there drops an eerie silence, every time, without fail, broken only by the cawing of the crows that eat the bodies of the fallen. The sadness of loss hangs heavy in the air.


Suddenly, these crows fly away and scatter caused by the urgency and galloping hooves of a passing horse and rider. A messenger who rides upon his strong, sleek, back at full speed towards the castle of Ysindor, bringing ill news from the front: Lady Serpentina, one of the four Generals, loyal servants of the King, fell during the last fight. Although she was the youngest of four (she had just turned 37 years old), her strength and her loyalty to the King were undisputed. As is the terror that her figure could invoke, half woman and half snake strikes terror in that of her enemy who dare to cross her weapon. 


She has a spear axe and large axe protecting her. But undoubtedly, her most formidable weapon is her tail covered by scarlet scales. Anyone who was unfortunate enough to come in between its coils was at her mercy and rarely survived its grasp, or at least, unless she allowed it and showed mercy.


The news of the death of a warrior such as she, shook the hearts of all those present in the throne room, on one hand they were all relieved to know that the King was safe but learning about the death of one of the four generals of the kingdom, was a clear confirmation of the strength of the army of Ghortan and a clear explanation why it is so feared on the battlefield. 


But the one who was really shocked by this news, was the Princess Kyla who has always been closely linked to the general, despite the age difference. The two girls had created between them a strong friendship that recently had become something deeper, something special.

The Princess locked herself in her room to cry and grieve for several days. Attempts by the Queen, her mother, to comfort her, were of little use.

In the heart of the young Princess, a wound and chasm had opened too deep, too wide and even maternal love could not heal it. No one could fill that void that gripped her heart, that deep feeling of emptiness and loss. Seeing her daughter so broken hearted made the Queen feel helpless and sad. She so wished, she could do something to help.

A week passed and the situation had improved only in part. Kyla now no longer remained locked in her room, but her eyes were bleak and empty and her thoughts always turned to her deceased friend and confidante.


It was clear for all to see that the link between them had become very deep, perhaps too much so, looking at their social position and not to mention the fact that they were both women.

Not that such a thing was weird (after all even the King had engaged in "intimate" meeting with some elected young people in the past), the problem was in the fact that everyone expected Kyla to produce worthy descendants of the royal family. The family were historically important and had earned respect over the centuries with their wisdom and kindness for each subject who lived within the realm of Ysindor. It was important to keep the bloodline running in future generations.

The Queen consulted the court doctors, soothsayers, anyone who could offer her advice and an effective way to help her daughter, but none of them were able to do anything, at least until that day that loomed in the not too distant future.

Every month, at the gates of the castle, merchants gathered around all the Kingdom, some sold weapons and armour, others, horses perfect for a king and, there were magicians and soothsayers seeking powerful lords who might need their services.

It was walking through the various shops that a faint hope was opened in Kyla's heart: a minstrel narrated a story about a witch with great powers, able to do anything, even to resurrect the dead! 
It was these last words that kept replaying in the Princess's mind, so she asked the minstrel to follow her to the court, where it was her desire to learn as much as possible about the witch.

The minstrel told her every detail he knew about the witch and all he had heard in the various cities he had visited: her more or less noble deeds, her powers, but the most interesting thing was where she could be found.

It was after hearing all these stories, that Kyla took courage and made the decision to go in search of the witch with the only aim to revive her beloved Lady Serpentina, the only one that showed her affection, not for her rank or royalty, but as a normal red blooded girl.

In the days that followed, she planned her trip meticulously, everything needed, such as, herbal medicines, food and of course a weapon to defend herself. She studied the regions and terrain she was to travel and the type of dangers she might encounter along the way. 

Of course, she acquired some most suitable clothes for the long journey she would have to endure, the luxurious clothes she usually wore would be uncomfortable to face such rough terrain. She prepared everything she might need in secret. Then the night came for her to leave, the first without a clear moon. The night she had decided to secretly take her leave in search of the Witch. She leaves the castle alone to begin her long journey that would take her away from her usual comfortable and protected world.

The journey was arduous and much longer than she expected and more than once she had reached the point of losing all hope, but then, at these low times she would think of her Lady Serpentina and a new determined strength would invade her weary bones to step forward once again and continue on her way.

Eventually and suddenly her journey to seek the Witch was over, she finally found herself in front of the cave. The Cave, she was looking for, the only one who can bring back her beloved Serpentina! 
She approached the entrance of the cave with caution, when she heard a voice from inside.

"Come in Princess, I've been waiting ...."

Those words unnerved her, "Is it possible that the witch was even able to predict the future? Or maybe it was just a trap to be able to capture her and to blackmail the King, her father, to surrender to the reign of Ghortan?

Instinctively, her hand clasped the hilt of her sword, ready to draw it to the smallest sign of danger. She walked into the cave when, just after few steps, a fire lit up the inside, allowing her to see a figure beyond the flickering flames. This figure was sitting cross-legged, a dark elf with long hair bleached by the inexorable passage of time. He watched her and appeared friendly enough.

"I know why you're here, Princess, you wish to bring life back to a person close to you. But you must know that this is an impossible task! "

Those words, froze the blood of Kyla, if a revived Lady Serpentina wasn't possible, what was the purpose of her journey and facing the dangers she had encountered along it!? She felt her eyes filling with tears, but she wouldn't give up after all she had done, all she had gone through.

"There must be a way, I'm willing to do anything, anything to bring her back to me!"

The Witch looked into the eyes of the Princess for a long moment, then continued. He saw the sincerity there.

"There is a way to do it, Princess, but I can't guarantee that you will be able to save this person .... There is a great risk to yourself. Are you still willing to take that risk, to take that chance?"

"Of course I do!" Kyla replied without hesitation, "She is the only one that is really important to me!"

"I understand, you're young Princess, and you have a strong will! I can make you travel back in time with my magic, but to save the one you love, will depend entirely upon you! Are you sure you want to try? "

"I'm ready to take the risk, I know that I have to try, that it is not an option to fail! I can't fail, I just can't"

"So be it, with my magic you will go back in time, before the death of your loved one, but the rest will depend only on you!"

The Elf stands up and walks to a corner of the cave, towards a large stone, as big as a man. He gestures for Kyla to follow. He waves his arm and hand with purpose and the stone magically vanishes. The disappearance of the stone reveals a passage, lit by torches that light up as they advance in to the tunnel. At the bottom of it is a large room, carved out of the rock itself, the walls are covered with endless shelves of encyclopaedias and scrolls of every type and age. Kyla was fascinated, even in the library of the castle there wasn't a comparable number of such books and literature!

The Elf nods to Kyla to move to the centre of the room and stand still. He begins, what seems like a litany, small hand gestures accompany his words, whilst on the ground, a design begins to shape and form. It slowly expands, surrounding Kyla which, despite trying to remain calm, she begins to be frightened by these strange events. When the design is complete, the light that forms around it becomes more intense, until it is almost unbearable and dazzling. Kyla has the impression of floating in the air, as if something is lifting her off the ground. She hears the voice of the Elf.

"Princess, it all depends on your will now, but remember! The outcome of your mission is uncertain! Your fate is in your own hands now."

Then, nothing. When she recovers consciousness, she is alone in the dark. The odour that surrounds her, is the same that she had smelt in the room where the spell was performed. She waited for her vision to get used to the darkness, then tries to reach the passage that would give her a way out into the daylight. 
To her surprise, she found herself in front of the witch sitting in the same place where she had seen her when she arrived at the cave. The Elf looked at the young girl: the white and smooth skin clearly means that she came from a prosperous family and further confirmation of it were her well groomed ashen hair and hands.

"Who are you, young girl? And why are you here?" she asks after a few minutes.

Kyla was surprised by the question and hesitated to respond, then she replies with an ostentatious confidence, she was far from feeling, but was befitting to her princess rank status.

"I'm Princess Kyla, daughter of the King of Ysindor. You should have helped me travel back in time, but I see that you just want to yell at me."

"I do not know you, girl. This is the first time we meet, but if what you say is true, then know, that you are now in, what for you is, the past!"

The past? All seemed the same to Kyla! Then, suddenly, it came back to her mind the words of the Elf on her arrival "Come Princess, I've been waiting for you!" and she realized then that he had been referring precisely to this meeting.

"So I'm really back in the past, I'm not dreaming!"

"No, Princess, for you this is the past, for me this is the present."

"I'm grateful, Witch, you have kept your promise and I had my doubts of you! How can I repay you?"

"It is not necessary. Now go, follow your destiny!"

Kyla nods and leaves the cave and begins to descend from the mountain: the journey that lay ahead was much longer than the one she had already done because now she must to reach the camp of the Ysindor's army as quickly as possible.




Time flew fast, but she reached the camp the night before the battle. The fires were lit in the army's camp and some soldiers were preparing their weapons and armour, whilst others prayed for the upcoming battle, hoping to appease the Gods for victory or, at least, to return alive from the clash. 
Kyla covered her face with the cloak to prevent anyone recognizing her and approached the tent occupied by Lady Serpentina. Although she knew the layout of the camp, as she made her way between the soldiers, some stopped her looking for some fun, mistaking her for a servant girl. She managed to avoid their carnal interest, claiming to be an important messenger.

Soon she was in front of the tent and saw the silhouette of her beloved. She was relieved to see her alive, but at the same time she was at a loss of how she could convince her not to take part in the upcoming battle. She started to approach the tent when a sentry stopped her roughly.

This is no place for a handmaid. Get out!"

"I was sent from the castle to deliver a message to the General, I received orders to deliver to her only!"

The soldier seem hesitant, then disappeared into the tent. She waited patiently for him to return. He did shortly. He announces her entry to the person inside and allows her to enter. The sentry then returned to his guard duty. Kyla enters and when she sees the General, she feels her heart pounding and her mouth getting dry. Serpentina was in front of her, beautiful as always: the scales of her tail glowed scarlet in the light of the braziers and her black hair was still wet, a clear sign that she had just had a bath. Kyla could not help but notice that the thin vest she wore was wet and revealed distinctly, the hardened nipples and the large areolas that surrounded them.

"So, what is the message you have for me, Princess Kyla?" Serpentina says with an authoritative tone and with a gloomy expression to the face.

"How did you know it was me, Serpentina?"

"You can fool other humans, but you can't fool my sense of smell. Why are you here? It's too dangerous for you!"

Serpentina moved closer to her with a solemn and almost threatening movement. This was the first time that the presence of Serpentina was so oppressive, almost threatening, but Kyla had come there with a very an important purpose and was not about to be intimidated. She took a deep breath and began to speak.

"I came to ask you not to fight on the side of my father tomorrow, believe me or not, but know that tomorrow you will die and I don't want lose you!"

"You, you ask me to betray the trust of the King your father? Maybe you're out of your mind, Kyla!" she said in a menacing tone, towering over her "And what is the story of my death?"

"I know it's hard to believe, but I know what will happen because I've lived it, my heart has already suffered for having lost you once."

She looks up and steps closer to her beloved Serpentina, but Serpentina moves away, turning her back to Kyla. Kyla realized that actually her story did seem incredulous and unbelievable. Even she would find it hard to believe, if she hadn't lived it already. How could Serpentina believe such a claim! She knew that this would be hard to explain, but how was she to convince her friend that, it was the truth, it was the reality. Then she suddenly remembered the object she had taken with her.

"Serpentina, the pendant that I gave you when you left for the front, you have it always with you?"

"It's always around my neck, it matters to me, you know this," she said turning to Kyla and showing the pendant. Kyla opened her hand and she saw an identical one lying there, the same shape, the same colours and the same image inside it. How was it possible! Kyla was telling the truth! Doubt crept into her mind.


Kyla approached her and held her face in her hands, staring into her eyes

"I could never lie to you, my love."

Her lips came to close to Serpentina's, then leaning in, their lips meet in a sweet and intense kiss that grew into a voluptuous dance of their greedy tongues, a clear omen of things to come from them recently.

She narrowed her eyes while Serpentina's hands undid and dropped Kyla's cloak to the ground, followed by the belt with the sword that adorned Kyla's waist.

Despite being equipped with a force out of the ordinary, in these situations the hands of Serpentina knew how to be so delicate and how to give intense pleasure with each stroke, with each caress. Only Kyla knew this gentle and feminine side of her!

Inexorably, the clothes of Kyla fell to the ground one after the other, revealing her white skin in all its splendour, made even more beautiful by the dim light of the braziers that light up the tent. 
She felt Serpentina's fingers run all over on her skin, following the shape of her body. They move slowly, causing intense and pleasurable shivers that reached even the most hidden corners of her soul.

Instinctively, she embraces Serpentina with all her might, as if to make sure that the one in front of her wasn't an illusion. She wanted to exorcise the fear that accompanied her throughout the journey and finally beginning to succeed. She felt Serpentina's hair scroll between her fingers, her skin through the light vest she was wearing, that soon dropped dissolving the knots that held it on Serpentina's shoulders, revealing her firm and shapely breasts. A hand slipped on it, stroking it gently as her lips moved on Serpentina's neck, and then follows the line towards the round and wholesome breasts.

Serpentina was surprised by Kyla's initiative, usually, she is much more shy, more awkward and hesitant, but now it seemed she was another person, she's passionate, resourceful , bold, a beautiful mistress! Serpentina felt the pleasure growing inside her at every kiss, every touch of those thin but full lips on her breasts, on her erect nipples and now the way Kyla suckled her between her lips, sucking lightly, no one could do it like Kyla!

She feels Kyla's tongue moving down to her belly, slowly, and this heightened her pleasure at every moment, contrary to what people might think seeing her on the battlefield, or in her everyday life, Serpentina loved to be pampered in intimate moments and Kyla knew it instinctively.

Seeing the pleasure sculpt into the face of her beloved Serpentina and hearing her breath getting heavy and starting to pant, Kyla also feels an intense pleasure running through her body and she feels the first flushes of excitement between her thighs. She is visibly excited and cannot hide it!

She gently grazes her labia against Serpentina, they are swollen and wet! At that thought, her face flushes. Now she is with the person she loves, but she is still a princess, of royal blood and educated. She wonders what her tutors would think, seeing the Princess of Ysindor getting lost in "lowly desires of the flesh" as the most common of the girls do! At this thought, she could not suppress a smile.

She looked at the face of Serpentina, although she could not see hers, she is sure that they have the same expression, the one of two girls in love who just want to give and receive love and pleasure that only the hands and mouth of a loved one can give.

She feels the arms of Serpentina wrap around her head and tighten a little. Bringing in her face to rest on Serpentina's belly. She closes her eyes and remains silent, she listens to the beat of their hearts, now beating as one.

The heat that Serpentina is transmitting to her with her body, repays her for all the hardships and dangers she had to overcome. She's happy and content in her arms and it's all she wants now. Serpentina takes Kyla's hand and guides her toward a large carpet covered with pillows. She lays her down on top of them and lays down beside her, letting her tail creep slow between Kyla's legs while her tongue play with Kyla's nipples, now swollen.

Slowly, she wrap Kyla's legs in its grip, opening them wide and immobilizing them completely, to the point that Kyla is now at her complete mercy.

The continuous movement of her tail, though subtle, make her scales rub constantly on Kyla's excited pussy, already visibly swollen and wet, giving her a pleasure that she could not resist, as if they are a multitude of tongues that greedily seek & find that delicious nectar being constantly produced in her excited state of arousal. Kyle tries in vain to hold back her moans of desire, growing louder until her whole body is clouded by a strong and liberating orgasm which gives vent to all the desire and passion that lurks in her body.
