 Mindblind came to, feeling rain on his face and grass beneath his back. With a great deal of effort, he managed to open his eyes and sit up. His vision swam, and he could feel the knots beneath his hair when he reflexively rubbed his head. A glance up revealed the reason for his current location.

By some twist of fate, when the slaver had knocked him out, he'd fallen through the large double window upstairs. It swung open in the wind, illuminated by fitful light from the lanterns inside. From there, he must have bounced off the roof of the back room of the brothel, to the ground below. The back door stood open as well, banging against the frame.

He had no idea how long he'd been out, but he couldn't hear any sounds of struggle from within the brothel. With his senses returning, he managed to stand, feeling mud slithering down his back and buttocks. By the time he reached the back door, he was walking steadily, although he had a pounding headache.

A few groans were the only sounds he could hear as he passed through the dimly lit storage room into the brothel. The scene was much as he remembered it, with the guards lying dead. The slaver he'd knocked through the railing sprawled lifeless on a decorative table. The Madame was unconscious behind her counter, though she was moving a little and groaned as Cerebus walked past. He couldn't see any bruises or blood, and assumed that she'd fainted.

He climbed the stairs, his eyes focused on the door to Delly's room, which still stood open. It quite nearly cost him his life, because two doors down from her room, a woman popped out with a dagger in hand.

She pulled her stab, missing him as he put up his arms in a weak defense. "You're not one of them," she guessed.

Still wary, he answered, "No."

The woman had coal-dark hair, cut short, and wore only a long shirt that barely reached her upper thighs. The garment was soaked through, probably from the rain, and did little to hide her small breasts, which were still quite substantial for her petite frame.

Even as he evaluated her, her eyes took him in as well. Her eyebrows popped up for a second when she glanced between his legs, and she let out a curious little grunt.

"How long have they been gone?" He finally asked.

"A few minutes. I managed to jump out a window before they could grab me." She saw his eyes focus on Delly's door again, and shook her head.

"They took her?"

"No," she answered, her eyes already telling him what he didn't want to know.

Cerebus hurried to Delly's door, and found her lying on the floor in a pool of blood, next to an equally lifeless slaver.

The woman walked up next to him and said, "She took one of the bastard sons with her. Stabbed him in the tripes."

Even though he knew that it would probably anger the Madame, Cerebus lifted Delly to the bed, and covered her with a sheet. The woman who ran the place would just have to buy a new bed. He wasn't going to leave her lying on the floor.

"She's probably one of the lucky ones," the dark-haired woman remarked.

Anger flared in him as he spun to see the woman holding a towel. He fought down the burst of emotion, because he knew that she was right. He accepted the towel to get as much of the mud off of him as possible before dressing.

"I'm gonna go get dressed," she said, echoing his thoughts.

Mindblind avoided looking at the lifeless body of the prostitute on the bed as he dressed in his wet, clammy clothing. The other woman returned as Cerebus was pulling on his boots. Now dressed in dark clothing, stiff with leather slabs that served as protective armor, her feminine charms were mostly hidden. She walked close and whispered, "Time to go. The law just showed up."

Cerebus had to agree. He wouldn't put it past Reed to accuse him of conspiring with the slavers. He had to wonder why the woman was so keen to avoid an encounter with the law, though.

Fortunately, the position of Delly's door on the balcony meant that they were hidden from view of the lawmen talking to the awakened Madame. With the window that he'd fallen out of only a few steps away, Cerebus paused to see what his old rival planned to do.

"Why aren't you going after them?" The Madame asked. "My girls have been taken — my guards murdered. There may be more dead upstairs."

"Yeah, they're going to jump right to horse to seek justice for whores, thieves, and a half-breed," the woman standing near Mindblind said in a sarcastic whisper.

"We have no idea who perpetrated this crime, and only a vague notion of which direction..."

That was all Cerebus needed to hear. Reed wasn't going to do a damn thing.

Not that he'd really expected otherwise.

He headed for the window, the woman right behind him. None of Reed's men were behind the building — yet another sign that he never planned to pursue any course of action, other than making a show of investigating. The drop to the roof, and then the ground, proved no trouble. Mindblind's height meant that he had only a short distance to fall when his arms were fully extended. The woman proved quite agile, bouncing down to the ground near him with all the grace of a cat.

The pair crept away from the building at a quick pace. When he turned toward the town, she said, "Are you nuts, half-breed? You're the first one they're going to suspect."

"Gotta get my sword and armor from the inn."

"You going after them?"

"Yep," he growled in answer, the tightly contained, slow boil of anger at Delly's death giving him direction and conviction to do exactly that.

"Want some company?"

Mindblind paused and looked back for a moment.

"They've got my sister," she said, answering his unspoken question.

"Good chance we'll get killed."

"Better chance that they will," she hissed in response.

He grinned, liking her answer. "Yeah, we can watch each other's backs."

"Don't go to the front door of the inn. I'll take care of getting your stuff," she said as she led the way. "What's your name — unless you want me calling you half-breed the whole way."

"Mindblind."

She let out a grunt of surprise. "If you think that's better. Okay, Mindblind, you can call me Raven."

The rain slackened as the two of them neared the inn. Raven asked him what room he was in, and then led him to the back of the building. Once there, she pulled off her shoes, and ascended the wall like a spider, somehow finding finger and toe-holds between the stones of the chimney and the boards of the wall.

As remarkable as that feat was, Cerebus was even more surprised when she held on to the window sill with one hand, and popped the window latch with the other, using some tool she'd pulled from a pocket. In less than a minute, she was within the room above.

Raven tossed down his sword, shield, purse, and armor, her aim perfect. She then closed the window and climbed down with the same effortless ease that she'd ascended. "C'mon, I need to get some things from my kip. Those fucks will be heading south, so it's along the way."

"Good enough for me." Cerebus belted on his sword, and slipped his shield over his arm, but carried his armor for the moment. He decided that getting out of town was probably the prudent course at this point.

She must have known the muddy trails that passed as roads in the area, because Raven moved unerringly along her way. Mindblind could barely see, as the storm clouds still obscured most of the moonlight that might have lit the path. Eventually, a pair of large structures emerged from the gloom.

Raven led him toward the side of the dilapidated farm house, which had obviously been long abandoned. "It's going to be a bit of a tight fit for you, but I think you can make it." She then knelt down and moved a pair of boards, revealing a hole in the stones that built up a cellar entrance. In a matter of seconds, she vanished inside.

Cerebus indeed found the fit tight, and doubted that he could have made it through in his armor. In the end, he alighted on the cellar floor with only a few annoying scrapes, just as a lantern flared to life.

"We may as well rest for the night," she suggested. "They aren't going to get far with the roads turned to soup by the rain, and we aren't likely to get another chance to sleep without setting a watch."

While she went to replace the boards and a tarp that obscured the entrance, Mindblind took in his surroundings. She had a couple of wooden boxes for storage, what looked like a fairly comfortable sleeping pallet on the floor, and a curious red stone sitting in what looked like a firepit, though it was obvious that no fire had ever burned there.

"It's magic," Raven explained when she returned. "Pinched it from some wizard. He was nice enough to have left instructions with the lot of them. I've got six scattered in all my kips. Keeps the place warm, and you can cook on it without smoke."

"Surprised that nobody has found the place."

"Guy that built it went crazy one night and killed his whole family. Hacked them to bits, then dived off the roof onto a fence post. Everybody thinks the place is haunted, and I help that out whenever anybody snoops around."

With that, she pulled off her overshirt, revealing that she still wore the long shirt that he'd first seen her in. It was still soaked, and still did little to hide her charms.

Not that she made any effort to do so.

With a complete lack of shame, her pants followed, and then the shirt. When she stood clothed in nothing but a soaked pair of panties, she turned back and smiled at her guest. "May as well get out of those wet clothes, or its going to be a pretty miserable night."

"Yeah," he agreed, though the look in her eyes suggested that miserable was the last word he was likely to use to describe this evening, if she had anything to say about it. An image of Delly passed through his mind, bringing with it a pang of guilt, but he bottled it up with the rest of his emotions. To linger on those emotions was to let them control him.

Delly had always told him that he needed to loosen up, let women find out who he really was. Even though she obviously enjoyed his visits, she always made sure their relationship stayed at a reasonably professional level. As she did the last time, she always asked when he was going to get around to finding some woman to poke for free.

Maybe now was his chance to fulfill that wish.

He pulled off his shirt, and kept his eyes on her as she let her panties fall to the floor. A nest of curls as dark as those on her head adorned her mound. She put her hands on her hips and cocked them to the side, offering a crooked smile. "See something you like?" When he nodded, she said, "Saw something that interested me back at the Cat, too."

Cerebus remembered her glance back at the bawdy house, and removed the rest of his clothing while she hung hers from nails on the floor joists above. She let out a purr when he dropped his pants to reveal his hard cock.

She sauntered toward her pallet while he found nails to hang up his clothing, her eyes locked on his bobbing erection. When he joined her at the pallet, she wrapped her hand around his cock and said, "I'm still worked up, because I got interrupted before I could have any fun at the Cat."

Mindblind growled and stroked his hands over her taut ass. "Didn't know they had men there."

"They don't," she said, and then gave him a slightly harder squeeze.

When the realization of that statement dawned on him, his eyes widened.

Raven licked her lips and said, "That made you throb. Ever seen two women get each other off?"

"Nope." He let his left hand glide to her breast and pinched her nipple.

"Love it, but I could never get along without cock." She nodded toward the pallet and said, "Lie down."

The pallet was a little prickly from whatever the mattress was stuffed with, but relatively comfortable. He'd barely settled onto his back before Raven straddled him, and squatted down. She was in no mood to waste time, and bent forward over his body, supporting her weight on one arm. Her other hand, she used to guide his cock.

Cerebus grunted as she rubbed the tip of his organ against her nether lips. Once it was slick with her wetness, she eased her hips back and groaned. "Fuck, that's big," she breathed in a rush, once the head of his cock had popped inside her.

She squeezed him tight — hot and wet around him — making him want more. He tried to lift his hips, but she rose up with him, not letting him penetrate any farther until she was ready. After a couple of deep breaths, she shifted the position of her knees, taking him deeper into her slippery canal.

With every inch of him that pushed inside her, she let out a groan. Her mouth hung open, and she breathed heavily, steadily engulfing his manhood. At last, she sat up straight on his cock and growled.

He stroked his hands over her legs and hips, drinking in the sight of her impaled on his cock.

"So fucking full," she breathed, and then started rocking her hips back and forth, stirring his cock inside her. She gasped and groaned, letting her head loll from side to side as pleasure flooded through her.

He'd never had a woman take control before, as almost the total of his sexual experience came from prostitutes. He was more than content to watch her as she rode him, her hips moving in circles, back and forth, and bouncing off his loins. Though she felt amazing, he didn't feel as though he was going to come any time soon.

Raven's movements grew more frantic, her breasts jiggling from her efforts. She braced one hand on her thigh, and the other slipped between her legs. Her sounds of pleasure grew louder as her fingers circled over her clit.

"Oh that's good. Fuck yeah," she cried out, her expression growing tight, and a rosy flush rising in her skin, all the way down to her breasts.

He could feel her juices dripping down his balls, a testament to just how wet she was. The tight embrace and satiny smoothness of her pussy was beginning to cause the first tickles of approaching orgasm within him, but she was well in the lead.

"Ah! Ah! Ah!" She squealed, her ass slamming down onto him with each exclamation. Then, she descended one final time, and let out a high-pitched mixture of a growl and a groan.

Raven trembled atop him; her walls clamped down on him tighter than anything he'd ever experienced. She sucked in a great gasp of air, and then let it out in an explosive breath, her mouth remaining open afterwards, and her eyes tightly closed. Her fingers still twitched fitfully over her bud, every touch causing her to lurch from a sharp jolt of ecstasy.

She lost control in the throes of her orgasm, and Cerebus took advantage of it. He flexed his muscles, thrusting his cock up into her clenched canal.

Her eyes shot open, and she let out a half-cry that ended in a croak. She fell forward onto her arms, but they were too weak to support her. Even as her hot, flushed breasts pressed against his chest, he bent his knees and grabbed her ass.

A loud, staccato scream erupted from her as his cock drove up into her. Held fast in his grip, there was nothing she could do to resist the onslaught. After several rapid breaths, she revealed that she had no intention of resisting.

"Yes — fuck me," she growled.

After that, she could manage no articulate sound. She growled and gasped, her cries animalistic — almost feral. Her tight expression matched her screams as he took her with all the strength and speed he could manage from the somewhat awkward position. Between her vocalizations of almost painful pleasure, Cerebus could hear every thrust of his manhood into her saturated pussy.

Her scream when she climaxed a few seconds later could have very well been mistaken for a death cry. His ears protested at the volume and pitch, but he smiled, nonetheless. Her muscles tightened to rock-hardness in his grasp for several more thrusts, and then went completely limp.

A cough shook her, and then she panted for breath, though her struggle for oxygen was interrupted by his still-thrusting manhood. After a few more strokes, he relented, leaving his cock buried deep inside her, but releasing his grip.

Raven managed to catch her breath, and at last could revel in the feeling of his cock throbbing inside her as shocks of orgasmic energy continued to shoot through her. She moaned and twitched, sometimes moving her hips just enough to make her climax spike again.

Finally, she drifted down from her heights, and let out a long, satisfied moan. "Damn, that was good," she breathed.

"Hell yeah," Cerebus growled in response.

"Do you... Do you ever come?" She asked in a languid voice, and then chuckled.

"Close."

Reaching deep into reserves of strength, Raven managed to lever up onto her arms, and then sit upright with him still inside her. After a shiver from the lingering effects of her orgasm, she lifted her hips just enough for him to slip free. She crawled over him, and lay down on her back in the scant space remaining on the pallet.

"I want it," she said in a breathless, sexy voice.

Cerebus rolled the opposite way to push up onto his hands and knees. At the same time, she scooted into the center of the makeshift bed as he made room for her to do so. When he rose up onto his knees, she bent her legs, grabbed her ankles and pulled them back until her knees were pointed at her ears.

"Do it. Give it to me," she demanded.

More than eager for that release, he moved to kneel in front of her and guided the head of his cock through the wet curls around her sex. He watched his erection vanish into her depths, groaning from the tight squeeze, and then grabbed her hips.

Raven groaned every time his balls slapped up against her, the power of his thrusts causing her whole body to rock and her breasts to jiggle. He knew that he wasn't going to last long, driving his cock home so hard and fast in this position.

"Give it to me," she reiterated in a growl.

He did exactly that, giving her all the speed and strength he could muster. Droplets of her juices squirted out around his fast-thrusting organ, further wetting the dark hair between her legs, and spattering on his body.

The itch in the tip of his cock intensified, slowly traveling down the shaft. He lost a little of his rhythm as he neared the point of no return, emitting a series of loud, grunting growls.

He slammed his cock home, his body colliding with hers in a sharp smack, and let out a long, loud grunt. His shaft pulsed as spurts of thick white cream filled her pussy full. Only his grip on her hips — and then her knees when she released her ankles to unfold her body — kept him upright. He didn't think he was ever going to stop coming as he watched her rub her tummy and lick her lips.

"Damn me, but I needed that," she said after a while.

Mindblind chuckled, and then winced when she mischievously clamped down on his softening organ. He pulled free with a sharp growl, unable to endure her gripping walls any longer in his sensitive state. He sat back hard, and then leaned back on his arms. 

Raven brought a dollop of his cream to her lips, the viscous offering already seeping from her gaped canal. She moaned, and then smiled. "Just wanted to thank you for coming with me. There's no way I could have done this alone."

"No... No problem," he responded with a weak smile.

"Besides, I really did need some cock — badly — and I'd heard you with Delly before. She doesn't scream like that when she's playing for customers, so I knew you were doing something fun for her."

When his expression darkened upon hearing Delly's name, Raven quickly added, "We'll get the fuckers and make them pay." She scooted over, giving him room to lie down.

Mindblind collapsed onto the pallet, exhaustion seemingly taking control of every inch of him in an instant.
