 Larua had fallen asleep wrapped around that cute little assistant to the cook, and when she woke from the deep sleep, she was cold... and alone! The were bright lights, odd because she had the lights removed from her sleeping chamber. As she wakened fully, she heard the beeps, focused on the monitors. The lights not only came from bright over head lights, but from a myriad of digital and graphic displays.

Larua wondered if there'd been an accident, the ship was old, but was very well taken care of. However, the old construction and technology on ship had a way of failing, usually at the worst possible time. 

She tried to lift her head to look around, but it was impossibly heavy, almost like when she slept with her arm twisted under her, as if the muscles wouldn't work. Larua tried to move her arms and legs, and was rewarded with the same, lack of result. Something was wrong.... terribly wrong!

As her rational mind woke and joined her conciousness, she moved her eyes around the room, seeing numbers and graphs on screens surrounding her... she had tubes coming out of her arms, as far down as she could see. As she triedto look down, she could see her bare breasts... "Didn't they cover up patents in sick bay?!?", she thought.

She studied the displays, one bank was labeled "Life support", another "Propulsion". There were displays labeled "Communications", "Weapon Systems", "Defensive Systems", even one for "Crew Morale". Luara was puzzled as to why, she, a lowly Yeoman suddenly had access to all this information, ship status was reserved for the Tactical Crew only. This had been drummed into her head at all throughout training. Now it was all at her disposal.

She remembered that she was cold, and wished she was covered by a blanket, even visualized herself covered by a blanket, and she got warmer! Luara glanced down and her breasts were still exposed, but she felt warmer... and one of the displays in the "Life Support" bank changed from yellow, back into the green range... Luara... dozed off again....

II

Luara had joined the Navy right out of school, not finding anything that she wanted to do with her degree. She figured it was a way to see the galaxy, to go places that she had only read and dreamed about. Now after putting 5 months of rigorous training, Physics, Astrometrics, Ship Maintenance, and of course, Zero G Physical Training, all behind her with a minimum of effort, off to space she went. She was assigned as a Yeoman, and administrative assistant, in the Quartermaster Division. She, after all was said and done.... was a stock clerk, not terribly glamorous, but she got into space!

III

There was a clattering as she woke again, she was where she was, when she dozed, all the displays were just the same, all green. She heard some garbled speech, and with a little concentration, it became clear enough to understand, "..... shouldn't have been able to fix the temperature, she's not even trained!"

The techs looked and saw that she was awake. Luara remembered that she was topless, and blushed, causing the temperature monitor to rise, and turn yellow.

"How is she doing that? We haven't even calibrated her yet!", said a disembodied male voice....

A female voice replied, "Some of them are naturals, I hope she's as good at keeping up Crew Morale, and laughed.

Luara's voice came out as a croak.... "H-h-hello?"

The closest tech, moved into he field of vision, "Well hello, you weren't supposed to come online for another day and a half, but, welcome to Ship Systems."

Luara's voice started to come back to her, "T-thank you, I think. What am I doing here?"

The next few minutes were filled with the details of the ship's former System Coordinator failing unexpectedly, the search for a suitable replacement, even the surgeries that had prepared Luara for her new role as the Ship Coordinator for the SS Linden. Usually with an unexpected failure, an S.C. was someone that would be a temporary replacement, being only the best suited, not necessarily well suited for the position.

Luara asked that her breasts be covered, as she was shy about their small size, her parents weren't ones for the genetic manipulation that made everyone into "Barbie Dolls" whatever those were. Luara hadn't even shown them to a boyfriend, much less these two strangers.

Almost as soon as she asked, the "Crew Morale" display fell just into the yellow range. As tall young black man stepped in front of her, seeing the confusion on her face, finally explained, "Luara, you are now the Ship Coordinator. You run the ship systems, you ARE the SS Linden!

As Luara fainted, she heard in the back ground, "What in the hell is going on up there?"

The female voice replied, "Sir, we're getting her calibrated now, it should be only a few more minutes."

"See that you're quick about it Chief, or I'll find another Coordinator Crew"

"Aye, Sir", was her only reply.

Luara didn't really lose consciousness, but she did feel a difference in her bodily sensations, she felt the sensations of movement come back, she could hear, and see better than she ever had before... she kicked her legs like she was swimming, and the ship moved forward 10,000 kilometers. She was alive.

IV

As the weeks passed Luara became the SS Linden, moved her legs and the ship moved, she took it where the Captain directed. When she felt a gun in her hand, she fired it, and the ships compliment of cannons vaporizing asteroid after asteroid. When debris threatened to hit her, she held a shield in front of her, and the ships Defensive Systems came online, and the shards were deflected. She regulated the temperature, and other Life Support Systems as though it were her own body, well now it was her own body! She WAS the Linden!

Only one part of her job had been kept from her, and though every Display was "in the green", the crew morale level continued to fall, slowly. One day Kaalbye the black man that attended her told his supervisor, Arabella, the pretty thin, Chief Petty Officer, in charge of caring for Luara, that something needed doing about morale. She agreed.

"Luara," she said, "it is time for us to teach you your one last duty as the SS Linden. You are responsible for the morale of the crew. And given these readings, we need to transition you to this last role, right now!"

Arabella, who had allowed Luara some modesty, abruptly removed the drape that had covered her. Kaalbye, grinned knowingly, as Arabella, touched Luara's nipple, it hardened, and the Crew Morale meter raised. Kaalbye stepped up, and took her other nipple into her mouth, and licked and sucked it, The meter jumped up again, almost imperceptibly. Luara realized, that her sexual fulfillment, would affect the Crew Morale reading with a groan.... 

The whole ship shuddered as Arabella touched her pussy, Luara had actually forgotten that part of herself, she'd been so busy running, no being, the SS Linden! The ship's shudder had been her jumping as Arabella's soft fingers stroked along her slit. Soon she pushed a finger, then 2, into Luara, the meter moving up a little more.... then jumped a full percentage point as Luara had her first orgasm in what seemed years. 

Kaalbye was next, he lowered his mouth to her pussy, and started licking up the sticky cum that had squirted down Luara's legs. He licked higher and higher, until he kissed her pussy, then pushed his tongue into her. Luara tried to writhe as she moaned, but the Linden's systems had stabilized not reacting to the Coordinator's movements. Luara was about to come again, when he stopped, she whimpered, but then he pushed his thick cock into her, deep, he pulled it all the way out, and pushed it in again! Arabella's hands were back on Luara's small breasts again, kneading them, rubbing her nipples. Soon Luara came again, the ship didn't shudder at all, this time.

"Captain," Arabella said into her communicator, "Luara is calibrated, and is ready for Morale Duty, as well."

"Very well," he replied, "I'll be up in a moment to christen her. Inform the crew that in an hour, the Morale station will be open to all!"

"Aye, Sir!", Chief Arabella and Petty Officer Kaalbye said in unison

V

The Captain arrived in Engineering, and everyone snapped to attention, even Luara tried, forgetting she was restrained. He was in his 40's and as fit as any man Luara had seen. He stepped up to her face, and looked at her.

"Luara, it is a great service you do for your ship, thank you.", he said.

Turning to the assembled crew, and the cameras that gave everyone on the ship a good view of the Coordinator's room in Engineering, "Next I shall christen the new Coordinator!. He unbuckled his pants and let them fall to the floor, his cock was hard, and standing out at a 45 degree angle, He moved between Luara's legs, and pushed into her, filling her again. 

As he entered her, applause erupted from those assembled to watch, and around the ship. He gave her a much longer fuck than Kaalbye had, even rubbing her nipples harder with each stroke. He rode her to three separate orgasms, and a few delicious aftershocks. Luara saw the needle jump... a little more than any other time she'd been metered, but it was still a drop in the bucket, the total nearing 10 percent. 

The ships compliment was was waiting their turn, Luara lost track of the numbers, as she was entered, licked, sucked, a few even slapped her pussy and nipples. Orgasms melded into one long orgasm, she couldn't stand it but likewise, she couldn't stop it. She had vague impressions of men, and women, pleasuring themselves and her, as time passed. 

After what seemed an eternity, it stopped, as the last of the sensations passed, as the last of the crew filed out of the chamber, she checked the chronometer. Fifteen hours!!! She'd been fucked and sucked for fifteen hours! She accessed the ship's roster, and found over 200 names! Next her gaze jumped to the Morale meter, it was pegged at 100%. The ships Energy meter was just over 60% but it was climbing nicely back into the green zone.

Luara thought for a few minutes, and decided, being a ship wasn't so bad after all....