 This was the time before Gareth was born. Before Remi came aboard Alpha 7, when Devon and Lucien were in their mid twenties and Seth just a mere boy of 13. Anniel was pregnant and suffering from heat, a biological, painful condition she'd go into that would make her insane with pain and desire. But Lucien was always at the ready to help soothe her.

This is just a glimpse into the past, a taste of what and who Lucien is. 

**************

Lucien's body felt aflame. Lust was a blade against his gut, ripping his innards to shreds. He needed...he needed...

The clawing desire to be fucked had him waking with a vicious curse.

"Annie," he snarled.

She was awake and her heat cycle was pushing her to near insanity. Lucien could also feel the others stirring in their slumber as well.

Tearing his blanket off, he concentrated on Anniel's life force. She'd teleported herself into the envirolevel.

Ignoring the uncomfortable erection tenting the front of his white drawstring pants, he teleported himself to the center of Alpha 7.

The night breeze ran gentle fingers through his long blond locks as he squinted into the dark foliage of Alpha 7's natural rain forest. A howl of despair echoed in the simulated night.

Lucien began to run, headed straight to where he could feel Anniel's pain radiating like thousands of tiny razors against his heart.

She was a dark beauty, golden green eyes, full lipped, huge-breasted and legs that went on forever. Legs he would've given his soul to have wrapped around him as he drove into her deep.

But Anniel had never let him go that far. She was in love...with a sorry piece of ass named Garethiel, a tall, blond, white winged Seraph full of tats and a reputation that preceded him. Not that Lucien was some sort of virginal saint. No. Luke was far from virginal or saintly. He might have been more of a man-whore than Garethiel, but at least the females he fucked knew him well and knew what to expect. He didn't go around spouting poetry and words of love to twist their little hearts and hopes around his dick.

Garethiel had known Anniel's innocence, an innocence Lucien had never dared breach, but Garethiel had enjoyed by lying and pretending to really be interested in her for more than just a quick fling.

Luke had to admit feeling a great deal of envy that Anniel had given Garethiel such a gift, if not a little shocked. At first, they'd all thought the Seraphian Master Guardian had reformed with his besotted behavior toward Annie, but then one fine day, Garethiel just disappeared. The Seraphian Master Guardians were leaving Alpha 7 in groups of hundreds after having guarded Edenia for thousands of years. They all knew they were going to leave eventually. They just thought Garethiel would stay behind as Anniel's mate.

They'd been wrong.

Another howl ripped through the night. Lucien came upon her panting, shivering form near the edge of the lake.

Sweat made her golden brown skin gleam. Her cheek was against the leaf-strewn ground as she shuddered in a fetal position, her knees to the ground with her ass resting on her feet.

His bare foot snapped a twig when he approached her, making her snap her head in his direction and snarl at him. Her eyes were wild with lust and fear. He could almost taste her pain, and felt his gut knot with heaviness.

"Anniel," he whispered lifting his hand in a placating manner, each step he took slow and measured, unthreatening.

She bared her fangs and snarled viciously. The pain made her wild and they all knew she could shift at any moment and attack.

He didn't fear her she-wolf sinking her fangs into his flesh and mauling him. His eyes lowered to her swollen belly. She was pregnant. If she shifted, the baby would die...and a part of Anniel would die along with it.

Not acceptable.

"Easy, baby," he crooned. "It's just me. Your sexy blond second in command."

Her lip trembled and her eyes stopped glowing, fangs retracting. "Luke," she choked out. Her hands clutched between her legs and she closed her eyes as another shudder wracked her. "Oh-god, Luke. It hurts too much."

Lucien licked his lips, coming closer. "The machine, Anniel. Let me put you back in it. You—"

"I don't want that damned fucking machine anymore. It's no use," she all but screamed in fury. "I can't take this pain anymore—"

Devon's presence bloomed energetically around them, but Lucien did not want him here.

No—Lucien mentally screamed, doing his best to hide the immense hatred he felt toward his brother—I've got this, damn-it.

Stupid fuck.

Anniel pressed her forehead to the ground in agony. The scent of her lust making Lucien salivate, his skin itch with longing.

His heart pounded as visions of touching her, making love to her filled his mind. She'd touch him too, caress, and kiss. She loved him. She'd always said so, though he knew she loved him the way a girl loves a really close friend, but he didn't care. The feel of a female wrapped around him panting words of love in his ear had him almost undone before he'd barely placed a hand on her.

He knelt behind her. "Annie, let me—"

She snarled and snapped at him, taking him by surprise. His eyes stung, and he told himself it was from her head knocking him on his nose rather than the disappointment stabbing through his chest. They rolled in the grass once, but he managed to get his body around her from behind. Pressing his teeth to the back of her neck and letting out an animalistic growl her wolf-bitch would recognize, he waited, his naked body tense. She'd either submit to his dominance or challenge him. He hoped she didn't choose the latter.

A soft whimper and sniffle along with the tilt of her hips into his groin had him sighing out in relief.

She'd let him ease her pain, but...

Wretched tears coursed down his cheeks. She'd let him fuck her...like an animal, but she would never accept his love.

Spreading his thighs to either side of hers, he pushed into her tight heat. Her muscles sucked him in, making him gasp in surprise. Light burst in his mind from the sheer pleasure.

Anniel began bucking back against him in a frenzy. Lucien shook his head, and reared up, his hands gripping her hips.

The flashback had him breaking out in a cold sweat. They had him strapped down on the spanking bench. One black hooded man was fucking his mouth in long hard strokes, barely giving him a chance to breathe, another was branding his hole with gut twisting thrusts. That man's hands were digging painfully in the fresh lash marks his step father had lovingly placed all along his back, ass, and thighs.

His faltering thrusts had Anniel pushing him back, his head thudding in the soft embrace of fallen leaves. Blinking wide eyes up at her, he gripped her forearms when she sank her nails into his shoulders and pushed herself onto his cock.

Anniel panted and grunted as she used him to slake her need. She couldn't help it, he didn't blame her at all, but it stung a little when she began chanting Garethiel's name.

It more than stung...it sucked.

She was coming. The tight pulls on his aching cock had him crossing his eyes. Fuck she was tight...and hot...and...

Oh.

Fuck.

Lucien threw his head back and drew blood from his lip trying to keep his orgasm at bay. Oh-hell-no. He wasn't going to blow his load like some stupid teenager.

Using his power, he had Anniel on her back again, arms power bound over her head, and legs bent and spread wide for him.

She stared up at him with passion-glazed eyes, her enormous chocolate tipped breast heaving from the incredible orgasm she'd just helped herself to moments before.

"Let's try this again," he growled, using his gravelly Dom's voice. The slight widening of her eyes gave him a bit of satisfaction, but hardly enough.

The few wispy clouds covering the simulation of Earth's moon cleared, bathing them in a silvery glow.

Lucien shook his hair to the side, letting it flow over the right side of his body...where most of the scars were. He was confident in his own good looks, knowing that with the moon shining down on them like that it would make his hair seem paler than usual, and his eyes silver. He flexed his pecs just to show off and almost grinned when her eyes slid hungrily down his torso to the thick cock straining against his taut abs.

Placing his hands on her knees, which still trembled, he pinned her in place with his hard stare. "First of all, I am not that fucking bastard, Garethiel."

She bit her lip guiltily. "Luke, I'm—"

"Quiet," he snapped, making her jump. A low growl rumbled in her throat as she frowned. He leaned down closer and answered her growl with a low, deep rumble of his own, baring his teeth for good measure.

Anniel let out a little whine and began to pant. She wanted him. Him. Her wolf was accepting him as a suitable partner for copulation.

She arched, gasping. Lucien looked down to see that his hair was sliding against her bulging belly, the pale blond strands striking against her dark skin.

He leaned down over her and took her mouth. They'd kissed so many times he'd lost count.

Kissing was nothing more than a show of affection between them all. Of course he was the only one who'd pushed Anniel for more, going as far as third base...until Garethiel had to fucking mess things up and go that one step further than Lucien had been willing to risk. He always felt something precious would be lost if they started just fucking for fun. Orgies were fine with whores from pleasure stops along the galaxy, but Rowie and Anniel weren't pleasure workers, and there'd be hell to pay if he knew Devon or Zak were so much as contemplating that.

Their tongues stroked and licked, her plump lips engulfing his.

That sweet little plump-lipped mouth of yours was made for sucking a cock, boy. Did you know that?

Lucien broke the kiss, willing the unpleasant memories to leave him be. He longed to set Anniel's hands free, feel her touch him gently, caress his skin lovingly. But they never did. They'd claw and grip him, tug his hair, demand to be fucked, demand he spread his thighs, arch his back, let them take him deep...

"No," Lucien panted drawing back.

Anniel bucked, her eyes pleading. "Luke, please," she begged on a whisper.

He blinked...once...twice...

Anniel. It was only Anniel. She needed him.

Leaning over her, he sank into her heated depths again, slowly this time. He used his powers to hold her down tight, tight enough so she couldn't move. Yes. He wanted to fuck her slowly.

Placing his hands on the hard unforgiving ground and spreading his thighs again, he began rocking his hips. In...out...she was shouting at him, her head thrashing about. She wanted faster, harder...but he wanted tender, gentle.

His hair slid slowly over his shoulder. He imagined they were her fingers, sliding like silk as he bent to take a pebbled nipple between his lips. Her cunt squeezed, tight, almost painful and he lost himself in the slow rhythm of sex, the bliss of being buried in the warmth of another body. His skin pebbled with cold and need. Need to be stroked.

"Tell me you love me," he whispered against her full breast. "Please—" just lie to me. I don't care.

Gulda loved me—the memory of his nanny filled his mind. She'd always been so tender with him. Unfortunately, Mr. Black, his stepfather, finally realized that Lucien wasn't the preordained dark prince and had taken it upon himself to torture Lucien with everything he'd ever loved. Black strangled Luke's puppy before his teary eyes... and he'd slit Gulda's throat when Lucien had refused to fuck her. It had been Malvano Black's test to see what kind of a man Lucien was. He'd barely sprung hair on his balls at the time. How the hell was he supposed to fuck the woman he'd loved as a mother? Of course, Black knew that...the sick fuck.

Well, boy, if you can't act like a man, perhaps you'd like to be treated like a girl instead.

Lucien tipped his head back and began thrusting harder, anger taking hold. Underneath him, Anniel panted in satisfaction. Yes. She liked that. It didn't matter he longed to make love to her. She wanted—no—needed to be fucked.

But the least he deserved was for the woman he was fucking to at least acknowledge his existence. He might as well be an obscure sex-bot if she didn't.

Wounded male pride had him leaning down to look in her eyes again. She had them closed. "Look at me," he demanded. When she only swiveled her hips, her pants coming harsher with her impending climax, he stopped. Golden eyes peered at him in desperation. Lucien grinned despite the pain in his cold soul. "Got your attention didn't I?" He thrust into her again. Once. "Me. I'm the one inside you now." He pulled out and slammed back in, making her cry out in ecstasy. "Not Garethiel." Her cunt tightened on his sensitive cock as he pulled out and plunged back in. "Not Devon," he got out through clenched teeth. His balls were already pulling up. He wanted to come so badly, it was a physical ache. "Oh, Annie," he sighed, closing his eyes as he began to rock back and forth into her. She cried out and wiggled more beneath him, her explosion of satisfaction gripping and stroking his shaft. He panted and released his mind of all thought, just soaked in the pleasure of being embedded in female flesh, drowning in her cries of passion...passion brought about by his body within hers.

His tears wet his cheeks before the first spurts of cum splashed her quivering passage. He came long and hard and shuddered from completion and dissatisfaction. He'd longed to feel her arms holding him as he spilled, but no arms would hold him. Since they wouldn't hold him, he'd bind them, so then there was a good excuse as to why they never did.

As he panted, his flesh sweaty and quivering, thighs trembling, Anniel whimpered and bucked beneath him. She wanted more.

A slave to her wishes, he slid down to his belly and put his mouth to her sex. It wasn't as if he'd never tasted semen before. He'd had his belly filled to bursting in the past.

His eighteenth birthday.

The memory of slitting Malvano's neck filled him with evil glee.

Anniel cried out when he nipped her clit, and shouted in surprise again when he reared up to plunge his still hard cock within her. He continued to fuck her until his back burned and his arms and legs ached.

Four laborious hours later, she lay nearly unconscious in a pool of sweat and sexual fluids.

Lucien was shaking, but did his best to get his feet beneath himself.

Looking down at her, he watched her run her hands through the tangled mess of her dark blonde curls. They flopped over her head and she closed her eyes with a loud sigh. She was out.

Without so much as a thank you.

Lucien placed his hands on his hips and studied her a moment while he waited for the shaking in his legs to subside.

She wasn't pretty. No. She was mind-blowingly gorgeous. Garethiel was an idiot. Not just because Anniel was a fucking goddess, but because she was sweet, loving, gentle, funny, caring, protective, nurturing...hell—he wanted to kick his own ass for not having laid claim to her first.

Lucien scrubbed his hands over his face in frustration.

Right. Who was he kidding? The moment Anniel laid eyes on any Seraph, they sparkled like an angel-struck idiot. She had a hard-on for the winged males, and Garethiel had been pretty persistent in his seduction of her. She was down for the count, her heart full with that scumbag and the poor little bastard he'd planted in her belly before disappearing like a coward.

Letting out a dejected sigh, he bent and picked Anniel up from the ground. She was completely wiped out.

Reality melted around them, the dark shadows of the envirolevel swirling away to reveal the soft golden hues of light in Anniel's room. He laid her down on her pale pink sheets, kissing her sweaty cheek before rising up again.

He could've carried her into her hygiene room and gotten her clean, but he felt a twisted sense of satisfaction leaving her all full of his stink and cum. Her pussy was going to be feeling mighty sore tomorrow too. It'd be good for her to remember if from scent alone who'd been between her legs most of the night. He'd be more than happy to remind her with a repeat performance if she didn't.

A strong fingered touch wrapping around his bicep had him reacting before even thinking, his fist connecting with Devon's jaw as his body tensed and his skin crawled with revulsion.

Fuck. How he hated feeling male flesh against his own. He fought the rising bile threatening to shame him and stared furiously at his twin.

A pair of twins could not be more different than they were.

Devon's jet black hair was mostly in his face, and he stared at Lucien with his freaky glowing blue eyes full of hurt.

"Shit. I'm sorry," he said, almost whined like a pathetic girl.

"You should know by now," Lucien hissed and then recoiled when his fucking brother's eyes ran down his naked length. Shit. Devon didn't know they were brothers yet...and the stupid shit felt attracted to him. Lucien took a step back, schooling his features to avoid revealing his hatred and disgust.

Devon's lush mouth thinned and his eyes shimmered a bit before looking down at Anniel. "Is she okay?"

Lucien's lip went up in disdain at Devon's husky voice. A voice that betrayed his lus...No, Luke, don't fucking go there—he admonished himself.

"She's fine—for now."

Devon bent over and dragged the fuchsia comforter over Anniel's softly snoring form. "Maybe one of us should sleep with her...you know...in case she wakes up in pain again."

Lucien snorted. Devon wanted between her legs too. The idiot had had a really bad crush on her since he was a toddler, but he'd been too damn shy to act upon it. His loss. "I guess Lillique still hasn't come back."

Devon's eyes flashed in anger. "No. If I'm lucky she might find someone else this time."

Lucien narrowed his eyes. "If she's such a pain in your ass, why put up with her at all?"

Devon ran an agitated hand through his satiny mane. "I... I've tried to break up with her." He shook his head. "She starts crying and saying she can't live without me..."

Lucien threw his head back and laughed. Pussy-whipped. That's what his big-bad half demon twin brother was.

He circled the bed and hopped in next to Anniel. With a smug grin, Lucien folded his arms behind his head and crossed his ankles on the bright comforter. "I guess I'll just have to sacrifice myself then. The devil forbid your psycho girlfriend shows up and kicks your ass for putting poor Anniel out of her misery."

Devon scowled and opened his mouth to answer Lucien, but Zachariel's sudden appearance on the other side of the bed had him jumping back in surprise.

"I can take over for you," the golden weredragon smirked.

Lucien's grin was replaced by a glower as he took in Zak's bulky muscles and his outrageously long golden hair. Lucien always thought Zak to be a spoiled prick. Raised as a bratty rich boy, Devon had rescued him when the weredragon went ballistic on Earth and the Edenian government ordered his execution.

Zak's knee made the giant bed dip with his weight. The son-of-a-bitch was built like a starfreighter—all male, blue-eyed, blond fucker. It made Lucien's skin crawl just imagining what all that hard flesh might feel like accidentally bumping into him in the middle of the night.

"Get the fuck out," Lucien snarled, " before I kick your ass."

Zak pouted and then scowled, "What the hell. I just want to help too. It's not like we haven't both fucked a girl at the same time before."

Now Lucien felt incensed. Springing to sit up, he fixed Zak with a blistering scowl. "What the fuck, Zak. This here isn't some bimbo we're doing for sport—"

Zak growled, his eyes beginning to glow in the beginnings of a shift. "I fucking know that, asshole. What the hell is wrong with you?"
