 Hello and Welcome to the world of Lucifia!

Hello all! Lucy here, you might recognize me from Literotica Chat as "Lucifia", or from Babblesex under the same name:). Anyhoo, I'm 23 and bisexual, and find great pleasure in awsome roleplays, the filthier the better. The world of Lucifia was actually created from numerous roleplays between myself and my special partner. They turned me on so much that I thought I should make them into a series of stories so that everyone can share. And while I enjoy the extreme, I don't actually enjoy mindless pointless violence against individuals who don't deserve it. So you won't see that in my stories, the little violence you do see, you'll definitely think 'that bastard had it coming' :).

These stories might not be everyone's cup of tea...some might contain violence, some might contain futa (girls with cocks), others might contain monsters. However, all contain that sweet touch that I think makes our stories awesome, but do contribute and suggest ways to improve!

The world of Lucifia is set in medieval times, in a world with all the major fantasy groups in existance: elves, dragons, dwarves, werewolves, vampires, wizards, etc etc. The stories flow neatly from one to the next, so it is advised to read the preceeding stories if you want to understand the plot. However, if you're just here for the erotica, any story will do!

Please send your comments to me. I'd be happy to consider incorporating them into my future stories.



Lucifia - Prologue: The Hunt Begins

Lucifia hung her head as her father's coffin was somberly lowered into its place among the royal dead in the cathedral vault. There was a definite blanket of subdued silence over the gathering of nobles and commoners alike who had come to see the great man to his rest. For nearly 50 years the wise and powerful king had ruled over the human nation, protecting its borders from outsiders, keeping its resident lycanthrope and vampires satisfied, while ensuring peace with the neighbouring elves and dwarfs. And now he was dead...not killed in battle fighting overwhelming odds. Not dying of old age, surrounded by friends and family...No. Dead of a strange poison, in peace time, in his sleep. No evidence of an assassin, except for a broken window.

The news of his death has sent the court into chaos...Who could step up? Lucifia was too young, still several years short of womanhood. The king had no relatives, no next of kin. The nobles were all to scared to reach for the crown, half afraid any volunteers would be instantly suspected of the crime, half afraid that whoever stepped up would be next to go. The advisors had agreed, the safest thing to do, was to spirit Lucifia away, hide her. The nation would have to be ruled in pieces, each looking after its own people. Thus the servants had packed all of Lucifia's belongings into an unmarked cart, waiting to leave after the ceremony. But Lucifia had other plans...

The hustle and bustle of the market square was subdued, but enough to cover the tracks of the hooded figure as it threaded its way through the stalls and wheelbarrows. Stopping momentarily at a heavy oak door set in the side of the castle wall, it knocked a secret code, then dissapeared through the passageway, the door slamming behind it. Safe away from the prying eyes of the people, Lucifia pulled off the brown hood, and stepped into the candle lit chamber, making her way across to an figure, bent over a work table, hammering away at a glowing shard of metal with a forge hammer.

Rufus turned at Lucifia's footsteps, his dark eyes taking in the girl's athletic form. 5'4, with long flowing black hair. High full breasts that her leather and scale corset did nothing to hide. Full lips, always curled into a half smile, with eyes bright and shining, as if seeing through you. His gaze slipped down over her flat tummy, to her wide hips, and toned tanned thighs. A silent threat made his eyes snap back up to hers...and she gave him a cold icy stare...which change instantly with a warm smile. 

"Rufus! You had all day yesterday to stare at me. You even got to see me naked when you fitted my corset" said Lucifia, as he laid down the hammer and tossed the shard into a bucket of hissing water. Lucifia reached out to touch Rufus's bulging bicep. "You even got to 'measure' my chest? Wasn't that enough?" She laughed as he bowed his head in polite embarrassment.

"Of course your majesty, I was merely admiring my work" said Rufus, as he stole yet another peak at her awesome deep cleavage.

"Nonsense, Ruf! You, like all over boys, just can't get enough of me." laughed Lucifia, her eyes naughty as she ran her slender fingers over her neck and down her exposed bosom. "And you don't have to be formal...where I'm going, my title means nothing. You can call me Lucy, just as you did when I was little" she said, her expression softening as she saw Ruf's eyes cloud in concern.

"Are you sure you wish to go through with this, Lucy?" asked Ruf, as he brought a wrapped bundle up from under the table. "Where you're going it means death to be caught, or worse. The only thing to make it out of the Moors are horses with no riders, and whispers of ghosts and monsters." Lucy unwrapped the bundle, revealing several silver dirks, a quiver of arrows, a thornwood bow, and a set of silverlace armour. She slipped on the flexible supple armour, and selected her weapons, slotting them into the groves and sheaths.

"Father's tower is nearly 100 feet tall, and it was a full moon that night." She reasoned, "The only creatures that could reach it would have been one with wings, or a werewolf scaling the tower." She slung the quiver over her back and shouldered the bow. "I'm going to the werewolves. If it was not them, then I shall go to the vampires", said she, sounding more confident than she felt. She had no idea where to begin, but the Moors sounded as good a place as any. "The council are wise enough to run the states, and Vintar can ensure that no war touches our borders. I think we can trust the wizard to do at least that." She gave the blacksmith one last hug and a kiss to both cheeks before she donned her cloak and disappeared back out the door.

As the door closed, a sibilant voice hissed from the flames of the forge,

"She is going to the Moors I see..." Rufus did not turn to see who spoke, as a figure stepped out from the flickering flames.

"Yes, she seeks the werewolves, then the vampires for answers" he said, casually reaching across to pick up the forge hammer.

"She will perish in the caves...long before she could be drained of her life by the vampires" laughed the mysterious figure. Rufus smiled grimly,

"You underestimate her, she will return. She will likely return WITH the werewolves and vampires. "I'll be happy to see the day she wipes the smile from you face!" Rufus suddenly spun, swinging the hammer with both hands with a shout of defiance. The figure raised a hand, and Rufus was frozen in place. He strained and grunted to no avail. The figure hissed humorously.

"That day will never come...and if it ever does, you will not live to see it..."