 Losing Yourself 

-- 

The hazy morning sun was starting to rise over the badlands, marking the end of the eleventh night Alanna had spent in the great wastes. They had left behind the vast maze of rocky plateaus yesterday, the landscape opening back up into endless rolling hills with the occasional isolated plateau. 

They were already both awake. Today, it was hypothesized they would be reaching the swamps surrounding Mschuleft, a sort of checkpoint to their long trek and a welcomed change of pace. Alanna was too excited to sleep much, and even Talos seemed in good spirits as he consumed the remnants of the latest wild boar they had hunted. Alanna smiled at him, Talos winking back. They soon packed up camp and headed out once more to the southeast, guided once again by sunlight. 

Alanna was surprised at how well she had adapted to the badlands. What had been a terrifying prospect just a week and a half ago started to become a half-decent experience. The pair had several more run-ins with Orcs, several more heart-pounding moments with everything on the line. She had personally slain four more of the savages since their first encounter a week ago with Talos' crossbow, and even a wild boar; the adrenaline of the fight made her feel more alive than ever. 

There were minor downsides to her predicament, of course. Her clothes had become more and more threadbare as they traveled through the wastes. She mused that she must look positively savage by now; her tangled hair lay in a messy bun behind her head, her blouse tattered and now merely tied around her breasts was patterned with tears and stains. Her leather travel pants now had a large opening at her left knee, ripping without her consent while hunting last night's boar. 

She looked over at Talos, smiling softly as she looked his armor over. She was surprised to see that his had mostly held up; the proof of the quality of his gear. He mentioned, in reply to one of Alanna's complaints about her current wardrobe, how his had so far survived two years of travel. She made a mental note to ask him if his adventures were always this exhilarating. 

She found the long stretches of time between combat were growing more comfortable for her as well. Most of that was the fault of her companion; Talos, several days past, had finally opened his mind completely to her with full consent. She overheard Talos' philosophical thoughts, surprised at the depth of his character. She felt splashes of his past adventures and conversations, overwhelming her with the full spectrum of human experience. She found herself swimming in his thoughts for hours on end. 

And now that he was exposed to her, she found him ocassionally finding lustful pleasure in looking over her body. She didn't mind. She even encouraged him at times where she swayed her hips a bit more, or pressed her tits together when they were conversing. She felt closer to the man than any other being, even her own parents. 

It certainly showed in her actions; she sat right beside him at camp every night, and walked near him on his left as they traveled. She found her hands on him more often now, touching him softly when sharing a joke or experiencing a fragment of his past. 

The pair had learned much of their Orc neighbors as well. Coming across a small camp of theirs of three roundhouses, they had discovered that there was indeed a female component to their race. Smaller and not nearly as aggressive, Alanna forced Talos to spare them with a quick charm and a flash of her innocent eyes. 

Alanna wondered if she finally found the man that would take her innocence. Two weeks ago, if the oracle at Selphyse herself had told her that she'd be lusting for a man who had a dozen more years of age than her, she would have laughed and disbelieved it. While exploring his thoughts, she found that Talos had slept with countless women in the past. Why didn't that didn't bother her? The only thing that did was a small thought in the back of her conscious, imploring her not to lose herself to... 

Ugh. She bumped into the back of a suddenly stationary Talos, silently chiding herself for not paying attention. She scanned his thoughts. 

"Camp?", Talos thought, the question directed at her. It was interesting traveling with someone so experienced with empaths, Alanna notioned, as she'd never encountered another soul who could direct their ideation at an invading voyeur. 

She looked in the sky, the sun still almost directly above their heads as they stood in front of a thick granite pleateau. The marshes of Mschuleft were visible on the horizon, looking hazy and mysterious. 

"Don't you think it's a little early?" she answered questioningly, shooting him a confused look. Talos accepted the challenge of convincing her as he took her hand and led her into a crevice in the stone, his tired horse obediently following them in. 

The dark, cold stone soon fell away around her, and they were within the granite itself, the cloudy blue sky overhead. Before them, a tiny pillar of water fell from the stone above, producing a decently-sized pool beneath it. 

Alanna's eyes lit up as she looked upon the salvation to her frustrating mess of hair. Talos smirked, released her hand and squeezed her shoulder, then walked back to the horse to unpack the tent. 

Alanna wasted no time shedding her clothes. She removed her circlet, unfastened her cloak, and untied her ruined blouse. She felt Talos' eyes on her back and turned around, giving him a sultry look as she unwrapped the cloth from her tits.  

Dropping the cloth, she put an arm under her voluptuous breasts as she stepped over to her pack, fishing her small pouch of hair cleanser from the bag. She actively worked to make the action as sensual as possible, bending over while keeping her knees straight, sticking her shapely ass out towards him. Slowly straightening her back, she faced away from him as she slipped both thumbs into her tight leather pants and carefully pushed them down her legs, bending gently at the waist and pivoted to the side when her butt was exposed, displaying her thighs to him. 

Alanna was overtly reading Talos as she carefully teased him, driving her on and causing her cheeks to flush with color. Her slit was maddeningly soaked as she strut towards the pool, and she slipped her panties off mid-stride. This was the first time Talos had ever seen her naked alabaster body, and she ensured he'd remember it. 

Looking down, she noted that the pool was only about four feet deep and slipped a foot daintily into the water, testing its warmth. It was cool to the touch; much cooler than she expected. She slowly lowered her body into the pool with a lusty moan, smiling at herself. There she bathed and, most importantly, washed her hair under the falling water twice. This gave Talos time to remember what he was doing and pitched the tent, while unsuccessfully trying to keep the other unpitched. 

After several minutes of aching loneliness in the pool, Alanna tilted her head to look at her companion. He was unequipping his sword belt and shoulder armor, settling in for the day. 

"Care to join me?" she cooed, standing up slightly in the water so her nipples were above the water line. 

Talos smirked, replying tersely, "Sure, just a minute." She watched him walk out of their private oasis for a bit and wondered what he was up to. She reached out. 

"Not hearing any Orcs nearby. We should be safe for the rest of the day." Hmph. Sure, he was a professional, but she didn't expect him to be thinking of Orcs when she was so obviously giving herself to him. She was glad someone was, though. 

"... really going to do this? She's far too young, just out of college. Can I even let her down easy? Do I want to?" 

Alanna felt the opposing sides raging in his mind and took a metaphorical step back in her own. Was she really doing this, out here? She just met the man, and no matter how wet he made her, did that mean she'd throw away her principles just to get off? She suddenly felt Talos' mind agree to itself, and heard his footsteps reenter through the crevice. 

She watched him strip down, her head resting on her arms at the edge of the pool, wet auburn hair flowing freely around her face. How did she not notice all of his scars before? 

When he got down to his under-trousers, he sauntered over to her and lowered them. She looked up at him and gasped, face-to-face with his hard member for just a moment. She was surprised by its length and girth, even when compared to an Orc's, and especially when compared to a human's. She briefly wondered if it had been transmuted at some point. He lowered himself into the pool just next to her, wrapping an arm around her shoulders after he was situated. 

"Damn, that is a lot nicer than I thought it'd be," he said as an attempted icebreaker. 

Alanna giggled softly and turned towards him, wrapping one arm his neck as her other hand rested on his muscled thigh. She bit her lip and must have gave him the right look, as he immediately lowered his face to hers and gave her a deep kiss on the lips as she closed her eyes. Alanna's mind immediately started racing and when his face pulled an inch away from hers she dove right back in, lustfully kissing him as their lips parted. Their tongues fought and entwined as Alanna moved her body closer to his, resting her parted legs on his thighs, both arms wrapped around his neck. 

"No," she thought to herself, still entwined with him. 

She felt Talos grab her by the waist, slowly lifting her with his immense strength as Alanna pulled her lips from his. 

"No," she vocalized, causing him to release his grip on her, his throbbing member inches from her virginal pussy. 

"Sorry?" he replied, confused. She couldn't do this to him, no way. But she couldn't go through with it, not now. She sensed hundreds of conflicting thoughts swarming in his mind. 

She lifted herself off of him, releasing him and standing up. 

"No, I'm sorry. I... Will you let me, um, suck your cock instead?" she whispered shakily. She felt Talos' concern for her rise to the top of the maelstrom in his mind so she added, more confidently, "I need to suck your cock." 

Talos grinned again and lifted himself from the pool using just his arms, sitting at the edge. His dick was already losing strength from the surprise she gave him, but Alanna immediately looked to remedy the situation. She slowly kneeled before him, half her body in the cool water as her eyes floated downward. 

She rested a hand on his thigh as she wrapped her slender fingers around his thick shaft, stroking him slowly as his cock regained its former length. She felt the heat throbbing in her hand and pumped it steadily, not removing it from her sight. 

She arched her back lower as her lips widened, then swirled her tongue underneath his cockhead. She heard his first groan, deep and satisfied, as she lowered her wet mouth, wrapping her supple lips around the head as she continued pumping the shaft. Her other hand left his thigh, lowering to her crotch and she started rubbing her clit in a slow circular motion. She needed to cool off just as much as he did. 

Her head now bobbed up and down slowly on his shaft, taking another inch in her mouth, then another. She uncontrollably moaned on his cock as her fingers played with her cunt under the water. She came up for air when she attempted to fit his entire length in her throat, far too much for her. Her eyes never left his cock as she dove on top of it once more, bobbing her head on his cock as her hand moved to his balls and started to fondle them. His groans made her work faster and suck harder. She felt his palms on the back of her head, gently pushing her as she worked his cock. 

She looked up at him and met his eyes looking down on her as she moaned harder from her self-pleasure, eyebrows rising as she did. Her tongue played under his shaft as she tried once more to take his dick to the base, missing it by inches. His groans came shallower and quicker as she felt his nuts churning. 

She picked up the pace on her own pleasure, getting closer and closer as she sloppily bobbed on his massive cock. Her eyes shut tight and groaned with six inches of meat in her mouth, her orgasm flushing through her body when she felt Talos pulling her head from his manhood. Not missing a beat, Alanna brought the hand pleasuring his balls quickly to his shaft and pumped tight and fast as he erupted. 

His cum blasted her in the face just as she reopened her eyes, covering her in five thick ropes. With her lips still parted, she tasted his juice drip onto her tongue before she could close them. The remaining, less powerful, shots landed on her neck and breasts as she moaned in sympathy with his. She kept pumping him until she was sure he was done cumming, then lowered her mouth down onto his waning shaft and sucked him clean. 

- 

The pair slept together in the tent that night, uncaring of the brutal world around them. Alanna's head lay on Talos' chest while his arm was wrapped around her, curling her body to his. She wore only her panties to bed, satisfied that she survived one more day without losing herself.