 The Morning After 

---- 

Alanna awoke alone in the abandoned, dim library, lying on her bedroll. A strong headache rolled over her as she moaned, and pressed two fingers to her temple, casting a restoration spell. 

"I did not miss you, morning headaches," Alanna thought to herself, reminding herself of the copious drink she and Talos had the previous night. She swore off wine, which might have meant something had she not sworn the same half a dozen times in the past. 

She looked around as she fumbled for her torch. Lighting it, she saw four books laying next to her, which obviously yesterday-Alanna believed to be important. She sat up on her bedroll, still pressing her temple with one hand firmly. 

She looked around the dusty room and sighed. Yesterday was a disaster, she knew. Most of the books she came to liberate from Mschuleft were either missing or lost to time, leaving only the four to her right the only knowledge she would save from the ancient city. Worst of all, she left Talos stewing, him believing their relationship to merely be the most intricate rape game she had ever played. 

She had to go apologize to him. She got up, squatted and started rolling her bedroll up. She heard Sofia's hooves behind her, clopping through the library. 

"Hey girl, coming to check up on me?" Alanna softly said with a smile. The horse, of course, did not respond back. 

"I'm doing okay, Sofia. Thanks." she half-lied, wondering if the animal cared. She heard her trotting closer. 

She snapped her bedroll to the bottom of her pack as she opened the main flap, and bent over to gather the books shed collected from the previous day. 

Alanna screamed as rough, bestial hands grabbed her waist. 

-- 

Talos was on the roof of the former college of Mschuleft, sharpening the blade of his trusty bastard sword when he heard the drums. 

"Orcs?", Talos thought. He heard some Orcs using drums out in the badlands, but not with quite this level of precision. These sounded more like war drums, and if his keen senses were to be trusted, they were getting closer at the pace of a brisk jog. 

"Shit, gotta find Alanna and get out of here. Fast." He started packing his bedroll when he heard, no, felt Alanna's scream. 

-- 

Alanna struggled with all her might, pinned to the floor by the beast. She felt its rough, clawed hand running along her body as the other squeezed her neck roughly into the dusty ground. 

"No! Please," she begged of the beast, only receiving guttural grunts in response. 

"Please...", she implored again as it grabbed her travel pants, tearing them at the waist. She was able to see the reflection of her attacker in her mirror, which had fallen from her pack. 

The creature appeared to be a mix of man and bull. Fur covered what she could see of its bulky muscled legs, only an ornamented loincloth covering his crotch. His chest and arms appeared more humanoid with only a bit of fur over his toned chest and biceps, while his face was the perfect imitation of a bull. His hands, groping and choking her, were large and manly except that the fingernails had been replaced with short, sharpened claws. 

Alanna tried to enter the bull man's mind in desperation, and was shocked when its thought processes showed signs of intelligence. 

She moaned loudly in disgust as the beast tore the rest of her pants from her body. "No!!", she repeated louder. She heard the creature grunt again as its hand on her neck shifted to her shoulder, still immobilizing her on her arms and knees. Her ass was raised lewdly in his direction, jiggling wildly as he unclothed her. 

His free hand groped her butt lustfully, and she could sense surprise in its mind that such a beauty wound up here, and that the creature was way too pent up to let her go. She'd lose her virginity being raped by this thing. Maybe if she could just... 

"Uhhn!", she moaned, the bull man smacking her ass, then clumsily grabbing her panties and tearing them from her with one angry tug. Alanna forced herself to open her eyes and looked back into the mirror, watching her attacker's tool harden behind her. The beast's cock was blunted, like a horses, and curved upwards along its length. 

Alanna used every ounce of strength she had to get away from it, forcing his hand off her shoulder and crawled along the library floor. She made it three lengths before it had her again, bestial cock lined up with her snatch. 

"Please..." she said in a whimper, tears welling up in her eyes. She made an effort to close her eyes, and attempted a last-ditch plan to enchant the bull man. 

"Stop." she commanded in the creature's head. Her eyes remained closed as she lay there for several moments, unmoving. She opened her eyes when she realized it had halted its attack on her. 

"Let the girl go." She was released. She lay there panting, the adrenaline still coursing through her body. She was ashamed with how wet her vulnerable pussy was. Alanna was just about to give the command for it to leave this place when the sound of metal piercing flesh erupted behind her, the tip of a sword appearing in the bull man's neck. It barely had time to gurgle in defiance before it slumped to the floor, dead. 

"Alanna, get up." Talos ordered. 

-- 

Alanna barely had time to push the books into her pack and slip on her black slitted skirt before Talos grabbed her arm and forced her to stand. 

"Now, we're leaving now!", he repeated sternly. 

She could hear the drums now, pounding just beyond the ruins of the old building. 

"Talos, what's going on?", she exclaimed wobbly as they ran through the halls of the ancient college. 

Talos didn't answer. He reached for his horse, just outside the doorway; she was whinnying wildly and stomping her hooves. 

He grabbed a single pack from the horse and threw it over his shoulder, cutting the rest of the supplies from their straps. He then lifted Alanna without her consent and placed her on the back of the horse, before mounting the horse himself. 

"Ya, ya!" Talos shouted, urging Sofia into a gallop. 

The beating drums were much louder outdoors, the noise surrounding them. Talos urged his mount with all haste westward. Alanna's heart raced as she wrapped her arms around Talos, holding on for dear life. 

Two bull men with spears blocked their path ahead of them. Talos smacked the side of his mounts' neck, urging her to avoid them as the beasts threw their spears at them. Talos deftly drew his sword and deflected one aimed at chest level, while the second spear pierced Sofia's flank. 

Ignoring the pain for now, or just sensing her master's urgency, Sofia rode on for two miles before slowing to a trot, then collapsing under the pain. 

Talos hopped off, inspecting the horse's wound closely. A bestial shout sounded behind them, only Alanna turning to face the noise. She heard Talos curse, then unsheath his sword and immediately plunged it into Sofia's neck. Alanna gasped in shock when the deed was done, Talos acting too quickly for her mind to process it in time. 

"We have to move," he grunted, sheathing his sword once more. 

They ran west through the marsh, the faint warmth from the sun on their backs.