 Training Day

Lucky looked around the void of his dreams where he could make out fuzzy forms of people before they faded from his vision and memory. This was every night for as long as he could remember. He had heard from others about random dreams that played out like crazy stories, but he had never experienced such a thing. His dream world was just a gray void filled with half focused memories and echoing voices that never seemed to make sense.

His consciousness slammed back into him as the sound of a nearby door opening caused him to set up in the bed. He noticed that the bed belonged to Cheryl, his new owner and then remembered the previous night. That wonderful moment when he had sex for the first time. He hoped that she wasn't joking about sex being his new job. He thoroughly enjoyed the act and looked forward to doing it again.

Cheryl stepped out with her hair still wet and a towel wrapped around her body. She had a giant smile stretched across her face as she noticed him staring at her. 

"Good morning," she sang as she walked across the room to the bed where she looked down at him, but not in his eyes like she had been doing. That's when he noticed his huge erection laying over his stomach.

He made a gesture to try and hide it with the crumpled up blanket next to him when she straddled over him, pressing the blanket down with her knee.

"Don't you dare hide that from me," she said with a light tone in her voice. "I want more of that."

She sat down on his lap until he could feel her pussy and ass rubbing against the shaft. He placed his hands on her legs, hoping he wasn't being too forward with her. She placed her hands on his and leaned down to press her lips to his. He could feel her tongue enter his mouth and felt a small vibration as her moan seemed to enter his mouth as well. He could feel her pussy begin to wetten once more but she shook her head as he started to shift his body in order to enter her.

"I'm too sore," she admitted.

"I'm sorry," he said as he began to worry about doing it wrong last night. "I'm inexperienced in..."

"Hush," she demanded playfully, but forcefully. "It was my first time as well and it made me a little sore is all. It's natural. You did nothing wrong." She leaned down and gave him another gentle kiss before sliding her body off the bed and onto the floor.

He looked down to see her arms drape over his legs and her face up and close to his throbbing erection. Her hand pushed the back of his cock until it was sticking straight up for her to inspect.

"I take it you enjoyed last night as well," she asked as she held her face so close during her inspection that he could feel her hot breath blow over the shaft.

"I did," He stated through a gasp. She seemed to noticed his enjoyment and continued her teasing.

"I want to do that more," she stated matter of factly before gently pressing her lips to the back of his cock and giving it a little kiss. "A lot more."

Her eyes met his and he seen her tongue come out and barely tap the tip of his dick, causing it to jump and startling her a bit.

"I would enjoy that too," he managed to say as her face closed in toward his cock once more.

"Good," she said as her tongue came back out again and lightly touched the tip once more. His cock jumped again, but this time, she didn't jump back. She seemed to be studying it. "I've never been this close to a penis before."

Her hand began to pull on his shaft up and down slightly as she continued to talk.

"I wasn't joking when I said that is to be your new job either," Her jerking motion became more confident with every word. "I have a friend that has a lot of experience with training sex workers. I contacted her this morning and asked her to stop by here while I'm at work to give you a bit of training."

"I will do whatever you want me to," he managed to say through a moan.

"You are not to have sex with her though," she demanded as she stopped the jerking motion on his cock. "I want you all to myself and I'm not good at sharing."

"I understand," he stated with as serious a tone as he had ever made. There is nothing he would do to ever mess up his new home and master. It was all too good to take any chances at all. He could feel her hand begin its motion again.

"I didn't expect this to be going so well," she stated as her mouth slightly opened and he could feel her lips slide up the side of his dick, leaving a small trail of cold behind from the moisture of the tip of her tongue.

"I have to leave for work in a few minutes, but wanted to make sure you were as little tempted as I can before I go," Cheryl stated right before he watched the top of his dick disappear into her mouth. He threw his head back onto the bed as he could feel her warm mouth and soft tongue work down his shaft stopping at the halfway point so not to choke. He could feel her hair tickling his hips as her head took the jerking motion of her hands over. Up and down over and over her head bobbed. 

Her mouth began to vibrate on his dick as she began to moan. He could feel her arm moving fast against his leg as she began to masturbate. She worked her mouth faster and faster as she neared her own orgasm. At one point, he felt the tip of his cock push against the back of her throat, causing her to gag slightly and lift back up.

She pulled her mouth off of his dick completely and looked up at him.

"I need you to cum now," she stated before dropping her mouth back onto his cock again. Both of her hands were braced on the bed now as she furiously worked on him. He could feel his climax rising and knew it wouldn't be much longer before he came. His balls felt like they were going to explode and he could feel his heartbeat inside of her mouth.

"I'm going to cum," he announced, but didn't give Cheryl enough time to pull her mouth out before he shot his first stream of cum into her. She made a gurgling noise and he could see his cum gush out the side of her mouth and down his shaft as she plopped his dick out just in time for his second stream to shoot up the side of her face and nose.

He thought she would be furious with him for ejaculating in her mouth and on her face but she just began laughing and pulled the towel off of her body and wiped the cum off of her face with it. 

"That was more than expected," she laughed. "And faster too."

She stepped back into the bathroom and a few moments went by before she came back out dressed for work.

"This is your home too," she stated as he followed her to the door. "Your cloths are done and in the dryer. Food is in the refrigerator and you know where your bathroom is."

"And remember," she stated with a very serious tone and facial expression. "You are mine and I do not share."

With that and smile, she was gone and Lucky found himself alone in her home. 

In his home.

He grabbed his clean clothes and took a bath first before heading to the kitchen to fix himself some breakfast. 

Once he had done everything that she had told him to, he sat in the kitchen and felt kind of lost. He wasn't sure what to do next. She had told him to make himself comfortable, but he wasn't sure what that meant. He had never really had to think for himself until now. 

He didn't have to feel alone for long, for the front door opened and a in came a beautiful red headed woman with an hourglass figure. She smiled when she spotted him and walked over to him. 

"Cheryl really knows how to pick them," she teased as she walked around Lucky and inspecting him. "Beginners luck I guess."

"I'm Lucky," he stated politely and not making eye contact.

"I know who you are," she snapped as she slapped his ass with a follow up squeeze. "How dare you speak when no one told you to!?"

"I'm sorry," he quickly stated while lowering his head. 

"That's better," the woman said coldly. "Cheryl has always been soft, but I'm not Cheryl."

"Yes Ma'am," he said as she rubbed her hands up his stomach.

"You know why I'm here," she asked as she slid her hand back down his stomach, slightly sliding her fingers down the waist of his pants. Her fingers stopped just shy of the base of his shaft.

"Yes Ma'am," he stated. When she stood in front of him not moving he explained what he knew. "You are here to teach me how to please my master better."

"Wrong," the woman said as she pulled her hand out and walked a few steps away. "I'm here to teach you how to please women as a sex worker."

Lucky didn't understand the difference, but didn't dare admit that. He just stood still with his gaze pointed toward the floor. 

"I'm going to show you how to make a woman's toes curl up as she screams out in passion," she stated with a joyful tone in her voice. "You will have Cheryl owing me big time after I'm through with you."

She walked up to him and placed her hand directly over his crotch over his pants.

"You need to strip down naked now," she said as if he should have known beforehand. "I can't teach you if I can't see what I'm teaching."

Lucky unbuttoned and dropped his pants before pulling his shirt over his head to reveal his entire naked body. She stood in front of him for a moment and looked him up and down with a growing smile on her face. She lightly stroked his hanging cock from shaft to tip and watched as it started to swell up.

"Beginner's luck indeed," she said with what sounded like amazement. "Follow me."

She guided him to the back room across from Cheryl's room which was now his. Once inside the room, she closed the door behind them and began unbuttoning her tight dress.

"I guess it's my turn now," she stated as she wiggled the dress to the floor revealing her own naked body. She was beautiful in many different ways than Cheryl. Where Cheryl was very thin and muscular, this woman's curved from her large breasts to her thin waist and her widened hips. Her long red hair dropped over one shoulder and covered one of her nipples as she looked down at herself. 

"Do you like what you see," she asked as her eyes focused on his ever growing erection. "If you could do anything to me right now, what would it be?"

"I'm not sure," he answered honestly. He wasn't supposed to have sex with her. Those were orders from Cheryl, his master.

"You were told to not have sex with me weren't you," she asked teasingly. "Well, you're going to have to dismiss that entirely, because you are a sex worker for your master now and how are you going to be able to do your job if you don't know how?"

Lucky looked up at naked woman and scanned her body from head to toe, making sure to not make eye contact.

"Let me ask you again," she stated. "If you were told to do what you want with me, what would you do?"

Lucky didn't know what to say. He tried to find a way out of the situation, but thought answering the woman's question wouldn't hurt anything. As a matter of fact, not answering her might do a lot of harm. 

"I would walk over to you and kiss you," he started, but was interrupted immediately by the woman's angry gaze. 

"So a woman tells you to do what you want with her and you choose to kiss her," she asked as she rolled her eyes. "Let's try this again. I'm standing here in the nude and telling you to take control sexually for a moment. I'm in charge because I am a woman, but I want to be controlled a little too sometimes. It's a fantasy some of us have. The ones who tell you to do what you want, want you to surprise them."

"I'm sorry," Lucky said as he lowered his gaze once more. What did she want him to say?

"I want to be fucked by you," she said with the same fierce and almost angry tone that she had been using. There was something else in her tone though. Almost like she was whining. "What will you do?"

"I would walk up to you, bend you over the dresser and fuck you," he said and almost immediately regretted using such language when talking to a woman.

"Hmm," she seemed to be happy with that answer, for her voice seemed to change to that of a purr. "Okay then."

She walked over to the dresser and placed her hands down on the surface. She arched her back so that her ass was raised for him.

"Lucky, do what you want to me," she stated as she looked back over her shoulder at him. "I mean it, let's start this."

Lucky's dick was rock hard and throbbing at this point. 

"I was specifically told to not have sex with you," he stated, trying to think of a way of getting out of displeasing his master. "I really don't want to mess this up with my master."

The red haired woman stood up and marched toward him. She looked up into his eyes with rage in her own. Her fist came up and she jammed her finger into his chest as she began to speak.

"Listen here slave," she spat. "I will not be told no by a pathetic man! I guided you to this room because there's no possible way of your master knowing. On top of that, how the hell can I do my job if I can't do my job!? How the hell can you do your job if I don't teach you how to do your job!? When you are told to do something, you do it! Now do what you want..."

He didn't know what came over him. Maybe it was the swelling anger in him or the fact that he was scared of being in trouble for not complying with the woman, or maybe it was his desire to fuck her in the first place. Whatever the cause, the reaction was certain. Before she could finish speaking, Lucky spun her around and shoved her toward the dresser so hard that she knocked most of the trinkets off when she landed. He squeezed his cock and shoved it into the woman's pussy all the way in one motion, causing her to whelp. Once her brain caught up with the reality she was able to brace herself onto her hands on the dresser as he pounded his dick in and out of her rapidly.

The adrenaline of his actions was beginning to wear off and he could feel his balls begin to swell as his orgasm was coming soon.

"Don't you dare fucking cum," she shouted through gasps. "You need to learn how to hold back your orgasm!"

Lucky didn't know how to do such a thing. He could feel it coming and didn't know how to stop it. 

"Tell yourself to not cum," she shouted. "Just keep telling yourself and when you don't think that will work then stop for a moment and let your body slow down."

He did as she told him. He told himself to not cum over and over in his head, but it wasn't helping. The orgasm was heading his way soon, so he stopped pounding into her, but it was too late. He pulled his dick out of her to try and squeeze it shut, but it only made the streams of cum blast out even further. Cum shot up her back, over her shoulder blades and even into her hair.

Once he had finished, she turned around to him with another angry stare. 

"I'll give you five minutes to gather your strength back and we're going again," she said with venom dripping from every word. "You have to control it."

A few moments went by with him standing by the dresser with a dumb look of defeat on his face, while the woman messaged people on her phone. He could feel his dick start to swell again and knew it was time. He looked up to see the woman looking over her phone at his dick and smiling.

"Okay then," she started. "So you're beginning last time was great. You took me by surprise and started pounding the hell out of me. I was actually really enjoying it. That's rare. Most trainees don't even get me aroused. In fact I don't usually have sex with trainees. I have people for that."

She walked up to him and began stroking his cock until it was fully erect once more.

"But you started too fast and too hard," she said "Try the same, but this time start slower."

She turned around and placed her hands on the dresser once more before looking back at him with a smile on her face. He walked up to her and slowly pushed his cock into her pussy until it was all the way in. He then started pulling back out slowly. 

"Better start, but you need to do it in a rhythm," she stated while pushed her ass back and forth helping him. "In, out, in, out."

Before long her speech was quickening along with her motions. He took over the rhythm as he started to feel the speed increase that she was wanting. She started screaming in pleasure as his speed eventually got back to the high speed from earlier, only this time he had more control. 

"I'm cumming," she shouted over and over again as he continued to pound her. Her orgasm seemed to last forever as his pounding steadied in a pace. "Can you feel your orgasm? You may not realize, but you've probably been holding it back for some time now. That's how you control it. You put it in the back of your mind and focus on the task at hand."

He then realized what she was talking about. He could feel the tingle in his balls and shaft as he focused on his own orgasm. He knew that he could cum at anytime, but also knew that he could push it back for as long as he needed as well. 

"I can feel it," he said outloud. "I can control it."

"Good boy," she said through gasping for air. "Now I want you to cum Lucky. Cum inside of me and we're done for the day."

Lucky slammed his cock in her over and over again so hard that he was causing her head to smack against the wall behind the dresser. He shoved his dick in and held it as he exploded inside of her. Even after all of his cum was drained from him, he stood with his dick deflating inside of her and she didn't move from lying on the surface of the dresser for some time.

He eventually pulled away and wiped himself off while she cleaned herself up and pulled her tight dress back over her. She looked at him and smiled.

"We've made really good progress today Lucky," she stated as she opened his door. "I'll have Cheryl schedule another appointment for later this week and we'll work on oral. Now no matter what, do not tell Cheryl about what we did. If she asks, then tell her that I explained things and pointed some stuff out."

"Thank you," he found himself saying before she started to walk out of his room. She turned and looked at him with another almost angry expression on her face. That expression melted away though.

"My name's Vicky," she said before leaving. 

Lucky was alone again. He didn't know how he was going to be able to lie to Cheryl or if he even should. He wasn't supposed to lie but Vicky specifically told him to do just that. And if it wasn't for having sex with Vicky he wouldn't have the knowledge that he had to please Cheryl. 

What a strange world he found himself in.