 Swallowed

After another bath and some time to dwell on his thoughts, Lucky heard a car door shut just outside the house and looking out the window revealed Cheryl walking up to the door with a few bags on each arm. She walked through the door and smiled when she seen him standing by the window.

"How was your day Lucky," she asked as she sat the bags and shut the front door.

"It was good," he said kind of nervously. He was scared of lying to a woman. He had always been told to never do that and knew that the consequences for doing so were terrible. He could even be sent back to the center for a new owner.

She seemed to see the nervousness on his face. 

"You still haven't gotten used to it here have you," she asked with pity on her face. "I'm not getting rid of you. This is real and you don't have to worry."

"Thank you," he said, feeling guilty about what he had done with Vicky. "I appreciate you as my master Charyl."

"Well good," she said with a chipper tone in her voice. "I went shopping for you after work and got you a few new outfits so that you're not wearing the same clothes over and over again."

She then began pulling out every piece of clothing that she could find and showing it off to him. He appreciated the gesture, but fashion was something that he had never learned. He never had to. He wore a single jumpsuit in his previous home and just the option of wearing more than one thing was a bit mind boggling to him.

Once she had given him his last piece of clothing, he carried it to his dresser and put them up in the drawers where he seen a small dent in the wall above the dresser from Vicky's head. Guilt washed over him again and he shut the last drawer and began to walk out of his room again.

"Well," Cheryl's voice called from the doorway, causing Lucky to jump. "How'd training go today?"

Cheryl's facial expression didn't reveal that she had any knowledge of what happened, but here it was anyway. The moment that Lucky was going to have to lie for the first time and to a women!

"It went well," he stated as he cleared his throat. "I learned quite a bit from your friend today."

"Well, you really impressed Vicky," she said with a smile. "That's my friend's name. Vicky. She asked me to let you have sex with her like a million times on the phone."

Lucky's eyes went wide and it must have been noticeable, because Cheryl walked up to him and put her hands on his arms.

"Don't worry," she said in a calming voice. "You are mine and I will never send you off with another woman."

Lucky forced a smile, which seemed to be enough to satisfy his master, for she turned from him and skipped down the hallway to work on dinner. 

He walked toward the kitchen and stepped inside.

"Is there anything you wish me to do," he asked. He wasn't sure how to properly set a table or even cook, but wanted to make sure that he was available to help any way that he could. She turned from the stove and smiled at him.

"Do what you want," she stated.

What did she mean? Did she want him to surprise her like Vicky had taught him? Did she know what he and Vicky had done and was using it to taunt him? Was it all a big game to just punish him before sending him back? 

"Relax Lucky," her voice called him back from his dark thoughts. "Just do what you want."

He figured he'd put his new knowledge to the test in order to please his new master. He marched over to the tiny woman and yanked her pants and panties down with one great motion. She started to turn, but he held her firmly with one hand all while pulling his pants own pants down to the floor. He worked his dick hard and started to push it against her pussy when she threw an elbow into the side of his head so hard that he stumbled back a few steps. He looked up at her in shock to see her looking angrily at him.

"What the hell are you doing," she growled at him.

"I'm sorry," he stuttered. "You said to do what I want and I thought that meant you wanted me to surprise you."

"Well, I was certainly surprised," she snapped while pulling her pants back up. "Is that what Vicky taught you?"

"Yes," he answered with his head hanging down. "I'm sorry, I misread my orders."

Cheryl sighed away her shock and anger. "That wasn't an order. I was just telling you to do what you want to do. I didn't mean to force yourself on me while I cook dinner."

"It won't happen again," he promised as he stepped back and pulled his pants up.

"Now don't go making promises I don't want you to keep," she teased. "In the right time and mood something like that might be nice."

The rest of the evening had went smoothly with no more miscommunications. Lucky had eaten dinner and gotten ready for bed. Cheryl had disappeared for a moment before coming back out of her room while wearing a bathrobe.

"I want to have sex with you," she said in a soft voice as she stepped into his bedroom. He was lying on his back above the covers in his underwear and could feel his dick begin to grow as Cheryl stepped out of her robe and crawled on top of him in the nude. 

He pulled his underwear off and kicked them out of the way as she pinched his cock between her fingers and aimed it into her as she sat down on top of him. 

"Yes," she breathed as his dick began to push her open.

She lowered herself further and further until she was setting evenly on his lap and he could fee her pulse pounding around him. She placed her hands on his chest and began shifting her hips back and forth. Her breathing grew deeper and he placed his hands on her sides to help keep her steady as she rode him. 

She slowly laid down on top of him and he took over by placing his hands on her ass cheeks and began sliding her body up and down on his dick like a puppet. She nibbled his neck and ear while he worked her up and down a bit faster at a time just like Vicky had taught him. He was in complete control of his orgasm. He could hold it as long as he needed. Her breaths were soon carrying sounds of soft crying as her pleasure peaked to its next plateau. 

"Don't stop," she moaned as he continued his increased speed a little at a time. He could feel her vagina walls tightening and knew that her orgasm was coming soon. She began moaning something, but through her deep breaths and gasping for air, he couldn't make out what she was saying exactly.

Before long she was making a chirping sound while announcing her orgasm. He could feel her pussy sucking on his cock, begging for his cum. He was holding out a bit longer though. He didn't know if she wanted to keep going to finish. Her breathing was settling back down and she began to set up on his lap again as she looked down into his eyes.

"I want you to cum in my mouth again," she announced after a few moments. "I want to try to take your entire dick into my mouth first."

She slid off of him and curled her body around until she was making out with the sides of his dick and her knees were facing his head. She worked her tongue all over his shaft, making sure to not miss a single part. Soon he could feel her mouth surround the top of his dick and then she let gravity take her head down and his dick began to slid up into mouth and over her tongue. She stopped as the tip of his dick hit the back of her throat again. She let out a gag sound and pulled back a bit, causing him to feel her teeth barely scrape the sides of his dick, which caused him to moan out in pleasure. She pushed her head down once more and this time the tip of his dick hit the back of her throat and she managed to keep it there for a moment before raising back up with another gag. 

He looked to his side and couldn't resist to reach over and play with her ass. His fingers worked into her pussy and her moan caused her to gag once more as she tried to swallow his dick again. He pulled one of her knees over his head until she was lying down over his body and her pussy was directly in his face. He reached up and kissed it, bringing a surprised moan from her lips. She seemed to like it. He reached up again and this time, used his tongue, bringing a larger moan from her, vibrating his dick. 

Before long he was making out with her soaking wet slit while she continued to push the tip of his dick against the back of her throat. She screamed in pleasure as he found a certain spot on her that drove her crazy. Once he found that spot, he stuck to it, all while working his fingers in her.

He let out a moan into her cunt when she finally managed to swallow his cock, sucking half the shaft down her throat. She began doing this over and over again, perfecting the motion until he was fighting back an orgasm. It was difficult to control it with the sensation she was creating. He tried to focus on her pussy as much as he could, but the orgrasm was going to explode any moment. 

"I'm going to cum," he shouted into her pussy, causing her to scream around his cock as her throat took him in again. He shot his first stream of cum while his dick was down her throat, causing her to pull back quickly and cough out his cum. She began coughing into his lap while he shot long hot streams of cum into the air and landing all over the side of her face and back of her head. 

"I'm sorry," he said once he was done and she rolled over to the side of the bed.

"Don't be sorry," she said as she looked down toward his face. His cum was running down the side of her face as she smiled and blinked cum out of her reddened eyes. "I asked for it didn't I?"

He smiled back at her and laid his head back down on the bed while staring at the ceiling. 

He was starting to wonder how many baths per day he was going to be taking from now on.