 Vicky and Rebecca

Lucky once again found himself inside his dream void where faint and fuzzy silhouettes of people faded in and out of existence before enough was revealed for him to make any one out. That was until one didn't fade out. At first he just looked away, but when the figure seemed to move closer he turned and stared in amazement. 

The figure was still too fuzzy for him to make out any specific details other than it was female. The strange thing was that she appeared to see him and was gesturing toward him. The echo of her voice was still too severe for him to be able to make anything out, but the fact that her figure remained was shocking enough.

"I'm off to work," came Cheryl's voice from the doorway to his room. His room. That still sounded strange in his head. "Have a good day and I'll see you tonight."

She had left in such a hurry that she left her bag on the dining room table that held her belongings for work. Lucky assumed that she would return for it, but after a few hours he stopped waiting for her. He didn't dare touch her belongings, for it held things of her personal items that wasn't for him to see or touch.

He had walked back into his room to change into daily clothes when he heard the front door open. He stepped out of his bedroom and walked down the hallway only to see the beautiful curvy redhead Vicky and a short and muscular black woman he had never seen before step into view. 

"Well, if it isn't Lucky," Vicky chimed in with a smile. "Cheryl asked me to stop by and grab her bag for her. I just happened to be out on a run with one of my co-workers, Rebecca here, and figured I'd bring her along to show off my newest pupil."

"Hello Lucky," Rebecca said without even attempting to crack a smile. She looked at him as if he were below vermin. "Vicky has been talking about how great you are and about how much of a shame it is that you are owned by someone who doesn't want to capitalize on you."

Lucky looked down from the two's gaze as he noticed them walking closer to him.

"Her bag is on the dining room table," he said quickly, wanting them gone as fast as possible. 

"How dare you speak out of turn," Rebecca snapped as she grabbed his face and forced his gaze onto her. "Never forget your place."

"I'm sorry," he said quickly as he tried to look away from her piercing and angry dark brown eyes.

She seemed to lighten up as she looked over to an amused Vicky, who wasn't making a move to intervene. When Rebecca's eyes shot back to Lucky a different look was painted on her face.

"Let's test your pupil out," she said in a teasing voice. "I want to see if he has as much potential as you claim."

"Fine," Vicky called back as she started walking toward them. "But remember that nothing can be said to Cheryl."

"Like I ever talk to her anyway," Rebecca answered back with a chuckle. "We don't exactly get along."

Vicky stepped around them and he could feel her hands grab the back of his pants by the waist and pull him backwards toward his room. Once the three were inside the room, Vicky stepped back and closed his door. 

"Well," Rebecca stated like she was waiting for something. Lucky looked from her to Vicky and back extremely confused. "Take your fucking clothes off."

He complied and before long he was standing in his bedroom in the nude in front of both women, who were observing his body from feet up. Rebecca stepped forward and roughly grabbed his dick. She looked up at him as a cruel smile stretched across her face. He could see Vicky in the back of the room, stripping down to the nude. The sight along with the memory caused his dick to stand at attention, causing Rebecca's face to change from sinister to shock.

"Damn," she breathed as she looked at what was in her hand. "Okay, you have my attention."

She stepped back from him and began pulling her clothes off until Lucky had two beautiful and naked women standing in front of him. The pale and curvy Vicky mixed with the dark and muscular Rebecca made his dick begin to throb out of control. 

"This is a new one for you isn't it Lucky," Vicky purred as she glided over to his side and grabbed his cock in her hand. "Two women at once. I bet you don't even know what to do huh? I guess first thing you should do is to do what you want."

"Agreed," Rebecca stated as she crossed her arms, covering her perky breasts as she waited in anticipation. "Do what you want."

That was enough signal for Lucky. He reached out and grabbed Rebecca by the legs, lifted her into the air and dropped her onto his dick in one motion. She gasped in shock of the sudden change as he began throwing her up and down on his rock hard rod. She began moaning out in passion as the wet smacking sounds got louder and louder.

Vicky had laid back on his bed and began masterbating to the sight of her new pupil fucking her coworker. He didn't want to leave her out though. They came for a show and he intended to deliver. He lifted Rebecca off of his dick, spun her around and laid her down on top of Vicky. He dropped to the floor and pulled both women closer so that he could begin to make out with both of their pussies. 

The combination of both of their moans and shouts of pleasure was driving him crazy as his tongue took turns on both slits. Rebecca shifted her ass too far and fast for his tongue to keep up which caused his tongue to slide up her asshole.

"Oh damn," he heard her shout in shock and pleasure as his tongue lightly plopped in her bud. "Don't stop that!"

He began fucking her ass with his tongue. That seemed to get the most pleasurable sounds from her. Stabbing her hole over and over again as his fingers still plunged into both of the women's cunts. He figured he wouldn't leave Vicky out either and slid his tongue down to her own ass, causing a gasp and moan from her as well. Both of the women seemed to really enjoy the feeling of his tongue in their asses so he thought maybe they'd enjoy something a little bigger instead, so he stood up and grabbed his cock.

He gently placed the tip of his dick against Rebecca's asshole, causing her to fall completely silent.

"Gentle now," she said in a whisper. "I've never tried this before."

Lucky pushed slowly against her bud as her body seemed to try to crawl away from him, which was confusing, because she was calling for him to push forward. Finally he felt the tip of his throbbing cock plop into her hole, drawing a whine from the woman. He could see that Vicky was holding her hands tightly. 

"Gentle," she whispered through closed teeth. "Gentle."

He pushed a bit more and could see his dick very slowly disappear into her asshole as she grunted and moaned. Once all the way in, he pulled her hips back until her feet were on the floor and her face was planted between Vicky's legs. She must have begun eating Vicky out, because the redhead started moaning as her hands gripped the hair on the back of Rebecca's head. 

He began pulling his dick back out as he pushed her ass away with his hands. Once his dick was about halfway out of her ass he started to push again and switched the position of his hands so that he was pulled her hips back instead of pushing. She moaned loudly into Vicky's cunt as he continued this motion over and over again. Eventually she began convulsing as her orgasm took over causing her to push away from his dick so hard that his cock made a faint popping sound as it left her ass completely. 

As Rebecca fell forward onto the bed while holding her ass in both pleasure and pain, he grabbed Vicky's legs and pushed them up toward her head so that her asshole was in easy access for his dick. She had a slight facial expression of fear as she looked down at his rod.

"Slowly," she half ordered and half pleaded as he pushed forward. 

As soon as his dick touched her asshole, her eyes closed and she whelped in both anticipation for the erotic pleasure and the pain. Her mouth opened slightly as he pushed the tip of his cock against her. She didn't pull back like Rebecca, but laid completely still which caused his tip to plop into her faster than he was ready for. In one motion he went from being out of her to half his cock diving inside of her asshole. She screamed out and he could feel her ass sqeeze his dick so tightly that he didn't think he could even pull out.

"Oh my God," she screamed a throaty growl. " I said slowly!"

"I'm sorry," he said wondering whether to pull out or wait for her to relax.

"I'm okay," she whispered as she looked down at him and even managed a smile. "I'm ready for more now."

He slowly pushed until he could feel his throbbing dick slipping a bit more inside. He was being extremely cautious now as not to hurt her again. Her moans were sounding of complete pleasure now as his entire dick entered her. She arched her back as he began to pull back out before slowly pushing again. 

"Let me help," Rebecca whispered as she crawled over and pressed her tongue and lips to where his cock and her asshole were meeting. He found that her saliva seemed to help with his entrance and release and began pushing and pulling faster. 

Vicky began to scream in pleasure just before liquid exploded from her cunt and her body began shaking all over the place. The wetness from the liquid helped even more and he began pounding his dick into her ass faster and faster.

"Cum," she shouted. "Oh my God, just fucking cum!"

He could feel his dick swelling and knew that he could easily obey her order. He slammed his cock as deep into her ass as he could before releasing his entire load in her. Once his final shot released, he pulled his dick out of her ass and watched as his cum began to ooze out of her while she rolled over to her side.

"Damn," Rebecca said as she looked over to Vicky. "You were right."

"Told you," Vicky said with a smile as she slowly stood up and stumbled over to her clothes, which were still lying on the floor. 

"This isn't the last time we'll meet," Rebecca told Lucky as she pulled her shorts up her legs and hopped into them. "I need more of that."

Lucky honestly didn't know what came over him. He seemed to be getting better and better as sex at a rapid pace. He could almost feel what the women wanted. He could of swore that he felt what Rebecca had secretly desired. 

He put the thoughts out of his mind, for the two women were on their way back out of his bedroom and before long they were both out of the house with Cheryl's bag in hand. 

What had he gotten himself into?