 Dinner Guest

Lucky was setting in the hot bath water when he heard the front door open, followed by the sweet sounds of Cheryl's voice.

"I'm home," he heard her call as she closed the door behind her. He couldn't help but to smile at the sound of her voice. He still couldn't believe how great it was to be in such a good home after what he had been through. He was even having a difficult time remembering anything from his previous home at this point, which he thought was odd, but never the less he was happy and knew not to think about it too much.

He looked over as the door opened, and Cheryl stepped in with a wide grin on her face as she looked down at him. She walked over and set down on the edge of the tub before leaning her back against the wall.

"Today was crazy," she sighed as she closed her eyes. "First I left in such a hurry that I forgot my bag, but you already knew that much."

She let her hand drop into the water and her fingers started to lightly swirl little ripples next to his shoulder. She looked exhausted. 

"Then I almost messed up a client's entire case by switching two files on accident," she opened her eyes and looked down to Lucky with tired eyes. "I'm a lawyer by the way. I don't think I ever explained what I did for a profession."

"I'm sorry you had a rough day," he said honestly. He never wanted to see his master sad. Especially being such a nice and caring woman. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

That brought a slight smile to her face. Her hand slid over onto his shoulder and she gave him a slight squeeze before kicking her shoes off and dipping one of her feet into the water. 

"I can probably think of a few things," she giggled. "How was your day?"

"My day was fine," he explained with a forced smile. The guilt of what has been happening while she was away at work was driving him crazy. He didn't know of any way to stop Vicky, and now her friend claimed that she would be back as well. If he could find a way to tell Cheryl about them and not cause her to take him back to the adoption center, he would.

"I need to relax," she stated before lifting her ass slightly off the tub long enough to pull her pants and panties off. "I shouldn't be bringing the worries of work home with me."

Lucky could feel his erection began to grow as his master pulled her shirt and bra off and discarded them to the floor. Once she was completely naked, Cheryl slid off the side of the tub and into the hot water with her back to Lucky. He spread his legs to both sides of her. She leaned back and rested her head against his chest as the water rippled around her breasts.

"I'm so glad I have you Lucky," she sighed as she scooted back to where he could feel her lower back slide against his still growing cock. "Knowing that I have you waiting for me is enough to get me through days like today."

"I'm here for you Cheryl," he said and this time he didn't have to stop himself from saying master first. Things were starting to feel a bit more natural in his new home.

"I'm glad," she said as she turned her head and kissed the side of his neck. "I need something from you."

"Anything,' he explained. 

She stretched her arm behind her and he could feel her hand grip the shaft of his cock. She pulled it down and rose her ass up before pushing herself back a bit more until she was raised above his lap. She slowly sat down on his cock until he could feel himself fully inside of her womb. 

"I need this," she gasped as she began to shift her hips back and forth. "I need your cock."

Lucky laid his head back against the tub and enjoyed the massage that his master was giving his cock with her cunt. She started shifting her hips a bit faster as her breath became more and more out of control. Water began to splash out of the tub as her motions went from grinding her hips to hopping up and down. Her breath turned to moans as he grabbed her hips and began helping her by lifting her up and dropping her down.

Cheryl threw herself back against him as she began her orgasm, causing his cock to slip out. He reached around her and helped her finish with his fingers as she moaned and whined to a stop. Moments went by while she caught her breath with her head lying back on his neck and her chest rose and lowered a bit shallower and shallower as the moments dragged on.

"I needed that," she explained as she leaned forward and placed her hands on the side of the tub exposing her ass to him. "I'll get dinner started."

Lucky knew that he should let her out of the tub and dry off, but something came over him. He hadn't finished and something inside of him urged him to do just that. He leaned forward and slid his knees under him as his hands grasped his master's hips.

"What are you doing," she asked in what sounded like a mixture of shock and amusement. 

"Finishing," he explained in a stone cold tone before aiming his dick with her wet slit again. 

He could tell that she was about to say something, but hesitated as she could feel the tip of his rod push against her pussy. She acted as though she thought about resisting, but instead pushed her hips back to aid his shaft in entering.

Once inside, Lucky began pounding her immediately. He didn't start slow this time, there was no need. He just slammed his cock into her over and over again until her breathing became erratic again. She moaned and whined as he pushed so hard that it created a slapping noise that echoed throughout the small room. Water continued to splash out of the sides of the tub and started creating quite the large puddle on the floor.

"I don't know what came over you," Cheryl commented between chirps and moans. "But keep it up."

He gripped her hips so tightly that he was afraid that he might hurt her as he began using all of his strength to drive his cock into her womb as far, fast and hard as he could. His climax was coming soon and knew just what to do. He wouldn't hold it back this time. He knew that he just needed to finish.

"Wait," he heard her call out. "Did you hear that?"

Lucky stopped his motion and held his dick inside of her as he listened for what she was talking about. After a short few seconds he heard the sounds of the doorbell ringing. 

"Let's make a rain check on this," she said with a sigh just before stepping out of the tub, drying off and quickly throwing her work clothes back on. Within seconds she was out of the bathroom, leaving the door partially cracked by accident and Lucky figured he better get out and get dressed as well. As he stood up from the bathtub, he heard Vicky's voice as the two women greeted each other. He grabbed his towel and looked through the crack of the door to see Cheryl's back to him and Vicky looking over her shoulder in his direction with a smile.

"Lucky, we have company for dinner," he heard Cheryl call as he watched her dash into the kitchen to begin preparations.

As he tossed his towel into the hamper, the bathroom door pushed completely open to reveal a smiling Vicky standing in the doorway and eyeing him up and down. 

"Miss me," she whispered with a giggle.

"Now," he found himself asking out of shock. 

The redheaded woman stepped up to him and immediately grabbed his still rock hard dick with force. She pressed her open mouth to his lips and shoved her tongue in his mouth as she began jerking him off. He wanted to pull back but something inside of him wouldn't let him. It was just like when he wouldn't let Cheryl out of the tub. He had some instinct to have sex that was stronger than his will power as an individual. 

He pressed his hands against her shoulders and shoved her back against the bathroom wall as they continued their kiss. Vicky moaned to the force and threw one of her legs up and over his hips, inviting him to enter her with her hand aiming him to her pussy.

"I didn't wear any panties tonight," she teased as she pulled her face away from his and looked down. "How do you feel about that?"

Lucky answered her question by shoving his hips forward so hard and fast that his entire dick became submerged within her cunt in one motion, bringing a wail of pleasure to escape the busty woman's lips.

"You must be quiet," he demanded, never taking his eyes from her. He had no idea what was getting into him. Just earlier today, he was avoiding eye contact and answering submissively to every woman who even looked his way, but now he was acting like a maniac. What was he thinking? Why was he acting this way?

"Make me be quiet," she whispered, obviously extremely turned on. "Shut me up."

He placed his hand over her mouth and lightly squeezed as he pulled out and shoved himself back in her. She let out a muffled moan through his hand as he continued his rough motions. 

"Vicky," he heard Cheryl call out from the kitchen. "Want to help me?"

Lucky pulled his hand from her mouth and held still as his cock throbbed inside of her.

"I should go in there," she whispered with her eyes held wide. "Let's finish this later."

He pulled his dick from the woman's soaking wet cunt and gestured for her to go. When she complied, he put his clothes on and tried to compose himself before finally stepping out of the bathroom.

He set at the table with thoughts flying through his head. Desires mixed with needs rushed into him in a way that he had never known. He could hear the occasional laugh coming from the kitchen as the two worked on dinner. Something outside the dark window to the back of the dining room caught his eyes. It appeared to be a silhouette of a woman watching him. He stood up from the table and began to walk over when the figure quickly ran out of sight.

Before he had too much time to think about the figure, the kitchen door swung open with Cheryl and Vicky carrying plates out to the table. They both had wide grins on their faces as they laid the plates out.

Lucky set down at his plate and Vicky made a point to set direct beside him as Cheryl set down across from him like she normally did. He looked down at his plate to see a new dish laid out. Spaghetti and meatballs. He stabbed a meatball with his fork just as he felt a hand slide over his thigh and stop at his crotch. He glanced over to see Vicky leaning toward him while using her free hand to twirl some noodles onto her fork.

He could feel the pressure of his pants give as she undid his button and had no idea what to do with his master setting right across from him.

"I hate that you had a hectic day as you did," Vicky said, keeping complete composure in the tone of her voice just as he could feel her hand wrap around his cock and give a little squeeze. "I've had plenty of those for sure."

"It could have been worst," Cheryl stated as she smiled slightly toward Lucky. He wondered if she knew what was happening under table and maybe that's why she was smiling, but could then feel her foot slide up his leg and stop just shy of Vicky's hand. Her toes grabbed at the base of his zipper and her eyes widened slightly as she noticed that his pants were undone.

He thought this was it. He was busted and things were going to change for the worst, but Cheryl just pushed her foot a bit higher until he could feel her cold foot slide over his cock as Vicky shifted her hand around to the back of his shaft so not to touch her foot.

"I'm just glad that I caught the mistake before completely messing up my client's case," Cheryl continued as she began massaging his dick with her toes.

"That's a great way to look at it," Vicky agreed as her hand rubbed the back of his dick up and down over and over as her other hand still played with the same noodles on her fork. "I wish I could be that understanding at my job some days."

Lucky could feel his balls tighten and new that it wouldn't be long before he would cum. It must have been the awkward sexual tension with both woman playing with his dick at the same time that caused him to come to this state so quickly. 

"I'm just happy that," he started to say something supportive to his master when his dick exploded shot after shot of hot cum.

Vicky's shoulders gave a quick jerk to the sudden feeling of cum blasting on her hand and Cheryl's eyes widened as her foot was surely covered with his spunk as well. 

"I'm just happy that you came back home," Lucky finished as he felt both Vicky's hand and Cheryl's foot retreat back to where they were before. He could see Vicky making a small motion as she wiped his jizz from her hand onto the bottom of her dress before raising her hand to discreetly lick her fingers. Cheryl seemed to set completely still as she slowly smiled at him.

The rest of the dinner went by without incident. Lucky would look over to the window from time to time and could have swore he seen the same figure a couple of times during their dinner. The figure seemed to just be watching them. 

Once Vicky had left, Cheryl had asked Lucky to sleep in her room with her, which he of course agreed to. They lied in her bed with his master snuggled into his arms with one of her legs thrown over his lap and her hand dancing across his stomach and chest. 

"That was amazing earlier," she said as her fingers slid up to his neck. "The bathtub and the dinner table."

"I agree with that," he said with a smile. 

"You came all over my foot," she said with a little chuckle. "I didn't even know that was something that I was into, but I have to be honest..."

She shifted her head to where her mouth was against his ear. "I came when you did."

Lucky's smile grew wider as Cheryl drifted to sleep on his arm. He looked over to his side and could see the shadowed outlines of that same woman peeking in on him. As soon as he noticed her she darted from view. He tried to stay awake as he waited for her to return, but eventually let the void take him.