 Project Lucky

"How's he taking the altercation," a question formed from one of the fuzzy images of a woman as she approached him. "Are his vitals still healthy?"

"He seems to be excelling in every test our machine can throw at him," came another echoing voice from the side. She stepped into Lucky's view as another out of focus figure. This all seemed familiar in some strange way.

"How much longer until we can put him to the real test," the first woman asked. 

"Soon," the other woman answered. "After the others, I don't want to take any chances."

Lucky looked around the void but still couldn't make anything out beyond the gray and these two out of focus females in front of him. He could hear something new this time though. It sounded like the hum of a water pump. 

"Lucky," called the voice of Cheryl causing him to snap his eyes open in alarm. "Bad dream?" The concern on her face was enough to completely snap him out of any worries of his own void dream. 

"I'm fine," he stated with a small forced smile. "Did you sleep well?"

"I slept like a baby," she said with a wide smile on her face. "I just wanted to see you before I head to work today. I have two court cases in the morning and then I'll be in meetings with clients after that. It's going to be a late night at work for me."

"When will I see you again," he asked genuinely concerned about not seeing his master on this day. "Anything I can do to help?"

"Not today I'm afraid," she said as her smile faded away. "I'll be late if I don't leave right now. I just didn't want you to worry when I'm not back at my normal time. Have a great day and I'll see you sometime tonight."

With that, she gave him a light kiss on the lips and was out the door with a skip in her step. He watched her car drive until it was no longer in sight from his vantage point through the front window. 

He turned and started to walk toward the kitchen to fix himself some breakfast when something moving caught his eye. He looked up and could see a woman short brown hair staring at him from the other side of the glass. She didn't run from him this time, but merely smiled as their eyes met.

Lucky didn't know what to do exactly. He was still a male and even though he seemed to have a decent relationship with two women now, that didn't mean his status as a lesser being wasn't any less to others. The woman gestured toward the front door behind him with her head and walked out of view. He dashed toward the window to see where she was going but by the time he made it to the window she was nowhere to be seen.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door and he hurried over to answer it. As he opened the door he stood face to face with the woman from the window.

"We need to talk," she claimed as she walked in past him. "Close that door before someone sees me."

He quickly closed the door and turned to see the woman peeking into various rooms as if to make sure the coast is clear. She walked over to him and began poking and prodding him with her fingers as if she were inspecting a machine.

"It seems to have been a success I'm glad to say," she finally said as she stepped back from him and met his eyes with her own. "My name is Terra and I have so many things to tell you."

"Did my master send you," he asked even though he knew the answer to that already. She had been one of the women spying on him through the windows last night. He doubted Cheryl even knew who this woman was.

"No," she answered as she squinted her eyes. "And hopefully soon you will have no master."

"No master," he asked. "What do you plan to do with my master?"

"You are a human being just the same as she," the woman stated, dismissing his question entirely. "You are in no need of a master."

"I don't understand," he stated honestly. This woman seemed so very familiar to him, but he couldn't quite put his mind to it. 

"Soon you will," she explained as she approached him and placed one of her hands on his face like she felt sorry for him. "Soon."

Lucky was about to ask another question, but was stopped short of speaking by a firm kiss from the woman. He felt her hands run down his stomach and underneath his pants and underwear, lightly brushing her fingers with the base of his shaft, causing it to swell slightly. He could feel her tongue enter his mouth and placed his hands on her lower back as she pushed herself taller by standing on her toes.

"Take your clothes off Lucky," she ordered as she began to shift out of her own shorts. "And get ready to fuck me."

Lucky did as he was ordered and could feel his dick rub against the woman's stubble of her shaved pussy. She started to push him backwards while never removing her tongue from inside of his mouth. He was worrying about maintaining balance at the speed he was traveling back until he felt his back thighs hit the dining room table so hard and fast that he fell over on top of it. Tarra didn't miss a beat. Her mouth never left his as she used his momentum of the fall back onto the table to leap onto his lap with her legs on either side, one knee breaking a plate.

"We need this," she explained once she pulled her head away in order to pull her shirt off and toss it to the side. "The world needs this."

"I still don't understand," he admitted, but at this point he didn't really care. His cock was rock hard and he could feel the woman's slit rub against the backside of it. 

"You will," she said as she leaned up, grabbed his shaft and sat down on top of it, drawing a gasp from both of them.

White flash through Lucky's eyes and he thought he might pass out for a second. It felt like someone had hit him over the head with a baseball bat, bringing starts to his vision. The woman stifled a scream as she rose up and dropped down on his dick once more. 

Another flash of light.

The woman began groaning as she slung her hips up and down onto his shaft over and over again. 

Another flash of light. Only this time, he didn't immediately gain his vision back. He was back in the void. The two women figures, still blurry, were speaking with one another.

"You called for me," one woman asked in a familiar voice.

"Yes," the other woman stated as she adjusted her glasses and stared at something on a clipboard. "He's ready."

"Are you sure," she asked with hope in her voice. "He's the last one. The only survivor."

"I'm as sure as I'll ever be," the other stated with what sounded like happiness in her voice. "He's attuned to you, so there was no way of me conducting the final test without you here."

"Drain him," called the woman that seemed to be in charge.

His vision came back in and he could see that the woman on top of him was covered in sweat and seemed to be crying.

"Are you okay," he asked as he held onto her waist.

"Just shut up and fuck me," she ordered through labored breath.

A flash of white. Now he could hear the humming sound grow in volume, followed by liquid draining around him, causing his vision to clear. He was in some strange vertical tube of glass within a laboratory somewhere. The two women were still hard to make details out on due to the glass creating a strange magnifying effect to his vision.

"Hello Lucky," called the woman in charge. "I am the leader of a group of people with one goal in mind. We desire nothing more and nothing less than to free men from their position in life as slaves. Those that appose us declare us terrorists and now you are our most powerful weapon."

A strange hissing sound echoed through his chamber so loudly that he held his hands up to his hears to try and block out the sound. Finally the front of the tank began to slide down revealing the women to him in clear vision.

"I'm Terra," she continued. "But first thing's first, you need to fuck me."

He blinked and was once again in the dining room with Terra ontop of him. He still wasn't sure what was going on. In fact, he was more confused now than he was before. He didn't care at that moment. Something was coming over him. The same something from the last night with Cheryl and Vicky. He knew what he had to do and was pleased to do it.

"Hello Terra," he stated coldly as he slapped his hands down onto her asscheeks and slammed her down onto his cock with an animal like ferocity. 

She screamed out and scratched her nails down his chest, drawing red lines into his flesh. He scooted off of the table and stood up with his dick still jammed into her. She wrapped her legs around his waist and dug her nails into his back as he began pounding into her over and over again. Sweat splashed off of her face as he jarred her body up and down with his pounding. She began weeping into his shoulder as he felt her pussy tightening around him like it was thirsty and wanting his cum. 

He wouldn't disappoint. 

He slammed his cock into her one more time and shot his entire load into her womb, causing him to grow light headed and fall back onto the table with her still on top.

After a few moments, Terra finally spoke through raspy breaths.

"I have much to explain," she declared just before rising off of him and picking her clothes up off of the floor. He could then see that there was blood on the table. He looked down at the woman to see that her knee had been cut from the plate that she smashed.

"Let me bandage that up for you," he offered as he pulled his own clothes back on. "I'll be right back."

He returned with bandages and sat her down on one of the dining room chairs.

"What's going on," he asked as he held onto one side of the long bandage and began wrapping it around her knee. "I know that you are the leader of a terrorist organization. I know that you want to free men from our status in society, but I don't know how I fit into that."

"We are a worldwide organization," she began. "Every nation that we stretch to has its own leader. I am America's leader. Anyway, we all agreed to begin Project Lucky at the same time. We believed that we had the technology to create superhuman men with one extreme power."

"To have sex," he asked doubting her story.

"To cause women to fall in love with them through sex yes," she agreed. "It may sound ridiculous, but we surgically altered the chosen men's bodies in order to release a sort of toxin into the females that they have sex with through semen that would cause changes in their pheromoans."

"That does sound ridiculous," he agreed. "But it does seem to make sense. Every woman that I've had sex with since coming here has grown more and more obsessed with me."

"As they should," Terra stated with a smile. "You were staged to get adopted into this house as the first true test. Cheryl is a lawyer that works for a prominent law firm here in the states. They are about to take on a powerful client and we needed you to be able to get close to that client."

"Cheryl was nice to me before I had sex with her though," he stated quickly. "Is she a part of your team?"

"No," Terra answered. "At least not to her knowledge. Some women are sympathetic to men, but would never outwardly do anything to alter our present reality. She is a nice enough woman, but remember she did buy you like a piece of property."

"Right," he admitted as he closed his eyes. "What about the others?"

"What others," she asked looking at him curiously.

"The other men from the project," Lucky clarified. "In my dream, you said that I was the only survivor. Is that true?"

Terra stood up from her chair and walked over to the window she was in earlier. She stood in silence for what felt like an eternity.

"Yes," she finally answered with a sigh. "Every nation had two men put through the procedure, but in the end only you survived."

"So what does that mean for your project," he asked as he stood from his own chair and walked over to her. 

"You are the project now," she answered as she turned to face him once more. "You are the entire world's project now. You alone are Project Lucky."

Thoughts, worries and concerns raced through Lucky's head. How could he possibly make such a change to the entire world by himself? He was a mess and was still thinking like a piece of property due to his extensive life as a slave by his other master. Wait! His other master?

"How could I have went through this procedure if I went directly from my previous master to the Adoption Center," he asked while stepping back a few feet from the woman in front of him. "That doesn't make sense."

"We had to ensure that you would get picked by Cheryl," she began explaining as she stepped toward him. "We had to plant memories in you that would cause you to act naturally in a way that the woman we needed you to have actually chose you. I'm sorry, but you did agree to this before the operation."

"Who am I really," Lucky asked feeling as though he were having a heart attack. "What am I?"

"You are Lucky," she stated with pity on her face. "You are only Project Lucky. I'm sorry, but what we did was necessary and when we have finished, you will have saved the entire earth of this evil."

Lucky lowered his gaze in defeat. He had no idea what he was suppose to say to all of this and wasn't sure he'd do it even if he did know. He looked up to the woman to see that she was patiently waiting for his acceptance as she crossed her arms. Her facial expression was a mixture of sympathy and determination. 

"What do I need to do first," he asked as he held his head up and closed his eyes.