 From Within the Bushes

"We have a few connections to say the least," Terra began as she placed a hand on Lucky's shoulder for comfort. "We will eventually be able to arrange a meeting between you and a powerful congresswoman whose vote would mean we'd get the ball rolling."

She turned toward the dining room table and began picking up pieces of the broken plate. He noticed how absolutely gorgeous the woman was as the rays of the afternoon sun lit half of her body up while she worked. He shook his head to dismiss any current attractions he felt and focused more important business at hand.

"Cheryl is up for a promotion and will probably be invited to join her boss for a dinner," she explained as she wiped a rag across the surface of the table. "You'll be going with her. Her boss tends to have the men come along for labor, but your labor will be... different than the others."

"You need me to have sex with Cheryl's boss," he asked incredulously. 

"No," Terra laughed. "Cheryl's boss is a pawn who only serves as a way of getting to two people of importance. Congresswoman Barbara Jones will be a target you reach later, but your next mission is a woman by the name of Jean Steller."

"Who is Jean Steller," he asked as he approached her and pushed one of the dining room chairs back in place.

"She is a reporter with great reach," she explained while gently dropping the broken plate into the trash can. "The public hangs on every word that woman has to say. If anyone can get the people thinking about our cause, it will be her."

"How am I supposed to get close enough to her to have sex with her," he asked with doubt in his voice.

"You already set that in motion," she teased as she poked him in the stomach. "Your little friend Vicky was talking with her yesterday and just wouldn't shut up about you. Jean is already curious about using you for a story."

At that very moment, the front door started to open, causing Terra to jump out of sight, putting her back to the kitchen wall. Lucky's heart stopped as he seen Rebecca step into the house with an evil grin on her face. Terra's eyes went wide as she realized that she was backed into a corner and no way of hiding if the woman stepped into the dining room.

"Hi Rebecca," Lucky quickly shouted as he rushed toward her in an attempt to keep the woman from walking any further into the house. "What brings you here?"

"Don't talk to me like that," She snapped as she slapped him across the face. "I think you know why I'm here."

Lucky didn't budge from the slap, but merely smiled back at the woman as he scanned her from head to toe. She had her thick black hair tied back in a ponytail to keep from her eyes and from the appearance of her tight yellow top and black yoga pants along with the moisture shining off of her dark skin she must have used an afternoon jog as an excuse to come here.

"Well," she asked with one raised eyebrow. 

Without another thought, he reached down and pulled his dick out of his pants, already hard and ready for her. Her eyes sparked with lust as she looked down. He placed his other hand on top of her head and pushed down until she dropped to her knees and placed her lips to the bottom of his shaft. She began kissing up his dick and then down toward his balls with her tongue sliding out of her mouth from time to time before reaching the tip and taking him in her mouth. 

She pushed her head forward until his dick hit the back of her throat, then pulled back until it plopped out and dropped onto her chin as she looked up at him with a smile. He smiled as he lifted his rod back up against her lips again. 

"Keep going," he ordered and to his surprise, she complied with a passion.

She began working her head back and forth, taking his cock in as far as she could before pulling almost all the way out again. He placed one of his hands against the wall to help hold him steady while his other hand pushed the back of her head. She gagged as he pushed harder and harder, causing his pulsating cock further and further into the back of her throat until he pushed so hard that she swallowed all of him.

He grabbed a fist full of her hair and pulled her head off of him, leaving a stream of saliva and pre-cum from her bottom lip to the tip of his dick. She smiled at him and he shoved her head back onto his cock so hard that she immediately took him down her throat with a loud gulp. Once again, he pulled her head back off of him as her eyes slightly closed and her lips were wide open as she took a deep breath.

"Don't stop," she said through a hoarse voice. "Fuck my mouth until you cum!"

"As you wish," he said with his own evil smile right before tightly grabbing her hair and shoving her mouth onto his cock and thrusted his hips back and forth. He continued to fuck her mouth through her moans and gags as the mixture of saliva and pre-cum ran down her chin and splatter over the sides of her mouth. She stretched her hand down into her pants and began masterbating to the same motion that he was fucking her mouth.

He looked over his shoulder to see Terra leaning from behind the wall to get a look at what he was doing and the sight of her caused a jolt of energy to rush through him. He let go of the wall and grabbed two handfuls of Rebecca's hair as he power fucked her mouth over and over, harder and harder, until he felt his balls tighten. He let go of her hair with one hand and wrapped it around his cock with a squeeze just as he pulled out of her mouth and shot his load. Stream after stream of cum stretched up and shined on her dark face as she kept her mouth open to collect as much as she could. 

After he drained his dick completely, he let go of her hair and stepped back. She sat on her knees with a wide eyed look on her face for a moment before wiping as much off as she could with her hands and standing up.

"That was unexpected," she admitted. "Sometimes I love not getting exactly what I want. It makes me realize that I don't always know what's best."

She turned toward the door and placed her hand on the knob just before turning her head to get one last look at Lucky.

"I'm looking forward to our next meeting," she purred before stepping out the door and closing it behind her.

"That was close," Terra called from around the corner. "That was quick thinking on your part."

"Thanks," he said as he walked over to look at her. She was leaned against the wall still, although appeared to be a bit more relaxed now that the initial threat was gone.

"I should go before we get anymore interruptions," she said with a quick smile just before walking toward the same door Rebecca just exited. "I seen that woman walk down the street through the window there. I can slip out unnoticed if I leave now."

"Do you have to go," Lucky asked desperately. 

"Oh, you can't get rid of me that easily," she teased as she turned to see his face. "I'll be back for sure. We still have a lot of work to do."

With that, his only connection to reality was gone and he was once again alone in the house. 

He paced around the house for a few hours with his mind wandering a million miles per hour. He couldn't stop thinking about what he was going to be going through. Sex was fun. He couldn't deny that, but what he worried about was the way that Terra made it sound. The world depended on his performance. So many people were depending on him to do something that he didn't even fully understand himself. 

He was able to make women fall in love with him through sex? He had the ability to cloud women's minds by fucking them? None of it made any sense to him, but he knew what he had experienced to this point and the strangeness of it couldn't be denied. He kept trying to play it in his mind to where it was some kind of elaborate joke played on him, but there were too many missing pieces for that. This had to be the real deal.

The hours went by faster than Lucky had realized, for before too long he heard the front door open and a very tired but happy Cheryl stepped inside.

"Guess what," she started with pure excitement in her tone. "I'm getting a promotion!"

She made a strange squeaking noise of happiness before running over and wrapping her arms around Lucky. She looked up into his eyes with a giant toothy smile. 

"Congratulations," he stated in a happy tone. "I'm so happy for you."

"We were both invited to my boss's house for a party," she was almost shouting in excitement. "It's tomorrow night and there are going to be a lot of powerful women there! This is so great Lucky!"

Lucky smiled at her, but the thoughts of his responsibilities the next night flooded through his head. Many questions came to him. How would he know who Jean was if he wasn't allowed to speak directly to women? How would he begin having sex with her? Would she even want to at the event or would he have to lure her into inviting him to her house at some point? If he were invited without Cheryl's knowledge then how would he even get there?

"Don't worry," Cheryl's voice brought him out of his thoughts. "You are there as mine and only mine darling. You won't have to do any labor for any of the other women."

He forced a smile on his face. She had no idea what he was worrying about. He wished that was the extent of his concerns at this point. He leaned his head down and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead and followed it with a hug.

"You are too kind to me," he stated as she melted into his arms. 

"I'm tired, but I'm afraid I'm too excited to be able to sleep tonight," she stated as she pushed back from Lucky's hold a bit. "Let's go for a walk through the neighborhood."

Before long, the two were walking down the streets surrounding her home. She lived in a suburban area right outside the part of the city where the buildings began to stretch to the clouds. She went on and on, talking about her firm and the wonderful things her boss had told her at work that night. She continued to talk about some of the people who were going to be at the party and most of it just went in one ear and out the other until he heard Jean get brought up.

"Jean," he asked as they turned toward another street.

"Jean Steller," She went on. "She's a big reporter that's going to be there. She's not working as far as I know. Just a friend of my boss attending an invitation. She's nothing you need to worry about. I doubt she'll even pay attention to any men there." 

As they approached another intersection, a woman came jogging from around the corner, causing her to stop in alert. Her tense body caused Lucky to stiffen in alarm as the jogging woman turned toward them. She was heading their way, but hadn't seemed to notice them yet.

"Quick," Cheryl whispered as she pushed Lucky into the yard and ducked down behind a hedge bush to hide from the jogger. "Hide here."

"What's wrong," he asked as he heard the jogging woman's feet patting the pavement closer to them. "Are you in trouble?"

"No," Cheryl giggled softly. "I hate that woman. I just don't want to ruin the night by having to speak with her. Her name's Rebecca. She works with Vicky and we don't exactly get along."

Maybe it was the fact that they were hiding from someone as they were lying in the grass. Maybe it was the fact that it was night and the area was foreign to Lucky. Maybe it was that the woman that Cheryl was hiding from just happen to the be the same woman that he had just mouth fucked earlier. Whatever the reason, his dick began to grow into an erection. 

Cheryl's eyes went wide as she looked around the yard through the openings of the hedge bushes they were hiding in. Once the shock seemed to shift from her face, something closer to excitement took over.

"We have to be really quiet," she whispered as she wiggled her pants down around her ankles and kicked them off of one foot. He worked his pants down as his dick flipped up and smacked her ass as he tried to kick them off of his ankles as well. She pressed her lips to his and he guided his hand up her shirt to get a handful of one of her breast just before lightly pinching one of her nipples.

She lifted up slightly and lowered down onto his dick, surrounding him with her warmth. The two stifled their moans as best they could as she worked her hips up and down slowly. The front door to the house next to them opened and the porch light came on. It felt like a spotlight had been turned on, but as the woman walked down her porch steps and stopped just a few feet from the couple, they knew they hadn't been spotted yet. 

"Rebecca," the woman called, causing the jogger to stop and walk up to her. "I've been trying to get ahold of you."

"Oh hey Nancy," Rebecca's voice called back. "What's up?"

Cheryl looked terrified as she looked back toward Lucky. He didn't know what else they could do so he did the first thing that came to his mind. He grabbed her by the ass and shoved his cock deeper into her pussy, causing her to bite her lip to stop a scream.

"I need a rental for next week," the woman in the yard said. "I'm having company over for week and don't have a spare. You think you could help me out?"

"You don't believe in giving a woman time do you," Rebecca teased back.

Lucky worked his master up and down on his cock as she pressed her face into his chest to muffle her moans. She felt so good to him. Her pussy continued to squeeze his cock with every inch of penetration. The shadows cast by the two women standing against the porch light shifted around through the bushes as he quietly pounded his cock into Cheryl.

"I know," the woman admitted apologetically. "I hate to bring it up last notice like this, but I didn't know until last night."

"I'll see what I can do," Rebecca stated and the woman started back toward her house.

"Thanks hun," she said to Rebecca before re entering her house and turning off the porch light.

Lucky wrapped one of his hands further around Cheryl's ass and pressed the tip of his finger against her asshole, causing her to let out a faint whelp. The noise was enough to cause Rebecca's shadow to turn. There was just enough light from a nearby streetlamp that he could see her staring directly at them as she started smiling. She turned and started jogging back down the road the same direction she was heading originally and the two were once again alone.

"Let's get out of here," Cheryl whispered as she started pulling herself up and off of his cock. "We can finish this at the house where we can't get caught."

"Where's the fun in that," Lucky teased with a smile as he rolled them both over onto their sides, spinning her around so she lied on her side with her back to him. He reentered into her with a single ramming motion, engulfing his cock in her pussy once more. She turned her head to look back at him. He couldn't make out her facial expression, but the sounds of her breathing let him know that she was into it. 

"Want to try something different," he asked as he rubbed his hand down her back.

"What'd you have in mind," she whispered back at him.

He pulled her hips back and pushed her head a bit further away as he pulled out of her slit. He then grabbed his cock and pushed the tip against her asshole, causing her to tense and throw her hand behind her.

"Wait," she whispered with a bit of urgency in her tone. 

He didn't push any further, but didn't pull away either. It was up to her. If she didn't want to take him in that way then he wouldn't press the issue, but she would have to tell him. After a few moments went by and she didn't move nor say anything else, he pushed a bit. She tensed again, but still didn't say anything. He pushed a bit harder and could feel her hand reach back to press against his stomach. He stopped pushing and waited for her to relax once more. 

Barking sounded off as a dog came running from another yard directly toward the two inside the bushes, which startled Cheryl. She jumped back toward Lucky, causing the pressure of his dick against her asshole to be too much resulting in her impaling herself onto him. She screamed out loudly and the dog began growling and barking madly. 

The porchlight came back on as the woman from the house stepped out again.

"Get outta my yard you damned mutt," she screamed as she stepped off of the porch toward the dog. It barked a few more times, but ran as the woman approached.

The two lied completely still as his dick throbbed inside of her asshole and the neighbor looked around for whatever the dog had been barking at. He could feel her asshole tightening around him and when he tried to pull out, she wrapped her arm behind her and placed her hand on his ass to stop him from pulling. She looked behind her at him with partially opened lips and that's when he noticed that she was masterbating to the pulse of his dick in her ass.

The woman walked around her yard and at one point, she even stood right above the two, but then gave up with another curse to the dog and turned the porch light off once more. Cheryl arched her back and he could feel her ass loosen around his cock enough to make movement again. He slowly pulled out, but when it was down to the tip of his dick she pushed herself back to slowly take him in again.

Her soft whispered moans occasional turned to louder whimpers as he continued to slowly fuck her ass as she fingered herself. He could hear the wet sounds of her fingers twisting and flicking inside of her pussy, which caused his own orgasm to approach.

He grasped her hip with one hand and grasped the back of her head with the other as he pushed himself deep inside of her asshole one last time before exploding. She must have felt it, for her moans turned to one long one and her body began shaking as her own orgasm followed. 

After they were finished, they pulled their pants back on and quickly stepped back out into the street. They quickly and quietly walked back home, not saying another word until she closed the door behind them.

"That was amazing," she shouted once they were in the house. "I don't know what made you think of that, but wow!"

"I don't know either," he stated with a goofy smile on his face. "It just seemed like the thing to do."

"That hurt like hell for a moment," she admitted as she rubbed her ass. "That damned dog!"

She must have received the exercise that she needed, because Cheryl fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow. The last thoughts to enter Lucky's head before he too fell asleep were of happiness and excitement.

I need to get that dog a treat.