 To Party or not to party?

"Why would tell her about him," Lucky awoke to the sounds of Cheryl yelling from outside of her room. He rolled over and placed his arm on the empty bed. 

"Why are you so determined to hide him," he heard the familiar voice of Vicky call back with a determined voice to match Cheryl's anger. "You have a gift for a man, and I'm telling you that he could mean something bigger than you're giving him credit for."

"He's not yours to control," Cheryl shot back. "He's mine."

Lucky could guess what they were arguing about at this point. Terra told him that Vicky had been talking with the reporter about him who had caught her attention. Vicky had probably come by to give her friend a heads up on what events might take place that night at the party.

"You're right," he heard Vicky sigh in admission. "But maybe it's not right for him to be anybody's. Hell Cheryl, you're the one who use to talk about it night being right and now here you are on the other side of the fence as soon as you buy your own."

"He's mine Vicky," Cheryl stated pointedly. "Why do you care about this subject so much all of a sudden. Your job revolves around men being owned and has never said anything even close to this before."

There was a long silence before he heard Vicky respond.

"I've got to know him while training him and he's helped me realize what we are doing," she explained. "I'm not trying to hurt you."

"Well you did," Cheryl shot back. He could hear the front door open and then close again a few moments before the door to her bedroom opened and she stepped in. "Did you hear all that?"

"I heard some," he admitted. "I don't want to cause trouble for you."

She seemed to be on the verge of tears as she walked over and sat down on the bed next to him as he sat up. She looked off as if she was looking at something beyond the walls of her room for a long moment before finally speaking again.

"You're not going to the party tonight," she stated with a nod of determination. "You'll have to stay here tonight. I'm sorry, but that's just the way it has to be."

"I understand," he said as he looked away from his master and out the window where Terra had been spying on him. He wasn't sure what he expected, but Terra would know what to do here. He had no idea how to bypass the order. He didn't think he'd be able to talk her into changing her mind. Was it mission failure so early?

"You are mine," she stated as she turned to look into his eyes."You are mine and I will keep you that way."

Lucky looked deeply into her eyes and could see how much her words actually meant to her at that moment. It would take an army to pull him away from her and he didn't have an army. A large part of him didn't want to go anyway. He was quite content being with his master. She was kind to him, and he really enjoyed having sex with her almost daily. He smiled back at her as he placed his hand on her knee.

"I wouldn't have it any other way," he stated in a whisper causing a small tear to fall from her eye and run down her cheek. He slid his finger across her cheek to catch her tear, which drew her face closer to his until their lips were connected in a passionate kiss.

"I always thought it was crazy when I read about women who fell in love with men in the history books," she said as she pulled her face back and rested her head to his with her forehead."But I think I'm actually falling in love with you."

Lucky's eyes shot wide open from her words. Falling in love with a man?! That was something he had never heard of. Men were property. Men were toys. Men were tools. Men were not of the same value as women so how could she think she was falling in love with him? Project Lucky was supposed to confuse women into thinking he was great. It was supposed to create a false simulated love, but for a woman to come out and say it was near treason to the current world.

"I'm sorry," she said as she turned her head from him. "I bet I sound like a completely insane person." 

She started to get up from the bed and walk away, but Lucky grabbed her wrist and held her in place. She turned to look into his eyes once more. He could see the moisture in her eyes swelling up and pulled her into his arms. He squeezed her gently as she began to cry into his chest.

"What's wrong with me," she cried as he began stroking her back. "What am I going through?"

"I think the real question is," Lucky began. "What's wrong with the rest of the world."

She stopped crying as she pulled back from him and looked into his eyes. Wonderment spread across her face as she studied him. She slowly began to smile as she wiped the tears from her cheeks.

"You are incredible," she laughed as she stood from the bed. "Thank you for being here."

"Thank you for buying me," he corrected with a smile. Maybe he could convince her otherwise. She stared down at him for a moment before walking out of the room.

Once Cheryl had closed her bedroom door behind her, Lucky once again looked out the window again. Terra would be proud of him. He wished she were there. He wanted to see her again just out the window if nothing else. 

"Breakfast is ready," Cheryl called from the dining room, causing Lucky to walk out and meet her. 

She had a smile on her face as she placed his plate of eggs and bacon down before setting in her own seat. She gestured for him to come set down.

"I need to get some chores out in town done before the party tonight and I won't have time to make it back here before leaving," she began as she took a bite of eggs from her fork. "I'm sure you'll be fine here, but just wanted to let you know."

She really meant to not let him go. Thoughts of what he could say raced through his mind and he even almost started to say something when he looked up to see her staring at him as if that's exactly what she was expecting. She had a look of almost anger as she readied herself for a comeback. That's when he knew that nothing he could say would change her mind.

Terra might not be as proud of him as he had hoped.

"I understand," he said as he took a bite of eggs and acted as though he had nothing else to really say on the matter. "I just hope you have a good time."

"I'm sure I will," she stated. She stared at him for a few moments longer as if still waiting for him to try to get her to let him go before her facial expression shifted to confusion.

The rest of breakfast went without much being said. Cheryl made small talk and Lucky tried his best to keep up with matters he didn't know much about. His primary role was to be supportive and he played that role out perfectly. Once the plates were finished, he carried them into the kitchen and began washing them.

"Let's not mention the love thing to anyone," Cheryl said as she entered the kitchen, causing him to jump. He was lost in his own mind and didn't hear her come in behind him. "Not that I regret saying anything, it's just that I really can't afford for people to start thinking I'm crazy."

"Do you mean it," he asked as he turned from the last clean plate to look at her. "Do you love me?"

A long pause seemed to stretch for an eternity before Cheryl spoke.

"Yes," she admitted before looking from his eyes. "At least I think so. I don't know. I'm so confused. Maybe it's the promotion or the hectic days at work lately. Maybe it's because I've never owned a man before. Everything is so crazy now."

Lucky leaned back on the sink as he looked at his master. He was trying to get a read on her, but couldn't seem to understand anything about her. She looked up and walked over to him, pressing her body against his and squashing him against the sink.

"I can't stop thinking about last night," she said with a suggestive grin on her face. "That's one thing I know."

He placed his arms around her back and squeezed both of her asscheeks with his hands as he returned her smile. She breathed heavily as her lips pressed against his once more.

"I don't have time now," she whispered in disappointment as she pulled away from him. "But after I'm back from the party, maybe we can repeat last night. At least in here. I don't want to roll around in the neighbor's yard again for a while."

They both shared a laugh as she started to walk out of the kitchen. He followed her as she gathered her things and started for the door. Before opening the front door, she turned to meet his gaze once more.

"Tonight," she repeated with that same smile.

"I can't wait," he responded honestly.

With that, she was gone and out into the city to complete her chores for the party. Lucky sat down at the dining room table, staring at the spot where he and Terra had sex. What was he going to do? He didn't know where Cheryl's boss lived even if he could be caught out without his master. There was nothing that he could think of that would rectify the situation.

"You look lost," he heard Vicky call from behind him.

"Vicky," he shouted in surprise. "I didn't know you were coming by."

"I came by to help," she explained as she sat in the chair next to him. "You need to go to that party and I'm going to make sure you get there."

"What about my master," he asked as he looked over to see her looking more serious than he had ever seen her.

"Cheryl must not know," she admitted with a sigh. "We'll have to sneak in through the back. I've already told Jean of the situation and to be honest, I think that the sneaking you in has really intrigued her."

"Why," he asked. "Why do you want this?" He knew what the rebel group wanted, but he also knew that Vicky wasn't a part of the group and didn't know the plan. Her motives were a puzzle to him.

"I don't know," she admitted with a sigh as she looked out the window straight ahead. "Meeting you has created so much chaos in my head. I use to think things were simple, but not anymore."

"Things have never been simple," he said without thinking. Vicky was staring at him as if she had something she wanted to say, but just shook her head and looked back out the same window.

"I'm taking you to meet Jean," she stated. "That's my part. Once I've done that, my part's over. Once I'm done, you probably won't see me again."

Lucky looked over at her in amazement. He had grown used to seeing her often and didn't expect her to just leave him.

"Where will you be going," he asked her. She was still staring out the window and her face seemed to be painted with sorrow.

"I can't take this step and keep the same life I'm living," she began. "My life here in the city revolves around putting men in their place. If I go through with this..."

She looked over at Lucky with determination and a smile before sliding off of her chair and toward the floor. She spread his legs apart enough to push her body up to him as she unbuttoned his pants.

"I want some more of you before it's too late," she stated as he could feel her hands slip into his pants and pull out his cock.

She smiled one more time up at him before placing her lips on his shaft, causing him to swell into full attention. She slid her tongue up and down as he threw his head back to the erotic sensation.

"Where will you be going,' he asked before gasping as he felt himself suddenly surrounded by her mouth as her tongue danced around him.

She worked her mouth around him as she rose and lowered her head, following every motion with a torque of her hand on his base. She worked furiously on him as he gently placed his hand on the back of her head. Sounds of wet slapping wet were driving him crazy. He could feel his balls swelling and gripped the back of her head, pulling her from him. She looked up in surprise to his resistance as her mouth remained open.

"Take off your panties," he ordered. She didn't look away from his eyes and he didn't let go of her hair, but she wiggled around until one of her hands reached up to him with her panties in her grasp.

"What now," she asked with a quiver in her voice.

"If this is to be our last time," he began with a calm and stone cold voice. "I don't want to finish in your mouth."

He pulled her to her feet by her hair before letting go and spinning her around to face away from him. He put his knees together and hiked the bottom of her red dress up above her plump ass before pulling her back with her legs spread to either side of his. She gasped as he pulled her down on his cock, filling her soaking wet pussy with his meat.

She began lifting herself up and dropping with her legs as he felt her warmth smother him with a heavy repetition. She set back on him and threw her head next to his as he reached around and started rubbing her clit with his fingers. She moved her body like waves from the deep-sea with every rub. Her breathing grew heavy and he could feel her asscheeks tightening and relaxing as he smiled.

"I'm going to miss this," she said softly. "I can't believe what I'm about to do."

"It will be worth it in the end," he whispered back as he could feel her tighten around him as her body was about ready to orgasm. "I'll make sure of that."

He could feel his shaft grow and his balls tighten once more.

"Let's cum together," he whispered. "Ready?"

"Oh God yes," she moaned as her body continued to roll. "Fill me with your love."

There was that word again. Love. That was such a strange thing to hear coming from any woman at any point when coming from a woman and speaking of a man. He heard it coming from two women in one day. Strange times indeed.

He threw his head back as he felt his cock explode into her womb, causing her to scream out in pure ecstasy as her body stiffened and jerked every which way.

After a few moments of catching her breath, Vicky lifted herself off of his cock, as cum seemed to pour from her and run down her inner thigh. She pulled her dress back down and pulled her panties up as he buttoned his pants and stood up and walked over to her from behind. He wrapped his arms around her and gave her a gentle squeeze. She pressed her arms to his and placed her head back on his shoulder.

"We need to get going soon," she stated as she walked toward the door. "Are you ready?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," he admitted with a shrug. He wasn't sure what he was going to do. He wasn't sure how he was going to even get back before Cheryl returned. How was he suppose to stay hidden? He didn't even know what Jean looked like. He didn't know if she would want to have sex with him.

There was so much that he didn't know.

Before long, Lucky and Vicky were on their to the party in her car. The sky was already dark and the stars were out. He looked over to see her staring out the side of her window as the auto driving car stopped at another red light.

"Do you have any idea what you're going to do after this," he asked, breaking the silence.

"I was raised on a farm," she answered after a long pause. "I may go back home for a while until I figure my life out. The problem is that we have mostly men working for us at the farm. Maybe I can convince my mother to see things my way.."

"You are a very smart and convincing woman," he stated. "You'll be a key player in convincing others to think our way."

"And what exactly is your way," she asked, turning to face him. "I'm doing this for you and changing my entire life and I never thought to ask you for your own opinion."

Lucky looked away from her and out his own window. That was a valid question. He hadn't really thought about it. He only knew what Tara had told him. All he knew was what others wanted him to do, but what did he really think about this freedom.

"I'm not sure, to be honest with you," he admitted after he realized that a few minutes looking out a car window wouldn't help solidify an opinion. "All I know is what others want of me."

"That's not going to be good enough Lucky," she said. He could feel her hand press down on his shoulder and turned to look back at her. "You are going to have to discover what you want for yourself before it's over. You should have that before you even start, but it's too late for that now."

"You're right," he said as he ran through his thoughts once more. What would freedom be like? What would it be like to be able to do what he wanted, when he wanted?

"You're a great guy," she said before looking down and lowering her eyebrows in thought. "I think. To be honest, I don't really know much about you."

"You never asked," he stated, causing her to look back up at him. "You can't know something about someone until you actually speak with that person. This is the first time that you've actually spoken with me and not just to me."

"I'm sorry," she said as she leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek. "We're here."

The car pulled up the hill to a mansion with what appeared to be a hundred other cars parked around. There seemed to be an endless amount of women walking up to the large front doors and taking their coats off as their men lined up outside a smaller house just below.

"The back door is over there," she said as she pointed toward a darkened part of the house. That's where you'll go in. Jean promised that she'd take you back before Cheryl had a chance to leave, so don't worry about that."

Lucky opened the car door and stepped out. The night air was cold and he could see his own breath. It was much colder than the previous night. He bent down and looked back into the car.

"You're not coming in," he asked. Vicky shook her head and looked up into his eyes.

"It's better this way," she admitted with a forced smile. "Good luck."

"I have to have it," he stated with a chuckle. "It's in my name."

With that Vicky's car drove off, leaving him alone in the shadows surrounded by cars. He looked ahead to the door that Vicky pointed out and with a shrug, began walking toward it. He wasn't sure what he was going to say or even what to expect once he entered the house. Would there be women there wondering why a man just walked into the house? Would there be questions?

With another shrug, he took a step toward his future.