 Come feel the fire with me

Being careful to stay in the shadows of the night, Lucky made his way toward the back door of the mansion. He kept his eyes glued toward the line of women entering the front door until they were no longer in sight. He breathed a slight breath of relief as he walked up to the door and reached his fist up to knock.

Fear, doubt, and concern filled him once more as his knuckles smacked the door a few times. How was he supposed to introduce himself? A man walking around to the back door of the mansion wasn't exactly something most women would be pleased about. This could go wrong immediately in so many ways.

The door opened and a warm breeze from inside escaped the house and washed over him as a tall and skinny woman with long black hair, pulled back into a ponytail stared at him with a cross expression.

"I assume you're Lucky," she stated with disdain in her tone. "Hurry up and come in. You're letting the cold in."

Lucky stepped into the house and looked around. He could see a large table along with a washer and dryer stacked in the corner. The room smelled of clean linen. The tall woman shut the door behind him and walked into the center of the room before turning to look him in the eyes.

"Well," she asked as if expecting something of him.

He walked up to her, thinking this was his chance. The woman didn't look anything like he was expecting. He was picturing Jean Stellar to be a bit more traditionally pretty since she was on tv every night. Not that this woman wasn't attractive at all. She wore a long black coat that was unbuttoned, revealing her small black blouse underneath. She wore khaki pants and white tennis shoes. She appeared to not be wearing any makeup and her nose was red from the cold.

"What are you doing," she asked in a demanding voice as she started to step back from him. He placed his hand on her lower back and stepped closer until he pressed his lips to hers. This was it. He had to make this right. There was no turning back now. She tried to say something as he slid his hand down to grab her ass while he stabbed his tongue into her mouth. She parted her lips and let out a soft moan as her body seemed to relax to his advances.

"Ok then," she whispered as she shrugged her coat off to the floor, revealing her blouse to be sleeveless. She started to undo her pants in a rush as he worked his lips to her neck. "We have to hurry though." She seemed to be afraid of being caught for some reason.

She pulled her pants down and began kicking at one foot to shake the leg loose. Her mouth pressed against his once more and he could feel her tongue slide into his this time. He reached back around and grasped her ass with his hand to pulled her body closer to his. She moaned as he let his fingers slip around to rub her from outside her black silky panties.

He could feel her hair tickling the side of his shoulder as she began fumbling with his pants in trying to unbutton them. Her fingers were cold to the touch at first but quickly warmed up as she managed to grab his cock and release it.

"Fuck me," the woman ordered through deep breaths of anticipation as she pulled her panties off and hopped back on the folding table. She spread her legs and gestured for him to approach, which he did.

"Hurry," she whispered again as she once again grabbed his cock and pulled it toward her wet cunt. "We have to be quick."

He pressed his lips to hers and slowly pushed his hips forward until he felt her warmth start to surround the tip of his cock. She moaned outwardly as he started to push himself further inside of her.

He couldn't believe how easy this was. He was starting to laugh at himself for how much he was worried.

Soon, he was completely filling her up with his meat. She lied back on the table and wrapped her legs around his waist as he began to slowly pull back out. She seemed to be in complete ecstasy as he pushed back into her. Her back arched as he pulled back again, her breathing quickened and moans began to escape her lips by the time he was pushing back in.

"I'm cumming," she whispered before he could see the muscles in her legs and stomach quiver. She moaned and softly threw her head from side to side as he held his cock inside of her.

Already? He didn't expect it to be so fast. The woman must have been pretty uptight to have cum so quickly. He just smiled to himself and started to continue his slow motions of pulling out and pushing back in.

"Amanda," he heard a voice call out in shock from behind him. "What are you doing!?"

He turned to see a blond woman of average height standing in the open doorway staring at the both of them in shock.

"Ms. Stellar," the woman having an orgasm on Lucky's cock shouted out of shock and embarrassment. "I'm so sorry!"

So this wasn't Jean Stellar after all?

He looked at the woman on the table and back to the woman in the doorway. She looked for fitting for what he was imagining. She had a Gray toboggan that covered the top part of her dirty blond hair. She wore a buttoned-up brown coat with white fur trimmings around the neck and wrists that stopped at her waist. Her thick gray leggings showed the figure of her ass and legs all the way down to her almost knee-high brown fur boots.

She was staring a hole into him with her bright green eyes and a strange mixture of anger and intrigue on her face. She raised one eyebrow as if waiting for something. That's when he realized that his throbbing dick was still inside the woman on the table. He quickly pulled out of her, causing the woman to chirp as she jumped up and began pulling her pants back up.

"I see you've met Amanda," Jean stated with half a smile as she watched her run over to her coat. "She's my assistant. I'm Jean Stellar."

Lucky couldn't believe how much he'd screwed up already. Here he was laughing at how easy it was when he had probably made things a lot more difficult for himself.

"I'm sorry," he quickly said as he buttoned his pants again and walked over to her. He started to say something, but couldn't think of a proper thing to say. What do you say in this situation? Was there even a protocol for something this moronic?

"It's fine," she seemed to be holding back a small chuckle. "Amanda, go to the party and mingle for me will you?"

"Yes ms. Stellar," Amanda ran around behind Jean as quickly as she could.

"You certainly know how to make a first impression," Jean stated with a quick laugh as she turned her head to watch Amanda disappear through another doorway and into the party. "She hates men with a passion usually."

She turned back to face Lucky and her smile slowly disappeared.

"Let's borrow the office here," she said as she turned to walk further into the house. "It's too cold in here for me and we need to get this interview started."

Lucky followed behind her as she led him further around the house and away from the noises of the people in the party. He studied her from behind as he followed. She carried a sweet smell of flowers from her perfume and her ass was appeared round and firm. He wanted to reach out and grab her but held his urges back. He couldn't get a read on what she wanted exactly so following her in silence was his best option at the moment.

Finally, the woman opened a door and gestured for him to follow her in. She shut the door behind them and sat down in a chair while nodding toward another chair directly across from hers. He sat down and it seemed as though she was studying him the same as he was studying her a moment ago.

"Vicky has told me a lot about you," she started as she pulled a small notebook from her coat pocket and began writing something on a page. "She says you have something special about you."

"Vicky is too kind," he stated as he looked away for a second. Was Vicky really leaving? He felt a sting of sadness enter him as the thought entered. He wasn't sure why he was so sad about it. He barely knew her, but maybe his ability was working in reverse as well.

"Not really," Jean corrected. "Vicky is one of the biggest man haters I've ever met and yet you did something to change her. That's what got me interested in this interview."

She was staring at him with her bright green eyes again. It seemed as though she was trying to read him, but eventually gave up on that attempt and started writing something her notebook again. She took her toboggan off, shaking her hair free as she started unbuttoning her coat.

"It's toasty in here," she explained as she shrugged her coat off and laid it on the back of the chair.

She reached her arms toward the ceiling and stretched her back. Lucky took a note of her perky breasts that seemed to attempt to push right out of her gray sweater. She settled her arms back down as she tossed her notepad to the floor next to her. She looked over to the side and he could see a red glow shining off of her pale skin from the roaring fireplace that he hadn't noticed until right then. She really was a beautiful woman.

"I love the sounds of crackling fire don't you," she asked as she reached her hands out toward the heat. "It just sounds like home."

He looked over at the fire and wondered what it would actually feel like to have something to remind you of a home in a pleasant way. He couldn't remember his real past so he wasn't sure what kind of life it actually was. All he knew was the false memories that had been planted into him by Terra's organization.

"Sorry," Jean's somber apology drew him from his dreary thoughts and looked over to see her leaning forward with her elbows resting on her knees. She was staring at him with pity in her eyes. "I wasn't thinking. You probably don't have much in the way of good memories am I right?"

"Not that I can remember," he answered honestly.

Her plump lips spread into a sympathetic smile as she slid from her chair and sat down on her knees in the middle of the floor, scooting closer to the fireplace.

"Come on," she said in a voice almost as warm as the fire itself. "You should feel the heat from this close. It's a nice contrast."

He dropped to his knees and scooted toward the fire until he was sitting next to her. He could smell the flowers again. She reached her hands out toward the flames once more and giggled.

"You know what we're going to have to do right," she asked as she turned her head to stare into his eyes. Her green eyes flickered with the lights and shadows cast by the fire and her smile turned from sympathetic to sweet. "Vicky said that it wasn't until you two had sex until she felt things for you."

Lucky looked down at Jean's lips as she slid her tongue across to moisten them. He knew exactly what he needed to do next and was more than happy to do it. Jean was one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. Her face was soft but not round, her eyes shined bright and her smell was driving him crazy.

"Let's start with a little kiss shall we," she stated before leaned over and gently pressing her lips to his. Her lips were so soft. He returned her kiss with as gentle of one as he could. The mixture of the heat, her smell and the feeling of her mouth to his had his erection slowly swelling in preparation for what was to come.

She pulled her face away slowly and looked into his eyes once again.

"Wow," she whispered as she reached up and touched her fingers to her lips.

Lucky placed his hand on her cheek and pressed in for another long kiss as he guided her down on her back with her knees toward the fire. She shifted her weight slightly to get comfortable as he leaned over her body and pressed his hands down on either side of her shoulders. He slid his tongue into her mouth and could feel her tongue come up to meet him in a dance while one of her hands reached up to stroke his cheek.

He pushed his hand up the bottom of her sweater and slid it up her stomach until he felt her breasts over her bra. She arched her back up and reached behind her undo the snaps, allowing him access to slide his hand underneath and lightly pinch one of her nipples. She softly moaned to the touch as he lowered his lips back to hers again.

"You're winning me over already," she whispered with a nervous smile as Lucky lifted up to begin pulling her sweater up and over her head. He stopped and stared at her round and perky breasts, her small pink nipples sticking up from both anticipation and the cold. He followed her body with his eyes and could see goosebumps spreading over her arms as she shivered slightly.

"Let's warm you up," he whispered as he pressed both his hands over her arms and began kissing her neck. He placed his knees on both sides of her as he began kissing down her neck to her collarbone. She was softly moaning in a whisper as he slowly explored her with his mouth and tongue. Her breasts felt soft under his kisses so he went gentler with each kiss until he felt her nipple between his lips.

"Fuck," she moaned as he flicked her nipple with his tongue while pinching the other between his fingers. He opened his mouth wider and placed it between his teeth, where he slightly bit down just enough for her to feel it. She breathed out a long and low groan as he continued to teasingly nibble on her nipples. Trading back and forth.

He continued to kiss down until he was now on her stomach. He could feel the heat from the fire on his ass so he shifted his body around until he was lying on his side with his feet extended past Jean's head.

She lifted her hips up so that he could pull her leggings down to her knees, where she began to kick her boots off before discarding her last piece of clothing to the side. Her sweet shaved pussy was on his face. He lifted her leg up and pushed his head under to get close enough to press his lips to her cunt.

She moaned loudly as he ran his tongue all the way up the slit, from ass to clit. He began working his mouth and tongue around her as she twisted and squirmed her body in pleasure.

"So good," he heard her moan at some point, but he wasn't paying much attention at that time. He was focused on the task at hand.

He felt her fingers working on the button of his pants and then felt the release of pressure as they unbuttoned and the fly slowly zipped down. Her hands were then rubbing over the tip of his throbbing cock as he dove his tongue deep into her womb. She yelped before he could feel her entire hand wrap around his cock and pull it out.

"Let me help you," he suggested as he lifted his hips up for her to pull them down, revealing his rod in her face. She didn't miss a beat. He could feel her mouth surround the end of his cock as he went back to work on her pussy.

She placed her hand on his hip and with one motion, pushed him over on his back and rolled on top with her dripping wet pussy pressed down on his mouth and his cock in her mouth. He slid his tongue down to tickle her clit, causing her to moan and vibrate his shaft with her mouth. The feeling had him wanting to cum already, but he didn't want to end this that quickly.

He shoved his tongue inside of her as deeply as he could and twisted it around in fast and sharp motions, causing her to start screaming as her legs began to shake and her hips began to dance. His face became covered in her as she finally laid her head down on his lap. He could feel her warm breath on the base of his cock as she rested.

He pushed her from him lightly and rolled her back on her back before spreading her legs and crawling on top.

"I've never been so ready," she said as she stared into his eyes. "Fuck me."

He pushed his hips forward until he could feel his dick press against her cunt. She moaned slightly and closed her eyes as he started pushing himself inside of her. He could feel her hands grab his ass and pull him in further.

"You feel so damned good," she cried.

He pressed his hands on the floor on either side of her head and thrust his hips forward until a slapping sound of flesh on flesh echoed through the office. She shouted in pleasure as he pulled out only to slap again. He could feel her pussy squeezing his cock as he thrust and pulled in a rhythm. She screamed louder and louder until her body went into convulsions and her legs wrapped around his waist to keep in him. He pulled his hips back again, but this time her body rose with him. She was keeping him deep inside of her while she came for the second time.

"Cum inside of me," she pleaded. "I want to feel it!"

He began hammering his cock inside of her hard and fast, drawing long moans and short screams from the beautiful woman's lips. Over and over again, he pounded into her until he felt his cock grow and his balls tighten. Here he came!

He threw his head back and grunted as he shot blast after blast of his cum into her womb, drawing loud and long screams of pleasure from the woman as she curled her toes up next to the roaring fire.

"I can see what Vicky saw in you Lucky," she whispered once she had caught her breath. "You are quite the man."

"Thank you," he said as he pulled his hips back, plopping his cock from her still wet pussy and bringing a quick chirp from her lips.

"I don't think I fully understand what made her think that just because you are amazing at sex translates to men must be free though," she admitted with a puzzled look on her face. "I mean, I'm not saying it's not a story to be told or anything."

She leaned up and pulled her leggings back on just before reaching for her bra. She snapped her bra back in place and stood up as she grabbed her sweater.

"I just kind of wish I had you for my own now," she giggled once her head popped through the sweater. "I'm going to need to document this and think about it overnight."

"I understand," he replied. He didn't know what to tell her anyway. Terra didn't tell him why men should be free and he wasn't really sure either. What would he do with freedom? How would that work? Who would tell him what to do? Where would he live?

"Vicky said that we need to be secretive," Jean stated as she sat down in the chair that she was in earlier to pull one of her fur boots up her leg. "Don't worry about that. I'm very professional."

She reached into her coat pocket and pulled her phone out to look at the screen when her eyes shot wide open.

"I've lost track of time," she said in a frantic voice. "I was supposed to have you home twenty minutes ago!"

Lucky jumped up to his feet and began pulling his pants back on in a hurry. This was it! Cheryl was going to find out that he left her home without her permission. It was too late to do anything about it. What was she going to do to him? How would this end? Would he ever see Terra again or would she just abandon him because of a mission failure?

"Come on," Jean said as she started to run out of the office. "Maybe she's running behind too."

That was unlikely. Cheryl seemed to be pretty adamant about being home when she said she would be home. Maybe traffic was harder to get through. Maybe her boss kept her late to talk about the promotion. He could only hope.

In just a few moments, Lucky and Jean were in her car and were racing off the hill and into the city streets.

"I'm so sorry," she said in a panic. "I really hope that this works out."

He was seeing houses that were familiar to him and knew that he was almost home. Before long the car pulled up to a stop and he could see Cheryl's car in the driveway. This was it! He was busted.

"Maybe I should go in with you," Jean offered as she opened her door.

Lucky reached over and stopped her.

"I think it would be best if I talked to her by myself," he stated with a forced smile.

"Okay," she returned the false smile that hid the worry in her eyes. "I'll contact you soon. We're not done here."

With that, Lucky stepped out of her car and began walking up to the house as Jean's car drove off behind him. He wasn't sure what he was going to say, but he knew one thing for sure. It wouldn't be the truth. He had to come up with a lie and fast. He placed his hand on the doorknob and with a single twist and a push, he was in the house.