 What's it all About?

The last woman to come out of the building was a crying and shocked Rebecca. She had red splattered on her arm and some on her face. She was screaming for someone to help as she waved her arms around.

Lucky couldn't take it anymore. Who was shot? Why hadn't he made sure the assassin went first? Why couldn't he think things through? He ran forward and into the crowd of women until he was face to face with Rebecca. Comfort and relief washed over her face as she spotted him approaching her.

"Lucky," she shouted before throwing her arms around his neck in front of a large crowd of shocked women. "Thank god you're okay!"

"Who was shot?" He asked as he held her tightly in a hug. He looked through the opened door to see someone's legs lying on the floor, but couldn't tell if it was Cheryl. "Where's Cheryl?"

"Cheryl was the one who was shot," she cried as she pulled back and looked back into the church. 

Lucky pulled away from Rebecca's grasp and sprinted into the church. Panic ran all the way through him as he approached the still body of his master. As he approached her, a slight moment of relief washed over him as she was still breathing as she held her hands on her stomach. He couldn't tell how bad the wound was. It looked bad. Blood was everywhere.

"Lucky," Cheryl coughed as she looked up at him. "It's not safe in here."

"Don't move her," a woman shouted from behind him and he looked over to see three women dashing up to them. The one in the lead, who had spoken, was carrying a black bag in her hands and the ones following her were pushing a cart. "We don't know the damage and moving her could damage her further."

Lucky stood up and stepped back to give the woman space. She began pulling tools from her bag and checking Cheryl in different ways that he didn't fully understand.

"Will she be okay," he asked. One of the women who had pushed the cart in shot him a dirty look for speaking out of turn, but the doctor just answered without acknowledging it.

"I'm not sure," she answered honestly. "It looks like the bullet may have missed her vital organs though. It's looking promising for your master."

After what felt like an eternity the women had Cheryl loaded on the cart and had her rushed out the door and into an ambulance before racing off to the hospital. They hadn't said another word to him and he didn't attempt asking again.

What was he suppose to do? His master was on her way to the hospital and the last thing he had heard was she might be okay. What did that even mean? When would she be able to come home? How would he get information on her health? Who would bother to tell a man anything?

Wait.

He wondered how he would get home or if he even had a home to get back to. He walked back out of the church to see most of the women had left to one place or another. Some were standing around in huddles and it looked like a news van had shown up. He looked over a small crowd of women to see Jean Stellar interviewing some of them. 

"Lucky," Rebecca placed her hand on his shoulder as she stepped up beside him. She had a defeated look on her face. "I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry too," he admitted as he tried to fight back his own tears. This was all just too much. What had he started? Why were people suddenly targets? It couldn't be a coincidence at this point. They were targets because of him. "I'm sorry about Vicky. I'm sorry about Cheryl. I'm sorry for what you are going through and I'm sorry for what you might go through."

Rebecca turned to study his face before speaking again.

"Lucky, none of this is your fault," she stated as he looked away in shame. If she only knew. She grabbed his chin in a similar manner as the first time she had ever done it and turned his face to look her in the eyes. "You can't start blaming yourself."

"Excuse me," a familiar voice called from their sides. "I'd like to speak with Lucky for a moment if that's okay." He turned to see Addison approach them. Her face was painted with concern and worry. Rebecca started to say something, but when Addison flashed her badge, she back off. 

"I'll be over here when you're done speaking with the officer," Rebecca stated.

"Detective," Addison corrected with a straight face. 

"Detective," Rebecca repeated with a hint of anger in her voice. "Lucky, you'll probably need a place to stay until Cheryl gets better so..."

"I have made temporary living arrangements for Lucky," Addison interrupted with a smile. "Thanks for your concern, but it's the least I can do. I owe him and Cheryl at least that."

Rebecca's eyes lit up dangerously with anger before she visibly swallowed and walked away.

"We don't need her to become another target," Addison explained as she looked into Lucky's eyes. "She'll get over it."

Lucky honestly didn't care about who he would be staying with as long as he could get information on Cheryl while staying there. He looked back to see Rebecca step into her car and close the door before it drove off. His eyes shifted over the scenery until his gaze stopped on Jean Steller who was looking over at him while the camera operator adjusted the camera on her shoulder. She gave a sympathetic smile before turning back to the camera.

"We need to talk," he told Addison as he turned to look back to her.

"Let's get out of here," she agreed with a nod to her car. The two hastily got into her car and with a push of a button, it was flying down the roads. 

He watched as the houses and buildings became more sparse, seemingly swallowed up by trees as they entered a thickly forested area. It was night by the time the car pulled into a driveway to a house surrounded by an open yard with the forest just outside all sides.

"This is my house," she stated as she looked over to Lucky with a soft smile on her face. "Make yourself at home here. Let's talk inside." She opened her car door, flooding the inside of the car with a light so bright that Lucky had to squint his eyes in order see his own door handle. He stepped outside the car and closed the door behind him as he turned toward the house. No, not a house. Addison seemed to live in a cabin.

"I never pictured you a cabin type of woman," Lucky admitted more to break the silence than to speak about living choices of homes.

"It makes a nice break from the city life," she stated as she opened her door and gestured for Lucky to enter. "I usually spend my nights in a hotel next to my building so when I do come home I want it to be as different as possible."

"That makes sense," he said as he walked through the dark interior of her living room. Her cabin was smaller than even Cheryl's house. He was standing in the living room and could see the kitchen, dining area and two doors to the back, which appeared to be all that there was to see. 

"I know it's small, but there's no need for a large home when I'm hardly ever here," She explained as she deadbolted her door and flipped a lamp on, illuminating a small portion of the living room. "It's not much for lighting either." She giggled as if a bit ashamed.

"I think it's nice," Lucky said, noticing her shame. "It's small and cozy."

"Thanks," she said as she walked toward the small loveseat, which was the only furniture in the living room. "Come set down. What do you know about what happened? Tell me everything."

Lucky approached the small two-seater couch and sat down beside the detective, while she pulled her coat off and tossed it over onto a small ammo crate that she used for a coffee table. 

He explained what had happened with the assassin on the rafters to the last detail. There was no reason for him to leave anything out with Addison. He had already told her about Project Lucky and Terra and truly believed that the detective wanted to keep Cheryl safe just as bad as he did. She took it all in. Her face turned a bit red during the parts where he had fucked the assassin up the ass in an attempt to get her mind off of her own task, but once he finished with everything that he knew, she just nodded in thought.

"China's president is in the States at the moment and actually the last I checked she was just passing through about a hundred miles from here earlier today." It looked like Addison's eyes lit up as she began to put pieces together. "You said the assassin was Asian right? Could she have been Chinese?"

Lucky thought about it. He didn't know the difference. He wasn't educated in geography enough to know the difference. All he knew was that the woman was Asian and that she spoke with an accent that was foreign to him.

"I'm not sure," he finally admitted. "Maybe."

Addison's eyes went back to somewhere else as she began working puzzles together in her head once more. She sat for a long moment in complete silence and he dared not interrupt her. Why would the Chinese president want Cheryl dead? Why would they care if a lawyer from the States died or lived? What gain would they have either way?

"Project Lucky," Addison stated. She didn't need to say anymore. It made complete sense to him. "Terra told you that Project lucky was a worldwide operation and you were the only survivor right? Well, think about it. What's China's number one form of currency? What do they do so well that they have risen to the powerful country that they are now? They breed and sell men of all races. Project Lucky's entire reason for existing is to eliminate the one thing that makes them better. No more men for trade then no more commerce."

"Then why don't they kill me," he asked. He honestly would rather it be that way. He didn't want any more people getting hurt just because of his existence. 

"I don't know, but you can't blame yourself," she stated as she placed her hand on his leg for comfort. "If they wanted you dead then you would be the target. They may be sending a message."

"I don't understand the message," Lucky admitted as he leaned back in his seat. "How can they do what they're doing if they know I'll not understand?"

"Lucky," Addison whispered in sympathy before spinning over until she was sitting on his lap. "It may not even be a message for you."

She pressed her lips to his as he kissed her back. Her kiss was wet as she opened her mouth and slid her tongue in. He pressed his tongue against hers as he felt his erection swelling up from within his pants.

"Then who?" He asked as they pulled their mouths from one another.

"Maybe it's to Terra and her organization," she explained before pressing her open mouth back against his.

He reached down and started unbuttoning her shirt from the bottom up. He could feel her tense up at first, but she eventually loosened her body as he finished the last button and pushed her shirt off of her back to allow it to glide to the floor. He pulled back to look at her body. He didn't get a good look at it the first time they had sex and wanted to take her in this time. 

She had larger breasts than he had initially thought. He reached around behind her and could feel her scar as he unfastened her bra, pulling it off of her chest and out from around her arms before tossing it over the couch. Her dark nipples were sticking out from a mixture of sexual attraction and the cold of the room. Her tight stomach showed muscles as she took deep breaths. He lightly nibbled on her nipples as he slid his tongue around them, drawing small moans from her lips.

She pulled her breasts away from his mouth as she stood up and slid her slacks and panties off in one motion, kicking them out of the way. There she stood in front of him. Completely in the nude. She was quite a beautiful woman. Her short, almost shaved hair accentuated her shoulders and neck as her hazel eyes shined from the lamp and her pouty lips curved into a smile. 

He pulled his shirt over his head and slung it away as he started to pull his pants off as well, but Addison's hand stopped him. She pushed his knees apart and dropped herself onto the floor as she bent over and kissed his crotch over his pants as her hands rubbed over the growing lump.

He could feel the hot moisture of her breath and the pressure of her lips reaching for him from outside the material of his clothing. His dick jumped in anticipation as he could feel her tongue slide up the material, wettening it over his erection. 

She glided her fingers up to his button and popped it loose as the pressure of his clothes were slowly relieved as she pulled the zipper down. He lifted his hips up as she gripped the waist of his pants and pulled them down to his ankles as kicked them aside. She rolled her fingers over his underwear as she observed his cock grow from underneath. 

She softly grabbed at his rod through the material of the underwear which was driving him crazy. His dick wanted out. It wanted free. It wanted in her. But his brain was loving this tease.

She looked up at him as she stuck her tongue out and slid it over the material. He could feel his own heartbeat throbbing in his cock as her hot breath washed over it. He threw his head back as he instinctively jolted his hips upward toward the woman. She laughed at his torture as he could feel her fingers slide into the waist of his underwear. He, once again, lifted his hips up to allow her room to pull them off. 

She tossed them to the side and he looked down as she began to slide her fingers up his shaft as her eyes explored him. She lowered her head and he could feel her lips smack against the back of his cock just once before she lifted her head back up again and look up into his eyes once more.

"I want you to fuck me in the ass like you did that woman from earlier," she said as she pressed her lips down on the back of his cock and kissed him with a loud pop sound. "But first I want to taste you."

He gently placed his hand on the back of her head as she moved her lips up and down the back of his shaft, occasionally sliding her tongue around him as well. Her hot breath washed over him as he felt her lips reach his tip. She paused for a slight moment and he could feel her tongue swirl around him before she lifted her head and then took him in her mouth with a moan deep enough to vibrate around him.

He felt her throat hit the tip as she pushed a bit further until he could feel the pressure give and her lips were wrapped around the base. She held his cock in her throat for a moment before pulling back up, gripping him tightly with her hand as her mouth left him.

She pulled her mouth off of his rod as she looked up at him again with a smile.

"You like this?" She teased. Lucky realized that he must have had a facial expression of pure pleasure that was amusing the woman.

She pressed her lips gently to the tip of his dick, not taking her eyes off of his, and gave it one more kiss before standing up. She placed her knees back on the couch and slowly sat down on his lap until he could feel his dick enter her pussy. She moaned in pleasure as she finally took all of him in her.

"I want to be on top when my ass takes you in," she stated as she leaned forward and pressed her open mouth to his once again. Their tongues danced as she began to grind her hips back and forth, causing her pussy to massage his cock.

After a few moments passed, she lifted off of him, reached back to grab his cock and began to lower herself until he could feel his dick begin to press against her tight asshole. Her eyes opened a bit wider and she looked at him.

"I'm not sure I can take you in," she admitted as she lowered herself a bit more, allowing her weight to do more work for her. "It's starting to hurt."

"You don't have to do this," Lucky started to say, but Addison dropped herself further on him and he felt his dick stab into her asshole so quickly that the surprising sensation caused him to grunt out the last few words.

She screamed in what seemed to be a mixture of pleasure and pain as her body continued to drop until he could feel her asscheeks pressed against his lap. She sat on his lap and continued to kiss him he throbbed inside of her. 

"It feels so different," she called out as she pulled her head back. "It hurts, but there's something different about the pleasure that makes it curiously worth it."

She lifted herself back up off of his lap and then started to drop back down again. Her moans grew louder as she became more comfortable with the motions. Before long she was throwing herself up and down on his cock and her asshole was taking all of him in with ease. He could feel her muscles squeezing him as she pulled back up. It felt like her ass hole was jerking him off while she flailed her head around in passion. 

"I'm cumming," she screamed as her body began shaking violently as her asshole squeezed so tightly around his cock that it started to hurt. 

Her hole finally loosened up again, allowing movement once more as she slumped over onto his shoulder. She sat perfectly still as she caught her breath. Sweat poured from her back as she stood up off of his dick until it made a "pop" sound and flopped over on his stomach still twitching. 

"I'll be right back," she stated before walking off through one of the doors of the cabin. After a few moments, she returned with a wet washcloth in her hands. She dropped back down the floor in front of the couch and pressed the cloth to his rod. It was hot and wet. She rubbed it all over him and scrubbed his cock clean before laying it on the floor.

She grabbed him by the base and looked up into his eyes as she lowered her lips onto the tip once more to give him a little kiss. She began to tease him once more with little kisses and the occasional tongue. He didn't know how much more he could stand. 

"I want to drink you tonight," she stated with a seductive smile before opening her mouth and lowering her head down until she was taking him down her throat again. 

He placed his hand on the back of her head again and rubbed his hands over her practically shaved head as she lifted and dropped her mouth around his cock over and over again. She stopped at the tip once and he could feel her tongue dance and slide around over and over again. He put a slight bit more pressure on the back of her head, but her neck strained as she held her position.

"Make me," she mumbled around his cock. 

He put a bit more pressure, but her head remained as he seen her elbows straighten and her hands firmly press into the couch cushions. 

"Make me," she ordered more forcefully. 

He pushed a bit harder and could see her struggling against his force.

"Make me," she repeated.

He couldn't take it anymore. He knew what she was after and he'd be damned if he would let her down. He grabbed her head with both hands and pushed her head down. He could feel her struggle but eventually had her head down until he could feel the tip of his dick hitting the back of her throat. She groaned as she started to push her head back up. He let go and her mouth left him as she looked up with a smile.

"Make me swallow your cock," she ordered as she placed her lips back on the tip again.

Once again, he pushed both hands down on the back of her head and pushed until he could feel the tip of his rod hit the back of her throat. She pushed up, but this time he pushed harder until her throat took him in with a loud gulp. He let go as she pulled her head back up and then he pushed down again. 

She moaned loudly as she gulped down his shaft over and over again. He could feel the light touch of her teeth from time to time as her voice vibrated around his cock. He knew he didn't have much longer and she must have picked up on it as well, for soon he wasn't using his hands anymore. She shoved her head down and took him into her throat over and over again until he could feel his dick swell to the beats of his heart. 

She placed her mouth around halfway down him and gripped the base tightly in her hand as she started jerking him off. He looked down at her as his vision grew blurry. He felt his cock explode into her mouth. She moaned and stiffened as she tried to swallow as much of his cum as she could. 
