 On That Stormy Night

Lucky awoke to the sounds of heavy rain pouring down outside. The wind blew and he could hear the faint sound of thunder as a storm approached. He looked down to see Addison's legs were lying across his lap as she was curled up on her side beside him. 

He smiled as he watched her sleep. She was beautiful even in her sleep. She looked cold though, considering she was completely in the nude still. He placed his hand on the side of her hip and rubbed her gently. She squirmed a bit before settling to a stop once more. He looked at her back. The long scar stretched from her lower back in a diagonal line toward her shoulder blade where it stopped. 

He couldn't imagine what she had been through with that murderer that had harmed her in that way, but he respected her for her strength to carry on in her profession despite knowing the hardships that could follow. 

She grunted softly as he lifted her legs up enough to stand up and grab a small blanket that was draped over the back of the loveseat. He unfolded the blanket and spread it over her body. She rolled over on her other side and curled inside the warmth.

He shivered. He was cold too. He looked down as he wiped the sleep from his eyes and noticed that he was naked as well. His need to use the restroom was more important than his desire to put his own clothes back on and so he explored the back of the small cabin. It had two doors. He wasn't sure which door led to the bathroom but figured one was to a bedroom and the other to the room he was searching so it wouldn't be any harm to just open one and hope for the best.

He opened the door to the left since that was the one that Addison had slipped into earlier to get the washcloth and sure enough, there was a bathroom on the other side of the door. He stepped inside and closed the door behind him. Once he was finished emptying his bladder, a loud clap of thunder startled him. He exited the bathroom and looked to see if it had woken the woman. All he could see was a lump on the couch as she had buried herself in the blanket completely. She was out cold.

He opened the other door, thinking he would carry her into her room and lay her in a bed so she wouldn't wake sore from sleeping on such a small couch in the morning. Her room was almost too dark to make anything out, but he saw the bed. It wasn't as large as Cheryl's but it would be large enough for him to share it with the detective if he decided to carry her in there. 

A flash of lightning lit up the room and for a brief second, before the light temporarily blinded him, he seen a shadowy figure of a woman standing in the corner. His heart began pounding. He rushed into the room with as much speed as he could muster as his eyesight was still returning.

He could see the shadowy outline of a woman as he slammed his body into her, wrapped his arms around her and jumped backwards with her in his grasp. He heard her yelp as his back bounced off of Addison's bed. The woman struggled, but he held on tightly.

"Who are you?" He demanded as he struggled to keep her from wiggling out of his arms. "What do you want?"

"Lucky it's me," he heard a familiar voice cry out. "Terra."

He instantly let go of the woman as she sprang up from the bed, landing on her feet in the middle of the room. Just then another flash of lightning lit the room up and he could see Terra staring at him with her hands on her hips. 

"Terra," he called as he sat up at the end of the bed. "So much is happening! I don't know if I can do this. People are dying!"

"Cheryl will be fine," she told him in a calm tone. "You have to do this. You are the only hope we have left."

"I don't want to be responsible for this," he explained as he seen her shadow walk toward him. "I don't want to be the cause of all this negativity."

Her shadowed form bent down and it looked like she was pulling her pants down. She got on the bed on her knees, straddling his lap and bent down as she pushed him on his back. He could feel her sweet breath wash against his ear as she began to whisper.

"Did you think things would go smoothly without a little bloodshed?" She started nibbling on his earlobe, bringing goosebumps up his arms as his erection began to grow. "Nothing ever worth doing has been done in peace."

"I don't want it," he whispered back as she moved her mouth down the side of his neck. Thunder rolled from somewhere close outside. "It's too much to rest on just me."

"Hush," she whispered. He could feel the warmth of her wet pussy press down on the back of his cock. He placed his hands on her lower back and gently rubbed his hands up as he pulled her shirt up over her head.

Another flash of lightning lit her body up and he could see her perky breasts in his face before she lowered her head back down to his neck. She slid her tongue up to his ear again and moaned another whisper as her hips swayed back gently so that he could feel her wet slit on his cock.

"I know it's difficult Lucky," she moaned as he felt her fingers lift his cock up and press it against her cunt. "I hate that it has to be you, but it does have to be you." She cried softly as she filled herself with his meet. 

He pressed his hands firmly to her back as she started grinding her hips around, feeling him inside of her. He could feel the passion in her movements. He could feel that she meant it. He lied as still as he could as she worked herself on him. He could feel her love. 

"I'm really proud of you," she moaned in his ear as her cunt tightened around his cock. "You are the perfect man." He felt her pussy close around him and began to pulsate as she orgasmed.

He would be able to last much longer and, in truth, didn't want to. She continued to ride him as he felt her true concern and love flow through him. She really did care. Maybe it was for the best. Who was he to make such an important decision by himself anyway? 

His dick swelled and he knew it was time.

"Cum on baby," she cried as her hips bounced on him. "Give it to me!"

Another strike of lightning flashed and he could see her face stuck with a smile as her eyes were narrow. What was she smiling about? It didn't look like a smile from passion like he was used to. It looked like a smile of accomplishment. Was she using the same science on him that she had given him to perform on other women? Was she somehow linked to making him do what she wanted? Was he just a puppet to her?

He grabbed her hips and tried to throw her off of him, but it was no use. Her hold was too strong on his psyche. She giggled as he could feel his balls tighten. There was nothing that he could do. He was powerless and would soon explode inside of her, strengthening his bond to her goals.

He threw his head back as he couldn't stand to fight it much longer. Was this it? 

"Get the fuck off of him," he heard Addison shout from the doorway. "You have three seconds or I'll shoot!"

Terra stood up, sliding off of his throbbing cock, and stepped back to the middle of the floor. Lucky looked down his body to see Terra lit up by a flashlight that Addison was shining on her. The terrorist looked frightened as her hands remained in the air.

"Is this Terra?" Addison asked as she stepped in front of Lucky still in the nude, but holding her flashlight and a piston crossed in front of her.

"Yes," he admitted as he finally felt enough strength to set up on the bed as he tried to shake the dizziness from his head. 

"I've been thinking about your story lately," Addison explained, not taking her aim from the woman. "It didn't make sense that you would jump into something so dangerous as blindly as you did. At first, I thought it was just your personality, but the more I learned of you the more uncharacteristic that seemed."

Lucky tried to stand up but fell back on the bed and reached his hands out to try and catch himself, slapping Addison's ass by mistake. She didn't seem to mind, for she just continued with her explanation.

"Terra's organization is well known as one that will stop at nothing to reach their end goal. Freeing men isn't that goal by the way. Their end goal is to claim complete ownership of men and distribute them as slaves for a marked up price." Addison kicked Terra in the stomach, causing the woman to slump over onto her knees on the floor and cough. "There's handcuffs in that leather bag next to my bed Lucy. Grab them for me will you?"

Lucky looked over and found the leather bag she was talking about. He opened it up to find another pistol, a badge and the handcuffs at the bottom. He pulled them out and stood up next to her as she bent down and pushed Terra on her stomach. She took the cuffs from him and clamped one down on Terra's wrist before pulling her other hand behind her back and clamped the other.

"Crawl backward to the corner," Addison ordered Terra, which Terra did as ordered. 

Lucky felt the urge to free the woman rise within him. This wasn't right. Terra couldn't be the person that Addison claimed her to be. He had memories of first seeing her just outside the water tank. Terra cared for him. He scanned Addison's body as she stood firmly with her gun and light shining on his Terra.

His Terra?

She must have had a hold on him stronger than he thought. He felt the urge growing to free her. He wanted to knock the gun from the detective's hand and uncuff his Terra. He walked over to Addison with determination as he glanced back to Terra, who was sitting on the floor with her hands bound behind her. Something stopped him from attacking Addison though. It was Terra's expression. 

She was smiling.

He turned to Addison, who gave glanced at him from the side of her eyes. He wasn't sure if it would work, but he had to do something to shake Terra's hold from his head. He stepped behind her and stretched his hand down back as he hooked his fingers under her and felt her pussy, causing a sound of shock to leave her mouth.

Terra's eyes shot wide open.

This must be it!

"I need to cum inside of you," he explained to a still shocked Addison. "I think it will get rid of the control for now."

"No," Terra shouted, before clamping her mouth shut.

"Okay," Addison said after a few moments of deep thought. "Set back on the bed."

He did as she asked and she started stepping backward with her legs spread and her gun and light still aimed at the dangerous woman in the corner. She hovered her ass over him as he grabbed his cock and aimed it in her pussy as she lowered herself on him. She moaned softly as his dick spread her pussy lips open and entered her womb. 

He could feel his attachment for Terra start to slip away as he watched Addison's back lift up and drop down as she rode his cock. He rubbed his hands up her back, feeling the rais of skin where her scar was. He admired her bravery and maybe that's why the scar drew him to her so much. 

He began lifting his hips up to slam his cock into her harder and faster than her actions were allowing. Her breathing quickened and her moans grew louder. The rain pounded down even harder than before as if to match the passion that was happening between them. She slowly lowered herself backward until her back was pressed against his chest and as he slammed his cock into her over and over again. 

"I'm cumming," she screamed as lightning lit the room up again and he exploded his juices into her. She quivered and shook as her pussy milked him for everything that he had. Moments went by as they lied there on their backs catching their breath until Addison shot straight up on the bed, keeping his dick inside of her.

"Dammit," she shouted as she lifted off of him and ran toward the now open window.

He sat up and looked to see raindrops running down Addison's naked chest and arms as she waved her flashlight outside.

"She got away," she shouted as she started to crawl out the window. "She can't get far with her hands cuffed behind her back and with no clothes."

Lucky jumped up and followed Addison out the window. The rain was freezing as it smashed into his naked flesh. The night was too dark to make anything out and his eyesight was blurry from the constant running of water coming off of his hair. He looked around, but couldn't find Addison or Terra.

"Addison," he shouted as loudly as he could but wasn't even able to hear his own voice over the pounding rain around him. He frantically looked around as he stumbled further into the forest. Another flash of lightning lit the area like it was daylight for a slight moment. It was enough of a moment for him to see Addison stumbling toward him from twenty yards away. It was enough of a moment for him to see that Terra was nowhere to be seen. It was enough of a moment to see that Addison had a facial expression of horror painted on her face. 

He felt Addison's wet and naked body slam into him, knocking them both down on the forest floor. He could feel a stick stab into his side, but it didn't feel hard enough to have broken skin, just enough to leave a bruise. 

"We have to get back inside now," she shouted in his ear as a figure stepped over them. A silhouette of a tiny woman holding a long pistol stretched in view as she looked down on them. The figure raised her gun up and aimed it at the two on the ground before she bent down to get closer.

"Get inside now," the mysterious woman shouted over the rain and thunder. He and Addison didn't bother to ask a question, but merely stood up and pushed themselves against the frigid wind as they made their way back to the window they had both came out of. 

Lucky waited as Addison crawled back through the window before following after her. Once he was inside as well he looked up to see worry still painted on her face. She stepped back as she looked over his shoulder at the shadowy figure who was surely following close behind.

"What happened?" He asked as he began rubbing her shoulders. He was freezing and knew that meant that Addison had to be even worst off. "Who is that?"

"You know me better than she," he heard a familiar voice call from the window. He turned to see a tiny Asian woman close the window behind her and shake her soaking wet black hair out of her face. 

"It's you," he exclaimed as he noticed her to be the same assassin that he had met just earlier that day. "You are the one who shot Cheryl. Are you here to kill me now?"

"Cheryl isn't dead," the woman explained in her strange accent. "I never miss my target. I missed all of her organs. I did just what I needed to do."

"She killed Terra," Addison whispered to Lucky. "I saw it. She shot an unarmed woman in the head and left her there as she started chasing me down."

"That's right," the assassin stated with pride. "I used that woman in the church to lure my target out. I knew that you were the key to it all. Once I..." she trailed off as her thoughts seemed to distract her for a second. "Once I felt you inside of me, I knew that you were the one that my target was connected to so I followed you and this woman here and waited."

"Terra's dead?" He questioned. He didn't know what to feel. Terra was his only connection with reality for the longest time. She was the only one who knew who he really was. He would never know for sure who he was now. Was he created as Project Lucky or was he someone first that had been turned?

"You can both relax," the Asian woman stated as she looked out the window at the pouring rain. "I have no interest in hurting either one of you. I just need to wait out the storm and then you'll never see me again. 

"Could you explain why Terra was your target at least?" Lucky asked desperately. "How much do you know? Who am I really? What is her organization? Is this all over? I don't even know what to call you."

The woman looked at Lucky and sympathy seemed to wash over her face. She slid her pistol in a holster that was strapped to her leg and snapped it closed around the back of the handle. 

"Black Heron is my code name," she revealed finally with a sigh. "I do not know of your origin. It did not matter to my mission to know. The people that my target belonged to have a heavy link to you. You are what will help them succeed or fail in their ultimate goal. I do not know how much they know about your location or existence. I do know that my target didn't share information with them as often as they would like. I do not think that any of them know you are here or even close to a proximity of your location."

He nodded his head. If that was the most information that she would give him then it would have to be enough. At least he could see it as over now. Only one thing remained in his thoughts.

"Did you kill Vicky?" He asked as he felt his body shiver from the cold.

"Vicky was an insider working for Terra," Black Heron explained with a scowl. "My target approached her and fooled her with empty promises of leadership and wealth if she helped you out. In the end, I believe the red-haired woman regretted her decision. She had turned around to travel back to the party with a promise of telling you and Cheryl of my target's plan. So my target killed her before she ever got there."

"Your client," Addison started to say something but was interrupted by the assassin.

"My client is information that I will not speak of," she snapped as her hand seemed to instinctively twitched next to her pistol.

"It is the Chinese president isn't it?" Addison finished just as much to herself as to anyone in the room.

"My client is of no interest to you," Black Heron stated in a much calmer voice.

"Well if you're not planning on harming us then please stay as long as you need to," Addison finally declared as she relaxed her stance a bit. "I'm going to start a fire in the fireplace in the living room. Let's all set next to it before we catch pneumonia." 

Addison turned and exited her bedroom, leaving Lucky and the Chinese assassin alone to stare each other down. The woman had a thin, but sure form and had the fiercest eyes he had ever seen before. Her shoulder length black hair had dried somewhat but her black one-piece suit shined from the moisture. 

"Come on," he suggested with a nod. "Let's go dry off."

The woman nodded in agreement as she glided past him and out the door of the room. He couldn't help but look down at her firm and round ass as she swayed out of sight.

Addison already had the living room lit up as flames danced within the stone fireplace. Her bare skin seemed to glow orange as she leaned in close while sitting on her knees on the floor in front of it. Black Heron stopped to Addison's side and bent down, balancing perfectly on her bent toes as she too felt the warmth of the fire. 

Lucky neared the other side of Addison and sat down on his knees as the heat called to him as well. His shivering seemed to stop after a moment and the popping sounds of the wood in the fire along with the sounds of the rain still beating down hard outside sent him into a trance. 

Vicky wasn't such a lovely person after all. She was just going to sell him out for fortune. Maybe his "gift" wasn't as great as Terra made it sound. He wasn't causing women to fall in love with him after all. If that were true then what about Cheryl? Why did she admit to falling in love with him if it wasn't his power? Did she really love him?

"You know you should take those wet clothes off," Addison's voice brought him out of his thoughts as he looked over to see her staring at the assassin, who was still in her soaking wet black suit.

"You are correct," the Asian woman stated as she began running her fingers down her buttons from the top one by her collarbone to the last one which stopped just below her navel. She struggled to pull her suit off, which seemed to be sucking on her skin, but managed, revealing that she wasn't wearing any undergarments. 
