 Home is Where the Heart is?

Lucky awoke to an empty living room. He stretched out his stiff muscles on the floor before standing up to look out the window. It looked as if an angry storm had never been there. The bright rays of the sun were piercing down through the treetops just beyond the small yard. He smelled breakfast being cooked and turned toward the opposite end of the cabin to see Addison, dressed for the day, turning a skillet over in her hands as she attempted to not burn some eggs.

"Good morning," she chimed with bright eyes and a smile. "Thought you'd never wake up. I'm making eggs and bacon for breakfast."

"Sounds wonderful," he said with a smile. "Do you need any help?"

"Not that I'm complaining," she started with a giggle. "But you may want to put your clothes on before coming in here near a hot skillet."

Lucky looked down to see that he was in the nude. He was still trying to shake the sleep from his head. He remembered the previous night like it was a dream. First Terra trying to seduce him, then Addison saving him. Then he remembered the assassin and what she had done. Where was she?

"Where's Black Heron?" He asked, feeling completely ridiculous for saying the name. It sounded like some cheesy superhero. 

"She was already gone when I woke up," Addison claimed as she'd scooped a fried egg from her pan and onto a plate. "I checked for Terra, but our assassin friend cleaned any evidence up."

"Well I'm glad it's all over," he said as he pulled his pants up and buttoned them. "All of it, you know?"

Addison turned toward him with a plate in each hand. She walked over to the small circular table and sat the plates down before returning to the refrigerator to retrieve a pitcher of orange juice. She poured two glasses out and set them on the table before setting down on one of the chairs and gesturing for Lucky to take the other seat.

"I know what you mean," she finally said after taking a bite from her fork and making a funny face as if she didn't approve of the taste. "But remember, there are more members of the organization and just because they don't know where you are doesn't mean they won't be able to find you."

"I know," he admitted with a sigh. "But I can relax for the moment at least. I have time to make a plan and hopefully, no one else will get hurt because of me."

"I hope so too," Addison agreed as her face looked up at him with doubt. 

He doubted it too. There was too much effort put into making him by the terrorist organization and he knew better than to think they were finished with him just because the head was cut off. There's always a new head when it comes to people and their greed.

He took a bite of the eggs and had to hold back from spitting them out. He turned them over with his fork and could see that the bottom was black. 

"I'm not exactly a good cook," she stated with a shrug of defeat. "I tried though so that's gotta count for something right?"

Lucky leaned over the table and kissed her. He sat back down and the two started laughing. 

Weeks went by as Lucky and Addison grew closer to each other. She claimed to have enough saved up paid time off to take an entire year off if she wanted to. She said that she wanted to spend her free time with him. He grew to really enjoy her company. They grew to understand one another and he felt a genuine compassion for her like he had never known. 

Their time together was interrupted from time to time as Cheryl would call from the hospital to check on him. She always wanted to talk to him and tell him how much she missed him. He missed her too, but he couldn't help but feel a sense of dread when she would tell him how fast her wounds were mending and that she would be out and taking him home before he knew it.

His days were spent doing random things with Addison. They frequently walked through the surrounding woods as they explored the areas. Once they found a river that led to a small waterfall with a five-foot deep cave behind it. They spent hours in that cave. 

The sex grew more and more amazing as well. They seemed to find the time to have sex just about everywhere they went together, the waterfall included. She would occasionally bring up a random location and they would go there to check it off the list. It almost became such a second nature that there was no lead up to it. They would find a place, give each other a look and just start right then and there.

The only thing between the two that didn't get better as the days turned into weeks was their cooking. They took turns attempting to impress the other, but neither person seemed to have the knack for it. Burnt, undercooked or just plain bad was on the menu every day. It didn't bother him though. It was just another endearing quality that made them what they were.

Jean Steller had called Addison in hopes of setting up a followup interview with Lucky, but he just turned her down. There was no reason to continue down the path with Terra exposed and gone. And besides that, by doing the interview he would create the risk of the organization finding him.

Everything was incredible just the way it was. He didn't want to change anything. 

Then the phone rang.

Addison answered her phone and Lucky could tell something was wrong. She was trying to put on a happy tone, but he knew her far too well to believe it. He could tell that her world had been turned upside down in just a five-minute conversation.

"What is it?" He asked once she hung up the phone. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," she said, forcing a smile. "Cheryl's out. She's on her way here to get you."

What?! So soon? He thought he would be ready for this moment. He kept reminding himself that his time in the cabin was only temporary. It seemed that no matter what he attempted to prepare himself for this moment, it wouldn't stop the heartache that he felt now. Addison looked away from him and walked toward her bedroom.

"What can we do?" He asked as he followed her into her room. She was folding his clothes and placing them in a suitcase on the bed. "This isn't right."

"There's nothing we can do Lucky," she stated with a quiver in her voice. "You belong to Cheryl and she is well enough to go home."

"Addison," he whispered, but she didn't answer. "Addison!" He shouted.

"What?!" She shouted back as she slammed the suitcase shut and snapped the latch.

"I love you," he admitted. He could feel his own tears running down his cheeks. This couldn't be over. This had to stay the way it was somehow. Maybe there was something she could do. Maybe she could explain to Cheryl what had transpired between them. Maybe Cheryl would sell him to her.

"Don't say things like that," Addison said as she looked up at him and he could see tears running down her own face. "It just can't be. We both knew that when this started. This was going to happen. Cheryl is coming to get you." She pushed the suitcase against his stomach and held it until he grabbed the handle. 

"Fine," he stated angrily. He couldn't believe that she wouldn't even try anything to save them. She would just give him up. Maybe he was just an object to her anyway. Maybe she would just move on with her own life and never think of their time together again. Maybe that's what he should do as well. He should just enjoy Cheryl. Cheryl was the one that actually wanted him anyway. Cheryl would have done something. At least tried.

He walked out of the cabin with the suitcase in hand and sat down on the porch while staring down the long driveway. He could hear Addison moving about the inside of the cabin as she cleaned up. 

How could she be so cold?

It wasn't long until Cheryl's car pulled into view and pulled into a stop. He stood up and started walking toward her car as her door opened. She stepped out with a stretched out a smile. She was so beautiful. She was shorter than Addison and lacked the curves, but carried her small frame with so much grace that she really didn't need the wider hips or larger breasts. 

"Lucky," she shouted in glee as she ran down the rest of the driveway with her arms spread out. She jumped into his arms and he caught her in the air and held onto her while she began kissing his face neck and lips with small and quick pecks. "I missed you so much!"

"I missed you too," he said. In truth, it wasn't a lie. He did miss her company even if he didn't feel about her the way he felt about Addison. "Let's go home."

"Wait," she stated as she dropped back to her feet and gave him a quick squeeze on the arm. "I want to thank Addison for keeping you while I was away."

"I'll wait out here," he stated coldly and carried his suitcase to her car. 

It didn't take long before Cheryl came skipping back out of the cabin and toward the car with the same happy facial expression.

"Now let's go home," she said as she pulled her door shut and spun her body around to where she was straddling his lap with her arms stretched over his shoulders. "You know what I want to do first?" The car pulled out of the driveway and down the streets on its way to her home.

"I have an idea," He answered with a smile. It felt weird at this point. He had grown so used to Addison's body. Her kisses. Her warmth. Her smell. Her taste. Something about being with someone else just felt strange to him. All that aside, he did feel some excitement to be with Cheryl physically again though. 

"It's been so long," she said as she pressed her lips against his. He could feel her tongue stab into his mouth immediately as her hands ran through his hair. She moaned as she ground her hips around on his lap. "I want it so bad."

Lucky placed his hands on Cheryl's lower back and slide up inside her shirt. He stopped as he felt some cloth attached to her by tape. It was her bandage. She pulled her head away and gently lifted her shirt up to show him that she had a large wrap all the way around her stomach area, like a white belt, covering almost her entire stomach and lower back area.

"I got lucky," she explained as she lowered her shirt back down. "The bullet went through me and missed all the important stuff. The police were the ones that kept me in the hospital so long. I think it was Addison. She was afraid I would be attacked again probably."

Addison made sure she stayed in the hospital?

"I had to threaten to get my firm to investigate why I was still in there before they finally let me out," Cheryl pressed her lips to his once more.

She remained on his lap with her tongue in his mouth for the rest of the drive. When the car pulled into a stop, they both got out and went inside. Cheryl practically ran toward the house. 

"I missed this place," she shouted as she looked around. He looked around too. It had been just as long for him. The place was much bigger than the little cabin, but it felt less personal to him now. He looked over at the large dining room table and smiled as he remembered a very drunk Cheryl the night of the party had knocked it over. He remembered the first time she had seen him naked and looked over to the bathroom door as the memories flooded back.

"Lucky," he looked over to see Cheryl standing down the hallway just outside her door with a giant smile on her face. "Come on!"

He walked down the hallway and started thinking about the first time that they had had sex. She had seemed as nervous as he was that night. It was passionate but sweet at the same time. He thought about the time she had told him that she loved him and then took it back without being able to actually take it back.

He stepped through the doorway to see Cheryl bent over the bed as she was pushing her pants and panties down to the floor. Her ass was small but firm. He dropped his pants and pushed his own underwear off before kicking them away as he jerked his shirt off. She was standing back up straight and pulling her own shirt off when he grabbed her hips, causing her to chirp in surprise. 

He grabbed his cock and rubbed the tip against her slit until she was completely wet and then pushed his hips forward until he popped in, drawing a moan from her. She braced her hands against the bed as he pushed himself further inside of her. He looked down her body as the soft curve from her waist and up her back was covered horizontally with that bandage. 

Guilt overcame him as he pushed himself deeper. She had been in the hospital due to a gunshot that was his fault. He didn't pull the trigger, but he might as well had and to make things worse, he had been sleeping with another woman while she was recovering from that same gunshot. 

"Fuck me," she ordered through soft breaths. 

He pushed further until he was submerged within her completely. She cried in passion as he pulled back before pushing himself into her again.

Addison had made sure that Cheryl stayed in the hospital? That was insane! His master was recovering from an attack that could have killed her and only wanting to be back home with him and Addison had made sure that she wouldn't be getting that wish. He could almost still feel his dick slamming into her as the sounds of the rushing waterfall pounded so loudly that he could barely hear her screams for more. 

"Oh Lucky," Cheryl screamed.

It was like nothing was off limits with Addison either. She wanted to try everything everywhere. It didn't matter what it was. He had grown so comfortable that he didn't even think twice about telling her something that he might want to try. One time he had even pulled out of her mouth and jerked off on her almost shaved head, just because he wanted to try it.

"Lucky," Cheryl screamed again.

Addison loved it when he would surprise her as well. She would explode almost instantly when he would pull out of her cunt and slam it into her ass without warning. He knew it had to hurt, but she seemed to get off on that kind of thing.

"Oh my god," Cheryl cried in a mixture of pain and pleasure.

He thought back to how tight Addison's ass got when he did that. It was like her asshole wanted to eat his dick for such an intrusion, but she wanted more. She loved it. Anal had become one of her favorite forms of sex.

"Lucky," Cheryl screamed through her pillow. 

Addison knew how to drive him insane with her mouth on his cock as well. She would move her tongue in ways that would make him want to cum right away. She even made it a contest to see if she could with him trying to hold back. She seemed to love it when he lost that contest as well. Just thinking about the time she choked down his cock and swallowed every drop of his cum down her throat all while choking on him made his dick swell up. He could still hear her sounds as if she were right there. His balls tightened. He thought about the look in her eyes as she pulled her mouth off of him. Her smile. 

He shot stream after stream of his cum into Cheryl as he looked down in shock.

At some point, he had pulled out of her cunt and slammed his cock into her asshole. Cheryl was shaking and jerking as she had her head buried under her pillow. She screamed as cum bubbled around his cock as her ass couldn't take anymore and was pushing it out the only place it would go.

He pulled out of her ass and her body fell to the bed with no effort from her to keep up. She rolled over on her back and rolled the pillow off of her face as she looked up at him. Tears were running down her face, but she held a small smile.

What had he done?! Cheryl had enjoyed anal before, but not in the way that Addison enjoyed it. He hoped he hadn't hurt her too badly. He was such an idiot!

"Oh my god," she finally breathed, still looking at him. "I came like five times just then."

A huge rush of relief washed over Lucky. He hadn't messed up as bad as he thought. She had enjoyed it. 

"It hurt like hell when you first rammed that cock of yours in my ass without warning," she admitted. "I even almost ended it because of the pain, but then the pleasure rushed behind the waves of pain. That was great!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed it," he admitted as he lied down next to her and kissed the side of her cheek. 

He guessed this was his life now. As he stared at the beautiful black haired, fair skinned woman in front him he thought it was a life worth living as a smile grew on his face. He would miss Addison. He would miss his time at the cabin. He would miss it a lot. But she had given him up without a fight. She had made her choice and considering she actually had a choice that was more than Lucky had.

Lucky wrapped his arms around his master and gently squeezed her as she fell asleep in his arms.

This was his life from now on.

"Helen," a voice called from the back of the lab. 

Helen, a tall thin woman with long straight red hair that she always kept in a knot to keep it from getting stuck in her black-rimmed glasses looked over at the woman running in. She hated being interrupted while working. Nothing made her angrier.

"This better be important," she snapped as the woman approached frantically. "What is it?!"

"Terra's dead," the woman almost shouted out of fright. "We've received confirmation just now."

Helen gently placed her test tube down before walking toward the door that the other woman had come in. She figured it would only be a matter of time. Terra was reckless. She took too many chances. 

"Where was she killed?" She asked as she looked behind her toward the woman who was practically running to keep up with her. It was all because of that Project Lucky beast that she had created. What went wrong? Had she not calculated the formula right? Had Terra stopped producing the hormone to counteract his? Too many questions and with no Terra and no Lucky to take samples from she would receive no answers.

"The location isn't known exactly," she explained with absolute fear in her voice. "We were able to narrow her last location down to a two hundred mile radius."

"Get me the data," Helen ordered as she entered Terra's office and sat down at her desk. "I need the map."

"Yes ma'am," the woman quickly agreed to the task. "What are you planning on doing?"

Helen looked up from the file that she had just opened as she pushed her glasses back on her nose before speaking.

"We're going hunting."

End of Luck Season One

*****

There are many other elements I want to explore in the Lucky Universe, but have other projects that I'd like to start on this platform as well. I decided it would be best to break Lucky off right here and begin on another story. Once I've established a large chunk of my next story, I'll break from that one and return for a Season Two of Lucky. Please let me know of any likes and dislikes that you may have in the comments and I will take every one of them into consideration for my upcoming stories and Seasons of this one. Thank you so much for your support and have a great day!