 David checked his altitude as he flew high over the Pacific. He was piloting this particular aircraft for the first time and he felt a little uncomfortable. The clouds were black and thick in front of him. Perhaps he should've listened to the tower and returned to his flying club. 

The clouds became thicker and blacker as he flew. Suddenly, his plane began to shudder violently and his altitude began to drop. He'd hit an air pocket and entered a stream of fierce turbulence. As he held on tight to his flight stick trying desperately to stabilize his plane, he hit a thunder storm and thick rain began to lash his plane. The sky was so dark and the rain was so heavy that he couldn't see a thing apart from the blindingly bright flashes of lightening ahead of him. 

His heart raced as his altitude warning light flashed and his cockpit alarm sounded. He knew he was losing control, as his cockpit shuddered again and his plane began spiralling downwards. Try as he might David couldn't regain control and he knew he was going to crash in to the sea below him. He grit his teeth and shut his eyes tightly as he anticipated the inevitable.

David awoke with a start. He was dazed and confused as he looked up in to the blue sky. His head ached terribly and his legs felt numb when he tried to move them. As he looked around him he realized he was lying on an island beach. With some difficulty David sat up trying to familiarize himself with his surroundings. Then it all came back to him. He remembered that he was flying his plane and he had crashed. Although he was relieved to be alive without any serious injuries, his heart sank as he realized that he was on a desolate island, miles from anywhere. 

'Could there be anyone else here?' He thought to himself.

As he stood up with some difficulty, he gasped with the pain in his thighs and back. The island was very small but beautiful. The sand he stood on was white, warm and soft and there were lush palm trees scattered around. In the distance, he could see thick forestation. His stomach now ached with hunger and he knew he was dehydrated. He began to walk in the direction of the dark green forestation ahead hoping to find something to eat and drink.

The old hag watched David closely as he walked slowly and painfully to the trees. She couldn't remember how long it had been since she had laid eyes on someone else. She had been banished to this island by the cruel wizard who had cast a spell on her, making her old and hideous looking. So much so that she couldn't even bear to see her own reflection. But she knew that her salvation was in this stranger and her long awaited chance to be rid of the wizard's torturous spell at last. 

As she continued to watch David behind a rock, the old hag reminisced about her past beauty and how no man could resist her. How many men had fought and given their lives lusting after her perfectly formed body. Even some women of the town had tried to seduce her and she had gladly obliged one or two of them that she had liked. How she desperately missed those carefree days of passionate sexual pleasure. 

Then the old hag scowled as she recalled the lonely old wizard who's lust filled advances she had denied, who had taken his revenge by casting a sadistic spell on her all those decades ago. Subsequently, the wizard had kidnapped her and left her imprisoned on this desolate island, where she had remained to this day. Fortunately, one of the wizard's elves took pity on her and told her that the spell could only be broken if she drank the savoury nectar of a young and virile man. 

'Was this going to be the opportunity she had longed for all these lonely years?' She asked herself. It just had to be.

Unbeknown to David that he was being watched so closely, he sat down on a rock to feast on some fruits that he had found. His mouth was parched and he badly needed some nourishment. The fruit tasted tantalizingly sweet and he soon became energized. Suddenly, he heard a rustling noise behind him and turned around with a start. But there was nothing to be seen. It must be some animal, he thought. He just hoped it wasn't anything dangerous. He heard the sound again, but this time it was louder. David got up and walked towards the area the sound was coming from to see what was making it.

The old hag stood quietly behind a tree watching David walking slowly in her direction. Her mind raced with thoughts of what to do. She knew that David would be horribly shocked and disgusted if he saw her. But she had to do something quickly. She wrapped her shawl tightly around her upper body and head, just leaving a small gap to see out of, and stepped out from behind the tree. 

David stopped in his tracks as he saw this strange figure appear before him. He regarded the figure up and down cautiously and he realized it was an elderly woman dressed in a long, tattered cotton dress. Her head and face were covered in a thick grey woollen shawl and her arms were tightly folded across her chest. 

'Hello, I didn't mean to scare you,' the old hag said softly.

'Oh it's quite alright.' In fact it's a relief to see that there is someone else on this island. I was washed up ashore. My plane crashed over the sea. I can't remember anything else. I'm very lucky to be alive,' David replied somewhat nervously. 

The old hag saw some scratches with dried blood on David's face and arms. His shirt was ripped at the front and she admired his nicely toned torso. She thought about his cock and how nice it would be to touch and taste in her mouth. But she knew that wouldn't be enough for her. She'd want him deep inside her, fucking her hard and fast. How much she desired him. How much she needed him. She felt a sticky wetness well up inside her pussy. She hadn't had such a passionate feeling for so long.

'Do you mind if I sit down?' David requested politely, as he began to feel a little giddy. 

'Of course, my dear.' Why don't you come over here, lean up against this big tree and rest under the shade. You've suffered a terrible accident and have some wounds on your face and arms. They need to be cleaned and washed otherwise they may get infected. Don't worry I'll do that for you,' the old hag said reassuringly.

David was rather touched by the old hag's caring gesture. He felt much more relaxed now, although he was starting to feel weak again. He walked over to the tree the old hag was standing by and sat down on a comfortably thick tuft of grass, leaning his back against the tree trunk. A gentle, warm breeze blew over him and he closed his eyes as a deep slumber overcame him. 

The old hag smiled to herself as she regarded David in his sleep. Finally she could touch him and she was getting closer to her mission. She knew that she had to take things slowly and she gathered the sap of an aloe vera plant to rub on his wounds. Living on this island for so long had made her an expert in the healing properties of plants. Slowly and gently she rubbed the sap on a wound on the side of his head. David twitched a little and then became totally still again. The old hag continued until all of David's visible wounds had been cleansed and coated with the sap. 

But now she desperately wanted to get to his cock and give him a long and interrupted sucking. She took a vile out of her pocket which contained a special smelling salt that brought on a state of deep unconsciousness for anyone that breathed in the vapour, and put it under David's nose. She watched closely as David breathed in the vapour and after a few moments he fell unconscious and dropped sideways to the ground. The old hag's heart started to beat faster as she excitedly lifted David up by his head, straightened him up and rested him flat on the thick grass under the tree. 

She took a moment to pause and savour the moment as she gently placed her hand on the front of David's trousers. She could feel the warm softness of his cock under the cotton material and she tantalizingly licked her lips. She had always loved sucking a man's cock, the feel of it in her mouth, the salty taste and the throbbing pulsations when she was drinking down thick spurts of cum, right to the very last drop. 

She moved her hands downwards and cupped David's balls in her palm. They felt heavy and she knew that heavy balls meant lots of sweet, sticky juice. This was going to be the best blow job she had ever given. Giggling naughtily, the old hag gently began to unbuckle David's belt to remove his trousers. 

He was wearing pristine white briefs and she could see the bulging outline of his cock under them. This was it. She gave his briefs a firm tug and brought them down to his knees. His flaccid cock was now in full view. Oh, she was right. What a beautiful cock he had. It was neatly circumcised, she liked that. The head was broad and she could see the faint blueness of a protruding vein along the thick shaft. 

Looking up at David to make sure he was still unconscious, the old hag began to unwind the thick woollen shawl from around her head until it was completely removed. She then took David's cock in her hand, squeezing it gently and began to rub it up and down. She moved her tongue over the tip of his cock hole and licked around it poking her tongue inside a little. She could feel David's cock come to life as it twitched and began to expand. She gathered her saliva in her mouth and spat it out on the head of his cock to lubricate it while she began to move her hand up and down a little faster. 

David's cock was now pretty much fully erect and the old hag took his thick and swollen head in to her mouth and began to suck him off gently, whilst moving her hand up and down his shaft. How good it felt to have a man's cock in her mouth again. The familiar taste was delicious and the old hag savoured it as she took him deeper in to her mouth and began to suck him harder and faster, cupping his balls in her hand and squeezing them gently, coaxing them to release all that sticky nectar.

Meanwhile, the old hag's pussy was coming to life and she could feel her juices gathering up inside her. Her breasts and nipples began to swell as she kept hungrily sucking David's delectable cock taking all of it inside her mouth and halfway down her throat. With one hand she began to pinch and rub her erect nipples and with the other she teased her clit. Her pussy juices were flowing red hot now. 

She kept on sucking away at David's cock, not stopping for a second. She was in her element and was intoxicated with the pure pleasure of it all. Then she stopped sucking for a moment as she felt and tasted a stream of pre cum ooze out of David's cock hole. Oh yes, she knew he was getting there. Some men didn't ooze much pre cum but David's cock was releasing quite a long stream in to the old hags cock hungry mouth. 

Soon the old hag would be rid of that ghastly wizard's spell. All she needed now was for David to erupt like a volcano, shooting thick globules of his sticky nectar in to her mouth. She held his swollen cock tightly in her hand and began to rub his shaft more rigorously, whilst sucking hard on his glans. 

The old hag's inner thighs were soaked with her thick pussy juice. She would have loved to have David's cock thrusting deep inside her pussy as well, and she vowed to herself that she'll definitely give him the fuck of his lifetime once her spell was broken and she became that irresistible sex goddess again. She knew that David would only be too happy to fuck her repeatedly as all those men had done in her past glory days. One fuck was never enough for any man, but those who hadn't really impressed her, she would stop after one go and tell them to leave. She enjoyed watching them depart, begging her for more with a look of craze filled lust and intense desperation on their faces.

As the old hag sucked away at David's engorged cock, she heard a soft murmur escape his lips. She knew he was beginning to sense the pleasure of her mouth tightly enveloping his cock and wasn't far from shooting his load. She kept rubbing his shaft with her hand as she sucked his glans to make him cum faster and harder. She wanted to squeeze every single drop out of his rock hard cock.

David, still in a state of deep sleep began to feel a tingling sensation rising up through his body. His cock began to twitch and throb as the hag used her mouth and hand expertly to drive him to climax. Then David felt as if there was a hot explosion inside of him, like that of a coal fired steam engine.

The old hag felt David's cock harden and begin to throb in her hands and mouth. She knew he was close now. For a second she glanced up at David's face and his eyes were still tightly closed. She wondered if he would awaken when he reached climax. But now she didn't really care. Soon she'd have thick streams of juicy thick cum layering her tongue and streaming down her throat. 

David's hips jerked forward as he finally exploded into the old hag's mouth and she gasped as a big heavy wad of cum jetted in to the back of her throat, nearly choking her. She kept rubbing his cock up and down and clasped her lips tightly around his glans, making sure she wouldn't miss out on a single drop of his precious nectar. It tasted so good, the best she had ever had. She kept drinking his cum as it spurted out more and more and his cock jerked and throbbed. Oh yes, this lovely cum was going to make her dream come true.

Finally, David's cock stopped pulsating and began to soften as the old hag sucked the last few drops of cum from his glans. She moved her mouth right down to the base of his cock and back up to the tip several times to allow every drop to be released. She brought her head up and sat for a moment, licking her lips and relishing the moment. David still slept deeply. Little did he know that a hideously ugly old hag had just sucked all the juice out of his beautiful cock, she giggled to herself, feeling like a sexy young woman again. She looked up at David and wondered how long it would be until he came back round. 

All that passionate sucking had made the old hag tired and she needed to rest. She lay down next to David and closed her eyes. Her body began to tingle all over, especially her nipples and pussy, which was still soaked with her juice. The sensation felt good; she could sense the spell breaking at last. She grinned to herself as she thought how David would be so surprised and elated to see such a beautiful, sexy woman by his side him when he awoke. She looked down at David's shrunken and flaccid cock and thought of how much she would enjoy fucking him. She'd let him have her any way he chose and her body and mind would now only be for him.

In the past, she had used men and sometimes women as her sex slaves, and she would now be his. She would fulfil his every desire and fantasy, after all, she had a lot of experience in the art of sexual play and pleasure. David let out a quiet groan and began to stir. She knew that he would soon awaken. She got up to go and bathe in the fresh water falls. Her pussy's pubic hair had grown very long and thick and she thought it best to remove it with some special shells and plant extract which worked very well for this purpose. David would want to suck her pussy lovely pussy, she knew that for a fact. No man had ever resisted. 

As she took off her worn out cotton dress and stood totally naked, she relishingly rubbed her hands softly all over her body. She could feel the familiar silky smoothness of her skin and her voluptuous curves. Her magnificently shaped breasts and pert nipples felt as good as they had ever been. She looked down at her perfectly slender legs and pretty feet. Men simply adored her legs and feet; she had become very adept at massaging and rubbing excited cocks with her soft soles and dainty toes. She smiled and giggled to herself knowing that she wasn't that hideous old hag anymore. 

Now all she wanted was to get herself ready for David before he came round. Slowly and seductively she walked towards the waterfalls to bathe and groom her intimate parts. How she'll enjoy seeing another man's eyes fill with searing hot lust when she stands in front of him in all her fantastically gorgeous glory. Oh yes, she felt like a sex goddess once more.