 Change of Scenery

Days turned into weeks and months as nothing out of the ordinary occurred for Lucky and Cheryl. He hadn't seen any of the other women that had been so important in his life. 

He often lied awake at night and thought of Addison. He wondered what she was doing. He wondered if she ever thought of him the same way he longed for her. He missed her. He missed her voice. He missed her sense of humor. Cheryl never quite got when he was joking or if he was serious so he eventually stopped trying to be funny around her. He missed Addison's touch. He missed her body.

Cheryl was amazing for him and he had no complaints. She always thought of him and it was a daily activity that she would give him a little gift to just show her appreciation. He wished she would stop giving him things. Every gift was another stab of guilt as he thought about the woman he couldn't get out of his mind.

Cheryl had taken the time off from her work and the time she took was more than her boss found acceptable for a new partner, so her promotion had been given to another lawyer at the firm. His master was pretty sad about that fact at first. He remembered her attempting to drink away the disappointment the night she found out. 

It was an early summer day that Cheryl ran into the living room, where Lucky was watching something on tv, and shared the news.

"I got a job offer as a partner to another firm," she shouted in glee at him.

He offered an excited smile in return and asked her for more details.

She had explained that her new job was in a city in another state. They were going to move.

"It's perfect, Lucky," she had told him as she straddled his lap on the couch. "I can't stand living here anyway. Too many bad memories of Vicki and getting shot and all. Now we can both have a fresh start!"

Dread had washed over him at first, but he only shrugged it away. Addison was the only person holding him back from wanting to leave in the first place and considering she hadn't even attempted to contact him since Cheryl had come back for him, he thought gaining distance from her would be what's best.

He then had sex with Cheryl on the couch at that very moment. The sex had been great with her since her return. She seemed more adventurous than before and even came up with things that he hadn't thought of. She had made it a point to learn every turn on that he had, even if he didn't realize he had that turn on.

He had grown accustomed to her body. To her smells and sounds. He knew every inch of her and giving that they tried new things, the sex never got boring.

The plane flight had been something of nightmares for Lucky. He had never flown before and once the tires of the bus with wings stopped rolling, he swore he'd do whatever was in his power to avoid doing so again. 

Cheryl didn't mind the flight. Of course, Cheryl got to fly in the front of the plane and not in the men's holding chamber. 

They called a taxi that took them through the gigantic city. Lucky looked around in awe as every building seemed to reach higher in higher in attempts to touch the sky itself. He thought the city back where they came from was big, but the sights in front of him now made his old home look like a small town.

Once the taxi stopped, the two got out and walked to closed double doors made of glass. She waved some kind of card across a small scanner by the doors and a click sound signified that the doors unlocked. 

She pushed the doors open and he followed her inside. They stepped into a huge lobby with a woman behind the desk wearing a great smile on her face to greet them.

"Welcome to Blue Stables Apartments," the woman said as Cheryl approached her. Lucky stayed back, unsure of the proper process for a man in the building. 

Cheryl shared a small but friendly conversation with the woman before walked back across the lobby to Lucky once more.

"Our apartment is on the twentieth floor," she said with excitement shining in her eyes. "Our apartment is twenty D."

Lucky followed Cheryl toward the elevator. She was practically skipping. He hadn't seen her this happy in a long time. The hidden sadness of her eyes was almost completely gone.

He stepped aside to let a group of women out of the elevator and stepped inside once the area was clear. He looked back to see a few glancing at him, but their stares were not the stares of hatred that he had grown accustomed to, but stares of intrigue.

The elevator doors started to close and he looked up to see a woman dashing toward them and shouting for someone to hold the door. She held multiple shopping bags in each hand that swayed back and forth to her steps. Her foot must have gotten hooked on something because she fell forward, dropping her bags in order to catch herself with her hands.

"Lucky," Cheryl said as he placed his hand between the closing doors and ran toward the woman to help her. 

He shook his head in disbelief as he made his way to the woman. She might not appreciate a pathetic man trying to help her when she was fully capable of helping herself, but he knew that his desire to leap into action was something that had helped him and his master in the past and refused to let such a quality go.

He dropped down next to her. 

"Are you okay?" He asked as she started to laugh.

"I'm fine," she said as she looked up at him. "Thanks."

He offered his hand and to his surprise, she accepted it. He pulled her up and took a better look once she was picking her bags back up.

Her blonde hair was longer than he had ever seen before with it dropping to her lower back. Her height was about average, but her muscular physique reminded him of Rebecca from back home. Her skin was tanned to point of looking bronze and her dark blue eyes seemed to pierce right through him as he handed her the last bag.

"Thanks again," she said with a smile. 

He returned the smile as he glanced down her body. He tried to do it quickly so that she couldn't tell, but a knowing smile on her lips told him that he wasn't fast enough. She wore a light gray business suit tight enough to showed her every curve. Her breasts were large, but firm looking and she smelled like a flower.

"You're new here yes?" she asked as the two walked toward the elevator that Cheryl was holding open.

"Yes miss," He started.

"Lois," she finished for him. "No miss. Just Lois will do."

Lucky was taken aback by how polite a stranger was being to him. Why wasn't she treating him like a worthless object? Why was she being so nice to him in a public area?

"Are you okay?" Cheryl asked once they stepped into the elevator.

"I'm fine," Lois said with a laugh. "Thanks to your man here. I'm Lois."

"I'm Cheryl," his master offered. "And this is Lucky."

"Lucky?" Lois repeated with a cocked eyebrow and the same smile from earlier. "That's a good name."

"What floor are you going to?" Cheryl asked as she pressed the button on the elevator.

"Twenty," Lois answered.

Cheryl quickly turned with a smile stretched across her face and her eyes wide.

"Us too," she declared, which drew a more genuine smile from Lois. "What a coincident that we'd meet like this."

"I guess me falling turned out to be a good thing after all," Lois stated, attempting to hold the same amount of excitement as Cheryl. "It makes a good icebreaker."

Lucky leaned back against the elevator wall as he watched the women talk to one another. He was used to this. When women were speaking to each other, his job was to become unseen. Lois was making that impossible though. She kept stealing glances at him. Something in her eyes excited him.

The elevator stopped and the doors slid open with a ding. Lucky waited for the two women to step out before he followed. He stepped out into a long corridor that stretched both ways for a great distance to his right and left. The building was quite large.

"Which apartment are you?" Cheryl asked Lois as she looked both ways just as confused as he was.

"Twenty N," Lois answered. "Which are you?"

"Twenty D," Cheryl said as she looked at one of the doors to see a letter representing which one it was.

"Really?!" Lois said in a happy tone. "You're right across the hall from me!"

Lois led them down the hallway to the left to a door with the tag "20 D" on it. She stepped back and gestured to the door right across from it. "20 N"

"This is eerie," Cheryl squealed in one of the happiest voices he ever heard come from her.

"Look, I know you have a lot of nesting to do," Lois began as she swiped a keycard across a small reader on her door and pushed it open. "But we should get together for dinner sometime soon. I can spread all the gossip about the building."

She gave Lucky another look, but he looked away. He didn't know how to react to Lois. Where he had come from, staring at a woman would end up getting you in a lot of trouble. She was a strange woman to be sure, but he just didn't want her to be intrapping him into making a mistake.

"That sounds wonderful," Cheryl said as she swiped her keycard across hers and pushed 20 D open with her back. "Don't forget."

"If I did then you always know where I live," Lois laughed before closing the door behind her. 

Lucky followed Cheryl into their new home. Cheryl closed the door behind them as he looked around the area.

The living room was three times larger than the one he was used to and the furnishings were already laid out with a long white couch that contrast the dark brown hardwood floor and a tv almost the size of the wall hanging on the wall in front of it. He looked over to see that it had an open kitchen, which was also different from the house they had moved from. A small hallway leading to somewhere he couldn't see from her angle off to the immediate right and a large door stood in the center of the wall to the left.

"This place is huge," Cheryl chimed as she tossed her purse and keycard on the white marble bar that separates the Kitchen from the living room.l

"You can say that again," Lucky breathed as he stepped toward the center to look down the hallway.

Two doors set at the end of the hallway across from each other. He walked down and opened one to find a small bathroom and turned to open the other. He pushed the other door open and found a large desk with a computer monitor on top.

"I only asked for a one bedroom," Cheryl stated as she followed him into the hallway. "You sleep in my room more than your own anyway, so I figured we didn't need the extra expense. I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not," Lucky said as he turned to look into Cheryl's eyes. 

Her face showed excitement still, but there was something else there as well. An expression that he had grown both used to and very fond of. She was horny.

He placed his hands on her hips and turned her body before pressing his body to hers and sandwiching her between him and the wall. She breathed out as he slid his hands down her back and over her ass to grab a handful. 

"Of all places to fuck me you choose the hallway?" She teased as she pointed toward the door at the other end of the apartment.

He lifted her up by her asscheeks as she wrapped her legs around his waist. He carried her across the apartment and pushed the large door open to reveal a bedroom twice the size of the one he was used to, with a large bed and another door within that had to lead to the master bathroom.

He dropped her on the bed as she worked frantically to remove her shorts and panties. He looked down at her as she lied back with her legs spread for him. Her slim body and pale skin shined from the sun that was beaming through the window. Her eyes seemed to sparkle with a fresh life as her smile failed at any attempt at hiding her happiness at that very moment. 

A fresh start is what they both needed. 

With a smile, Lucky dropped his knees to the floor and pulled Cheryl's hips toward him until her pussy was on his face. He slid his tongue up her slit, drawing a long and soft moan from her lips above him. He tickled her clit with this tongue for a moment before diving inside to taste her. She squirmed as he played. She moaned as he tasted and she gripped the comforter as he pleasured.

After a while had passed, Lucky stood up and dropped his pants to reveal his fully erect dick. It jumped in the air as he became excited to fill her.

She looked down at him with a look of pure ecstasy in her eyes as he leaned over her and pressed his lips to hers. He could feel her tongue enter his mouth and taste herself on him as he pushed the tip of his cock into her pussy.

She arched her back and moaned as it filled her with his rod before pulling back once more. He worked himself in and out of her in a slow and teasing manner. He knew how she couldn't stand it. He knew that it drove her crazy when he did that, but he also knew how large her orgasm was once he gave her what she truly wanted.

"Cum inside me," she whispered as he picked up his pace. 

Her moans slowly turned to screams as he began slamming himself into her so hard that it created an echoing slapping sound of wet flesh on flesh. He pushed himself up with his arms as he worked his hips back and forth to look down at the woman below him.

Her breasts jiggled up and down her chest to the jarring motions of him fucking her and a small amount of saliva was pooling down the corner of her mouth as she held her lips apart in her series of moans and screams. 

He could feel the end of his stamina reaching him shortly and knew it was about time. She must have felt it too because she wrapped her legs around his waist and held on tight as he continued fucking her.

"Fill me with it," she begged as he felt her pussy tighten around his cock. 

Her screams revealed her orgasm and that was enough to set him off to the point of no return. He slammed his dick into her one last time and blasted his cum inside of her deeply. Her body twisted and rolled as her orgasm took hold of her and refused to let go. He continued to pound himself inside of her until he felt empty entirely. 

Once he had finished, she released her hold on him and he fell over on the bed next to her.

"Welcome home," she said with a small laugh. Lucky shared her joy with a laugh of his own and watched as Cheryl stood up from the bed and walked out of the room and back into the living room. 

He watched her firm naked ass sway back and forth as she stepped out of sight before lying his head back on the bed and staring at the ceiling. 

Maybe this was best for him. The move seemed to be helping him get Addison out of his mind. He felt something inside of him mending. The pain of her loss was still there, but it was more bearable now. It was almost like moving had slapped a bandage over his broken heart. 

There was hope.

He turned his head to stare out the window at another building across the street. He was still in awe of the size of this new city. He couldn't' believe such a place exists. He wondered how many people he would meet here. He wondered if his status as a man would hold him back from experiencing some of the wonders.

He thought about the blonde woman with the bronze skin. He wondered what she did for a living. He wondered what she thought of men.

He wondered if he'd get the opportunity to find out. 

Not that he wanted to betray his master. That part of his life was behind him. He knew where he belonged and who he belonged to, but he couldn't stop his brain from thinking. He couldn't stop his body from desiring. All he could do was stop the two factors from connecting.

Lois was her name. 

Lucky's eyes grew heavier and heavier as he thought of the woman.

A change of scenery is just what he needed.