 More Wine Please

The dark blue walls of the bedroom seemed to close in as Lucky awoke to find Cheryl curled up next to him. 

He smiled as he noticed that she hadn't bothered to put her pants back on before curling up on the bed and passing out. She must have been just as exhausted as he had been. He gently slid his hand over the curve of her hip before standing up.

He had dreamt of Addison again. Just when he thought she had left his thoughts and he could outrun his heart, it made corrected him. In his dream, he and Addison had been inside the small cave behind the waterfall once more, but this time was different. This time, he was able to converse with her about the events that followed.

"Why did you let me go so easily?" He had asked her. "I waited for you for months to find a way to get me back. You never even tried."

"You don't belong to me," she had told him with a sad smile. "I didn't need you anymore. The fun had ended. It was time for me to move on."

The sting of her words hurt him even in the waking world. He knew that it wasn't really her. He knew that it was just a dream. It was just a visual impression of his true worries played out like some cruel joke on himself. He knew all of this and yet the pain was still real.

"Part of it has to be true," he quietly mumbled to himself as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes and quietly stepped out of the bedroom, pulling the door shut behind him.

The living room area looked massive, which brought his thoughts out of the darkness for a moment at least. He walked over to the kitchen that was only separated by a bar with a marble top and held a glass under the faucet to fill with water.

The entire area was so bright that he had to shield his eyes even though no lights were on. The large windows, that nearly covered the entire wall, had no shades hanging from them. Sunlight exploded into the room making watching tv completely impossible due to the glare. He scanned the room for any other activities that could help keep his thoughts of the dream away, but there was nothing.

Furnishings had been covered but not much in the form of entertainment. No games, board or digital, waited for him to try so that was out of the question as well. Cheryl had taught him how to read a bit better so books were a new product of entertainment that he enjoyed as well. 

Unfortunately, there were no books within the apartment either. 

Cheryl had decided to sell her house and bring as little things with them as possible in order to "properly move on".

He leaned back against the bar and sipped on his glass of water, giving up on finding something to take his mind off of his dreams.

How much of that dream was a reality? He had no way of knowing, considering the real Addison abandoned him as soon as that phone rang. As soon as Cheryl had told her she was on her way to pick him up, she had left any thoughts or passion behind.

He wished he could be as cold.

Shaking his head in anger, Lucky set the glass, half full of water now, on the bar and marched back toward the bedroom door. There was one thing that seemed to always help get his mind off of Addison. 

Cheryl called it mad sex, and she had no idea how correct she was. She loved it when he would aggressively have sex with her. She thought of it as simply him trying new things, but in truth, it was him fucking his anger for Addison out. It only worked temporarily, but at least it worked.

He pushed the bedroom door open and looked at the bed where Cheryl lay. The sunlight was shining on her ass so perfectly that it seemed like a sign from one of the gods from a book Cheryl had helped him read.

She curled her body up a bit more, pressing her knees to her chest and gave a slight moan. She still wore her long sleeve black shirt with the v-cut neck which contrasted the pale skin of her naked bottom half.

He reached into his pants and began stroking his cock until it grew into a full erection. She shifted her weight a bit more in her sleep as he approached her, pulling his pants to the floor and discarding them with a kick.

Addison. Why?

He gripped his rod in one hand and pushed her asscheeks apart as she lay on her side. Her slit felt warm but not wet as he pressed the tip to her and began to push. She was too dry for easy access, but his internal anger fueled by her slight unconscious moan was enough motivation for him to thrust his hips forward, entering her womb entirely in one motion.

Her body tensed and she snapped her head around to look at him with a wide-eyed expression.

"Lucky," she shouted as her brows narrowed into an angry expression. "What are you doing?!"

He answered with another thrust of his hips, pulling halfway out of her and shoving in again as he gripped her hip tightly, Keeping her on her side as she let out another scream.

"Jesus," she shouted, but her body released some of the tension as he felt the moisture build up around his erection.

Thrust.

The sounds that had originally sounded like a protest had shifted to pleasure as she moaned and straightened her back to make access a bit easier for him.

Thrust.

"I love your mad sex," she said in a half whisper, half moan. "Don't hold back."

He pulled out of her pussy and a smile grew on his face as he aimed his wet cock back a bit and pushed the tip against the puckered wall of her asshole. She looked back at him with wide eyes and even opened her mouth to say something, but he didn't give her the opportunity. 

Thrust.

Screaming, Cheryl threw her head back and arched her back as she gripped the pillow above her on the bed to bring to her face and mask her scream. She had grown to love anal sex but was always apprehensive at first. 

He held himself still as he felt her asshole struggle against him. He could feel it tightening around him as her body lied completely still as she groaned into her pillow. 

Thrust.

He let go of her hip, allowing her to twist around on her stomach as she pushed her hips up using her knees on the bed. Her muffled cries in the pillow were still loud enough that he smiled at the thought of giving the neighbors an audible show. 

Thrust.

He could feel the moisture of her cunt against his balls with every pounding into her. Her asshole seemed to be closing and loosening so frequently that it felt like it was massaging his dick every time he stopped long enough to feel it.

Thrust.

She cried out as her body worked into convulsions. She was cumming and Lucky could his orgasm not too far behind.

Thrust.

Thrust.

Thrust.

The feeling of her asshole squeezing and releasing his cock along with the sounds of Cheryl screaming in pleasure into her pillow was too much for him to hold back any longer. He slammed his cock one more time into her ass and grunted as he released his hot sticky juices into her. 

She lunged forward until she lay flat on her stomach once again as he fell forward to follow as he shot the last stream into her. Moments went by as he caught his breath before he stood up and pulled his dick out of her ass, allowing a portion to pour out once he was no longer plugging the exit.

She twitched a few times as he watched his cum drip from her asshole and run down her pussy like a slow moving waterfall.

"Bad dream?" She finally asked with a soft smile as she rolled over and sat up on the bed to look at him. "You're mad sex is usually after you've had a bad dream."

It was strange to have someone know him so well and yet not know any of the deepest and darkest parts. 

Cheryl had no idea that he had had sex with any other woman. She still thought that she was the only one. She had no idea about Tara or the terrorist organization. She knew nothing of the assassin beyond the fact that she had been shot. 

And most importantly, she had no idea about his true feelings for Addison.

"I can't remember," Lucky lied as he looked out the window of the bedroom. 

Cheryl stood and followed him to the wall to look out the window beside him. He turned to regard her and smiled at her true beauty. The sun bounced off her face and glistened in her black hair as she ran her fingers through it to rid the knots from her sleep. She looked at him once more with a returning smile.

He pressed his lips to hers as he pulled her body to his for a long hug.

"What's that for?" She asked once he released his hold on her.

"I appreciate you is all," he answered honestly. Guilt rushing through him.

"I appreciate you too," she said softly as she laid her head over on his shoulder as they watched the sky get redder with an approaching dusk. 

"It'll be dark soon," Lucky observed.

"Hey," Cheryl said, launching her head erect as she looked to Lucky with excited eyes. "Let's invite Lois over for dinner tonight!"

"Lois?" Lucky asked. He was curious about the woman but didn't expect Cheryl and Lois to get together for their dinner for some time to come.

"Our neighbor dummy," she answered, confusing his question. "We have nothing else here so might as well right?"

"What are we going to have for dinner?" He asked as he started walking out of the room and toward the kitchen once again. "Do we have anything here?"

"We can order delivery," she explained as she stopped short of following out of the room and turned toward the dresser instead. "What sounds good?"

"Anything really," Lucky answered as he picked his half glass of water up and began washing it in the sink.

"Come on," Cheryl said from the other room. He could hear her closing a drawer a moment before hearing the sounds of a zipper running up. "You have to want something more than other things."

"I could go for some Chinese food," Lucky answered. The mention of Chinese brought his memories of Herron back to mind. 

He hadn't seen Herron, the Chinese assassin that shot Cheryl in order to draw Tara from hiding since the night he had had a threesome with her and Addison in the cabin.

"Chinese sounds good," Cheryl answered as she stepped out from the bedroom wearing tight fitting jeans and a white short sleeve shirt. "I'll run across the hall and see if Lois can join us tonight before I order any food."

Cheryl pulled the bottom of her shirt down to pull any wrinkles out as she stepped toward the door that led out of the apartment and Lucky listened from the kitchen as she knocked on the neighbor's door.

"Hey," he heard Lois's voice call in a chipper tone.

"Hey, I was wondering if you wanted to make that dinner tonight?" Cheryl asked.

"Sure," Lois said, at first sounding reluctant to accept.

"Are you sure?" Cheryl asked with concern in her voice. "If you're busy then we can do it some other night."

"No no," Lois called back in a reassuring tone. "Sorry, I'm good tonight. I was just trying to think about what was on the agenda tonight. The thing I have is tomorrow night so I'm free this evening."

Lucky listened as Cheryl and Lois came up with a time and talked about whether Lois liked Chinese food or if she'd rather have something else. She mentioned him a few times during the conversation and he couldn't help but to detect a change in Lois's tone every he was brought up in the conversation. 

He wished he could get a read on what Lois thought of him. It made him nervous to have so much attention given to him by another woman. Those kinds of things had never worked to his benefit in the long run. Sure, he had been able to have sex with a lot of beautiful women because of his gift, but it usually ended in them trying to kill him or in heartbreak.

The gift.

That was something else he hadn't thought of in a long time. His darkest and most secret thoughts were mostly about Addison, but there was the gift that the terrorist organization had given him before his conscious thoughts took hold that he held from Cheryl as well. 

He wondered what Cheryl would think if he told her the truth about it all. He wondered if she'd change her mind about him if she found out that his semen carried some kind of genetic pheromone altering chemical in it that caused women's thought process about him to alter to the point of becoming obsessed with his sex.

"Tonight as seven," Cheryl said, snapping his thoughts back to reality. 

She had entered the apartment and was staring at him from a closed door with a slight bit of concern on her face.

"What was your nightmare about?" She asked. 

He wasn't sure what brought that up but just shrugged in response. 

"Something's been bothering you Lucky," She said as she approached him and place a hand on his face. "You can't hide anything from me."

If only she knew.

"I was just lost in thought is all," he told her with a forced smile. "You don't need to worry about me."

She seemed to take his answer as proof enough and walked toward one of the cabinets to see what was inside. She rummaged through various cabinets as her face grew more and more disappointed with each closed door.

"What's wrong?" He asked after she closed the last door and leaned back against the counter.

"Lois is bringing a bottle of wine and we don't have any wine glasses," she said with a huff and a drop of shoulders in defeat. "She said she didn't have any and I told her that I did."

"You liar," he teased with a smile.

She looked up at him with a frown but seeing his smile, she gave a slight chuckle. 

"All we have are these glasses," she declared as she held up the glass that Lucky had just washed.

"Won't that do?" he asked as he leaned against the bar so that he was standing directly across from the frowning woman.

"It'll have to I guess," she finally sighed before moving on to another topic for the night. "I'll order some Chinese."

She stared down at her phone as she browsed for a local Chinese restaurant that would deliver to her apartment as Lucky looked behind him to the window. The daylight was slowly disappearing, leaving the apartment a shadow of the bright room it once was. He walked over to a light switch and switched it on.

"It'll be here in twenty minutes," Cheryl stated. Her happiness back in her tone. "But someone will have to go down and pick it up. Do you care to grab it?"

"Of course not," he answered with a smile and nod.

"Great," she chimed as she looked around the apartment. "We have a lot of work to do to make this place feel like home. First thing on my agenda is to get some blinds for those giant windows."

Lucky looked over at the windows to see that they appeared black with the lights of the apartment on. It was like one of those magic mirrors that Addison had told him about where they can see you but you can't see them.

The twenty minutes had gone by with nothing of note occurring. Cheryl began making notes on what she needed to do to make the apartment more "inviting" and Lucky nodded his head and pretending he knew half of what she was talking about. Color matching and fashion was something way beyond him. A text on her phone had told her that the delivery woman was waiting for him outside the building.

Apparently, the building that they lived in was a strict one with who could and could not enter. Having something delivered was strictly forbidden beyond the front doors so when the residents ordered something, they were responsible for retrieving it. It was an inconvenience but nothing bad enough to, complain about really.

"I'll be right back," Lucky told her as he left the apartment and made his way toward the elevator that they had come up in. 

More women walked the hallways than before, as they seemed to be returning home from whatever businesses they worked for. Some carried bags and others walked empty-handed, but none smiled at him the way Lois did.

She really was something unique.

The elevator dinged and he stepped out into the main lobby to some curious stares from women to see a man walking by himself, but none apparently thought it ill enough to bring it up to him or anyone else. He kept his eyes facing forward as he walked toward the double glass doors to find a short woman with curly black hair and darkly tanned skin holding two large paper bags just outside the glass.

He pushed the door opened and gave the woman a smile, making sure to not hold his eyes to her for too long. She sniffed at him but made no gesture nor words to acknowledge him.

What was he supposed to do?

"You lost?" The woman snapped once she had decided he stood near her for too long.

"My mistress sent me to gather the Chinese food," he answered subserviently. 

"She did?" The woman said with a growl. "Well, you go back up and tell your mistress that I don't do business with men!"

Lucky started to step back and turn when a familiar voice stopped him in his tracks.

"And I'll just make sure I give your restaurant a call and tell them how rude their Chinese delivery woman, who is not Chinese by the way, was to me," Lois stepped up behind him and he felt her hand gently touch his back and give a small squeeze. "I bet they'll be pretty quick to react to a complaint coming from one of the heads of their advertising agencies."

"I'm sorry," the woman stuttered as she handed the bags out. 

Lucky reached out and took the bags from her. She shot an angry glare his way before turning and walking off as fast as she could without actually running. With that, she was out of sight and he turned to look at Lois.

"Thank you," he said as he lowered his head to avoid eye contact with her.

"Don't' mention it," she huffed before clearing her throat and continuing in a much calmer tone. "Don't let people like her get you down Lucky. The world's changing and some people just can't keep up."

He wondered what she meant by "changing". The interaction with the delivery woman was the norm for him. He hadn't really experienced anything different unless he had sex with a woman before. They had all acted like he was an inconvenience just for being a man.

"You go on ahead," she said once she seen that he wasn't going to say anything else. "I'll be up there in a few minutes with the wine."

He made it back to Cheryl's apartment without incident and helped her as they spread the food out on paper plates across the floor in front of the couch. Cheryl had thought the light in the living room was a bit too bright and so brought out some candles that she had packed for such occasions and lit them across the room, giving the area a soft and warm glow.

Shortly after the last candle was lit and the last paper bag was tossed into the kitchen trash can, the door knocked and Cheryl skipped over to answer it. 

Lois stepped inside the apartment wearing a long brown skirt that stopped just above her ankles and a tight short sleeved brown shirt with a low cut v neck. Her long blonde hair was tied up in a large knot, revealing tattoos of colorful stars running up one side of her neck. 

"Thanks for inviting me," Lois said with a warm smile as she held out a large bottle of dark-colored wine. "I hope red works for you."

"It all works just fine," Cheryl laughed as she gestured to the floor. "I hope the floor works for you. We only have the one couch and no table yet. At first, I thought the place was fully furnished, but it turns out a couch and bed is all that is considered fully furnished anymore."

Lois laughed and shrugged as her eyes locked on Lucky, who was sitting on his knees on the floor while he worked at separating the plates so that they would be easier to tell apart. She offered him a warm smile and a wink, causing him to swallow hard. 

"Also," Cheryl said, causing Lois to snap her eyes off of him and to her. "I hope you don't mind drinking wine from one of these." 

Cheryl was holding up a drinking glass like the one Lucky had drunk from earlier and was smiling in the awkward way that she always used when feeling uncomfortable. 

"Hell," Lois started with a laugh. "I'd drink it straight from the bottle itself if I had to."
