 Hangover Cure

"Lucky," came a soft call in his ear, waking him in a start. "I didn't mean to scare you."

Cheryl stared down at him with a weak smile on her face. Dark bags sagged under her eyes and her hair stuck up in every direction. She looked like she felt terrible.

"Are you okay?" He asked as he propped himself up on his elbows.

"I feel like a train hit me right between the eyes," she explained.

He realized that she was shading the light of the morning sun with one hand as she sat next to him in the bed. The smell of fresh toothpaste blew his way as she spoke softly. 

"I wanted to ask you a favor," She whispered so softly that he could barely hear her, but it seemed too loud for her at the moment because she winced and closed her eyes as the words came out.

"Anything," he answered, trying to speak as softly as he could so he wouldn't hurt her head any more than it hurt already. She smiled gently and patted his shoulder with her free hand in a way as to say thank you.

"Can you run across the hall and see if Lois has any headache medicine?" She asked, trying to maintain eye contact with him.

"Sure," he answered as he pushed the covers off of him and stood up from the bed. He stepped toward the master bathroom and grabbed his toothbrush as Cheryl continued her pathetic whisper.

"I'd ask her myself, but I'm afraid she might be as affected by the wine as I am and I don't think I can handle anyone speaking above a whisper right now."

Lucky finished brushing his teeth and returned the toothbrush to the small toothbrush holder next to the mirror before exiting the bathroom to see Cheryl staring at him. She hadn't moved from the bed and she still had not put on pants for the day. 

"I'll be right back," he promised as he walked toward the bedroom door before looking back. "Just relax."

He wondered if Lois would even remember the previous night. She had almost as much to drink the last night as Cheryl. He licked his lips and could still taste her kisses. He opened the door and knocked on hers as he closed his own apartment door behind him. 

He heard feet shuffling slowly to answer the knock when he looked down to realize that he had left the apartment wearing only his underwear and a t-shirt. The thought of returning to his apartment and getting dressed crossed his mind but the door opening was his signal that it was too late for that.

Lois stood at the door eyeing Lucky with a partial smile on her face as she squinted. Her long blonde hair was frizzled out and she wore only a long white shirt that went down to barely cover her ass.

"Hey Lucky," she said in a rough voice. "It's super early."

"I'm sorry," he offered as he smiled. "Cheryl asked me to see if you had any headache medicine."

Lois's smile extended and she stepped back into her apartment, leaving her door open. He stood and waited for her to return, but her voice called to him to follow her and close the door behind him.

He stepped into her apartment and closed the door behind him as asked. Her apartment was laid out identical to Cheryl's. A large living room with the open kitchen split by a long bar with a marble top. Her decorations were quite different though. Her wood floors were covered up by soft carpeting and her walls were painted a dark purple.

"I figured she'd have some difficulty this morning," Lois said. 

He looked over to see her bent over in the kitchen with her head stuck in one of the lower cabinets. Her long hair frizzed out all the way to her lower back as he heard sounds of pots and pans clinking together that almost hurt his head.

"You had quite a bit to drink as well I remember," he said with a slight chuckle. In truth, he was trying to hint at how much she actually remembered. Would she remember what they had done or was that all lost to the fuzziness of alcohol?

"Not as much as her," Lois stated as she stood from the cabinet and looked at him with a knowing smile. "The wine was only the courage to do what I wanted to do anyway."

"I'm glad you don't regret it," Lucky said as he looked away from her, embarrassed to have doubted her. 

"Regret it?" she said incredulously. "I want more!"

She stood on her toes as she opened one of the tall cabinets and began rummaging through it in search of the medicine.

"I know I have some. Just not sure where I put it last," As she stretched up, her shirt rose with her, revealing her round ass and the same silky brown panties that she was wearing just the night before. He eyed her ass like a lustful hunter before lifting his gaze to see her looking back at him with a smile.

"I'm sorry," he admitted as he felt the heat come over his face in embarrassment. 

"Anytime you want to do it again," she began as she moved a large basket out of the way and reached behind it. "Just come on and do it."

He could feel his erection growing, expanding his underwear. He stared at her ass and a low groan vibrated his throat. He wanted to pounce on her right then. She was giving him permission. He wanted to feel her around him just like the night before. He wanted to hear her moans again. Cheryl was awake and waiting for him though. His master was expecting him to help her. He had to wait, but what if he could make it quick?

Lucky walked over to Lois's back as she continued her search in the cabinet's above and pulled the center of her panties aside to make room for him. She jumped in a start as he pulled the fly of his boxers to the side and shoved his cock inside of her in one quick motion.

"You don't waste any time do you?" She asked before a series of short moans followed. 

He could feel her warmth around him as he pushed and pulled himself inside of her over and over again. Her moans transitioned from short quick ones to long drawn out ones as he continued to fuck her. 

She pressed her hands down on the cabinet but remained on her toes as he pushed her forward until her face was almost against the wall under the still opened cabinet above her. She cried out as he felt her cunt swallow him and tighten. Her juices splashed against his inner thighs and he knew that she had cum for him, but he wasn't done.

"You better hurry," she whispered through hissing moans as her body began to relax from her orgasm. "Cheryl is waiting for your return."

Lucky pulled her back as he felt a stool behind him. He sat down on the stool and pulled her on top of his lap at the same time. She moaned a bit louder than she had been as she began grinding her hips against him, feeling every inch of his pounding.  

A knock came from the door of Lois's apartment and Lucky looked with wide eyes as it slowly swung open.

"Hello?" Came Cheryl's call.

He must not have closed the door entirely when he had entered!

Lois started to jump off of him, but he held onto her hips and leaned back until his back landed on another stool. Lois sat still on his dick as she spoke.

"Hey Cheryl come on in," Lois said. Her voice sounded more normal than he would have thought. Aside from a slight quiver as she spoke, he wouldn't have known she was doing anything but standing behind her bar.

"Hey Lois," he heard Charyl greet in a rough sounding whisper. "Have you seen Lucky? I asked him to come here and ask for some medicine from you."

"Grab a seat," Lois said in a quiet yet cheerful tone.

"Thanks," Cheryl said as he heard the sound of a chair being pulled against the tiled floor that surrounded the bar. 

Cheryl was setting on the other side of the bar as he lied on the barstools just across from her with his throbbing cock in their new neighbor's pussy! He couldn't believe that he was in a situation like this again. He had promised himself that he would never allow it to happen again and yet here he was. 

Lois grunted slightly as Lucky adjusted his weight on the barstools, causing his rod to shift inside of her. 

"Here's the medicine," Lois said as she leaned over the bar and handed something to Cheryl. "Lucky must have had too much last night as well. He's in the bathroom."

"Oh," Cheryl said followed by a moment of silence. "I'm sorry. I'll go get him."

"Don't be ridiculous," Lois said with a forced laugh. "He's human too Cheryl."

"I know," Cheryl said with a chuckle. "It's just some women..."

"Some women are fools," Lois cut her off with sincerity in her voice.

She closed her legs a bit and Lucky could feel her cunt close in around him a bit as her heart pounded around him. He closed his eyes and squeezed her hips.

"Lucky's a good man," Cheryl said. Her voice was sounding more awake than before. That medicine seemed to be working quickly. "In more ways than just his job."

"Oh?" Lois said. "And what job is that anyway?"

Cheryl was silent for a long moment. Lucky could feel Lois open her legs back up slightly before closing them again. Her pussy's throbbing increased around him as he felt his dick begin to pulsate inside of her.

"He pleases me," Cheryl stated and sounded like she hoped that would be enough. After a long moment of silence, she finished. "Sexually."

"Really?" Lois asked. With astonishment dripping off every word she continued. "Is he any good?"

"He's the best," Cheryl said, sounding a bit more at ease than before. "I mean, I have no experience beyond him really, but he's perfect!"

Lois rose up slightly as she leaned further across the bar. Her pussy lifted a few inches up his rod, leaving a cold feeling as the air in the room touched the base of his wet shaft. 

"What does he do?" He heard her whisper to Cheryl. 

"Everything," Cheryl whispered back, excitement in her voice. "He's tried things with me that I never thought I'd try before."

"Like what?" Lois asked as she leaned a bit further. Lucky's dick was barely in her at this point. If she leaned forward any more then he would fall out.

"Sometimes he sticks his dick in my ass," Cheryl explained in something above a whisper but just shy of speaking tone.

"You like it?" Lois said, true excitement in her voice.

"At first I didn't," Cheryl admitted. "It hurts like hell, but the pleasure that follows is amazing!"

Lois leaned up a bit more causing Lucky's dick to slip completely out of her and fall against his stomach. He reached down to lift it back up and aim it once more. Lois started to set back down as he started to push his dick into her pussy, but she shifted her hips over until the tip of his throbbing cock was pressed against her asshole.

She wanted to try anal now?!

"I've never tried anal before," Lois admitted. "I hope if I ever get a chance then he'll be gentle."

He could tell that her words were meant more for his ears than Cheryl's. He lifted his hips up slightly to apply a small amount of pressure against her ass with his dick. 

"I've heard some women say that going slow is the best way to start something like that," Lois said as her voice tensed up. He wondered if she was regretting her decision already.

"Most of the time but Lucy has surprised me a few times and it ends up being so amazing," Cheryl said cheerfully. "Anyway, send Lucky my way when he's done in the bathroom. I better get back."

"So soon?" Lois asked as she slowly lowered her hips down to apply more pressure against his cock as he held it still.

"All this talk about Lucky has me wanting to nest a bit more if you know what I mean," Cheryl stated with a slight laugh. "Thank you so much for the medicine. I'm so glad that I lucked out with a neighbor like you!"

Lucky could see Cheryl's arms as she leaned over the bar and wrapped Lois in a hug. Her sudden hug shoved Lois down on his cock, causing her ass to swallow all of him at once. Lois screamed from the shock and pain of having his dick in her asshole so suddenly.

"Are you okay?" Cheryl asked with concern in her voice. "You look all flushed."

"I'm fine," Lois groined. He could feel her asshole squeezing him tightly as he felt heartbeat pound into her.

"Maybe you should take some of that medicine too," Cheryl said.

Lois shifted her hips a bit as her asshole loosened up. 

"Maybe you're right," Lois moaned. He reached around her and felt her pussy was dripping wet. She continued to grind her hips just slightly enough that her motions could still be hidden from Cheryl's view.

He worked his fingers over her clit as she maintained her grind as Cheryl continued to talk with her about health, which led to her discussing her job, which led to her reasons for moving.

"It just felt like the right time you know?" Cheryl said.

"I know what you..." Lois started to say just as she was cut off by a spray of juices from her pussy as her asshole tightened once more around his cock. He felt his own orgasm coming on and didn't see a reason to hold it back any longer. 

His hands instinctively tightened into fists as he blasted his cum into Lois's asshole sending her into a series of grunts as she leaned over the bar in attempts to maintain control.

"Aww,' Cheryl said. 'You poor thing. Here I am talking about myself while you're over there suffering. Just tell Lucky I'm waiting for him and get some rest."

"Thanks," Lois managed to say through heavy breathing.

Lucky heard the sound of Lois's door shutting just before Lois spoke again.

"We almost got busted Lucky," she whispered urgently. 

She moaned as she stood up, raising herself from his softening dick. Cum dripped down her ass toward her inner thighs as she stepped away from him and slid her panties back to cover herself once more.

"I've never orgasmed like that before," she admitted as she ran one hand through her unkempt hair. "We have to try that again."

"I'd love that," Lucky said with a horse as he sat up and looked around the living room. 

"Under different circumstances though," Lois said in a serious tone. "I like Cheryl and don't want to ruin a budding friendship."

"I understand," Lucky said. He didn't want to be in a situation like that again either. As exciting as it was, he didn't want to risk his relationship with Cheryl.

"You should get back to Cheryl," she said before turning to smile at him while she pulled her panties to unstick the glue-like semen that held her flesh to cloth. "She'll be expecting similar treatment from you. Hope you can get it up again this soon."

"Don't worry about that," Lucky said as a smile stretched across his face. He couldn't tell her about what he was. He wouldn't dare share the information about the organization or their Project Lucky, but it didn't' matter. "I never have that issue."

She looked down and her eyes went wide as she noticed his erection growing once more.

"My turn soon," she said with a cocked eyebrow.

Lucky returned to Cheryl's apartment to find her waiting for him in the kitchen. She was sitting on top of the bar with all of her clothes stripped off and lying crumpled on the floor. He smiled as he approached her.

"How are you feeling?" She asked before her eyes widened when she looked down. "Where are your pants?"

"I was in such a hurry to help you that I forgot them," he admitted and in truth, he was being honest. "Lois said that you had come in and got the medicine. I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry," Cheryl said as she spread her legs for him to see her that her pussy was already wet for him. "Guess what I want."

Lucky pulled his boxers off and stepped out of them as he made his way toward his master. She looked at him with lustful eyes as he approached her. As he pushed his body against hers, he could feel the warm wetness of her pussy brush against his erection, causing a gasp from her open lips.

"Poor Lois," she said. The words shifted from normal to a moan as he pushed his dick inside of her. "She seemed to be in a lot more pain than me."

"I'm sure she'll be okay," Lucky said as he pressed his lips to the nape of Cheryl's neck. 

"I'm sure she will be too," she said in a whispered moan.

Lucky worked himself in and out of her as she continued. Her words becoming more and more filled with pleasure as she went on.

"I think she'll be a good friend. I start work tomorrow and have an assistant of my own. I've never had one assigned to just me before. I hope she'll be worth having. Who knows? Maybe I'll end up making friends with her as well."

Her words were getting louder as he picked up his pace. He was listening to every word she was saying. He always did. But the most important thing to him at that moment was to please her. He wanted to give her the gift of orgasm because of her kind words about him earlier. He wanted to feel her orgasm on him. He wanted to hear it.

"I'm sure she'll be perfect for you," he said as he slid back in.

"I'm sure it'll all work out," she moaned as she wrapped her arms around his neck and held him tightly. He picked her up from the bar and braced his legs as he began picking her up by her hips and dropping her on him again. "My boss seems nice enough too. I still can't believe what my old firm did behind my back. I was wounded after all. They should have been more kind to me."

Lucky pulled back and looked down to see the small scar on Cheryl's stomach. The entrance wound of the bullet that had gone through her stomach was fully healed up, but it left a scar to remind both of them of that time. For Cheryl, it was a reminder that crazy things could happen at any time, but for Lucky, it was a reminder that he had people after him. There still was an organization that had made him the way he was. He had no memory of his life before waking up from that tube. He didn't know who he was before he became Project Lucky.

Shaking the thoughts from his head he looked back up to Cheryl's face. She was biting her lower lip as she came. Her body jerked and twitched as he continued to work himself in and out of her in a quickened fashion. 

Project Lucky didn't matter anymore. They had moved to another city in another state. The organization couldn't find them even if they were looking for them. There was no way.

He felt his cock swell as his muscles jerked slightly. Holding on Cheryl's hips as tightly as he could without hurting her, Lucky shot stream after stream of his hot cum into her womb until no more would come out. He sat her back on the bar and stepped back. 

Cheryl was looking at him with admiration in her eyes as his cum dripped from her pussy and onto the marble top of the bar. She smiled at him and gave a little wink.

"Nothing like a nice orgasm to wake me up from a hangover," She said with a laugh.