 Hope Nothing Changes

Cheryl's transitional week had flown by as Lucky often found himself running over to Lois's apartment for one reason or another so that he could give Lois the sex that she desired before returning to a usually horny Cheryl. 

Life was great for the sex slave in his new home. He couldn't have asked for a better existence. He knew from experience that the glory he was experiencing at that moment wouldn't last forever which led him to long for it as much as he could while he still could.

The organization would be after him eventually. He had to keep that in mind. There was no way they'd just give up on something they spent so much time and money on. He had to admit to himself that he was nothing more than an object, which was nothing new in the current world anyway.

Men were slaves. That was the way it was for hundreds of years and the world thought they were better off for it. Men were born to be servants. When a woman said, "He's a good man." It meant the same as when they said that a cow that produced enough milk was a "good cow." Nothing more and nothing less.

Cheryl was different. She held a different mindset to her than other women. She held that mindset even before he had had sex with her. He had changed many women's minds about him since Cheryl had bought him, but it wasn't exactly because of his charm. 

He held no memories of life prior to waking up in a large vertical tube within the organization's headquarters. All he knew was what Tara had told him. He had volunteered for Project Lucky along with a handful of other men around the world. As far as he understood it, he was the only one to survive the operation. 

He was the only man who held the powers to confuse women into a love-like state through his semen. He knew it worked, for he seen it first-hand many times. Women would have sex with him and it wouldn't be long before they'd return to have more. They became addicted to him. Any possible way they could get him, they would take it.

When his thoughts weren't fixated on Addison, she was always in his thoughts, he wondered just how powerful his ability truly was. He'd seen changes in women for sure, but Cheryl was already a caring sympathizer to men and the others maintained their demeanor with him for the most part. 

Vicki had been the largest change that he had seen but he later found out that the organization had bribed her to help with their mission. Once she had finished her part of the bargain, she was found dead. This left doubt in Lucky's mind.

Lucky lied on his back as he stared holes into the bedroom ceiling as his thoughts raced. The heavy sounds of Cheryl sleeping next to him giving him just enough comfort so that he held back and anxiety attack. He looked over at her and smiled.

He wished he could tell her about who he was. He wished he could tell her everything. She still thought of Vicki as a dear friend. She still thought of Addison as a friendly detective. She thought of Rebecca as a rival from the past. She had no idea what Lucky had done behind her back. 

The shadows took on a sharper look just before fading as the morning light drifted through the window. Cheryl's alarm would go off soon and she would be getting ready for her first day at the new firm. It was a big day for her. She would meet her new coworkers. She had a difficult time falling asleep the night before due to her concern over whether she would make a good first impression or not. 

Lucky shook his head in disbelief. How could someone so charismatic and talented ever think she could be disliked by anyone? It didn't make sense to him, but then again, modesty could do that to a person.

Modesty, Lucky thought of the word and smiled again. Since Cheryl had started teaching him to read, he had picked up on a much larger vocabulary and the word modesty was one of those words. A word that every other woman knew and found it to be a word that everyone should know as if a language was a base instinct, but he didn't take any words for granite. 

It seemed the more he learned, the less he desired to free men from their current position in the new world. He read through the history books, at least the ones approved by the government, and could see nothing but war and famine caused by the ruling of men. He looked around today and seen no war nor hunger. He saw the world as a brighter place with men, not in control and therefore he felt no urge to aid the organization, even if freeing men was only a ruse to allow them to take control over the UN.

Cheryl's phone rang out some tune he didn't know the origin to and she began to stir in the covers. She reached over and tapped "dismiss" on the screen of her phone as she sat up in bed. 

The morning light shining through the window left a glowing outline around Cheryl's nude body as she was sitting still and wiping the sleep from her eyes. She turned to acknowledge Lucky with a smile. Concern was concealed behind the smile that didn't quite meet her eyes.

"You're going to do great today," Lucky reassured her, reading her current mood. "Who in the world wouldn't like you?"

Her smile became genuine as she let the words sink in. 

"You're so sweet," she chimed as she leaned over him and gave him a quick kiss on the lips before stepping off of the bed. 

He couldn't help but stare at her naked ass as she bent over and began digging through one of the drawers of the dresser. She pulled out a pair of black panties and tossed them on top of the dresser before moving on to another drawer. Soon, she had her entire outfit picked out and lying nice and neatly on the dresser before turning to stare at him once more.

"One for good luck?" She asked. The light from the window shining on her body made her look like some kind of gift from the gods. He smiled at her and threw the thick blanket over to show her his nude and ready body.

She looked him up and down, stopping several times as her eyes met his erection in the morning light. She chewed on her lower lip as she slowly approached him, making an effort to sway her hips from side to side as she moved. The bed shifted slightly as she crawled over his legs and lied down on her side. She followed his body from his throbbing dick and locked her eyes to his as she wrapped her fingers around his cock and lowered her lips.

He could see the morning light shining off of a drop of pre-cum on the tip of his dick as she squeezed and parted her lips slightly enough to kiss the end. She raised her lips once more and his pre-cum was replaced by a small amount of her saliva. She licked her lips and smiled up at him while her hand began to slide up and down.

She looked from his eyes toward her work and dropped her parted lips once more. This time, her mouth was opened a bit wider. Wide enough to take him in. He could feel her warm and soft tongue roll around the side of his cock as her mouth surrounded all of him. She pushed forward until he felt the end of his dick touch the back of her throat, but she learned how to deal with that from experience. She pushed further down until he felt his dick slip past her throat.

She pulled up with a slight gag before looking up at him with an open-mouthed look that said she was ready for him to take over. A small string of pre-cum and saliva clung from her bottom lip to the tip of his cock.

"I have to leave soon," she said in a whisper. 

"Enough said," Lucky answered back as he sat up in bed and rolled Cheryl over on her back as he spread her legs apart and lied on top. 

Her eyes sparkled with lust and excitement as he pushed his hips forward enough to feel the end of his dick push against her pussy. She moaned as he pushed a bit more until he felt the tip slip inside. Her fingers gripped the backs of his arms as he pushed more and more until his hips met hers.

He began thrusting his hips forward and back at a pace that gradually increased until the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh were almost as loud as her shouts of pleasure. Her fingers felt like they were digging deep into his arms, but he dared not stop due to the pain. Her mouth open and her eyes closed, she would orgasm soon enough.

She wrapped her legs around his waist as he pounded himself into her. Her screams turned to pleas for him to continue just before he felt her pussy tighten around him. Her juices leaked out around her thighs and moistened the bed below them as he rammed his cock into her quicker and quicker. He could feel his own orgasm coming soon and was trying his hardest to fuck it right out as soon as possible.

He grunted as he felt shot after shot of his hot cum release into her womb, sending her into yet another orgasm of her own. 

After a few minutes of catching their breath, Cheryl rolled off of the bed and skipped into the bathroom. He could hear the shower turn on as she began singing to herself. He sat up on the bed and looked at the dresser. 

"What are you going to do today?" She asked from the shower as he stood up and walked toward his underwear drawer.

"I have no idea," he answered and it was the truth. He had nothing planned and it wasn't like he could just walk out and go shopping or anything. A smile grew on his lips as he thought of the all the women's reactions to a man walking alone and doing whatever he pleased. That smile turned into a grimace as he thought about the consequences he could have to face.

"Well, whatever you decide to do," she sang out before he heard the shower turn off and the current slide open. "Have fun."

He pulled a shirt out of another drawer and looked over as she walked from the bathroom while scrubbing her body with a towel and tossing it in the hamper behind her. She smiled at him as she grabbed the panties that she had picked out.

"I might read," he said after a moment of thought. "I'm really enjoying that last book you gave me."

"I'm happy you like it," she said as she began pulling her clothes on at a quick pace. "I've gotta go or I'll be late for sure."

"Have a great day," he said to her as she gave him a quick kiss.

"You too," she called out just before the door closed behind her, leaving him alone in the apartment for the first time since they had moved there.

Not but a couple minutes passed before a knock on the door had Lucky opening it. He pulled the door open to find Lois standing just outside the frame with a smile on her face. He smiled back as he took her in visually.

Her long blonde hair was tied up in a large bun and she appeared to be dressed for work. Her button up blouse was pushed out by her large and perky breasts and was tucked into her matching slacks tight enough to see her natural curves.

"May I come in?" She asked with a wink. He moved to the side, allowing her room to step into the apartment before closing the door behind them. 

"You about to go to work?" He asked as he turned to regard the beautiful woman. She was already pressed against him and had his back pressed against the door as her open mouth pressed tightly against his. Her tongue slipped inside his mouth as her hands slid under the elastic of the gray sweat pants that he had chosen for himself for the day.

"I am," she breathed as she pulled her mouth away. Her hands slid over his growing erection and gripped tightly. Her eyes widened in happiness as she dropped to her knees, pulling his pants and underwear down in the process. "I don't have time to have sex, but I just wanted to taste you before I had to leave. Cheryl ran a lot later than I thought she would."

He closed his eyes as he felt the warm breath coming from her open mouthwash over his shaft as her hand held a firm grip on the base. He looked down just in time to see his dick begin to disappear into her mouth as she pushed forward. He could feel her tongue roll around as her lips closed tightly as her head bobbed back and forth. She wanted him to cum as quickly as he could. She wanted to taste him. 

She began moving her head quicker, trying to match the speed that he usually pounded himself into her with. She began to moan as he was sure his dick was leaking a slight amount of pre-cum. She sucked the juices down and continued to shove her head back and forth. He could feel the back of her throat from time to time, followed by a gag from her.

Her hand squeezed tighter around his cock as her free hand cupped his balls gently. He knew that he would be able to release his cum soon. He knew that's what she wanted. 

"I'm going to cum," he announced as a warning to her. His loads were very large and would be difficult for her to swallow all of it. This was the first time that he would cum in her mouth and wasn't sure if she knew what to expect. She didn't stop though. Her head continued to work back and forth as he felt his balls tighten and shaft swell.

With a grunt, he fired his first shot into her mouth. She made a surprised gargling noise as he felt he hand grip a bit tighter. Another shot and she let out a small gag as the stream of cum surely hit the back of her throat directly. He looked down at her struggle as his third shot fired out. She stopped working her head back and forth and focused on keeping as much of his cum in her mouth as possible. It ran out the corners of her mouth as she released his empty dick and pulled her head away to look up at him with widened eyes of surprise. Cum ran down her mouth and chin, dripping to the floor and smeared over the hand that had been gripping him.

"My god," she exclaimed once she swallowed what she was able to. "That was unexpected."

"I tried to warn you," he said with a chuckle as she stood up and walked into the main bathroom to wipe her face off.

"You did try," she admitted as she stepped back out of the bathroom, her face and hands clean. "I hate to run, but I have a late night tonight. A lot to do today."

"I understand," Lucky said with a shrug. "I'll find a way to keep busy."

"That reminds me," she said as she stopped herself from opening the front door. "I'm friends with one of the neighbors on this floor. I've told her all about the two of us."

Lucky gave her a look of concern. Cheryl couldn't find out. It would be over for him if she found out. He didn't want to break her heart and at the same time, didn't want her to break his.

"Don't worry," continued, seeing his concerns. "She can be trusted, especially with all the dirt I have on her. Anyway, she's intrigued by what I've been telling her about you. I think she doesn't believe your skill to be true. Her name's Toshiko and she's just down the hall in room 20 B. Wanna meet her?"

Lucky eyed Lois and then the door. Did he want to extend his list of sex partners already? Did he even have a choice? Lois was a nice woman and he didn't think she would do anything to harm him if he turned her offer down, but just the same why not humor her?

"Sure," he said with a nod. He didn't know if what he was doing was the right thing, but it felt right enough at the moment. He could already feel his erection begin to swell at the thought. 

"Ok then," Lois said with a smile. "Come on."

Lois opened the door and Lucky followed. He closed the door behind him and made sure it was locked. Cheryl had given him a spare keycard so he didn't have to worry about locking himself out for any reason. Lois walked quickly down the hallway and Lucky had to almost run to keep up. She stopped at the door and knocked before turning to smile at Lucky once more.

"She's going to love you," she said as they waited for an answer.

The door pulled open and Lucky seen a short, petite Asian woman with shoulder-length black hair that had white highlights running from the roots to the tips. The woman smiled at Lois and then turned her dark eyes to him. Her smile remained, but her expression changed to something else entirely.

"You're lucky?" She asked. Lucky opened his mouth to say something but Lois spoke quicker, causing him to snap his mouth back shut.

"He is," Lois chimed as she leaned in and whispered something to the Asian woman that caused her eyes to widen slightly. "I've gotta go. You two have fun." 

Lois gave Lucky one last wink before dashing to the elevator, leaving him in the hallway with the Asian woman standing just inside her apartment watching him.

"I'm Toshiko," she said in a gentle voice. "Come in."

Lucky followed her into her apartment and looked around to see solid black walls and dark gray carpeting that covered everything except for the dark tiled floor of the kitchen. Other than the design and carpet, her apartment was laid out exactly the same as Cheryl's and Lois's. 

She closed the door behind him and walked into the living room to take a seat on the couch before patting the cushion next to hers. He followed her gesture and sat down next to her and forced himself to look into her eyes. 

Her eyes were dark, almost no color other than a splash of brown, and her smile was small, yet genuine. She wore a tight fitting halter top that showed her small, but perky breasts and her thin and almost bony shoulders. Her shorts were so short that he initially thought they were underwear, but the design on the sides showed him otherwise.

"Lois has been telling me about how gifted you are," she explained, obviously trying to break the ice. "I have a hard time believing a man could be so gifted. Please don't think of me as a man-hater. It's just that I've been with a lot of sex workers and I've never really felt too impressed."

"I'm not offended," Lucky said with a shrug. 

Although the woman was of Asian background, she didn't seem Asian to him. She looked the part, but his experience with Asian women had only been with one other at that point. Heron, the assassin, was as Asian as one could see. Toshiko held the appearance and the name, but spoke and acted like an American. 

"So," she began and cleared her throat. She seemed uncomfortable. Was she waiting for him to initiate the action? He could do that if that were the case.

He leaned toward her and slid his hand behind her head as he pressed his lips to hers. He slid his tongue between her lips and felt hers join in on the dance. He placed his hand on one of her shoulders and moved it down her body. He felt her small but firm breasts before sliding over her tight stomach. She breathed a bit heavier in anticipation as she seemed to focus on her and his tongue. 

He slid his hand over the crotch of her shorts and felt the warmth of her slit through the material. She was ready for him. She was ready to find out if Lois's tales were true. He pulled his head from hers and dropped to his knees on the floor, pulling her shorts off to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties. Her shaved pussy shining in the light for him to stare at for a moment. 

Her frame was so small that he was worried about hurting her. Cheryl had a small frame too, but Toshiko's frame was as petite as he could imagine. She looked down at him with dreamy eyes and a half opened mouth as he pressed his lips against her inner thigh and gave it a kiss. 

He could feel her hands run through his hair as he kissed his way up her inner thigh until her wet pussy was directly in front of his mouth. He pressed his lips to it and gave a small kiss, drawing a soft moan from the woman. 

His ran his tongue up her slit, from the bottom to the top, and she moaned a bit louder. Her fingers gripped in his hair, holding his head as tightly to her pussy as possible. He dove into her with his tongue and began playing with her clit as her legs closed around him. He continued this for a long time as the woman moaned until her body began jerking about and her cunt began spasming. She released his hair as he rose his head and looked up at her.

Her eyes were fixated on him with an expression of wonderment. She opened her mouth to say something, but Lucky was in his mode of expertise and didn't need to hear what she had to say. He stood up and pulled his sweatpants and underwear off, kicking them out of the way. She eyed his fully erect cock with widened eyes as it bounced in the air in front of her. 
