 Jessica looked at the clothes that Sargent Choi had given her with a tinge of excitement mixed with confusion.

She had worn dresses like this when she went on 'dates' with officers back when she was in Basic Training.

Jessica had loved going out into the world on those dates, but had also hated them. Dates with officers had always led to sex in some dirty hotel room, being pawed and fucked, made to feel degraded and used.

Not that she had understood her feelings back then, no, back then she had just been a PG and had thought that that was how life was.

Yet at the same time, going on those dates had shown her the real world, a world full of wonders and knowledge. A world where people were polite and reserved, where women were treated as delicate and men would hold open a door in some kind of strange socially accepted show of gallantry.

The world outside of being a mere 'Pleasure Girl' or Marine was so very different. She had limited experience of it and the clothes that Choi had given her reminded her that she knew so very little about it.

Still, as she dressed, she was excited by the prospect of going out into it and seeing more, even if it did mean she would have to do the things she thought she would have to. It wasn't as if she wasn't designed for those things.

Suzi, the new PG in the unit, helped her dress. They were in their bunk room along with the rest of the platoon. 

For limited privacy, Gibs had taken the unusual step of curtaining off the two bunks where Jessica and Susanne slept, much to the disappointment of the others.

Suzi cooed "Oh, these are soooo pretty." As she helped Jessica into a pair of opaque beige stockings with a lace top. Securing them in place with the clips of her suspenders that hung down from the tight corset she was now wearing.

Jessica grinned girlishly, "aren't they just." She agreed while wishing that Suzi wasn't quite so stupid and incapable of a proper conversation.

Next came the dress itself, stiff and high necked with a hem that brushed the floor, it was fashionably chaste and demure with light pink ruffles and lace at the wrists and neck.

Jessica looked at herself in the mirror and wished she had longer hair, her auburn locks were cut short and only just bushed the nape of her neck. Women tended to have long hair and would do it up in elaborate styles, But she wasn't a normal woman. She was a Marine and a former PG.

It didn't matter that she now had an ID card and dog tags that declared her as a planetary recruit.

She knew what she was and still thought of herself as a Marine PG. Though she could refuse sex now and unless she was naked, no one could actually tell she was one of the company's 'pleasure girls'.

Her Uniform lay on the bed, neatly folded. Where it had once displayed her PG number, it now read, Davis. J. PFC. So far she hadn't had a chance to wear it with her new identity. 

Choi had given her the very nice and pretty dress the same day. Telling her to get dressed as a civilian.

Suzi tied Jessica's hair back with a black ribbon and sighed wistfully, "I wish I could go on dates, no one took me off base when I was in basic."

Jessica patted her shoulder, "Things are different here, it's nothing like Basic." She said by way of consolation.

Her own life had changed dramatically since being on board the 'Jean-Paul' and she hoped that even if Susanne wasn't quite a fully functioning 'human', she could and would come to enjoy some of the freedoms that she herself was.

A big part of that had been down to accepting and trying her best to utilise the combat chip she had. 

Basic as it was, her chip made her a better soldier and had pretty much saved her life.... Or so she thought, not really understanding that her own intelligence was the major factor.

******

Jessica stepped out from behind the curtained off area to be greeted by Harris and Williams wolf whistles.

She felt pretty and appreciated that they were a compliment. Still it wasn't as if she was used to dressing like this and for some reason felt a bit embarrassed.

She glared at them with mock annoyance that made them laugh and slap each other on the back.

Smith... 'TomTom' as he was called, grinned and handed her a small clutch purse, "nothing in it but a HG9, but Girls carry a purse." He said with a shrug.

She smiled gratefully at him, being armed was always nice to her now and she had wondered where she would 'carry'. TomTom had neatly solved that for her.

Most women wouldn't have asked, but she was a Marine... "Armour piercing or HE?"

Smith grinned, "BOTH, I loaded it with interspersed half and half."

Jessica grinned wolfishly. "Perfect, thanks TomTom."

The compact HG9 wasn't standard issue, but she had practiced with one and knew it was an excellent weapon.

"Have fun." Said Williams, grabbing his crotch and miming something rude.

Jess rolled her eyes at his antics, anyone else and she might have been annoyed, but Willy was her back up and they had a close bond. He was one of the few she let fuck her on a regular basis.

She gave him the finger as she walked to the bunk rooms door, passing the new recruits who still didn't understand why a 'PG' was treated and respected as a Marine.

She noticed Hicks sullenly whispering to Markowitz, no doubt still pissed that both her and Suzi were allowed to refuse sex.

Not that Suzi ever did. It was just that Gibs and the other remnants of the original squad made sure that the new PG wasn't used to the point where she could hardly walk or string a sentence together.

*****

Hank waited at the door, dressed in his whites.

He smiled at her, "You look like a Civilian." He said with an approving nod.

Hank Choi was her Sargent, but when alone she was allowed to call him 'Hank', she still wasn't sure what was going on between them. Her feelings were confused on that point and in her limited experience she didn't really understand the significance of his attentions.

She liked it though and was looking forward to spending some time with him away from the others.

She did know that whenever she saw him, her tummy flipped. Seeing him dressed in his Whites wasn't new, but for some reason she suddenly felt shy, worried and excited.

Butterflies rolled around inside her as she took his arm and walked down the corridors to the restaurant.

Amethyst Station had four eateries, only one was worthy of the title 'Restaurant'. Chez Louis, was packed with men and women from the station.

Choi's Naval whites drew a few looks, it was rare for Marines or anything less than a Captain to come here.

Jessica got a few looks too, she was stunningly pretty, even with her short hair, she was truly beautiful. Tall and slim with an obviously nice bust and waist, she drew the eye of most men.

Dressed as she was, she looked like a very pretty young girl coming for a meal with an NCO from a ship.

Most people assumed she was the daughter of some frigates officer out on a date.

Choi was nearly fifty, but looked about thirty, his dark Afro Chin heritage belayed his age, as did the Marine Corps anti-aging drugs that were issued to keep its soldiers fit for duty as long as possible.

Jess had been on dates with officers when in basic, so she knew how to act. Waiting as was proper, for the waiter to pull out her chair and then sipping at her water delicately as Choi ordered for them both.

The food wasn't as good as she had had on E3, but it was much better than anything on the 'Jean-Paul', she savoured every bite and finished her plate with pleasure.

Choi wasn't much for small talk, but he tried his best and she chatted back well enough. The conversation turned inevitably to combat, both of them more easy with that as a subject.

"I'm going to give you Hicks as well as Williams as back up." He said as desert arrived.

She played with the chocolate confection on her plate as she thought about it. Snipers didn't get more than one back up. Not by company Regs.

"Hank..... I don't really KNOW what's going on." She said truthfully, finally comfortable enough with him to say it.

He nodded. He knew she had no point of reference to the way he felt about her. He knew she didn't understand how much it hurt inside when she let one of the troopers fuck her.

He himself didn't fully know WHY he felt the way he did, yet she was special to him in a way he hadn't felt in over twenty years. The fact that she was a genetically designed fuck toy was a problem, yet she wasn't like other PG's.

In fact she now had a full name and ID that said she WASN'T a PG.

Ignoring her confusion, he shrugged. "I care for you Jess." He said intensely, hoping she would one day understand.

His statement made her tummy flip over and she stared at her plate. Why was he so important to her? She was confused but aware that her feelings were very real.

In a way it was almost a default reaction when she said. "I want you inside me." In a whisper.

Choi hadn't used her since before Uraisa Six.

He had told her that he didn't want her unless she wanted him. Right now she wanted him very badly.

Choi called for the check and pressed his thumb to the presented pad without really looking.

He smiled at her in that way he sometimes did, a little touch of sadness to it. But it changed his strong features, softening them in a way that Jess liked very much.

"We can't, sorry Jess, but you're a Private now and it wouldn't be right." He told her gently.

She looked at her plate, unwilling to let him see her eyes as she felt them well up.

It was all so confusing and she felt incredibly hurt at his refusal. She knew the Regs as well as any Marine, but he had gone to so much trouble to make her 'human' and she had felt so sure he wanted to fuck her.

She thought of it as fucking, but different. Jessica had no concept of 'making love', but in her mind's eye that is what she was thinking of, doing it with Hank in a way that was a display of love and affection, not just ramming away at each other in the pursuit of pleasure.

"Okay." Was all she whispered. Not knowing how to explain her feelings.

Choi mentally kicked himself. This wasn't going the way he had hoped. Storming a hill seemed emotionally easier than trying to make Jess understand how he felt without compromising her or making things even more complicated.

He could tell she was upset by his refusal.

They stood to leave and he offered his arm as before. She took it hesitantly and let him walk her out of the restaurant.

As they walked along the wide corridors of the civilian area on Amethyst station she remembered something. "Hank, thank you for the dress and food." She gave him a soft smile, wanting him to know she wasn't angry, just confused by it all.

"You like it? The Dress I mean."

"oh yes, it's very pretty." She nodded, "I CAN keep it can't I?"

He stopped in a small alcove that had a view of the 'Jean-Paul', "Yes, it's yours. You can wear it again next time you get shore leave."

His arm went around her waist, nothing sexual, just gently bringing her to his side for closeness.

She hadn't thought about that yet, Jessica Davis, would get shore leave, as a 'pleasure girl' all she got was mandatory rest periods for her body to recover from sex.

"Can I take it with you?" clearly meaning the shore leave.

"I'd like that Jess." He said with that same soft smile she liked so very much.

She looked up into his eyes and wished she could kiss him. Being this close to him without being able to show him any real affection was torture for her.

She had had time enough to process and understand his earlier refusal to bed her, without full comprehension but a clarity in her mind that he was only doing what he thought best for them.

She blinked her eyes a few times and looked out at the 'Jean-Paul' it's bulk was impressive, even old as the cruiser was, it was a magnificent sight.

"When do we leave?" she asked wistfully.

"Six hours." He replied as he looked at the side of her face, her profile looked delicate and beautiful.

The corridor was empty.

He turned her face with a calloused hand that was surprisingly gentle. Tilting it upwards, he lent down and kissed her lips softly.

She felt light headed as they kissed and her heart beat so fast she thought it might explode.

Their lips parted and she breathed quickly. "Why?" she asked, her brain a little scrambled.

He swallowed, unable to give her an answer that would make sense.

"We have to go. I'm sorry Jess."

She nodded and took his arm, leaning her head on his shoulder as they walked.

It would have to be enough. She would wait.

******

At the bunk room door, Choi handed her an info tablet.

"It's loaded with a few books you might like."

She smiled as she took it. "Thank you." She said with feeling, books had become important to her, they contained knowledge and insights into the world she found herself in.

"There is also a brief history of the holy company. It's not very accurate in some ways, but it might help you."

She lent up and stood on her tiptoe to kiss his cheek. "Thanks Sarg." She said.

He grinned, knowing why she had called him Sarg, right outside the bunk rooms she was already making the mental shift back to Marine.

Any doubts of her smarts and any worries he had about her being able to separate what they had from soldiering were removed.

"get to it PRIVATE." He growled out, for once without his usual menace.

She grinned and blew him a kiss, very un-marine like and very girly. He shook his head in amusement as he turned on his heal and walked to his room.

******

"Coming in HOT." Shouted the pilot.

The drop shuttle fell like a stone and the Recon Marines held on tight to the harnesses that were clamped down over their chests.

The engines screamed as the shuttle braked hard.

Rebels had fired Surface to Air planetary defences that they shouldn't have had and two drop ships were gone out of the seven that had headed down.

Choi held on grimly as he looked over his platoon, nearly all raw recruits that had no combat experience.

They had simulated this landing, but a sim couldn't fully prepare them.

"HOLD it TIGHT, Stay Frosty and deploy as trained." He shouted over the screaming sound of the engines.

Jessica spared a quick glance at Susanne, stupid name for her she thought as she looked at the scared girl.

Williams grinned like a maniac while Smith dozed.

Gibs smacked his pulse rifle, "THIS is what it's all about LADIES." He shouted.

The newbies looked like they wanted to puke, only Ramirez and Calderreta looked like they were ready.

Ramirez still looked like a kid, but one with a grim determination, her short black hair hidden under her helmet while her dark eyes glared defiance.

Calderreta kissed his rosery, calmly eyeing the drop ships door as if he had done this many times.

Normally they would have been on Recon. But Command wanted all hands on deck for the securing of Eden City. 

The rebels had only just taken it and Command thought a fast response would overwhelm them and cut off the head of the rebels.

Problem was, Ships Four and Six were now space slag, the west of the city would have to wait.

Their pilot was the same madman that had rescued them off this planet a few months ago and had agreed willingly to Choi's idea.

Instead of landing he pulled up and hovered, skimming along the ground at a fast pace as the back ramp dropped.

"GO, GO, GO." Shouted Choi as they went.

The Marines ran out and dropped in a scatter formation with weapons levelled outwards, covering all areas with undeniable expertise.

Choi was making the best out of his raw kids.

Scattering them like this while allowing them to cover each other was the best way to minimise casualties and secure their LZ.

*****

William's and Hicks ran with Jessica in a crouch to take advantage of a small hillock.

Red faced and flushed with frightened excitement, Hicks crouched down next to Jess. "All Clear." He gasped out.

Williams adjusted his belt fed RFRG. "Fuckwit.... Nothings all clear yet." He growled out.

Jess scoped the area.

She keyed her commlink, "In position Sarg, I see two sentries on the wall."

Choi signalled to Gibs who moved up with his section. Scanners active for any sign of Proximity Mines.

The rebels shouldn't have any, but after the surprise of Surface to Air defence, nothing was a given.

Uraisa Six was a plush and vibrant planet, one of the few that hadn't taken much to terraform.

Forests and thick vegetation offered almost too much cover.

Gibs ran his section forward carefully while Smith and Harris closed in on Choi.

The other Drop ships landed and they all heard the clatter of small arms fire, interspersed with the scything ripping sounds of RFRG's.

"MOVE UP." Said Choi.

Jess ran with Williams and Hicks, well ahead of the rest.

Jessica dropped the sentries with pinpoint accuracy while they faced the other way, stupidly ignoring their assigned duty as they tried to see what was happening in the City.

******

Sargent Choi had been told to take and hold the cities one and only power plant. Tactically it was important for more than just it's power supply as it was also located on a hill that overlooked the entirety of Eden City.

His commlink crackled with the chatter from the main force, it was going as well as could be expected, so he muted the back chatter down a bit, not wanting to be distracted, but still loud enough for him to know if something went to shit.

Harris unlocked the gates with a computer override and the platoon moved forward into the compound in teams, covering their flanks and watching for hostiles.

Choi had expected more resistance, but wasn't going to complain at the ease with which things were going so far.

He signalled to Jess and keyed his commlink to hers directly. "Take the tower, drop anything that's not a Marine."

She nodded and hurried off in a crouch with Williams and Hicks covering her, moving with her to set up an overwatch post.

Hicks froze as a rebel walked around the base of the tower and scrabbled for his side arm in shock, clearly not expecting to see Marines in the compound.

Jess shouldered Hicks aside and fired, the large calibre round of her sniper rifle making a large hole in the rebels chest.

Williams glared at Hicks, "get it together rookie." He said angrily. As he followed Jessica to the tower and hoped that would be the last mistake Hicks would make.

Jess slung her rifle across her back and climbed the ladder as quickly as she could while Hicks took a knee at the ladders base to cover her and Williams rapid ascent.

Hicks knew he had fucked up, he looked outward with determination. Scanning for hostiles with every intent of not freezing up again.

It was plain embarrassing to have been saved by a fucking PG.

*****

Smith eyed the stairwell dubiously as his team ran towards it, the body of a rebel was laid out next to its entrance. Yet another kill by Jess from her overwatch position.

So far, there hadn't been much resistance, Choi and his team had wiped out a roomful of rebels in the control room, but other than that, there had only been a few guards who were foolishly not working in pairs.

Still, he took no chances as he signalled for Ramirez to back him up. They stepped into the stairwell and moved downwards, the rest of the team following as Smith and Ramirez took point.

It was nerve-wracking work, clearing buildings and stairwells. Their breathing was faster but other than that Smith and the pixie like Ramirez gave little sign of their frayed nerves. 

Both of them fired a short burst into the young man that turned the corner with a pulse rifle dangling from his shoulder. The rounds making a mess of his blue boiler suit and flinging him back against the wall like a rag doll.
