 Am I a Monster?

Lucky stared at Lois in horror as he digested what she had just suggested. How could he put himself in such a situation? How could he put himself in a position where telling Cheryl seemed like the necessary steps even if it meant he and Lois both revealing themselves to her?

"No," he said in a whisper. "I have to think of another way. Cheryl can't know."

"I don't want her to know either Lucky," Lois said as she stood on her knees and looked down at her ripped panties. "You seemed out of control though. You looked more afraid of yourself than I ever could be."

"I know," Lucky said as he closed his eyes. "Give me some time to try and figure it out though. It would be a bit ridiculous to ruin everything for the both of us just because my body and brain are going through a strange faze. Maybe it's something I can work out."

"I would love for that to be true," Lois said, but her frown told him that she didn't believe it. After a long moment of her thinking, she finally spoke again. "Okay then. If you think you can control it then I'll forget the whole thing."

"Thank you," Lucky said as he sat up on the floor and looked at her. "Did I hurt you?"

Lois looked into Lucky's eyes without speaking for a moment. Her facial expression went from one emotion to the other, but she landed on sympathy as she spoke.

"No," she said, obviously lying. "But you ripped my panties."

"Sorry," Lucky forced a laugh. He knew she was trying to lighten the mood and he wanted that just as bad as she had. He stood up from the floor, pulled his pants back up and walked toward the door before turning to regard the woman still on her knees behind him.

"It's okay Lucky," she said softly as he locked his eyes on hers again. She forced a small smile as she stood and approached him. 

She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed him into a tight hug as he returned the favor with his own squeeze. She was such a nice and beautiful woman, and Lucky swallowed hard as he worried over whether he was doing the right thing by not telling Cheryl.

"I have to get ready for work now," Lois said as she released him and looked into his eyes once again. "Are you going to be okay?"

"I'll be fine," he said, trying his hardest to sound confident in his own words. "Don't worry about me. I'll just lock myself in the apartment."

"Okay," Lois said, sounding unconvinced, but nodding just the same. 

Lucky returned to his apartment and closed the door behind him. He stood in front of the door as he attempted to shake the growing static from his head. His heart began to pound in his chest and beads of sweat began to run down his face. The more he struggled the darker his vision became until he couldn't control his actions anymore. 

He must have been standing in front of his door for longer than he thought because Lois had already left for work by the time he left his apartment in search of her. He stood at her door hoping that he would be able to regain control of his body now that he didn't have someone to have sex with, but turned to look down the hall to where Toshiko's apartment was. 

Panic rushed through him as he walked down the hall and knocked on her door. He hoped that she was out. He didn't know what she did for work or even if she worked, to begin with, but he hoped that she was somewhere other than in her apartment.

The door opened and the small Asian woman answered. She was wearing a black dress that opened at the stomach and closed again just below the navel. The dress stopped just shy of her knees and ended with a black trim that Lucky could barely see as it blended with the rest.

She had her hair pulled back in a bun so tightly that it looked painful, and her face was done up with heavy amounts of makeup from thick mascara around her eyes to a dark red lipstick covering her lips.

"Lucky," she said happily. "I was just about to leave for a photo shoot." 

Lucky stepped inside, pushing her back as he kicked the door closed behind him exactly the same way he did Lois. Toshiko's hands were up and pressed against his chest as he walked her into the living room.

"What are you doing?" She demanded with a trembling fear in her voice. "We don't have time for this. I'm going to be late if I don't..."

Lucky wrapped his arm around the woman's back and lifted her in the air as he carried her over to the bar that separated her kitchen from the rest of the apartment. She yelped as he spun her around and laid her on the bar, bent over.

He tried to tell that he was sorry and that he couldn't control it, but whatever had taken control of him wouldn't allow his speech to come out. He watched in horror as he lifted her dress up to reveal her ass as he ripped her panties off of one leg, letting them drift over the other leg.

"Lucky," she breathed. "I really don't have the time." She sounded more intrigued and anxious than afraid now. 

He pulled his pants down, kicking them away, and gripped his throbbing cock in his had as he stared down at the woman's small, but firm, ass. He pushed the head of his dick against her pussy and shoved it in, drawing a scream from the woman's lips as he filled her in one motion. 

She began crying out for more as he hammered himself into her over and over again as she held on as tightly as she could to the edge of the bar. Items were being knocked off the bar as he picked up his pace. Sweat covered his entire body as he worked himself in and out of the screaming woman. He could feel her pussy tighten around him as she began to orgasm, but he didn't change his rhythm. 

"Finish however you want," she breathed once her body stopped its rollercoaster of movements from her orgasm. "Please just make sure you're pleased."

Lucky pulled himself out of her and rolled her over on her back. She looked down at him in surprise, but he wasn't done. He spun her body around until she was lying on her back on the bar with her face aimed at him. She looked up at him with confusion on her face until she felt the end of his dick push against her face. She looked at his dick and slowly opened her mouth.

He felt her lips around the head of his cock, warmth of her breath washing over his shaft. He placed a hand on each side of her head and pushed his hips forward until he felt the back of her throat. She gagged and slapped her hands at his sides, but he pushed forward a bit more until he felt her throat take him in. She gurgled some incoherent words as he pushed until he felt her head pressed against his inner thighs. He pulled back out until his cock bounced upwards out of her mouth, connecting to her lips with a series of strings of his pre-cum attached from his cock to her open mouth. 

She gasped for breath as he pushed his cock back into her mouth and pushed forward again until he felt himself push past her throat once more. She gagged and gurgled, but didn't slap at him anymore. She was accepting it. He looked down her body to see that her fingers were playing with her pussy. 

She was enjoying it!

He pulled back out once more and looked down as she gasped for air. Her dark mascara was running up her face as the mixture of her saliva and his pre-cum washed it from her eyes. Her moans increased as he slipped his cock into her mouth and down her throat once more. Her fingers working furiously.

He picked up his pace, pushing himself down her throat and pulling back just enough to allow her breath before shoving back in again. Before long his pace had picked up to a quick fuck as he rammed his cock down her throat over and over again. 

Her moans had shifted to screams of pleasure that would get muffled by every thrust of his hips. He felt his own orgasm coming soon, so he leaned over and placed his hands on the bar as he thrust his hips back and forth quicker and quicker until he felt his balls tighten. The fuzz in his brain grew so intense that he thought that he would pass out.

Finally, he pulled his cock from her throat and shot his first load in her mouth. He stood up straight as he grabbed his shaft in his hand and pulled out of her mouth. He worried about drowning her in his cum.

She coughed as the first stream of his cum poured from her mouth and up her face, running over one eye. His second load shot a long line over her chin and down her neck, splashing over her black dress. Load after load released from him until there was nothing else to come out. 

The static of his thoughts cleared and he once again gained control of his actions. He looked down at the tiny woman lying on the bar, her head hanging backward in the air. She was covered in his spunk and continued to cough as she rolled herself over and slid off onto her feet. She looked up at him as she wiped the cum from her eye.

"That was unexpected," she laughed. "I have to call the photographer and let her know I'm going to be late."

"I'm sorry," Lucky said and must have had horror painted on his face because she looked at him confused.

"Sorry for what?" She asked with a laugh. "That was fucking amazing!"

She gave him some more reassuring words as she rushed him out the door so that she could clean up and get ready for the photo shoot once again. 

Once she closed the door behind him, he walked down the hallway shaking his head. What was happening to him? How long until he did something that wouldn't be forgiven? How long until he hurt someone? 

He stepped into his apartment and sat down on the couch. He looked at the book that he had tossed on the floor earlier, but just grimaced and shook his head. The book wouldn't help. He didn't think he'd be able to concentrate on it at the moment anyway. Too many thoughts running through his mind. 

He had to tell Cheryl. Things were not going to get better on their own. Things might not ever get better. He was frightened. He had never felt so alone in his life.

A thought came to him that sent chills down his spine.

Was this a side effect of being Project Lucky or was this something the organization was doing to him somehow? What could it mean?

He often thought of Addison. He lied awake most nights thinking of the woman that didn't love him back, but he had never wanted to see her as bad as he wanted to see her right then. She was the only one that knew him. Truly knew him. She was the only one that could actually help him figure out what was happening. 

He thought about turning himself into the organization, but even if he had decided that was the best solution, he didn't know how to contact them. He didn't know where they were or even who they were. He only knew Tara. 

He did have memories of seeing another woman that had stood next to Tara. Some tall red-headed scientist, but he didn't know her name and didn't even know if he'd recognize her if he saw her in a crowd.

What was he going to do?

A knock at his apartment door brought his attention from one set of worries to another. What if it was Toshiko? What if the small Asian woman had changed her mind about his brash actions? What if it was Cheryl? What if it was Lois?

He walked to the door as the knocking continued. 

If it were Cheryl, then she would just use her key card and enter, he thought. Lois only knocked once and she always knocked quietly. Toshiko had never knocked on his door, but he assumed she was in a rush to make up for lost time with her photoshoot. 

Who could it be then?

He opened the door and his eyes shot wide open. His vision became blurry, but it wasn't from the sickness this time. Tears filled his eyes and began to trickle down his cheeks. His heart began to pound in his chest as he stared at the open door.

"Hey Lucky," Addison said as she wiped a few tears from her own eyes. "We need to talk."