 Love's Return

He couldn't believe his eyes. He had been trying to get over Addison ever since she had given him back to Cheryl without any sense of sorrow other than a slight tear that he had seen roll down her cheek on that fateful day. He had grown used to not having her. He had accepted the fact that he would never be able to see her again.

All of that went away as soon as he saw her standing in the doorway to his new apartment. Her eyes were wet with tears as she smiled at him. Her brown hair still just stubble as she kept her head shaved. Her Hazel eyes shining as she looked into his. 

She was wearing a tightly fitted blue shirt that ended just as the waist of her bluejeans began. Her figure was curvy, yet muscular in tone and she looked as though she wanted to leap into his arms.

He reached out and wrapped his arms around her. She felt so wonderful to him. It was like no time had passed between them. The warmth of her body was all he needed. He wanted to breathe in the sweet scent of her perfume as he pressed his lips to the brown stubble on her head. She began sobbing into his chest as her arms wrapped around him in a return gesture.

Tears flowed from his eyes as well as he squeezed her tightly in his arms. He pulled back and looked her in the eyes, keeping his hands on her sides as he was afraid she would disappear from his sight. She was real though. She wasn't his imagination.  

"Come in," he said in a hoarse whisper as she nodded and stepped inside. He closed the door behind them and turned to regard her once more.

"How?" He asked but before he could continue any question, she was pressed against him once more. This time, her mouth was on his. He closed his eyes and felt her soft parted lips worked his open as her tongue gently slipped in. He let his tongue dance with hers as they stood in front of the door and made out for what felt like a flash and an eternity at the same time.

"I've missed you," she said through a quivering voice as she held back more tears. "I've missed you so much."

"I've missed you too," he offered as he released his hold on her to allow her to step back a bit. "I thought you didn't care about me anymore. I thought you gave me up and that was that in your eyes. I..."

"I did what I thought was right," Addison said quickly. "Lucky, it has tortured me ever since. I didn't want you to leave. I wanted to fight for you. I wanted to tell Cheryl that I have fallen in love with you, but there are things that Heron told me about the organization that I never told you." 

"Like what?" Lucky asked, feeling relieved to hear that Addison felt the same about him as he did about her. 

Addison told him what Heron had said to her. She explained that the people that had made him the way he was would be coming after him. She then told him about her recent visit by two women from that same organization. She told him that the women explained that he was in danger from himself.

"I've been losing control ever since last night," he explained. "I try, but something takes over and controls my body."

"So it is true," Addison said as she walked toward Lucky and placed her hands on his shoulders. "I'm not leaving again without you by my side."

"You have no idea how happy that makes me," Lucky said with a genuine smile spread across his face. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers once more. 

She returned his kiss with matching passion. He slid his hands down her back and beneath the waistline of her jeans to feel her soft panties that covered her rump. She ran her hands down his stomach and pulled the button of his pants free before sliding his zipper down. He felt release around his waist as his pants were opened. 

Addison's hands slid over his underwear to feel his growing erection as it begged to be released from its cloth prison. She rubbed the lump in his boxer-briefs as it grew to her touch as their tongues danced quicker. 

He longed for her again. He wanted to feel her around him. He desired nothing more than to have sex with her right then and there. It wasn't the crazy change in instinct taking over, but a different kind of instinct this time. 

He loved Addison and wanted to be with her. He worshiped the woman more than he had ever loved anything else in his life.

Her hands gripped the waistline of his underwear and pants as she lowered herself on her knees, pulling them down in her decent. His cock bounced out happily as she eyed it with lust in her eyes. She looked up at him as her mouth opened. She slid her tongue up his shaft until her lips took the head in her mouth. 

He rubbed his hands over her head, feeling the texture of her closely cut hair as her mouth took all of him in, swallowing his entire cock without slowing. She pulled back until only the tip of his cock was between her lips once more before looking up at him and smiling.

He couldn't believe what was happening. He couldn't believe he had his Addison back. He couldn't believe any of it. He didn't' care about the organization. Damn them if they wanted to keep him from his love!

She pulled her head back and let his cock fall from her mouth as she looked up at him once more and spoke.

"I missed that taste," she purred. "I also miss it being inside of me."

He didn't need any more hints than that. Dropping to his knees, he pulled the button of her jeans free and laid her back. She raised her hips up enough to allow him to wiggle her pants and panties down her legs until he was able to pull them free from her feet. Her shoes came off with her pants and thudded across the floor as he tossed them aside. Her shaved pussy sat in front of him and he wasted no time. 

She moaned and grabbed his hair in fists as he dove his tongue inside of her, tasting what he never thought he'd be able to taste again. Her hips rolled as he worked his mouth against her pussy. He slid his tongue down to her asshole and moistened it with his saliva, causing more moans from his love.

Eventually, he rose his head from between her legs and smiled up at her. She was looking down at him with misty eyes as her smile slowly grew on her face. 

"Fuck me," she whispered.

He lifted himself up on his hands and crawled up her body as she reached out to gently pull on him in the same direction that he was already moving. He looked into her eyes as he lowered his hips and felt his cock push against her wet cunt. Pushing a bit further, he felt his rod slip inside of her, drawing a long moan of pleasure from her lips. 

She closed her eyes as he pushed himself further inside of her. She felt amazing to him. She felt different than all the other women that he had been with. There was a connection that went beyond physical when he had sex with Addison. It was beyond emotional as well. It was just something more.

He felt his hips touch hers as his dick became completely submerged within her womb. He lowered his face and pressed his parted lips to hers once more. She returned the kiss and he could feel her lips trembling as he began working his cock in and out of her slowly. 

"I've missed this so much," she moaned as she rolled her head to the side, her eyes still closed. "I'm so in love with you Lucky."

Lucky loved hearing those words coming from her. He had tried so hard to forget her and move on with his life, but no matter how hard he tried, she was in his thoughts. He knew that he loved her. He knew that nothing would change that. He knew that. She was his and he was hers. 

In his excitement, he hadn't noticed how much quicker he had picked his pace up. Loud sounds of wet flesh slapping together echoed off the living room walls as the two shared screams of pleasure. She wrapped her legs around his waist as he pounded himself inside of her over and over again. 

"I'm cumming," she screamed. "It's been so long, Lucky! I'm cumming!"

He felt her pussy close around his cock as he continued thrusting inside of her. Suddenly, her cunt loosened up once more and wet juices sprayed out on the floor and both of their inner thighs as her body exploded into a series of wild jerks. 

He grunted as he pushed and pulled harder and harder. He could feel his own orgasm coming on strong and knew it wouldn't be much longer until he released himself. 

"I want to taste you," she said quickly as she must have noticed his facial expression and knew he was about to cum. "Please, cum in my mouth."

His dick swelled and he could feel the rush of semen flowing up his cock quickly. He pulled his cock out of her pussy as quickly as he could and straddled up her body as he gripped his cock as tightly as he could so not to explode too early. 

The tight grip on his swelling dick didn't stop his load from coming out but did increase the length and power of his shots. He had only made it to her stomach when the first shot blasted out of his cock like a blast from a cannon. She leaned up and opened her mouth, but the shot nailed her in the eye and ran down her cheek. His second shot was a bit more on point, landing on her upper lip as it ran into her mouth. 

She scooted out from under him and got on all fours as she wrapped her lips around his still shooting cock, taking in the last few streams of cum until she sucked it dry.

She sat back on the floor and looked at him with one eye as she wiped his first shot of cum from her eye and cheek before licking it off of her hand and smiling at him. They shared a laugh like they used to before they had parted ways. 

"It feels like no time has passed," Lucky said as he watched Addison finish wiping her face with the tail of her shirt.

"I know what you mean," she said looking back at him with a smile that matched her bright-eyed look. "This feels natural."

"Did you mean it?" Lucky asked.

"Did I mean what?" She asked, her smile not fading.

"Are you really in love with me?" He asked. 

Her smile faded but was replaced with sincerity. 

"Lucky, I've always loved you. I wanted to tell you so badly when you confessed your love to me before you left, but I thought I was doing the right thing by letting you go. I really thought you were in more danger by staying with me." Addison's eyes began to moisten once more, but Lucky crossed the few feet that parted them on the floor and took her in his arms. 

"I understand why you did what you did," he told her, trying to comfort her. "I love you even more for trying to make such a sacrifice."

"They might kill you," she said as she pulled back from him to look him in the eyes again. "That Helen woman sounded like she didn't care whether you lived or died. She'll kill you and me both if they find us and we try and stop them."

"They can try to kill us," Lucky said firmly. "They can try to do a lot of things, but I'll never let anything happen to you. I'll never let anyone pull us apart ever again."

Lucky knew how ridiculous he sounded. How could he be so sure that he could stop somebody that knew more about him than he did? He knew that the pain of death couldn't be worse than the pain of losing Addison again. He knew that no matter what they tried, he would allow them to kill him before they harmed her.

Addison pressed her body against his once more as he embraced her in his arms. Her juices shining off of the living room lights on her inner thighs.

"How are we going to tell Cheryl?" She asked in a sudden urgent tone. 

Lucky didn't know the answer to her question. He dreaded breaking the woman's heart. Cheryl had been so kind to him. She had been so generous. She had taught him things. She had treated him like an equal in the relationship. How could he tell her without breaking her heart? 

"I don't know," he answered honestly. "We'll have to think of something though. She'll be home in a few hours."