 The confession

Lucky and Addison waiting sat were setting on the couch when the sounds of the door unlocking pulled them from their conversation. It was time for Cheryl to be home. 

His stomach was tying into knots as he thought about what he and Addison were about to tell Cheryl. He didn't want to hurt her. He didn't want to see her destroyed as she heard the words that he had run through over and over again in preparation. He knew that nothing he could say would make the results any easier. 

Cheryl had been so kind to him. She had taught him things. She was the first woman to treat him like something other than an object and this was how he was going to repay her? He knew that there was no other way. He couldn't live without Addison. He loved her. He needed her. She was the one who truly understood him. She was the one that he wanted forever.

Knowing what was right didn't make it any easier for him though. 

The door swung open and Cheryl stepped in humming some song to herself as she closed the door behind her.

"I'm home," she sang. 

She turned to face Lucky, who was standing next to Addison and froze as she seen the woman.

"Addison?" She asked as she stepped closer to them in the living room. "What a surprise! Is everything okay?"

"Everything's..." Addison lost her words as she spoke and looked to Lucky for help. 

"Cheryl, we need to talk," Lucky said in a long breath. 

This was it. This was the moment that he had been dreading. This was the moment that he would break poor Cheryl's heart. She eyed him nervously as she stepped up to him and placed her hands on his. 

"What happened?" She asked with wide eyes.

"A lot," Lucky sighed. "Maybe it would be best for you to set down.

Cheryl looked away from Lucky and locked her eyes on Addison with an expression that begged for a quick explanation. Addison merely shook her head and sat back down at the end of the couch. Cheryl sat down on the other end and Lucky took a seat in the center before looking to Cheryl and taking a deep breath.

"So what's going on?" She asked impatiently.

"I guess I should start from my first memory," Lucky said as he placed his hand on Cheryl's. 

He began telling her about Vicki and her ways of using him for sex behind Cheryl's back. Cheryl pulled her hand away but didn't make a move or sound to interrupt his tale. He told her about Rebecca. He told her about the reporter that led his story to Tara and the organization that made him the way he was. 

By the time he got to the Chinese assassin, Heron, Cheryl was standing up next to the couch and shaking her head. Tears were running down her cheeks but she still didn't speak out to interrupt him. She needed to hear everything that he had to say.

Eventually, his story came to Addison and his time with her that caused him to fall in love. Addison reached out and grabbed his hand at that point for comfort as he went on. 

"I never intended it to be this way Cheryl," he tried to explain, but Cheryl just shook her head as she wiped tears from her face. 

"I don't get it," Cheryl finally said after a long moment of silence that terrified Lucky. "If you made this great sacrifice, why did you decide to hunt him down now?"

She was staring right past Lucky toward Addison, who was trying to act as calm as she could, but he could tell she was as nervous as he.

"Two members of the organization came to me," she began. "They told me that Lucky was in danger. They said that he would start losing himself and that if anyone stood in the way then they wouldn't think twice about killing him."

Cheryl's eyes shot wide, but she took a breath and lowered her brows once more in a mixture of anger and sadness. He had never seen her so sad. She appeared to look like he had felt when he thought that Addison didn't love him. She looked like her entire world had been broken apart beneath her feet. 

"I'm so sorry Cheryl," he said as he stood up and placed his hands on her arms. 

"Get away from me," she snapped as she pulled back roughly and took a few steps back. "I was wrong to think men could be treated as anything but a man!"

"Cheryl," Lucky said, but he couldn't think of anything else to say. What could he say to make her feel better about what was happening to him? What could he possibly do to make all this up to her?

"Just," she began as she closed her eyes to try and shut off another flood of tears from coming down her cheeks. "Just go."

Lucky looked at Addison, who was looking almost as sad as Cheryl. What had he done? Why was something like this so hard? He got what he had been wanting. He should be happy with the events. He was going to go home with Addison where he wanted to be, but the sight of his master in such disarray caused his heart to ache. 

"Something's been taking control of me, Cheryl," He tried to explain. "It started last night but continued this morning with you remember? I couldn't control myself. I couldn't..."

"I said go," she repeated in a firmer tone as she looked up at him with bloodshot eyes.

"I'm scared of what I might end up doing to you," the words rushed out as he tried to get her to understand what was happening to him. 

"Go or I'll call the police," Cheryl said with a sense of finality in her tone that had Addison grab him by the hand and pull him out of the apartment.

"I feel so bad," he told Addison as they make haste down the hallway toward the elevator. 

"Lucky?" Lois called out from behind them. He turned to see the blond woman eyeing him and Addison curiously. "Everything okay?"

"Lois," he was happy to see her. "Please, help Cheryl."

"What happened?" She asked with more concern in her tone now. "Is she okay?"

"I didn't want to break her heart," he offered as tears began to blur his vision and his throat felt like it was tightening up. "I didn't mean to..."

Addison pulled him through the open doors of the elevator. The last thing Lucky saw was Lois pounding on Cheryl's door just before it cracked open. The elevator doors closed, leaving him alone with his love.

"She's going to be okay Lucky," Addison said as she cleared her throat. "She's a strong woman. She'll bounce back from this."

Lucky looked to Addison, who was wiping tears off of her own cheeks. He wondered if she really believed what she was saying or just wanted to believe it. 

The elevator doors opened and the two stepped out into the lobby of the apartment building. It felt strange. It felt like he was abandoning everyone. He felt bad for Cheryl of course, but there was more. He felt bad for Lois, who had treated him kindly since he had moved into the building. He felt bad for Toshiko and her experimental ways that she seemed to enjoy more and more as she would experience them.

Within a few minutes, Lucky and Addison were in her rental car and riding toward her hotel room. The lump in his throat began to relax as he stared at her. The bright street lamps shining on her face as they rushed by, causing a strobe outline of her beautiful face. She looked at him and found him staring at her. A smile grew on her face as they locked eyes. She leaned over and pressed her lips to his.

"I'm glad we finally have each other," she whispered as she gave his leg a small squeeze. 

"I am too," he said. It was true. As horrible as he felt for Cheryl and the others, he felt ten times better being with Addison. 

The car pulled into a large parking garage before pulling to a stop. Addison was the first to open her door and step out. Lucky got out of the car and followed her to a large elevator and waited for the doors to open in the dim lighting provided by a single blinking orange lamp swinging from a broken base above the doors.

A car pulled up and parked behind them, drawing Addison's attention. She reached into a small leather bag that she had pulled out of her car, but didn't take her hand out as she seemed to have found what she was looking for.

Three of the car doors opened and three shadowy figures stepped out before walking in their direction. Addison appeared to be focused entirely on figures, for she didn't even blink when the doors opened behind her.

The figures stepped into the soft glow of the orange light to reveal Cheryl, Lois, and Toshiko approaching them. Addison seemed to relax and pulled her hand from the leather bag as they got closer.

"We're not done yet," Cheryl said in a hoarse voice as she stared at him and Addison in an angry and set expression. "Our conversation isn't over."

"Maybe we should go somewhere more private and talk," Lois suggested as she forced a smile.

"I think that would be best," Addison said slowly as she eyed the three women curiously. "We can go to my room."

Lucky rode in the elevator with the four women in complete silence. It was the most awkward moment he had ever experienced. No One spoke a word and it seemed like no woman wanted to even look at another, let alone him.

The elevator doors opened to a grimy looking hallway with stains on the walls. Addison stepped out and led them to a door at the very end of the hallway before pressed her key card to the door and pushing it open. He let the other women enter the small room before following. 

The small room felt cramped with all the women in it. Toshiko walked over and took a seat in a chair by a large window that looked out into an alleyway while Lois dropped down on the end of the bed and watched everyone else in the room with suspicious and worried eyes. Cheryl crossed her arms and leaned back against the wall next to the door as Addison dragged another chair from beside Toshiko and dragged it to the center of the room. 

Lucky looked at each woman and expected someone to break the ice. Someone had to start talking or he would go crazy. 

"Is he going to be okay?" Cheryl finally asked, breaking the silence so quickly that Lucky almost jumped. He noticed Toshiko actually did give a start.

"I'll do everything in my power to make it so," Addison said with a nod of certainty. 

"How do you know they didn't follow you here?" Cheryl asked in a still angry tone. "You could have just guided them straight to him."

"I took every precaution I could think of," Addison answered flatly. "I paid my entire way with cash and used a fake name to get here. There's no way they could have tracked me here through papers."

"What about other ways of tracking," Lois asked. "If this organization has as much money and resources as I've heard they have then couldn't they have another way of tracking you?'

Addison shook her head before her eyes went wide. She grabbed her leather bag and dumped it out on the floor of the room. Random items spilled out everywhere, but one item stuck out to Lucky. A large revolver sat in the middle of all the items. A large hand-cannon that she always carried with her just in case something went bad.

Addison rummaged through the random items before pulling the bag inside out. Everything seemed normal to him, but she still didn't seem satisfied. She began running her hands through the liner until she stopped. Wide-eyed with fear, Addison looked up to Lucky.

"What's wrong?" he asked dropped next to her on the floor and looking at where her hands were. 

She picked up a small knife from the items on the floor and sliced a small cut in the liner before reaching her fingers in. She pulled out a small metal thing with a single light in the center. The light was blinking. She carried the small item to the sink next to the door that surely led to the hotel room's bathroom before taking the handle of the knife and crushing the device against the hard surface of the porcelain. 

"I messed up bad," she said with a low hanging head. "I shouldn't have come here."

"Was it a tracking device?" Lucky asked as he looked up from the floor at her back. 

"I'm not sure, but what else could it be?" She answered before turning to face him, her back pressed against the sink. "I'm so sorry."

"What do we do now?" Cheryl asked, her arms still crossed. 

Toshiko spoke up, but Lucky couldn't hear what she was saying. All he could hear was his own blood pumping through his body as static began to block his vision. He felt his erection growing within his pants as he looked from one woman to another. 

Not now, he shouted to himself in his head. 

He stood up. No, not him. The beast within him was in control.

He scanned the room to see none of the women had paid any attention to him yet. They were all listening to whatever Toshiko was saying to them. He took a step toward the small Asian woman, causing her to look at him.

Her eyes went wide as she looked down. He looked down to see what she was looking at and noticed that at some point he had jerked his pants off and was approaching her with his throbbing cock in his hand.

She stood up from the chair and jumped in an attempt to get away from him, but he caught her by the arm and pulled her to him. He looked into her face. She was saying something, but he couldn't hear her. Only his heart beat. Only his blood.

He felt hands on his arms from behind him and turned to see Cheryl trying to pull him back, but he reached back and grabbed her, pulling her next to Toshiko and holding her in place. He could feel their hearts pounding in their chests. He could sense their reluctance as he eyed them up and down. He could also sense something a bit more intriguing. They seemed strangely excited by what was about to happen.

Static filled his vision for a moment once more and when he reclaimed his vision, he saw Toshiko bent over the small table in front of the window. The small skirt that she was wearing had been pulled up to her hips and her panties were ripped to shredded pieces. He held a hand over her ass, holding her on the table as his other hand was pressing the back of Cheryl's head as she gagged on his cock.

He looked over at the other women. Lois was standing in front of the bed with widened eyes as Addison shouted something. He guided Cheryl up by her hair and yanked Toshiko off of the table before bending his old master over the table. He then picked the small Asian woman up and laid her down on Cheryl, back to back.

He pressed his cock into Cheryl's pussy and shoved it in. Sparks filled his vision as he sensed her heart beat strongly. It was speeding up as he began pounding his dick inside of her at a quick pace. 

Toshiko looked down at him with a face that showed a mixture of fright and excitement as she awaited her turn. He pulled out of Cheryl and pressed the end of his shaft against Toshiko's asshole. Her eyes narrowed almost to completely shut as he felt her ass protest, but reluctantly take him in. He pushed and pulled his cock in and out of her ass while her heart raced with pleasure and pain. 

"Lucky," Addison's voice shot through the heart beats as he rammed his cock into the woman. He looked over to see his love eyeing him with fear. "Don't fight it Lucky."

He looked back to Toshiko as her mouth was opened widely in what had to have been a scream as he felt her ass pucker around him in an orgasm. Her pussy juices leaking out and dripping down onto Cheryl's ass. He ripped his cock from the small Asian's asshole and tossed her to the side, she crashed on the floor next to the table and lied still.

He shoved his cock into Cheryl once more and felt her pussy suck him in like it was hungry for him. Her knuckles turned white as she gripped the end of the table. He felt the heat of her soaking wet pussy drive him harder and harder until her body jerked in motions suggesting her orgasm was upon her. Once he felt her pussy loosen up around him once more, he pulled himself out of her and turned to regard the other two women in the room.

Addison was already in the nude and was slowly walking toward him, swaying her hips from side to side as she approached. He looked over her shoulder to see Lois working frantically to get her clothes off as she stumbled toward him as well. 

Static filled his vision and when his eyes were back to normal once more, he saw Addison's large breasts bouncing in the air as he held her upright and was picking her up and dropping her down on his angry cock. He wanted more. He wanted all. 

He could feel her heart beating from within. He could sense her pleasure as he filled her over and over again. Her hands were gripping the back of his neck tightly as he sent on the ride. Her back arched as he felt her heartbeat speed up to a racing pattern. Her insides began to tremble as her eyes closed. She was locked in a passionate orgasm. Once she had finished and looked back at him, he lifted her off of his cock and dropped her to the floor next to Toshiko.

He looked over to a nervous looking Lois. She was standing next to him in the nude. Her long blond hair tied back in a ponytail that extended down to her ass. Her eyes went wide for a moment as he reached out and grabbed her by the hips, pulling her toward him. He guided her to the table where Cheryl was still laying. One swift motion of his hands sent Cheryl off of the table and onto the floor next to the other three women.

He picked Lois up and dropped her on the table so that she was setting and facing him with her legs spread and her pussy within perfect access for him. Her eyes shot open as he plunged himself inside of her fully in one swift and rough motion. 

He felt her heart racing as he hammered himself into her. Her pussy grabbed and released as he slammed his cock inside of her so hard that her hair was flying back and forth from the jarring movements. Her breasts swayed up and down and she had long lines of sweat splashing on her naked flesh as he worked himself in her.

He could feel her legs wrap around his waist as she orgasmed on him. He had done it. He had made all four women orgasm with his cock. He had done his job. 

Almost.

He pulled his cock out of Lois, dripping wet with the juices of all the women's orgasms, and pushed her off of the table next to the others. He gripped his cock and looked down as they looked up at him. 

He grabbed Addison's head and shoved his cock down her throat before pulling it out and releasing his grip. He looked at Cheryl and felt her hair between his fingers as he shoved his cock down her throat as well. He could feel her hands grab his ass as he pumped himself into her a few times before releasing her as well. Toshiko eyed him in surprise as he gripped her hair and he could feel her gag as his cock plunged down her throat. He pulled out of her mouth and released as she coughed onto Cheryl. He gripped Lois's ponytail firmly in his hands and used his hold to pull her mouth onto his cock until he felt it penetrate her throat. 

He shifted from one woman's throat to another. Stopping just long enough to fuck their mouths a few times before moving to the next. He did this until he felt his cum boiling inside of him. Every woman eyed him expectantly as he gripped his cock tightly and sprayed his cum over their faces. By the time his last shot fired from him each woman was covered in his spunk.

He felt the muscles in his legs give out and then all he could see was the ceiling, followed by the darkening image of the four woman looking down at him from above. Then the darkness took over.