 Doctor's Orders

Lucky's head felt like it was going to split in two as the car sped down the highway toward some location that Toshiko suggested they go. Apparently, she knew some woman who would doctor men without the proper paperwork. That's exactly what he needed. He could only imagine how easy it would be for the two women looking for him to find him if he were laid out in some hospital room.

Cheryll and Addison discussed what they thought the best form of action was once they had left the back-alley doctor. He couldn't believe Cheryl's turn of attitude toward the whole thing. He could tell that she was still emotionally broken, but the urgency of the situation seemed to be helping her.

His body began to shake uncontrollably as he lied across Lois and Toshiko's laps in the back seat. They pressed down on him firmly with their hands, but his no matter how hard they pushed, they were unable to hold him steady. 

They looked down at him with worry and pity painted on their faces as he groaned through his teeth from the constant waves of pain that washed over him with every beat of his heart. 

"Hang in there," Lois said calmly to him. Her eyes showed what a lie her calm voice truly was. She seemed as scared as he did. 

Cheryl and Addison looked back at him with the same looks of concern as the car felt like it pulled to a stop. It was difficult to tell to him, considering his body was shaking about more than the car was.

The dome lights of the car turned on as the women opened their doors. The light sent a sharp pain that felt like it was stabbing right through his eyes and into the back of his skull. He felt one of the women move out from under his legs as the other one pushed his upper body. He heard her grunting as she tried with all her might to lift him, but knew that it was a fruitless effort. He gripped the back of the car seat and pulled himself up into the sitting position to aid her.

Toshiko, Cheryl, and Addison stood just outside the door as he stepped out. He put his weight on his feet and felt his legs buckle, but he managed to hold himself up with the help of the car behind him. All four women were at his sides and helping him keep standing as slowly stumbled down a long and dark alleyway toward a lonely door to the very back.

They made it to the door and Toshiko slammed the back of her fist into it while staring at him. The door pulled open to reveal a slim woman with black hair and dark complexion. She looked Lucky up and down before nodding her head in a gesture that implied for the women to carry him inside.

The inside of the area they stepped into was dark, with cardboard boxes stacked along every wall and strange utensils hanging high. Another room connecting to the one they walked into had a long table set in the center with a counter that stretched down one wall. A bright light shined down, lighting up the entire room as if it were daylight. The brightness of the light caused Lucky's vision to flash in fazes of solid black and eye piercing white. He moaned in pain as he felt the bed and hopped on it.

"When did this start?" The doctor, if she really was a doctor, asked as she lifted one of Lucky's eyelids open and looked into it carefully with a strange device.

"He collapsed about two hours ago," Addison said frantically. "Somebody's done something to him."

The doctor turned her attention from Lucky to Addison with a puzzled expression on her face.

"Who did what to him?" She asked, sounding frustrated that she even had to ask.

"It's a long story, but this issue started when he couldn't control his sexual urges," Cheryl explained, stepping up next to Addison. "That started last night."

"Can't control his sexual urges?" The doctor sniffed. She seemed amused by the claim as she looked back at Lucky. She seemed to be studying every part of his face by pinching and poking him. "Might as well start there then."

The doctor lifted his shirt up and gave him a look that suggested he helped her. He lifted his arms up to allow her to pull his shirt up over his head. She lied the shirt down on the counter behind her as she unfastened the button on his pants and pulled the zipper down.

"What are you doing?" Addison and Cheryl said in unison before looking at each other, their faces turning red with embarrassment. 

"I have to find out what's wrong with the man," the doctor explained as she pushed her warm hand against his chest as an order for him to lie on his back. "You said it started with sexual urges so I need to take a look at his body to see if I can see any marks that could alert me to his condition."

He lifted his hips up as she pulled his pants and underwear down to his ankles. Her eyes went wide as they fell upon his growing erection. He felt her hand grab it as she held it up to look at it from all angles. 

"He certainly has some sexual urges," she murmured. "I don't see any physical signs of illness here. He seems extremely healthy."

"The light," he groaned. He shut his eyes as tightly as he could, but the light was piercing through his eyelids and straight into his aching head. He felt as though he would vomit from the pain. "Please."

"The switch is next to the door," the doctor told one of the women behind her. "Turn the light off."

The pain in his head dulled as the light shut off. He could feel the doctor's hand still on his cock as she pulled a stethoscope from around her neck and placed the earpieces in. She used her free hand to place the small circular end to his chest as she listened.

"Strange," she whispered as her eyes narrowed.

"What is it?" Addison asked as she stepped into Lucky's view.

"His heart's rhythm sounds like something I've never heard before," she explained. "It keeps speeding up and slowing down before picking up the pace again. It's not like a heart attack, but more like a... I'm not sure what it's like, to be honest."

Cheryl stepped into view beside Addison. Worry over her face as she looked down at him. He could see the shadows of both Lois and Toshiko standing by the door to the back. 

He looked at the doctor a bit closer than he had before. Her black hair draped down a few inches past her shoulder and her dark eyes along with dark complexion gave her an exotic look. She wasn't exactly dressed like he thought a doctor would dress. She had a long white lab coat on, but it was unbuttoned, showing purple shirt cut low enough to show off her cleavage. She wore tight black pants that stretched out to show off her wide hips and firm legs.

"I think he needs to stay here and rest for a bit," the doctor explained to the others as she removed her hand from his cock and stood up from him. "I should be able to find more out once his body calms down."

"Okay, but we can't stay too long," Addison said.

"It's important that we get him on the move as soon as possible," Cheryl agreed.

"Let me ask you something,' the doctor started. "What's so special about this man that has four women desperately seeking his recovery?"

Cheryl and Addison looked at each other as if they expected the other to come up with an answer that didn't involve the truth.

"He's a special kind of man," Toshiko's voice answered from the shadows. "They'll not find another like him."

"Toshiko," the doctor said as a smile grew on her face. "What exactly is so special about this man?"

"He's just special okay, Muna," Toshiko's voice held a hint of anger in it that Lucky hadn't heard from her before. 

"Okay," the doctor said with a laugh. "You don't have to get so defensive you know?"

"This is just important is all," Cheryl said. 

"Okay," the doctor said loudly as if she were speaking to everyone in the room. "He needs to rest so I need all of you to leave the room okay?"

Arguments struck out, mostly from Addison and Cheryl, but the doctor eventually convinced them that Lucky would be fine in the room by himself. Before long he found himself alone in the dark room staring at the light which was thankfully off.

He must have drifted to sleep at some point because he awoke to the sounds of the door opening to the dark room where he lay. He looked over to see the doctor quietly shutting the door back behind her with a small rolled up piece of cloth in her hands. She looked surprised as she saw him staring back at her.

"I was hoping to not wake you," she whispered. "You need your rest."

"What's in the cloth?" He asked just as quietly.

"It's a shot with a vitamin serum that I made to help get you back on your feet," she explained as she unrolled the cloth to show him a syringe filled with some green liquid. She started to push the needle into his arm, but he caught her by the wrists and held the needle back.

"No shots," he said. What if she was working with the organization? What if she had turned him in?

"What in the hell is going on with you?" She whispered as she studied his face. "What kind of trouble are you in to fear a pick-me-up shot?"

Lucky relaxed as he thought about how ridiculous it was to suspect everyone of being a member of the mysterious organization. She was Toshiko's friend after all. Why would Toshiko take him there if she didn't trust her friend? He released the doctor's wrist and allowed the shot to pierce his arm. She pushed the end of the needle down and Lucky watched the liquid disappear into his arm.

"See?" The doctor said in a teasing whisper. "Still alive, right?"

He looked into her eyes and she shifted nervously for a minute before speaking again.

"My name is Muna, in case you didn't hear it earlier," she greeted with a forced smile. "I'm not as harsh as I make myself sound. I have to sound tough given my profession you understand?"

"Nice to meet you Muna," Lucky said with a soft smile. 

He felt Muna's arm brush against his cock and realized that he had an erection again. She seemed to realize the same thing, for her eyes scanned his body and went wide-eyed as she noticed him.

"I think what you might need is a release from your sexual tension," she whispered with a hint of awe in her tone. "Maybe I should get one of the women in the other room to help you with that."

She started to walk out of the room, but Lucky caught her by the back of her lab coat and pulled her back to him. She spun around on him, holding the needle like it was a knife. He released his grasp and held his hands out defensively.

"Don't get them," he pleaded. "They need rest as much as you claim I do. They worry enough about it as it is."

Muna looked down at him for a long moment before nodding.

"Very noble of you for a man," she said with a bit of pride in her voice. She sighed as she looked down at his erection again. "Yet, I do think you need a release."

"Please don't wake them if they are asleep," he begged once more and she nodded once again.

"I guess that just leaves me then doesn't it?" she asked as she looked back at his erection. "Well, I guess you could just do that yourself." She looked back into his eyes and smiled before saying, "but what's the fun in that?"

He felt her grasp his cock before she began sliding her hand up and down over the shaft. He closed his eyes to her warm touch. She braced herself by placing her other arm on his chest and leaning over as she jerked her hand up and down at a quick pace. 

Her breathing picked up as she worked his cock with her hand quicker and quicker. She was obviously trying to give him his release as quickly as she could. She kept looking over her shoulder to make sure the door was still closed as if she were worried about someone walking in on them. 

He let the arm on her side fall down from the bed's surface and slid his hand up the backside of her leg, causing her to look at him with raised eyebrows. She didn't protest to the touch, but he moved slowly up her leg anyway. Her legs were tight and muscular. He felt his hand slide up to the bottom of her ass, eyeing her the entire time to see if she would slap his hand away, but she didn't. She seemed wholly focused on what her hand was doing.

He slid his hand up her ass and squeezed slightly once he had a handful of her cheek. She shifted her hips a bit to allow him freer access to her rump as her upper body shook from the quick jerking motions she was doing with her hand. 

He raised his hand a bit more until he was able to grab the waistline of her thin and stretchy black pants. She breathed a heavy sigh as he pulled her pants down below her ass and he couldn't tell if it was because of the excitement of what he was doing to her or the exhaustion of what she was doing to him.

He stared at her firm ass as it stood bare in front of him. He pulled at her hip until she stepped back a bit more, bringing her ass to his face. He pressed his lips to one cheek and playfully nibbled the cheek, causing another long and soft sigh from her. He pushed his head down until he could smell her wet pussy but still couldn't reach it with his mouth.

He slid his tongue down her crack until he felt it drop into her small and tight asshole, drawing a sigh that almost turned into a moan. Her hand still working furiously on his cock, she stepped around until her ass was easier for his mouth to access. He slid his tongue down from her ass and finally was able to taste some of her juices from her pussy.

As he worked to taste more of her, he felt her warm and wet mouth on the end of his dick as her hand continued its tireless work on the shaft. He pulled her leggings a bit more down and she raised a leg and pushed the other leg of the leggings down off her foot, the other one staying around her calf. 

Her hand's motions stopped and were replaced by her mouth as she brought her head down over his cock. He reached over with both hands and lifted the bottom half of her body off the floor and over him until she was straddling his face. He dove his tongue deep into her pussy as he felt her moan vibrate his cock.

He tickled her clit with his tongue as he felt her lips tighten around his dick. She worked her mouth up and down on his cock almost as quickly as her hand had been working him. Her soft whispered moans breathing the hot air of her breath around him as she raised and lowered her head.

Her juices flowed more frequently as he traded her clit for diving his tongue deeply into her and back again. She moaned out loud, just above a whisper, as juices sprayed violently from her pussy over his face. Her moans vibrating his cock was enough to send him to the release that she wanted him to have and with a quiet grunt, he shot his load into her mouth.

She made a noise of surprise as her mouth was suddenly filled with his spunk. He could feel his cum rolling down the sides of his shaft as she tried, but failed, to swallow his load. She sucked on him until every last drop had exited his rod. 

She stepped back off of the bed and pulled her foot back through the leg of her leggings and pulled them up above her hips before she wiped the excess cum that had been dripping down her chin off with the back of her lab coat.

"Now get some rest," she said with a wink. "Doctor's orders."