 Static

Season 2 Finale

Lucky awoke in the dark room once again. He sat up on the bed and felt fully recharged. A smile spread across his face as tested the strength of his legs and found them as strong as ever. He wondered if the shot that Muna had given him had really worked.

The room was dark, but Lucky's eyes had adjusted to it quite nicely and found the door with no issues at all. He pulled the door open and looked out to see his four friend asleep at random locations in the room. 

Addison was the first to open her eyes. She smiled as she noticed him walk out of the back room with energy. 

"Good as new?" She asked in a whisper as she sat up and wiped the sleep from her eyes. 

"Feels like it," he softly laughed. "How long was I out?"

"I'm not sure," she admitted as she pulled her phone from her pocket and looked at the lock screen. "A few hours it seems."

Lucky sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her back to pull her closer to him. She laid her head over on his shoulder as he sat back against the wall. 

"I can't wait until this is all over and we can go back to your cabin," Lucky whispered.

"Our cabin," she corrected as she lifted her head and looked him in the eyes. Her smile was enough to melt his heart and he leaned into her for a long and passionate kiss.

Cheryl stirred a bit and pushed herself up from the floor where she had been sleeping to look at him and Addison. She stretched her arms out wide and yawned.

"Feeling better?" She asked as she looked at Lucky just long enough to see him embracing Addison, before looking away.

"Much," he admitted, trying to make a mental note to not pull his arm away from his love.

"We should wake the others and head out," Addison said as she stood up from Lucky and began shaking the other two women's shoulders until they groaned themselves awake. "Where's the doctor?"

"I'm not sure, but we can thank her later," Cheryl answered as she walked over to the door that led back into the alleyway. "We don't have time to find her."

In a few seconds, all the women were up and facing the door as Cheryl pushed it open. Rain pounded down from the night sky with a crack of thunder sounding off from a distance.

"Looks like we're going to get wet," Lois said with a giggle that almost covered up her discomfort. 

They ran out of the door. The rain had their clothes soaked as if they had jumped into a body of water within seconds as they rushed down the alleyway toward the car. Two silhouettes stepped in the way, blocking them from their exits.

"Lucky," a female voice that sounded eerily familiar shouted over the sounds of the heavy rain. "It's been a long time."

"Hurry," Addison shouted at her friends. "Head back."

They turned and ran back toward the door, but Muna stood there with a facial expression of sorrow and regret.

"I'm sorry," she shouted over the rain before closing the door.

Addison tried to open the door, but it was locked. She turned to look toward the end of the alleyway at the two women. Lucky turned to see them walking closer.

"This can go one of two ways Lucky," the leader of the two shouted. "You can come with us and we'll fix you or you can fight us and we can take you back in pieces."

"You sick sadistic bitch," Cheryl shouted loudly, but her words were lost in the sounds of clapping thunder much closer than the first.

"You would know, Cheryl," the leader laughed. "Purchasing a man for the purpose of pleasing yourself sexually. Who's the sadistic one here?"

Toshiko was pounding on the door and shouting curses at her friend. 

The two women stepped close enough for Lucky to make their features out. He recognized the taller woman. She had long red hair that was plastered down the side of her face by the relentless rain as water poured small waterfalls from the ends of her dark-rimmed glasses. 

"You are Helen," he shouted through the rain. "You were the one next to Tara when I woke up from the operation."

"Operation?" Helen laughed. "Is that what Tara told you?"

Lucky blinked the pouring water from his eyes as he digested her words. If he hadn't been through an operation then how did he have his abilities? Better yet, if he didn't go through an operation then how did he have memories of waking from that large tube?

"Give up and save your friends a lot of harm, Lucky," she shouted as she stopped walking toward him. "Come with us and I'll explain everything."

"Go to hell," Addison shouted. Anger dripping from her voice.

"I have an idea," Lucky said just loud enough for Cheryl and Addison to hear over the rain. "It has to work."

He heard both women asking him what he was doing as he walked from them toward the two women blocking their paths. Helen stepped back a few paces but the other woman stood her ground. 

She had shoulder length black hair that was stuck flat to her head from the rain. She wore a shiny black suit with a zipper running from her crotch and just unzipped enough to show off her large breasts. He approached her slowly as she held her stance strongly with her legs spread enough to hold balance from any possible attack.

"It doesn't have to be this way," he shouted so that the woman could hear him. "You can just walk away and let me live my life."

The woman didn't answer. 

He closed the rest of the ground between them until he was standing face to face with the other woman as she stared into his eyes. He eyed the pouring water from the rain as it ran between her large breasts as she stood completely motionless.

With as much speed as he could muster, he lunged forward, tackling the woman and knocking her back. She didn't fall but took two long steps back before dashing into him so hard that he thought his ribs were going to crack. She was much stronger than she looked.

He felt her knee smash into his gut as he doubled over and fell to the ground, holding his stomach and coughing. He watched her feet as she circled around him and suddenly felt her arms wrap around his throat from behind as she lifted him to his feet. 

He struggled against her hold, but it was too strong. He reached back and slapped her legs, but it was a fruitless attempt.

Finally, she released her hold on him and he fell back to the ground gasping for air, sucking in almost as much rain as air. He rolled on his back as the woman stepped around into view and looked down at him. 

He felt his energy picking back up, but feigned exhaustion. He might not be able to overpower her, but he could possibly out-think her.

She lowered herself to pick him back up to his feet when he reached up and pressed his lips to hers. Shock held her frozen for a moment as he slipped his tongue into her mouth. He could feel her tongue dance with his for a moment. He reached up and felt the zipper of her suit before pulling it down enough for her breasts to pop out of the tight black leather. 

She dropped on him, straddling his lap as her mouth still pressed against his. She worked her zipper down further until it unzipped past her crotch and down one inner thigh. He felt her hands pull his pants down just before he could feel the streams of rainwater rushing from her body down on his dick.

She shifted her hips until he could feel the head of his dick press against her pussy as she dropped herself on his shaft. Her cunt swallowed his entire cock in one motion as she sat down. A moan escaped her lips as she pushed him down onto his back. The rain pelted his face and eyes, but he kept them open to stare at the mysterious woman that was grinding her hips on him. 

Her lips parted in a moan as she slid her hands up his chest and to his throat. Suddenly he couldn't breathe as she squeezed her hands so tightly that he wasn't sure if he'd die from suffocation or his neck snapping first. Her eyes were emotionless and cold. She moaned as he felt her pussy pulsating his cock over and over again. He gripped her wrists and tried to pull her hands from his neck, but her grip was too strong.

Her cunt seemed as though it was massaging his dick as she rolled her hips back and forth while simultaneously choking him to death. He could feel his balls tighten at the same time his vision began to darken. He just had to cum inside of her. He kept telling himself to cum. Once he came, she would stop.

Stars began to take over his vision as he finally blew his hot sticky load inside of the mysterious woman's womb. She screamed out in pleasure as her hips rolled quicker. She was orgasming! He had done it! He had saved himself and his friends!

Only she didn't let go. Once her throes of pleasure had faded back to nothing, she leaned down on his body and he felt her hands squeeze tighter. He could feel a cracking sensation on his neck as he tried desperately to suck in air.

A loud boom blasted above the sounds of the rain. At first Lucky thought it was thunder until he noticed the hole missing out of the woman's shoulder. She looked up from her wound at Addison, who was aiming her pistol directly at her. The dark-haired beauty stood up, pulling her cunt from his cock. His cum was running down her inner thigh and disappearing into the inside of the legs of her suit. She raised a foot above his head and he tried to move, but his body was shutting down as he gasped air and rain at the same time.

Another boom shot through the night and Lucky watched as the woman jarred back from him, catching her footing and staring down at her chest. A large hole was opened between her breasts, but the woman still did not fall. 

She looked back up at Addison and began marching in her direction when another boom sounded out. This time, Lucky watched as metal exploded out of the back of the woman's head. She looked down at him and his eyes went wide in horror.

The interior of the woman's head wasn't a skull, but metal. Where her eye was, now sat a hole with a red light shining brightly from within. She bent down and picked him up with one hand before flinging him away like he weighed no more than a bottle of water. He landed harshly and skidded to a stop just shy of Helen's feet. 

"You should have listened," Helen snapped as he looked back down the alleyway. Helen shoved a needle that was attached to a long wire into his head and began swiping her fingers around a tablet. 

He stood up from the ground without knowing why and began walking to her car as he watched the woman approach his friends. The door closed and his vision went black as he heard sounds of his friends screaming loudly above the rain and another shot fired off.

"There goes Ariel," Helen shouted in anger. He felt the pressure of the needle in his head release and his vision returned. 

He looked out the car window, but all he could see was streetlamps flying by as the car sped down the highway. He looked over at the red-headed woman as she rubbed a towel furiously over her head, attempting to dry her air as much as she could.

"Was she..." he started.

"An android? Yes." She answered his question before he was able to get it out. "She was expensive too!"

"What am I?" Lucky asked, afraid of the answer he would receive.

"We didn't make you who you are, Lucky," she explained in a huff. "We simply made you."

"You mean I'm..." he started. It was all too much. Could he be the same as that woman Helen called Ariel? Could he really be like her?

"You are a different prototype than her, but yes. You are an android too." She eyed him with a curious expression. She probably wanted to see how he would take the news.

"I don't' understand," he admitted as he looked to her for more answers. 

"You are Project Lucky," she began. "Project Lucky was a global effort we made in creating a man with your gifts that was perfect for infiltrating and manipulating powerful women to do things for our benefit. You believe you are a man because that's the best way to convince others that you are a man. I created the AI program that fuels your emotions. The AI program is designed to learn and grow, but I never expected you to actually fall in love."

"But I bleed," he almost pleaded. 

"Your body is made up of organic materials along with mechanical. We couldn't exactly have you walking around with flesh made of steel now, could we? Your semen is a reproducing chemical that is designed to, well, you know what it does don't you?" Helen's facial expression showed pleasure in his discomfort.

"So I'm not real," he said as he looked out the car window. He wanted to bust through the door and run back to his friends, but something deep inside him wouldn't allow it. It was along for the ride.

"What's real?" Helen asked. "You are alive as much as I am. Your feelings are real. Your thoughts are your own. You are you, Lucky. I didn't make you the you that exists right now. I created an empty program capable of learning."

He looked back to the red-headed woman. Her eyes showed caring for him as she reached her hand up and stroked his cheek. She scooted next to him and grabbed his hand. She pulled his hand to her chest.

"You feel my heart?" She asked. He nodded and she pressed her hand against his chest. "I feel yours as well. Just because the heart inside of you isn't human doesn't mean you are any lesser of a being."

"Did you do something to make me crazy with lust?" He asked as he thought about the condition that had been since the previous night.

"Sort of," she admitted. "It was going to happen regardless. We've been feeding a signal that your body feeds off of. The signal is only a small portion of the charge that you need though. You've been slowly losing your sanity since Tara was no longer there to give you the chemicals that your body needs. I only stopped the signal, which sped up the process. It was the best shot we had at finding you."

Helen leaned forward and tugged at her wet shirt as it sucked to her body. She finally managed to pull it over her head. She tossed it to the floor of the car before raising her hips and pulling her pants off in the same manner. He stared at her naked body as she rubbed her towel over it.

"The only way you can receive the charge that you need is to have sex with someone who has injected themselves with the chemicals necessary for your survival," she explained as she pulled her panties off and turned her body to him. "I injected myself before we left for your location tonight. You need the charge before your brain just shuts down and your AI fries itself."

He looked down to see that his pants were still undone from the alleyway with Ariel. He lifted his hips up and pulled his pants down before kicking them off on the floorboard. Helen swung her leg over him until she was straddling his naked lap. He could feel the stubble of her pubes brush against the soft backside of his cock as she pushed her hips forward and looked him in the eyes.

"What's going to happen to me now?" He asked. Helen stared into his eyes as she lifted her hips up and pushed his dick back until he felt it slide against her pussy.

"I'm taking you back to my headquarters," she said before moaning to the feeling of his dick sliding inside of her. "And then I need to run some tests on you."

She lowered her hips until he could feel his entire shaft submerged within her womb. She lifted herself up and down using her knees on the seat and her hands on his shoulders as she continued to speak through passionate moans.

"A reboot of your system might be in order, but I won't know until I take a closer look at the damage," her words turned to cries of pleasure as she bounced on his cock. "Your AI system might be better off with a reset as well as your body."

"My AI?" He asked in shock, but it came out in moans as he felt her warmth spread through his body. "You mean all of my memories? Isn't that the same as killing me?"

"It depends on how you look at it," she cried as her pussy closed around him and she melted against his chest. "The current state of your AI is in love with the woman, Addison. That will prove very unhealthy for you in the long run."

He grabbed her by her hips and began slamming her down on his cock as they continued their conversation. 

"I'll keep it in check," he promised. "I've done it before, I can do it again."

"We'll see," she cried as her body readied itself for another orgasm. 

He could feel his dick swell and knew he would explode into her womb soon. He shoved her hips down and looked her in the eyes as he filled her full of his hot semen. Her eyes widened and her mouth opened as she silently screamed out her last orgasm before slumping against his chest once more.

"The drastic change in your AI's capability of learning is fascinating," Helen said as she pushed herself off of him, allowing his dick to plop out of her as she sat back down on the seat next to him. "I really look forward to seeing how much it's changed since your awakening."

Lucky believed her. He believed that he was a machine. He had too much evidence that proved it to not believe her. The static in his vision as he was going crazy. The strength that he had. The special ability to cause women to do things for him. The obsession with sex that women went through after he had his way with them.

He believed that he was a machine, but he also believed in the love that he felt for Addison. He knew all he had to do was hold on a bit longer. If she wasn't able to find him then he would find a way to escape so that he could search her out once more. 

There was always a way.

*************************

This concludes the second part of Lucky. I hope you enjoyed the twists and turns by the end. I know it was a bit of stretch, but I've hidden little hints from the beginning (of part 2) and tried to give larger and larger hints by the end so that it didn't seem like it came out of nowhere. 

I'd love to know any opinions that you may have on the story so far. Who's your favorite character? Did you have a favorite moment? How do you feel about the reveal? Anything at all, good or bad, would be appreciated. I love hearing feedback! Thanks and have a great day!