 "Is speaking to one's self a normal human quality?"

Hailey whirled around with a shriek. "God! Could you make your presence known even more terrifying?"

He had the grace to look chagrined. "Sorry. I didn't think you were so easily surprised."

"I'm not. I was just thinking, is all." She crossed her arms across her chest, clenching the bed sheet even tighter around herself.

"You're not dressed." He stated the obviously, moving forward and circling hers. "Or do you intend to wear this to dinner?"

"No!" She backed away. "I looked in the armoire. Those clothes aren't mine."

"Of course not. I didn't pack anything for you, not that it would have surveyed the journey."

"I can't wear that. its not mine and it looks really expensive."

The smile on his face faded quickly. "You're gonna be difficult aren't you?"

She scoffed. "You take me from my home, and you say I'm being difficult. You want difficult, I'll give it to you." 

He dropped down into a nearby chair. "What I mean is...you don't need to be so independent here. I'm here for you, whatever you need I'll give you. I'll feed you, I'll clothe you, and I'll shelter you. There isn't a thing you need to worry about here."

"Are you serious?" She stared at him.

"Yes, of course. Am I smiling?"

"That's so sexist!" She sat on the bed. "I don't need you to take care of me, I've worked ever since I could and since then I've done a damn good job of taking care of myself. I don't need a man to survive." She continued. "I had my own food, I had my own clothes and I had my own place before you swept me into this...this....this place!" 

"This place is your new home." He told her patiently.

She groaned. "I don't know anything about you! I don't know where I am, what I'm going to do. You could be sacrificing me to some freaky god for all I know."

He laughed. "Not likely."

"You want me to accept all of this so quickly, you want me to put on your clothing and go to dinner with you like I've done it every day of my life but I haven't. I might be living in some damn palace or castle by the looks of things but...I will not be some idiotic woman falling into whatever you want. I won't have it."

He rose and moved to her and took her hands in his, entwining their fingers. "You do not want someone to care for you?"

She blinked at him. "Why would anyone want to care for me?" She whispered.

"You're very silly, you know that?" He stared into her dark hazel eyes. "I want to take care of you, I want to love you...I want a lot with you."

"You don't know the first thing about me, neither do I of you. How could you know what you want?"

"I like what I see in you." He told her.

"How did you even find me? If you live here and I live....on an entirely different world...."

"Because I was told to look for you there. You are my soul mate, its written in the stars. You just have to take a chance and you'll see."

She smirked. "Its nice to know there are stars here too."

He kissed her hand. "I promise to...take care of you, Hailey. I will try not to make you feel helpless or dependant upon me. I'm sure there is something that you can do around the castle. I won't buy you any more clothing, but please wear something of what's there. As much as I would rather you naked all the time, I would be filled with a jealous rage if anyone else were to."

"How can you be so sure you like me so much? I've just gotten here hours ago and all I've done was yell and scream at you."

"I understand what you are going through. I suppose I should have come to you sensibly and asked you to come back with me...but I couldn't chance that you might refuse."

Hailey glanced down. "If you had come to me, and had explained everything to me sensibly I probably would have come. I've always wished something extraordinary would happen to me, take me away. This would have made my day if I wouldn't have woken up here dazed and confused like I did."

He winced. "Bad choice I made, then." He rubbed her hands then let them go so he could sit beside her.

"Probably. But you never know. I always dreamed but you never know until it happens. I'm sorry for being so mean, you've probably done me a favor."

"So...you'll be my mate, willingly."

She scooted backwards awkwardly. "I wouldn't go that far but...I'm willing to try things out here. Maybe we could just get to know one another?"

He stared at her. "Everyone here expects me to mate with you."

"You can explain to them, can't you?"

He frowned. "I might but everyone will see you as my woman."

"This place isn't barbarian is it? I'm not your woman. I'm a woman."

"But you are my life mate. I would not have brought you here otherwise. Every man here searches for theirs and gets them. I have done the same, Hailey. The women and men know this and will treat you as such."

"You cannot change that?"

"No I can't. I don't wish too either, I do not doubt that you and I are meant for each other. If you want to wait and court, then we shall. I will help you along the way."

"Court?" She repeated. She chuckled. "What era are you in, Cullen?"

He tugged on her hands until she was standing with him. He let go of one hand reluctantly as she grappled at the tie in her breasts. 

"You will find that we are a civilized people here. We just...use the good useful technology and ignore the things that destroy other people."

"Like?" She wrinkled her nose at his back as he moved to open the armoire. "Stuffy dresses?"

"I have studied your world for many years. When I was a boy, the grand priestess told me I would have to search out of the realm for my wife. So I studied." He informed her.

"Wait, wait. Grand Priestess, that tells me much about your people but why would a grand priestess tell you anything? I mean....grand is for like people of..." She swore loudly. "You're not a prince are you?" She looked distressed.

He glanced back at her over his shoulder thoughtfully. "Damien thought all earth girls wanted to be princesses. Nevertheless I am not a prince."

"Thank you." She let out a relieved sigh. "The last thing I need is some renaissance prince wanting me for his princess."

"I'm a duke actually." He murmured as he riffled through the armoire.

"A what?" Hailey whirled around from where she had begun pacing. "A duke. You mean like, the only other noble under a prince..?"

"You know your stuff." He commented. "In all reality, I am only the heir but my father delegates to me much already. I am cousin to Damien, who is second in line to inherit the kingdom. Alexander is first in line, Marius is third and I guess I am fourth. You don't have to worry about being a princess or a queen but a duchess."

"Oh no." She moaned softly.

"Okay...here." He pulled out a dark sapphire colored dress that didn't look like anything that needed a corset so she was happier.

"I could never be a duchess, not that I'm saying I would marry you or anything because I don't know anything about you."

"You know I've searched for you since I was a boy and that I know much about your culture and that I'm going to be a duke."

"Not the best things, I should know." She huffed.

"Perhaps. I don't lie." He informed her, again. 

He laid the dress on the bed, noting how she ignored it completely in her haste to get her thoughts and new information in order inside that head of hers. He went to a set of drawers and took out the proper undergarments, glancing behind to run his gaze admiringly over her form.

"Tell me more about what's out of these doors." She requested.

"I've read about your Victorian, Edwardian and all the other eras that you seem to think we belong to because of my speech. The clothing then was ridiculous, you won't get ostracized because you show an ankle or perhaps kiss me in public, I would encourage that actually." Ignoring her snort, he continued. "There are rules, but none as strict as the times I've read about. Your earth if quite restrictive."

"Ha! Some might say not enough."

"Anyway, I can't really explain it. you have to live it. I will guide you, of course. Are you going to get dressed?"

"Are you going to leave me?"

"The screen is there." He pointed at a wall screen that she could tell was sheer enough for him to catch her silhouette. 

She grabbed the cloth things she saw on the bed and went behind the damn thing, tugging annoyed at her trailing bed sheet.

"Will I always sleep here?" She asked dropping the sheet and ignoring the low gasp she heard from Cullen.

"Uh...there is another room in this suite. Our rooms are accessible to each other, you've been staying in my room."

"Why?" She was looking at the clothing now.

"Because....I wanted you here. You may move to the other room if you like."

She bit her lip reminding herself to think on that later. "What is this?" She mumbled.

"What is what?" She jumped shocked at how close he sounded now.

"This dress looks shredded."

"Its how its been made, fashion or whatever." He eyed her silhouette. 

She held up the waist of the dress and wondered at the shredded fabric that made strips down the legs. The bodice was formfitting and there were cuts in the fabric where her skin would show. She swallowed the lump that formed in her throat. This dress was one of those deconstruction things she saw rarely. She hung it against the screen. "Cullen, is there anything else?"

"That's my favorite. They're pretty much alike but more formal."

She picked up the undergarments. "Oh geez, who made these? Hugh Hephner?"

"Who?" Cullen asked confused.

"So...the grand priestess tells you your, whatever is not in this world so you go searching. You didn't date or anything?"

"Date? Uh, sure."

"Ohhh." She smiled amused at his wary tone. "Don't want to fess to your maybe future bride that you've tumbled a few wenches?" She caught on to his speech. 

"I don't remember reading any earth people who spoke like us. Where'd you learn that?" 

She pulled on the small underwear thankful the back didn't consist of a string. She marveled at how the fabric felt and looked sprayed on. "Reading. Those historical romances, actually. Didn't go digging there did you?"

"No. And I have had relationships with women here but...they all knew I wouldn't marry them."

"Do all men get these little future hints from the priestess?"

"The noble ones, I think. She's a family friend. The non-nobles just...fall in love with whoever."

"Why couldn't you have been a damn peasant." She muttered. She picked up the black slip that looked like a corset at the breasts. 

"Does it bother you that I am noble?" He asked her softly.

"Yes!" Damnit, the thing had laces at her back too. She slipped is on, fitting her breasts in them, knowing they were being pushed up in an ''attractive'' way. "Cullen, these have laces."

"Need help?" He knew he sounded too eager but he wanted to see her body again, and to have her warmth under his fingers was making his head lighter than usual.

She tried, unsuccessfully to tie them behind her back but failed. "I guess." 

"Are you coming out?"

"I might as well. You've seen everything already. She walked out and immediately turned her back to him. She gasped when he tugged the laces tight, pulling her back against his chest for a moment. He pressed his lips to her shoulder. "You look lovely."

She shivered, involuntarily. "I'm half naked."

"Beautifully." He released her slowly and continued the task.

"I won't have to curtsey, will I?"

"No." He chuckled. "You will not but you will see some surprising things in the hall."

"What kinds of surprising things?"

"Ahh...let it be a surprise."

"Oh god, kill me now." She murmured.

He finished with the laces but let his hands curve around her sides to graze her breasts eliciting a gasp and moved down her sides to her hips. He rested them there and stepped up behind her, closer. "You make my blood heat and my head dizzy." He whispered urgently against her neck. "My hands tingle where they touch you, Hailey. Do you not feel it too? I knew it the moment I saw you that you were for me...I hope you do not take too long denying us."

"Cullen." she gasped when his hands pulled her bottom against his hardened flesh. 

"That is what I want." He breathed hoarsely. "My name on your lips. Hearing the sounds you make when I touch you...I want it all. We could have it now, please. Stay here, forget dinner and we will consummate our soul's meeting."

She jerked away. "I do not know you, Cullen."

"You could." He tightened his grasp on her.

"Not this way, that is not what I want now. Please."

He let out a soft sigh and released her gently. "I am sorry, I didn't mean to...handle you roughly."

"It is fine, Cullen. But please, let me come to you if I want..." She glanced at him and into his eyes that seemed too dark.

"I would like that." He turned away. "There are shoes at the bottom of the armoire. They are like the ones on Earth. You should have no problems. I should go change..."

"Okay." She watched him leave, knowing by the stiffness in his body she had not cooled the heat in him at all.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Sorry for the extra long wait. I'm gonna try to write chapters more closely together because it takes a white for them to be submitted. Hope you all enjoy this chapter. I would love to get tips and advice or what you would like to see happen. I want to know what you like and what you don't about this story. So...send me that feedback and don't forget to vote. Thanks! 