 "Are you hungry?" he asked, popping into her office.

She stopped typing for a minute and looked at him, considering. His eyes twinkled, an extra tension was revealed in his bearing. She glanced at his lips, then looked back up to his eyes. Licking her lips, she answered, "Yeah, alright."

"Meet you in the lobby in an hour then," he replied. 

He was grinning. The vision of his grin stayed in the back her mind with the ghost-scent of his cologne.

An hour later, he nodded at her as she approached. She was wearing a business skirt, making everything easier. "Ready?" he asked.

She nodded, "We've only got an hour. I feel like meat. You?"

"That sounds good," he agreed as they walked towards the parking garage.

Opening the door for her, he smiled as she climbed in to his lev-car and settled without bothering to straighten her skirt. Her lower thighs were visible.

Climbing in himself, he fidgeted around to make sure his soft erection had room. His heart rate was climbing. The vehicle lifted off.

As soon as their office building was out of sight below, his hand settled on her thigh. She glanced at him out the side of her eye, and idly unbuttoned her blouse until the bottom edge of her bra was visible.

Breathing deeper, he ran his hand up her thigh in a confident caress until his fingers settled on her vulva. She shivered from heat rushing through her frame. Looking at his profile, she smiled, "Want to hear about my trip?"

"I want to hear how you missed me." His fingers moved then, rubbing her clitoris in teasing strokes. She tensed as arousal grew from warmth to discomfort.

Pausing at a traffic signal, he grasped her nearest hand with his free hand and pressed it against his hard erection encased in clothes. Her hand readily curved around it. In response to which, he rubbed her harder. Her panties were getting wet, and he smiled.

"I rubbed myself every night," she murmured, shifting her hips with his strokes. "And still was unsatisfied."

Reaching over, she unbuttoned his pants and slid the zipper down. His erection was pressing against the material of the underwear. Freeing it, she leaned down, breaking his hold on her, and licked the tip. His masculine flavor delighted her taste buds. A low grunt greeted her effort, and she licked again.

"Five more minutes," he rumbled. He tensed as her mouth closed around him and gripped the steering wheel harder. Her tongue continued to tease. He breathed harder as every press on the controls took effort.

Sliding into the garage at the condo, he sighed in relief. Petting her head, he rumbled, "Turn around."

Releasing him with a squishy pop, she paused to smile at him. Grasping the back of her head to hold her still, he licked her lips and kissed her. When they stopped for a breath, she asked, "Do you have another game to play?"

"Turn around," he repeated, lightly pinching one her nipples.

Grinning, she turned. He pushed her skirt up, her very wet panties were pulled down, and he shifted behind her. She shivered expectantly when his erection pressed against her labia. But he didn't enter.

Leaning over her back, he put two small bottles in front of her. Into her ear he murmured as he rubbed his erection along her labia, brushing her clitoris, making her vibrate for him, "I'm going to put on a decomposable plastic condom. One of these bottles contains lube that's safe to use with it. The other will make it dissolve in two minutes. If I can't hold out that long, it's no risk. If I can, then it's much higher. Choose."

She moaned as he pulled her bra cups down and massaged her breasts, while rubbing her clitoris with his naked erection. Closing her eyes, she grabbed the one to the left, "This one. I don't care. Just penetrate me!" She was on fire. Breathing heavy and shifting her hips to get his erection to press against her harder.

He shifted away from her, and she sucked in deep breaths while listening to him slip the condom on, the brief squirt of liquid, and the squish of its being rubbed along his length. Then he was there. One of his hands teased her clitoris as his other guided his erection between her swollen labia, into the entrance to her vagina. The head was so broad, pressure briefly increased as it slipped in. Then she groaned. 

He slid deeper and groaned himself, "I love the way you squeeze me. All around."

He reached her cervix as his his hips bumped her derriere. "Oh, that feels so good," she murmured, filled.

He began rocking, pulling back, pressing in. His hands slipped around to rub her nipples. The lube still clinging to his fingers making them slippery.

"Where are you in your cycle?" he asked, his voice rough.

She shook her head, her thoughts were submerged with pleasure. Every press and tug of his erection through her made her pelvic muscles tighten closer to exploding. "It's been a while." When he released a nipple and rubbed her clitoris she squeaked, "I don't know."

His leisurely thrusts were keeping her on edge, the sensation of his rubbing against her walls intensifying. "Faster," she grunted.

"No, I'm taking my time for this quickie," he chuckled.

She pressed back against him, to take him deeper. He kept up his light clitoris tease, and she tossed her head. A short eternity later, she shuddered, her frame tightening, ready for the coming conflagration. Taking a deep breath, she screamed, "Oh, YES!"

Her body seized, her muscles spasmed, and he grasped her hips thrusting harder and faster, as she was consumed by the power in her orgasm.

When her muscles locked around him, squeezing, releasing, squeezing, releasing in perfect pleasure, he erupted. Jets, of exquisite satisfaction, shot deep into her shaking body. Pure satiation washed through his frame as his seminal fluid, absent any barrier, saturated the fertile woman in his arms. She didn't know, but he did.

"Ready to find out how the game ended?" he asked.

Panting, gasping for air and recovering from her orgasm, she mock-sighed, "Okay, lets see it."

He easily slid out, and with him was freely flowing ejaculate. It clung to her skin, sliding down her thigh. He slid his fingers through it and returned to massaging her clitoris and nipples with it. 

His mouth settled on her neck with a lick and a soft bite. "Lets see if we can get you to orgasm again."

"I love you," she groaned, as he teased her super-sensitive flesh. He was rubbing her in small circles, then alternated with pinching, back to small circles but harder. Her involuntary twitches of arousal occurred more frequently.

When another orgasm seized her cum-coated body, he murmured, "Shall we play another game tomorrow?"

"YES!" she yelled, jerking violently in his arms.

She slumped then, spent. He pulled her panties back up. As she straightened her bra, he murmured, "Good."

Opening the glove compartment, he revealed sandwiches and straightened his own clothing back up. "I love you, too," he added taking his sandwich and settling into the driver's seat again.

They ate as he flew them back. After parking in the garage, he kissed her again. Then they were climbing out and returning to their offices. As she slipped away down the hallway, he glanced at her derriere. He smiled to himself, satisfied. Their wretched, hyperactive, arch-villainous-child might have a sibling soon.