 Vincent swung his bastard sword at the shambling corpse, cutting off the legs and sending it to the ground. When it reached rotting hands out for him, he brought his boot down to meet it. Finding no further sign of activity, he quickly glanced around at the few other corpses incoming. 

When he had heard from his neighbor that zombies were coming out of a cave, Vincent wasn't sure what to think. Was it real? Zombies and other forms of undead weren't unheard of, but they were more common in places with mages. 

Was it just a bunch of violent people with hangovers? The cave the zombies were coming out of was known for bacchanals and orgies. Just a couple years ago, two guys got into a fight at that cave after one of them fucked the other's wife in a drunken haze. 

Standing in front of the cave, bastard sword in hand as he watched some oncoming corpses, he had to acknowledge the reality. Vincent had only come here to be certain there was no problem. Like checking to see if the cow was sick, but not expecting sickness. 

The discovery displeased him. 

"Well." He said to himself with a sigh. "At least these corpses aren't that dangerous." The zombie he put down struggled hard, but it walked slow like all the others coming at him. "Just gotta keep this blade swinging." 

With that in mind, he lazily swung his sword against the closest zombie. He grinned when it cleanly chopped the head off. Vincent knew he had more muscle than most of the others in the village, but didn't have much reason to be proud of it. Not much use for all his muscle on the farm. 

"Until now," he muttered. Savagely grinning, he strode forth to take on a pair closing in. He took the first one down with a cleave, while he kicked the second down. Stabbing the fallen zombie, he got ready to meet the others, not knowing his progress was being watched. 

"Oh, this is good." The blonde muttered to herself as she watched, enjoying the show. So much it turned her nipples hard, while her pussy began to moisten. This was the kind of thing she liked. 

She guided her hand down the curve of her hip, bringing it close to that dripping pussy. With a bite of her lip, she took the hand away. 

She wanted to enjoy this young man when he reached her. That dark-haired young man with those muscles. During the fighting, she noticed his shirt move, revealing some abs that she just wanted to lick. 

"And those eyes." She thought about those eyes as she shifted her bare legs. Did he think about those dark-gray eyes of his? She had never fucked a man with gray eyes before. What would it be like to stare into those eyes as he plowed her hard?

She looked forward to finding out. She had wanted to use these zombies to capture a young man for herself, but this could be nice as well. Now, all she had to do was get ready.

He would come by soon. She would make sure the zombies let him. Then, she would make him cum. 

Vincent wanted to charge around the corner, but the last fight had made him cautious. While chopping down three, another one had gotten behind him. The thing had only grabbed his shirt, forcing Vincent to tear it apart to get free. Now, bare-chested and sweaty, he looked around the corner to check the situation. 

There, in a simple hall with two shelves on the walls, Vincent saw a robed figure standing in front of a cauldron. He looked behind the robed figure, finding only two zombies. Checking for more, he found a simple cage of wood holding a nearly naked woman. 

Blood rushed at the sight of her. While her features weren't clear in the cave's lighting, courtesy of a few candles spread throughout the cavern, he could tell one thing. She was beautiful. 

Shaking his head clear, he focused on the enemies. Any decisions or thoughts about her could be saved for later. He didn't need any distractions right now. Gazing at the robed figure, who was waving his hand around the smoking cauldron, he took a deep breath. Then he attacked. 

Charging from around the corner. He went for the closest of the zombies first. Swinging his bastard sword in a short arc, he put enough force in it to send it hurtling into the other zombie. 

He felt his sword cut through that first zombie. Unfortunately, he also felt it stick itself into the second. Deciding it would take too long to pull it out, he abandoned it. 

The robed figure was just turning before Vincent got there. Vincent only got a glimpse of an undead face before he drove his fist into it. As the figure fell, Vincent continued to punch its face. By the time Vincent was done punching, the face was such a mess he couldn't even tell its gender. 

The idea of a closer inspection was slapped down before it could rise very high in his mind. 

Shaking the disturbing thought out of his head, he turned his head away. Able to relax, he took a closer look at the woman in the cage. Then, upon seeing her, he resisted the urge to let his jaw drop. 

Vincent gazed in awe at the beautiful woman with the blonde ponytail laying in the cell. Hidden by only two strips of cloth, Vincent savored the sight of her. 

The first thing he noticed was the strip of cloth covering her pussy. It was thin enough he could tell that the skin around it was bald. 

Starting at her legs, he brought his gaze up her body. He dragged it across the curves of her legs, across the tight hips, and over the petite torso he found. His gaze stopped when he found her enormous chest. 

Vincent had been with women before. He'd seen plenty of tits, if he wasn't grasping them in his hands. Compared to the tits he'd known, they were unlike any of them. Forming a fist, he quickly realized they surpassed it in size. Not only that, but he could tell they were firm. Standing upright, he couldn't help but imagine tearing away the single strip of cloth that held them back to find out just how firm. 

Especially since he could see the firm nipples hidden behind that cloth. 

Vincent considered ripping off those strips of cloth and tasting her body. Would he lick that pussy up, run his tongue in circles around those nipples, or savor those delicious red lips? Resting on a pale oval face, beneath sapphire blue eyes, those lips looked delicious. Thoughts of grabbing the ponytail, cupping her chin in his other hand, and kissing those full lips burned through his mind. Those thoughts distracted him almost as much as the massive hardness he felt in his pants.

"Warrior," the young blonde began, "thank you for saving me." She smiled softly, gazing at him with admiration. 

"It was no problem miss." Vincent had heard the phrase often enough. He didn't want to risk saying anything else; he might sound stupid or scare the poor girl further. 

Noticing the girl's slight glance towards his gore-covered knuckles, he figured the sight might have worried her slightly. She didn't react strongly to it though. Vincent thought the girl must have been tough, which he had to admire. 

Still, he figured it was best to draw her attention away. "Was this guy in the robe the one in charge?" The honest concern behind the question helped draw his attention away from her. 

The girl giggled softly, shaking her head no. "Don't worry," she muttered, walking forward with a shake of her hips. "That was the master of those zombies. All the others will fall down now."

Something seemed off with that statement, but Vincent wasn't sure how to address that. He figured it would be in her best interest to warn him of any other problems, so she probably wasn't lying. "Thanks for the information," he muttered, trying to keep his eyes on her face and not her chest; only to get drawn in by her lips and eyes.

"You're very welcome mister?"

"Vincent. Vincent Cauler. And you miss?"

"Amelie Zayne," she answered, introducing herself with two hands over her chest. Noticing Vincent's gaze drawn to them, she smiled, "its fine if you look at them. I like looking at you," she added, running a sultry gaze over his bare torso. 

Unsure how to answer that, he decided to just ask, "do you see any rags close by? I need to wipe this off." He pointed to his hands in explanation. 

"Sure thing." In one smooth motion, the blonde took off the strip of cloth holding her breasts back. Vincent, thanks to his previous experience wasn't struck senseless. Still, he couldn't help but focus on the chest, while he wiped his hands.

He figured that if she had no problem flaunting it like this, she didn't mind it being stared at. "You're very forward Miss Zayne." 

"Please call me Amelie. Don't be so formal."

"My apologies Amelie," he replied, ignoring her comment. "The formality just helps me keep control." 

"Oh, control?" She asked with a raised eyebrow. "What would you be like if you weren't in control? Be honest."

"Honestly," he slowly said, considering the word. "Honestly," he growled, "I'd be taking you to the ground and showing you how a real man fucks." Seeing both her eyebrows now raised he added, "I figure that after whatever you went through here you might be scared, so I wouldn't blame you if you were against that."

"Thanks for the consideration," she replied sarcastically, crossing both arms under her chest. "No really," she explained sincerely, "it is nice of you to be considerate, but I am neither scared nor against that." 

With that said, Amelie strode forward until she was almost nose to nose with Vincent. He briefly considered her smell, some sort of herbal perfume, before she heard her words. "Kiss me," she commanded, fiery lust flowing through her voice. "Take me to the ground. I want you to show me how a real man fucks."

The words broke Vincent's self-control, launching him forward. One hand reached around her waist, grabbing the small of her back. The other grasped her shoulder. With both hands on her, he pulled her into an embrace.

He thrilled in the feel of her, pleased to feel that her tits really were as firm as they looked; while that herbal smell was more enticing now that she was close. With her massive tits pushing back at him, Vincent pulled her face to his. Tilting his head, he met her lips with his. 

He took his time at first, enjoying the warm taste of fruit he found on her lips. Then, he met her tongue with his, both colliding in a surreal swirl of emotion and motion. In this tumble, he took her to the ground. Carefully laying her down on the smooth stone, taking his time while he took his tongue down her body. Tasting the tits as he swirled around the hardened nipples he found there, he then dragged his tongue down to her sopping pussy. 

Pleased by what he found, once he moved her covering cloth aside, he took his time. Comfortably swirling her tongue around the maidenhead, the cool stone and the warm flesh relaxed him. He continued until he heard her gasp in pleasure.

"Please ..." she gasped, seemingly unsure. Recognizing the look on her face, Vincent sped his tongue up. After a minute focusing his tip on her clitoris, he felt her come; feeling her shudder as she squirted her love juices on his face. "Thank you," he heard her mutter, "now mighty warrior. Take me."

Stoicly heeding her words, he spread her legs wide. Quickly removing his pants to free his manhood, he ignored her amazement at his size. There was only one thing that mattered to Vincent now. 

Lining himself up, he penetrated her in a smooth motion. 

Feeling her pussy enjoyable entrapment, he took his time at first. Not slow, but steady. He wasn't ready to blow his load when this woman needed a fuck. 

Like a hammer, he pounded away into her. Angling himself so his motions would hit her clitoris, he could tell his stimulation was working. Burying his face in her tits, he felt her nipples become hard tips; as she moaned with every other thrust. 

After she had come a second time, Vincent decided that it was time to finish. Abandoning any fancy maneuvers, he made himself comfortable and hastened his thrusting. 

Her pussy tightened around him. His speed excited him. He let the oncoming climax consume him. 

With a roar, he came. 

Later, he would realize something unique. That climax emptied him, leaving his balls actually feeling lighter. It wasn't concerning, comfortable in fact to be so satisfied; just unusual for Vincent. 

At that moment though, all Vincent could think about was the young blonde before him. Who grinned widely as she dipped a finger between her legs. Feeling a drop of cum, she took it to her mouth and licked it up. "Hmm. Good taste. Mighty Warrior, that was one of the best fucks I've had in a while," she praised as she took herself from the floor. "If I ever need another good fuck, I won't need to look hard."

With those last words, she suddenly stepped forward. Taken by surprise, Vincent could do nothing but shiver as she ran her tongue up his muscles. On reaching his pectorals, she gave him a quick peck on the lips and smiled coyly with a wave. "Bye-Bye for now."