 Writer's note: This is an experiment and happening in a separate universe from the Happy Accident series. Please comment with what you think. This work was done in collaboration with my dear friend KaiRay, who gave the character Mathias his spark of life. 

***** 

"Captain?" Matilda pokes her head into his office, noticing the pale blonde hair that stuck up over the piles of books. 

"Hm?" 

"It's time to go home, and I was wondering if you would walk me home." 

Mathias sighs and pushes his hair out of his eyes. Matilda had been asking him to walk her home for days. He'd been going along with it, but enough was enough. 

"Not now, I'm busy. You can walk yourself home." 

"But-" 

"No. Walk yourself home. Gods, you're such a baby..." Mathias growls at her. 

"I... I'm sorry for bothering you." Matilda blinks back tears before hurrying out of the office. She flees out into the gathering night, sitting down under a lamp and trying to fight back the tears. She wasn't a baby, she just... wanted to spend more time with him. 

So engrossed in her own thoughts was she that she doesn't hear the soft steps coming up from behind her or the murmured sleep spell that sends her drifting off into oblivion. 

The young witch smirks as she scoops up the girl and carries her back into the alley. Mistress will be happy with this one... 

When Matilda woke up, she was strapped down in what looked like a noble lady's bedroom. It takes her a moment to realize that she had been stripped naked. Sitting nearby is a raven-haired woman combing her hair. Something about this woman oozes sex appeal as she sets her comb aside and turns to look at Matilda. 

"You've awoken. That's good." The woman stands up and walks over to the bed, lazily testing the restraints and ogling the young blonde before her. 

"Wh... who are you!? What do you want with me!?" Matilda struggles against the restraints while the woman watches impassively. 

"My name is Lilith. As for what I want with you..." The woman's eyes gleam. "That's going to take a lot more time." 

She runs a finger up Matilda's stomach, starting at her navel and ending just between Matilda's tiny breasts. "I want to prove that monsters and humans can live and work side by side. Be at peace with each other. And you're going to help me by becoming the first werewolf guardswoman." 

"Wait... what? No, I don't want to become a monster!" 

"By the time I'm done with you..." She reaches over and starts playing with one of Matilda's nipples, causing her to flush and squeak with pleasure. "You'll be more than amenable to the idea." 

Matilda whimpers as the woman continues teasing pleasure out of her. "No... please..." 

"What, did your precious church teach you that love between women was wrong?" Lilith softly purrs as she continues to tease and stroke Matilda's rapidly hardening nipples. "It isn't, you know." 

"That's not... stop it, please!" Matilda struggles as much as her restraints would allow, soon out of breath and panting. She needs to get away from this lunatic woman, find Mathias... 

"Oh? Are you saving it all for someone special?" 

Matilda's eyes widen as she stares at the woman, her surprise evident based on the woman's smirk. 

"Oh, yes, I know about him. The boy who's been walking you home, only lashing out at you last night. The thought of him makes you wet, doesn't it?" The woman's right-hand trails down Matilda's body while the left continues playing with her nipples. 

"N-No it doesn't! Please, let me go, I don't want to be here..." Matilda lets out an involuntary whine as she feels a single finger stroke the outside of her womanhood. 

"Liar." 

"Huh?" 

"You lied when you said the thought of him doesn't make you wet. All I had to do was mention him, and you're getting nice and slick..." She begins probing and exploring Matilda's womanhood, finally finding a spot that causes Matilda's eyes to unfocus briefly. 

"Found it..." 

"F-found what?" 

"I've found your cute little clit, and I'm going to play with it for a while..." Lilith begins stroking and circling that spot, causing Matilda to squirm and writhe as pure pleasure begins to flood her body. 

Why does this feel good? I... I need to stay focused so I can escape when her guard's down. 

"It feels good because this is one of the most sensitive places on your body. And the escape plan is cute, but it's highly unlikely that it'll actually work." 

Matilda stares at the woman, her body trembling as she felt the pleasure begin to blend into somewhere in her belly. 

"Surprised? Don't be." The woman unfurls a set of massive black bat-like wings. "I am a succubus, after all, we're supposed to be good at reading minds." 

Matilda pants and whimpers as the pleasure building inside her reaches the point of being too much. 

"Aww... are you going to cum soon? Best enjoy it since you won't be cumming again for quite some time." 

Matilda manages to make a confused noise before pure pleasure floods through her, scattering her wits and causing her to emit a high, keening sound. 

When she finally returns to her senses, Lilith is getting something out of a box. In her right hand is what looks like a hen's egg painted pink. In her left hand though... was a device Matilda has never seen before in her life. It looks like a chastity belt with a strange nub poking up. 

"This egg will hatch when you next cum, transforming you into the kind of monster that best suits you." Lilith strides over and slides the egg inside Matilda, who whimpers at the intrusion as it's pushed deep inside her. She knows she should be struggling, but... the orgasm she'd just experienced left her utterly boneless, unable to do anything. 

Before Matilda could protest any further, Lilith starts strapping it onto the girl, the nub pressing tightly against her still-sensitive clit. 

Lilith smiles faintly. "You'll both love and loathe this device, girl." 

"Huh?" Matilda blinks up at her, dazed from the force of her orgasm. 

Lilith presses a button on the device, and the nub starts to shake against Matilda's clit, causing the blonde to howl in pleasure. She'd just cum, and now she's about to again. She is so close to release, so... achingly... close...  

But the euphoric release she's hoping for never comes, only never-ending pleasure. 

Lilith's smile grows ever wider as Matilda squirms and moans, begging for the release she knows won't come."Enjoy, little pet. By the time that thing's done with you, I think you'll see things differently..." 

Meanwhile... 

Mathias steps back out onto the street. He'd just finished speaking with one of Matilda's neighbors. Not only had she not come into work that morning, but had also apparently not made it home last night. 

Concerned for his clumsy subordinate, Mathias decides to stop by her apartment, and inquire about her well-being, only to find her door locked up tight with no sign of it having been opened that day. After knocking on the surrounding entries, he finds someone to talk to, the feminine half of a newly married couple with a baby. 

Apparently, she'd taken her baby outside the night before, hoping the fresh air would help the baby sleep. According to her, she was out there until almost midnight and Matilda never came home. These words ring the danger bell in Mathias's conscience since Matilda hadn't taken a single day of vacation in the two years she'd been employed. 

Fearing the worst, he decides to break into her apartment, hoping to scoop up some clues, anything at all that his subordinate might have left behind that could help him track her down. 

Upon getting into the apartment, he finds a tidy apartment with a few piles of books scattered about. He couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at the well-used stack of relationship-advice magazines. Entering Matilda's bedroom, he sees a bed that was never slept in, still neatly made from the previous morning. 

Nearby is a plain vanity, with a hairbrush and comb sitting on the left-hand side. Nothing is disturbed as far as Mathias can tell. With his investigative acumen kicking into action and Mathias trying hard to find out an anomaly, he doesn't notice either the faint creaking of the front door or the soft, almost cat-like footfalls closing in on him from behind. 

He hears the faint whisper of someone chanting behind him, but before he can fully process it, he's hit with an intense amount of fatigue, his mind only able to focus on the overwhelming urge to sleep. 

"And just who are you? No matter, Mistress will be happy with a new toy." The minion witch murmurs as Mathias hits the floor, clearly excited at the prospect of being praised by her Mistress. 

When Mathias wakes up, he's tied to a chair set at a wooden table, a dark-haired woman sitting across from him. In another room, he can hear someone whimpering and moaning incoherently. "You must have been tired, you've been asleep for almost ten hours." She crosses her arms, pushing up her already large breasts. "Don't you have a rotten sense of timing, mister? You went and nearly ruined my Mistress' plan." 

"Who...wh...who are you?!" Mathias grunts quizzically, tensed at being restrained. "Let me out!" he growls, commanding that eerie woman who seems mightily impressed by Mathias, or shall we say his 'features.' 

"My name is Misha. As for letting you out..." She purrs softly and cups his cheek in her hand. "That's not happening, cutie. Mistress will need to talk to you first. What were you doing in that girl's room?" 

Stunned by hearing Misha refer to Matilda, he frantically blurts, " You have Matilda?! Where is she?!! What have you done to her?!!" 

Misha laughs a little, a smirk on her face. "So that's the girl's name. No harm's come to her, I promise. I've done nothing to her. Mistress, on the other hand..." 

Mathias, not taking kindly to hearing that veiled threat against his subordinate, his protective seniority kicks in. He pushes against the ropes which have constricted him tight like a Boa and almost manages to break out of the bonds. 

"Easy there... No harm has come to your little friend. Nor will any, I promise you that much." 

Breathless from the unsuccessful physical exertion, with bloodshot eyes, he looks up at his kidnapper, " You better make sure of that. Otherwise, I'll make sure I remove every trace of you and your loved ones from the face of this Earth!" 

He hears a high, keening cry which he identifies after a moment as a cry of pleasure, which Misha smirks at. "See? She's just fine. Mistress wants to speak to you, but..." She licks her lips and eyes his groin. "She never said I couldn't have a little taste first..." 

" Don't you dare lay a finger on me!" Mathias roars, making frantic attempts to break out of the bonds and go save his poor, helpless subordinate. But to his surprise, anger, and embarrassment, he soon realizes his body is betraying him. Trying to hide his very apparent arousal, he tries to bend forward, knowing it's in vain. 

Misha grins and runs a hand over the tent forming in his trousers. "You're turned on by getting tied up? What a delightful pervert." 

"Ungh!" he growls, glaring with rage and contempt at Misha, trying his best not to be seduced by her charm and exquisite physique, but he has no idea what's in store for him! 

She continues using her hand to stroke him through his pants, soon bringing him to full mast. "Seems I did the right thing when I nabbed you. You're perfect for what Mistress has in mind..." 

Mathias can feel his cock straining his blue uniform trousers. He can feel his zipper getting distended by the growth of his member. Mathias never really bothered to get his uniform tailored to accommodate his erection, but now the guard captain wishes to heavens that he had! With each stroke of Misha's hand, he can feel the rush of blood quicken and his cock grow even more, soon reaching its full length of nine inches. 

His cock tenses and swells up, further straining his pants as his orgasm built. He just needed a little bit more... 

She suddenly takes her hand away, causing his cock to twitch in search of further stimulation. It had been months since his last orgasm, a fact now causing him intense discomfort. 

She smirks as pre-cum oozes from the tip of his cock, causing a dark spot to form on his trousers. "Not just yet, cutie. Mistress has something special in mind for you." 

"Speak of the devil, and she will appear, Misha." A woman even more beautiful than Misha enters the room, dressed in a tight black dress that exposed an almost obscene amount of cleavage. Based on the wings, the woman was most likely a succubus. "Who's this?" 

"A guy I found in your new toy's bedroom, Mistress. Seems attached to her." 

"She's not some toy that you play with, you witch!" an uneasy, enraged Mathias barks. "Let both of us go, and you shall live!" Tough times lie ahead of our captain, as however hard he tries, he's not, in any way, able to hide his rather large tent, which now seems to be growing further in the presence of this enchanting succubus. 

"Don't worry, cutie. Matilda's not hurt at all. Would you like to see her?" 

Instead of replying in positive, Mathias, seething with rage, stares right back at the succubus. His eyes convey all his pent-up anger- boiling, simmering, ready to burst out the moment he's released from captivity. 

"What do you say, Misha? I think she'll be happy to see him." 

"Couldn't agree more, Mistress." Misha taps on the chair briefly, and it floats a few inches off the ground, with the succubus attaching a rope to the back of it. Tugging him along like a dog on a leash out of the room he was being kept in and towards the room emanating cries of tormented pleasure that caused his cock to twitch and throb against his will. "She hasn't gotten much sleep, but I think she'll perk up for you." 

The woman opens the door, leading him into a pitch black room, setting the chair down against a wall. As his eyes adjust to the darkness of the room, he sees the source of the cries, a restrained, feminine outline lying on a bed, squirming. "Just a moment, let me get the lights." She starts walking around the room, lighting candles that slowly reveal more details. Soon, he could see enough of the woman on the bed to identify her. 

Lying on the bed, in nothing but a softly humming chastity belt, was Matilda. Her long blonde hair was spread out on the pillows beneath her head, her expression one of bliss as she pants and moans incoherently. 

The woman chuckles and walks up to the writhing girl, reaching over and gently playing with a nipple while Matilda nearly howls in pleasure. "She's such a good little thing, follows any order we give. You trained her well. She's a bit small in the bust, but we can fix that." 

Unable to take his gaze from this unbelievable sight in front of himself, Mathias's expression flips in an instant from that of fury to that of shock. He takes in a moment to process it, as he's at a loss of words, something which he's not really accustomed to. Coming back to his senses, he utters, "Wha..what...what have you done to her? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO HER?!!" 

"That device around her waist is pleasuring her clit but also keeping her from reaching orgasm. The only thing we've done to her." 

"Ah... Lilith? What about the egg?" 

"Oh, right, I almost forgot about that thing." The succubus smiles and gently strokes Matilda's hair. "See? Perfectly fine. A little... overstimulated, but fine." 

Mathias had never seen Matilda in this state. All she ever was to him was a clumsy, little slow but hard-working subordinate who'd been insisting since the past few weeks that he walk her home every night. He never realized that she was...a woman after all. A beautiful woman. Mathias was in a state of dizzy. The charms of Misha, coupled with Lilith's flawless physique, and now this - it was too much to take for his cock, which was now throbbing like never before, ready to burst out of his flimsy trousers at any moment. 

"I suppose now I should explain the egg dear little Misha mentioned." The succubus holds up what looks like a pink and red hen's egg. "This is a catalyst egg. If one of these is inside a woman when she has an orgasm, she transforms into a monster, the type of monster varying according to her personality. Matilda currently has one of these inside her, growing more and more potent with every passing moment her orgasm is denied." 

It's futile... Mathias thinks. He realizes that what he's dealing with here is not a regular monster like the ones he's become habituated to chasing down and capturing. He understands that Lilith is different. She's the most powerful monster he's ever encountered... And she was entirely in control of the situation. "Please...please let her go," Mathias says, his tone that of a defeated soldier at war. 

"Since you asked so nicely... I'll release her and take off the belt. I'll even give you two some time alone." She takes the belt off Matilda, who whines softly at its removal. "Easy there, little one." Lilith turns to Mathias, smiling as she gets ready to undo Matilda's restraints. "No promises about how she'll behave, but here goes." She pulls a cord, causing the girl's restraints to fall away. 

Matilda sits up, blinking and rubbing her wrists. Lilith smiles and points Mathias out to her. "He wants to help you, little one. Why don't you show him what kind of help you need?" 

As if that was all she needed to start moving, she leaps with surprising speed and agility at him, the wall the only thing preventing the chair from being knocked over as she settles into his lap, the two other women leaving the room. 

A shiver runs down Mathias's spine. Matilda is sitting right on his lap, and he's able to feel the heat of her pussy on his aching erection. 

"I should have walked you home, Tilda." Mathias says with a lump in his throat. Snapping back to reality, he realizes time is of the essence here. "Untie me now! Quickly!" 

She whines softly and nuzzles his neck, nipping at the pulse point in his throat as she starts rubbing her soaking pussy on his clothed erection. She starts panting and moaning softly, seemingly deaf to his words. She tilts her head close to his ear and whimpers pleadingly. 

"Please... help me... cum..." Every word is punctuated by moans and gasps as she keeps rubbing against his throbbing, straining erection. "I... need it... so bad..." 

Mathias couldn't believe what he was hearing. It was as if he was talking to a woman possessed. "Tilda!! It's me, Mathias!" Mathias screams as if making frantic efforts to reach her soul, hoping that his innocent fool of a junior is still inside somewhere. 

She whines and grabs hold of his tunic, bunching the fabric in her fists as her hips keep rocking against his. "Please... Captain... Help me... cum..." 

Matilda's words falling in Mathias's ears is like liquid sex to him. He can feel the wetness on his trousers, which is a mix of his pre-cum and Matilda's juices. He knows that Matilda cannot be allowed to cum under any circumstance. Otherwise, she'll transform into a monster, but his body wants him to have his way with Matilda then and there. 

"Ti...Tilda!! Don't bail out on me now!! I know you can hear me!!" Mathias erupts, responsibility winning over pleasure. 

She whines softly and nips playfully at the pulse point in his neck, a mix of pain and pleasure written on her face. "Please, Captain... my pussy... it aches... help me... cum..." An idea seems to dawn on her, and she slides off his lap before desperately fumbling with his trousers. After snarling in frustration a few times, she manages to get his throbbing, painfully hard cock exposed. 

She stares at it for a moment, panting before climbing back into his lap and pressing the tip of his cock against her pussy where it stays for a moment before sliding inside, wrapping it in her tight, wet heat. 
