 Day 1

Sara was angry with her parents. She was smart, one of the smartest people in her high school class, and in her mind she knew she shouldn't be upset, and that the anger was just part of some teenage emotional misfire. But her parents knew she'd had a date planned for this weekend, and they'd brought her camping anyway. And since the summer had just begun, the plan was to stay a whole week. It wouldn't be so bad, she thought, there was cell reception, but there was nothing. No bars. Even in the middle of the highest grassy clearing she could find, there was no signal. She pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed, switching off her phone to save batteries. Sara was a senior Wilderness Girl, and had earned merits in hiking and survival skills, so her parents hadn't been too worried when she stalked off, fuming, after spending ten minutes grumbling to herself and packing a daypack with food and equipment. Turning around, she started back toward the edge of the clearing, the way she came.

As Sara hiked back through the forest, she thought to herself that maybe this trip wouldn't be so bad. Her little sister, Lucy, had come along. Though only a couple months younger, Lucy had never taken to the Wilderness Girls with any sincerity, and was still a novice, but she was part of Sara's troop, so her parents had figured they could get a head start on summer camp. Sara knew all the knots and could identify every plant and animal they might encounter, but Lucy had always been a better swimmer. Maybe, Sara tried to think optimistically, they could teach each other, and more importantly, Lucy could help her forget about the date she wasn't going on. Had she not been dragged out here, she would have finally had sex for the first time and was horny as all get out. She needed the distraction or, she feared, she may never make it out of the woods alive.

The sun was still high in the sky, and Sara found it odd that she had almost arrived back at the campsite. She knew she'd taken the same route; she'd finally reached the small lake she'd passed on the way out, but there was something not quite right, as if she was moving very quickly or time was passing much more slowly. Looking straight up, Sara felt a sense of dread and wonder. The sun refused to move. To make sure she wasn't imagining things, she looked at her shadow for a moment. No movement at all. Time was moving slower, or even standing still! Sara began to run. She'd watched enough TV to know that her rapid aging could cause a serious misunderstanding with her family. She picked up speed, her legs straining to cover ground. Branches whipped at her face as she careened through the forest, and just up ahead, she could see the lights of her family's campfire.

Campfire?! As Sara hit the boundary of the time bubble, she rocketed into the night, causing her stomach to do cartwheels. For just a moment as she jerked through space and time, Sara thought she saw something out of the corner of her eye, something blue and glowing.

She staggered and fell to her knees just outside the campsite, and as she reeled from the time dilation, her father came and stood over her. "Sara?" he said, kneeling down next to her. "We were beginning to worry. Where were you?"

Out came the story, almost all at once: the clearing, the lake, the sun and shadow. As she slowed, she noticed her father looking at her quizzically, and decided to leave out the glowing blue lights. "And then I saw your campfire," she said, still gasping for air, her brandy-colored hair decorated with leaves and twigs, "and then I was here!"

"That sounds like quite an adventure you had," her father, Don, said sounding as sincere as he could. He had become somewhat used to his tomboy daughter coming back to him with scrapes, bruises, grinning as if she'd found gold. It concerned him that she wasn't smiling this time, but everyone gets scared once in a while, he told himself. She had probably just lost track of time and panicked.

As he helped her to her feet, she took comfort in his warmth and strength. Just approaching middle age, he still had the lean body of his army days, but had put on a little, comfortable padding. He ran his fingers through her hair and held her close. Like her father, Sara was typically calm and collected. Even when angry, she would never do anything blindly. Before his hair had turned salt-and-pepper, he'd had a head of smooth, straight brown hair, like hers. When he was fresh out of the army, he'd grown it out just barely long enough to tie it back, like hers was now, but when the kids were born, he kept it short, he joked, to avoid grasping hands.

"So what really happened?" Lucy asked, not at all concerned. Sara's little sister, like their mother, was a little fire starter, always with a confrontational attitude that always seemed to ride the border between playful and malevolent. Also, like their mother, she had slightly curly blonde hair that hung loosely around her neck and shoulders.

"Oh, hush," their mother, Maggie, said.

"Apparently, she did a little time traveling," Don said, winking at Sara.

"I'll say," said Lucy. "You were gone for ages. Did you bring us back anything fun?"

Sara, still off kilter, headed for her and Lucy's tent, grumbling, "I think I found a punch in the mouth, but I put it in my bag. I'll go see if I can find it."

Alone in the tent, Sara felt her senses begin to return to her. She clearly remembered the whole incident and thought she could figure out the location of the blue light she'd seen. Pulling a map from her bag, she found the spot she'd marked upon arrival as their campsite. Remembering the landscape and the position of the sun when she'd left angrily, she traced a ballpoint pen along the paper and found the small lake, and then the clearing where she'd tried to get a cell signal.

Five miles! No, she thought. Impossible. But there it was: a curving line from the campsite to the clearing. Figuring she must have run a more direct route back, ignoring thickets and inclines, she drew a straight line back from the spot where she'd noticed that time had stopped. She assumed that the bubble she'd been trapped in was circular, but knew that it extended at least to the clearing, so she drew a circle on the map with one edge just outside the camp and one edge cutting through the clearing. Smack dab in the center of that circle was a small island out in the middle of the lake, which just happened to be the direction she was looking when she saw the blue light. The trouble was, there was no island marked on the map, except the one she'd drawn in when she'd noticed the discrepancy earlier that day. This would be worth a look.

After dinner, Lucy ribbed Sara about her "flight of fantasy" until finally falling asleep mumbling, "Scaredy cat." Sara thought more about how she would get out to the island, and then felt her eyelids get heavy. Just as she was drifting off, she heard the muffled sounds of sex coming from her parents' tent. At first, she was repulsed, but soon it only served to remind her that she wasn't getting any. The more she thought about that, the hornier she became. She'd shaved her pussy thoroughly for the date, and when she clenched her thighs together, she felt how smooth and wet she was, and little fireworks popped in her loins.

Fuck this trip, she thought. When she rolled over in frustration, she found herself spooning Lucy, her face pressed into the younger girl's hair. Even more than before, her pussy tingled and started to burn, which troubled her. Everything just served to turn her on more, and the thought of grinding her aching pussy on her sister's leg was starting to feel like a real possibility.

But, no, she told herself. I can't. What's wrong with me? The only way to distract herself from this madness was to take a walk, so quietly, she got dressed and began packing a bag, and then thought that while she was out, she might as well check out the island. There was a dock on the lake with public canoes. If she could get one down, she could row out to the island and take a quick peek. Just in case she got stuck, she brought a bag of trail mix, a road flare her parents didn't know she had, and a spare set of batteries for the flashlight. In her pocket went the map.

As quietly as she could, Sara unzipped the tent, and for a moment, the sounds of sex from her parents' tent ceased. She froze. When they continued, she walked softly to the edge of camp, waiting until she was well away before turning on her flashlight.

Soon after she left the camp, she noted that time had frozen again, but this time she had brought a wind-up pocket watch to keep track of time. To be back before dawn, she wound the clock for a four-hour countdown-more than enough time to get out there and back, assuming nothing went wrong. Still, she wanted as much time as possible to explore, so she began jogging down the path to the dock.

Why there was a dock with public canoes, she honestly couldn't say. As far as she could tell, they were the only campers in ten miles of the water. Perhaps there was something about the bubble that kept people away, but why not her? She soon tired of listing all the possibilities and resigned herself to finding out when she reached the island.

Getting the canoe into the water was easier than she'd expected. These were some seriously fancy canoes, made out of the newest lightweight materials. They were much lighter than the clunky wood-and-fiberglass ones at the Wilderness Girl summer camp. And, as it turned out, the boat handled better and was faster than the ones at summer camp. Perhaps, though, the thrill of exploration was simply driving her on.

Or not. The closer she got to the island, the more she seemed wrapped in a sense of foreboding. Her skin prickled and she shivered, despite the warm summer night air. Maybe this wasn't such a great idea, Sara thought, dragging her paddle in the water. She looked around. The night had turned the lake and inky black that didn't seem to reflect the stars or moon. The only way she could see the island was by catching its silhouette against the curling arm of the Milky Way in the night sky. If she got lost or her tiny canoe flipped over, she may never be found. This thought chilled her even more than that of being lost in a time bubble.

Just as she made to turn the canoe around, perhaps by chance, the glowing blue light caught her eye and then disappeared again. It had definitely come from the island, and she could tell she was close. She strapped her flashlight to the front of the canoe and rowed on. When the flashlight beam met the edge of the island, she let the canoe drift until it slid firmly against the muddy shore. Hopping out and grabbing the light from the front, she dragged the canoe up onto land, letting it lay had hidden in the reeds. At first, the mud threatened to suck her hiking boots from her feet, but soon enough she was on solid ground, a thick row of trees ahead of her and the lake behind her.

Sara still couldn't see where the blue glow had come from, but she was determined to find out. She pointed the flashlight into the thicket and headed in. To her shock, the tree line was only a few yards thick, after which it opened up into a clearing. A canopy of branches stretched overhead, hiding the focus of her attention: a perfect half-sphere of what appeared to be stone. She immediately noticed a series of round holes in the sides, all emanating a blue glow, and guessed that if there was something glowing inside, there must be a way in. She walked around the dome and found the only thing she could describe as an entrance. At ground level there was a square that let out a shaft of blue light. It was small, but it as she examined it more, it appeared that it was a large slot, like that on a piggy bank, only the rest of it was buried.

She got down on her hands and knees and measured herself next to the opening. It would be a squeeze, but she could fit. First, she slid her pack in, and once she felt it drop, she went in feet first. She got stuck, briefly, at her chest and shoulders, and cursed her breasts. She'd been a late bloomer, unlike her sister, and having curves was a relatively new thing. Sara loved having them in every situation other than squeezing into small places, which she seemed to do pretty frequently.

Inside, she was awestruck. The blue glow was coming from a small tree. Every part of it radiated energy, and she found herself both terrified and soothed. The longer she stared at it, though, the more comfortable she became. After her experience yesterday, this wasn't such a huge leap forward. She started toward the glowing plant, but stopped short, some instinct told her not to touch it. Instead, she looked around the inside the dome and saw a hole in the ground larger than the entrance she'd just slipped through. Peering in, she saw that it looked to be part of a structure. There were ladder-like rungs leading down the hole, and beyond that, more glowing colors and a slight humming. 

And then there was the smell coming from the hole, was a smell she could only associate with desire. It was slightly reminiscent of sex, but only very slightly. There were other words for the smell, too, but if she'd had to name them, they'd all be just out of reach. The only thing it triggered in her so far was the desire to explore. Wasting no more time, she shouldered her pack and climbed down the ladder.

What she saw when she reached the bottom was a wonderland of exotic plants that she knew could not possibly be from this world. There were vines, the veins in whose leaves glowed crimson. Another blue tree like the one above glowed blue against a wall. However alien the plants around her, she recognized that she was in a corridor of some kind, but it all seemed naturally built. There were no sharp edges or right angles.

Sara continued on, and while the feelings of desire and wonder continued, the sense of foreboding returned with a vengeance. She felt as if she was being watched, yet she saw no eyes. She also could have sworn she saw the plants move, and got the sense that she was being led somewhere, but she shook it off. Continuing on, she let herself become lost in the wondrous, glowing arboretum.

As she approached a junction, she checked her pocket watch in the glow of a hanging vegetable of some sort. She had a little under three hours left. Just in case she got lost on the way out, she gave herself another hour of exploration.

The corridor led naturally to an open doorway, but Sara found it odd that she couldn't find an actual door. In the center of the large room on the other side was a tree covered in vines. Unlike nearly every plant in this place, the tree in this room did not glow, but in the light of all the others, it appeared to be damp with rain that could never have fallen. Leading up to it was a path lined with encroaching thorny bushes blooming with glowing roses. Sara passed through the doorway and started cautiously down the path. She took as much care as she could to avoid touching any of the thorny bushes, but about halfway to the tree she had to inch around a long stem with a luminescent ruby flower on the end, and a thorn snagged her wrist, leaving a light crimson scratch. A single bead of blood welled up, and out of habit, Sara put the scratch to her lips and sucked lightly.

Something about the situation worried her and she looked back to the doorway. It was gone, replaced by a thatching of thin vines. So, she was being led here. The thought scared her, but there was something about this room that increased her desire. She wanted to explore more, of course, but all her other desires were flooding back, and she found herself focused on her temporarily forgotten horniness once again. This time, the frustration was replaced by a focused lust, and she felt the wetness between her legs return. She also felt a crazy electricity in her belly that she knew was the desire for answers to this place. 

Though she didn't know how, exactly, she knew she was being manipulated. Her sister Lucy was, even though she was the younger sister, a master manipulator. She always had boys-and sometimes girls, Sara had noted with curiosity a few months back-wrapped around her fingers at school. As far as she could tell, Lucy had never done anything with a boy-or a girl-but seemed to derive joy simply from the power. Sara had long ago become nearly immune to the younger girl's wiles, and had gained an almost sixth sense for manipulation, but in this case, she simply chose to give in. Turning back toward the tree, she saw that all of the thorny bushes now seemed to lean back away from the path, inviting her to press on further. With renewed drive, Sara approached the tree.

Under the canopy, a drop of liquid dripped from one of the vines onto her arm. It was warm, and when Sara went to wipe it off with her finger, she noticed that it was slippery and felt oddly familiar. She smelled it. Her eyes went wide. It was her! She was no stranger to the smell and taste of her own juices. After masturbating, she almost always spent a blissful few minutes smelling and tasting her own fingers. She tentatively licked at the tip of her finger. It really was her! Her sexual frustration returned. If she didn't come soon, she felt as if she would lose her mind. But one last bit of curiosity had to be satisfied first.

Sara reached up and touched the vine, running her fingers along it to gather a little more of the juice. As she did, she felt it ripple just as she would feel the inside of her pussy ripple when she would orgasm. Her mind went to what she would do next. She imagined leaning against the tree and making herself cum, all the while smelling her own juices as they dripped from the vines. No longer able to withstand the lust, she dropped her pack, quickly threw off her boots and socks, and wriggled out of her shorts, skinning her damp panties over her legs. Just for extra measure, she lifted her shirt and bra off in nearly one motion, letting her pert breasts jiggle free. Then came the panic.

As soon as she was naked, as if the tree had been watching, two soft roots quickly wound themselves around her ankles. She hesitated a moment too long, and two vines dropped down lassoing each of her hands. The roots kept her planted, but the vines recoiled to the other side of the tree, pressing her face roughly into the trunk and causing her body to lean against it. Sara screamed as the unbridled lust she'd had was ripped away in an instant and replaced with terror. Her screams were also filled with anger toward herself. She should have known she was just food to these things. How else did they survive down here?

A vine dangled down and hung around her neck, cutting off her scream. This is it, she thought. And closed her eyes. And waited. After a skipped heartbeat or two, she opened them again and saw something odd. The dark green vine was coated in the juices that smelled like her, and the glowing plants in the room shimmered off of it in a psychedelic rainbow. Slowly, those reflections were replaced by real light coming from within the vine. As she watched, a hundred smaller, glowing green strands, each a new vine, sprouted from within the old one that now draped loosely around her shoulders. These new sprouts, the thickness of yarn began to wind gently around her torso, tickling her slightly with their tiny, fuzz-like hairs.

There were spots behind her ears, she'd discovered one night while making out with a boy from school, that drove her crazy when kissed. She shuddered as a few of the new sprouts wound their way to those spots as if they'd known exactly what she needed. Sara felt her body relax, and when it did, the vines crushing her against the tree loosened their pull, allowing her to breathe easier, but still remained firm.
