 A few months ago I was a complete nobody working in my basement. That changed when the embarrassed shriek cut through my focus. But I'm a bit ahead of myself here. Let's start at the beginning.

My name is William. For my entire life I have been obsessed with the world of the dead. Not the creepy pentagrams and black candles type, but the gadgets and long stake out type. Through this obsession, I worked every night after school in my basement building a machine. With this machine I hoped to bridge the physical plain and the one just beyond the veil. It was during the first test that something went... haywire.

At exactly 11:43 pm one night, I tested my invention. My invention was supposed to be a doorway. In simple terms, I attempted to combined frequencies often used to communicate with ghosts and electromagnetic power to open a path to the plain where ghosts rest, while not materializing into ours. At first, all I saw was a bright green spark. That was when I felt a pulse of energy hit me in the chest, causing me to black out.

Groggy is the appropriate word to use to explain how I felt when I woke up. It was probably why I didn't realize the change I had gone through right away. I slowly sat up, rubbing my face, and nearly blacked out again when I saw where I was sitting. My chest, heaving from my hyperventilating, was cut in half by the coffee table I was sitting in the middle of. Using my feet, I tried to push away from the table, but I had a sudden horrifying sensation of my feet sinking into the floor. And it was as if when my feet passed through the solid concrete floor of my basement, it broke whatever spell was keeping my incorporeal body in place and I started to sink into the floor. 

Suffocating panic. That was something I had no experience with up until that point in my life. My life until then was very boring. Only one word came to mind and that was "up". It took a moment for the panic to fade and for me to realize I was now floating above the table, only half of my foot still phased through it. 

Now, I'm going to skip the whole cliché, superhero power testing montage and just tell you what I found out. Over a couple days, I found out that I could fly, pass through solid objects, turn invisible, and if I concentrated hard enough, do the same with any number of things other than myself. It is truly impossible to explain just how exhilarating having these abilities is. 

What I mentioned when I started sharing this story was my life changing, no longer being a nobody. I wish that was in a good way. Let me take a second to explain myself. I am a 5'6, 120 pound, 22 year old geek. I was literally a nobody. Ironically, before my accident, I was already like a ghost in the halls of my university. That changed eight days after my accident.

Being the lonely geek I am, once again I feel victim to a typical cliché. Using my powers, I snuck into the female dorms. I ghosted from room to room, seeing women of all college ages in all states of dress. Of course this was my first time ever seeing a woman naked, and now there was a sea of endless opportunities. It was a few minutes into my exploring that I wondered unseen into her room.

Jasmine Chambers. She was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen in my entire life. 5'5, black hair, green eyes, ivory skin, perky full breasts and the sexiest heart shaped ass. I nearly came in my underwear when I wondered into her room. She was naked, picking out what she was going to wear tonight at the clubs. Due to visual stimulation, I was experiencing the strongest erection of my young life. 

With little control of my own body, I started to masturbate while watching her walk around the room rifling through clothes and posing in the mirror. As I neared climax, my eyes drifted closed and my hand moved faster over my stiff shaft. It was seconds before I came that I heard the shriek. My eyes flew open and I saw a naked Jasmine, staring at me, her hands moving to cover her naked body. Seeing her naked again pushed me over the edge and despite no longer stroking myself, cum erupted from my cock. One of the strongest orgasms of my life sent my thick seed towards Jasmine, cutting off her shriek when a thick rope of my cum hit her in the face. 

By the time she got over the shock of being hit in the face with my cum, two more streaks of cum hit her in the neck and chest, the last of my cum dripping onto her carpet. Covering her chest with one arm, she picked up a heavy history book and threw it at me, aiming for my face. Embarrassed and drained, I couldn't focus on my powers, and did all that was left for me to do. I ran from her room, through the dorm and toward the house I lived in off campus.

So that's how I went from being a complete nobody, to being the pervert that hid in Jasmine Chambers room and came all over her naked body. I was pacing my basement almost a day later when I heard my door bell. Fearing some jock boyfriend or worse the Dean, I slowly made my way toward my front door. When I opened the door, my heart nearly stopped. Standing at my door, alone, was Jasmine Chambers. She was wearing what seemed to be as much clothing as possible and still be comfortable. Her eyes kept avoiding mine at first but seeming to decide something, she forced herself to look me in the eyes which of course caused my own to drop.

The steadiness of her voice surprised me a little when she spoke to me. "I saw what you did. I was alone, so I can't prove it, but I saw you in the mirror, appear out of thin air in the corner of my room, while I was... " She let the sentence go unfinished and just stared at me. Slowly, I forced myself to look up at her and spoke as steadily as I could. "If you already know you can't prove it, why come here and tell me you know my secret?"

Her beautiful green eyes narrowed, as if I was threatening her. I wasn't of course, I just had no social skills. Then she smiled. It wasn't a beautiful, charming smile, but a cold balls-in-a-vice smile. "Because everyone saw you run from my room naked. I could at the very least get you kicked out and arrested. Then you would have to expose yourself to get free. So I believe the first step here is, I want to see what you can do, and then I'll decide what I will or won't do."

Despite the whole blackmailing thing, I was ecstatic. Jasmine Chambers wanted to come into my house and spend time near me. I kept myself from smiling and lead her inside away from any possible prying eyes. "I will, but you have to leave your purse, overcoat, and hat here. I'd prefer any possible ways of filming me be left here." She did as I asked and followed me down into the basement away from windows. I guess she didn't think I was going to hurt her because she didn't even hesitate.

I took my time, showing off, but she sat still not saying or doing anything, analyzing, much like I would. It made me wonder why she wasn't in more classes like mine, instead of a design major. Maybe she just didn't like science. I showed everything, finishing by showing how I could affect other things by reaching through the small coffee table, grabbing my bag that was under it and pulling it through the table.

Jasmine started pacing around my basement thinking. I sat quietly on the couch and watched, curious as to what she'd ask me to do. What she didn't know was that I had already come up with a plan of my own and would get something I wanted as well. When she finally stopped pacing, she started at me. "So this is how it will be. If I want something, or if I want something done, you will do what you have to do help me out." She nodded, finalizing the deal and looked at me again, waiting for me to agree, to admit defeat.

Feeling more confident than I had my whole life, I stood up and gave her a faint smile. Seeing my smile took the edge off her's. "I've been thinking. Yes, you could call the cops, get me arrested, even kicked out. But with these powers I don't need school and I won't spend time in jail. On the other hand, I could also claim victim and tell them that you invited me, got me naked, and played some cruel prank on me. I am certain that at least one person in the jury at my trial was picked on at some point in their lives and they will be at a standstill, letting me go free."

I took a few steps toward her, slowly gaining more and more confidence. "So, this is what I see happening. You can have what you want, but it will cost you of course. You can say no, but with no leverage over me, there is nothing stopping me from doing whatever I want anyway." I had to keep my hands clenched tightly to keep from shaking, the adrenaline of confronting someone for once in my life putting me a little on edge. I made my way back to the couch and sat, waiting for her response.

The cold smile turned into an almost dark frown. She stared at me for a long time and finally spoke. "I guess, after what I saw in my room, the only thing you could possibly be seeking would be sex." There were no mirrors in the room, but I know exactly how I looked when I reacted because I am of course a scientist. My eyes widened, pupils dilated, my breathing grew shallow and rapid, sweat beaded on my forehead and my mouth was suddenly dry. Also, I of course suddenly had a raging hard on.

I'm sure, then, I would have settled for much less. Touching her perfect body, a hand job, maybe even just a kiss. I had of course had none of these, and here she was offering all and more. I took a deep breath and thought of pickles. That may seem very strange, but if you think of anything sour your mouth will usually start to water and I used this to gain control of myself again. I wet my lips, leveled my breathing, and forced myself to relax before speaking. 

"That would of course depend on the favor you are asking." I could have demanded sex for every favor, but instead I would make it easier for her to ask for small things and then get as additiced to my power as I was and make it more likely for her to offer sex for a bigger favor. She just smiled, seeing a way out of having sex with some geeky basement hermit.

"Fine, I will be back in a few days after thinking about it some." She stared at me for a few moments and then turned, leaving in a hurry. I followed her to the door and then locked it behind her, leaning on the door. Wanting the sight of her face fresh in my mind, I didn't even bother to move before pulling out my straining cock. Images of her naked and fabricated images of us having sex played across the inside of my eyelids like a movie, giving me a powerful orgasm. I couldn't wait for the real thing.

Four days had passed and I had returned to classes. I always sat in the back, away from my laughing classmates. I avoided populated hallways and the caf, not wanting to give anyone that saw or heard what happened a chance to harass me. It was starting to worry me that she hadn't come to me yet, and I wondered if I should just move on and go back to doing whatever I wanted to do. That night, while I was going over my invention to see if I could tell what had gone wrong, I heard my doorbell.

When I opened the door, Jasmine walked in without being invited in. I just smiled and closed the door behind her. Turning to face her, I waited for her to speak, letting her lead for now. She crossed her arms and spoke clearly. "I need the answers to my history exam. I've never been very good at it, and with what's been happening, it's been a little hard to study for the test." She gave me an accusing glare and I just suppressed a laugh. 

Considering it was partly my fault why she needed help on the exam and that it would be relatively easy, I decided not to ask for much. Plus, I didn't think I'd last more than two seconds having sex with her and I wanted her to enjoy sex with me so she would be more willing to offer it again. I nodded and stood up. "I think I could do that for a kiss." 

She couldn't hide her surprise at what I wanted in return. She surely expected more, but I wanted to start slow. I could rush head long into it, but not only did I want her to enjoy it, but I also didn't see a ten second roll in the hay to be worth all this trouble. She started to speak but I held up a hand. "No, not after, now."

Sighing, she walked toward me and stood there staring at me. I was a little uncomfortable, nervous, but I wouldn't back out now. Stepping close, I lowered my head a little to make up for the height difference and kissed her. I cupped her face and put my desire for her into my kiss. Being my first kiss, it was awkward, but when I stepped away I could see her pupils were dilated and her cheeks were flushed. I know it didn't even rank on her best kiss list, but she clearly enjoyed it a little.

Still a little flushed, she turned and walked toward the front door. "I'll be waiting in my room for the answers. The test is in two days." She left, closing the door behind her and I sat down heavily on a chair, playing the kiss over and over in my head. 

It was easy enough to steal the test. I just waited a few hours after she left, when it was well past midnight and then headed for the main building where all the core classes were taught. I drifted up to the window of her history lecture hall and passed through the wall toward the desk. I found the test and then took my time leaving. I made my way to her dorm instead of home and once again explored a little before going to her room.

Most of the women were sleeping, but I did see other things. Some were studying, some were doing whatever hobbies they did in their free time like painting or writing. I even saw one having sex with her boyfriend. I paused to watch for a few minutes before moving on. When I finally made it to her room I was hard. Ignoring my hard on, I made my way to Jasmine's bed. She was asleep and I just stood there, watching her sleep. Instead of disturbing her, I set the test on her night stand and left, heading home. 

It was ten days before she came to my house again. This time she wanted me to help her pull a prank on the bitch in her dorm that always had something nasty to say to her because she was jealous. Pranks were fun, so I'd enjoy it to. All I asked for was to see her naked again. She hesitated a bit, but slowly started to strip off her clothes. Decided to keep with my new confident streak, I walked to her and helped her undress. She didn't stop me, just watched my hands. 

When she was completely naked, I took a step back and looked her absolutely gorgeous body from head to toe. Her eyes flickered down to the tent in my pants but she just bit her lip, letting me look as much as I wanted. I then stepped close and kissed her again. Maybe it was the fact that we had already kissed, or that I didn't grab anything, but she let me kiss her, my hands gently touching her face.

Clearly flustered from the kiss, Jasmine quickly got dressed, told me to be in her door that night at eight and made a hasty exit. I may not be her type, but apparently being naked and kissing someone was enough. Smiling, I sat on my couch and took my time pleasuring myself to fresh memories of her naked body, the feel of her soft lips, the taste of her mouth.

The prank turned out to be a little more than I had anticipated. She had me take this girl, Cassandra, out of her room without waking her up and lay her naked in the hall way. I would then cum on her face and pull the fire alarm before she woke up. The result was every woman in the dorm calling her a drunk whore by the next morning. I enjoyed it, because Cassandra was attractive, but I did wonder if she was enough of a bitch to deserve what I did.

There were a couple more exchanges. I took naked pictures of her to scare an ex boyfriend of her's that was telling lies about her around school. I woke him up in the middle of the night, making it look like his letterman jacket was hovering above the bed. While giving him some spiel about being a better person or else, I experimented with my powers. No where near strong enough to rip the jacket in half, I focused on an imaginary line down the middle of the jacket and turned the fibers incorporeal, making it look like it had been ripped in half and then dropped the two halves of the jacket, flying out of his room unseen.

Next, she wanted me to follow her boyfriend around. She had feared that he was cheating on her for a while. This of course seemed hypocritical to me considering what she was willing to do with me having a boyfriend. Deciding to take it up a step I wanted a bit more. I had her strip again and then told her to lay on the bed. She looked a little hesitant when I moved onto the bed, but I guess she was put at ease by the fact my clothes were still on.

I took my time just exploring her body. When my hand curled around her firm, perfect breast, I made a mess of my underwear. At that moment, I didn't even care if it would show on the outside of my pants. I spent a couple minutes touching, squeezing, and kissing her soft breasts. I gently rolled her over and moved down, cupping her plump cheeks in my hand. The heart shape of her ass was very sexy, but that didn't prepare me for the feel of it in my hands, my fingers sinking into the supple flesh. 

It took me a few moments to regain my composure and continue. I rolled her over again and looking up at her gently spread her legs. I feared I may have been pushing it, but she only watched me, not stopping me just yet. My hands moved up to her inner thighs and moved her legs further apart, giving me a full close up look at what all straight men dream about. Not wanting to rush the moment, I kissed her strong, perfectly shaped thighs, working my way north. 

She seemed both hesitant and excited. I could see the moister building up, and feel the tensing in her upper thighs and stomach. Still, refusing to remain a pathetic geek for the rest of my life, I kept going. Looking up into her eyes, I started to kiss her outer lips. Like any shut in with a normal sex drive, I had watched plenty of porn. With a basic knowledge of where everything was and what it all did, I wasn't quite as awkward as when I kissed her.

With my thumbs I spread her lips and looking down at what was before me, I started licking. She tasted just as I had expected and I enjoyed every drop. At first I was just testing the waters, but when she didn't push me away or yell for me to stop, I lowered my face and put all my porn watching and erotica reading to use. My inexperienced tongue moved from teasing her opening to flicking over her clit. Each touch of that little hot spot made her gasp. I was guessing that all my exploring had left her teased and in need.

I focused on her clit for a while, sucking, licking, even rubbing it some, watching her squirm and moan. I was enjoying the control oral sex gave me over her, every little touch making her react more, moan louder. I lowered my hand, sliding two fingers into her tight opening as I continued to suck on her swollen clit. My tongue danced over the sensitive skin in my mouth while my fingers moved deeper inside her. She was moaning, arching off the bed when my fingers found a weird little spot inside her. When I put some pressure on this spot and rubbed it, she let out a loud squeak and clutched at my head as she started to convulse. I kept rubbing and sucking until she begged me to stop. 

Rolling off her, I watched as she panted, a soft sheen of sweat on her beautiful body. The front of my pants were dark from cum stains and I was still rock hard, but I just watched her get up, get dressed and leave. I had to masturbate four times before I had enough relieve to go to sleep.

I spent the next two weeks following her boyfriend around. It was boring because he was the typical college jock. It turns out that when she thought he was cheating on her, he was going to the strip club. I was disappointed and Jasmine was relieved. While it wasn't noble what he was doing, it wasn't cheating either. I went home after telling her and went back to working on my experiment. 
