 I stood in the darkness of the thinning light, focusing to control my breathing as I waited for the inevitable. I only had a few thoughts crossing my mind at that moment, one being the extent of my power. I was a creature of unimaginable magic, possessing abilities most others sought after their whole lives, and on top of that, I was female.

I was acutely aware of the shape of my form and the rise and fall of my breasts.

I was dangerous and I knew it. That was why the bastards had locked me in a circle spell for over two centuries, but they would pay, eventually. First I wanted what I had come here for, salvation from the Aching.

Foremost in my mind was the man I was waiting for, I was unsure if he had survived the two hundred years as I did, but I would soon find out.

My Sight warned me of his approach and that he wasn't alone, I moved further back into the shadows to be sure he wouldn't see me before I wanted him to.

The door opened and the room was momentarily filled with dim light spilling in from the lamps in the hall, accompanied by the smell of Legion lamp oil.

He was preceded by two giggling figures as the three of them stumbled happily into the room. They moved straight for the bed, unsurprisingly. I was tempted to let the little exhibition continue, but it would only serve to intensify the Ache and frustration left by two centuries of imprisonment.

I plunged the room into an atmosphere of total darkness and despair; I sucked all the heat from the air, leaving a rather unpleasant chill and sinister feel. One of the girls gasped, the other let out a small whine and he cursed. As he spoke, time stopped.

I could see the unique sound waves of his voice move towards me, floating across the distance between us. I could anticipate every decibel coming from his mouth; I knew his voice, the very pattern of his soul.

The sound waves found me, hot need and the terrible longing of the Ache pulsed in sync with my heart, I clasped my mouth shut and focused on centring my power. My control over the room snapped and reality came jarring back. The Ache could cause me to unleash all my magic in one singularly destructive explosion of energy.

His voice came in a low whisper. "Girls, I think it's time for you to leave." 

The two prostitutes didn't think twice, they were out of the door before I could unleash any of my other little tricks, I was vaguely disappointed. 

He wouldn't speak again or move until he knew what he was dealing with, now that the Sightless have gone the situation became more menacing. I knew I could have a very entertaining game of cat-and-mouse, but all my focus was upon restraining my power.

"Still as virile as ever, Tertian." I knew the sound of my voice would bring the same familiar connection to him as it had to me and he would immediately know me. I relished as realisation hit and his head snapped up.

"Dear Creator. Serene? Can it be?"

I stepped out of the shadows and back into his life, back into mine.

"It is me, Tertian." Words failed me; the longing in his eyes momentarily froze all thought.

In one fluid motion he was standing before me, I could see his restraint to not touch me, he knew in what state I would be. 

He swallowed, "I tried. I gave everything I had for one hundred and fifty four years, I had to stop. I was..."

I silenced him by placing a finger over his lips. That first contact sent shivers down my spine, his breathing became ragged and the connection strengthened. Our magic slowly started to link. I kept my finger against his soft lips as the colourful flows of energy surrounded us, flowed through us, uniting our power. 

I moved closer to him, I knew what my breath in his neck would do. I leaned in and whispered, "I know. I could feel you there, every second."

He inhaled sharply and folded his arms around me, pressing my body tight against his.

Looking into his green eyes our magic completed the first part of the link; I could feel the Ache move into him, balancing the longing between us. For the first time, the Ache became bearable, just.

He slowly lowered his face to mine, softly pressing a kiss to my lips. 

I inhaled his scent and swayed from the intoxicating energy I was taking into me. We both knew that we had to move slowly; when a Seer and a Sentient came together they could disrupt magical flows for miles or cause any number of random disasters.

His tongue found mine; I pulled him closer, running my hands through his hair, something I had dreamed about doing millions of times.

He pulled away from me panting, "Wait, a shield. I will construct a shield around the room, it will contain anything unleashed or strained." 

"But how would that work?" I asked as he already started flinging strains of magic around the room, "Any shield would be shattered by the flows of the Ache."

He smiled a small smile as he seemed to finish his containment field, "I have learned some staggering stuff while I've been searching for the counter to the circle spell, trust me. This shield won't crack for anything." 

I needed no more information; his voice snared me in magical tendrils of lust, tightening with every word. The shield seemed to remove my need for restraint, enhancing my magic and senses. Each word was now ten times more intoxicating. 

He removed my cloak and immediately set about the buttons on my robes. All caution was now replaced by urgency. I removed his coat while locking my lips onto his; exploring his mouth with my tongue as was previously denied me. His shirt was next and then abruptly I was standing before him in my shift, staring at the familiar contours of his chest.

He hungrily grabbed my bottom, pulling me into him while he ran his hands up and down my back. The feeling of the silk under his hands and against my skin nearly caused me to faint. I inhaled deeply and pulled from my core the strength of my power, releasing the most intimate spell I knew into the mind of the man I had loved for over seven centuries.

The magic sent all the love and emotions accumulated in seven hundred years, rushing through his senses. The magic will continue to run through its protocols until the moment of entire satisfaction. I could see the power dancing in his eyes as he groaned and with the flick of a wrist incinerated my shift, leaving me completely naked. Completely exposed and aching before this unbridled storm of lust. I smiled, finally.

His remaining clothes turned to ash on the floor and he picked me up, crushing his mouth to mine. He lay me down on the bed, placed his hands to either side of my head and smiled his unique smile, with a twinkle in his eye.

"My turn." He said the words against my neck, the rumble of his energy coursing through my chest and settling into the rhythm of my heart. He closed his eyes and bowed his head as he kept his hands to either side of my head.

I felt my eyes slide shut, my mind descended into black tranquillity as I was put into a state of limbo that only a Seer could produce. The only thing I could feel was the Ache, light and lingering next to the core of my power, but it finally had definition, Tertian. I flowed through time and space on the strains of power exuding from the core of my beloved. 

"Open your eyes." The flows of his voice caressed me in a golden glow as I opened my eyes. The room was gone. There was only me and him in another world constructed from the texture of cloud magic. We were floating in the gap between worlds, supported by the power of his magic.

I saw a flow of energy extend from his mind to mine, as it reached me I was overcome by the Ache, the lust and longing for my soul mate; the need to be reunited with my only equal anywhere in the universe. 

He was there, kissing me, running his hands over my thighs, teasingly brushing his fingers over my crotch and sending cords of live lust rushing through my senses. He moved down my body, kissing my flesh with his wet tongue, leaving little puddles of burning need along my skin.

His lips reached the inside of my thighs, causing me to moan, goose bumps appearing everywhere. He lowered his face and nuzzled my pussy with breath enhanced by magic. The magic sent tingling sensations through me, causing the muscles in my lower abdomen to relax, opening myself up for his manipulations. He ran his tongue through my slit and I heard him moan at finally tasting me, he would be able to read my lust and need in my scent.

He found my clit and trickled a thin cord of power around it, trapping it, keeping it exposed to his intentions. He slowly started to lick me, playing with pressure and rubbing his tongue over me in circles. It was almost unbearable.

As my pussy succumbed to his magic, the Ache started rising in me. It pushed up through my core, pushing my power to every part of my body, spreading it through me. He could feel it too and his movements became more focused, more urgent, joining in harmony with the Ache pulsing through my every fibre.

A cold, tingling sensation started to spread out from under his licking, sucking tongue, harnessing my magic into a tight ball. As his pace increased, the ball of magic expanded, collecting energy from the emotions and feelings emanating from my pussy.

I was at the brink, the brink of destruction, understanding and premonition. I felt his magic retract from my clit, but the power he replaced it with kept me in the state of limbo, hovering over the brink of release.

He moved over me, taking me in his arms. Looking into my eyes he plunged himself into the depths of my core. I could see my magic still cascading through his mind as we completed the link between our souls. My back arched as untold erotic magic was unleashed within me. Taking me from the brink and placing me on another, with larger capacity for pleasure.

The ball of magic expanding within my core started to release strains that twined and tangled with the strains flowing from him, we were shrouded in a mist of colourful power. Two opposite powers, joining in one purpose.

He moved faster, moaning with each thrust as my power enhanced his sensations. He was holding onto me as if swept away in a strong current. That current was me and the ball of magic escalating with every passing second.

Suddenly my mind was plunged into the most pure form of ecstasy as my core exploded. My clit was pulsing in time to the rate of magic bursting through and from me. 

And then I was overcome, the strength of the power of his release met mine in midair. It was spectacular. My screams mingled with the crackling sounds of the power originating from our completed link.

We were once again back in the room. He wouldn't have been able to hold on to his cloud magic during the bond completion. Tears were leaking from my eyes as the Ache receded for the first time in two hundred years. I had known that only one man would be able to break the magic of the Ache.

I was panting, but he wasn't breathing. I rolled him onto his back as I touched his face. He would be awake in a few minutes. His mind was busy processing the bond formed and the link re-united. His magic needed more time to settle back into the proper energy lines, as was the way with Seers.

His eyes flicked open and a heart-melting smile settled on his lips. "Wow. I forgot what that was like." He stretched out as he put his arm around me. We didn't need to talk. The link ensured all knowledge was equal between the bond-pair. 

He looked at me with a mischievous expression, he knew what I wanted. Revenge.

The bond had been restored; there was no power anywhere in the universe that could stop us.