 They were panting.

After the intense sexual intercourse that guided both to reach their climax, they cuddled with one another in a tight embrace as if they were to fuse into one.

Gwenvyr exhaled deeply. Having her whole body resting over her husband firm grip, she was still enjoying the receding waves of pleasure that came after they gave everything they got.

Gordon felt the erect touch of Gwenvyr's hard round nipples poking against his chest. Her huge breasts were all over him, squeezing softly while her abdomen was going up and down with the rhythmic motion of her breathing. His hard was still between her ample thighs, stuck inside her wife, with some drops of his white load dripping from her vagina.

The white-bearded man took her by the neck and moved her head closer to him, making her taste his lips with soft sweet kisses around her mouth.

Droplets of sweat were falling down her forehead. Her glasses were all fogged up, but that didn't hinder Gwenvyr's effort to reply to his husband kisses with a more passionate response. She brushed her lips with his, locking him in a swift long kiss till she lost her breath.

Gordon moved her hand along her back, caressing her soft skin, brushing her long blue hair, cherishing the moment, almost tickling her. That feeling made her shiver.

"Hmmm..." She moved her hips, circling around, making his husband's staff twitch inside, teasing him.

"Gosh woman, you never get tired, huh?"

She grinned while licking her upper lip.

"You should know by far that I'm always ready for the next round..."

"Yeah well... Despite it also saddens me to stop it right here... we both have responsibilities in the morning, and we already had fun for a long while now..."

Gwenvyr stretched her lips in a disapproving expression.

"Are you sure...?" She asked at the same time she turned around, putting her butt over her husband's head and placing hers just in front of his still erect penis. She grabbed it with both hands, getting her hands all sticky from the sex juices it was covered after the wild rodeo they had before. "See? You're still hard."

Gwenvyr used her tongue to lick softly on the tip of her husband's, bathing in the strong smell that came from it. Just as she was about to put the staff's head inside her mouth, he asked.

"So... that new girl... What do you think about her?"

She was puzzled by the sudden question.

"Fay...? Where does this come from? Are you trying to open a topic now to distract me, you trickster?"

"I'm just curious. You were pretty straightforward to accept her immediately into the sorcerers."

Gwenvyr stopped teasing Gordon's hard and sat over his chest, facing backward. She leaned her head over her shoulder.

"What did you see on her?" He asked, putting his hands on her waist, caressing.

That was a good question.

"I... I suppose I saw myself on her..." She looked back down to her abdomen. She had a little bush of blue pubic hair with the shape of a heart. "Maybe it sounds dumb, but she looks just like the daughter we never had."

Gordon sat up and embraced her wife from behind. She looked like she needed it.

"You'll always have me, you know?"

Gwenvyr leaned backward, supporting on his husband's tight embrace.

"I know, sweetheart. It's just... things could have been so different if I-"

"Remembering again when we first met?"

"How could I forget...?"

Gwenvyr relied on her husband's embrace with her own arms, feeling his sweet, warm breath on her shoulder.

"A lot of stuff happened that day..."

#

Thirteen years ago...

"Gwen! Gwenvyr!" it was the voice of the Archiver.

Gwenvyr was in the middle of her daily scripture exercises, drawing glyphs in mid-air with her quill. The scribbled magic shattered with bright sparks the moment she was interrupted.

An elder man dressed in a long tunic and a long white beard that almost reached the floor was approaching her in the middle of the practicing grounds.

"Archiver! To what do I owe this honor...?"

He stopped right in front of Gwenvyr and looked up straight into her eyes over the curvature of her breasts.

"No time for your occurrences! I need your skills..."

"Sounds serious-"

"Indeed, come with me." He terminated as the Archiver invited her to walk by his side.

Gwenvyr followed the man across the practicing grounds, and when they finally were alone inside the hall, she asked. "What's the matter, Lord Ayrnst? You look troubled..."

He sighed.

"I'm pretty sure you know Robidna. Am I wrong?"

"Hah! But of course! She's like my ideal model...

"I thought it was more of a rival to you from what I've heard..."

"Yeah, that too-"

"Anyway! Something happened-"

"Oh, my... I thought she was away for a job, is she alright?"

The Archiver lowered his eyes.

"That's what I want you to find out. We haven't heard anything from her since last week and has not reported as scheduled."

"Odd..."

"So I'm sending you to investigate what happened."

"Sure, I'll grab my things and head out right away."

"Thank you, Miss Oxorn. And, of course, report to me immediately as soon as you find anything."

"Will do. Anything I should know before-?"

"Robidna was just doing some routine job, watching out for an unusual growth in activity of the monsters around the farms in Norothea's Reach."

"That's not far."

"Indeed, you should go and ask around. See what you can gather. I will meet you there in the afternoon; have to do some research first."

"Okay."

Gwenvyr headed for her cabinet on the sorcerer's dependencies of the second floor and grabbed her bag, put into it all the things she might need for a short trip and changed her sweat clothes for her traveling outfit. Tight trousers for her legs and a pair of long thigh boots with folds on their top. For her chest, she put on a light blouse that highlighted her big rounded breasts with a deep cleavage. Over the blouse, she dressed in a long tailcoat that fell down her back and alongside the curve of her hips. To complete her outfit, Gwenvyr introduced her hands in a pair of gloves and changed her casual glasses for a more comfortable pair with a thick frame that adjusted correctly to the shape of her head.

"Hmmm... Yeah, I think these will do." Gwenvyr examined herself in the mirror.

She took her red quill and fit it inside the holster she tied on one side of her hip.

"Ready for action." She mumbled to herself. "Now let's go."

She grabbed her shoulder bag and headed for the Library's exit. Once outside she went to the airport and asked there for an airship captain who could take her to her destination.

#

Traveling from Lumnex to Norothea's Reach didn't take long. The most common way to make the trip was by airship, which goes from the city to the closest trading post on the plains. From there, it's just a matter of following the roads to each farm and estate in the vicinity.

From the elevated position aboard the airship, Gwenvyr contemplated the lands below her. She could see the Merandya sky archipelago among the clouds, a large set of small islands floating in the heavens. Lumnex was situated on top of one of the largest, being the farthest western isle of the archipelago. The airship was heading southwest, flying over the farming plains of Norothea, a larger peninsula adjacent to Lumnex. A series of bridges built between the islands connected the city to the closest ridges of Norothea and served as a means of transport and commerce between the regions. After all, Norothea was considered the farmland of Lumnex as it was located inside the city-state's sphere of influence, as well as many of the islands on Merandya.

After a one hour trip, the airship arrived at the trading post airport, which was no more than a tall tower with numerous walkways and nets to drop the ship's anchors, a simple method to secure the vehicle and avoid it drifting away.

The captain ordered to drop the anchor, and soon everyone on board was landing after they opened the hatch to cross the walkway. Gwenvyr walked among the group of people and descended to the base of the tower on the lift.

Once outside the tower, she found herself in a large plaza filled with market stalls. People came and went all around, stopping by the improvised stores, doing their daily groceries, shopping or getting marveled by those merchants who were selling shining trinkets from faraway lands; items that didn't actually have any value but were easy to be sold to townsfolk and farmers who didn't know more of the world.

Gwenvyr left the lousy market behind her and walked along the street in direction to a specific inn she knew about. A place where people with the gift of magic gathered around.

The bell rang announcing her entrance to the inn, where she was welcomed with half-shut eyes from both the bartender and customers. She went to the bar and asked the man on the other side.

"Hi, I'm looking for my partner." She said as she showed her red quill to the man.

"Oh, a librarian then..." The bartender scratched his hair. "I was wondering what kind of business could bring a woman dressed like you to my property."

"My name's Gwenvyr, and I'm looking for a lady called Robidna." She described her sorceress colleague. A thin woman with dark blond hair. "She's very talkative."

The bartender grinned.

"Yeah... I think I remember her... She was here last week, asking for... what was that...? The increase in monster activities... I think, yeah."

"That's all? When was the last time she was around?"

"That was the only time she was here. After that, she departed for the farmlands in the outskirts."

That was odd... If Robidna had planned for a long investigation, she would have stayed in the inn for at least a couple of nights. This meant that something actually happened when checking the rumors.

"Any idea where did she go exactly?"

The bartender tried to remember while cleaning a glass of beer with his apron.

"If I recall well... she went south."

A loud laugh burst among some of the patrons. A laugh that did not go unnoticed by Gwenvyr. She grabbed the bartender by the apron, closing him to her face, staring directly into her shocked eyes.

"Look, if you know something else you better spit it out quickly or else..." She moved her quill with the other hand, tracing glyphs on the wooden surface.

"I don't, I swear! She headed south, beyond the farmlands..."

Gwenvyr maintained her grip for a few seconds, keeping the stare on his eyes, searching for a tick or impulse that could betray his words. The man was about to break a sweat. She finally let him go.

"Thank you for everything." She left some coins on the bar and got out of the inn as swiftly as she had entered, ignoring the band of thugs that stood up when she assaulted the bartender.

One of the thugs moved next to the bartender and checked on him.

"I'm okay."

"Should we do something...?"

"Just send word..."

Gwenvyr started walking, getting far away from the inn with a fast pace, heading south across the village roads.

It was evident that she wasn't going to draw out anything more from the bartender that could be useful without starting a fight. She didn't want to get into trouble, at least not so soon, and she wanted even less to put innocent people in danger. Something smelled really wrong in that inn, the tension, the looks, the words... They were into something, she was convinced of it... But not everyone there could be involved, so she decided to let it go till she had found out more. Maybe it was nothing or even related with Robidna, but she couldn't leave that for fate to decide.

Gwenvyr had walked for a long while before she realized that she was already leaving the village and entering the farmlands. She saw a single big house in the middle of a big field brimmed with growing crops.

A single man was laboring the ground in an area that was free of vegetation. She walked towards him.

"Can I hep you, pal?" He asked with a high Norothean accent.

"Yeah, hi... I'm investigating the recent reports of monster activity in the zone..."

"I thought that woman was doin' that."

"Do you refer to a young blond lady, dressed more or less like me?"

"Yeh, less skimpy tho..."

Gwenvyr tried to see that as a compliment. She wasn't to blame for her big bust or butt.

"Do you happen to know anything about her?"

"Maybe... But what do I gain for tellin' ya?"

Gwenvyr sighed. She shook her hips, making her chest giggle graciously in front of the man.

He stared deeply into her dancing cleavage. Something died on his brain and fell down his body where it grew as something else. The farmer wiggled awkwardly.

"I-I-ah... Hmmm... Yeh... I saw her, as you... and then she just disappeared, pluf."

"What do you mean she just disappeared?"

"Thot you know like her... People disappear when they ask too many questions here."

That was interesting. The whole thing was turning fascinating indeed... If it wasn't for the fact that maybe her colleague was in danger...

"Tell me everything you know about these-"

Gwenvyr felt a disturbance in the auryl currents. Something dangerous was moving closer.

The wind swayed the tall crops. Everything was strangely quiet. She took her quill and prepared herself for an incoming assault.

Without warning, a massive beast appeared from inside the crops, charging them. It was so fast that Gwenvyr could barely drop herself to the ground with a roll, evading the monster in the last second. The farmer wasn't so lucky as his body was dragged over the ground a dozen meters before stopping unconscious on his dead weight.

The beast stopped in his tracks and turned around, preparing for its next onslaught. Its skin was dark and covered with thick scales, it was a two meter long, four-legged animal that looked like a terrible mix between a wild boar and a puma. A haunek, a chaser beast who seeks its prey through the use of auryl.

"Okay handsome, let's see what you're made of..."

The beast roared and stomped the ground with its claws, taunting her, preparing for the moment it would jump forward. Its tusks were glowing with a sinister dark gloom.

Gwenvyr scribbled the air with her quill, spreading golden sparkles on the ground before her. The bright dots combined with each other to form abstract shapes.

The haunek charged forward, seeing its window of opportunity as the woman was distracted with her spell making. The distance was so short that it was over her in a matter of seconds. Its claws would have ravaged her clothes and tore apart her skin, leaving a mortal wound...

That's what would have happened if Gwenvyr was a mere novice, a fair magician with its fooling tricks. But she was not.

"Baron!"

The haunek smashed directly into the magic barrier that Gwenvyr just created before her, making it bounce back with violence, crawling on the ground as it tried to reincorporate itself.

"Arcana Ventegoj!"

The sorceress made a swift movement with her hand from left to right, liberating a series of shining projectiles that elevated in the air just to fall at high speed, directly to the beast.

The first one hit its target directly, the other two just missed and exploded on the ground as the haunek used its quick reflexes to avoid the next ones. The beast let out a groan filled with pain as the scales on its back burnt with steam.

Gwenvyr prepared herself once again. Knowing that the same trick would not work a second time, she rapidly thought of a new strategy to face her foe, now even more dangerous as it was furious.

The beast fixed its eyes on hers.

"That's right... I don't have to kill you... Just..."

The haunek began doing circles around her, taunting, following her movements. She accompanied the dance by moving her feet, keeping the distance. With swift motions of her hand, Gwenvyr traced glyphs and printed them on the ground.

She disposed herself to cast a larger spell to draw its attention. The beast sniffed the air with the auryl scent, realizing the powerful and dangerous siphon that was concentrating a large amount of magic into the woman's hand.

The haunek moved erratically, trying to confound the sorceress, as it went further, speeding up its pace till it finally charged with its tusks ahead. Gwenvyr rolled to one side as she extended her arm towards the beast's flank. She freed the auryl on her hand with a powerful explosion, sending the haunek sky high. It fell directly into one of the traps she made before. The magic glyph triggered with the touch of the beast, liberating a siphoning force that sucked the animal's own corrupted auryl, depriving it of its enhanced senses.

Gwenvyr stood up and let the trap finish its work. The haunek struggled on its feet in vain. She took the chance and moved closer, drawing another glyph in the air, pushing it towards the beast till it settled down gently on its skin.

After that, she moved away to a safer distance. 

When the siphon trap vanished, the haunek stood on its claws, trembling with the effort. The dark gloom had abandoned its body, making it weaker. The beast gave her one last gaze full of remorse and then run away from the farm field.

"Phew, that was close..." She panted.

After recovering her breath, Gwenvyr went over the farmer to check on him. Luckily he had only some minor injuries after being dragged all over the ground. He was still unconscious, though. Uncomfortable with the idea of leaving the poor man there, she used a basic spell of levitation to carry his body to the house door.

As she wasn't specialized in healing magic, she couldn't do much to tend to his wounds, but she cleaned them and put some bandages on the worst ones.

"Watcha doin' with ma hubby?" asked a young woman who just appeared by the door of the house.

She was dressed in the typical long skirt of Norothea's design. She had a shotgun on his arms and tried to aim for her. Gwenvyr raised her hands.

"I'm trying to heal him. He was attacked by a haunek..."

"Oh my gosh, is he ok?"

"He'll be fine, but you should take him to a doctor."

The woman took a deep look at his husband's body.

"Nah, he's seen worse."

"And what were you doin' out there with my hubby? Were you tryin' to benefit from him?"

Gwenvyr shook her head, smiling.

"That's not... I'm looking for my friend, and I was asking him if he had seen her when we were attacked by that beast."

"That happens for askin' questions in this place."

"What's the deal with those disappearances?"

"Oh, did my hubby said somethin' stupid again? 'You shouldn't stick your nose in those matters' It's what I'm always tellin' him-"

"Look, I'm here to help, if you know anything about these things happening in the village, you can tell me."

The woman laughed at her.

"Do you think you can fix everythin' huh? You're just like that other woman..."

"So you've seen her."

The farmer woman shut her lips in disgust.

"Will you tell me where she is?"

The woman looked away.

"I-I can't... There are ears everywhere... I don't want any more trouble here."

With those words the woman brought and end to their conversation and proceeded to tend to his husband, carrying him inside and closing the door behind her.

Something was definitely going on around the village, and Gwenvyr was going to find out what it was. She took out a little object with the size of a pocket watch and looked deeply into it. Concentric circles of auryl light indicated the distance between her current position and a small dot of light that was moving fast. The tracker glyph she had put on the haunek during the fight would help her find where it came from.

She was counting on the creature to get back to its lair after she hurt him and deprived him of its hunting skills. As far as she knew by the registry books from the Library, which always were pretty specific, hauneks were mostly used for tracking and hunting. It felt just right to think that it could lead her to those who let it loose.
