 She was comfortably lying on her bed. Silence reigned in her room, the only light came from the moonbeams that entered through the window.

Some kind of fog was spreading through the air and made it impossible to see the floor. The ceiling was an amalgam of dark abstract shapes that were constantly changing form.

It wasn't the first time she had a dream like that but there was something different in this one...

She was afraid.

She watched the windows opening slowly. A dark blurring mist was slipping through the opening and covering the shrinking light, leaving the entire the room in complete darkness at intervals.

When the windows were completely open, she could see two points of light in the middle of the dark mist. They were like two eyes made of white light, rippling in the dark.

The mist took a more familiar shape around the two light dots. Something that looked humanoid but was swaying with every wave of wind. It was like it was trying to find its true form but couldn't reach it.

The dark figure extended what looked like an arm towards her, pointing at her body.

"I have found you," said the shadow with a deep, sinister voice. The entire space resonated with the words spoken, embracing her body in every direction and making her feeling smaller.

The shadow then expanded and extended its touch to all corners of the room, not letting a single beam of light entering the chamber and leaving her alone in the dark void.

She could feel the dark mist closing around her, minute by minute getting closer to her body, till she finally tasted the cold graze of the shadow. In that moment it spread quickly throughout her entire body, sending waves of both pleasure and coolness, one after another.

It was cool and refreshing but also made her moan when it reached under her panties, which she felt already soaking wet.

She took her hands down there in an instinct, grabbing her crotch firmly, trying to contain her impulse to gave herself the pleasure she was looking for. But it was in vain, the darkness found its way into her weak spot, making her moan intensely.

She couldn't resist it anymore and abandon herself to the pleasure, biting her lips and letting the ecstasy of the moment invade her mind...

 # # # #