 In the world of Civero, there are three major continents. On the two large continents, human civilization dominates, many post-industrial nations bring the convenience and power of technology to the masses, where only the rare mage or psychic is usually the only evidence of any supernatural goings on. But then, there is the Forbidden Continent, an island-continent where the ancient monsters of legend still walk, and where tribes of demihumans, human/monster hybrid races, live in savage conditions. Any humans who live there are considered forever lost to ordinary civilization.

The only officially recognized presence of humans in this area of the world are a handful of scientific and military outposts, based on several islands around the Forbidden Continent's coastal waters. From these outposts, scientists can conduct studies on the flora and fauna of the continent, and hold tenuous communication with the few Sapient demihuman tribes. However, military forces are also employed to ensure no monsters or bestial demihumans start migrating to other parts of the world.

Despite its savagery, however, the Forbidden Continent can hold some appeal to humans who perhaps wish to live away from normal civilization. It is estimated that in actually, as many as 100,000 people may live within the continent, having traveled there for various reasons. Some may be exiles from human society, rogue psychics or mages, or even mundane criminals whose crimes forced them to flee to uncivilized lands lest they face imprisonment or even execution. Some may be people simply seeking escape from the world. Others may be scientists or military originally stationed at the outposts, but drawn by whatever fantastic elements of the continent allure them. Some may even be slaves sold via black market arrangements to demihumans or rivals of criminal lords tossed onto the continent as a death sentence. Whatever the reason, despite, or perhaps because, of its name, the Forbidden Continent can draw people of all types. Whether they're stay is all they expect it be, is another matter entirely.

CHAPTER ONE

With a shove, Mike was able to dislodge the door to the helicopter, and stumble out of the wreckage. He took a few deep breaths, and managed to steady himself, before standing up to survey the damage.

He winced. The small, two-person copter's tail rotor had suddenly gone out, and Mike, the only one on, had barely managed to keep the thing from slamming into a cliff face. Instead, he'd gotten the vehicle to crash into some trees, before falling straight down onto the floor of the forest. The copter was thoroughly trashed now, absolutely useless. Even the radio was smashed, having been jammed inward by a branch that Mike realized had narrowly missed skewering him through the ribs. Mike realized almost with a start how insanely lucky he was. Aside from a few bumps and scrapes, he had come out okay.

What concerned him, now, however, was that he was now 100 miles inland of the Forbidden Continent, in the middle of a forest, by himself, with no transportation. Mike had been trained for wilderness survival, and with the emergency supply pack in the copter, he was certain that, had this been a forest on any other continent, he'd be perfectly fine. But on this side of the world? This was the land where savage demihumans and the descendants of ancient monsters dwelled.

Fortunately, it seemed that even in such a fantastic land, civilization still existed. Pockets of humanity were not officially recognized, but did exist on this land, as did a few races of Sapient demihumans, who built their own tribal societies here.

Mike had actually been on a deep scouting mission, to help study and map terrain further inland. On his return, he had caught glimpses of a village which, to his knowledge, had not yet been charted. Checking that he had enough fuel left, he started heading towards it in the hopes of getting a few pictures and marking its location on their maps. Eventually, they might be able to send a few emissaries out to it to make contact, and see what they might be able to learn.

Then, his tail rotor went out. He still wasn't sure how that had happened. An electrical short? Had something hit it? Either way, he guessed he was maybe five miles from the village, and he had maybe two hours of daylight left. His helicopter would provide no protection, and with the radio smashed, he couldn't communicate with the outpost. His only real choice was to try and make it to the village he'd seen and hope the natives were friendly. He did know some basics of a few demihuman languages, and if he was lucky, the tribe would speak one of them. He pulled out the emergency supply pack and canteen, made sure his knife and gun were still on his person, and set off.

Once he got his bearings, Mike started headed north by northeast, straight towards where he'd seen the village. The way took him through some dense forest, the ground slightly damp from a recent rain, but otherwise, the terrain seemed fairly flat at traversable.

He'd been walking for about twenty minutes when his foot got snagged on something, and suddenly, he found himself flipping upside down and being yanked upwards. He flailed a bit, then reached for his knife, and yanked it out, just as a huge form came towards him. Mike suppressed a scream as he saw what appeared to be an enormous spider, with the upper body a woman where its head should be, walking towards him, upside down along the branches.

The spider-woman halted just before him, her body lining up with his, and her face nearly eyelevel with his. She eyes were solid crimson, and two very pronounced fangs curved down from her upper jaw, over her lips like some kind of vampire. She had her arms crossed as she regarded him.

"Well, well," she said in English, with a sort of clicking accent. "Not often a fresh piece of meat just stumbles right into my trap." She leaned forward a bit and sniffed at him. "Fully human, too, huh? And yet, not like those others over there."

Mike wasn't sure what that meant, but as she took a step closer, he swung at her with his knife, holding it underhanded. The spider-woman jerked back with unnatural speed, then swatted the knife out of his hand. "Feisty," she said. She bared her teeth, and her fangs glinted. "No time for talk." She lunged at him like a snake, and Mike flinched.

The sound of a gun went off, and Mike heard a choked gasp at the same time as a splattering sound. He opened his eyes to see the spider-woman was now missing part of her head. Miraculously, no blood seemed to have gotten on Mike himself. The spider woman fell to the ground, dropping fifty feet and hitting with a sickening crunch.

"You alright up there?"

Mike looked down, and to his surprised, saw a woman looking up at him, a revolver in her hand. She was dressed in boots, jeans, a rawhide jacket, and a wide brimmed hat, looking every bit a cowgirl. Mike had to admit, the clothes were probably much better suited for the environment than his tee-shirt, slacks, and sneakers. He opened his mouth to speak, but then felt a bit faint, as the blood rushing to his head got to him. He held out his hand in a thumbs up.

He tried to pull himself up by his leg, until he grasped the silky cord which had snagged his leg. To his surprise, it wasn't sticky, rather the silk formed a series of loops around his foot. He managed to grab some branches and haul himself onto them, unbind his foot, and climb his way down.

"Whew, thanks a lot," said Mike. "You just saved my life."

"Yeah, I know," said the woman. He was looking at him with either curiosity, caution, or a mixture there of, Mike couldn't tell which.

"I'm Mike, I'm a scientist from one of the outposts. Who are you?"

The woman shook her head a bit, as if to clear it from a daze, "Sorry, I'm Jane." The two shook hands. "I'm guessing that's your helicopter in the woods back there?"

"Yeah," said Mike. "I dunno what happened. I was flying and it just went out." He looked her over. He noticed how snugly her clothes fit her curves. He looked back up, and noticed how pretty her face was, lightly tanned with green eyes, framed by light brown, wavy hair. "So," he said. "What are you doing out here? Are you exploring the area?"

"No," she said. "I, uh, I was hunting."

"Hunting?" said Mike. He glanced towards the village. "I was heading towards a village. Are you from there?"

Jane gave him a hard look. "We should get going. It'll probably take us about five days to reach the coast if no one comes to get you." She bent down and picked up Mike's knife where it had fallen and handed it to him. She started walking.

"Wait, there's the village," said Mike. "We'd best see if we can make it there before nightfall first."

"No," she said. She stopped and turned, beckoning him. "Come along. That village is a very dangerous place."

"Really? You know the people there?"

"I know of them, yes."

"What are they like?"

"They are dangerous."

"In what sense?"

"Why do you need to know?" Jane started walking again. "I can guide you to the shore. Just come with me."

"I'm going to need a little more explanation than 'because I said so,' miss," said Mike.

Jane stopped and sighed. She then walked right up to Mike, put a hand on his shoulder, and looked intently at him. Mike was a little taken aback by the sudden, unexpected nearness. If he'd been so inclined, he could have embraced her. As she stepped up to him, Mike's nose twitched as a slight musky odor touched his nostrils. It was almost imperceptible, but he swore it smelled a bit like sweat and skin and a little something else, something he couldn't quite put his finger on. Before he could discern it, Jane interrupted his train of thought by speaking very firmly to him.

"They are a village of cannibals," she said. "I know that probably sounds crazy, but it's true. They usually eat demihumans, but the last time I went there, I barely escaped with my life. So, please, just trust me. You do not want to go there." She gave Mike's shoulder a slight squeeze, and stared right into his eyes.

Mike opened his mouth, then closed it, not sure how to respond. He wrestled with whether or not to believe the woman. He looked right back into Jane's eyes, and he felt that they were sincere. He also thought they were very striking and beautiful, now that he saw them up close. He nodded and said, "Alright."

Jane smiled, and let him go. "Alright. Good. Let's get going. We should try to get at least a few miles away from here. The crash no doubt attracted more than just that spider-woman." Jane motioned to the dead demihuman.

Mike jumped, having almost completely forgotten about her. He side stepped the body as he followed Jane. As he got in step behind her, he caught a whiff of that scent again, and determined it must be coming from Jane herself. Mike wondered when the last time she had showered was, and if maybe that explained the scent. Couldn't have been too long ago, because she certainly didn't smell bad, and didn't look dirty either. Just that odd odor. Still, it was light enough, and Mike didn't mind it. Eventually, the scent seemed to fade; he assumed he had gotten used to it, and forgot about it.

CHAPTER TWO

Jane was not much of a talker, it turned out. Over the next two days, she had guided Mike through the woods without saying much, answering his questions with short, clipped responses, or not at all. She asked him no questions, save to check if he needed a break every now and then. By the end off each day, Mike was too tired to talk much anyway. At first, Mike began to wonder if she might be leading him to a trap, but so far, nothing had happened to him. In fact, nothing at all had happened. They had not encountered any monsters, be they creatures or demihumans, of any sort. By the second night, Mike was thoroughly exhausted, but he felt confident that he was going to make it out of here.

"Listen," he said, pulling out a piece of hardtack, and offering her some. "I really can't thank you enough. You really have saved my life."

Jane declined the food, and instead pulled out some jerky, which she kept wrapped in a wax paper sleeve in her pocket. "I was really, really hoping they'd send someone to look for you by now."

"Well, at the rate we're going, we might even make shore in just another day and half," said Mike.

"Don't jinx it," was he got in response. Mike felt his eyes droop a bit as he watched the fire. He knew he should do his best to stay alert, but the seeming lack of danger had a bad way of lulling him into a false sense of security. And then, he noticed the smell again. Jane was sitting a few feet to his left on the same large rock he was leaning against. She watched the fire, paying him no mind, glancing about now and then, perhaps checking for danger. Mike knew he should held her look, but the scent coming off her seemed to draw him in.

It was stronger now, and the gentle breeze carried it right to him. As he unconsciously raised his head a bit, breathing it deeply through his nostrils, his eyes trailed up Jane's body to her face. His breath caught. She really was very pretty, and in the firelight, her features seemed to take on an exotic, almost romantic quality. Without even realizing he was doing it, Mike found himself reaching up to her, and touching her leg.

Jane glanced down at him, almost jumping at the touch. Mike paused, his fingertips still touching her leg, his eyes looking at her pretty face. Jane looked at his face, then his fingers, then looked at his face again. She jumped off the rock and moved to the other side of the fire. Mike shook his head, and realized he felt a little dazed. He also realized he had an erection. He shifted his pack to cover the bulge in his pants, and cleared his throat. "I, uh, sorry," he said.

Jane looked at him for a few moments, her face unreadable before saying, "It's alright."

"You're, um, you're quite beautiful," said Mike.

"Thank you." The way she said it seemed a little awkward.

Mike thought that perhaps she had trouble accepting the compliment. "I mean it," he said.

"I know you do." Jane looked away from him, scanning the surrounding area again.

Mike swallowed. His erection was being very stubborn, and he kept his gaze on her. Despite this, she did not look directly at him again. This irritated him a bit. He was getting tired of the cold shoulder routine, but he wasn't sure what to say to her do get her attention. She seemed to be making a point to stay mysterious. If he didn't know any better, he's say she seemed to trust him less than he trusted her. But then, why was she almost hell bent on getting him to shore? If she thought he was a threat, there was nothing stopping her from shooting him in the head. Anyone who went into the continent was considered practically as good as dead by the nations of Civero anyway, so it's not like she would have to own up to such an action.

He had already asked about her past, how she got to the continent, how long she'd been there. So far, all he'd learned was, she'd come to the continent a few years ago, and stuck around because she couldn't handle life back in human civilization. She wasn't a very good liar, however, and Mike could tell she was hiding something, even without such vague answers. He had kept pressing her, and she finally mentioned getting into trouble, but wouldn't explain what it was. He'd let it drop after that. It occurred to him that perhaps she had committed some kind of crime, and for some reason, got exiled to the continent as a punishment. Maybe she thought, if she rescued him, it would somehow help clear her name, or grant her a pardon, or something. Still, she didn't seem like a criminal, either. Cold as she was acting, there was no real cruelty to her. At least, not that he could see. But then, maybe he was too distracted by the fact that she was attractive.

Tonight though, he didn't want to stop talking to her. The more he looked at her, the more captivated he became, and he found himself wanting to catch another whiff of that scent coming off her. It seemed to nag at him the more he tried to put it out of his mind. He'd never smelled anything like it.

He shifted over a bit, as he noticed to wind shift so that he was downwind of her. It struck him as silly, but he really wanted to catch that scent again. He sniffed at the air a bit as the breeze wafted over him, and he thought he caught one or two hints. Suddenly a crazy idea came to him, and before he could stop himself, he blurted it out.

"I think we should sleep together," he said. Jane glanced at him again. "Wait, that came out wrong. I mean, we should sleep next to each other. For warmth."

"You've got the blanket in your pack," she said.

"Er, well, yeah, but, I mean, you don't have one."

"I have a jacket."

"Well, yeah, but..." Having already committed himself, Mike struggled to find a way to make the idea a reality.

"I'm afraid you'll have to tough it out." Jane stood and started walking away from the fire.

"Hey, wait, I'm sorry," said Mike. "Don't be offended, I just meant."

"I know what you meant," said Jane. She said it plainly, with neither accusation or degradation, which eased some of Mike's worry. "Just stay there, and keep quiet. I'm going to use the bathroom."

Mike's eyebrows raised. Jane disappeared behind a bush, and Mike tried very hard not to think about her slipping her pants off. Mike opened his canteen, took a swig of cool water. His erection pulsed beneath his pack, and he pressed the flat of his palm against himself. His eyes closed slightly as he almost unconsciously started masturbating, rhythmically pressing himself through his slacks. He let out a soft sigh, and before he knew it, he found himself nearing climax. It felt good, but part of his mind panicked just in time, reminding him that he probably didn't want to spend the next two or three days with a huge cum stain in his slacks. Mike forced himself to stop and opened his eyes.

He nearly jumped out of his skin. Jane was standing there, her mouth slightly open, staring at him. She had an odd look in her eye. He could only guess she'd been watching him for at least a minute. Mike felt a flush of embarrassment, which died halfway up as he kept looking in her eyes. There was a strange, almost hungry look to her expression. Suddenly, her eyes focused on his and she blinked. She closed her lips and snapped her head to the right, looking away from him.

Mike found his voice again. "Jeez, don't sneak up on a guy like that," he said, trying to sound more amused than spooked.

Jane swallowed hard, and said, "Sorry." The breeze picked up behind her again, and wafted towards Mike. He suddenly got a strong noseful of that scent. It snaked up his nostrils and seemed to clean within. For a moment, he felt heady, and then, a strong sensation of arousal seemed to flood him. His erection, temporarily spooked into shrinking slight, immediately throbbed to full mast.

"Oh," said Mike breathlessly. He started to get up, and walk around the fire to Jane, whose features seemed to positively glow in the firelight. Jane jerked back when he reached for her, and in a flash, her gun was in her hand, and pressed against the bottom of Mike's chin. This immediately sobered Mike up. Mostly.

"Keep your fucking hands to yourself," said Jane. However, her voice wavered a bit, and she said the words without as much conviction as it sounded like she intended. 

Mike backed away, hands up. "Okay, okay, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry." He felt like an idiot. He wanted to smack himself. In fact, he did just that, smacking the sides of his face a bit and shaking his head as if to ward off some mental fogginess. "Jesus, I don't know what came over me. I guess it's just been a while since I did anything, and you're just so pretty, and I was just sitting there and—"
