 I'd like to thank Ann Nthusiastically for her hard work editing this chapter.

*

When the woman from the boarding school arrived, Jason could not help himself but spy on the 'private' conversation the woman was having with his mother. There was something off about that woman, it sent chills down his spine the way she looked at both him and his mother, but he didn't dare tell his mother about it, she already was at wits' end with him, and it was completely his fault.

He wasn't a trouble-maker, he didn't get into fights or bully people, and in fact he was rather quiet and an introverted person. He in fact avoided most people and spent most of his time in his room. He was already 18, and he hadn't made any friends and lost the few he had in middle school.

Jason wasn't built for a fight even if he wanted to, he was 5'8½" tall, and skinny as a plank, with mouse brown hair that was perpetually untidy. He didn't have much muscle to speak of, though he was extremely quick when he wanted to be. He had dark brown eyes and a decently angular face that implied he could be handsome, if he got out of the hell that was the teenage years. He had only one large part, and he did his best to hide it well with baggy clothes.

But that was his problem, he was too introverted, too nervous around people, especially around the opposite sex. He spent too much time in his room with his door locked, and his grades were constantly at the point of almost failing. His mother knew he was a smart boy, in middle school he was at the top of the class, extroverted and an altogether happy child. She was afraid of what was happening to her son.

His mother wasn't stupid, she knew what boys did behind close-doors, but Jason was afraid of how she would react to why he shut himself off. He had a cursed dick. It sounded silly, but it was the only explanation. No matter what he did, it wouldn't go down. Oh he'd tried masturbation before, oh did he, and he would reach his happy ending, over and over, but it would almost never go down. He once went a marathon of more than ten times, and it didn't even show signs of slowing.

Some days he could get relief if by some miracle it went down on its own, or he concentrated really hard on thinking about the least sexy things his mind could come up with, but those days were rare. And what was worse, when he was hard, it was a constant distraction, like a fly constantly buzzing around, interrupting his ability to think. He found his actual libido didn't feel connected to the readiness of his cock, though his libido worried him more. When he was legitimately horny however, it was a whole different ball game, his mind couldn't think of anything but release, honing in on his target or targets of lust like a missile. It scared him, he felt one step closer to becoming a rapist.

He didn't want to disappoint his mother, she was all alone raising him, and he loved her dearly. But it was so easy to set him off; school was a nightmare: a too small skirt, dress cut too low, a slight jiggle, plump lips, hell, even some of the girls voices. What was absolutely the worst was how he could smell them, and oh, how it made him shake. So he avoided people, accepted the name calling caused by his anti-social behavior and hid when he could. To be honest, he was at his own wits' end as well.

He wanted to go to a doctor, get this sorted out, but that would involve his mom, and worse money. Money had always been a major problem in their household, doctor visits rare and only for emergencies. If something was seriously wrong with him, and he was sure that there was, there was no way to pay the cost. He hated to admit it, but the fear of actual confirmation that he was a freak by a professional was always in his mind.

His mother had always told him, get good grades, get a scholarship, and go to college, and he was failing her. His mother not knowing what was wrong, and his own reluctance to tell her put plenty of tension in the house. He knew she loved him, but there was no way he could tell her.

Then the news came.

"Someone is coming over tomorrow to talk about your future."

Jason stopped eating what little cereal he had left, and turned to pay attention to his mother for the first time since he had been up. "Umm..., what?" was the most intelligible response he could give.

After a long pause, she continued, her voice calm and speaking matter-of-factly, "I've been searching around and I found information about a school that can help you, I hope. I called and talked to them over the phone and they agreed to send a representative to see if you meet their criteria for acceptance."

Jason's mind had a hard time catching up to the situation as he stammered another question, hoping for his mind to click. "What criteria...? What school?"

"Lustrum Academy for Troubled Youth," she stated, her voice still staying calm.

It finally clicked in his head. "Wait mom-"he started in protest, but was quickly cut off as his mother raised her voice, her eyes almost on the verge of tears.

"I don't know what to do, Jason! Your grades are falling, your teachers say you don't talk to anyone and despite all my attempts to get you to open up, to find out what's wrong, you push me away! I can't take it anymore, Jason!"

Again silence filled the air for nearly ten minutes. Jason had nothing to say, nothing he could say, it was all true and she was just as lost as he was. So he remained silent, his head down as he fought to stay calm.

"The lady, a Miss Pallaca, will see you tomorrow about your possible attendance at her boarding school."

"Mom," Jason said quietly, "Boarding school is expensive."

Calmly she stated, "If you meet the criteria, they are willing to help provide funding. They claim to have done it before and we are really lucky for this opportunity. Tomorrow she will come, we will all be on our best behavior and we will prove to her that you are worth having at her school." And that was that.

So here she was, Miss Pallaca, promptly on time the next day at his door. The woman was somewhere around 5'6 to 5'7" and she wore a blue and white striped business dress with a white button-up shirt underneath. She wore high heels with grace that showed off her long shapely legs, the dress not doing a damn thing to hide the curves of her large and heart shaped rear. The woman had plenty of assets, not just her shapely rear but an incredible sized bust that Jason could swore grew bigger every time he looked, his constant activities on the web searching for relief giving him an estimate of around F cup, maybe a G. Plenty of buttons were left undone to provide enough cleavage that threatened to show her bra. Her face was beautiful, stern, and mature, her lips were full and painted black with lipstick. Glasses adorned her face and black hair was pulled into a tight neat bun.

The sight made his dick strain against his pants, he could almost feel his loins burning. This woman was a literal wet dream and Jason fought against his overwhelming urge to at the very least jack himself off to her image. Yet something unnerved him. First, the woman was nowhere near modest with her attire. It wasn't to porn star level, but it was dangerously close to Halloween costume level for a naughty businesswoman. It felt odd for an interview with a potential student and his family. Second, when her brown eyes looked at him, it sent a small chill in his spine, as if she was looking at a piece of meat. He almost could swear she wet her lips as soon as she saw him.

Jason's mother didn't seem to find the same things wrong as he did and invited Miss Pallaca inside, trying to be gracious and polite as possible.

"Thank you, Miss Sopio," Miss Pallaca voice was alluring and naturally seductive as she accepted the tea handed her by Jason's mother. "You didn't have to prepare anything, I am grateful for your welcome."

"Don't worry about it," his mother smiled, "after all, this is about my son's future. I see no reason not to extend as much hospitality as I can to the person that will help decide my son's fate."

She smiled and looked at his mother. Jason could not see her eyes but that chilling feeling returned in his spine. "I'm sure your son will be a perfect fit, no need to worry. I just had to meet him myself to confirm, that is all. Really you don't have to go to any trouble."

His mother again gave a bright smile in response. "Well, that's a relief, should I go get him, or do you want to talk to him privately?"

Placing her tea cup back down on its saucer, the woman stood up from her seat and slowly moved toward his mother. "There's no need, I can go get him myself in a minute. First I must give my thanks for your wonderful tea and letting me into your home."

Seeing the woman slowly approaching, Jason's mother took a step back in confusion. She tried to continue the tone of their original conversation, but the actions of the woman and feeling the tone shift caused Jason's mother's voice to have hints of worry. "Y-you already thanked me, and you are the one helping my son, there's really no need to..."

"Oh my dear." Reaching her target, the woman took the young mother's hand and brushed it against his mother's cheek, reaching behind and placing her hand on the back of the mother's head. "I insist I must," her voice thick with desire.

Jason remembered the next moments in slow motion, as his mother was pulled forward into a forceful kiss. Jason's mother resisted for the first couple of seconds, but soon was returning the kiss with equal if not greater vigor, both her hands reaching forward to grasp the woman's head to lock it to her lips as the mother's eyes rolled back. Jason could only watch, stunned by the scene before him, his cock nearly ripping his pants with how excited it got as he watched his mother furiously make-out with a stranger, and the stranger was being passive. He knew it was wrong, that this scene was wrong, but he couldn't stop watching. Jason could see liquid drip down her legs after a couple of moments when his mother started to spasm, her face blushing bright red as his mother became clearly sweaty.

Miss Pallaca held on for a good minute while his mother shook before finally letting go, his mother slumping to the floor, eyes rolled up and still twitching. The woman brought a finger to her lips as she spoke in an obvious fake apology. "Oops, sorry. I have a hard time holding back. If it is any consolation, you tasted delicious. Pleasant dreams." Her attention then turned to Jason in his hiding place. "Come on out, I know you've been watching, naughty boy." Her smile turned devilish.

Reluctantly Jason walked into the room. He eyed anything and everything that could be a weapon. This woman had just done something to his mother, he needed to get his mother out of here. But again, his cursed member made it hard to think, thoughts of the woman before him invading his mind, what he could do with her ass, with her lips. He shook his head as he fought them, trying to keep his mind on reality and the possible danger to him and his mother. "What did you do to her?" He meant it to be angry, or at least calm, but only fearful came out.

"Oh, she's merely unconscious. Having the best orgasm of one's life tends to do that. Why, anxious for a kiss yourself?" She smiled with her perfect lips, his cock twitched in response diverting his thoughts again. "Hmmm, your lower half seems excited enough."

"N-no thanks," he managed to squeak out, blatantly lying about his desire, relief on hearing his mother was ok strengthening his will. Still, as long as the woman was there, he was in danger of something, he just knew it.

The woman walked forward, slowly, sensually with wiggling hips and confidently. "Now, Now. Be honest with yourself. I prefer honest boys. I have to test you anyway to see if you're compatible for our prestigious school. What a more perfect way of testing than tasting you for myself." Miss Pallaca's grin widened as she could visibly see the strain in his pants.

"G-get back!" Jason grabbing a lamp brought it forward like a weapon to deter the woman before him.

Miss Pallaca placed a finger on the lamp pointed at her, moving it to the side. "There's no need for that," she said matter-of-factly. He found he had no strength to stop her from continuing to move forward to take his lamp from him, placing it back down. Her smell permeated the air, to him smelling oh so good. His pants grew a small stain of wetness as pre-cum oozed from his impossibly easy to excite member.

She gently pushed him against a wall, pressing her body against him as her face stood inches from his. Her enormous bust squished against his chest, as his member pulsed as it was trapped between their bodies. "See, there's no need to put up a fight. I can be quite gentle." With that she leaned forward and pressed her lips to his, her hands on his chest and on the back of his head.

Immediately his body felt like it was on fire as pleasure coursed through him stemming from her lips. His fears burned away as his nerves tingled with the intense sensation. It was enough to make him climax in his pants on the spot. Her surprisingly long tongue invaded his mouth and he instinctively returned the favor, wrestling with her tongue, tasting her. Jason could only describe the flavor as impossibly sweet and addicting, though no other flavor in his life currently matched, all he knew was he couldn't get enough. He wanted this kiss, his first real kiss to last forever. He was desperate for it, to the point when she pulled back lightly, he pressed forward as he worried she would break the kiss and end the pleasure, losing that intoxicating flavor. Air didn't matter, only the kiss did.

Whether it was by mercy or just the need to keep him conscious for what was coming next, Miss Pallaca did decide to pull away from the kiss, using surprising strength to keep him from immediately locking lips again. Jason gasped for air while his mind recovered from the assault on his senses, his legs shaking and threatening to give out if not for the wall to his back and the soft body in front of him.

Miss Pallaca's tongue sensually licked across both the top and bottom of her lips and she made a soft moan. "You taste divine!" She brought her tongue against his neck and licked up to his ear to whisper, "we can do much with you, that's a very good sign."

Jason was just utterly stunned and confused. 'What the hell is going on!?' his brain screamed. Did she poison him with her lipstick? Was she a monster? Did he get transported to a porno dimension? His brain couldn't make sense of the situation. It told him to knock her off and run, run as fast as he could, take his mother and run. But he couldn't find the will.

He wanted to be here, oh so badly! His body screamed over his brain, this could be his first and only chance to find the relief from the tension. Miss Pallaca's every action, from the way she pressed herself against him to the way she talked, to even the way she tilted her head, ignited his lust for her. His penis was winning over reason, and he felt nothing but shame.

Miss Pallaca, as if sensing his resignation, smiled with triumph as her hand lightly touched his calf till it slid up slowly to his waist and her hand slowly slid into his pants. "That's it, let it happen, there's no need to fight back. I know why you hide in your room and make your mother worry." Jason's eyes widened as he heard her words and felt her hand grasp his rod, the mess not bothering the woman in the slightest. "It's because of this, isn't it? It's because of its needs." Her voice lingered on the last word as her hand in his pants started to stroke slowly. His member was beyond rock hard, he never went even slightly soft during the entire exchange.

"It doesn't want to you to masturbate, it wants real relief, and it wants a real woman. It demands a real woman!" Her own words seemed to excite her as her other hand started undoing his zipper and button. "You can't concentrate on anything, it won't let you. Not on school, not anything besides sex. I'm right, aren't I?" All Jason could do was nod as he felt his pants fall to the floor.

"You're afraid of yourself, afraid to indulge, to give in and satisfy yourself with someone. You're not alone." Jason's head almost jerked with surprise. She continued as she made him kick off his pants and remove his shirt. "Everyone at Lustrum is the same as you, suffers the same condition as you. It was made to help you, satisfy you so you can actually think, actually function, have an actual life. Your mother may push you toward this, but it has to be your decision."

Jason looked to her as she stopped slowly jerking him off, her hand remaining at his base. "I can stop right here, you know. Stop right here and you never see me again. Your mother will forget about ever hearing of Lustrum and you can stay here, unsatisfied, alone, and unable to think, till you break like everyone else who refused the offer."

Her hand left his member and moved to her business suit, the soiled hand unbuttoning her shirt further till she had a full cleavage, both hands moving to pull the material out of the way to reveal her breasts and the fact there was no bra underneath. Her orbs were massive, perfectly shaped, hanging enough to prove their authenticity, yet oh so full and wonderful. Small pink areola decorated each breast with an obviously erect nipple for each, proportionately sized. Jason's mouth watered at the sight and he gave an audible gulp to clear his throat. She took his hand and brought it to her soft flesh, his hand immediately began kneading, the woman moaning with delight.

"Say yes, and all doors will be open to you. You'll get a life, a chance to make your mother proud, a chance to be free and satisfy your needs. I will satisfy you. Pleasure and success lay before you, all you have to do is say 'yes'."

Was it really a choice? Jason wanted to say he thought long, but to him, the choice was obvious. Go back to the way things were, back to secrecy and failure. Or say yes to the woman that promised him a future, and with a simple kiss sent him to nirvana. He wished he could have said he took an hour, that he took ten minutes. It only took one, with a voice barely above a whisper. "Yes."

She smiled and Jason could swear he saw her eyes glow for a brief second. "Good boy. That's good news, because I've had a taste, and now I want a meal." She then turned and for the first time got a good look at his cock. Jason was by no measure small, he was quite large, and thick. 10 inches was enough to make many men jealous, the fact it was so thick that he couldn't grasp all the way around it made it that much worse. Jason often attributed his difficulty thinking to how much blood the thing must take from his brain when hard. His balls were no laughing matter either, proportional to his huge size.

Jason expected the first time he showed himself to a girl, they would freak or say it was too big and get scared. In his fantasies the woman would swoon over his size and love him for it. He never expected her reaction. "It seems we are dealing with an already sizable catch. I can't wait to see the final product." A smile spread on her face.

She then bent over, her face hovering before his member as her hand returned to stroking it, pre-cum dripping freely from its tip. She seemed to sniff and sigh, lolling her head back with a face plastered in pleasure. "Ooh, that's a good smell." Her eyes opened as she stared up at him, promising what was coming next. "I would love to take your virginity, but sadly you're not ready for me just yet, you'll need a bit more experience so I can go truly wild. You're just going to have to settle for my mouth." Her tongue ran across his base and balls to his tip, before her mouth enveloped him.
