 I'd like to thank Ann Nthusiastically for her hard work editing this chapter.

*

The following weeks were almost a blur to Jason. Life seemed to move too fast for him as he anticipated the day he would start his time at Lustrum. His mother seemed to remember the interview entirely differently than he did, none of the crazy events he remembered when he woke the next day on his bed to find his mother happily making breakfast. She spoke proudly of him and said the interview went swimmingly and that he was easily accepted as a student. In fact, his tuition was going to be entirely paid!

It made Jason question if what happened was a dream as the events seemed too fantastical, too crazy, that his sex ridden mind made up all of it. It made him wonder if his condition was worsening, that he was going crazy and he needed a psychiatrist on top of everything. But it seemed he had a physical reminder of the events.

For nearly the whole week, Jason could actually concentrate, actually think! His libido didn't flair up as it always did to ruin the day, his cock stayed soft and satisfied. He felt release, had relief, his temperament improved, and he found himself more open to talk when he didn't have to constantly adjust his pants or avoid anything remotely sexy. His mother noticed his change of humor at the very least and obviously took it as a good sign, as she became more cheerful. The two were able to joke again after the longest time. Jason kept his version of what happened a secret, not wanting to spoil the mood in the least, and for the first time in the longest time he was happy

Sadly it didn't last as the following week, his libido returned along with his curse with a vengeance. It felt so much worse to hold back and hide, now that he knew. He knew what a velvet mouth could do to his organ, the excitement of a kiss, the feeling of breasts in his palm teasing him like phantoms. It was no longer just a fantasy, even if the events had been a fevered dream, it felt so real.

It also had made him see his mother in a sexual light for the first time. His libido had spared him from visions of her, but the image of her kissing Miss Pallaca was firmly lodged in his brain, the look on her face as she had an orgasm that knocked her unconscious. He had never thought of her as a sexual being before, the woman sharing his mouse brown hair, age obviously starting to catch-up to the youthful image of her he had had in his mind since he was a child. He began to notice her actual figure, a slender but feminine build, not that much in the bust, but the curves of her toned ass tempted his touch. In the darkest part of his mind, he wanted to replicate that face she'd had lying on the floor, this time done by his own hand.

He pushed and fought the thoughts away. She was his mother, that was sick and wrong, the idea made his stomach turn, yet he couldn't help wanting it. He returned to his old ways, hiding in his room, trying to find some relief or do anything else to keep his mind off his dick. Miss Pallaca invaded his mind and he found his most frequent fantasies, and his most satisfying centered on her.

His mind would trace her full lavish curves from his memory and replay the scenes, inventing new ones in his attempt to satisfy himself. He imagined himself ravaging her instead of the other way around, fucking her in every way he learned from watching porno, painting her body with his cum, claiming her as his. He could almost feel her breath on his skin, the touch of her lips, and returning to that world of absolute pleasure.

These fantasies were able to exhaust him and actually make him go semi-limp, but they weren't enough. She had been right, masturbation had never been enough for him, and it wasn't going to start now. So he waited and held back. He would hold on till he reached this school, and confront Miss Pallaca about to what exactly he agreed. Worry and excitement filled his every waking moment till the day it was time to take the bus to his new home at the boarding school.

Lustrum was far outside the city's limits; it was at least a several hour drive toward the school on empty roads and farmlands. The school apparently was providing its own bus to take the students. It was a rather large if unassuming thing. Grey on its outside with very little in terms of logos besides 'Lustrum Academy for Troubled Youth' in large letters.

His mother had helped him pack his suitcases, full of things she claimed he was going to need, though he doubted along with plenty of clothes, even though the school promised it was going to provide its own for its dress code, and they loaded them on the bus as she gave him tearful goodbyes.

"Don't forget to call me if anything is wrong."

"It's all right, mom, I'll be fine," 'I hope' he worried.

"Make me proud, I know you can," kissing him on the cheek. Then he was on the bus.

The bus wasn't empty as he stepped past the driver, there being only one other occupant. She looked roughly his age, long and straight hair flowing just past her shoulder blades. Her hair was a light brown and when he caught her eyes he could see she had a dazzling set of baby blues. What really made him gulp was that the girl was gorgeous in his eyes. A slightly rounded face but free from acne that plagued many of the people he knew his age and younger. She had a runner's build, a bit toned and with strong legs that were long and smooth, not overly muscular by any sense of the word, but enough to show she took care of herself and she took pride in it. She had wider set hips and kind looking lips, which was enough to alert his cock.

What really drew his attention was that the girl wasn't lacking in the front department. Large orbs contained by tight fitting clothes forced his eyes to latch on to the sitting girl. They weren't as big as Miss Pallaca's, but these were nothing to laugh at, Jason's best guess was at least DD if not E. She looked up and smiled at him from the front row of seats in the bus. She wore a tight fitting black t-shirt and tiny shorts that showed off her legs and calves.

Best Jason could manage was a wary smile back as he walked past her and sat alone near the back bathroom that was attached to the bus. There was nowhere to hide on a bus, but Jason stuck to old habits, staying away from people. The girl was dangerous enough as he felt the temptation that plagued him all his life just to take her. He sat down and adjusted his pants.

He needed to remain guarded he told himself as he went to his phone to mess with apps getting his mind off the gorgeous girl sitting in the front, probably giving him weird looks for his behavior. He told himself he wouldn't have been a very good conversationalist any, making excuses to avoid human contact.

The girl didn't seem to mind his odd behavior and sat quietly in the front as the bus drove off and through the day, picking up no other passengers. It was just the same, it wasn't exactly the beginning of school, though it was two months after the normal start for when his transfer took place. He wasn't even really expecting any company on his ride.

His cock twitched and demanded attention, refusing to go down even as he struggled to keep his eyes from wandering up to the front of the bus. He was so engrossed in keeping his concentration that he didn't notice after two hours they had left the city, or that she had moved and was now sitting in the seat across from him.

"Sooo, how's it going?"

Jason nearly jumped from his seat and quickly turned to face the source. The girl gave a small chuckle and a warm smile. "You were staring pretty intensely at your phone. Waiting for a text from your girlfriend?"

"Umm, no, j-just trying to keep myself busy." Jason could smell her shampoo from here, his frightening senses again made him smell the wonderful sweet scent of strawberry in the air. His hands moved as discretely as he could manage to his lap to hide his perpetual erection. From this angle he couldn't help but see the full curvature of her breasts and they jutted out like hills from her body.

"Oh really. My name is Katie by the way."

"Jason," he replied curtly.

There was a short pause, "So, what brings you to Lustrum?"

"Umm..." 'I can't stop masturbating all day and I can't think because I'm constantly hard' was a terrible answer. "I rather not talk about it."

"Oh, all right," she paused. She fiddled with her hair for a bit before asking another question. "Umm, have you seen any new movies lately? I'm sorry, I'm terrible at small talk. I just need something to do to pass the time."

"I-it's all right," Jason prayed to himself she would leave. The awkwardness of the situation didn't stop his libido from activating in the slightest. Sooner she got bored, the sooner she left and he could try to get himself back under control.

A few more moments passed, the girl letting out a sigh and getting up. "I'm sorry for bothering you," she said exasperatedly and took a step forward to head back toward the front, the bus shaking almost at the exact time hitting a large bump in the road, lifting the her an inch in the air, not much but enough to set her off balance and about to fall.

Jason, without thinking caught her, surprising himself with his speed. "Are you all right?" he asked. (Notice the repetition. Want to rephrase?)

She turned to him, her face bright red and she gave a nervous smile. "Yes, I'm all right ... could you umm...?"

He then noticed his left hand had grabbed hold of something incredibly soft and warm, yet full and strangely familiar. While his other arm had caught her by the waist, his left hand had caught her breast. It gave an experimental squeeze as his brain was slow to catch up on what his eyes were seeing. A gasp burst from Katie.

Jason knew he should stand her up, that he should let go and apologize profusely. His hand defied him instead giving another experimental squeeze, eliciting another gasp and a moan from the breast's owner. The scene was like from a bad porno or an anime, any second now she was going to slap him or yell at him. But she remained in his arms, and his hand refused to budge. No, that was an excuse, he wanted to hold on, he loved the feel of her flesh even with layers of cloth (or clothes) in between, he was just a failure as a person for being unable to let go, instead indulging himself. Katie's moans didn't help his willpower to stop and stand her up, they encouraged him forward, even though he knew it was wrong.

Katie turned and looked up to Jason as they stood frozen in this position. Jason expected anger, or even fear of him for being a molester, but there was none of that on her face. It was flushed, her breathing heavy, a look of longing was in her eyes.

A second bump again forced the situation to change, this time it was Jason who lost his balance, the second bump worse than the first. It threatened both him and the girl in his arms so he over-corrected ending up falling backwards into one of the seats in the bus, her ass in his lap.

He landed with an oomph and felt the girl's weight on him. He couldn't see her ass before, but he could certainly feel it now, it was wonderfully well toned. It felt like heaven against his lap and was just as tempting to squeeze as the breast that was still in his hand. If she didn't scream at him before, she wasn't going to do it now. As much perverted joy as he felt from his rod being pressed onto her ass, there was no way she would not feel it. Jason steeled himself, ready for the cops to be called, her to tell the bus driver to stop, the end of his life.

He finally let go, fear beating back desire as his hand moved off her breast. "I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean- I-I shouldn't have-," his stammered words not forming properly.

Then a hand grasped his wrist lightly, stopping his retreat, and pulled it back to her chest. Her ass wiggled slowly against him till his member was trapped against her own sex, his pants and her shorts the only things preventing his shaft from pressing against her heat.

"...Don't stop," Katie's voice whispered just barely audible It was unsure of itself, but the slow grind of her ass against him made her intent clear.

Jason's eyes went wide with surprise as she turned her head so that their eyes could meet. Her voice cracked with uncertainty but also dripped with need as she pleaded with him. "Y-you're just like me, right? That's why you're going to Lustrum. Y-you need this just as much as me. Please, I need it."

Jason couldn't argue, his own desire was off the charts, he wanted her so badly. She was begging him to give it to her, that alone triggered his fantasies and his self-control was no more as his lust drove him into a frenzied state. The rest of the world disappeared save for the two of them. It didn't matter if they were on a bus, he was determined to take her here and now.

His hand started to knead her breast in earnest, eliciting excited moans from his target and causing her to grind harder against him. His other hand in a bold move traveled to her waist and dove into her shorts as his hand felt a woman's sex for the first time. He was sure his hand was going to be clumsy, but he had spent a lot of time looking how to please a woman, and he used every bit of knowledge he knew while he explored her with his fingers.

She was unbelievably wet, that fact driving him further. It started to stain her shorts and his own pants, not that they were not already developing a stain from the sheer amount of pre-cum that was leaking from his dick. Her whimpers and murmurs drove him further, himself letting out his own groans and grunts.

Eventually, and a lot sooner than he expected, Katie came from his fingers, her body began to spasm against him as the finger he used to explore her soft folds felt a vicelike grip upon them. She didn't slow down to rest however; her orgasm seemed to give her strength and more urgency. She turned around to face him, her hand pulling her shirt off and her hands wrestling with her bra till it clicked, her breasts were released for his viewing pleasure and his mouth found its way to one of her nipples. Her breasts had light brown areola with large nipples for him to enjoy. She squealed as he nibbled upon her.

She then brought his head away from her nipples to her lips to taste her strawberry chap-stick. Again his body burned with pleasure, though nowhere near as intensely as it did when he had kissed Miss Pallaca. Katie was hardly as skilled at kissing as his only other comparison but he found himself enjoy this kiss more. The pleasure wasn't overwhelming him, he felt in control, and it didn't feel as one sided. Katie's moans into his mouth proved his point, and excited him further at the same time. Katie's flavor was just as addicting as well, he could tell the difference. He knew the pleasure and the flavor couldn't be a natural phenomenon, though he had little no frame of reference, he just didn't care.

Katie broke the kiss panting. "Wow, that was amazing! You can do that kiss thing too!" her eyes lighting up with excitement. "I'm going to have to find a reason to steal a kiss from you every day! God, that's addicting!" Jason stared at her confused but was prevented from answering as she got off of him and started tugging at his pants. "I've got to see this pole you've been packing first though, god, that felt huge against me. I need to see this for myself!"

She pulled down his pants, his cock springing free and dripping pre-cum before her, its size looked daunting. "Oh god, that's big," she whispered in near awe. "I've never seen this one this big!" Both her hands grasped onto the shaft, aiming it towards her. "I need two hands just to wrap around it, you could split a girl in half with this! God, it makes me wet!"

Jason was about to reply, but the words were soon lost to him as her tongue began to lick his shaft and head. Her soft tongue traced against his head and lapped up the near steady drip of pre-cum. She gave a small laugh of excitement as she greedily tasted more. "So good, tastes so good!" She spoke more to herself than to Jason, her words excited yet quiet under her breath. It wasn't just her tongue against his rod, but her hot breath tickled him and excited him as she breathed heavily in almost a frenzy to keep up with his ever-dripping cock.

Finally, her mouth engulfed his lower head as his upper rolled back and groaned as pleasure once again lit his nerves. Just like with Miss Pallaca, the effect was more intense when the majority was concentrated on his sensitive member and flowed outward to the rest of his body. Even though it wasn't the same towering force that plowed through his will like tissue paper, it still was unbelievable. Katie wasn't as good at sucking his cock either, but she easily made up in enthusiasm.

While Miss Pallaca was methodical and slow, pulling him forward into her utter control with ease, Katie sucked like his cock was mana from heaven. She didn't bother trying to hide the loud slurping sounds she made as she was nearly wringing his cock out with her mouth, her hand helping in the process. Her other hand was busy furiously fingering herself in her shorts; the stain was obvious and was starting to drip down her legs. Jason could smell her musk in the air as she moaned on his cock and it made his mouth water. She tried desperately to deep throat him, to get more of him into her mouth, but she could barely get more than half due to his sheer size and length.

He couldn't last long under such an assault, not that he wanted to, he couldn't even deny even an extra second of delay to give this girl her reward. He exploded into her mouth, surprising her with his immense virility as cum pumped into her mouth faster she could swallow. Instantly upon tasting his cum, she shook violently with an intense orgasm, the floor under her getting sprayed with her fluids as they pushed through her fabric. She sucked more intensely than ever before despite the rest of her body struggling to stay upright. His cum escaped her mouth and flowed down her chin as it dripped upon her breasts. Jason's vision blurred with white as ecstasy flowed through him, and in that state, he could swear that Katie's eyes seemed to literally glow with delight.

He came impossibly long, though eventually it had to end, and he slumped in his seat as exhaustion hit him despite his minimal activity. Katie's own orgasm eventually beat her intense desire to continue to suck and she collapsed on his lap, her mouth still attached to his cock as she rested with him, twitching occasionally.

Jason didn't know how much time they spent like that, near motionless, resting with his pants off and a girl attached to his penis equally covered in his and her own fluids as much as sweat. It felt amazing, and it was something he missed when he was knocked unconscious by his first sexual encounter, the feeling of full satisfaction. He could still feel the pleasure pulse through his body as her mouth was still attached, if lazily licking unconsciously his dick as it seemed that was a passive effect of her mouth, but the satisfaction overrode it, at least little.

His satisfaction ended as soon as Katie began to start up her sucking again. Even though he was mentally satisfied, it seemed his cock wasn't, as it was still rigid while her mouth cleaned any mess remaining from his dick. After Katie seemed to determine that it was in fact thoroughly clean, she finally left his cock to the cold air with an audible pop as she began to scrape any cum on her body and place it either in her mouth or rubbed it into her skin, particularly her breasts.

Jason could not help but watch this sight, his libido returning with every motion, with every strand of his cum that entered her mouth followed by a shiver of her body and a jiggle of her breasts. She finished and looked at him with near reverence and awe, as if he was a god and her savior. "I've never come by sucking someone's cock before. I always found it strangely tasty, but yours, yours is on a whole different level. I could suck on that for years and never get tired of that taste." She shivered in delight. "And your cum, god your cum was even better! You could sell that as like a drug or something. I thought your kiss rocked my world, but that was better than making out with Miss Pallaca!" Her eyes stared at his cock, primal need showing through her blue eyes.
