 I'd like to thank Ann Nthusiastically for her hard work editing this chapter

*

The bus ride keep going as the two covered in sweat and sexual fluids recovered. Despite being on the receiving end of such rough treatment, Katie was the first to stir, letting out a happy sigh.

She patted Jason's cock lightly. "Good boy," she praised, before getting up on shaky legs to collect her clothes. Jason lazily watched from the floor. It was almost comical how she held onto the seat rests with a practically drunken stagger toward the bus's restroom, giggling with every misstep. Her face had a grin plastered on it that reminded him of his mother when she became heavily intoxicated. Of course, mom's face never had strands of his cum across it as Katie's did.

Jason himself slowly sat up, the euphoria gradually fading. Now that his cock was satisfied, the pleasure starting to subside, he could think again! He came to the realization, sex was messy. Now that he thought about it, it felt a little gross to be lying in a mix of his own fluid. The amount was far more than he had ever produced before. He had never researched it, was a human being supposed to be able to cum this much?

Even with his ever-hard cock, previously it would have taken several sessions to make this much, and that included breaks so he wouldn't rub his dick raw. Yet his rod felt fine and flaccid, his balls wonderfully empty. He wanted to wipe himself off as his brain continued to examine the situation with no impedance from his sex drive.

He'd never thought of himself as such an aggressive person, but he had pounded Katie with everything he had. Even though he'd had a constant fear of raping someone when his sex drive acted up, that was all it was, a fear. He hid, he dodged, and he escaped. Was this was what he was like when he was set loose?

Try as he might, he couldn't feel guilty about his treatment of Katie, even though his upbringing told him he should. Katie had enjoyed every minute of it, even begged for more. He felt, well, pride, more confident than ever before. He supposed any man would feel this way after satisfying such a sexy girl, it didn't stop him from having the biggest shit-eating grin.

He was glad they were alone on the bus, though they had been rather loud. "Alone..." Jason's eyes widened. "The bus driver! Shit!" he cursed. There was no way the man hadn't heard everything. Jason looked to the front, apprehensively. The man sat there, minding his own business as he drove the bus. From Jason's perspective, he had never moved in his seat. 'Had he watched the whole thing?' Jason got to his feet slowly, eyeing the front.

Jason didn't noticed his assailant till the dry towel hit him in the back, making him jump.

"What you looking at?" Katie teased from behind.

Jason turned to look. To him, Katie was even more beautiful than before. She wore the same shirt, her hair tidied up back to before, and hell, the only real difference was she was wearing new shorts. (Though that was understandable due to the mess she made out of her previous pair.) It was how her skin looked so flushed, so healthy. Jason couldn't explain it, but Katie looked just a little bit more alive. The swell of her large breasts stretched her shirt wonderfully, her shorts clinging to her hips and round ass.

As he stared at her, Jason could feel his cock wanting to come back to life but it was ultimately a futile effort on its part, Jason thankful for that. He drank in her image until Katie gave a fake cough which broke him from his daze.

"As much as I wouldn't mind another go," she admitted, "I think it's going to take me a bit longer to feel my lower region for once thanks to you. Besides, I don't have any more clean clothes on me, the rest are packed in my luggage, on the side of the bus."

"N-no, I didn't mean to- I mean I wouldn't-," his newfound confidence was thrown almost completely out the window as soon as she spoke. No amount of sex was going to cure zero social skills, Jason thought.

Katie interrupted, "Wouldn't what? Fuck me again? It wasn't good for you?" She gave a pout, placing a finger on her mouth, her chest pointed out slightly as she spoke in a disappointed sad tone.

It was such an obvious trap that a kindergartener could have seen it coming. Jason fell for it anyway. "I-I didn't say that! Sex with you was amazing! I would fuck you again in a heartbeat!" Jason couldn't stop himself from nearly shouting the last part, forcing him to back track. "I-I mean, when you're ready. A-and willing..."

"Awwwwwwww," Katie hugged him tightly, forgetting about the drying mess on his naked body. Jason stiffened in her grasp as his blush brightened and his cock twitched at the touch of her breasts against his chest. "That's so sweet of you to say! I was only teasing, you dork. You're lucky you're so cute, and you've got such a big dick." Katie let go, and looked down at herself, seeing some of the cum transfer and groaned at her mistake. "Seems I'm a bit of a dork myself. You better get cleaned up and dressed. Don't know how close we are to our stop, but we've got to be getting there. At least I hope so."

Jason forced himself to relax. "Yeah, guess I should." Bending over to pick up the towel, a question popped up in his mind. "You carry spare towels with you as well?"

Katie replied, "Yes, but that one was from the bathroom. It's surprisingly well stocked, for a bus bathroom."

"I see." Jason walked over and paused to continue. "So you carry extra clothes with you...?"

Katie hesitated to answer, before blushing herself. "Yes, I can be rather messy, when I'm horny if you haven't noticed. I get horny a lot."

Jason couldn't understand why she was embarrassed to talk about it now, he didn't understand why he was embarrassed, when the two had fucked like rabbits. Maybe it was just awkwardness of two strangers after sex, or maybe no matter the situation some things were just awkward to talk about. Either way, Jason moved on to clean himself.

He didn't have any extra clothes with him; almost all his things were in his luggage save for his small bag full of mostly food and his cheap music player. He began to think it would be a good idea though as he put back on his pants, the wet stain from Katie's fluid felt cold, even if Jason got a bit of pleasure seeing it and placing on his pants, also noticing the drying stain his precum had left on his boxers. He did his best with the bus's bathroom supplies, which was indeed well stocked, using some stain remover. It was beyond odd that a bus's bathroom would have these supplies, but from what little he had gleamed about their destination, it seemed less odd in context.

When he exited the bathroom, he was greeted with a smile by his partner in messy crime, and he nervously sat down with her in the back of the bus. He couldn't help but stare up front, and at the mess on the floor wondering if he should clean that up.

He turned to Katie who gave him a questioning look . "The bus driver, he had to have at least heard everything," he spoke quietly with a bit of a nervous edge in his voice.

"You're right." Katie turned her head as the implication hit her, too. She spoke slightly fast, speeding up as she went along. "That guy has been weird the whole trip, he spoke even less then you when I tried to talk to him, and wouldn't even look at me. That creepy guy must have at least peeked. Wanta make-out?"

"That is creepy, so many things about this school have gotten me worr- wait what?" Jason blinked incredulously. "I... I thought you said you weren't ready for another go?" Jason's brain felt like her question had jammed its cogs, forcing it to stop.

Katie's blush deepened, "I'm not, even I have limits." Jason could tell Katie was embarrassed even with his novice social skills, her eyes almost refusing to meet his gaze. "I told you before, I'm terrible at small talk. But kissing isn't sex...," she added the last part in a quieter voice. "Besides you taste good."

That triggered Jason's libido, even exhaustion and satisfaction could not keep it from lusting after the beautiful girl next to him. It wasn't the raging inferno he was used to, but he could feel the need return, knocking at the door of his mind, his cock almost twitching with each imaginary knock.

Still, reason beat out. "Aren't you at least curious to what Lustrum actually is? I can't find any information about the school, and Miss Pallaca, she knocked out my mom and me, just by kissing us!"

"But you said yes," Katie leaned toward his face, her eyes staring directly into his.

He could smell the results of their earlier efforts in the air still, combined with her new fresh scent. It made him anxious, and with his returning libido battered against his will.

She continued, "No, I don't care. I don't care if the place is fishy, or that Miss Pallaca's mouth is better than Ecstasy and LSD combined. I don't care I know little to nothing about this school. We could be going to the mouth of hell for all I care. I know all I need to know, that it will be better than where I came from. I was told it was a place I didn't have to hold back, a place where I can finally be free and be myself, a place where I can finally actually be satisfied from sex instead of constantly getting more horny and more desperate. Anywhere is better than where I was, and if you said yes, then that must be true for you as well."

Jason wanted to argue, that the things he saw couldn't be natural, that everything he learned about the school made him nervous, and what he didn't know was worse. But she was right, he had said yes, because deep down, he wanted out of his former life, out from hiding in his room and hiding from people. He said nothing as he looked at her. Angry at himself, and the truth burned, but he didn't do anything, couldn't do anything.

"Kiss me," was all he needed to hear.

Again he surprised himself and Katie with the ferocity of his kiss, his tongue snuck into her mouth to wrestle with hers, resulting in a squeal of delight from his recipient. Katie seemed to enjoy being dominated, and Jason couldn't help but oblige her. One hand held her to his mouth as the other groped her breast through her shirt. He loved how his hand sank into her soft flesh, how it was big enough to be plenty more than a handful. He wasn't hard yet, still his libido drove him forward.

Again pleasure coursed from her lips into him, now making him certain of its unnatural nature. Was she here just to stop him from questioning his trip? To keep him horny and busy fucking? Paranoid thoughts were not enough to make him stop, instead driving him more.

Katie herself was ecstatic with his treatment, letting him do whatever he wanted, touch her wherever he desired. She moaned and urged him on, the lack of air only stopped their kiss for a moment before she returned his affection. Jason, though skinny and not her typical image of sex appeal, was everything she ever wanted in a sexual partner, a dominating force that could make her come over and over, make her thoroughly his. His kiss sent equal unnatural pleasure through her body and Katie knew, his cum was even better.

It was clear to them both, soon they would lose control and start all over again making another mess. Jason could feel his cock reviving and Katie could feel her fire smoldering again. It didn't matter that less than an hour ago, they were spent and more satisfied than they had ever been in their entire lives. All that mattered were their growing needs and what was necessary for satisfaction. Jason's hand dove under her shirt and bra but then the two were jolted by the sudden stop of the bus.

They looked around and indeed the bus had stopped moving. The bus driver spoke for the first time, calling from the front in a flat monotone, "We're here. Lustrum Academy for Troubled Youth. Last stop, all passengers get out." It was enough to break their sexual mood, even though both were panting and bright red.

The two awkwardly gathered their things and headed off, avoiding the mess on the floor. As Jason exited the bus, he scanned the bus driver who sat in his chair, unmoving, uncaring, and didn't bother to give the boy a glance. Jason shivered and walked off, facing the school that would be his new home.

They seemed to be in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by trees making clear this was a heavily forested area. Jason cursed himself for not paying more attention to the road and how he had gotten here. The only defining features were the narrow road the bus sat on, and the campus gate before him.

It was twilight as the sun was past its zenith, hiding behind the tree lines, coloring the area with a bit of summer shadow. The gate was tall, black, and made of iron. And utterly useless. There was a small wall to which the gates attached and which held them up, but it didn't extend outward to form a proper wall at all, only going as far as the first tree, not very far at all. The gate basically spanned the gravel road that led into the school, roughly 20 feet, give or take, and nothing else. At best, it prevented vehicles from entry, as the trees were a bit too close together to drive through. But on foot, walking around the gate wasn't even a minor inconvenience. Jason had been imagining at worst a prison-like setting, and the seeming isolation fit that, but if anyone wanted to walk away, there seemed to be no hinderance.

Through the gate he could see several buildings, white in nature, but rather bland. The central building was at least three stories tall with plenty of windows, certainly large with several off-shooting sections, but nothing unusual screamed out about the building to him. It looked like a school, though perhaps a bit smaller than his public school. The other two buildings were, at best, audaciously colored, one baby blue and the other a soft pink. The pink building was much larger than the blue one, also three stories high, and the structure reminded him of an apartment complex with several balconies littering its sides. The blue one was similar, though only a one story building, otherwise identical in design and shape.

The campus itself seemed plenty large, built into a clearing several yards away from the wall. Jason could see people milling about, though they were just ants in his long distance vision, no details besides mostly feminine figures. They all seemed to be wearing similar clothes, based on just the color, but that was all he could see.

By the time he helped Katie unload her stuff from the side panel of the bus, someone had walked to the gate, opening it to greet them.

"All right, more delicious newbies to add to our school's rank." The woman that stood at the gate was incredibly short, standing barely 5 feet, on her tiptoes. She had an incredibly youthful appearance that made the outfit she wore look more like a mid-teen playing dress up, but her voice sounded far more mature than her body along with far more developed curves upon her form. She wore a dark blue business dress and an incredibly short skirt that even from his height Jason could tell it just barely covered her lower region, black stockings covering her legs as she stood in slightly heeled red shoes.

It seemed the business suit was a bit too big as it hung a little loosely off her, which it made it all the more apparent she was wearing nothing underneath to cover her chest. The suit coat closed just under her breasts, the orbs somehow partially covered to hide the nipples, possibly with double-sided tape, but showed plenty of cleavage. They were not as big as Miss Pallaca's, or even Katie's, in fact they were just about a handful for Jason, though his hands were larger than most. They were however perfectly perky, round, and tantalizing. Although Jason preferred them larger, his recent interactions giving him plenty to fantasize about, he found hers plenty appealing as the woman's provocative style made his dick start to wake from its slumber.

Her blonde hair was neck length and parted in a bob cut to reveal innocent looking blue eyes and a near cherry red mouth which was all the more apparent as she licked her lips when she greeted Jason. "Mister Sopio, welcome to Lustrum Academy. It's always good to see more boys on campus. There are never enough cocks here for the girls to cream themselves on. I hope you're ready for the challenge."

Jason was taken aback by her greeting. Either the woman didn't notice or didn't seem to care. "And Miss Skeehc, welcome as well." She seemed to sniff the air before continuing. "It seems you already have had a taste of our new stud over here. I must admit, that makes me a bit jealous, I like to get the taste of a new cock first, especially if what my sister said was true. I love popping cherries inside of me. Ah well, to the winner goes the sperm." Every single word the woman spoke was sultry in some fashion; it seemed natural to her like breathing. She was the same as Miss Pallaca in that regard, though it sounded so odd coming from a woman of her stature with such an innocent face.

Katie blushed with apprehension and embarrassment. "How do you know that?"

The woman gave a small knowing smile. "At least you don't deny it, too many come here and still try to hide from themselves. Some still do. I can smell it on you." Seeing the worried look in Katie's eyes as she tried to smell herself, the woman waved her hand down with a reassuring voice, "Don't worry, it smells wonderful, sure to attract some girls to your pussy for a taste." Katie was not reassured.

"Wait, Miss Pallaca is your sister?" his mind focused in on that bit of info, purposefully ignoring the blatant sexual talk to something he could at least deal with at the moment. While his cock was willing to pay attention (almost standing at attention by this point) he himself was nowhere near prepared for today.

"Yes, can't you tell? We look so much alike, though I think I got the better deal on the ass." She turned around and slapped her rear with an audible smack, trailing her hand upward slowly, lifting up her skirt due to friction, revealing the woman indeed had a very well rounded and tight ass for a brief second. Jason couldn't help but stare till she turned back around.

Jason shook his head, trying to make sense of the situation.

"Anyway, my name is Vice Principle Mentula, but you can call me Tula. Unless calling me Miss Mentula or VP Tula floats your boat. Mommy is another name I don't mind if it revs your engine. I would like to officially welcome you two to our Academy. I like to call it paradise, personally. Here, you may fuck whenever, wherever, and whomever you like. As long as it doesn't interfere with schoolwork and classes of course .We can't having you come to our special school and failing. That would make us look bad to the school board."

Jason couldn't believe the words he was hearing. "You're saying... that this place is..."

Tula nodded with a smile. "A fuck utopia. A fucktopia." She laughed at her own little lame joke. "You two were given the option to come here because just like everyone else on this campus, you two are horny. And not just horny, you two crave sexual satisfaction well beyond what normal people are capable of feeling. Your grades suffered, your social capabilities suffered, your family suffered, you suffered. Left alone, people like you tend to go two routes: either you take the easy way out, or you end up on the news."

Jason felt so utterly dumbfounded. He just couldn't wrap his brain around the situation. "So... this is a school where anyone can have sex with anyone else whenever and wherever they want to..."

"Yup, save for interrupting class, or if you continue to fail in school work. Then we have to give you a talk, got to keep you motivated to do well. Oh yeah, no rape, but that's hardly an issue here, even the teachers are horny and ready to fuck; everyone is dead sexy as hell, at least in my opinion."
