 NEW EDIT: I'd like to thank Ann Nthusiastically for her hard work editing this chapter

Jason woke hearing rapping at his door, alone, and surprisingly very clean. He groggily rolled in his bed, rubbing his hair. The rapping was rhythmic to a tune he didn't know, and sounded very impatient.

"I'll be there in a minute," he yelled from his bedroom as he tried to collect his thoughts, his brain slowly remembering the crazy events that transpired the day before. It had been a fantastic ride, losing his virginity, and then fucking vigorously again with the same girl all in one day.

He looked around for Katie, finding no one in bed with him, but did see her suitcase opened and ruffled through on the floor. A brief search outside the bedroom showed no signs of life save for the possible person waiting outside his front door. Wherever Katie was, she would be back for her clothes, he hoped as he slid out of bed buck-naked.

Again he was surprised with the lack of mess he found on the floor. His seemingly newfound ability of a cum hose had sprayed them, the bed and the floor last night, with Katie contributing plenty of girl spunk. The room didn't even smell of their tryst; it smelled clean, it looked clean. 'Did Katie clean up our mess?' he wondered. 'If she did, she was a wonder-maid.' He kind of felt guilty for failing to contribute to the cleaning of the titanic puddles; he would have to make it up to her.

He turned and regarded the clean sheets he'd slept upon, marveling at the skill it must have taken to remove and replace the sheets with him still on the bed. By then the rapping started up again, coaxing another yell out of Jason. Whoever was at the front door was persistent.

The clothes he wore yesterday were missing, but thankfully the clothes in his luggage were not and the rush the noise outside brought him to didn't give him time to think about that. He slapped on a pair of sweatpants, noting how easy it was to actually put pants on without his usual giant boner, making him smile for a second then hurrying toward the door. Pants would be enough.

He opened the door. Before him stood a sun blonde girl in the middle of her next rhythmic knock. She had a beach tan to her skin as the morning chill entered Jason's room through the door. Her hair was short and tomboyish, though her form was anything but, and she smiled confidently and brightly at him, her blue eyes ecstatic with joy at the sight of him. She, like all the girls at the school, was drop dead gorgeous, with more of a Latina complexion. Overall the girl seemed incredibly energetic, far too energetic for him who was not a morning person.

She lightly hopped up and down. "Good Morning! And welcome to your first day at school!" Her voice was chipper, grating on his morning mood. It didn't stop his eyes from following the movements of her breasts. He couldn't help himself, especially given how she was dressed. Unlike the other girls here who seemed to wear a uniform, though a simple one, this girl was wearing nothing but a bright white string bikini that basically didn't cover anything. Her chest was large, as it appeared was the standard, below Katie's range he figured, but still plenty full with a wonderful shape and added tanned skin to make it a bit more exotic, with no tan lines. He could see clearly her small pink areolae; the see-through tiny triangles were useless as her nipples jutted thick as a pencil erasers.

Her body was smooth and thin, her hips giving a decent curve with a nice ass concealed by nothing as her clean-shaven pussy made a camel toe with the tiny fabric covering her nether lips. Sandals topped off the random swimwear along with an odd addition, a studded collar around her neck, though it seemed to fit the beauty. She continued, as if she was cheering him on, "As a welcoming gift, I'm here to give you a morning blowjob!" She smiled, pleased with herself.

Jason did the sensible thing in his opinion. He closed the door, yawned, and started back to his bed. The rapping returned in earnest as the girl cried from outside the door, "Wait! I have other stuff to tell you! I'll get in trouble if I don't!"

Jason sighed, thinking about his warm bed, taking a couple of seconds to hold on to that thought, before he stopped ignoring her noise. He opened the door again to find the girl nearly falling over before taking a second to regain her composure. "That's mean, you know, hurt a girl's feelings, shut her down like that. It's rude in general to slam a door on someone, but especially on a cute girl who only wants to-"

Jason cut her off grumpily, "You said you'd get in trouble if you didn't tell me something."

"Oh! Oh, yes! I'm supposed to wake new students up on their first day, a lot of students forget to set their alarm, it's an hour, and thirty till the start of classes."

"Well, you woke me up, job accomplished, good day." Jason again was about to shut the door before the girl put her hand in the way and struggled to stop it. "Wait! There's more!"

Jason sighed and stopped his attempt; she gave a pert and frustrated look at him before clearing her throat. "Your sign says there are two residents; are you both up? I'm also supposed to give you these, and deliver your breakfast." She pointed to a box next to her on the ground; inside as it lay open were cereal and folded clothes. "There's a fridge in everyone's room. After today, it's up to the students to keep their fridge stocked from the cafeteria food bank."

"Umm, thanks." Jason felt a little guilty for being so mean, now that he could see she was actually doing a job, and not just thumping on his door to elicit sex. "...Sorry for shutting the door on you, I don't mean to have a bad sense of humor in the morning." Again Jason felt his unpracticed social skills were heavily inadequate for the situation.

The girl however seemed to take his apology in stride. She hand waved it nonchalantly, returning to her chipper tone, "It's all right. My name is Danna."

"Jason," he replied curtly, unsure whether to hold his hand out for a handshake or something, deciding against it in the end.

She handed him two sets of clothes. "Here are the school uniforms, one for you and one for your roommate. You can buy differently designed clothes with the school logo at the school store, with a little bit of school credit."

Jason took the clothes and examined them; they were simple enough. It was a white polo shirt; the upper left breast held a logo in fancy lettering that Jason assumed to be the school's. The pants were black slacks, rather featureless. He was a bit surprised the school knew his size. He examined Katie's set, finding the clothes identical. Jason recalled most of the girls at the school seemed to wear skirts, not pants; he guessed school credit got some use then.

Taking a blatant look at Danna's clothing he raised an eyebrow, "So, are the uniforms mandatory...?"

It took the girl a couple of seconds to catch his meaning as she looked at herself then looked back with a smile. "Oh no, school uniforms are provided by the school, but they aren't in the least bit mandatory. It's just most students wear them anyway. I personally find them bland. School colors white and black, how boring can you be. Plus, clothes are stuffy; I sometimes prefer just to go naked."

Jason could only slowly nod, "...So you're a nudist then?" He personally had never met a nudist, quite frankly never understood it. He didn't want to judge and didn't think anything was wrong with being a nudist. He just felt it would be kind of, breezy and chilly. He supposed they would be used to it though; all he could do is shrug and leave the subject.

Turns out he was wrong about his guess though. "Exhibitionist!" she exclaimed with much enthusiasm.

"...O...Oh," was the best response Jason could muster.

She continued, "Nothing is better than when all eyes are on me! Oh it feels like their gaze caresses me! I'm getting excited just thinking about it." Her hand grasped her breast and began to massage the flesh, her other hand went to her lower extremities and began to gently caress the fabric barely covering her sex. Her eyes drifted upward as she was clearly lost in her imagination; if anything, Jason helped her along by standing there.

"Then why do most students wear the uniforms if they are so bland and not required?" Jason eyes held a quizzical expression.

She smiled naughtily, "It's because they clean easily and don't stain. Don't know what they're made of, but a quick visit to the bathroom is usually enough to clean them off, good as new. All the clothes at the store are like that."

Jason wondered if he should shut the door now. Again, he didn't want to judge based on someone's fetish, but this was out of his narrow comfort zone. "...Is that all you needed to give me?"

The girl returned from her daydream, her hands stopping for a moment, before a clever smile returned to her face. "No, there's one more thing." She immediately dropped to her knees, grabbing Jason's hastily thrown-on pants, yanking them down to his ankles. His cock was free and directly at her eye level; she grabbed it as well before Jason could react and licked the length of the hardening dick. "I still haven't given you your morning blowjob," she stated before swallowing his member whole.

Jason grabbed her head and let out a moan as desire pulsed from his rod and reverberated throughout his body. He damned himself for being so weak willed, but he resigned himself to his fate. He just couldn't resist the pleasure that Danna's mouth brought him, it felt just so damn good, and his prick was becoming easier to please by the second as his libido ignited. He just hoped she would finish before Katie got back, from wherever she was. He didn't know how to define their relationship, but he'd personally rather find out before any potentially damaging events to that relationship occurred.

Still, he couldn't deny his need as his joystick hardened to full length causing the girl to choke and pull off, leaving heavy dribbles of spit along the shaft of his cock. While part of his brain worried he was somehow cheating on Katie, the rest was much louder and had begun beating back that other voice as soon as her lips touched his cock, the louder voice telling him that they weren't in any official relationship, so nothing was wrong.

His dick stood hard and angry at the loss of attention from Danna. She admired the organ with glee. "I love the feeling of pricks getting hard and growing in my mouth." Looking up into Jason's eyes with a smirk, she slowly lavished his tip, tasting his pre-cum with delight. "Caught me off guard," she spoke between licks. "Should have told me you were packing a monster. If I'd known you were hauling something this big and delicious, I would have swallowed your pecker sooner." She shifted on to slowly worshiping his shaft with her tongue, eliciting more moans from herself and him.

'I don't know how much quicker you could have been at lunging for my dick.' Jason thought but decided not to comment, enjoying the skilled work of her tongue. Danna was devilishly accomplished at this; Jason couldn't believe how good her tongue made him feel as she slowly worked his shaft till she reached his balls, lavishing them with affection. She even sucked one into her mouth despite its overly large size to match his cock, releasing it from her mouth to speak sweetly to him. "I can almost taste a nice large load churning for me. Spray it all over me, no need to hold back, I want it all over my chest and face."

Danna once again corked her mouth with his cock, slowly and methodically moving up and down his member, taking it deeper and deeper into her gullet with each dive, her tongue stirring magically in her mouth. All Jason could do was stand and enjoy the onslaught, the sensuality and her talent with his cock paralyzed him. It was a miracle he was still standing.

The pleasure Danna could produce was at a noticeable higher degree than Katie's, though at the rate Katie's had strengthened, that wouldn't be true for long. He was however beginning to notice the very, he didn't know, texture of the sensation differed. Katie's pleasure empowered him, begged him to take charge, fed his instincts, and overpowered his reason. Miss Pallaca's was similar in the sense it batted away at his reason and baited him into a more proactive role, but hers demanded submission, the urge to feed the mature woman's lust with everything he had. Danna's though was less like fire, more like a light that drew him in like a bug. It told him that she needed, nay, deserved all attention, that Danna was a star and he was just along for the ride.

Danna didn't seem to have any more trouble due to his size other than her initial surprise as she was soon deep throating his huge cock like a champion. She seemed to be enjoying herself as well, moaning with a mouthful of his member, and clearly leaking her own excitement below. The noises she made and the way it reverberated on his tonsil tapper drove him closer to the edge. She seemed to be getting impatient as she worked his shaft, speeding up with every plunge.

Jason had no hope of holding back, he was surprised he'd held back this imminent release as long as he had; controlling his orgasm was still a new practice to him. He opened his eyes to enjoy the view of the gorgeous tanned girl sucking on his cock, till a figure at the corner of his vision lured his attention. "Katie?!" he gasped as his surprise made him lose focus, his brain overloaded with the searing white of his orgasm.

Given no warning, Danna was quickly overwhelmed by the size of his load, forcing her to pull off, spilling his cum from her mouth as his cock continued to pump thick strand on top of thick strand, all over her face and chest, dripping to the rest of her body, covering her nearly head to toe in his jizz. She didn't seem to mind, in fact she presented her body to be showered in his seed, orgasmic glee plastered on her face along with his cum as she shuddered with her own release brought on by the effects of his semen. "So thick and such an overwhelming manly smell! It's like you're marking me as your territory!" she beamed.

Katie stood there, her eyes wide, her mouth clamped shut, frozen while she watched. As Jason's high wore down, so did his horror and fear rise. He could see Katie had worked up a sweat, and it wasn't hard to tell what she had been doing that morning based on her apparel. It was obvious she had been out running. She wore a black tracksuit, the sides lined with bright red; the top clung tightly to her expansive chest, her toned midriff exposed. The pants of the tracksuit hugged her hips for dear life as they were so low they threatened to slide off, merely an inch was all that was needed to reveal her sex. Her hair was tied up in a ponytail. She stared at the scene.

Even after a long minute of spewing all over the tan bikini girl, Jason couldn't find words to say. He was stuck like a deer in headlights. After licking some excess dribbled from his still rock-hard cock once he finally finished his load, Danna unsteadily got to her feet, almost slipping in the mess, giggling, "Boy do you cum a lot for a new kid. I think this is more than some of the seniors produce! Uha!" It was clear she was still experiencing spasms of her own as she rose, starting to shakily walk away.

This managed to provoke a response from Jason, though he wasn't ready to deal with the Katie situation just yet. "Whoa, where are you going? You can clean-up inside if you want..." Even if his dick was still raring to go, his mind was far from sex at the moment.

Danna turned and smiled back, still recovering, "Sorry. I would love to stay and fuck till your dick's dry, but as promised, it was just a welcome blowjob. I have other things I need to do before class starts, though you've made my day already."

"...All right, but what about cleaning up?"

Danna seemed to mock think about it. "Naaaah, I like the paint job you gave me!" She stuck out her tongue. "Besides, some of my other stops may want a taste, your cum is fantastic! Wouldn't be surprised if it becomes the highest in demand at school."

Jason looked at her incredulously as she strolled off, walking past Katie, bring him back to the reality of the situation. Danna seemed oblivious to the tension, walking past Katie and making a show of sucking cum off her finger as she made her way past. She left the two dazed and alone in his room in the blue building.

Katie was the first to speak. "That was HOT!!!" Katie rushed over to Jason, unzipping the top of her tracksuit to reveal a layer of probably two sports bras, both different colors. They were doing their best to contain her abundant chest till she pulled them both up to release her bounty without taking any of her clothes off.

Jason was caught off guard, especially when Katie initiated a fierce kiss, his pants still around his ankles almost cost him his balance. His cock smeared her smooth belly with the remnants of his last orgasm and now dripping precum as she pressed her body close. Despite his surprise, Jason quickly recovered, returning her kiss, wrapping his arms around her and overpowering her mouth with his own. Katie responded with excited mewls in his mouth at his assault before breaking it, bringing herself face to face with his dick.

Jason recovered his breath and his thoughts while she lovingly stroked his rod with her hand and tongue, the other at work inside her pants.

"So... wait, you're not mad?" He was utterly bewildered, and horny. There was a sense of relief as his worry was for naught, but all that worry was replaced with confusion.

Katie paused and looked up with equal confusion. "Mad about what?" She didn't stop wanking him off, but she did slow down considerably.

"Well..." Maybe he was over-reaching what he expected their relationship to be. They only met yesterday, and they never declared themselves in any official relationship, besides Katie's joke on the bus about marrying him. There was no evidence to consider their relationship an exclusive one, especially after just a day, and even then, he immediately broke it. "I just thought you'd be mad, seeing me with another girl." He couldn't stop the words. He knew he was expecting too much, but he kind of wanted her as his girlfriend, absurd as that might be.

"Mad? My man so virile other girls want him and one girl isn't enough, god, that's my living wet dream!" she spoke excitedly before backing away a little with embarrassment. "I know it's a little weird... but... I kind of cooked up this daydream. All the guys I've been with were worthless and left me so frustrated that the image of a guy who can dominate like an animal then satisfy me and several other girls became my constant fantasy. You plastered her body and now she's walking around wearing your cum! I think I came a little, too!" She turned up to Jason with a small nervous look, "I, I hope that's not too weird for you..."

Jason was so stunned that he had to take a moment to clear his throat. "...N-not, ummm, not at all. I actually find that kind of hot." Jason's surprise turned into a confident grin after his mind caught hold of a note she left in her speech. "So, do I fit the bill of your man then?"

Katie blushed but quickened her strokes on his cock. "You're certainly big enough, more than big enough, and thick enough to fit the part. You could use a little more muscle, though at least you're not scrawny. I was going to take you with me on my morning run, but after seeing you cleaned up everything after I fell asleep, I decided you could take the day off."

Something didn't click. He thought Katie cleaned up the mess. And he'd always thought of himself as a scrawny guy. Looking at himself, he found out he was wrong. He wasn't an Olympic athlete, nor did he have any really defined muscles, but he was still leagues above how he remembered himself. His body had definitely gained some mass. While he didn't have abs, he had the beginnings of muscles, the kind if he flexed hard you could see the definition. Now that he thought about it, he felt a little taller, too.
