 Melodie bounced into the room as she chanted, "I have a date. I have a date. I have a date!" With the last announcement she came to a stop and fell back onto the other girls bed, scattering the clothes that she was attempting to put away. 

The black haired girl looked down at the figure that was now sprawled across the piles of what were folded clothes and regarded her for a moment before pulling a black sweater free from under the offending body.

"Demon or Elf this week Mel?" She asked Melodie as she began to manipulate the sweater onto a hanger. 

Mel rolled her eyes and sat up, picking a shirt up and unfolding it, looking it over. "Neither, human this time. I like to play the field, test the waters," she replied while nodding in a sage-like way before holding the shirt up to herself with a look that said not half bad. "Besides, he's like all hunky and stuff," she replied with a grin before tossing the shirt back down and looking up at her friend. 

"Hunky and stuff?" the dark haired girl asked with a raised eyebrow, hands on her hip. "Lemme guess, he's on the football team?" 

"No silly, the wrestling team," Mel told her with a smirk.

"What happened to the demon from last week? What was his name again?" She paused, leaning against the door trying to remember.

"Dace, and he wasn't a demon, just a minor minion..." Mel trailed off suddenly finding her nails very interesting. Suddenly she looked up and brightened. "Shy..." Mel asked in a way that Shylah knew there was something bad waiting for her. 

"Shylah," Mel wheedled, "What are you doing tonight?" she finished with what she hoped was an innocent smile.

"Why do I get the feeling that something wicked this way comes?" Shy watched the girl as she batted her eyes innocently, her dread growing at every instant. 

"Because if you weren't doing anything, I was going out with Jasey and his friend and I didn't really want to be the only girl because that would be horribly embarrassing, although it's not like I 'haven't' been there done that ya know," Shy hand waved off the rest of the ramble before visuals could become a part of it 

"I probably shouldn't Mel. I have a paper to write, two chapters to read and a spell that needs fine tuning, all due before next Thursday." Shy said, crossing her arms over her chest trying to appear unshakable. The last thing she wanted was to go dancing with Mel and her newest squeeze and be left on the sideline with some jock friend of Jasey's that didn't know a pencil from a wand. 

"He does so know a pencil from a wand," Mel pouted.

"Mel! You're doing it again... snooping!" Shy replied, staring down at Mel.

"I didn't mean to. It's just that you're cooped up here and you never get out and I'm not sure if you've even seen the sun in a week because you're always in the labs. And you need to have fun damnit!" Mel finished also crossing her arms, mirroring Shy's look. "Plus, you lied. Paper's not due till Friday."

"If it'll get you off my laundry so I can finish putting it away and you leave me be for a week so I can get those assignments done for the professors, I'll do it," Shy said defeated.

Mel grinned in such a way that instantly made Shy feel uneasy and simply replied, "Deal."

Mel got up from the bed and headed out the door to her own room next door, still wearing that grin and Shy was left with the vague hope that he would be human at least. *Please no horns this time,* she pleaded silently to herself.

"No horns, I promise!" Mel called out through the open door before she closed her own. 

-----------

Shylah was finishing pinning her black hair away from her face as she waited for Mel to show up while swaying to the music coming from her stereo. It was Friday night on the university campus. She could already hear the shouts and screams from outside the dorms as the students let loose for the weekend. Swaying to Siouxsie and the Banshees she moved over towards the windows and looked out over the strange campus that had become her home. Shy grinned at the thought that it wasn't just any university that you could major in Forensic Medicine and minor in Witchcraft. 

She had met her best friend Melodie, while standing in line to register for classes. All around her were demons, zombies, witches, and all sorts of non-normal folk. She had instantly felt at home and knew this was the university for her. Mel was even assigned the room next to hers in the dorms and had a few classes with Shylah. 

Shylah looked down at the black Doc Martins she was wearing and the jeans; she had topped off her outfit with a crushed velvet black tank top with beaded designs that laced up the front. With her long hair pinned back, out of her face she put on just a hint of make up. She wore her silver pentagram necklace and the ankh charm and skipped the earrings. Shylah raised her brown eyes up as the door popped open and Mel slid inside. 

"What do you think?" she asked as she struck a typical pose, one hand raised up over head and the other on her hip, leaning back against the door frame and giving her best sultry look. 

Shy giggled and then turned mock serious, taking on a thoughtful pose, one hand holding her chin as the other held her elbow. 

"Hmmmm, well lets see," she said and proceeded to look Mel over with a critical eye. "The strappy sandals go nicely with the tan capri cargo pants. Very cute and trendy. And the tiny white baby t-shirt leaves very little to the imagination. You are wearing a bra under there aren't you?" Shy asked coming closer to inspect.

"Of course I am, geez. What do you think I am, loose or something?" Mel replied with mock indignation as she stepped over to the mirror by the closet. "What do you think of my hair? Does it look okay?" She asked fussing with the light brown curls that were mostly pulled back with little butterfly clips, leaving a few to frame her face.

"I think it looks just fine, it always does you know." Shy replied looking over Mel's shoulder into her reflection with a smile. 

"So does Mr. I'm-taking-my-friend's-friend-out have a name?" Shy asked as she sat down on her bed while Mel fussed with her hair again. 

Mel's reflection looked at Shy, "Yeah, his name is Samuel. Sweet name eh?" she asked. 

Shy rolled her eyes, "Please tell me his last name is not Adams." 

Mel turned and thought for a moment, "No, I don't think it is. It's something like McKensie," she finished with a shrug. 

Shy laughed and then quieted at a knock at her door. 

"They're here!" Mel squealed in delight. 

Shy rolled her eyes at the so very-not-college-like behavior and got up to answer the door. Mel beat her to the door and drew it open with a grin. Jasey stood outside looking very much human. The blond haired boy smiled at Mel and hugged her. 

"Hey Babe," he greeted her as he slid a large arm around her waist and pulled her close for a kiss. 

Shy rolled her eyes and turned on a small lamp on her desk and gathered up a small purse before stepping up to the door, unnoticed by the two still kissing. 

"Maybe you two should come up for air before you turn blue," Shy suggested as she waited, the two parting but hands still clasped in each other's. 

Mel smiled and started the introductions as a dark haired boy stepped up behind Jasey. 

"Jasey, this is Shylah, my bestest friend. Shylah, this is Jasey, a total hunk, " she giggled before turning to the boy behind Jasey. "And this, is Samuel." 

Samuel stepped forward to the doorframe with quiet grace, vivid blue eyes peeked out from under his dark bangs. He smiled softly and extended his hand out to the stunned Shy. She couldn't resist looking him over, taking in the sight of him. He was dressed casually with jeans and a short sleeve black button up shirt, blue flames danced up from the hem of his shirt for design. His skin was pale and his hair matched hers. 

*Wow* She thought before hearing a giggle and a soft cough from Mel. Realizing that Samuel still stood there with his hand held out she hurriedly stepped forward and reached out to shake his hand as he stood in the hall, still while trying to hide away the blush that threatened to creep over her. His hand was cold to the touch and she looked down. He hadn't passed over the entrance to her door, as they shook hands. 

*Figures* she thought. *Mel gets the human, I get the vampire. * 

"Shylah," she introduced herself, "But Mel calls me Shy." 

"Very accurate," he replied softly with a slight grin, his hand still clasped around hers gently. 

"Okay, so now everyone's no longer strangers. Let's go! I wanna dance!" Mel exclaimed and turned almost dragging Jasey towards the elevators. 

Samuel let Shy slip her hand from his grasp and watched as she stepped through the door and pulled it shut, locking it and placing the key in her purse. Together they walked towards the elevators

"You look very lovely," Sam complimented Shy as they walked to catch up with Jasey and Mel who were waiting for the elevator. 

"Thank you," she smiled shyly to him, "You have very beautiful eyes." She groaned inwardly at how lame that must have sounded. 

"Jasey, have I told you how beautiful your eyes are?" Mel suddenly asked Jasey, turning to him. 

"Well no, you normally comment on my..." he started to reply but Mel cut him off. "They really are beautiful, I could lose myself in them." 

*Thank you, you snoop* Shy thought as she looked over towards Mel and Jasey, seeing Mel shot her a quick wink as the elevator doors slid open and everyone piled inside. 

--------- 

Shy eagerly collapsed down onto the stool at the table after another dance with Samuel. He was an amazing dancer! The four of them sat at the table while taking a break, drinking and chatting. As Jasey, Mel and Sam engaged in some sort of conversation Shy let her mind wonder. 

Shy got up with an excuse for a bathroom break and slipped away as the others barely noticed as the conversation raged on. She weaved her way through the crowd and down the hallway towards the bathrooms, slipping inside. The bathroom was deserted for once as she stepped up to the mirrors and dug into her purse for her lipstick. Absently, she heard the door open and after finding her lipstick she looked up in the mirror to see who had come in but saw no one, she shrugged if off. 

She leaned over the sink and towards the mirror, concentrating while putting on her lipstick. Shy jumped and the lipstick fell into the sink as she jumped in shock at the feeling of hands resting on her hips, a body pressed up against hers from behind. She didn't see anyone in the mirror and turned to look behind her, hoping that she was not crazy. 

She met Samuel's amused gaze as he held her tight. She opened her mouth to ask him why he was in the ladies room but before she could ask, he leaned forward and had pressed his mouth to hers, his tongue lightly darting over her lips. Her mind went blank during that moment and she closed her eyes, turning in his grasp to face him fully, continuing the sensual kiss. She pulled back, breaking the kiss after a few moments and sucked in a breath of air as she looked at the man in front of her. His blue eyes gazed at her through the black bangs and gave him an almost mischievous innocence. 

He moved forward and pressed against her, pinning her against the sink behind her. She watched speechless as he reached up with pale slender fingers and pulled at the lacing on her top, pulling it open to reveal her skin to him. Her mind whirled and the thought of asking him to stop never even peeked in. He leaned forward and let his tongue dance over her neck and collarbone with little nips thrown in. She shivered and leaned her head back, enjoying his attention. His hands slowly slid up her body from her hips to gently cup her lace clad breasts as he started to nibble along the tops of them. Shy sighed softly and relaxed into his hands. 

Shy's fingers worked on the buttons of his shirt as he continued to kiss and nip her skin. With the last button undone, she slid her hands over his smooth chest and let her fingers dance along the hardness of it. His touch was so soft and tender upon her skin but she had no doubt that sheer strength lay just underneath and she moaned softly at the thought.

His lips claimed hers again as his nimble fingers undid the clasp between her breasts and freed them from the bra she was wearing, letting her warm flesh fall into his cool fingers, warming them. He broke the kiss and gave her a playful grin before bending down to let his tongue play over her nipple, her eyes widened at the wonderful feeling of his tongue. With a sigh of contentment she leaned her head forward slightly, giving herself to the feelings his tongue was giving her, her hands lightly resting on his head, cradling it. 

His tongue worked gentle circles around her hard nipple before flicking back and forth over it, teasing it before finally nipping at it. He heard her gasp, smiled then moved over to the other, torturing it the same fashion and extracting more breathy moans from her. He kissed up over her breasts and chest, over her neck till he found her eager lips once again. 

She slid down his body feeling as though her legs were giving way under her. As she kneeled before him she looked up into his eyes as she reached for his belt, undoing it and pulling on the button of his jeans before lowering the zipper. She caught his hungry gaze as he watched her, sans underwear and leaning forward, hands resting on the sink behind her where she kneeled before him. Shy leaned forward with deliberate slowness and gave his naked shaft a long lick from bottom to head. Her tongue ran lightly over his head, tasting the small drop of precum that rested there. He closed his eyes for a moment fighting to keep his control before opening them again and watching as she licked him gently. He felt her lips slide over his head, enveloping him in her warm mouth and groaned softly. 

"Tease," he barely managed to whisper as he struggled for control. He could feel her smile as she slowly took him deeper and deeper into her mouth, swirling her tongue under his shaft before letting go with a lick. She looked up to his face, seeing the concentration upon it before sliding him back into her mouth, loving the velvety feel of his member. She slid further down on his shaft till her lips pressed against it's base and then slid it from her mouth only to plunge down on it again, setting a slow rhythm that she could feel his hips responding to. She worked her mouth up and down his shaft with eagerness, tongue tickling the underside and swirling around his head as she pulled up each time. 

He groaned again as he felt her fingers gently rolling his sac, his grip on the sink turning his knuckles white, his eyes closed in concentration, refusing to give up control and take her right there and then. She increased her pace, talented tongue working against him and he felt his balls tighten as he felt close. Her fingers felt this as well and her tongue teased him unmercifully as she moved her hot mouth against him, up and down his shaft. She let go of him with a long slow teasing lick only to plunge back down, drawing him all the way in causing him to lose his control. He growled as he came in her mouth. His eyes looked down upon her in glazed feral lust as she drank him down, a few drops escaping her lips and running slowly down her chin as she worked to clean him. 

Roughly he pulled out of her mouth and lifted her easily to her feet looking at her flushed face and lustful eyes. He leaned forward and slowly licked the drops from her chin to the corner of her mouth in much the same way she had teased him before he crushed his lips to hers, her arms slipping around him, hugging him for support as he took her breath away from her. 

A gasp startled her out of her thoughts as she looked over the table to Mel. Mel sat there looking at her with wide eyes and flushed skin. The conversation that had caused Shy to daydream had come to a halt and both men sat looking at the women, both flushed bright red and looked extremely embarrassed. 

"Shy..." Mel started, looking at her and feeling her heart race. 

"Sorry Mel," Shy replied, silently adding *Pervert!* 

Mel stood up and smoothed out her clothes before grabbing Jasey's hand, pulling him from the table as she hurriedly explained that a headache had suddenly come on and that she was heading back to the dorms. Jasey being kind enough to walk her home and make sure that she got there all right. 

Samuel and Shylah watched them to go with amused looks, not fooled for a moment. Samuel turned to Shylah and she felt herself blush yet again as she looked into his blue eyes. He stood up from the table and took her hand in his, causing her to shiver. He pulled her close to him as they weaved their way through the bar and towards the exit. 

"Penny for your thoughts?" he asked with a grin as Shy felt herself blush red yet again much to his amusement.