 Shylah fell back heavily against the door, causing it to shut with a thud. Samuel was pressed against her tightly, lips claiming hers in frenzied passion. Her arms draped over his shoulder, fingers lightly playing with his black hair as they both fought for dominance during the kiss. His hands slid slowly up from her waist, up under her tank top and stopped just under her arms, thumbs teasingly brushing the sides of her breasts, pulling a moan from her lips. 

He leaned back, letting her take in a lung full of breath, while looking down at her. She was beautiful, her black hair matched his and her brown eyes looked at him in a way that made him shiver. He could feel her hurried pulse and hear her heavy breathing as her hot skin heated his own cold flesh. 

Slowly he removed his hands from under her top, watching her face as he gently tugged on the ties at the front of her tank top, letting the black crushed velvet fall away. He could easily see her soft skin in the dark, it almost seemed luminescent to him. He could see the faint flush that spread over her skin as he traced his fingertips lightly over her chest, feeling the softness of her skin and reveling in it. He looked back up to her face and saw that her head was leaning back against the door, eyes closed and lips slightly parted as she concentrated on the magic his fingertips were weaving.

Suddenly he leaned forward and scooped her up in his arms, a yelp of surprise escaping her as she held on to his neck for dear life while he carried her over to his bed, gently placing her upon it. Shy looked up at him in the dark, trying to make out the emotions on his face as he crawled over to her, resting his weight on his elbows, covering her body with his. 

Shy slid her hands up over his chest then let her nimble fingers work on the buttons of his shirt as he pressed his lips against hers again. His thumb lightly brushed her cheek as he nibbled on her lips and then moved down to her chin, continuing down further to her neck as he felt Shy finish with the last button and continue on to his belt, pulling at the buckle and undoing it, he couldn't help but smile at her impatience. 

"What?" she asked in a low voice as soon as she had time to catch her breath.

"Nothing," he replied, still smirking. "Just don't think that you're living up to your nickname is all" 

"Well, what can I say, Mel is a bad influence on me," she finished as she leaned up and nipped at his neck playfully while her fingers now worked on the button and zipper of his jeans. 

"Am not complaining in the least," he almost moaned as he felt her warm hands pull him free of his jeans, causing him to shiver again. 

He sat up, straddling her legs and pulled her up against him in a tender kiss before flicking the clasp between her breasts and causing the bra to open up for him. He pulled her top and bra off of her and pressed her back down to the bed as he moved his fingers to the button on her jeans. He glanced up to see her trying to watch his movements in the dark as she lightly ran a finger down and started circling her own breast, moving to tease her now hard nipple. 

He groaned at the display and hurried to pull the clothes from her, untying her boots and finally pulling her clothes free, leaving her naked, in his bed; he almost growled hungrily. Quickly he divested himself of his own clothing, adding it to the pile on the floor by the bed. He moved up from the bottom of the bed where he had undressed and crawled towards her with a quiet grace, leaning down to press cool lips to the top of her foot, causing her to jump. He continued to kiss up her leg slowly, teasing with little licks every now and again while one hand helped support his weight, the other slid teasingly up her other leg, fingers brushing the spot here her leg joined her body, tortuously close to her smooth lips. 

She squirmed at his touches; hands holding onto the covers of his bed while letting a soft moan drift out into the darkness. Her brow furrowed as she finally realized that he had stopped moving and now was still. She lifted her head, wondering what was wrong. At that moment she screamed as she felt his cool tongue snake down to touch her folds wet folds. She automatically moved her legs apart at his touches and moaned loudly. His tongue teased at her slit, slowly running up and down, tasting her while his thumb gently rubbed circles over her clit, causing her to squirm under his touch. He grinned again, pleased at himself for being the cause of her squirming and moaning. His own erection pressing into the bed, he moaned and sucked lightly on her clit causing her body to tighten as she neared climax.

He pulled back and heard her groan in protest, her hands impatiently reaching down to finish what he started, seeking the release she needed but he captured them in his hands and gently pushed them up over her head as he moved up her body. The heat radiating off of her body was warming his and making him almost feel alive again. He pressed against her opening with the tip of his shaft and quickly got her attention. She leaned up and sought out his lips, kissing them and trying to convey her need for him. Letting go of her arms he held himself over her, watching her face as he slowly pushed into her. 

She lifted her hips, pressing herself up against him as her hands snaked up along his arms to his back, taking in a breath as he filled her, her legs locking around his. He pushed into her as she groaned her pleasure before pulling almost out, listening to her whimper before pushing back in again. He set a pace and she eagerly followed, both bodies moving against each other in harmony. 

He closed his eyes concentrating on keeping his control as her muscles squeezed him tightly when he slid in and out of her warmth. *God she feels wonderful!* he thought as he moved against her, dipping his hips to press against her clit, being rewarded with a sharp intake of breath and another whimper. He leaned down and nibbled along her neck feeling his control slip a little as she sped up the rhythm, her body tightening at the approach of her orgasm. 

He felt his fangs lengthen and his eyes took on a feral light as her moans started coming faster and louder, he started to thrust more forcefully. He could feel her teetering on the edge and before he could think he had pressed his lips against her shoulder and slid his teeth into her skin. She screamed as her body shook with the orgasm he gave her and drew her nails down his back as wave after wave of pleasure washed through her. 

As he drew in a mouthful of her sweet blood and felt her nails raking his back he felt the last dregs of control slip away and...

~BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP~

Samuel opened an eye hesitantly from where he lay, face down upon his bed and glared at the alarm going off next to his bed before reaching up and sweeping it off the small table, effectively silencing it as it crashed to the floor. He groaned and rubbed his hands over his face, desperately trying to hang onto the fast fading dream. Willing him self to calm down, he turned over and felt his fangs disappearing and his body starting to slowly relax. He slid his hands down under the sheets to feel the hard on he still sported, groaning as his hand closed around it, trying to pictures Shy's hand instead. 

His thoughts were interrupted once again with a loud knocking on his door. 

"Can't a vampire get a break here?" he muttered to himself as he slid out of bed and pulled on a pair of Lusus U. sweat pants, his problem already shrinking by all the interruptions this morning as he moved to the door and pulled it open. Jasey leaned against the frame waiting, the picture of perfect impatience as he glanced at his watch and then back to Sam with mock annoyance. 

"What?" Sam asked somewhat cranky, hands rubbing over his bare arms.

"Love you too sweetness," Jasey replied with a grin and moved past Sam into his room, taking a seat in the chair by the desk, lounging.

"So...?" Jasey asked Sam as he returned to flop down on his bed, face buried in his pillow vaguely wondering if he could go back to sleep.

"So what?" came the muffled reply from Sam, not bothering to move.

"You know, that really creeps me out when you do that" Jasey said, watching as Sam continued to lay as if he were dead, "I do that and I'd suffocate."

"Vampire, no breathing remember?" came another muffled reply before Sam turned his head from the pillow to look at Jasey with a suspicious look, "What are you after?" 

"So what happened with you and Shy after Mel got her "headache" last night?" Jasey asked, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees, sly grin on his face.

"Nothing, I walked her home like the perfect gentleman I am," Sam replied almost wishing he wasn't after this morning's dream. 

"That's all?" Jasey asked, eyebrow raised in skepticism.

"That's it. I'm not all that sure that she really cares for me." Sam replied, sitting up with a soft shrug.

"You've got to be kidding me!" Jasey snorted as he started to laugh. 

Sam scowled at his blonde haired friend, "What?"

"I think she likes you plenty fine...Did you know that Mel can tune in on other people's thoughts sometimes?" Jasey asked after picking up a pencil from the desk tapping his other hand with it. 

"Oh?" Sam asked, his turn to raise an eyebrow, not sure if he was comfortable with that fact, especially after this morning's dream.

"Oh yeah. Mel told me that Shylah likes you plenty fine and because of that, I have to admit that we had killer sex last night." Jasey finished with a grin.

"Come again? What are you talking about, and you can skip the last part, not interested in your killer sex," Sam asked as he slid forward resting his bare feet on the floor, interested in the information that Jasey was dangling just out of his reach 

"While we were talking last night at the Gallows, after we got done dancing and sat at the table, you remember how quiet Shy got, and then how quiet Mel got? Believe me, Shy wasn't thinking about midterms, more like vampiresandladiesrooms," Jasey finished with a cough and proceeded to study the pencil. 

"What was that?" Sam asked looking strangely at his friend.

"Well, Mel kinda let it slip that Shy was thinking about you. Thinking *really* hard about you. And if I were you, defiantly wouldn't let her nickname slow you down. It wasn't at all shy," Jasey finished watching his friend's face with a triumphant grin. 

Samuel just sat there for a moment, trying to decided if Jasey was putting one over on him or not. "You're not lying to me are you? Cause if you are I might have to find something horrible to do to you..." Sam left the threat hanging even though he knew that Jasey was going to ignore it anyways. 

"Man, I am not lying, would I lie about killer sex like that?" Jasey said tossing the pencil back to the desk and looking at his watch. "Hey I got wrestling practice here in a bit, wan me to give ya a lift to the campus? After I'm done, maybe we can go dig up the girls and grab a bite to eat. I'm *fairly* sure Shy'll be up for something to eat...," Jasey finished with a somewhat lecherous grin. 

Samuel looked over to his clock, or rather, where it would have been and glanced up towards the heavily curtained windows thinking it was about dusk. "Sure, do I have time for a shower first?"

"Yeah, if you hurry. I'll give Mel a call and see if they're up to it while you're in there," Jasey got up and headed out the door to find the phone as Sam wandered off towards the bathroom pleased at the prospect of getting to see Shy again. 

------

"GO! GO! TEAR HIS HEAD OFF!" Melodie eagerly shouted as she fairly bounced in her seat on the bleachers. 

"Um...you do realize this is only practice right?" Shylah asked the bouncing Mel next to her as she tried to steady both a notebook and spell book in her lap. 

"I know Shy, just trying to support my honey!" Mel explained as she beamed in Jasey's direction. "What are you doing anyways?" She asked as she tore her gaze away from the large blonde that just threw his partner to the ground.

"I'm taking notes on this spell so we can discuss the importance of using the correct herbs," Shy explained as she jotted down a note while her finger kept her place in the spell book.

"Mmkay, and you *do* realize that it's Saturday riiight?" Mel asked her while yanking the notebook away from her and flipping it shut. 

"Dun suppose that you remember that promise you made me? Something along the lines of I'll let you study if you go on this double date with me..." Shy asked, giving her best Mel impression at the last words. 

Mel only giggled and shoved the notebook in Shy's bag along with the spell book that Shy had closed in defeat. "C'mon, help me cheer for my man. 'Sides, Sam's supposed to show up after his Photo Lab, then you two can *think* up something fun to do," Mel finished with a smirk as Shy just buried her face in her hands, black hair falling about, helping her to hide her blushing face. 

"You are evil, you know this don't you?" Shy asked with out moving. 

"Of course I am. That's my endearing quality actually." Mel happily replied as she caught a glimpse of Samuel making his way along the bleachers to them quiet as a cat. 

"Well, what happened last night?" Mel innocently asked as she glanced out over the mats again, watching Jasey. 

"Um you dragged me out and then left me with a stranger, does that about sum it up?" Shy asked, still not bothering to move. 

"Well okay, but what did you think of Sam? I already know what you think about doing *with* Sam." Mel giggled a little giving a wave to Samuel that had just silently sat down behind Shy, his eyebrow raised in question. 

"He's nice." Shy replied looking down at her boots only vaguely paying attention to Mel as she thought of Sam. 

"Nice? That's all you got to say about him?" Mel pressed, turning to her.

"I hardly know they guy, plus he's a vampire, kinda gives me the creeps a little ya know," Mel replied as she bent down to retie her laces.

"In case you haven't guessed or anything, Lusus University isn't your normal, run of the mill school. And besides, those slimy snaily things...they're way worse in my opinion. And-and-and what about Jack? He was a vampire ya know." Mel finished, crossing her arms over her chest, warming to the debate.

"Yeah, and he was an asshole. In the chance that you missed it, I haven't dated since then. Not exactly a point for your side." Mel replied "But because I also know that you're not going to give me a moment's peace on this. Samuel seems like a very nice guy, very attentive, courteous and of course you already know about the other part."

Samuel leaned back, elbows resting on the seat behind him as he listened, feeling slightly guilty for eavesdropping but listening attentively none the less, digesting the information. So she's had problems before. I knew she probably wasn't interested. 

"Well I think that you need to give him a chance. He seems like a great guy, Jasey says he's a good guy, granted their room mates but still." Mel finished just as Jasey walked up, towel in hand.

"Hey guys! Hey baby." He greeted them as he leaned forward to give Mel a kiss. "Did you guys think of a place to eat at? I'm starving!" He asked after the kiss, wiping at the back of his neck with the towel. 

"We were thinking Chinese tonight. Are you gonna shower before we go though?" Mel asked watching Jasey towel off more sweat with a slight wrinkle of her nose.

"Yeah, I'll get a quick shower in and then we can motor. That sound alright Sam?" Jasey asked his friend that was still lounging behind the girls.

Shy got a sinking feeling before turning around to be greeted by Sam's vivid blue eyes. 

"Hey," she said trying for a smile before shooting Mel a dirty look.

"Hey," he mirrored while grinning.