 Shylah got up from the chair that she was sitting in, looking about her darkened dorm room. Mel wouldn't be home tonight, Shy knew this, so if she was going to attempt any spell casting, tonight might be a good time to try. She moved over to her shelves and looked over the ingredients and items as the thought about what she'd need for the spell. 

"Lets see here..pink candle, red candle. Sea salt," She looked over a few more herbs and started pulling things down from the shelf that she would need.

Shy rolled up her rug that covered the chilly dorm room floor and pushed it aside before setting the items that she needed to work with down on the floor. Then she grabbed her shower caddy and headed out towards the showers. Finding them empty she was pleased and reached in to one of the ones in the back and turned it on to warm the water on before peeling off her clothes. Her mind drifted back to this afternoon. *I can't believe that I was actually starting to like some one like that. Another vampire for gods sake, didn't I learn my lesson the last time?* She reached for the lilac scented shower gel and her shower puff, lathering it up before attacking her skin. *He's not even my type! Well granted he's handsome but still. You should know better, guys like that don't hit on you, they have the blonde haired, blue eyed Mandys, not you.* Her scrubbing started to turn her skin a light pink color as her thoughts raced on.

She rinsed out the shower puff and exchanged it for the lavender scented shampoo that she started to work into her hair. *Why do you even care anyways? It's not like you were dating or something, stalker girl.* Shy rolled her eyes at her own inner dialog and turned under the spray of the water to rinse the shampoo from her hair before massaging in the minty smelling conditioner. *So we will relax, cast a spell of attraction and when the fog clears, see who notices your inner beauty. Okay, that sounded pretty lame. We'll see who is desperate enough to lower their standards to find you attractive. That's more like it.* She chuckled ruefully as she turned again to rinse the conditioner from her hair.

She leaned back into the hot spray of the water and closed her eyes breathing out a soft sigh. There’s no shower like a lobster shower she smiled as she thought. She ran her hands over her hair, back from her face, moving them then over her neck and slowly down her front. Shy’s skin was still slick from the conditioner and her hands easily moved over the wet flesh. 

Shy shivered a bit even though the water turned her skin pink from the heat. She ran her hands lightly over her breasts, cupping them and kneading softly while rubbing her thighs together, delighting in the friction that it caused. With her thumbs and forefingers she pinched her nipples and then tugged on the rings. Her breathing sped up as she moved to lean against the shower wall, not trusting her own balance. The water continued to pound down on her skin as her hand slid lower over the skin of her stomach and down lower still. Soft fingers found her own smooth mound and let her fingertips brush over it with feather-light touches. Her other hand lazily switched from nipple to nipple, slowly circling and pinching the hard buds.

She closed her eyes and leaned her head back against the shower wall as her finger gently circled her clit a few times before lightly pinching it and rubbing it gently between her fingers. Shy gave a soft closed mouth moan and spread her legs a bit more to allow greater access. Her palm cupped her mound while fingers teased her slit, rubbing back and forth along it, slipping inside enough just to tease. Slowly she moved a finger inside her slick passage, rubbing it side to side as her muscles clenched tight. 

Her mouth fell open as she started to pant for breath. Slowly the finger started to glide in and out of her slit while the heel of her palm rubbed back and forth over her clit, creating a delicious pressure. Her hips ground slowly forward and backward against her hand while her other hand still teased her nipples under the shower spray. 

As she slid a finger back inside her hot tunnel, she added another, wriggling slightly against them. She pumped them in and out of her wetness slowly at first but as her hips began to move in a rhythm against her fingers, it started to speed up. Her panting became heavier as her hips moved faster. Shy’s mind started seeing Sam in the shower with her, his hands upon her breasts, pulling and pinching at her nipples while instead of her fingers, he was thrusting into her. 

Shy added another finger to the two that were thrusting in and out of her soaked slit, letting slip a moan that she vaguely hoped didn’t travel over the sound of the shower. Her hips worked back and forth against her fingers as she pictured Sam’s cock thrusting in and out of her instead. She moaned louder as she felt the tension start to build in her body. Feverishly she worked her fingers in and out of her as she ground the heel of her palm against her clit. Her eyes squeezed tight as she worked her fingers faster and faster, feeling Sam shove into her over and over again. She gasped as she roughly pinched and twisted a nipple as she thrust in her fingers hard while her orgasm started to take over her body.

Shy cried out as she bucked her hips against her fingers, her muscles milking them as she continued to pinch at her own nipples, still visioning Sam’s fingers instead of hers. Her movements slowed after a bit and she was left panting against the shower wall with water cascading down over her body. Groaning she slid her fingers from her folds and let the water run over them before stepping back into the spray while mentally berating herself for fantasizing about a guy that she has no intention of doing anything with. She moved her hands over her body in somewhat of a daze, rinsing off the sweat from her earlier playing.

Sighing she reached out and turned the knobs, shutting the water off. She ran her hands up and over her face and back over her hair, looking up and wondering why she does this to herself. She slid open the shower curtain and pulled a towel from the hook, leaning forward to wrap her hair up in a blue turban. Shy reached for the other towel and wrapped it around her body before gathering up her things and heading back towards her room.   

Her hair up in the towel turban, she returned to her room, putting the shower things away in a closet before commencing to try off. Tossing the towels to the side she began dressing in a white tank top and a pair of Scooby-Doo boxer shorts and then got down to the task of her spell casting.

Shy set about arranging the items she would need upon the floor with in reach before starting to cast her circle of protection. She called to the elements of the four directions as she lit the candles for each direction. That being done she kneeled down and held out a piece of red paper that had been cut in the shape of a heart. She held the paper in one palm as she sprinkled a mixture of dried violet, woody nightshade and rose petal while chanting softly in the room lit only by her candles.

“My inner doubts are now set free,

My heart is open come to me.

Let the future joy unfold,

May I find happiness and love untold.

This so asked by me,

So mote it be!”

Carefully she folded the herbs within the paper heart and tied it tightly with a red ribbon. She took her time to thank the elements and dismiss them before standing and stretching. She placed the little paper bundle in a small red velvet drawstring pouch and then tucked it under her pillow. 

Shy turned back to her desk and clicked on the lamp to see so that she could straiten and pick up the aftermath of her spell casting. She yawned as she unrolled the carpet back over her floor and looked around, no evidence showing of any spell casting. She could just imagine the lecture that Mel would give her for casting a spell that she didn’t need because she should be going out with Sam. She sighed and shook her head against the earlier images of Sam from the shower and reached out to click off the lamp, plunging the room into darkness as she moved over to her bed and slid under the covers, wiggling to get comfortable. 

Shy rolled on her side and pulled her knees up, tucking one hand under her pillow, touching the velvet bag. Her fingers brushed against its softness as she hoped that the spell would work and maybe she would be more appealing to the opposite sex.

-------

“Get up wench!! Today is shopping day damnit!” Mel pounded on Shy’s door the next morning.

Shy moaned and lifted her head to peer at the alarm clock that sat on the desk at the foot of her bed. 11:00am? Good goods! She overslept tons. Slowly she staggered out of bed, pushing her black unruly hair out of her face as she squinted at the door, opening it for Mel to enter.

Mel pushed past Shy with something in her hands and Shy pushed the door shut before numbly walking back to her bed and sitting heavily down on it, squinting this time at the very unbearably perky Mel. 

“What is that in your hands?” Shy asked.

“Looks like a flower to me silly, after all, it was hanging off your door. Did some one get a visit from a handsome vampire early this morning?” Mel asked with a grin, tossing the flower to Shy for her inspection.

Shy caught the flower and looked at it. It was a slightly wilted lily but still seemed very pretty. She wondered who had given it to her. If it was Sam, it wasn’t interested. He, after all, had more things on his mind she reasoned.

“No I didn’t have a visit from Sam. Was dead asleep if you remember the unkempt appearance as I graciously let you in, remember?” Shy replied, scratching her arm and then moving on to other parts of her body. Mel watched with a raised eyebrow.

“Hey, you slept in, beauty sleep for you, so why are you cranky?” Mel asked while plopping down into Shy’s desk chair. 

“I’m not cranky. Guess I was just way tired and it all caught up with me this weekend is all. Sorry I overslept,” Shy said as she pulled open drawers and pulled out items of clothing, tossing them on the bed, flower forgotten.

“Are you alright?” Mel asked, watching her slow movements.

“Yeah, am just really really tired for some reason,” Shy answered pulling out a pair of jeans and moving over to sit heavily down on her bed.

“You maybe haven’t been casting any spells or anything weird like that have you?” Mel asked as she leaned forward in the chair, resting her elbows on her knees, hands clasped, giving Shy the once over with a critical eye.

Shy rolled her eyes and began to strip off her shorts and tank top in order to get dressed, “Of course not, and it’s not weird stuff. I take classes for that you know. So even if I did, which I didn’t, it might have been homework or something,” Shy replied as she stood to pull on her jeans, pulling the zipper up and buttoning them. She pulled on a Happy Bunny t-shirt, the saying reading ‘I know how you feel, I just don’t care’.

“What are we shopping for today?” Shy asked as she sat down to pull her socks and shoes on.

“I don’t know. I thought that we’d wonder around the mall, slurp on those juice shake thingies and try on clothes that will make men go nuts,” Mel finished with a grin.

Shy pulled her mass of black hair up into a ponytail and turned to grab her keys and purse, “Okay, I’m ready to go. Not sure about the clothes things though.”

------

Shy slid into one side of the booth, pushing her bags in before her and Mel slid into the other side doing the same with hers, each setting their tray of food on the table.. 

“God why do I eat these things? It always comes back to haunt me later,” Mel said as she pulled her straw free of the wrapping and jabbed it into her soft drink.

“We eat these because this pizza place is the lesser of the evils of mall cuisine,” Shy replied, poking her fork at the pizza slice experimentally, “sad as that is,” she added as an afterthought.

“I think that we should go back to Hot Topic. I’m going to buy that skirt, Jasey will absolutely freak over it,” Mel said as she chewed on a bite of pizza.

“Well okay. I thought it was a bit too…. pink for me, but you like that so I guess it works,” Shy replied starting in on her own pizza. 

“Well Jasey says that the color pink doesn’t intimidate him so he’s okay with it,” Mel replied with a grin.

“Hi, can I join you?” a voice asked out of nowhere. Both Shy and Mel looked up to it’s owner who was standing at the edge of the booth. “My name’s Dylan. You go to school here don’t you, I think that I’m in a few of your larger classes so I tend to blend in a lot.”

Dylan stood at the end of the booth, looking at the girls, soda in hand. His hair was mostly shaved on the sides of his head and the long shaggy mane that did remain had pink tips. He sported an eyebrow ring, multiple earrings and plugs in his ears while the skin left uncovered by the short sleeves of his Voltaire t-shirt sported multiple tattoos crowned with numerous spiked bracelets on his wrists. His over sized jeans had multiple chains that jingled with his movements. 

Mel wondered how exactly he blended in but spoke up, “Um…sure. What classes are you in?” she asked while sliding over.

Dylan sat down next to Shy in the blink of an eye, “Thanks. I’m an art major, I’m hoping that after graduation I can open up my own tattoo shop with top of the line art. You know the kind that seems to almost move, minor enchantments the like,” He finished with a shrug and a drink from his straw. The girls looked at each other and shared a mutual shrug. Shy got an odd feeling from the boy, something seemed a little off but she shrugged it away.

“My name is Shylah and this is Melodie, it’s nice to meet you Dylan,” Shy introduced them both and smiled to the strange boy sitting next to her. 

“Shylah, I know this is somewhat sudden and out of the blue, but I was wondering if you would like to maybe see a movie tonight? I feel really drawn to you.” Dylan asked, peering intently at her.

Across the table Shy could see Mel’s eyes narrow and start to chew on her lower lip, absently poking at her food. “I really shouldn’t, I’ve got some homework to catch up on before class tomorrow…” Shy started but Mel butted in.

“Yeah, we’ve got lots of homework and we’re supposed to be meeting up with some guy friend*s* of ours for a study group, you know, *they’re* expecting us…” Mel started.

“But you know what? I could probably go out for some coffee later after I finish studying, in fact, I think it would be a good idea…the guys probably have some other engagements to take care of afterwards anyways,” Shy finished, cutting Mel off this time, shooting her a look.

“That would be great. I can do that. Meet ya at the Diner say around…9:30ish? Does that work?” Dylan asked with a charming grin.

“That would work great for me. See ya then,” Shy replied before Mel could and watched as Dylan said his goodbyes and left. Shy turned back to face Mel and her now cold food and saw that from the look in her eyes, a good old-fashioned griping was coming on.