  There are a class of viruses known as retroviruses which integrate themselves into the host's DNA. Sometimes the viruses are integrated into germ cells and get passed down to descendants. If the virus survives several generations it's known as an endogenous retrovirus. These endogenous retroviruses make up almost 5% of the vertebrate DNA. These viruses can become active and then spread, carrying part of the host's DNA with them. 

*

The powder blue BMW skillfully negotiated the mountain roads. The top was down and a woman's flowing red hair was being whipped by the wind as the car negotiated the mountain roads. Its was a warm fall day, Indian Summer they call in the North East.

Mary was driving her sports car with skill down unfamiliar roads to "Lydia's Lycanthrope Lair." Mary was turning 35 and was in full mid life crisis mode. She had given up on finding the right man to marry and settle down with, so she tried what her colleagues at the prestigious DC lobbying firm had done. She bought a sports car. They tended toward the Italian racers, but something in the German precision spoke to her.

When tearing around 495 and through the Shenandoah Valley were no longer exciting she sought solace in new age beliefs. She had been a hippie chick for all of about a week in high school when she realized that she hated the body hair that insisted on growing on her arms legs and pussy. She picked up the razor again and never put it down.

Her dabbling in the new age was not as involved now. Externally, she was still the hard ass lobbyist with the low cut top and briefcase of numbers who would happily explain the importance of the US relationship with Tel Aviv(never Jerusalem, too divisive) or how bad the oppression in Kurdistan is. She still meticulously shaved every inch of her body below the neck and wore severe suits and a pearl necklace the dripped down between her décolletage. She had started with yoga for fitness and massages to relax, then she was sold on Himalayan salt treatments and eventually crystals. Most recently she had begun meditation classes at the recommendation of her cardiologist. Something to ease the stress he had told her.

After the classes she had expressed to her guru her frustrations. She hadn't had a good lay in months. She was in a rough spot with it as well. Once you slept with a Senator, they all expected it, after that it was congressman and then senior staffers. She huffed, once they start fucking you literally, they start fucking you metaphorically. She once heard a story in a bar on K street about a 25 year old who pulled a train on the appropriations subcommittee and got nothing for it but a raging case of herpes. The poor girl was doing legal aide in Peoria now, at least that was the story. She feared it more than she believed it.

She couldn't fuck her peers either, they either were afraid of her or didn't trust her. The only other option was to rape one of the boys in the mail room. They seemed to enjoy it but became to clingy. They were twenty something pretty boys good for an occasional fuck but nothing more. She understood now why businessmen fucked their secretaries.

She breathed a heavy sigh and let go of the stress. The drive up 15 to Gettysburg had been nice, but Harrisburg struck her as a low rent DC. Now she was in northern Pennsylvania, what James Carville had so endearingly termed "Pennsyltucky". Some place up here was what her yogi told her was the answer to her stresses. A mystical place where werewolves were real, where there was passionate animal sex, not with actual animals of course. At least that is what she hoped.

She was so lost in thought that she almost missed the turn. The road she had been on was a tiny side mountain road, what she turned up was barely a dirt driveway. There was grass growing in the middle and she was sure that she would have to back all the way down if she met oncoming cars. She carefully drove up the path, hoping she wouldn't scrape bottom. She reached the top of the hill and passed an open field with a small farm house and an old barn. The road continued on and she smiled as the autumn sun beat down on her face. 

Further down the road she passed a rundown single-wide trailer with an abandoned tricycle and children's pool in front of it. Finally she reached her destination. It was a large victorian house, the kind that would be the largest house in town in any of the thousand small towns that dotted the northeast. It was the type of house that would have been turned into bed and breakfast years before. Lydia's Lycanthrope Lair was a bed and breakfast, but one with very special beds, beds that were warmed by living breathing werewolves.

Mary hadn't believed it at first of course. Werewolves were just a think of movies and legend. They weren't real, then she saw the pamphlet. There was a lot of technobabble that she didn't understand but it was full of words that she recognized as real and important, "endogenous", "non-transmissible retrovirus", and "heritable." She didn't fully understand the meaning but had enough of grasp from various GMO lobbying efforts to realize that the words were being used in the 'totally safe but lawyers make us them' way and not in the 'this will give you super cancer with tumors inside of tumors way but the business people are making us sell it' way. With that realization she was intrigued.

Mary pulled her car into a section of gravel in front of Victorian house and threw it into park. She popped the trunk and grabbed a weekend bag full of clothes that she didn't intend to wear. She planned to spend the entire weekend naked, in sexual congress with various para-human beings. 

Inside of the front door was a small registration desk with a bell. She stood in front of it for half of minute and then rang it.

A young woman in a plain blue dress came out and smiled. She was about 25 with long brown hair and a generous bosom. Her broad smile showed off pronounced incisors.

"Hi, welcome, I'm Lydia, though I suppose that you expected that. You are Mary right?"

Mary smiled. "Yes."

"Good, don't worry about your privacy or sharing, you are the only guest this weekend. Let me give you a bit of background and then a guided tour. At dinner you will meet the staff and well." Lydia smiled coyly.

Lydia glanced at Mary's small duffle, "Is this all of your luggage?"

Mary nodded.

"Just leave it here and Steve will take it up."

A large shaggy dog that was lying in a dog bed behind the podium stood up at hearing 'Steve' and walked over. Steve nuzzled Lydia's knee and she bent down and kissed him on the snout and scratched him behind the ears. "She is staying in the princess suite, take her bag up."

Steve was a mutt with a sturdy build, obviously a lot of working dog in him. He had grey hair that was about an inch long. Too long to be a short hair and too short to be a long. 

"Steve? Like the man in the brochure?"

"One in the same. Right now he is in the canine section of his cycle. If you were here 6 months ago, I would have been curled up in the bed and he would have greeted you at the door."

"Six months? How long is he going to be a dog."

"Steve usually runs 5 months human, 5 months dog with about a month of transition between cycles. He likes to joke he only feels fully human for one week a year."

"A month!" Mary's hopes of watching a transformation or being fucked during a transformation were dashed.

"This is science not magic. There are stories in the family records about people who transitioned in the course of a week, but the description was horrific. Even at a month it's an excruciating process. The bones break and reshape. Hair grows and falls out and then starts growing again and teeth are just a nightmare. Come with me. Jason is about a week into changing to his canine form."

Lydia led Mary down the hall and out the back door. Mary gaped at the sight. The house was situated on the top of a rise, there was a field of grass running down to some woods that seemed to go on forever. She counted three ranges of mountains in the distance and each of the was nothing be forest.

"We back up onto state game lands. The big game is out of season so there is no one in the woods." Lydia walked down toward the wood line and to a small cabin that was little more than a garden shed. Lydia opened the door a little bit and peeked inside then threw open the door for Mary to see.

The smell hit her first. It was sickening. It smelled like fear and pain and death. There were bits of flesh on the floor and a shriveled hairy hand poking out from under a blanket.

There was a moan and the shape under the blanket shifted. Mary turned her head away, afraid to look.

"You said it was science?"

"Originally it was thought to be a curse. There are a few stories of people being hung for witchcraft. Around the 1850 my ancestor settled down and managed to keep it a secret long enough to have a family who could help him hide it." 

Lydia closed and locked the door to the shed and started back up to the house. Mary stared at Lydia's shapely backside and looked back up at the house. The porch wrapped all the way the victorian house. There were balconies overlooking the woods and what appeared to be a large hot tub on the back porch. She wondered if she could enjoy that view knowing what was going on in the shed.

Lydia continued talking in a dreamy state. "We are all related to him, but we are barely related to each other. Our parents passed the stories and if anyone manifested symptoms they were sent here. There are a dozen of us going through our cycles. We decided that we needed a bit more social contact."

Lydia walked into the house and led Mary into the living room. There were several large soft sofas some with towels for the dogs to lie on. 

"Would you like something to drink? We have beer, wine, or something harder if you'd like." Lydia offered.

"Red wine would be nice." Mary said sitting down on one of the sofas. Steve padded in and laid his head on her lap. She started to scratch him under his chin and he gave a happy whimper and rolled onto his back. She started to rub his belly as his cock stiffened and came out of it sheath. Mary looked down at his red pecker and touched it. She had never been with an animal before and she wasn't sure. Then again, this was Steve, the handsome man in the brochures. She wrapped her hand around it and started to stroke it.

The cock was hot in her hand. It was bright red with a pointy tip. At the base there was a swelling of what would be his knot when he was fully in his bitch. She traced her finger around the peehole at the tip and Steve twitched in pleasure.

Lydia handed her a glass of wine. "This was Steve's idea, really. He knew that there were people who fetishized sex with animals but didn't want it to be abuse. When I first came here, frightened and afraid in a dog crate he was the one who welcomed me, who made me feel welcome."

Mary took a sip and kept stroking Steve's penis. She was amazed at how different it was from a normal man's penis. She started to stroke it faster and Steve started to pant. She could feel herself getting excited. This wasn't like anything that she had ever done before. It was strange and mystical and different.

Steve tensed and yipped and ropes of white cum shot out and covered his furry belly. Mary stared down at the bit that was on her hand with curiosity. His cock was still hard and the knot was fully swollen. Mary wondered what it would feel like to have that inside of her. How full she would feel. It looked to be the size of a tennis ball.

"Go ahead and taste it if you like. It's not bad."

Mary licked her hand and was pleased with the taste but her face wrinkled and she pursed her lips when she realized what she had just done.

"I've done it a hundred times and still occasionally feel remorse. The bathroom is around the corner."

Mary quickly dashed off and washed her hands. When she got back Lydia had her skirt up and another large shaggy dog was hungrily lapping at her bald pussy. Steve was lying on his back asleep, one leg kicking.

"Steve always falls asleep right afterwards. This is Candy, as a dog she loves licking pussy. A bit too shy about it when she is a human. How about you give it a shot."

Mary smiled and unzipped her skirt and lowered her panties and sat down on the floor. She spread her legs and then rubbed her pussy. There was a bright red landing strip of hair pointing down to soft smooth lips. She spread her lips and the smell of her excitement filled the room. "Candy, would you mind?"

Candy walked over and started licking her. The large warm tongue stroked her from asshole to clit and then back in long quick strokes. 

Candy was much the same type of mutt as Steve was, similar build, a little more slight, but unlike Steve she was a uniform chocolate brown. She also had the same strange intermediate length hair.

Mary sighed in contentment. It was some of the best pussy licking she had had from a man or a woman in quite a long time. Then a thought hit her, "Isn't it weird having sex with family?"

"We aren't that related. Good records are the only way that we know. Candy there is my fourth cousin. If you came from a town of less than 100,000 people odds are you lost your virginity to a fourth cousin or closer."

Mary was getting close and started to scratch Candy's head. Her fingernails were running through the bristly fur. It felt so nice in her hands. Candy started to lick harder and her nose pressed against her clit. She grabbed Candy's floppy ears and pulled. Candy's tongue dug into her vagina, tasting her farther in than anyone had before.

Mary felt her pussy spasm as the rest of her body relaxed and her juices flowed freely. The additional liquid sped up Candy's ministrations as if she couldn't get enough. Candy was a woman dying of thirst in the desert. Mary felt a wave of pleasure roll over her followed by another one. She gasped and shuddered as another wave hit it. Candy kept going. Mary wondered when it would stop. All her previous lovers had given up well before her third. 

"Oh..." Mary sighed. Her eyes closed and she threw her arms back and grabbed the sofa. She arched her back lifting her pussy up and pressing it into Candy's snout.

"AAAHHH!!!!" She started to scream, the pleasure was so intense. She started to push Candy off of her and Lydia can to her rescue pulling the eager mutt off.

"Candy, that's enough! You remember when I did it to you."

Candy yelped assent and turned a slimy baleful face to Mary and barked something that sounded amazingly like, "Sorry."

Mary smiled. "It's okay, wonderful really, just a bit much." Mary took Candy's head in her hands and gave her a kiss on the snout. The dog's snout smelled like pussy. Candy licked Mary's face and wandered off.

"It's amazing, do you guys do nothing be have sex?" 

"Something like that. We do some work from home but for the most part we are supported by relatives. We live a quiet life in the country. We don't really have much interaction with the outside world. The past couple of years we have started bringing people like you in."

"Any idea of the cause?"

"Of course, long ago it was thought to be a curse. Later when evolution caught on it was thought to be a vestigial trait, about a decade ago we came up with the theory that it was actually a virus that had inserted itself into our DNA. Don't worry there is no sign that it's contagious. We have 150 years of evidence."

Mary heaved a sigh of relief but still seemed nervous.

"It passes down to children only, there has never been a spouse or lover who contracted the illness. There are ten of us alive today out of thousands of possible victims."

Mary moved onto the sofa and sipped her wine. This was all so wild and wonderful. She was naked from the waist down and feeling strange about it, but her pussy was still oozing and throbbing from the licking it had taken.

Lydia stripped off her dress and sat completely naked next to Mary. She took one of Mary's hands and rested it on her breast. "Recently with DNA testing we identified it as a Canine Endogenous Retrovirus. It was a disease that dogs carry buried deep in their genome that jumped to an ancestor of ours. When it did carried sections of the dog DNA with it. The virus lies inactive for months or years, even lifetimes and then suddenly breaks out, and when it does, it brings the canine DNA out with it."

"So you call this CERV?" Mary asked pronouncing it curve.

"Biology is full of backronyms. It's still our curse, now it's just Canine Endogenous Retrovirus Syndrome."

Mary smiled. "That is a sexy acronym. I could get you funding. I could get you millions to study this."

"We don't need it studied or want it studied at this point. We've come to peace with it. We're supported by family, we have entertainment and each other. The only problem we possibly have is if we all change at once, and if that does happen there are people lined up to com take care of us. We're fine."

"If you change your mind, let me know. I can get you millions."

Lydia smiled, "I may just take you up on that. Get a shower. Come down to dinner naked. You might get a surprise under the table. After we eat you can decide to spend the rest of the weekend."

Mary went up to her room and stripped off the rest of her clothes. The bathroom had a large clawfoot tub that had a show overhead. She stepped into the shower and let the hot water flow over her. She rubbed her pussy with a washcloth to get the dog slobber off. She wondered what it would be like to fuck a dog. This would be her chance to try out something completely forbidden. It might not be having sex with an actual animal but it was as close as she could come legally and morally.

In the shower she quickly shaved. As she stepped out and dried, she wondered what would turn the werewolves on the most and was flummoxed. She decided to go with no perfume at all, hoping that the natural scent of her arousal would suffice.

When she got down to the dining room there was Lydia, Candy and Steve along with a man that looked a lot like Steve, so much so that they could be brothers. Both Lydia and the man were naked as well. Lydia looked down at his penis and saw that it was more than adequate to meet her needs. He was only semi erect and obviously used to being naked. On the table was a sumptuous meal of roast beef and vegetables.

"Hi, I'm Carl" the man said extending his hand. Mary shook his hand and felt it was warm strong and rough. The hands of a man who knew how to use his hands. She wondered how they would feel on her. She had an idea. She knew that this whole facility and staff was at her disposal.

Mary took Carl's hand and placed it on her left breast. He squeezed the soft with confidence, holding the flesh. Then his fingers slid ever so slightly and he pinched her nipple. She took his other hand and placed it on her right ass cheek. He squeezed her ass pulling the soft cheeks apart. His middle finger found her asshole and rested lightly on it. He pulled her closer to him and his now erect penis. She felt it push against her belly. She licked his throat and chin, then stood on tip toes to kiss his nose. As she lowered down she felt his cock trapped between her thighs pressing against her smooth pussy.

"Maybe later." She said and turned away toward her seat and sat down.

Carl walked toward the head of the table with an obvious erection. Lydia smiled, and said, "We serve family style here." She gestured towards chairs and Steve and Candy climbed up. She then sat down and Mary did as well. Carl remained seated and started to carve the roast beef. He lay slices down on everyones plates and then followed up with a scoop of vegetables. Steve and Candy eyed the plates greedily. When Carl finished he sat down and started cutting into his food. The two canines started to devour the food ravenously.
