 Mary is a weekend guest at Lydia's Lycanthrope Lair. A B&B staffed by werewolves. Werewolves who alternate human and canine over the course of a year not a night.

Mary stared at the breakfast basket that was in her room. She contemplated sharing it with Steve and Candy but at this point she wanted more human companionship. Someone she could talk to about what had happened. Mary took the basket and walked down to join Lydia in the hot tub. There was a low fog over the valley, barely obscuring the small shack. She heard a sad moan coming from that direction, but it was immediately drowned out by the sound of the bubbles.

Mary poured herself a mimosa as she eased down into the tub. "The view is incredible. It's too bad that it's in the middle of nowhere."

"We're 4 hours from NY, Philly or DC. It's there if we ever want it, but honestly is it really worth it?"

Lydia slid closer, her breasts bouncing at the water line. "The only thing I really missed is having people around, but now, well..." She smiled and slid closer until her thighs were touching Mary's.

Mary leaned back her long red hair hanging off the edge of of the hot tub. She lifted an arm out of the water and rested it around Lydia's shoulder and took another sip of the drink. "I could really get used to this." She said with a coprophagus grin.

The two women watched the sun come up and burn the fog out of the valley. The watched the dew melt off the grass. They sat and they drank until the champagne and orange juice was gone. They drank until the bottle Carl dropped off to keep them going was empty.

Lydia stood up and said, "Come with me." She took Mary's hand and led her out of the hot tub. When Mary stepped out, Lydia offer her a pair of sandals, She lifted one of Mary's feet and slid the sandal on planting a kiss on her pudenda as she did so. Mary lifted the other foot and Lydia placed a sandal on it and then gave Mary's puss another kiss.

Lydia slipped on her own pair of sandals and then grabbed a small bag. The two women started to walk down the hill together, carefully avoiding the shack with the strange moaning. 

The autumn sun was hot on Mary's pale skin and she was afraid of burning. It was only a couple of minutes though until they were into the dappled light of the forest and Mary was almost feeling chilled. 

They walked along hand in hand. Mary finally broke the silence, "So what is it like being a dog?"

"Weird, you don't really remember being a person entirely. You know that aren't a dog but at the same time you aren't quite human. It's hard to read or think clearly. The basic animal instincts take over. When I'm a dog, all I want to do is eat, run and fuck. I would lick my pussy for hours on end."

"Sounds wonderful."

"The best part of being a dog. The funny thing is that I didn't appreciate it the same way that I do when I am me. It's like scratching an itch. It's nice but not wonderful."

The two women walked along in silence and Mary marveled at how unusual it was to be naked outside, but at the same time how natural it was. She wanted to cover up but at the same time she didn't because of how free Lydia was with it.

The path was well maintained and wide enough for the two women to walk abreast. The leaves were beginning to change but they still blocked out the sun. As the path wound down the hill it came to a small babbling stream. A stream that was a bit to wide to jump across but only ankle deep.

The path then started up hill slightly following the creek. The burbling sounds were strangely hypnotic.

"It's so beautiful here."

"It's something that we miss as canines really. The colors flatten out, smells and sounds are more intense but get overwhelming. You can't really enjoy the beauty. We're coming up on my favorite spot."

The forest opened up to a meadow with a large pond in the middle. The creek was blocked off with a jumble of logs and branches which Mary recognized as a beaver dam. In the middle of the pond was the beaver's lodge, a small mound of dirt and sticks. Lydia stepped out of her shoes and stepped into the water.

Mary took off hers and stepped in. The ground was soft and spongy, slightly muddy but incredibly soft and smooth. She took a few more steps and realized that her toes were beginning to sink into the mud. 

When Lydia was about knee deep she lay down into the water diving across it. Mary got out a bit deeper and followed suit, reveling about how the water felt flowing over her bare skin. It was so wonderful to be swimming in the warm water of the beaver pond without any clothes. Even though fall was well upon them the shallow pool was warm. Mary swam with long strong strokes. her hands brushing the bottom of the pond. Lydia was already on the other side and Mary raced to catch up. 

The far side of the pool was a muddy flat. Lydia lay upon it just barely sinking into the surface. Mary tried to stand and walk but ended up sinking thigh deep in the thick mud.

"Lie back. Just sort of float."

Mary did and was surprised how the mud seemed to lift her up. She lay back on it and then pushed over to Mary. The mud was soft and sticky and clung to her flesh of her legs, and she loved it. It was so wonderful to feel the warm stickiness sliding off of her. When she was floating safely on her back she pushed over to Mary. The two women held hands as they baked in the warm sun. 

Lydia did a full roll and stopped back on her back covered head to toe in mud. Mary followed her example and was similarly coated. As the mud dried on her skin she realized how much it served to block the sun. The sun dried the mud on her skin and Mary stated to think about the way that she looked with the mud caked on her skin and her hair matted into a mess. She wondered if this was how Eve felt in the garden. The mud tightened against her skin as the sun warmed her. She thought of expensive mud treatments and IR lamps. She had spent thousands for a spa treatments that had the same effect, but this was all natural and she loved it.

The two women crawled out of the mud and lay down on the soft grass. The sun was warm and soft on their skin. "I could stay here forever, if I didn't have to work."

"It is nice." Lydia said rolling over. The two women fell asleep and when they awoke clouds had rolled in. 

Mary woke to Lydia shaking her shoulders. "Come on, it's going to rain." Mary looked up and saw that the sky was significantly darker. Lightning danced across the sky and large heavy drops of rain started to fall from the sky.

The warm dirt caked on Mary's skin quickly turned in to cold mud. The two women picked up their sandals and started to run up the trail. By the time they got up to they were soaked and muddy.

Carl was waiting on the porch. He was wearing a pair of overalls and a straw hat. The two women were cover in mud and goosebumps and shivering. They were making a beeline for the hot tub.

"Fuck no." Carl said blocking them. You are not getting in there. Last time it almost killed the pump.

Mary smiled and grabbed Carl and pulled him into the rain. She pulled his overalls down and was pleased to be greeted by his naked cock. She rubbed her mudslick body against his and reveled in the warmth. The warmth spread to her pussy and soon it wasn't only her skin that was wet. She grabbed Carl's cock and guided it into her pussy.

His hands reached up and pinched nipples. She moaned as he pinched and squeezed her breasts. The rain was falling down on her, dissolving the mud into rivulets that ran down her body and puddled on Carl's torso. She rested her hands on his taut chest feeling his muscles under her hands. She rocked forward and then back relishing the feeling of his cock working in and out of her pussy.

She ran her hands down her body, collecting the mud and then rubbed it onto his chest. She rocked forward sliding her hands up to his face covering it in mud. She loved the feeling of his cock filling her as she rocked back. She squeegeed mud from her hair and spread it across his bare chest.

Mary sighed in rapture as her pussy contracted around Carl's cock. She stood up and started to walk towards the house, leaving Carl's unsatisfied cock erect in the rain.

"Over here!" Lydia called indicating an outdoor shower. Mary dashed over and felt the warm water mix with the cold rain warming her up.

"Most outdoor showers are ambient only, but we use it so much I convinced Carl to upgrade ours." The two women rubbed and soaped each other, stripping off the layers of mud that encrusted them. Lydia's hands gently eased the remainder of the mud off of Mary's body. The two women moved their faces closer together then slowly kissed. Lydia's hands connect to the small of Mary's back and then moved down and cupped her ass. The water rolled down off of her taking the mud with her. 

Mary was getting cleaner but felt progressively more dirty. Her tongue darted into Lydia's mouth. Their tongues danced as Lydia gripped Mary's ass. Her hands spread Lydia's ass. Lydia felt something else. There was something hard pressing against her asshole. Mary smiled and pushed back and felt Carl's hard cock slide in.

Carl's cock felt wonderful in her pussy as Lydia's tongue probed her mouth and her hand worked her pussy. It was feeling wonderful and she was on the verge of cuming again. She heard Carl's breathing speed up. Mary knew he was close to filling her cunt with his sperm. She stopped and turned to face him. She grabbed his cock and placed her lips against his.

His cock was warm and hard in her hand. She could feel her cunt juices on it as she stroked him. Her breasts pressed against his chest and she felt her erect nipples pressing against him. "Tell me," she asked breaking the kiss, "Do you fuck Candy?"

Carl nodded dumbly. Mary bit his lip, kissed him then said. "I... want... to... watch..." accenting each syllable with a firm squeeze and a yank on his cock.

The three of them walked into the house with Mary leading Carl by the dick. She was very careful to keep him aroused but not not close to coming. Steve walked up and sniffed Mary's crotch. She patted his head and said, "Maybe later, go get Candy. I want to watch right now."

Steve padded off in search of Candy while Mary kept stroking Carl's dick in a slow steady pattern. Candy walked into the room. She was large for a dog with longish soft brown fur. Her body shape was pure mutt. There wasn't anything well defined about it.

"Candy, I want to watch Carl fuck you. Are you okay fucking your cousin?"

Candy barked enthusiastically and presented herself to Carl. She backed up towards him with her tail lifted.

Mary smiled and dragged Carl by the cock over to Candy. She pulled down and Carl lowered to his knees. She pulled harder and Carl walked on his knees over to the waiting Candy.

When Carl got close to Candy he started to rub her neck and ears. Mary guided Carl's dick to Candy's waiting vagina. She rubbed his head against it noticing how close it was to her ass. As Carl's cock brushed Candy's ass it twitched. Obviously Candy didn't like it in the butt. 

When the cock was lined up Carl pushed forward and slid in. Mary found a sofa to watch the action. She spread her legs and propped up her heals. With her right hand she started to rub her clit while her left fingers started to work there way in and out.

She was fascinated by the way that Carl pushed his cock into Candy. It wasn't like a man fucking a woman. It was slower more deliberate. Candy responded best when Carl was all the way in. She whimpered slightly as he was pulling out. She really wanted his cock deep in her.

Carl started to narrate. "You can't believe what this feels like. Her cunt is so hot and wet. She squeezes me with every push. I feel like I am going to cum but she holds me too tightly. Oh..."

Carl is buried all the way in at this point and he pauses then pulls back. "She doesn't squeeze me rhythmically like a normal woman does. It's a hot vice that traps me and tries to milk my cum out." Carl had his hands on Candy's furry haunches. It looked to Mary like he really was fucking a dog, but she had to keep reminding herself that 6 months ago their positions were reversed and Carl was the canine and Candy was the human being mounted by what looked like to all the world to be a dog.

Carl groans as the head of his cock is the only thing in Candy. Lydia positions herself between Mary's thighs and starts to lick her pussy. Mary takes her left hand out of her pussy and begins to massage her nipples with it. Her right hand is still running frantic circles around her clit. She feels so close to cuming as Lydia explores her labie.

It is the hottest thing that she has ever seen, this man having sex with an woman. It turns her on seeing how owned the woman is. How possessed Candy is by Carl. He could collar her, leash her, tie her up and no one would say a thing and here he is just fucking her.

She felt a small wave of pleasure surge over her. She knew she was close to cumming and that this might be it for her. She was going to fall asleep or pass out after and orgasm this intense. The pleasure grew and she saw herself as Candy. She wanted to know what it was like to be the dog being fucked, to be covered with fur and the only unmffled sensation was the cock in her cunt.

She grunted and Carl slid back in. "She is so tight right now. I can feel her clamping down on me. She doesn't want me to pull out but that makes it harder to get in. I can't take it." 

He grabbed Candy's hips and forced himself all the way in. From the way he grunted and then relaxed Mary knew that he was cumming. She thought how it must feel down on all fours to feel that inside of her. What it must smell like in this room with all the sex going. Even as a human the smell was arousing and intense. Her fingers circled her clit once last time and she arched her back. It was an orgasm beyond belief. As the wave washed over her she knew how Candy had felt. She knew how Carl had felt, the tight pussy surrounding her penis the fur against his hands and thighs. She knew what was going though Lydia's mind with a mouth full of pussy, wanting to satisfy and yet not worrying about being satisfied. She touched the mind of God.

Lyida woke the next morning in bed with Candy and Steve next to her. She smilled at the smell of their fur and her pleasure from the night before. As she checked out she gave Lydia a peck on the cheek and asked, "Same time next year?"

"I'll pencil you in."