 The way Lyra and I met was strange. I've never heard anyone with a more unusual story, but you can't make this shit up. (Actually, you can.)

My name is Jonathan, Jon for short. I recently graduated from college and I'm enrolled in a program to advance my goal to have a career in Public Safety. Public Safety awareness has become enhanced by the almost daily headlines of the tensions between world powers and the development of nuclear weapons and intercontinental missiles by unstable governments. Part of the curriculum is training in the management and operation of public shelters. The instructors believe that before you can properly manage a public shelter you should understand, and experience, the feelings and emotions of the people forced to use them in an emergency.

So, on a quiet Thursday afternoon, thirty of us were herded into a space large enough for twelve, told to lie down to reduce our profiles from any possible mayhem and to squeeze tightly together to make room for everyone. We had been told the loss of personal space would be uncomfortable but necessary for us to experience since we had to be sympathetic with the strangers we would have to manage in an actual emergency.

I ended up on my side, spooned against the back of a smaller woman also on her side. Before the instructors had been able to close the shelter door, we had been forced closer together several times. Lyra, that was the name she whispered to me, suggested I move my left arm under her neck instead of having it pinned against the floor between us and to put the other one over her body to make more room. I got my left arm unpinned and under her neck and when I raised my right arm over her, she took it and held it tightly against her body, allowing us to get even closer together.

Except for the breathing of the thirty bodies in the small space, there was no sound until I sensed a slight humming, or vibration. I spent some time trying to understand the source of the "sound." I stole a couple of peaks at my fellow refugees and determined no one else seemed to hear or be bothered by the vibration I was feeling. I was sure it was a local phenomenon, probably from Lyra. It was confirmed when Lyra moved slightly and placed my hand on her smallish, but firm, breast. The "sound" that I could neither hear, nor feel, increased significantly.

Later, when our captors had released us from our prison, Lyra approached me and asked if I would like to have a light supper with her. Curious about her, and the mystical vibrations, I gladly accepted.

Over supper in a nearby vegetarian café, Lyra and I talked lightly about our experiences with the training. Lyra asked if I had been uncomfortable during the shelter drill. I explained that I was not uncomfortable but more uneasy crunched up behind her. I had no way of knowing how she would handle the obvious sexual nature of our contact. I explained I was pleasantly surprised when she eased my discomfort by placing my hand on her breast.

Lyra looked at me with a sly smile. "It seemed the least I could do since you seemed to be trying to get as close as the instructors wanted but still leave some space so as not to offend me."

"Thanks for that. You're right. I didn't quite know how to handle it. You definitely made it easier and more pleasant. However, I'm still puzzled by the vibrations I sensed while we were together."

"Oh my God! You felt them too? I get them whenever I'm touched by a man. I thought I was the only one who sensed them."

"I'm glad I'm not the only one," I responded. "I couldn't figure out what it was or where it was coming from. I kinda felt it without actually feeling anything and I kinda heard it without actually hearing anything. I knew you were somehow involved when you moved my hand."

"They are very comfortable and soothing once you get used to them," she said. "You're the only man who's mentioned them to me. Up to now, I wondered if anyone else felt them."

"You're right. They seemed to make everything alright while we were pressed together."

"Yeah, but I still can't figure out where they come from. They're very mysterious."

"Maybe even supernatural," I offered.

"Jon, you're a nice guy and I sense you're curious too. Would you be willing to experiment with me about these vibrations?"

"I'm inclined to say yes, but are you sure? I think the experiments will lead to a lot of physical contact up to and including sex. Are you really OK with that?"

"I was my idea. I made the offer, and yes, I'm fully aware of the ramifications and even look forward to them."

"OK. I'm in. When would you like to experiment?"

"How about now, tonight? That is, if you don't have other plans."

"Lead on darlin'. I'm in your hands for a long as it takes."

I paid our tab and Lyra led me outside where she began to look for a cab.

"Lyra, I have a car. Just tell me where to go."

Ten minutes later we were parked outside a relatively new, six story condominium building. Lyra led me through a shinning foyer to the single elevator and pressed the button for the sixth floor. The top floor was smaller than the others and had a single apartment. Inside was an immaculate, spacious two-bedroom suite with floor to ceiling glass on the back wall with a view all the way to the river and access to what appeared to be a rooftop patio on three sides. The apartment was furnished in a modern style popular in the 1970's, with a kitchen, dining area and a large common room with a sixteen-foot ceiling and clearstory windows. Everything was neat and nothing seemed excessive. Lyra appeared to have everything she needed and nothing she didn't.

"Nice," I couldn't help myself saying.

"Thank you. Let me show you the rest of the place."

She led me to a short hallway, past a small powder room, and into a bedroom. The room was huge with a king sized bed with a long chest at the foot, both men's and women's dressers, a love seat sized sofa and a table with a mirror over it. A rather large flat screen TV hung on the wall parallel to the foot of the bed and a rather large audio system was on a bench below it. Nothing was out of place and nothing was visible that shouldn't be.

Adjacent to the bedroom was the largest bathroom I'd ever seen with an over large soaking tub large enough for two and a glass shower enclosure with two shower heads and room for at least four. A counter with two sinks and more cabinets than my kitchen completed the furnishings. At the far end was a door that I assumed led to a walk in closet.

Lyra told me there was another bedroom that she used as a library and home office but she didn't show it to me.

She led me back to the bedroom and said, "Well, here we are."

"Don't you think we should talk a little? Maybe formulate a plan?"

"Actually, I think it's pretty basic. In the interest of adhering to the scientific method, we need to establish a baseline and then systematically change the parameters and observe the results."

"OK. What is the baseline and how do we get it?"

"The baseline is where we were this afternoon. We should get back into that position and carefully catalogue that experience."

"You mean write it down?"

"I don't think that's necessary. What we experienced was pretty ethereal. I think we might spend more time trying to find the right words to describe it than documenting. I think we each have to focus on and remember what we feel and compare it to later experiments. We might also share some thoughts on what we feel to see if the experiences are similar."

Lyra then began to fold down the covers on the bed. "Give me a hand here?" she asked.

I went to the other side of the bed and mirrored her actions until we had the covers neatly folded on the foot of the bed. We lifted the folded covers onto the chest.

Lyra kicked off her shoes and climbed into the center of the bed. "Don't just stand there. Get up her with me."

I kicked off my shoes and climbed next to her. She rolled on her side. I moved up behind her, slid my left arm under her neck and spooned her with my knees under her backside. Lyra gripped my right arm and pulled it over her body. "Now just be quiet," she said, "and listen. Clear your mind of any other thoughts. Don't analyze, just record. We'll come back later and share."

After a few minutes, Lyra took my hand and placed it on her breast again. We lay together like that for what seemed like five or six minutes, but I can't be sure as I was someplace else, enjoying the sounds and feelings from the afternoon again.

Eventually, Lyra moved away from me and rolled up on her side with her head supported on her right hand. "Well, did you get a baseline?" she asked.

"I think so. It was exactly the same as this afternoon. There was a soft humming. I couldn't tell if I was hearing it or feeling it."

"Good. Was it the same the entire time?"

"No. It changed when you put my hand on your breast."

"How so? Could you describe the change?"

"Well it's hard to describe the hum let alone the change it made. It got stronger. Maybe louder? No. That's not right. It changed pitch. It got higher."

"Great! That sounds exactly what I sensed. Now we have to do it again, except this time naked."

"Naked? That's a pretty big change of parameters."

"Yep, but anything in between doesn't make sense to me."

"You're probably right."

Lyra immediately hopped out of bed and began to remove her clothing. I did the same. When she was naked she climbed back into bed and resumed her previous position. I hesitated and Lyra asked, "Are you coming?"

I climbed into bed behind her and spooned against her again. We cuddled close with her holding my hand against her stomach. The vibrations began immediately only they were different somehow this time. They may have been louder. I couldn't tell.

After a few minutes Lyra moved my hand to her breast. Her breast was small but it felt wonderful, round and firm with a prominent nipple. I was distracted for a few seconds until I reminded myself that I was supposed to be focusing on the vibrations. They were different again. It was no longer just a vibration. They seemed to have some structure. Almost musical. I tried moving my fingers on her breast and the humming changed with my movement. I felt that I could almost control the tone with my fingers. It was a similar sensation to playing an instrument.

After several minutes, Lyra rolled away from me and resumed the position facing me with her head in her hand. "Well?" she asked.

I described what I had felt.

"That's almost identical to what I was feeling," she offered. "You weren't supposed to move and I almost stopped you when you moved your fingers, but I sensed a change in the hum when you did so I let you continue. Did you feel you could control it?"

"Control isn't the right word. Effect is more accurate. I don't know if repeated movement would have produced the same changes."

"Did your getting an erection have any effect?"

I looked down. I did have an erection. As stupid as it seems, I hadn't noticed. "Lyra, I didn't' realize I had gotten an erection I was so focused on evaluating the sounds. I don't think the sounds produced the erection. Holding your naked breast did and now I can't tell whether the changes were due to the erection or touching you."

"OK," she responded as she rolled back into position in front of me. "Get behind me again and keep that erection."

I squeezed up behind her, reached over and immediately held her breast. My erection was going nowhere and was firmly pressed into her back and the space between her cheeks. The sounds were back and I experimented with moving my fingers on her breast. The sounds responded to my movements and, if I repeated the same finger movements on her breasts the sounds repeated as well. It was as if Lyra's breast was a keyboard connected to the source of the vibrations.

Lyra moved her hips up and lifted her leg slightly. "Help me out here," she whispered.

"What?" I stupidly responded.

"Move down a little."

When I moved my body down my erection moved out, down and rested between her legs. Lyra moved some more until I could feel the tip of my cock touching the entrance to her vagina. I believed I knew what she was attempting to do.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

She hummed, or mumbled something that I took for a yes. I pushed up while Lyra pushed down and I slid easily inside her. She settled down on me as tight as she could and said, "Now don't move. Not even a twitch. Let's see where this takes us."

The sounds became more pervasive. They weren't louder or different in tone but they seemed to be everywhere at once instead of focused. They also changed. They seemed lyrical, beyond just musical. I could sense what seemed like multiple voices singing words in a language I didn't understand.

A few minutes later, I felt a small ripple from Lyra's muscles surrounding my erection and there was a small new sound in the background of the vibrations. We weren't supposed to move and I almost said something to Lyra but didn't when I sensed the change in vibration.

Two or three minutes later Lyra had a second ripple of her muscles. There was something decidedly different with the tones.

Lyra's muscles began to twitch more often and more forcefully. Within minutes her vaginal muscles were squeezing me continuously to the point I don't think I could have moved if I wanted to. Now there was a distinctive sound mixing with the clearly vocal sounds I was experiencing. They sounded and felt like tiny bells, ringing in concert with the voices.

Lyra's actions were having an effect on me. Almost without warning, I came inside her. Nothing forceful or earth shattering. Just a release. The new sounds were definitely bells, harmonizing with the vocals. They were clear and together with the voices produced a harmonic that left me content and almost joyful.

Slowly, Lyra rolled off me again and resumed her position, ready to listen. "Now?" was all she said.

"Lyra, I think what we're experiencing is real. I heard distinct voices, singing with something else in the background, while you were having what I think were small orgasms of you own. When I came inside you, I hope that was OK since I couldn't control it, the voices were joined by bells ringing in harmony with the singers. I was filled with a feeling of peace and an inner harmony of my own."

"Yes! Exactly! You describe what I felt too. I was having small orgasms that built with time. Each one increased my experience of the voices. I heard the bells too. When my orgasms were happening continuously, the bells were clear. When you came, thank you for that, the bells and voices were in perfect harmony. I've never felt that before and I want to feel it again, but right now I need to use the bathroom."

While Lyra was gone I thought about what was happening. When she returned I said, "Lyra I have a theory. Let me try to explain it to you.

"We live in a three dimensional space, four if you count time. I think of time as being universal or dimension zero. The other three are described as height, length, width, or line, plane, volume or left/right, forward/backward, up/down.

"Everything we are is geared to these three dimensions. We have five senses, sight, sound, taste, smell and touch, to help us exist in and experience this three dimensional world. But what if there are more than three dimensions? Scientists have postulated more dimensions since the late 1800's. Scientists have even tried to picture the fourth dimension. A line exists in one dimension. When you move a line in another direction at a right angle you get a square in two dimensions and a square moved in another right angle direction produces a cube in three dimensions. Mathematicians have tried to picture a cube moved at a right angle in still another direction. They even have a name for it, a tesseract.

"Physicists have been trying to explain our universe for a century and the best mathematical descriptions require ten or eleven dimensions.

"If they're right, and there are more than three dimensions then there must be additional "senses" necessary to experience them. Maybe we already have these senses but haven't developed them since we don't need them. I believe some of us have developed some of these capabilities. For example, many of us have a well-developed, unnamed, sense that allows us to intimately experience the passage of time. There are other examples. Extra Sensory Perception, Telekinesis, Teleportation and Telepathy may all be pathways to experiencing other dimensions. I know they're not scientific, but science is locked into using three dimensional thinking and tools to test things in the "real" world. Another example: most of us have experienced a feeling of déjà vu sometime in our lives. Could déjà vu be an expression of ESP?

"I think we've tapped into an undeveloped sense leading to another dimension. For us, sexual contact is the key to opening that doorway. I don't think we're alone in that dimension and what we're hearing are others that inhabit that space. They're speaking in a language we don't understand and our minds are interpreting it as music so it's consistent with our three dimensional world."

"Jeez, that's a lot to consider. I suggest we just scrap the experiment and the scientific stuff and open that door as wide and as often as we can."

"I couldn't agree more."

Lyra took my face in her hands and kissed me. It was the first time we had actually kissed. I felt the vibrations as I kissed her back. She kissed down my body, paying extra attention to my nipples, and then moved lower. In the process she ended up head to tail with me. Soon she was straddling me with her knees on either side of my head. When her kisses reached my penis, I had a perfect view of her pubic area and easy access. As she took me into her mouth, I brought my tongue to her opening. She kissed and sucked. I kissed, sucked and used my tongue to penetrate her. I rose to the occasion and she opened up to me. The music surrounded us and a door started to open.

Lyra played with my anus and I returned the favor. Her body, and the music, responded as I nibbled her clitoris and flipped it side to side with my tongue. She gasped and went stiff for a second before turning around above me, settling over my hips and gently lowering herself until I was deeply inside her.

We moved together and the music kept pace. Lyra arched her back and forced herself down onto me. I felt the rhythmic beating of her muscles as she squeezed my erection repeatedly. I heard the bells as they began to harmonize with the voices.

She moaned softly as a major orgasm took over her body. She wasn't done. She turned around on top of me until I was deeply inside her with her back to me. I sat up behind her, reached around her body and began to move her nipples in time with the music. She began moving around on my erection. The music maintained a perfect harmony with her actions. I felt as if we were floating above the bed.

Without much warning, Lyra changed positions again until she was on her knees and I was on my knees behind her. I was my turn to provide most of the action. I grabbed her hips and pumped back and forth inside her as deeply as I could. A new sound joined the music. It felt like a huge brass gong was being rubbed rather than struck. Its deep tones added extra emotion to the music. We had floated above the ground and high into the air.

We rolled over again until I was on top. I was still plunging my erection into Lyra's incredible body. Lyra lifted her legs so that her knees were up alongside me. I looked down and I could see the outline of my erection on her abdomen as I moved inside her. Lyra's legs went up completely and her body rotated. I was above her leaning into her as I pushed against her over and over. The voices, music, bells and gong became almost orchestral. We flew through the solar system and into deep space.
