 Tor Moraine awoke to the familiar feel of soft lips around his shaft. 

He didn't see who those lips belonged to at first, because the first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was darkness. All he could hear was the sound of sucking. In his groggy state, he thought that Bethe had finished her rounds and returned to his tent to help herself to his cock. Smiling, he took a deep breath, then let out a long, happy sigh. 

"Mrmm. That feels wonderful, Bethe." This was among his favorite ways to wake up. Luxuriating in it, Tor stretched upon the bed. His arms stretched upward and to the side, and his legs stretched on either side of the woman who sucked on him, steadily. Even his toes spread and stretched. 

The lips that had enveloped the fat head of his black cock released it with a sharp pop. "My name's not Bethe, silly!" Immediately after saying that, the mystery woman took his cockhead back into her mouth for more slurping. 

Tor recognized that voice, and it definitely wasn't Bethe's. Sitting up in a rush, he blurted out a command word - "Lux!" The interior of his enchanted tent brightened, immediately, when multiple palm-sized orbs of white light appeared, each one floating near the tops of the wooden poles that held the tent up. Now that he could see, Tor saw that it was, indeed, someone other than Bethe who lay between his legs. 

Right away, he knew to whom the purple hair, the porcelain skin, the petite frame, and the barely-there white shift belonged to. It was the fairy he had tongue-fucked in order to get the dust for his wand of weakness. 

"What?! Zeph?!" 

Zenzephiriil stopped sucking on Tor's dick. "Yep! That's me!" Grinning, she proceeded to lick the tip and the underside of his cock, enjoying it like she would a lollipop. Both of her dainty hands were on the base of his organ, her fingers gradually spreading as the flesh between them became more and more engorged. His pubic hair - which was as white as the shaved hairs on his head as well as the trimmed hairs of his beard - got flattened by her hands. Her pretty, little feet swung back and forth above her ass. 

"How did you find me?!" 

"Easy!" She dragged her tongue along the thick ridge on the underside of his cock, which made Tor shudder. His eyelids fluttered, too. "That stuff you used on me didn't last long. After I woke up, I was able to turn small again, so I flew up into the air and saw you." She raised her hand above her head and used it to depict what it was like to fly through the air. "It was real easy to follow you from up there." 

Zeph's mint green eyes fixated on the meaty treat in her hands. It wasn't quite fully erect, but it sure was getting there. Dark-skinned and glistening with her saliva, it stood up straight and stretched between her little, pale fingers, as though it were reaching for her mouth. Zeph happily resumed licking on it and slurping on it, but not before she said: 

"It was really rude what you did to me earlier, you know! But I forgive you." Zeph proved that there were no hard feelings between them by swirling her tongue round and round his cockhead. His dick swelled in appreciation. 

Tor groaned and fell backwards, his head bouncing on the pillows. "Bethe...ungh...my guard captain could return at any moment. Ugh..." 

Zeph ignored what he said and continued to savor him like a treat. 

If Bethe returned and found what the fairy was doing to him, the result would not be pretty. But what Zeph was doing to him felt more than good. Between caution and pleasure, the mage favored pleasure, so he decided to allow Zeph to continue having her fun with his cock. He could hide the fairy later, after he came. 

Lifting his head, then lifting his upper body with his elbows to the mattress, Tor watched Zeph work. Her eyes were right on his, and her lips curled into a smile as she sucked him. Tor couldn't help but smile back. 

For a while, he watched her use her mouth on him without saying a word. The fairy did not have much in the way of technique, he soon discovered. But what she lacked in oral finesse she more than made up for in eagerness. It was obvious that she enjoyed having her lips around the tip and sliding her tongue up and down his length. 

Zeph reached up to caress his toned, dusky-skinned torso. Her fingers explored the ridges of his abs, his obliques, and his pecs. Tor could tell that she appreciated his body, which turned him on even more. 

Tor didn't realize he was moaning at first. His lips formed a little 'O' when Zeph paused to say something. 

"I saw Bethe do this to you. I could tell you liked it, a lot." Knowing that Zeph watched him and Bethe fuck added to his already tremendous arousal. His dick throbbed in her hands and against her tongue at the mere thought of her voyeurism. 

Giggling, Zeph opened her mouth wide and swallowed him up once more. She was too reckless about it this time, though, and ended up choking when the tip of his tumescent length poked the back of her throat. Her head snapped back in surprise, and for a moment her teeth scraped against his sensitive flesh, which made him cringe. While the fairy coughed and sputtered, the mage checked his dick for any signs of injury. 

Thankfully, everything looked fine down there. Breathing a sigh of relief, Tor lifted his gaze to the fairy's face. She coughed with both of her hands over her mouth, one eye open, one eye clamped shut. Normally, seeing a woman cough was the opposite of attractive, but Zeph made it look cute, somehow. 

"Are you okay?" Tor asked. 

Zeph couldn't answer until her coughing subsided. "Yup!" 

Tor chuckled. "You've got to slow down, sweetling. Tell you what: why don't you take that shift of yours off? Get comfortable. After all, it's not fair that I'm completely naked while you've still got your clothes on." 

"Okay! That makes sense." Zeph rose onto her knees. She did not have to pull her barely-there garment off, for it disappeared on its own. Before the wizard's dark eyes, the thin material broke apart into tiny pieces, then drifted away like dandelion seeds floating upon the wind. 

Tor wasn't impressed by that trick because he, too, knew how to make clothing disappear with a mere thought or a single word. He was, however, quite impressed with what he saw now that the shift was gone. Zenzephiriil had a body that was meant for the softest sort of sin. Her shoulders and her waist were both narrow. Her porcelain neck and limbs looked delicate and delicious. And her breasts not only looked pillowy, they were also larger than one might expect for someone with such a petite frame. 

The wizard's eyes lingered on the fairy's nipples. Her nipples and areolas were the palest of pink. Licking his lips, Tor imagined what they tasted like. He suspected they tasted sweet. 

He crawled backwards until he got into a seated position at the head of the bed. "Come here, Zeph. Make yourself comfortable on my lap. Relax." 

Tor didn't have to ask twice. Before he uttered the second syllable of 'relax', the nude, human-sized fairy crawled up the bed and plopped herself down on his lap. She landed right on top of his dick, pressing it down against his belly. It was a rough landing, but because she was so light, no harm befell him. Not only did it not hurt, but the feel of her silk-soft sex caused his length to throb. Both of them gasped when Tor grabbed her ass and pulled her against him, firmly. Both of them moaned as they began to grind against each other. 

With her face so close to his, Tor decided to take his time with her in spite of the threat of Bethe catching them in the act. No, he would not rush with Zeph this time, not after their first encounter ended so unceremoniously. 

He admired her face. Like the elves, fairies tended to be preternaturally beautiful, and their youth could not be touched by time. In Zeph's case, her beauty mingled with innocence and cuteness. Her purple hair was different than it was when he ate her out in the woods, earlier - much of it was woven into multiple, intricate braids that topped her head, somewhat like a crown. Some of her hair hung down, which was why Tor was able to tuck a few, loose strands behind her ear. 

After soaking in the sweet sight of her, he kissed her. Zeph returned the kiss without hesitation, her enthusiasm for his kiss similar to her enthusiasm for his cock. Whether she realized it or not, she began to grind her sex against his with more urgency. They moaned down each other's throats while Tor savored her candy lips and tongue. 

Their kiss persisted for a long, luscious while. It only ended because the wizard wished to taste her breasts. With a slurp, his mouth left hers, causing her to whine. With another slurp, he took one of her tits into his mouth and began to suck. Zeph ceased whining; she gasped instead. Reaching up, he clutched and lifted the heavy breast his mouth was on. The more and more he sucked on her, the more his lips spread, the more of her tit he gobbled up, and the more Zeph rubbed her crotch against his. 

A keening, high-pitched moan was drawn from the fairy's throat when Tor's oral ministrations shifted to her other breast. With licks and sucking kisses, he moistened her creamy flesh. She dropped her head back and wrapped her thin arms around her human lover's neck. Tor could feel her arms trembling, and he could also feel her pussy getting wetter. It felt as though the whole underside of his cock and even part of his ball sack were covered in her honey-like cream. Encouraged by how turned on she was, Tor popped his mouth off of her tit, pressed a kiss to the front of her neck, then resumed sucking on her bosom. He nibbled on her nipples, too. 

Zeph grew more moist by the moment. She also resumed whining, which Tor interpreted as meaning that she wanted more. The barest hint of a smile tugged on the corners of his lips, which he used to pinch her nipple and tickle her areola. That got her to stop whining for a moment so she could moan and pull on the back of his neck, instead. 

While he tasted and teased her breasts, he once again helped himself to two handfuls of her ass cheeks. Her rear wasn't as plump or as round as Bethe's, but it still felt quite nice. And like her breasts, it was bigger than he expected for one so petite. Of course, her current size was not her natural size, so technically her entire body was bigger than he expected. Laughing quietly at that thought, he gave her ass cheeks a squeeze, and used that grip to make their crotches grind harder. The resulting sounds that Zeph made and the way her body shuddered told him how she felt about the grinding. 

Tor remembered something that Zeph said earlier that night: how she wasn't sure how other fairies used their mouths during sex. That gave him an idea. 

His mouth popped off her tit and he smiled at her. "You know what I'd really like right now, Zeph?" 

The fairy could only answer with a whining moan. 

"I'd like you to put your mouth on me again, down there." Without waiting for her response, Tor slid his hands under her armpits and eased her backwards. Her back landed on his legs. Though she was in a daze, the fairy did not need additional instruction; she flipped over, wrapped the fingers of both hands around his shaft, and lowered her mouth upon him once more. She smooched the tip a few times before sliding it between her pink lips. 

Tor, moaning deep in his chest, scooched his butt down until he lay underneath her. While his cock throbbed within her grasp and within her mouth, he stared at her rump and her sex, which were above and to the left of his head. This was the second time tonight that he got a long, close-up look at her pussy. Once again, he delighted in how pink it was. And because there was more light this time, he could clearly see her nethers moistening, even quivering. 

He could smell her arousal, too. 

Reaching up, Tor closed his fingers upon Zeph's hips, then pulled on her lower body. Without words, he urged her to straddle his head and thus position her pussy directly above his face. The scent of her arousal was so strong and sweet, it made his organ swell. 

Zeph stopped sucking. She looked down. Tor glanced down as well, enjoying the way the fairy appeared to be upside-down from his perspective. He saw past her hanging breasts to her pretty face and the inquisitive expression upon it. 

"What are you doing, silly?" Zeph giggled. 

"I'll show you." 

Tor grabbed her ass again, then pulled her lower body down. Hungry for her honey-flavored sex, he dealt such a sinful kiss to her there. Amidst the sound of sloppy slurping, he stroked her nethers with his lips. She opened up, blossoming like a rose, which encouraged his tongue to peek out and tease the flesh inside of her, too. 

The fairy grunted into his crotch. Overwhelmed, it took Zeph several moments of helpless moaning before she recovered enough to resume twirling her tongue around Tor's staff and sucking on the end of it. 

The fingers around her ass cheeks kneaded that flesh, causing her crack to open and close. From this angle, Tor could easily see into her crack; he noticed that the flesh therein was vaguely pink, which he thought was adorable and appropriately fey. 

He used his tongue to open her pussy up wider. It wiggled side to side, up and down, as it probed her pink secrets as deeply as it could go. Zeph writhed on top of him. She wiggled her ass - and thus wiggled her cunt - above and into his face. As she squealed in delight, her fingers clenched around his thickening shaft, the dainty digits not quite long enough to reach entirely around. Her grip was uncontrolled and a bit painful, but Tor didn't mind - he enjoyed her sweetness and the quivering of her flesh around his tongue too much to mind a touch of pain. 

Tor tongue-fucked her until his tongue became too cramped, which was a long while, indeed. Zeph wiggled her ass and humped his face the entire while. Her oral attention paused on multiple occasions, apparently because she was not yet able to suck him while getting tongue-fucked at the same time. The mage didn't mind that, either; it would be something they could work on through practice. After withdrawing his tongue for a well-deserved break, he sucked on the surface of her sex, then replaced his nimble tongue with an even more nimble finger. 

He pumped that finger in and out of her, repeatedly. After a while, a second finger joined the first, and together they pumped in and out of her while their tips applied persistent pressure to her vagina's front wall. Zeph threw her head back and screamed. If not for the tent's enchantment of silence, the soldiers standing watch outside would have surely heard the fairy's outcries. But for now, their lord's new lover was kept a secret. 

While the mage enjoyed the feel of Zeph's inner flesh clenching his fingers, he dealt sucking kisses to the inside of her thighs. The pressure from his lips was enough to mark her snow-white skin. Particularly proud of one love mark he left on her right leg, he licked it, nibbled on it, and then stared at her pussy while his fingers worked their magic. Her secret flesh was bright pink and oh so wet for him. His fingers were thoroughly coated by her cream. A string of moisture even dribbled down onto his beard. 

Because of the mage's sexual assault, Zeph could do naught but lie atop him, quiver, moan at various volumes, and rest the side of her face against his leg. His cock stood tall right in front of her face, yet she couldn't use her mouth on it; it twitched angrily because of the lack of attention. One of her hands was at the base of the shaft, but it, too, was mostly motionless, except for the occasions when something Tor did with his fingers or his mouth made her squeeze his shaft in response. 

All of a sudden, Tor decided that he wanted a taste of her clit. Twisting and raising his wrist so that it was out of the way of his mouth, he reached for her pretty, pink pearl with his tongue to give it a series of long, circular licks. As he continued to stimulate her insides with his hand, he used the tip of his tongue to apply sweet pressure to the sides of her clit, including its underside. Then he caught it between his lips for a lengthy, steady suck. 

Zeph's orgasm inevitably followed. Trembling from her head down to her toes, she screamed against his crotch. "Oooo aahh!" Her breath tossed the curly white hairs at the base of his twitching, black organ, which was darker than the rest of his body. More of her honey gushed out of her, soaking his fingers, making them sticky. Tor lapped up as much of it as he could drink, but a lot of it splashed upon his face and onto his beard. The aroma of Zeph's ecstasy was as sweet as her taste. 

Tor finger-fucked her for several seconds before he plucked his questing fingers out and replaced them with his mouth. Gleefully, he sucked on her pussy from behind and below. His tongue took a dip inside of her spasming flesh, taking over the quest that his fingers had abandoned. Zeph could do naught but writhe and make a variety of sounds - both loud and soft - on top of him. 

The mage feasted upon her cunt until her writhing and internal quaking began to ease. It was at that moment when he remembered what happened the last time he ate her out - she had passed out on him. Tor's cock throbbed, a silent demand not to let the fairy go to sleep without fucking her, first. 

Tor spanked Zeph's bottom. Although it wasn't as plump as his favorite backsides - like Bethe's - it still jiggled a satisfying amount. Zeph jerked her head up. "Ow!" She giggled right after she said that. "Do that again, please." 

Grinning, Tor obliged and spanked the same cheek. With just two slaps, the pale flesh already began to redden. He spanked her other ass cheek, too. Zeph wiggled her ass and groaned throughout the spanking. 

As he spanked her, Tor couldn't help but stare at her asshole. There would definitely be a time when he would pay direct attention to that part of her body, but now was not that time. 

"You want me inside of you, don't you, Zeph?" 

"Mmm hmm." Moving like a zombie, Zeph pushed herself into a seated position, which shoved her pussy right into his face. Even though he practically suffocated in pussy, he couldn't help but laugh. 

Zeph moved again before Tor got tempted to eat her out once more. She lifted up on her knees, and as she scooted her lower body forward, she leaned her upper body back. Her delicate, little hands landed on Tor's chest, while his bigger, stronger hands found her hips. He helped lift and push her forward so that her cunt could make contact with his rod. The both of them shuddered at that contact. 

Zeph reached down to grab Tor's cock and hold it steady. It throbbed within her grasp, and soon it would throb inside of her body. Racked by trembling that was out of her control, the fairy impaled herself upon him. Her nethers opened up as his fat cockhead pushed between them. They spread wider and wider as her body devoured more and more of him. 

From behind, Tor saw Zeph's head fall back and her face tip up so she could direct her latest outcries toward the ceiling. He understood why the sounds she made were long and keening - he had not yet filled her completely, and it already felt wonderful. Her pussy was so hot and so tight. He felt her slender body open up as much as it could in order to accept him. He also soaked in the sight of her pretty, perky butt and the deep dimples above her cheeks, which turned him on even more. He couldn't help but throb and groan. 

Gripping her narrow waist, he yanked her body down until all of his throbbing mass disappeared inside of her delicate body. It may have looked as though she were too small for him, but she just proved she could take every single inch he had to give. 
