 The clinic was an unobtrusive white stucco structure surrounded by gnarled oak trees on an obscure back road. There were several cars parked in front but it gave the overall appearance of being unoccupied. The smell of late summer was in the air, with just a hint of fall breezes - my favorite time of year. I was getting on in years and just started retirement a few short months earlier. My wife continued to work to secure her retirement, having entered the work force only after my two girls had gained their independence. Able to retire early thanks to "downsizing," I was finally beginning to enjoy what I had missed over the past thirty-five years of unforgiving commitment. There was one nagging problem, however, that had led me to this unobtrusive structure and triggered the "butterflies" that had been fluttering in my gut for the past several days.

My wife, Doris, is, and always has been the love of my life. During the course of our lifetime of experiences together, we had enjoyed many of the simple pleasures that put my soul to rest. Yet, during the preceding five years, much to the chagrin of my beloved, my sexual appetite had waned and sputtered into non existence. We had played with Viagra and various other non-intrusive therapies with little or no success and I had resigned myself to accept the termination of my sexual desires along with the onset of aging. My Doris had not, and although I try to pleasure her to the best of my ability, she remains unsatisfied and frustrated. All the explanations, gifts, and promises in the world would not deter her need for fulfillment, and, with no other recourse, I responded to the recommendation of her gynecologist to visit this small clinic where an experimental therapy was being offered. 

Walking up the small gravel walkway, I allowed the anxieties to pass as foolishness and adjusted my attitude to accept whatever may come. I was greeted at the door by a busty blonde with a clipboard and a white cotton miniskirt the exposed the better part of her hefty thighs. She was mauling her gum like an overweight cow, and could barely speak without slurping or slobbering. 

"Mr. Williams," she slurped in a most unbecoming way, "The Dr. has been waiting for ya - why don't you head into the exam place behind me and shuck your rags. There's a house coat on the hanger in the john." She unceremoniously wiped her nose with the back of her hand, and I damn near turned for the door wondering what kind of therapy was in store for me. Stepping into the small and tidy room, I spied a nice comfortable sofa, a small exam table and a couple of plain medical cabinets along with a small alcove where the "john" sat unceremoniously; partially obscured behind a free standing curtain. Disrobing with doubts, I slid into the harsh paper fabric of the "housecoat" which was nothing more than a standard issue, open from the rear hospital gown. I tried to make myself comfortable on the plastic coated sofa, which was a difficult task as any exposed skin immediately stuck and made unflattering noises when I tried to move about. 

Like a dream from an erotic move the Dr entered, with a clipboard and a small stethoscope dangling from her flawless neck. Tall, tanned, raven haired and leggy, she strolled over to me with a smile that would melt butter and her fragile right hand extended. I made unflattering noises as I rose to acknowledge her greeting and found my face reddening in embarrassment.

"Mr. Williams, thank you for coming;" she cooed with a soft alto voice that immediately put me at ease. "You can call me Eve if you'd like; mind if I call you Jim?"

"Uh. . .no," I stammered.

She paused for a moment, quickly scanning her clipboard and withdrew a pen from her lab coat which barely concealed her low cut summer dress and the two firm orbs the firmly rose from beneath. "Do you have heart problems, allergies to any known medications, unusual voiding habits?"

I kept shaking my head no, as my gaze fell to the slender hips and sensual legs that tapered down to her tiny, well manicured feet.

"Good, here's five hundred of your dollars for your participation; now let's take a look at our unresponsive little friend shall we?" 

Despite the rapid and unexpected events, I slowly rose to my feet as she lifted the gown and took my wrinkled willie into her creamy soft hands. She quietly studied my lifeless appendage in a gentle professional manner, while I tried to think of football or the neighbor's dog that had taken a liking to defecating in my wife's favorite flower bed. . 

"Looks must be quite deceiving in your case, Jim; it looks like you're supporting a fine piece of equipment here. Could you bend over so I can check your prostrate - you know the procedure."

Again I nodded and leaned over grasping the arm of the sofa as she donned a condom on the first two fingers of her right hand. She smiled as she applied Vaseline onto the condom and I spread my legs nervously while trying to relax. Her fingers quickly found the weathered orifice and slipped in quickly, immediately surging towards my prostrate. For the first time in months I felt my willie jump involuntarily. Her fingers expertly caressed the engorged gland gently and within just a few brief moments, a small stream of semen oozed from my wilted appendage and dripped onto the floor. I was now totally embarrassed as my mind clamored for a fantasy to get lost in. Her un-gloved hand circled my willie and, with gentle pressure she began pumping life into the previously lifeless flesh. 

Eve paused for a moment to remove the slippery condom and mount the stethoscope into her hair hidden ears before immediately resuming her skillful massage. As her gentle hand coaxed long dormant sensations through my groin, she placed the cool head of the stethoscopes on strategic points of my now throbbing sexuality; on the glans, along the shaft, on each individual gonad, and finally on the perineum. Apparently satisfied, she dropped the polished instrument and gently cupped the quivering orbs in my scrotum as her mouth encased my flared glans. Her tongue began to circle the increasingly sensitive corona as my gonads snuggled tightly against my groin signaling the inevitable release. My knees were shaking and my breath rasping as the muscle contractions intensified. 

"Uhhhhhhhmmmggghhhh," I grunted as my hips bucked forward involuntarily and her lips slipped off of my painfully pulsing willie. A long thin stream of my essence erupted explosively into the air and splattered on the sofa as her hand continued its' gentle massage. My lungs struggled to keep my vision clear. So intense was my orgasm that I scarcely noticed her hand drop from my over sensitized scrotum to her pocket to produce a small syringe with a flexible plastic needle that must have been over six inches in length.

"Goodness Jim, that was very uncharacteristic of a man with your years; I bet our little friend here has quite a bit of experience doesn't he?"

As I tried to respond, I felt her thumb and forefinger gently spread my urethral orifice open and a tiny plastic intruder slide down the length of my willie. I began to shift my torso with the discomfort as she skillfully applied pressure to both the syringe and the plunger simultaneously. By the time the tiny tube had reached my bladder, my genitals were ablaze and I was sweating profusely but she merely tightened her grip at the base of my scrotum as she slowly emptied the contents of the syringe. With one swift motion, she withdrew the apparatus and tossed it into a nearby trash can while keeping her thumb firmly over my pee hole. Her free hand massaged my perineum gently. I felt like vomiting as I felt the burning serum moving slowly through my abdomen and down into my prostrate and unsuspecting gonads.

"There - all done Jim," she spoke triumphantly as her cool hands slipped from my burning apparatus and she turned towards her desk. "Forgive my lack of explanations; I'm sure you're must be somewhat disoriented by the procedure. It's necessary that the serum is introduced immediately following orgasmic ejaculation. The muscular contractions expedite the distribution of the MOE throughout your reproductive system - and especially you're prostrate where it will trigger the nerve centers that enhance your arousal. The discomfort should pass within an hour or two and you should be able to resume your normal activities although you probably won't notice any immediate effects for 24 - 48 hours. If you're unable to cope with the transitory pain, you're free to ingest an over the counter pain medication but it really shouldn't be required. Take this medication twice a day until it is depleted to augment the injection you just received and I hope to see you back here within seven days." She placed a small vial with tiny pill on her desk in front of me and smiled expectantly. "Any questions?"

The burning in my torso not only produced an unwanted erection, but it also fueled the incentive to disregard my 'victim' status to learn all I could about this new therapy. It would be interesting to note how many times she had recited the same dialog to other unsuspecting 'victims.' I struggled to me feet and stared into her beautifully expressive blue eyes, trying not to focus on the full rich lips that, with even the slightest movement, could distract me irrevocably into a blubbering idiot. 

"Uh, Eve . . . What is an MOE and how long will the effects last in my system?"

"Good question, Jim; an MOE is a male orgasmic enhancement serum that will simulate the sensations you experienced as a maturing youth. It should actually increase your arousal and sensitivity exponentially. With proper diet and exercise, you should be able to enjoy a healthy life of fulfilling intimacy without ever regressing to the sexual doldrums you are currently experiencing. That beautiful orgasmic display we shared is trite compared too the anticipated effects of the MOE serum. Any more questions?"

I was stunned, as the 'orgasmic display' I'd just experienced was by far the most intense I could ever recall, and the thought of the slightest elevation in my ejaculation might blow my wife's head off! After pausing to reflect on Eve's explanation, I knew there could be no retort, so I just smiled and shook my head no.

"Very well, Jim; take care of yourself and we'll see you in a week." She left almost as quickly as she entered and as much as I would have loved to feel her cool hands caress the fire from my legs for the next several hours, I was relieved to find the comfort of my clothes and the knowledge that there would be no more needles in my willie. I gingerly slipped my slacks on and tucked my underwear into my pants, knowing any pressure on my groin was definitely unwanted. As I slipped on my shirt and loafers, the slobbering blond floozy thundered into the room and after a moment paused with her hands on her hips.

"Gawd, what a mess," she blurted sporting a look of contempt. "Can't you watch out where you point your thing?"

"I did," I blurted as I grabbed the small vial of pills and staggered from the room. On my way out, I saw a gentleman slightly older than myself sitting in the tiny reception room. He was trembling and in obvious discomfort but he managed a timid smile as I glanced at him. I wondered if he had just been 'treated' also, but was too embarrassed to ask so I sauntered through the creaking screen door and out to the comfort of my truck resolved to sit in the bathtub filled with ice water.

By the time I got home from the clinic, the burning in my torso was replaced by a dull throbbing, but my mind was in overdrive from the morning's events. Somehow, the entire 'session' seemed surreal; the sex with a beautiful - almost too beautiful doctor was overshadowed by the burning memories in my groin. Receiving money for therapy was, by itself, extraordinary, especially in lieu of the exponential benefits. The receptionist who obviously didn't have a professional clue what she was doing, and the old man in the reception room only heightened my suspicions. Yet the promise of fulfilling my wife's needs overruled my doubts to where by the time she arrived home, I had a warm dinner on the table a tub of hot water to soak her tired feet in. Evading my wife's questions with non-descriptive answers, I tried not to build her hopes to high. Later that evening, as Doris watched a rerun, I turned to the internet for answers, but outside of the garden variety pills and erection devices, there was no mention of an MOE. It sure burned when I took a leak later that night, and I could have sworn I saw some blood in the bowl before I sent the watery residue into oblivion.

The next day, I went in search of a new fishing rod and two lures that promised to bring in the big ones with the least amount of effort on my part. On the way home, I hurried into the shoe store and spent the remainder of the $500 on the most comfortable and supposedly fashionable work shoes I could find for Doris being sure to retain the receipt in case she didn't like them. As I was grilling some trout I had caught a month earlier in hopes of convincing my wife that another trip up to the mosquito infested lagoon would insure an ample supply of fish for the next several months, the burning began. It was a different kind of burning in my groin than I had ever felt before. At first, I tried to ignore the warmth, dismissing it along with the occasional twinges I felt in the lower end of my spine as part of the aging process. Yet the spasms continued to grow in intensity as the trout browned and by the time Doris walked through the door I was obsessed. I kissed her tenderly, and before she could even speak, her blouse was torn away, and her skirt along with her silk panties were scrunched around her ankles. 

I'll never forget the look on the face of my beloved as I plunged my now hyper sensitive member into the tight folds of her pelvis and began pumping away like the man possessed. Her loving expression of surprise and fulfillment was the crowning incentive for the first of way too many orgasms. Several hours later, we lay sprawled on the sofa in total exhaustion, my gonads throbbing painfully, my willy chaffed and swollen and the cramp in my perineum gradually subsiding. Doris was exhausted; her tummy, hips, breasts, buttocks and pussy were virtually numb from my continual assault. There were pools of our orgasmic ecstasy glistening throughout our home and our pubic regions were matted and caked with the fruits of our labors. We never ate the trout, and barely made the journey onto our bed, satiated unlike we'd been for years. 

It was almost four in the morning when a painful erection nudged me from sleep. Although Doris had been sleeping, my sudden movement awakened her and within moments, her gentle hand found the source of my waking. Her eyes shot open, and within moments she mounted me lustfully in a desperate attempt to make up for the frustrating years I had given her. As she guided my tender glans into the inflamed lips of her sexuality, the stimulation was more than I could bear, and I erupted into her violently. Her eyes widened noticeable only momentarily, then she forced her quivering torso onto me as my essence augmented swift entry. Still fully engulfed in my orgasmic throes, she rode me as a lover possessed; emitting mewing sounds with her head thrown back and her breasts gyrating wildly. Again, I could feel my boiling seed erupting as she gave a shriek that startled the cat and plunged her hips onto my torso with her entire weight. I could actually feel my seed ricochet from her the mouth of her cervix, as she ground her pubis against me frantically, releasing a warm flood of her own delicious essence that flowed down my perineum and pooled onto the sheets. She was gasping for breath and I was still erect despite one of the most fulfilling encounters of our lives. Her pussy continued to milk my willie forcefully, as my gonads shrieked in spent agony. The painful cramp in perineum reappeared as the exhausted muscles forced the few remaining droplets of my essence through my painfully pulsating glans.

The alarm sounded startling sleep from exhausted body. As I turned onto my side in the lake of our spent passions to embrace my beloved, I wondered how long I could continue these sexual escapades before my willie either expired or exploded.. She was laying on her back, spread eagle with a slight smile on her face and a rosy glow about her that beckoned at my heart. Her eyes fluttered open, as she reached for me and with a quick glance confirmed that my willie was once again gaining volume. She kissed me; with the most passionate kiss she could muster and held me so tightly that stars began to flitter across my field of vision. Then her hand slipped between our torsos's and deftly guided me back into the sticky, cum covered opening it had ravished just a few short hours earlier. The sweet stickiness, the pervasive odor of our spent orgasms, and the erotic pressure of her legs wrapping around mine to urge me within was more than I could bear, as my genitals spasmed with a dry orgasm. Wave after wave swept over me forcefully as she held me to her bosom tightly, enraptured by the throes of my pent-up passions. 

With the onset of retirement have come closure and a new awareness of the strengths of the fairer gender. How Doris made it from her loving embrace, through the shower and out the door looking like the queen she is with enough time to grab a cup of coffee I'll never know. The cat loved the trout despite the grease it had absorbed during the night, the bedding needed to be washed twice and the house took several hours to clean. It was shortly after midday when I finally collapsed onto the sofa with a cool brew and a new stirring in my loins. The phone rang and the persistent noise finally stirred me from the memories of the night before.

"Williams residence," I murmured into the receiver half-heartedly.

"Hi Jim, this is Eve; how are you?" 

"Uh Dr. - my willie feels like it's going to fall off and my I've found muscles that retired years ago."

"Has your intimate life improved?" Her sultry voice was mesmerizing.

"That's an understatement."

"Then the serum has had its designed effect."

"Uh. . ."

"Unless a medical problem arises Jim, a return visit will not be required. Take care and thank you for your participation!" The phone clicked followed almost immediately by the dial tone.

Staring out the window at the kids in the street and the neighbor dog as its nose sought a clean dumping site in the flower bed, I saw Doris drive in. Watching my beloved slowly walk up the driveway, I noticed she was somewhat more bow legged than I could previously remember despite a definitive spring in her step. As she crossed the threshold with a loving smile on her face, she locked her eyes first on my surprised face, and then on my bulging crotch before she quietly closed the door. With two leaps she had me tackled, and moments later I was naked with her delicious bush firmly planted on my torso. Something in the recesses of my mind gave way, and I silently accepted my station in life, at least for now, was reduced to a life support system for my willie. As I watched her bouncing up and down enthusiastically as my dwindling seed once again erupted within her womb, I couldn't help but smile at the thought of retirement being far more fulfilling than my youth had ever promised. 

**********

Eve closed and locked the door to her tiny office before emitting a series of low growls. A small video screen appeared just above her desk and the familiar face of the expedition commander appeared.

"Report," it commanded unemotionally.

"Commander, the pheromone serum creates the required effect on these life forms within two solar cycles. Atmospheric dissemination is recommended immediately to insure complete assimilation prior to the fleets' arrival."
