 Markie was a city girl and when the opportunity came up to test a natural environment, she wavered.  When her friends said she was chicken, she finally agreed.  She felt out of place at she entered the building and was led to an empty room.  She was left with an automated system, 'How natural,' she jokingly thought as she touched the screen.  It lit up and after asking for her personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description that she was going to be testing the effect of a specific climate on her body.  Markie knew that and quickly clicked the understand button and it went on to inform her that she would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes she would have to be unclothed.  She wondered what was going on but figured the climate would be tainted by her modern clothing and looked at her choices.  Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no
longer wish to be part of this experiment.'  She wavered and finally clicked agree, and read
that the exit door would lead her to the options room and from there she would select what environment to test.  Her clothing would be on other side and then she would fill out a short survey about her experience.  She left the room and saw a wide range of doors in front of her.  A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use.  She glanced over her choices and let her fingers slide along a door that read M: Mountain, and the neutral voice suddenly said, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."

She felt out of place the instant the door opened.  It was a mountain, but there was a path,
a rough and curving one.  Markie assumed it leg to the other side and wished she had shoes or hooves or something as she walked along the path.  When she rounded a corned she found herself enjoying the view as she ran her fingers through her sweat drenched short brown curls.  She was tired and when she found a little river she gratefully knelt and drank from it.  

Mitch had been watching her the whole time.  He felt awkward in the satyr costume, but it was all to help him blend into the environment better.  The hooves certainly gave him better purchase on the ground than she had and he had been close to revealing himself many times already.  She was lovely bent over the stream and he grew red as his thoughts drifted.  Perhaps the role of the satyr was affecting his thoughts as he watched her splash water over her pale soft flesh.  He watched her stand as water droplets ran down her body.  

Markie felt as if she were being watched as she stood and turned to the path ahead of her.  She blushed as she noticed her nipples had hardened into peaks.  She almost took a moment to take advantage of the moment but moved on.  Her thoughts were focused on what it would be like to make love in such a pristine environment.  She kept walking, as her mind kept imagining having sex.  

Mitch felt guilty about watching her, but he was there as a safeguard.  He had found a clearing where he could see or hear her for a while and sat down.  His cock was stubbornly jutting straight up.  The fur of his costume was only making matters worse as he tried to shift it down.  He was so involved in trying to disguise it that he didn't hear her approach.

She entered the clearing with a sigh of relief and knew it would be perfect place to relax
and perhaps take care of the wetness that had developed between her legs.  When she spotted him she was startled at first and then she realized that he was playing with his dick.

Mitch was startled and stood quickly unable to hide his turgid erection as she approached
him.  He was unable to speak as she moved closer.  He thought about all the odd rules that
had been in his contract and noticed how she looked him over.  

Markie was surprised at first, and then she wondered why he was here and what he was. 
He had hooves, and furry waist that blended into his legs.  She found her eyes focusing on
his dick, and the warm feeling between her legs.  Perhaps she was hallucinating, if so it was a damn fine hallucination.  "What are you?" she finally asked.  Her throat parched as she spoke.

"A satyr," he replied feeling her eyes stare at his cock, which wasn't helping matters.  He
inhaled deeply and realized that he could smell her arousal in the crisp air.  

"I'm a city girl, you'll have to explain it to me."  Markie was feeling brave as she listened to
his gruff voice.  

"I'm a mythical creature that is half man, half goat, known for living in mountainous areas. 
We are also known for our sexual prowess and sating our lusts on nubile young women and nymphs.  It is said our touch stirs lust," he slowly explained, feeling his body responding to how she was looking at him. 

"Touch me," she whispered feeling out of her league as she finally pulled her eyes up to
his.  She watched him approach her slowly as if in a dream.  Markie was unable to move as his hands reached out to cup her small breasts, his thumbs rough as they slide over her nipples.  She wondered how much of his words were true and stepped closer to him, feeling her body press against his.  The fur soft against her skin as she felt his hard thick cock resting against her belly.  She felt small and delicate as his dark lips descended to lick and kiss her neck.  

Mitch had lost himself in the role as she asked him to touch her and pressed her body to his.  His mouth wandered from her neck to her perky breasts, feasting on the small soft globes.  He heard her primal growl as her fingers reached for his cock.  This was the last thing he had intended to happen when he had signed the contract.  Yet here he was ready to plunder this young innocent woman.  He somehow managed to pull back, to see her hurt expression.  His fingers cupped her face and he murmured, "I'm a bit more civilized than my ancestors."  He gruffly managed to utter, "Though I haven't sated my lust in a
long time."  He paused as he saw her move towards him again and her lips part.

"Me either," her lips found his.  After the longest, deepest kiss she had ever known she
whispered, "I want this," as her fingers reached down to caress the reddish tip of his cock and guide it between her legs.

Mitch said nothing as their bodies joined in a passionate embrace.  He was lost in the feel
of her body wrapped around him, the touch of her lips covering his, how her small perfect breasts felt pressed tightly against his chest.

Markie found herself swept away in the primal sensation, the slick sound as he plunged into her, finding her legs wrapping around him, and his large hands gripping her soft ass as he pumped into her.  She felt impulsive as she bite his lower lip as the long awaited bliss racked her body.  

He felt her bite his lip and he tasted blood as he felt her body grip him.  He groaned into the kiss as he released into her warm body.  Mitch held her to him as his cock refused to deflate.  Her mouth had moved to lick and taste his neck as he carried her to the exit.  

She was only hazily aware of movement as she felt him shifting inside her.  Markie los track of the minor ripples of pleasure that spread throughout her body.  When she suddenly realized he had stopped moving.  

"Are you ready to leave?" Mitch said.

Her mind and body were suddenly jolted back to reality as he spoke about leaving the room.  "No," she murmured as she found herself faced with a real man with a real life and
personality that her body was wrapped around.

"Thank you," he murmured his voice rough as he gently ran his hands along her legs and she let go of him.  

She felt as he slowly slide her off him, she found her eyes looking down, seeing his slick
cock that had so recently filled her deeply and completely.  "Will I see you again?" she asked in a small voice as she did not look forward returning to civilization.

"If you wish," Mitch murmured and the door opened.  

She turned to leave and when she looked back he was gone.  She wondered what he meant when he said she would see him if she wished.  She heard the neutral computer voice saying, "Thank you for participating.  Your physical responses have been recorded.  When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."

Markie slowly dressed and looked at the screen.  She tapped the next button.  She desperately wanted to know who had been the satyr in the mountain environment as the first question flashed across the screen.

'Did you enjoy the experience?'  There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do
it again.'  She selected, 'I want to do it again,' and again and again she added mentally.

'Would you recommend the experiment to others?'  The choices were yes, no, and maybe.  She picked yes.

'What did you like most about the experiment?' a keyboard appeared on screen for her to type her response.  Markie knew immediately as she typed, 'The satyr.'  She wondered how she would see him again as the computer intoned, "I see that you enjoyed your experience,  If you would like to know the identity of the environmental inhabitant it can be revealed to you.  He enjoyed the experience as well."

She almost shouted yes and was anxiously waiting as a door slide open and a dark skinned man entered the room.  She hadn't noticed what color his skin was as she ran to him and hugged him.

Mitch wasn't sure what to expect as she hugged him and wrapped her legs around him.  One long ferocious kiss later told him more than any words she could have said.  "I don't even know your name," he murmured.  

"Markie," she finally was able to speak as she took a good look at his face.  She wasn't
sure what else to say.  In their brief encounter on the mountain had been the most intense and satisfying sex of her life.  She was at a point in her life where she could enjoy a sexual
relationship even if nothing more developed.  She hoped something would develop though as he smiled and introduced himself.

"Mitch, I would say it's nice to meet you, but I think we are far beyond that."

"I'd say yes.  How about we go to dinner and see what else we have in common?"

"Sounds good to me," Mitch murmured.  He happily carried her out of the building.