 Machiko has just been promoted to chief administrator at the Earth Colonial Supervision Dept., and her first assignment has carried her to my planetary base, the mining planet Boeldae. Her body is just 22 years old, but her character is far beyond those years. If you have met Machiko, she will likely have appeared rather cold to you; doing her job, to be sure, but not a warm, humanly engaged person.

This appearance is deceiving. It is only her mask, indeed, her shield. She is a small woman, and she can't afford mistakes, so she avoids them. She has the remarkable will-power to simply assume the amount of self-confidence that she needs in every particular situation. But she's still very, very afraid of letting her guards down; which would jeopardize her control of the given situation.

I got through to her, however. To put it bluntly (well, people who know Machiko would call it bluntly, anyway!), she fell in love with me. Head over heels.

It happened quite quickly. We met, and after barely having caught a few glimpses of each other, we both knew that we felt something about each other. I was clear about it all the time, but Machiko went through all kinds of problems. No less painful for me, I assure you. She was very suspicious of her own feelings; what could make her feel this way about this guy? She didn't know whether to trust her training, her suspicion or me.

However, my effect on her was obvious. To me, if to no one else. And finally Machiko decided to take a long talk with me. During this talk, she came to trust me as I knew she would. She ascertained with herself that there was nothing in me to be suspicious of, nothing in me that would hurt her.

And the moment she did that, she was like a changed woman! Her eyes lit up when she found that she could really love me at no risk. It was what she had yearned for without realizing it. At once, she came in close to me, and with a spirit and fire that I hadn't even dared hope for, she kissed me with the passion and tenderness of... true love.

I was quite overwhelmed. You see, I actually never intended our relationship to be more than what you can call "an affair", a semi-romantic meeting of two sympathetic souls in a hostile universe. I still don't think I intend it to be more than that; I must wait and see how things develop.

But no need to worry about the future now. I will go to my woman and make love to her while I can. Good women are very scarce on mining planets, y'know. And Machiko sure is good. 

She's already in my cabin. I keyed her clearance card to my door code. Opening the door, I see her lying on my bed. She's not wearing much. She's very happy to see me. Her body sways in her almost transparent two-piece night gown as she rises to welcome me. She's quite a dazzling woman, I tell you! One minute she's the harsh, uniformed chief administrator barking out orders, and the next, she's a scantily clad love-sick girl speaking gentle words in a passionate and delicate voice, wanting only kissing and touching. How astounding to be part of both her worlds!

I give her what she wants; I can do no other thing. She has bewitched me, in truth, and now I find that it is me who fears our future parting stronger than her. But I will not be discouraged this early. No, I will revel in our relationship now.

I put my hands underneath her upper night cloth and let my palms feel her small breasts. Machiko twists her body in pleasure, urging us over to the bed. She sits her body down upon the bed, and leans backward. I kneel down between her bent, lightly spread legs. She removes her last clothings. I remove mine. We are naked. I look at her. She looks at me. There is love in our looks. And passion.

We both know that right now our love is desire. I touch her legs. My mouth follows my hands to her thighs. Her passion grows. I guide my tongue up to and into Machiko's black-haired vagina. I lick the female furrow thoroughly and tenderly. It is the first time I do this to Machiko. But if she had any reservations before, her passion has burned them away. Just like the orgasm that now accumulates in Machiko seems to burn away all her worldly troubles. She whimpers louder and louder, and her limbs wave about like straws in the wind. Her nipples are swollen and her chest moves like a stormy ocean. Machiko's loins, however, remain just so still that the tip of my tongue keeps in touch with her tiny clitoris.

Then it comes. An aromatic taste of sweet-scented sweat and female sexual secrete comes to my mouth as what feels to be the mother of all orgasms strikes Machiko. A fierce wave of energy starts from her neck as she casts her head backward suddenly and forcibly, and the wave propagates down through the splendor of her sweaty chest, her exquisite stomach and her beautifully slender waist. It reaches the womb only to reverse propagation and end up back where it started. Eyes closed, Machiko moans with the pleasure dealt her so graciously, and weak whimpers still escape her. Her gasps for oxygen provide sensual potency with which to hold on to the pleasure. She grabs my arm with strong hands, as if to say "Don't let it stop!". 

And nothing could indeed be further from my mind than letting it stop. My own excitement has increased exponentially during Machiko's build-up, and I'm only a hair away from literally exploding. With hurried movements I rearrange our positions, myself lying on the back, signalling for Machiko to sit on top of me. She is still dazed and she still wants more; she complies. She swings her right leg across my waist and makes herself comfortable. She ascends her crotch, and in one smooth move descends it again, letting her feather-soft vagina engulf and thus accommodate my hard, yearning penis. Even before the move is completed, I come inside of her.

But we are certainly not finished. Machiko still revels in the remnants of her first pleasure, but slowly gains the awareness that she is to provoke a second for both of us. She turns her sweaty face down, her mouth lustfully open, and very slowly starts moving her hips in little twists, sufficient enough for the genital friction to commence accumulating physical joy once more.

Ever so slowly, ever so sensually, Machiko's yellowish, naked body gradually hauls forth the sexual urge from wherever it resides and concentrates it below the waist until my penis, probing tenderly about inside her vagina, feels like a nuclear reactor. The heat...! And the heat of Machiko's sex is no less fabulous, as I feel fully and clearly when it is unleashed simultaneously to mine! Machiko lowers her chest to my torso when the instant comes and we feel each other's bodies in full as the ultimate sensation of totally wild, unbridled pleasure washes through us like the pure existence it is, leaving us fully satiated. At least for now...

*Some weeks later...*

Our love is alive now more than ever. Machiko still performs her duties as the colony's chief administrator, but she has started to see me during working hours as well as during time - and night - off. When she has a moment, or when she's particularly aroused, she pulls me aside and takes me somewhere private so we can make love.

She did just now. And took me greatly by surprise in the process, too! She entered the room casually as if on duty, and while several others were present. They left little by little, and then she locked the door without my even noticing. She came right over to unsuspecting me, loosened up the crotch patch of her uniform and placed my hand right on her suddenly bared but warm vagina. She almost gave me a shock! She said, "It's okay. Love me.".

So now here I am, caressing my woman's vagina with my hand, while she's still fully uniformed! Well, now she does something about it. She opens up the upper half of her uniform, setting her breasts free. I kiss them. She rejoices. She has started, of late, to wear nothing underneath her uniform. She always used to have both underwear and something more on underneath it, but not any more. Not since we started practising spontaneous love-making. 

That crotch patch of hers is a funny idea. Comes in very handy, though. My pants are down, the crotch patch in Machiko's uniform is open. Her vagina is visible in all its glorious detail as she spreads her legs even further. Her black pubic hairing, sparse as is typical for her age and her race... The Venus Hill... Machiko's fleshy vaginal lips and her clitoris at full attention... "I want you now!", she says in a voice high-pitched with passion.

So I give me to her. I press my hard penis into the crotch opening in her uniform, all the way into her vagina, and I love Machiko in heavy strokes, upon the reception of each of which a small moan escapes her. Soon, we unsuccessfully suppress our screams of sexual ecstasy.

We recompose ourselves, almost embarrassed about this show of unbridled lust. Exchanging only little smiles and shrugs, we retake our assigned posts until evening.

Evening comes. Machiko is yet too shy to come to my cabin again so soon after the afternoon love-making. She is afraid that I will find her too demanding. I know her desires, though, and I decide to go to her luxurious officer's cabin.

She lets me in, and is very glad that I wanted to come. She drops her robe and glides softly and naked into my embrace. I kiss her mouth and my hands passionately touch the young girl's waist, breasts and inner thighs. I stick two fingers all the way up her vagina, and she trembles and moans with pleasure, on the brink of exploding with orgasm. As I then place Machiko on her back and let my penis inside her body, it all comes to us in one fabulous sensation. The innocence of our lust makes it all so very right, and we will remain inside one another for a long while.

*A few days later...*

One afternoon when our time off coincide, Machiko picks me up and takes us to a remote part of the colony in a small hovercraft. We arrive at a mountain filled with caves, and stop to examine them. We quickly find a suitable one.

Within the privacy of the cave, we disrobe amidst a shower of kisses. The nipples of her breasts swell in response to my licks and kisses, and she lets out girlish moans of the most exquisite sensuality as we lie down on a thick carpet, our bodies tightly enclasped. Machiko spreads her legs and lets her moves guide my body in between them. As I kiss Machiko's pleasure-filled face, my urgent erection unerringly finds its way deep into her sparsely haired vagina. She hugs me powerfully, and wraps her legs around me, as if to coerce my body into uniting with her own ecstasy. As I kiss her marble neck and shoulders, we are consumed by a superior pleasure, the origin of which is undiscernable. We are joined so profoundly in the flesh that the orgasm of the one is indistinguishable from that of the other.

*Four weeks later...*

Transference comes unexpectedly. Machiko is reassigned to another mining asteroid, effective tomorrow morning. We subtly arrange for my "reassignment" as well, but red tape stops us from doing so immediately; we won't be able to join up together for an entire month. We are desperate, but can do nothing. We just have to make the most of the last night available to us.

After dinner, Machiko tells the other officers that she is going to bed early. In reality, she slips into my cabin, where I soon join her. Exchanging a thousand kisses, we tenderly mourn our imminent separation. But passion drives us further. We undress and take to the shower.

Soaping each other's bodies with excess concentration on breasts and genitals, we wallow in physical pleasure of dizzying proportions. My hands are all over Machiko's smooth body, sliding over her waste and hips, often ending up between her warm legs, playing with her young pubic hairing, meticulously caressing the confines of her vagina. My penis is aroused to the bursting point, and as we de-soap ourselves we grab the first chance of intercourse we get. Which is to say, I grab Machiko's hips and she bends over and spread her legs, willingly and pantingly allowing my penis to connect with her silky-haired vagina.

As I press my chiefly excited body part up between Machiko's vaginal lips, my arousal reaches levels that defy description, and I feel a sensation of the utmost pleasure flowing through and around our connected genitals. Machiko releases sounds of unimaginable joy and as our bodies cramp with the following explosion of unbelievable pleasure, we melt back into each other's tender embrace where we remain in touch for a moment in time but an eternity together.

*A month later...*

As my transporter vessel approaches Sirnas, an inspection ship arrives for routine control of the crew and cargo. Machiko is part of the inspection team. As for myself, I have coped well enough with our separation. I got used to the change and could accept the wait.

It has been less easy for Machiko. As she approaches me in plain sight, she trembles almost unnoticeably, and her face expresses a faint yearning that none but I would have been able to identify. She looks at several crew members as part of the inspection, and when she reaches me, she pretends that she suspects something wrong and orders me off to control quarters.

She would not have done something this careless in the old days, but it seems her emotions leave her little choice. As the door closes behind us, and we are alone, she literally faints in my arms. She comes to almost at once, whimpering that I must never leave her again.

The force of her feelings for me strikes me like a speeding train. All my affections well up in me once more, and I remember the emotional power and incredible strength of our relationship. Machiko rips off my clothes. She wants me inside her.

I think, to be honest, that this is a time for tender hugging rather than love-making, but Machiko is badly in need of this joining; I suspect, in a symbolical manner as well. Although my own decision would have been to kiss Machiko's face and exchange words of comfort, she begs of me to let her body arouse me, "Do you not see that I can only be complete when you are inside of me?", she says with anxiety. And, as it must, the will of my truly beloved wins me over.

*Possibly to be continued...*