 Madame Debrune's House of Female Companionship

"Laren, we've got a new girl coming to be tested this afternoon. She's from a village up north, somewhere around the Krennelow Mountains if I'm not mistaken. I want you to test her out and bring her and her bags to the empty room in the Red Hall if she's suitable. If not, she can help out in the kitchens tonight and sleep in the extra bed in the linen room. Then tomorrow morning it's breakfast and back to whatever god-forsaken backwater she came from."

Madame Debrune was not a cruel woman, rather a practical one that could afford to be somewhat generous to the girls who came from the city and even further to join her "house of female companionship" as the manor was referred to among the well-to-do clientele. She believed in working for one's comforts, though always made sure that the girls were at least fed and had a night's rest before sending them away if they were not quite suited to the line of work that Madame Debrune offered. Most of the girls that came to apply were, if not skilled, at least apt and willing pupils to the arts of sensualism. Desperation often had this effect on the young women whose families were encountering financial hardship or who had no family at all to keep them fed. A few however were too surly or plain to be useful as escorts. Occasionally, Madame Debrune kept on a good natured but unattractive girl to help with the cleaning or in the kitchens.

It was Laren's job to test the girls who came to the manor seeking work, on their skills, charisma, beauty, and temperament. Although he always remained courteous and professional, both with Madame Debrune and the women of the manor, he loved his job. Madame Debrune often used him as a teaching aid as well, showing the girls the finer points of how to please a man. Madame Debrune herself was an attractive, refined woman, who never seemed to age much, though Laren estimated that she must be approaching middle age, if not already there. He was certainly not averse to standing nude in front of the Madame and the trainees and having his cock fondled and sucked by both. Although only in his mid-twenties, Madame Debrune relied on him heavily, often asking his opinion on a girl's progress and trusting his discretion with the wealthy and important clients who frequented the manor.

Around 3 o'clock, Laren greeted the rather timid knock at the front door and welcomed the girl and the meager baggage that accompanied her to the manor. She was on the petite side, with dark hair swept back and doe eyes, framed by long lashes. She had an an innocence and freshness about her that appealed to him, but that would probably last no more than another few months in her new lodgings. She had on a modest, somewhat worn shift but behind her wholesome and guileless demeanor, he could sense something wild and carnal yearning to break free. Laren had a sixth sense about these things and had a feeling he was especially going to enjoy the testing process with this one. Sensing her nervousness, he asked her about herself and her journey to put her at ease. 

"My name's Firrel, sir. I'm the youngest out of eight daughters, and I guess that doesn't leave too much for me, sir, in the way of a dowry. In addition, this past year has been difficult on the whole village, what with the drought and all. My Pa was having trouble feeding us all. I had to leave home to make it easier for the rest of the family. They were sorry to see me go, but, well, you know how it is." She shrugged. This was a story he had heard more than once.

"I heard of this place from a traveling merchant. I asked him about the big cities south of Vernon's Pass, you see, and he told me about the big inns where you can get tankards full of ale, and listen to bards sing all night long. He told me all about the big houses and important people. It all sounded so marvelous in his stories and I asked him about what there was for a girl like me in the city, sir, in the way of work."

Laren looked at her evenly and asked, "you do know what the girls do here, don't you?"

Firrel blushed. "Oh yes, sir. He told me that too, sir. Then he asked me if I wanted him to show me so that I would know what to do if I decided to come here. He wanted to prepare me first, and teach me about what's supposed to happen, you know, between a man and a woman." Her blush deepened.

By this time, they had arrived at Laren's office. It was not an office in the usual sense, but was instead painted a soft rose shade, and outfitted with silk curtains, a large red settee in the middle and an unobtrusive antique wooden desk set against the wall.

Laren gestured to the sofa and took a seat in an upholstered maroon armchair facing it.

"And did you accept his offer?"

She lowered her eyes. "It was a most pleasant experience, sir."

"Why don't you tell me what he showed you. It will help me set up your training schedule if I know what you've already experienced and what you'll need to learn."

"Well, first he showed me his... manhood. He asked me if I wanted to touch it and it sort of, well, jumped when I did. Then he showed me how to stroke it so it was pleasurable for him. Then he told me to... to put it in my mouth."

Laren could feel his trousers getting tight in the crotch and was eager to experience what this so-called merchant had experienced in her small pink mouth. He prodded her to continue with her story.

"And then what?"

"Well, I sort of sucked it a bit and licked it with my tongue. Then I touched the hanging bit at the base of his... thing."

"His scrotum."

"Right, sir, that. He was making groaning noises and his eyes kind of rolled back into his head. Then a load of whitish stuff came out and I had to swallow it cause he was still in my mouth, see."

"And how did it taste?"

She looked pensive for a moment. "Kind of salty, but not half bad."

"Then what?"

"Well, he put his hands on my chest and pinched my nipples a bit through my shirt. Then he put his hand under my skirt and started rubbing my drawers. It felt good and my stomach started feeling funny but then we heard my father coming around and he pulled his hand away."

"And... that's it?"

"Well after my father chased him off with the fire poker, I never saw him again," she said, looking disappointed.

Laren stood up and rubbed his hands together.

"Why don't we start the evaluation process then. Should you be found suitable, you will be presented to Madame Debrune on the morrow. Training will begin after breakfast.

"Now I'm going to lower my trousers and I want you to show me what you did with the merchant that came to your village."

Firrel nodded eagerly. Laren undid the fastenings and his well endowed cock sprung out as he lowered his trousers. Firrel's eyes widened.

"But, sir, it's so big! Much bigger than the other man's." This was another reason Madame Debrune kept him on. His penis was on the large size, eight inches long and of impressive girth, and the Madame used his services occasionally if a girl was having trouble with the "larger" of the patrons. This happened sometimes after the girls finished with their training and started taking customers. If they complained that it was painful, she would ask Laren to "break them in," a part of his job that he thoroughly enjoyed. He was certainly always willing to do the job- to slip his large cock into the girl's tight, velvety sheath and slowly pump in and out until he felt her widen and acclimate to his length and girth inside her, while at the same time teaching her how to take pleasure from the act. Sometimes a few sessions were required until the girl stopped feeling discomfort and was able to enjoy the feeling, but Laren was always willing to do whatever the job required. Madame Brune understood that the girls could and would perform much more satisfactorily if they enjoyed the act as well.

Firrel reached out and tentatively stroked it. It was already mostly hard by this point in anticipation of their training session, and hardened completely after a few of Firrel's tentative strokes.

"This, Firrel, is called a cock. It's smaller and softer most of the time, but grows and hardens when a man is aroused. Your job is to make sure that this happens, so that he can take his pleasure. A man finds it very pleasurable for a woman to lick and suck it. Start slowly, and see how much you can put in your mouth without gagging."

Her mouth came around his shaft and made it halfway up before stopping.

"Mmmph mmph?" She looked up at him questioningly and the vibrations from her throat made him groan.

"That's very good for a beginner. Later, you'll be able to take more and more in your mouth. Try swirling your tongue around the tip and pumping your hand up and down the base. Yeeees, just like that. Now try sucking as I slide my cock in and out of your mouth. See how much you can take in your mouth and pump the rest with your hand. Very good." She now had 2/3 of his cock in her mouth and was making good work with her delicate hand.

He had his eyes closed and his head thrown back and could feel orgasm approaching. He found it an immense turn on to break in the innocent young women who came to Madame Debrune's out of necessity. He enjoyed being their first, and showing them how much pleasure they could give and receive from the sexual act as well.

"Excellent. Many men enjoy enjoy having their balls fondled as well." Firrel obliged. Laren looked down at the young girl whose mouth encompassed an impressive amount of his cock given her level of experience, and watched her do her best to squeeze his balls at the same time. At that moment Firrel looked up at him and caught his eye, seeking approval. He grunted as his balls tightened in preparation of releasing their load. Now suck my balls into your mouth and roll them around with your tongue, while continuing to pump my cock with your hand." She obliged and he felt a surge of pleasure.

"I'm cumming!" He warned. "Try to swallow as much as you can." Firrel returned her warm, moist little mouth to his cock and resumed sucking.

Laren groaned again and a load of hot spunk shot out of him. Firrel managed to swallow most of it. He pulled his pants back up but left his now softer cock out.

"Very good, Firrel. You did well," he praised her. "Now I want to show you how enjoyable this can be for a woman too. Are you ready?" He waited for her timid nod and then gently undid her top and pulled out her pert breasts. They were a bit more than a handful, with small, red areolas and nipples which were quite obviously hardened from excitement. He lightly massaged them and then instructed her to get up, allowing him to sit where she had been, and then climb up and straddle his lap, the tip of his now recovering cock resting against her thigh. He put his mouth to her nipples as she watched with wide eyes, circling his tongue around them and sucking at each in turn. He nipped one, and then the other when he heard her squeal in pleasure. He then took her hands and put them against her breasts.

"Try it yourself, now," he instructed. Her small hands groped her breasts and tweaked her nipples. "Have you ever touched yourself like this?" He inquired.

She blushed again, keeping her eyes squeezed shut. "Well, sir, I..."

"Yes?"

"Sometimes at night I like to remember how it felt when the merchant touched me. It never feels this good though." She continued squeezing her breasts in wonder at the pleasure and pinching her nipples. "If I may be so bold sir, could you, I mean would you, I mean..."

"Consider me at your service, my dear. What is it you would like?" Laren prompted.

"Well, do you think you could suck them again... you know, my..." She pointed at the excited red nubs standing proudly at attention on her chest.

"Your nipples? Of course my dear. I want this to be a pleasurable experience for you as well." He massaged her breasts and took a nipple into his mouth. He rolled it around in his mouth and then moved on to the other one. Firrel let out a sigh of pleasure.

Laren slowly ran his hands down her sides and across her flat belly. He stood up and instructed her to do the same. She did and her dress slid the rest of the way down to the floor. He squatted in front of her and slid her undergarments down to join her dress on the floor. He gently pushed her back down on the settee and spread her legs. He knelt in front of her and ran his tongue up her left thigh until the junction, skipping over her crotch and pubic area, then ran his tongue down the other side.

"Where exactly did the merchant touch you, Firrel?"

She blushed again and pointed to her crotch.

"Touch it like he touched it."

"Well, you see sir, I was wearing panties at the time but it was sort of like this." She rubbed her hand in broad strokes over her inner and outer labia.

"Well Firrel, I'm going to show you how good a man can make you feel if he touches you the right way. Just relax and enjoy the sensation." He crouched in front of her and started by lightly massaging her labia from her clitoris down to her moist slit. He slid a finger inside her and used the juices to dampen his fingers before slowly rubbing circles around the girl's clitoris. When she moaned, he moved to her sensitive clit and rubbed with two fingers. "How does this feel, Firrel?"

She moaned, louder this time, and replied "it feels wonderful, sir!"

He then licked her from her now dripping hole to her clitoris, and was rewarded with another moan. He flicked her nub with his tongue and then alternated licking and sucking it. "And this, Firrel? How does this feel?" 

"Oooooooo!" she squealed. "Please don't stop! Please don't stop!" She squealed again as he thrust a finger into her tight slit and rubbed the spongy area in the front of her tight canal.

He then inserted both fingers into her hole and started pumping in and out, faster and faster. He could see the pleasure written all over her face and knew she was getting close when she started crying out and thrashing her body against his hand.

"Oh, oh, ohhhhhh!!" She screamed and bucked against his hand, trying to prolong the feeling of intense pleasure never before experienced. He felt the tremors wrack her young body. She gave one last shudder and sprawled back on the couch, while a stream of thick liquid leaked out of her.

She sighed contentendly. "Oh, sir! That was amazing! Does that happen every time?" 

Laren gave a smug smile. "Not every time, no. Not all the customers are as well versed as me in the art of pleasuring a woman. If done correctly however, that's how it's supposed to feel, but sometimes you have to gently guide the men and show them what you like."

He stood up, buttoned up his trousers, and said "well Firrel, you've done very well. I'll let Madame Debrune know about your satisfactory performance, and then your training will begin tomorrow. Let's get your things up to your room."