 Maddie shakes me awake and when I glare up at her furiously, she is wearing an expression of utter panic.

"What?" I ask as I sit up in bed quickly. 

"You have to see this." Maddie insists and drags me downstairs to the living room where the television is playing a special broadcast. I feel all the color drain from my face as I see Fynn and Gaius from the club last night addressing the public as humanities new leaders. 

"What's going on Maddie?" I ask her in confusion. 

"The world's governments have fallen to vampires and werewolves." Maddie replies, her tone registering her shock. "Gaius said that him and Fynn are now co-rulers along with a thirty-member council. Humans are now slaves to them and have no rights at all. Anyone who refuses to submit to them will be automatically put to death. Humans are no longer allowed to own property of any kind. Everything will be divided up amongst the new superior species."

"Where is Uncle Lincoln?" I ask as I look out the window anxiously. 

"He was already gone when I came downstairs." Maddie tells me with terror reflected in her green eyes. 

As I turn my attention back to the television, I catch Gaius informing everyone that all humans will be rounded up and given to either a vampire or werewolf master.

"Why did they let us go last night Maddie?" I whisper. "What did they mean that we were like them?"

"I thought they meant they were psychic like us." Maddie whispers back as she hugs me tightly.

Maddie and I huddle together on the sofa and continue to watch our new leaders explain what our lives will be like under their regime. Uncle Lincoln never returns home and after dinner time has come and gone with no word from him, we both fear the worst.  

It is nearly midnight when our front door suddenly slams open with brutal force and our house is swarming with men in military gear. Maddie and I have not moved from the sofa all day and scream in fright as we are forced from our home and into a waiting black SUV. 

I huddle next to Maddie as she keeps her arms around me protectively and glares at our captors threateningly. The men ignore us as we leave the city of New Orleans behind and I recognize the plantations of River Road passing by the windows. 

Soon the SUV is pulling up to a gated property. With a word from the driver we enter a spacious plantation that looks as if royalty lives here as we make our way up the moonlit driveway. 

Maddie gently pulls me from the vehicle when it stops in front of a palatial stone mansion. The men escort us inside the marble interior and into a tropical atrium filled with plants, fountains, and birds of all types. 

Fynn and Gaius are sitting at a patio table in the center of the airy room and look up with smiles at our entrance. 

"Where is our uncle Lincoln?" Maddie demands hotly as she pushes me behind her. 

"He is being held with the rest of the humans." Gaius states smoothly, unruffled by Maddie's fury. "He will be sent to live with his new owners soon."

Fynn rises to his feet at the same time that Gaius does and the pair of them approach us slowly with heated expressions. It suddenly occurs to me that I am still in my short cotton nightgown that I wore to bed the previous night. 

Maddie begins to back up slowly keeping me behind her defensively as she endeavors to keep herself between me and them. Gaius moves so quickly that he has Maddie in his embrace without me even seeing it. Fynn steers me away from my sister before I can attempt to save her from Gaius' attack. 

"Maddie!" I scream as I fight to get away from Fynn's grip. 

"Let me go!" Maddie hisses at Gaius as she hits at him futilely. "Max!"

I watch helplessly as Gaius wraps his arms around my twin, effectively stopping her struggles, before he sinks his fangs into her throat. My vision coming to reality in front of me. 

"No!" I wail my anguish as I am forced to watch the vampire guzzling my twin's blood greedily and Maddie becomes limp. No matter how I struggle, Fynn holds me back easily. 

"Maddie!" I am sobbing uncontrollably as I feel my mental connection with her dissolving. Gaius lifts his head, his expression euphoric, blood dripping from the corner of his mouth into his beard. Maddie is gray and looks dead but I can still feel her in my head so I know she still lives. 

Fynn picks me up and swings me over his shoulder before striding from the room. No matter how hard I pound on his back and scream and wail he doesn't slow down or stop as he carries me up the stairs. 

I connect with Maddie and I feel her ravenous hunger as I sense her drinking blood from Gaius. Is he turning her into a vampire? Am I going to lose my twin? The more Maddie drinks and the stronger she gets I feel her passion begin to rise. Stunned and frightened I back out of her thoughts and concentrate on the man in front of me. 

He has set me on my feet inside a bedroom suite and is watching me curiously. I back away from him nervously, not accustomed to dealing with anything on my own without my twin's protection.

"Madigan and Maxima Sinclair." Fynn recites with a curious expression on his face. "Daughters of Joseph Sinclair and Ann Stoica Sinclair. Mother was attacked while pregnant and was placed in a medical coma so that her twin daughters could live long enough to be delivered."

"How do you know that?" I ask him as my back hits the wall, forcing me to stop my retreat.

"Gaius and I did some research after you both stumbled into the club last night." He confesses. "You and your sister have no idea that you aren't only human, do you?"

"I don't know what you're talking about." I shake my head at him as he stalks closer to me.

"You and Madigan are not just human girls with psychic gifts Maxima." He tells me as he studies my expression. "Your mother wasn't attacked by an animal."

"How do you know what she was attacked by?" I blurt, my curiosity getting the better of me.

"I can smell what you are, little one." Fynn's husky voice washes over me as he places his hands on the wall on either side of my head before leaning down and nuzzling my neck.

"Please don't bite me!" I whimper when I feel his nose stroking my skin. He chuckles as he kisses the curve of my shoulder softly. 

"I am not a vampire." He states as he raises his head to look down at me. "You are."

"What?" I feel all the color drain from my face.

"Your mother was attacked by both a vampire and a werewolf. Their DNA was absorbed by you and your sister while you were in her womb. She couldn't survive the transition by both species but for some reason you and your sister did."

"My sister and I are human, vampire, werewolf hybrids?" I whisper as I gaze into his eyes to judge his sincerity. "Is that why some at the club were looking at us so strangely?"

"Yes." He nods as he tilts his head to the side. "Your smell tells werewolves that you are more than just human."

"What will happen to Maddie now that Gaius has..." Unable to finish my statement I gaze up at Fynn anxiously. 

"We don't know for sure." Fynn confesses honestly. 

"Are you going to bite me to see if I become more werewolf?"

"No." He strokes my cheek. "You are hungry and tired." 

He effectively stops my questions as he leads me from the room and back downstairs to the kitchen. There he instructs the women what we want to eat and escorts me into a dining room with a view out into the gardens. The moon is full and covers everything with a beautiful silver glow.

Peeking into my sister's head I can feel her fury as she tries to fight off Gaius' advances. 

"Maddie!" I leap to my feet, ready to fight for my sister but Fynn wraps me in his embrace and restrains me gently.

"You can't stop what is happening between them so stay out of your sister's thoughts for now." Fynn suggests softly as he pushes me back down into my chair. 

I fidget in my chair as Fynn watches me as if he is intrigued with me. My stomach is in painful knots when a young girl sets down plates of food in front of Fynn and I. 

How can I eat now when Maddie is probably being raped upstairs by a monster and I sit here safe? Watching him feed from her until her near death was more frightening than anything I have experienced thus far and I curse my gift because this time I could do nothing to save her.

I push away my plate angrily and see Fynn raise his eyebrow at me questioningly. 

"I will give you a choice, little one." He cups his chin thoughtfully. "You be a good girl and eat something or we can go back up to our room where you can give me that sweet virginity making you mine."

I immediately pull my plate back and pray that my stomach will accept the steak and sweet potato. Fynn nods his head approvingly as he heartily digs in to his plate with gusto.

I pick at my food slowly being careful to breath through the nausea so I won't throw it all back up. Fynn's comment, our room. Does that mean he is going to rape me too? How do we get out of here? 

I watch Fynn under my thick lashes inconspicuously and feel my heart race with terror at the thought of him making me sleep in the same bed with him. Will he force himself on me anyways, regardless of the fact that I am eating my food?

I peek into Maddie's thoughts and am staggered to share the agony of Gaius brutally raping my twin. She feels my presence in her thoughts and immediately blocks me out so I cannot experience the agony she is experiencing.

My stomach rebels at the intensity of my distress and I bolt from the table to a nearby potted plant where I promptly vomit until I dry heave painfully. Fynn watches me from the table and shakes his head. 

The girl who brought us our food rounds the corner, no doubt having heard me throwing up, gives me a sympathetic look before rushing out of the room. Fynn slams his napkin down on the table and gets to his feet with obvious irritation. 

Fear at what he plans to do to me gives my feet wings and I sprint from the room. I hear him pounding behind me as I try desperately to find a door that leads outside before he catches me. He catches my long hair in his fist and effectively yanks me to a stop. I find myself thrown over his shoulder once more as he carries me back upstairs to the bedroom we were in before. He walks through the bedroom and into a very opulent bathroom with a standup shower made of natural stones that is large enough to fit at least five people. A claw foot tub, double sink vanity, and floor to ceiling mirrors complete the room. 

He sets me down on the floor where I slip and fall on my butt right at his feet. He glares down at me before fisting his hand in my long red curls once more to pull me roughly to my feet. 

"You will undress, now!" He hisses into my face as he jerks my hair so hard, I am sure he pulled out a small handful. "You will shower with me willingly or you can share the same experience that your willful sister is having with Gaius."

I manage to nod my head just enough as tears are coursing down my cheeks in a flood of distress. Lifting my nightgown over my head I drop it on the floor before pushing my white cotton panties off. I keep my gaze on my toes as I listen to my captor undress and throw his clothing on the floor before he turns on the shower. 

"Come, little one." Fynn commands in a much calmer tone. 

I tiptoe into the shower wishing desperately that I was invisible. Fynn towers over my petite form as he pushes me under the hot spray to wet down my waist length fiery red curls. 

Not wanting to look at his naked body I keep my eyes shut so tightly I am clenching my fists at my sides. I hear him chuckle and am quite sure that it is due to my bashful nature that amuses him so.

He washes and conditions my tresses thoroughly before he moves on to soaping up my body beginning with my face. As soon as his hands touch my skin, I flinch away nearly causing myself to fall down on the slippery stones.

"Be still." His overly husky voice reprimands me as he yanks my hair brutally to keep me from escaping. My brain nearly overloads from the intensity of the terror I am feeling and suddenly I feel completely removed from myself. It is as if I am looking down at the poor girl in the shower with the monster who insists on touching her where she doesn't wish to be. 

Safe in my mental corner I do not feel his hands roving over every inch of my skin, instead I am in a bright sunlit meadow filled with fragrant flowers and trees. The gentle breeze over my skin makes me smile as I look around in wonder at my dream world where I feel safe. 

So far removed am I from my abuse I do not react when he turns off the shower and towel dries my hair before wrapping me in a large bath sheet. I hum softly to myself when he picks me up and carries me into the bedroom where he tucks me into the king-sized bed completely nude.