 He sat their with his arm draped over her chair he just dripped sinfully dark sex appeal as she approached him. "You're late Cassandra," he growled his voice sent tremors up her spine. 

Cassandra stood in the door frame. Her eyes locked on him. Even with the sparse light she could see his intense stare. Taking another step inside, pushing the door closed behind her. "Brutus. I already told you I had something to do tonight," she said with a slight edge of her own.

"Don't take that tone with me," he growled. "I told you to be here on time."

Dropping her purse onto the table. She stared at him. He had his ways, but so didn't she, "I can not control the world. I am here now." Her tone softened, but still holding an edge of defiance.

"That's better, but I should whip the insolence from you. But I think you'd enjoy that too much," said Brutus as he leaned back against the chair. Her lip curled into a smirk. Taking a few step to close the distance between them. "Why was tonight so special? Did you expect to miss me that much?" She said in a mockingly coy voice.

"Don't test me woman," he growled. "It was supposed to be a special dinner but I don't know if it can still be salvaged, "Her head tilted to one side. She replied with her voice to its normal silken tone. " I am only a little late. You made dinner?"

"Yes I did," he huffed. "Was it too much for you to call me if you were going to be late?" Her hand moving to his shoulder, "I'm sorry. I couldn't call." She said. Brutus glared at her and said "And why not?"

Her eye focused on him, unsure how he would take what she had been doing. "Lets not worry about that. How about we just go eat," Cassandra answered.

He glared at her again then huffed "Alright whatever, its still in the oven," he said She pulled her hand from his shoulder. Her voice holding a bite of a bite to it. "If this is how it is going to be then lets forget it. I said I was sorry Brutus." She turned away from him. Her long dark hair flowing behind her as she walked into the kitchen.

He growled and walked over his chair at the table and sat down she all but ignored his growl. Moving to the oven, then smell of Sirloin wafted to her nose. She turned and smiled at him. "You made my favourite meal?" She asked impressed.

"Yes I did and it was hard," he grumbled. Pulling out the still warm meat. She moved to the table, stopping at Brutus first. Giving him a gentle kiss on his lips before setting the pan down.

Brutus smiled and then started eating she moved to sit in her chair. Pleased that her kiss did what she had wanted it to, she took a bite of the tender meat. Every motion as she bit into it, seemed more sensual then normal. Each curve seemed to stand out just a little more. The way her lips move around the fork, the line of her neck as she swallowed her food.

Brutus looked up from the meat and was captivated by Cassandra at that moment he had to blink and look down at his plate to clear the fogginess away from his sight. He swore she had looked like some forest being at that moment

She look up from her food. Her brow quirked slightly. "What's wrong?" She asked, a little upset that the kiss didn't work as long as she had hoped.

"Nothing, why would there be?" he asked chewing more of the tender meat

She smiled at him and said. "It just looked like you didn't like the meal for a moment. It came out wonderful," She leaned over the table to kiss him once more.

He grinned as he finished eating, "Glad you liked it Cassandra."

She sat back down and finished eating. Wanting him to let her have control for once. She stood. Moving to his side. "Dance with me my love."

"Of course," he said as he grasped her waist.

She placed her hand on his cheek as her moved her about the room. Her hand gently guiding his lips to hers. He kissed her softly as they swayed to the imaginary music, "I love you," he whispered to her.

The feel of his arms and his soft words reminded her of how much she adored the man. She pulled from their kiss. A feeling of guilt washing over her. "I love you too." She whispered back to him, her voice cracking slightly.

He smiled as he gazed in her eyes, sometimes he felt like he was trapped under something heavy when he was with her, it was a disconcerting feeling. But he was sure it was his own insecurity that he preferred to push away.

She stopped their dance. Taking a moment to gaze in his eyes. She knew once she told him what she was up to he would be angry, and most likely she would feel the sting. "My love, I have to confess something to you."

"What is it?" he said cautiously.

She let a soft sigh. Leaning in to kiss his neck once more. She quietly confessed, "I was late tonight because, I have been practicing Wicca. My kiss earlier was magically tainted. To calm you, give me the upper hand."

He growled and said "That's why I feel that weight sometimes is it? Because you've been trying to control me?" his eyes reflecting hurt.

Her hands moved to his. "No love this was the first time I swear it." She told him the desperation clear in her voice.

He began breathing faster "How can I trust you now?"

She pushed herself against him. "I swear it. If I had been doing this, why would I tell you now." Her heart began to beat faster scared he would leave her.

He looked at her and said "I believe, now what are you going to do?" he asked sliding of his jacket and pulling at his tie.

She looked up at him. The only thing she could think of was giving herself to him. Letting him win control. Her lips parted and she spoke very softly "What ever you want me to do."

"I'm tense now, I want you to use those magic fingers of yours on my back," he said huskily

She nodded to him, her hands moving up to his tie, slipping it off him. She let her finger softly trace the line of his collar before moving to unfasten each button, slowly revealing his muscular chest. 

He leaned back in the chair while she finished unbuttoning his shirt. He stood up and let her slip off his shirt before he walked down the hall to the bedroom.

She followed behind him moving to take his hand, as they made their way to the bedroom.

He laid back onto the bed and said, "I love your massages, make it up to me Cass,"

She watched as he laid down on the bed. "Of course my love." She climbed onto the bed. Reaching into the night stand for the body oil. Placing a small amount in her palm, she slowly began to work the muscles in his shoulders. Kneading the tissue, moving down to his large biceps.

He groaned as he rested his head into the pillows.

She moved to his back. Working around his shoulder blades. Her index finger and middle finger running down either side of his spine in small circles.

He growled into the pillow as the sensations spread throughout his body.

She leaned over kissing the back of his neck as her hands worked his lower back.

He purred as she worked his muscles the feeling was amazing she always gave the best massages.

Her hands making her way back up his back. She moved up lips playing with his earlobe, her breath teasing his neck and ear.

"God you do that so well," he murmured.

She whispered into his ear softly. "What else can I do to relax you?"

"Be creative," he murmured.

She kissed his neck once more and says. "Roll over my love."

He rolled over onto his back and grinned at her his back feeling loose and relaxed

She massaged his chest, slowly sliding her hands further down his body.

Her finger slowly unhooking his belt buckle and the unfastening his pants, pulling then over his hips. Once his pants were down by his knees, she placed a little more oil in her hand, massaging his strong thigh muscles then moving from next to his knees to just under the bottom of his boxers.

He leaned back and groaned, she was going to torture him. She knew how he didn't like being teased but she did it anyway.

She moved her hands to rest just on his boxers, rubbing his pelvis, never quite touching his man hood, she leaned forward to kiss his belly.

He groaned and grasped the bed sheets tightly as Cassandra continued her sensual torture.

She licked down his firm rippled stomach, her hand moving to rub the swelling bulge in his boxers.

He moaned as he tightened his hold on the sheets.

She let her hand slip inside his boxers, wrapping her hand around his manhood, stroking the base as she licked and kissed his stomach.

He gasped and arched his back as she grasped him, stroking his hard thickness softly, slowly torturing him with her caresses.

She began to work his cock faster, nipping at his stomach as she became aroused more.

He gasped again as she stroked him, he was sure she was using her magic on him. It just felt too good

She moved slightly pushing his boxers off, taking both hands to stroke and caress his cock, her tongue lashing out over the tip of him.

His whole body quivered as the pleasure lashed through him

Cassandra captured the tip of him between her lips, holding him firmly while her tongue massaged the tip, her hands stroking his shaft.

"Oh god.. you're going to kill me Cassie," he moaned.

Hearing his pleasure, she took him fully into her mouth, her tongue pressing against his shaft as she began to suckle him, her hand moving to cradle his balls, rolling them gently between her fingers. He grunted and then shouted out hoarsely.

Her pace picked up slowly, wanting to bring him to new heights of pleasure. She pushed him as deep as she could into her throat, sucking him as she moved back and forth.

Sweat broke out over Brutus' body as he writhed in pleasure under her attention.

Her fingers slowly moved down massaging the opening of his ass as she continued to suck him.

He jerked as he felt her exploring fingers rub at him.

She began to suck harder, feeling his body jerk, rubbing the skin between his ass and balls.

Brutus jerked again and cried out as he erupted forcefully in her mouth.

Milking every last drop of his sweet juices down her throat she moved him out of her mouth and gently licked the sensitive tip.

He gasped as she looked at him, "Wow.. amazing Cassie."

"Anything to make you happy love," She said licking her lips.

"What can I do to make you happy?" he asked.

Moving her still clothed form over his body, she whispered against his lips. "Make love to me."

He pushed her off him and then began slowly undressing her, laying back she locked her eyes on his taut masculine chest as his fingers ran over her undressing her.

Sliding her clothes off he moved over her his large frame resting on top of hers his thickening cock nudging her opening. She raised her hips a little, pushing him into her some.

He growled and grasped her hips "No, my turn,"

Cassie then relaxed her hips aching to feel him inside of her.

He suddenly pushed himself all the way inside her and twisted his cock at an angle.

Her back bowed at the sudden action a loud moan coming from her. 

"You're mine," he growled as he thrust his hips savagely fucking her with ruthless force, the pleasure mixed with the little bit of pain was exquisite. Something only he could do. She clawed feverishly at the sheets. Each thrust forcing out a whimpered moan.

He snarled as he thrust harder, "I love you so much Cassandra," he growled as he continued to plough into her.

Her moans growing louder, her eyes closed in ecstasy. "God!.. I love you too! God! Yes!!" she shouted as her nails ripped at the sheets.

His breathing grew ragged as he slowed the pace slightly intending to tease her slightly.

She wrapped her arms around him, sweat starting to roll down her cleavage, her moans still loud but the forceful whimpers ceasing.

Brutus felt like he was going crazy, he had to make her break first to totally own her.

She slowly opened her eyes watching down the line of his body as he made love to her. Watching as his hips entered her sending a shiver of violent volatile pleasure through her whole body.

He had to still himself to so he wouldn't embarrass himself, he was so close to the edge he needed to make her go first. Then he started to slowly slide back into her as he rubbed her clit gently.

Her body could no longer take the pleasure. Her back bowed once more eyes squeezing shut her mouth parted in some silent scream as her muscles tightened around his cock. Spasming wildly, allowing her juices to flow.

Brutus arched back and roared his release crashing through him.

Cassandra collapsed onto the bed, her breathing heavy and rigid.

"You are so amazing Cassie," murmured Brutus as he stroked a hand through her hair.

Her eyes blinked into focus, a lazy smile on her lips. "As you are my heart... my king," she whispered. After all this time she still couldn't believe that this amazing giant of a man was all hers. She smiled and burrowed up against his sweat drenched chest.