 I found myself in an examination room much like ones found in everyday clinics that most doctors have. This scared me to no end, as I didn't wish to be examined amongst all these strangers. A man came into view and spoke in a slightly accented voice.

"It will help if you relax Sable. It will keep you from having any more pain than necessary." he calmly instructed.

"Relax?" I thought he must have been fucking kidding me!

First, my new nipple rings were examined and treated with some form of antiseptic. Then I was strapped in a different fashion so that my legs were splayed and my private parts examined around whatever was inserted inside me for swelling. I started screaming and couldn't seem to control myself as urine streamed out my urethra. 

The 'doctor' came back within my vision range with an instrument I didn't recognize, and grabbed my jaw exerting pressure on either side of it he quickly shoved the surgical steel instrument inside my mouth. I heard a clicking sound and realized my jaws were being cranked open and kept that way. 

I heard him gasp and knew what he had seen as my jaws opened fully stretched. In my stressful state, I could not keep my fangs from descending showing to one and all the secret I had been keeping most of my adult life. However, short as my life had been so far it looked like it was going to be getting shorter. I heard the 'doctor' talking to others in the room refusing to go any further in his examination. 

After a rather long discussion out of my hearing, one of the team close by headed off at a run. The 'doctor' came back into my range of sight and looked down at me worriedly. I was starting to get confused, but I figured it had something to do with the deformity of my retracting teeth. After this thought the other man returned, telling the doctor to proceed as planned, that the assistant director said it was fine. 

After the 'doctor' had grunted his assent, he returned to examining my entire body. I felt pressure in my ass as a butt plug was removed from my asshole. It was larger than any of the novelties I was familiar with, and left me thoughtful in how something so large could fit in my ass. 

After retrieving a dildo made similar to the butt plug he took some items from the tray beside him. One of these items looked like two halves of a steel ring with a groove running along its outside edge. I felt pressure on my ass hole again as this was put in and around my asshole entrance. I then realized what it was for as he picked up a speculum type device that ratcheted the 2 half rings apart in order to push insets in to make the 'ring' larger. 

Once this was done, he picked up some pins or screws in which to hold the implement in place in my asshole. After these were applied to the device, he took what I took to be a horsetail attached to a butt plug, which was larger than the last one and inserted it with a snap into the now permanent ring in my ass. I felt something being attached to the plug and tried to push it out but the ring prevented it. The plug had some type of inflation device attached to it and was being inflated to prevent accidental expulsion from what I could gather. 

They had begun to talk around me as if I were a piece of furniture and could not hear what was being said. I was so worried about my well being it hadn't registered they and been talking at all. 

Once again, the doctor started doing things to my nether regions. He put in dildo in my cunt though not long it was rather large and curved up toward the front of my body resting with almost imperceptive pressure against my g-spot. He then brought over a garment if you could call it that. 

It was exactly what it looked like to my terrified eyes and I screamed again drool and spittle running down my chin. It was some sort of chastity belt that was locked on tightly about my waist. It went from inside thigh to inside thigh preventing the dildo from coming out and letting my new 'tail' and my clit hang out in the open air.

That being done he reached back to the tray and took out what was obviously a bit gag made the same way the ball gag had been. He laid the gag on my chest and reached for some stats resting on the tray. Attaching this to my tongue, he pulled my tongue out of my mouth and with another instrument pierced it before I had time to figure out what was going on. 

Quickly he inserted a large tongue ring into the hole and screwed its ball in place. He grabbed the bit gag and smoothly slipped it on while someone removed the restraining strap around my head. The new person held me in place while this particular gag was locked in place, and the tongue ring slipped inside the bit of the gag. 

There would be no more attempts at swallowing my tongue. I knew I was never leaving this place by my own hand.

One by one, the leather straps were taken away but I didn't move. I don't know if it was shock. It could have been but I felt myself in a back closet of my mind looking out at the world as if looking through a camcorder I held to my eye. I didn't know this was a reflex action the mind does to save itself, all I now new was I felt warm and safe for the first time in hours.

I was allowed to stand and finally got to behold what had been trapping my arms for over 24 hours. I had seen them before abstractly while online in those annoying ads you get sometimes. It was an arm binder very simple in its construction.

The arm-binder was a triangular tube that slid up the arms to about mid to upper bicep with straps that held it in place at the shoulders crossing in the middle to wrap across the chest above the breasts. It also had a pocket at the bottom for the hands to be slid into to prevent them from being able to touch anything outside of it. 

After removing restraints from my wrists my arms were allowed to fall to my sides for a brief time to hang at my sides near useless to me after being pulled back so long. This was to be a short freedom for them in any case. The doctor clipped a leather cuff to each wrist locking them in place. He then clipped them to something on the back of the chastity belt I was now wearing. 

Shortly thereafter, I was lead out of this room by another attendant and another trip down the hall took us to another room near the end of it. This room was similar to the first other than the fact there were more chains hanging form the ceiling and shelves along one wall where various instruments lay within easy reach of the hanging chains. 

Closer to the chains now the attendant placed many of these links around my body from shoulder to hipline and lock them there. He reached over close to the shelf and hit a button beside it, and I felt my self being lifted into the air with my ass in the air and my head hanging down loosely since I really didn't care by this point to lift it. 

He then squatted down behind me and I felt cuffs of some kind being slipped around my ankles and drawing my legs down swiftly. I heard movement in the room and what sounded like something being unwrapped. The attendant came back over and slipped what I assumed to be some kind of boots onto my feet. 

The attendant then reached over to the shelves a hit the button that had raised me. He lowered me till me feet touched the floor and I could stand but not fall. When I showed no reaction to put any weight down, he came around and jerked my head up. I have no recollection about what happened for a while. I was now happy and warm in my own little world. What these people did with me didn't matter anymore.

COLD! The whole world had turned to ice. I snorted ice cold water into my nose before realizing I was in a tub of ice water. I was jerked above water just to my shoulder level as I shivered and flailed around the tub. Pulled out of the tub roughly by several hands, I noticed the startling looking man in the room with me again. 

I tried to walk forward feeling a terrible hatred deep inside my soul and fell flat on my face as the hands let go. Rolling over I kicked at the hands that reached for me once more. It was then I noticed why I had fell. 

The boots that now encased my feet, ankles and calves were arched high as much as 5 to 6 inches as far as I could tell but with no heel to be seen. They were black leather with wooden soles that had rubber on the bottom of them to prevent slippage of sound as far as I could tell.

The man walked over while I was having my kicking fit and lifted me up off the floor by dragging my arms from behind. Manhandling me over to a chair, he threw me across his lap and beat my ass like an unruly child. The squeals I could make through the bit gag I now wore were more humiliating than even the spanking I was receiving. I sounded like a horse squealing in a panic. 

After a few moments of my mind digesting this, I realized the spanking had stopped. Roughly brought to the attention of the others the man waved his hand toward me and walked out of the room. 

For some reason this pissed me off and the fight was on. It took each and every person in the room to get me still. I felt hair in my face and looked up at a woman kneeling close to my head. After getting an eyeful of her I didn't feel near so bad about my own situation. 

The woman was dressed entirely in bright red rubber from top to bottom. The only thing you could see of her was crimson lips, eyes, and blond hair trailing down the side of her head from a ponytail at the top of her head. Her arms were bent at the elbow her hands on her shoulders under the rubber. 

Her legs were done in the same fashion. Thick pads covered her elbows and knees, obviously to prevent injury as this was her only mode of walking. A tight fitted corset of some kind matching the red rubber outfit hugged her waist making it impossible small and her breasts protrude enormously. There was a dog collar around her neck with a tag hanging down. It read "Sandy" on the copper metal that lay on her long neck. 

For a moment, I thought her mind was gone. Her tongue was hanging a bit loosely out of her mouth and it was then I came to notice her breathing. She was panting like a dog looking up at one of the men surrounding me with pleading eyes.

"Woof!" she barked loudly.

The man beside her looked down and looked at her with the gentlest expression. He reached out and petted her head as she turned toward him. 

At that point I got a good look at her ass since it was right in my face. She had most the same things on her body there as I did with the small exception of her having a puppy tail rather than a horsetail. Unfortunately, I understood what she was.

I was in a mad house and the 'doctors' were the ones that were insane. 

The man petting his puppy looked at me. Once I had calmed down very slowly, he lowered himself close to me. He reached over lightly with his hand and rubbed them lightly over my nipples. I tried jerking away form him but was held in place by the others. Feeling I had never felt before raced through me. 

Oh my god, could I actually be enjoying this? Had my mind finally snapped? All these thoughts went racing through my head as I felt myself slowly starting to feel a peaceful feeling in my head. He continued his caresses till no one had to hold me and I stayed calm. Then he stopped.

"Take her to the barn for a rest. I will start breaking her tomorrow. She is too high-spirited to try it today. I don't want that spirit broken, only tamed," He stated removing his hands from my breasts. 

One of the men with the Stable Master growled his assent and threw me across his shoulders like a sack of potatoes. He then walked out the door and back down the hall with me in tow. He took me through a door at the other end of the hall and out into the light of a mellow orange sun.

I could see very little but the grass moving by as I was lugged along on his back. Soon we came to a place where the ground was mostly bare of grass and the sweet smell of hay permeated the air. I heard the creak of an old hinge as the large barn doors were opened. I was lowered to the ground and took in the sight of my new home for the first time.