 Terry was sure she had never seen the shop before. In fact, she was almost positive the space between the butcher shop and the hairdresser had been empty just this morning as she passed it on her way to work. It had just shown up as if by magic sometime between then and her walk home. She shook her head. There was no way anybody could move into an abandoned storefront and set up shop that quickly. She must have just not noticed it before. Well, it had certainly piqued her interest at any rate. And she did need to buy a present for her wife...

Cassandra would be graduating from medical school in a week, and was planning a get-together with some of their friends to celebrate. She had been adamant that no gifts were necessary, but Terry always enjoyed finding thoughtful presents to surprise her wife with, and the party would be the perfect occasion.

Cassie had always been the more studious of the two of them, so it was no surprise that she had wound up going to med school while Terry found work straight out of college to support them. Terry smiled as she wistfully thought back to their college days when they had first met. They had been lab partners in their sophomore organic chemistry course, and by the end of the semester had formed a close friendship. Cassie had been shy and reserved back then, even more so than now, and the more outgoing Terry had helped her break out of her shell and enjoy more of the social aspect of campus life. And while Terry was by no means unintelligent, Cassie's diligence and work ethic had more than once saved Terry's grades. Beyond making a good team both in and out of the classroom, though, they also found they had many interests in common and would often stay up late in Cassie's dorm playing video games or watching movies when Cassie didn't feel like going out.

As time went by, Terry began to realize she was falling for her friend. A few times she came close to letting her feelings out in the open, but she always held back. Terry had been very open about her sexuality since high school, and many times had gone to Cassie for consolation after failed dates and disappointing hookups, but she couldn't imagine her friend swinging that way. Cassie fit the shy virgin archetype to a T, and had never shown any indications of being into girls, so Terry decided to just be content with what she had and not risk messing up their friendship by proclaiming her feelings for the other girl. So when Cassie had proposed that they split an apartment for their junior year, Terry, despite her better judgement, agreed.

The stress of living with her crush but not admitting her feelings eventually proved too great for Terry. She started drinking more than before and became reclusive. Cassie became worried for her friend, but Terry never gave a satisfactory explanation for her behavior. One night, however, after several beers, Terry just barged into Cassie's room and laid everything out on the table. To her surprise, Cassie's face turned a deep red before slowly breaking out into a smile. She nervously told Terry that she was bisexual, and that she reciprocated her friend's affection. Terry quickly sobered up as Cassie explained that she had been raised in a socially conservative home. Her parents had never been outright anti-gay, per se, but she had always felt some intangible pressure to grow up and have a good heteronormative family. Combine that with an abstinence-only sex ed in her high school, and Cassie had eventually come to suppress all her sexual desires, especially those for women. Terry listened open-mouthed as Cassie took a deep breath and informed her friend that she was ready to begin a relationship and start embracing a side of her that she had always kept down before, if her best friend would be there along the way. As Cassie looked up nervously for a response, Terry just smiled, reached one hand behind her friend's head, and pulled her in for a kiss. At that moment, everything felt right for Cassie, and as she melted into Terry's arms, she was certain that her life was about to change for the better.

Although they already lived together, the new couple designated date nights where they could just be girlfriends and not have to worry about the minutiae of being roommates. These invariably led to both girls returning to Terry's room at the end of the night. Their sexual relationship progressed slowly, almost tortuously slow to in Terry's opinion, but she knew that week by week Cassie was expanding her comfort zone, and it was important not to push her too hard. Terry would always remember Cassie's first time giving head, looking up with eyes that seemed to ask, 'Am I doing this right?' It was adorable, and so sexy. Eventually Cassie had become fully comfortable with her sexuality and willing to try anything Terry suggested. They spent most nights together in Terry's bed and decided to move into a one-bedroom apartment for senior year.

They had gotten married right out of college. Cassie had wanted to wait until they had more money and stability, but Terry pointed out that having joint finances would make putting Cassie through med school much easier. Cassie eventually agreed, and made sure every detail of the ceremony was absolutely perfect. Even her parents, though clearly a bit uncomfortable at first with the idea of their daughter marrying a woman, came around eventually once they saw how happy Cassie was around Terry.

Back in the present, Terry opened the door of the strange shop and walked inside. It soon became clear that her earlier assessment of the business as an antique store was not quite accurate. While much of the merchandise did seem to be very old, there were also some newer-looking items mixed in. The common theme did seem to be some purported association with magic. The place was lit solely by candlelight and Terry thought she even caught a glimpse of cobwebs in the flickering glow. The whole effect made it seem like something from a high fantasy novel. As she wandered into a randomly-chosen aisle, Terry pondered if the store was supposed to be catered toward magicians and similar performers, or just a novelty shop for fantasy aficionados looking for cosplaying props.

Terry's eyes eventually settled on an ancient-looking tome. Cassie loved rare and old books, and if this one was as old as it looked, it would surely be a good collector's item. She picked it up, and, failing to find a price tag, began leafing through it. The book seemed to be instructions for casting spells, most of which featured some kind of transformation. She suddenly stopped flipping when she reached a spell simply titled, 'Phallic Growth Spell: For Women'. Terry knew she should probably laugh and put the book down at this point, but she couldn't help but feel a bit intrigued. Her and Cassie's sex life had been pretty routine lately, with Cassie being busy finishing up her schooling and looking for residencies. Maybe a bit of roleplay would be fun. She even had a strap-on that she hadn't used in a while...

"Excuse me... miss."

Terry spun around to face the owner of the voice, a little annoyed at his hesitation before identifying her gender. She had a boyish figure- as a child she was always skinny, and puberty hadn't done a thing for her. She wore an A-cup bra, but even that label was a bit generous. Her hips and butt weren't particularly noticeable either. She often wondered whether this was her body simply trying to live up to her ambiguously-gendered name. Terry had decided, however, that just because she was a lesbian named Terry didn't mean she had to look like a man, and went all in on her hair. Terry had been blessed with thick, wavy, blonde hair, and spared no expense to keep it looking good. She wore it down, slightly past her shoulders, and it was usually enough so that people could reliably identify her as a woman even from far away. She was now a bit miffed that the speaker had apparently not noticed it.

He was an old man, or at least appeared to be. Terry found that she had a bit of difficulty focusing on him, and when she looked at him out of the corner of her eye, his form seemed to waver, flickering through a wide range of human bodies.

"Have you found something that interests you?"

"Oh, yeah... I saw this, uh, book, and I noticed it didn't have a price tag," Terry stammered, a bit embarrassed at having been caught reading the smutty spell book.

"Ah, the Grimoire of Proteus. A fine choice. Very powerful magic. Normally I would charge a great deal for this, but for you, shall we say... twenty dollars?"

Terry eyed the man suspiciously, or at least eyed his general area. He sounded sincere, though she had no idea what would make one particular novelty "spell book" any better or worse than another. It was a stupid thing to spend twenty dollars on, but as she looked down at it she couldn't bear to put it back on the shelf. Maybe she and Cassie could get twenty dollars' worth of fun out of the thing.

"Oh, what the hell. I'll take it."

"Excellent. And I offer you the book of counter-spells for only another twenty."

So here was the scam, Terry thought. She had already spent twenty dollars on a stupid prop, no way was she going to throw out that much money again on the companion piece.

"No thanks, I think I'm good."

A look of genuine worry seemed to come across the shopkeeper's face, but Terry put it down to disappointment at being unable to unload some more merchandise onto her.

"Well, be careful at least."

Brushing aside the man's odd words, Terry paid for the book and left the shop. She immediately felt silly again for having made such a stupid purchase, and slipped it into her handbag. She mostly forgot about it for the rest of her walk home. Walking into her and Cassie's apartment, she grabbed a drink from the fridge and flopped onto the couch, dropping the bag on the floor. Reaching over to grab the TV remote and ready to unwind after a busy week at work, she saw a corner of the book emerging from her bag. Feeling oddly attracted to it, she set the drink aside and picked up the book, opening immediately to the spell that had caught her eye earlier. She read the instructions for the spell for the first time and began to look forward to the "roleplay" even more than she had in the shop. The spell was to be cast naked, and a partner was needed to bring the caster to orgasm if the spell was to take hold. Terry leaned back and closed her eyes, imagining Cassie's tongue deep in her vagina, both of their naked bodies glimmering in the candlelight called for by the spell-book. Maybe they could try it out tonight instead of waiting for after the party...

Terry's thoughts began to wander to what it would be like if the spell actually worked. She had never felt any desire to be male, but who hadn't at some point wondered what it would be like to change sex? To experience pleasure from another perspective? Terry felt herself getting wet as she imagined now Cassie's lips around her long hard shaft. One hand found its way into Terry's pants as she turned Cassie around in her mind, and began pounding into her wife's waiting pussy. First one finger, then two, slipped into Terry's own dripping snatch as she imagined heavy balls slapping against Cassie's ass, her wife's tits jiggling with each thrust...

Terry's ministrations were interrupted by the sound of a key in the door. Pulling her hand out of herself and shoving the book back into her handbag, Terry shook the erotic thoughts from her head. What had come over her just then? The door opened and Terry jumped up to greet her wife.

"Oh, it's so good to be home," Cassie sighed as she gave Terry a quick kiss and slumped down on the sofa. "That was the longest exit counseling session of my life."

"Poor baby," Terry cooed as the jumped onto the cushion next to her wife. "Maybe I can make it better."

Terry reached over and pulled Cassie's head to hers, wasting no time in beginning to vigorously make out with her. Cassie seemed caught off guard by the sudden display of affection but quickly melted into the kiss and began reciprocating.

"What's gotten into you?" she laughed, coming up for air.

"Oh, nothing," Terry answered, with a mischievous smile. "I just saw a new store on the way home, and picked something up."

Cassie smiled and bit her lip, a sure sign that she was getting aroused, but her look turned to one of slight confusion when she saw Terry pull out the book.

"What is that, some sort of lesbian Kama Sutra?"

"No, it's a spell-book," replied Terry, waving her free hand in an approximately spooky manor.

"You have got to be kidding me," laughed Cassie.

"Oh, come on. It'll be fun! Just a bit of roleplay. Besides, you've been working so hard lately. Now it's Friday night and we're gonna have a good time."

Terry climbed into her wife's lap and sat straddling her on the couch, kissing her neck and beginning to play with her breasts. It was all the encouragement Cassie needed.

"Okay," she gasped as Terry began to get more aggressive in her foreplay. "Let's see what's in this book."

Triumphantly, Terry picked up the tome again and opened it to the page she could almost find without even looking by now. Cassie glanced down to see what "spell" Terry had in mind, and breathed in sharply as she saw what her wife was planning. Cassie knew this was ridiculous, that she should be laughing right now, but it was like the book itself had her in its spell. Cassie was already aroused by Terry's attentions, but seeing the book seemed to open some sort of door inside her. Her panties felt soaked, and her nipples were almost maddeningly hard. She looked up to see if the book was having a similar effect on Terry, only to see that her wife was already stripping.

"Come on babe, we gotta do this naked."

Cassie hurried to comply. She didn't think she had ever seen Terry this aroused in her life. Her thighs were glimmering with her own juices and her nipples stood out proudly from her chest, as if to make up for Terry's shortness in the breast department.

Terry, meanwhile, was enjoying the view of her now-naked wife. Cassie seemed to be Terry's polar opposite, physically. Cassie was not quite fat, but definitely curvy, with heavy D-cup breasts, a round juicy ass, and just a little bit of pudge around her waistline. She wore her medium-length red hair, as usual, in a ponytail. Cassie was also much taller than her wife- 5'8" to Terry's 5'4". An outsider would not have guessed that the slight blonde woman was the more dominant and sexually adventurous is this relationship, but Terry loved this little incongruity. It was just one more thing that made their relationship unique.

After setting up the candles as described by the book, which they had almost forgotten to do in their mutual lust, the two women sat facing each other in the middle. Terry couldn't resist leaning forward to plant a kiss on her wife's naked breasts before sitting back and reading the incantation. It was not in a language either of them had ever heard before, and with each word Terry read, her and Cassie's desire seemed to ramp up another level. After she finished reading, Terry set the book aside and spread her legs invitingly.

She smiled seductively. "Now you just have to make me cum."

Cassie didn't need to be told twice. She wasn't usually super enthusiastic about giving head. She knew Terry liked it, and she was proud of the effect her tongue had on her wife after many years of practice, but on the whole, she would rather be on the receiving end. Today, however, she felt like she couldn't hold back. Terry's vagina seemed to be her entire world, and she had to have it. 

Cassie dove right in, burying her tongue in her wife. Terry's pussy had never tasted so good to her before. Or maybe, it wasn't the taste that was different, but something Cassie couldn't quite put her finger on. It was like Terry's juices were a drug, and Cassie was addicted. Fortunately, there was plenty to sate her thirst. Cassie couldn't remember the last time her wife had been quite this wet. It was dripping down her chin, and she knew the entire lower half of her face was covered. The thought just aroused her more.

Cassie then moved her attention to Terry's clit. As she swirled her tongue around it, it felt different somehow, almost like it was bigger than usual. Cassie paid this development no mind, however. Her lust was so great that she didn't even realize as Terry's clitoris began to grow inside her mouth. As Terry's now two-inch-long clit filled her mouth, all Cassie could think of was the new ways she could play with it.

Terry was similarly unaware of her changing anatomy. She was getting the best head of her life, and that was all she cared to think about. Cassie's tongue was giving attention to every tiniest point on her clit, it felt like a hundred tiny tongues were working her at once.

Neither woman noticed as Terry's once-small clitoris grew to three, then four inches. Cassie did feel it harden in her mouth and begin to get wider, though, almost feeling like a finger without any knuckles. Until, that is, she felt the tip change shape. Terry felt a slight stirring in her lower abdomen, but chose to ignore it. There was no way she could have known that what she was feeling was actually her ovaries moving downward, her eggs being absorbed by her body in preparation for her reproductive system's new purpose.

Terry's clit was six inches long now, and hard as a rock. Cassie was having trouble fitting the whole thing in her mouth. It popped out, and she now saw clearly a penis jutting out from between her wife's legs. Still in a cloud of lust, she took the new development completely in stride. Cassie had never given a blow job before, but the book's magic seemed to provide her with the knowledge she needed to give her wife her first male orgasm.

Terry's now eight-inch cock slipped into Cassie's magically enhanced throat. A stray thought that the spell must have somehow suppressed her gag reflex flitted across Cassie's mind, but rational thought was once again replaced by desire as she felt Terry's new ballsack descend out of what had once been her vagina and come to rest on Cassie's chin, finishing the transformation.

Terry was awash in new sensations as she experienced her first blowjob. It was like her clit was sixteen times longer, and Cassie's mouth and throat were stimulating every inch of it. She never didn't quite have time to ponder the wider connotations of this new development, before she felt a strange pressure build up in her new cock. Cassie held her on the edge, for one second then two, keeping her on the brink of orgasm, before Terry finally felt herself unleashing her first load deep into her wife's throat.

Terry's afterglow was cut short however, as the magical lust conjured by the book quickly dissipated. The reality of what had just happened came crashing down on her all at once. She had grown a penis. A large one. That showed no sign of going away. Not to mention the fact that magic was apparently real, and the book actually worked. She staggered backward, popping out of Cassie's mouth with a wet slurping noise. As her shock turned into horror, she turned and ran, locking herself in the bathroom. She just needed a minute. Just needed to calm down and take some deep breaths. She closed her eyes, willing her genitals to go back to how they were before, but when she opened them up again, she was greeted by her reflection in the full-length mirror, still sporting a penis. It was flaccid now, and a more manageable five inches, but it still looked extremely out of place on Terry's slim frame. She sat down on the edge of the bathtub, the permanence of her situation slowly dawning over her.

Cassie, however, had not yet been freed by orgasm from the lust of the spell. She swallowed her wife's semen, not even noticing the salty taste. She realized now what had happened, but her addled mind could only see the opportunities this presented. Cassie was bi, and had often wondered what having sex with a man might feel like. If she had been the more assertive type, she might have suggested the possibility of a threesome, but her curiosity could now be satisfied by her own wife. She slipped two fingers inside herself as she imagined Terry's new equipment thrusting into her dripping snatch, and began fingering herself with a passion as she pictured her wife fucking her in every conceivable position. Cassie's other hand found a sensitive nipple as she felt herself building up to the best orgasm she had ever given herself. She bit her lip to stifle a scream as she came, before laying down on the floor to back in the aftermath.
