 Author's note: I make no claim to the originality of the idea of a board game that transforms people. I just liked the idea and wanted to give it my own spin. Also, fair warning, this story gets weird.

*****

Austin was a little disappointed in his college experience thus far. Not that the classes were boring or too hard, but rather in the social scene. Movies and TV had led him to believe that college would be endless parties and debauchery, but he had been to wilder parties when he was in high school than the typical fare at his university. Maybe he should have expected this, given that he was attending a small private university in a rural Midwest town, but the scholarship offers had been too good to refuse. Now the junior business major was stuck on campus over spring break thanks to his internship, and the place was absolutely dead. Seeking some way to pass the time, he had wandered around the mall until he spotted a store that he hadn't seen before. He had gone inside, and the shopkeeper seemed to know exactly what he was looking for. It was a board game that had some roe-playing aspects and promised to get a little raunchy. Austin bought it, brought it home, and quickly messaged any of his friends who were still on campus to come play it that night.

The first to arrive was Austin's housemate, Shane. A champion gymnast in high school, Shane was a bit on the short side but had well-toned muscles. Add to that his impeccably messy blonde hair, and he was widely regarded his female classmates as one of the most attractive guys on campus. Unfortunately for them, he was, rather stereotypically given he was a theater major, also gay.

Austin heard a knock on the door and let in his friend Chris and Chris's girlfriend Bernadette. Bernadette was the odd one out amongst their friend group, as she was generally seen as a bit weird by the rest of the students. The art major was always into the latest "paranormal" fads, be it crystals or Wicca or astrology. Austin probably would never have talked to her if she wasn't dating Chris, but she was nice enough and never tried to invite anyone else to yoga practice or whatever it was she was doing at the moment, so she had become a firm part of their group.

It's said that opposites attract, and that was certainly true with Bernadette and Chris. Chris was one of the most completely normal people Austin had ever met. A bit quiet, maybe a little bit nerdy, but less so than the rest of the physics majors on campus. Moreover, he was completely grounded in reality and never took any stock in his girlfriend's weird hobbies, though trying to never come across as dismissive. It was obvious he cared about Bernadette quite a bit, but it was also just his nature to be nice to people.

The last to arrive was Betty, and Austin was glad she had been able to make it. The short bubbly music major was able to infuse fun into any gathering. Although she could at times appear a bit ditzy, she was actually quite intelligent. She was also renowned among the male student body for her sexual prowess. More than any girl Austin had ever met, Betty completely owned her sexuality. Never appearing slutty, she simply knew what she wanted and was very open about it. She and Austin had hooked up a couple times, but they were never anything more than friends. 

When it became clear that nobody else would be coming, Austin opened the game box and started setting up. He was a little disappointed that the only people who had arrived were two guys, a girl who had a boyfriend, and a girl he could probably hook up with anyway just by asking, but he was determined to have some fun anyway.

Chris, meanwhile, was reading through the instructions. He had been a bit reluctant to come when Austin had hinted that the game might be of an adult nature, but Bernadette had seemed really excited for some reason.

"Okay," he read aloud. "It looks pretty straightforward. You roll the die, move your token, and then take a card that corresponds to the color square you land on. It says red squares are physical transformations, blue are mental, and yellow are challenges to complete or decisions to make. If you want, you can refuse and take two red cards instead. The first person to get to the end wins. So, the yellow cards seem pretty straightforward, but any idea what the red and blue are supposed to mean?" he asked, looking toward Austin.

"I think that's probably just part of the role-playing aspect, right?"

Chris seemed satisfied by the explanation, and they all sat in a circle around the board, with Chris on Austin's left, followed by Bernadette, Betty, and Shane. They rolled the die to see who would go first, and Chris won.

Chris took the die again and rolled a six. "Looks like I'm just a natural at this game," he joked, picking up a yellow card. "Make out with the person on your left," he read. "Well, lucky you decided to sit there," he laughed, turning toward Bernadette. She smiled and leaned in to kiss him. He pulled her in and they started to make out heavily. Bernadette was a fantastic kisser, and Chris lost track of time until he heard a slightly impatient "ahem" coming from his right. Slightly embarrassed, he pulled away as Bernadette just smiled and took the die.

Bernadette rolled a four, and could barely conceal her excitement as she landed on a red square. She had heard about this game in some obscure corners of the internet, and was hoping that Austin had got the real deal. It might be the first genuine magic item she had encountered in real life! She drew her card and was excited to see what would hopefully happen to her.

"Grow a pair of breasts," she read out loud. "Huh, I didn't come here to be insulted," she snorted, with a mix of real and feigned indignation. Bernadette was very slight of figure, and she often wished she had more up top than her current B-cup. But as the laughter of the other players died down, her shirt started to feel a bit strange. "Holy shit, it's working!" she cried out as the meaning of the card became clear. The other players just stared in confusion at Bernadette's torso as two small but noticeable mounds began to appear just below her other pair. When they stopped, she had the outline of four B-cup breasts behind her now-tight shirt. "This is awesome! I can't believe it works!"

The other players stared in shock as a beaming Bernadette copped a feel of her new tits.

"What the hell? I think we should probably stop this now," stammered Chris, not taking his eyes off his girlfriend's new endowments.

"Oh, don't worry, babe," Bernadette reassured him with a kiss on the cheek. "The instructions say whoever wins get to choose which changes are permanent, and I trust everyone here enough to return us all to relatively normal looking humans. Now, I think it's Betty's turn?"

More than a bit apprehensively, Betty took the dice. Bernadette's words reassured her a little, and growing an extra pair of breasts didn't seem too bad, but who know what else was in those cards? And she didn't even want to think about what the blue cards might hold. Still, she couldn't just leave her friends hanging and they had to finish the game to return Bernadette to normal. Resigned to her fate, she took the die and rolled.

"Two," she muttered, realizing with horror that she was on a blue square. 

Her fear turned to confusion, however, as she saw the only word written on her card was "dominant". "Any ideas what that means?" she asked. As everyone puzzled over a possible meaning, Betty's fears about the game started to melt away. Instead, she grew angry that she had only rolled a two. She was a full four spaces behind Chris now! As she realized these thoughts were uncharacteristically competitive for her, she began to realize the meaning of her card. Well, a little more assertiveness wasn't the worst thing that could happen. In fact, it could help! She passed the dice to Shane, silently daring the game to do its worst.

Shane took the dice without hesitation. He was naturally adventurous, and most of the cards so far seemed pretty harmless. Rolling a three, he moved his token forward to a yellow square. Picking up his card, he read out, "Run around the block once."

"Well," he said, getting up. "This card would be a lot more interesting if Bernadette over there had got it."

"Oof, good thing I didn't," she replied. "I don't have two sports bras with me."

After Shane's uneventful run, Austin picked up the die. Well, he thought, he had wanted an exciting night, and it looked like he was going to get one. Rolling a six, he moved his piece up to join Chris's and drew his yellow card. "Masturbate yourself to orgasm," he read out loud.

"Wow, that went from zero to a hundred real fast," breathed Shane.

Austin looked around, trying to gauge everyone else's reactions. Chris seemed to be silently begging him not to do it, Bernadette looked curious as to what he would choose, Betty seemed to be daring him to do it, and Shane's face looked carefully neutral. 

"I can't, this is too weird," he muttered, pulling two red cards. He had wanted the game to turn sexual, but not like this. He wasn't even sure he could get it up with all that had been going on and everybody staring, even though Bernadette's change was kind of hot. Austin shook his head. He was beginning to regret buying this game.

His first card said, "Copy the changes of the player on your right." Looking over at Shane, Austin smiled at the freebie he had been dealt. Maybe he could get out of this turn scot free... Drawing his second card, he read just the word, "Naga".

"What's that?" he asked, looking around the room. The only one who showed any recognition was Bernadette, whose eyes had gone as wide as saucers. "What does that mean?" he asked, her idly scratching at his legs. They felt oddly dry. He reminded himself to buy some moisturizer.

"Maybe you should just look for yourself," Bernadette muttered, her eyes locked on Austin's legs.

Austin looked down to see that his legs were rapidly becoming covered in gold scales. He gasped in shock as they also started to lengthen and widen, tearing away his pants and boxers. The other players began to blush as they saw Austin's cock seem to split in two, then retreat into his body, along with his balls. Austin barely had time to process this development before his legs started to melt together. He felt them grow more flexible as they joined into one appendage. When the changes stopped, Austin looked down to see his torso resting on a 10-foot-long snake's tail. The others stared in shock as Austin lifted himself up on his new tail. He was easily able to touch the ceiling. "Whoa," he breathed, a smile starting to spread across his face. "This is actually kinda cool."

"Zero to a hundred again," muttered Shane.

Instinctively able to control his new muscles, Austin coiled his tail up beneath him and passed the dice to Chris.

Chris didn't know quite what to make of the game thus far. Once his initial shock at his girlfriend's transformation wore off, he started to try to figure out what sorts of chances would be in the rest of the cards. It had all seemed rather tame, even sexy in Bernadette's case, until Austin's turn. Both the challenge and transformation had been rather extreme, although Austin was looking rather pleased with his new body. Chris, however, wasn't sure he could handle something that drastic. Here goes nothing, he thought as he took the die from Austin and rolled. It came up a four, putting him on a red space. A blush rose to his face as he read, "Genitals x 2".

Chris immediately felt a stirring in his crotch, then something rubbing against his dick. The sensations soon doubled as nerve endings grew into what was quickly becoming his second member. Soon, the friction of his twin cocks rubbing against each other brought both of them to full erection, and the rest of the group could see a double bulge in his pants. He then felt a second pair of balls drop and became more aroused than ever before in his life as his body filled with extra testosterone. He glanced over to Bernadette, barely keeping himself from jumping her right then and there. Bernadette, for her own part, was staring hungrily at her boyfriend's crotch, all four of her nipples now clearly visible through her blouse. Never averting her gaze, she reached over to take the die.

Bernadette was ecstatic. She had never imagined the game could be this great. She was loving her own expanded rack, Austin's transformation was sexy as fuck, and now her boyfriend was twice the man he used to be. As she rolled, she wasn't sure whether she wasn't sure whether she wanted to land on a red square and be transformed further, or on a yellow square that would hopefully give her an excuse to give Chris's new package a little closer exploration.

Her roll of a three put her on a red square, and she drew her card, almost shaking in anticipation. Looking at her card, she just squealed with glee, and left in for Chris to pick it up and read, "Height x 2".

The growth started immediately, the formerly five-foot woman quickly catching up to her five foot seven boyfriend in size. As she continued on toward six feet, her clothing began to show signs of strain. Her top, already tight due to her extra breasts, was the first to go. It tore in half and fell to her sides, revealing her bottom pair of breasts. Her bra soon joined the blouse on the floor as Chris and Austin openly gawked at the now seven-foot tall four-breasted woman. Bernadette was loving the attention and made no effort to cover herself up as she continued to grow, soon shredding her pants, panties, and shoes. Now completely naked, her head hit the eight-foot roof and she had to crouch to add the last two. As her growth stopped at ten feet, Bernadette carefully sat back on the floor. She noted with satisfaction that Austin's twin dicks had reemerged and were standing fully erect, while Chris's pair looked about ready to burst out of his pants. Bernadette herself was more than a little turned on at the attention she was getting, and her juices began to soak the carpet under her.

Betty angrily grabbed the die. It was no fair that the others were getting the good transformations. She wanted to be the biggest and strongest, but Austin was half snake, and Bernadette was now over twice her height. She needed to land on a red square. She groaned in disappointment as the die landed on a one. Not only was it the worst roll, but it put her on a lousy yellow square. She drew the card and read "Share one of your changes with another player." Scoffing, she immediately put it down and drew two red cards. Her only change so far was to her personality, and she sure didn't want anyone else trying to take charge of the game.

Her disappointment turned to satisfaction as her first card read, "Copy the changes of the player across from you." Hoping the game would choose Austin, as since there were an odd number of players she wasn't quite sure who was "across" from her, she was soon rewarded with the sight of dark brown scales spreading across her legs. Excitedly stripping off her pants and underwear, she watched as her legs joined and grew to form a snake's tail like Austin's had. And just as Austin's cock had split into two, Betty noticed her clitoris also doubled, before her vagina transformed into a serpentine slit. Making a mental note to explore this development later, she was about to draw her second card, when a pleasurable sensation in her nethers alerted her to the opening of a second pussy next to the first. So she had copied, both Austin and Chris's changes, she mused. This could prove very interesting indeed.

She drew her second card, but became annoyed as it simply read "pregnant". She threw the card down in disgust. That is not what she needed right now. Betty's midsection, around where her human and snake halves met, began to bulge outwards. Her already large D-cup breasts began to grow, too, beginning to strain at her bra. Betty tried to ignore the pressure, but soon noticed wet spots forming on the front of her shirt. While Betty would normally have been mortified by unexpected public lactation, now she was just annoyed. Unhooking her bra and taking it off relieved the pressure and stopped any new milk from leaking out. Her shirt almost looked like a bra at this point anyway, having ridden up above her 7-months pregnant belly and strained by her now F-cup breasts.

Although annoyed by her unexpected pregnancy, Betty was overall very happy with how her turn had gone. Her 15-foot snake tail meant that she was now the largest player in the game, and she loved the feel of the powerful muscles within it. The fact that she now had two vaginas and four clits was a welcome bonus.

Shane nervously took the dice from Betty. Although he was the only player who was still completely unchanged, and desired to keep it that way since the last few cards had shown that anything goes, he was starting to feel a bit intimidated by the two snake people and the giantess now in the room. Rolling a six, he took his yellow card and read "Remove your clothes." Given that three of the other four players were also showing their junk now, he felt that this was a reasonable request and quickly stripped. He was proud of his toned body anyway, and had no qualms about the other players seeing it. Betty and Bernadette looked on with interest, noting Shane's sleek musculature and five-inch flaccid cock, but he was slightly less impressive than he otherwise would have been, given that they were both twice his height now.

Austin took the die, a bit miffed that Betty had copied his cool snake change, and secretly hoping to once again get something awesome and unique that might set him apart. He rolled a six and drew his yellow card, reading "Have sex with the player on your left." By this point Austin was not at all surprised at the game requesting him to have sex with somebody, but a quick glance at Chris's expression made it very clear that neither of them would enjoy that experience. Instead Austin, somewhat excitedly, drew his two red cards. He groaned as he read them, "hermaphrodite" and "merman".

This was the exact opposite of what he wanted, both of these were significantly less awesome than his previous naga transformation. His scales started to change to those of a fish, and fins grew along his tail, as Chris, thinking quickly, rushed outside and came back with a kiddie pool and the end of a garden hose. Austin gratefully got in as gills started to form along his sides, the process facilitated by his shrinking tail. Pulling off his shirt, he freed his new gills and started breathing. Breathing underwater was a wonderful new sensation, but it was soon overshadowed by the other part of his change. A wave of pleasure washed over Austin as a vagina opened up beneath his once again human-looking penis. As his changes stopped, he pulled his front half out of the water, adjusting to breathe with his lungs and gills simultaneously and trying his hardest not to look like the scene in "The Little Mermaid" where she pulls herself up on the rock. On the plus side, his upper body looked more muscular, as if he had been a swimmer all his life. Still, though, it was a far cry less impressive than a giant snake-man.

Chris picked up the die, not knowing what to expect. On one hand, most of the changes so far had seemed harmless, or even fun. On the other, Betty was beginning to worry him. The other players seemed to be too focused on the other weird stuff going on to notice, but she was acting really out of character. Chris finally figured out exactly what Betty's card had meant, and it was terrifying that it had caused that much of a change in her personality. Since it was the only blue card that had been drawn the whole game, however, he had no way of knowing if that was as extreme as they got, or if all blue cards were that powerful. His two dicks were also making it hard to concentrate, with his giant, naked, four-breasted girlfriend next to him and the gravid, lactating Betty across from him. 
