 Seven years had passed since the five of them had played the game. Seven years since Bernadette had been a normal person, with a normal body. Of course, it could have been worse. Much worse.

Bernadette looked glanced over at her husband, Chris, as he sat at the kitchen table reading the paper and eating breakfast. Before they had played the game, Chris had been a fairly average-looking young man. Now as he read the paper in just a pair of boxers, his changes were clear to see. The undeniably female body that Chris now occupied looked oddly similar to his old male self, almost like if he had had a sister. He certainly wasn't bad-looking as a girl, with his cute complexion and gentle curves. This was little consolation to Chris, though, as for several years he tried to get his male body back. He found that hormone therapy didn't work- the magic of the game seemed to keep his body the way it had left it. For that reason, he was reluctant to try surgery. He didn't want to fork over that much money and deal with a hospital stay if the game was just going to change him back the moment he left, as he suspected it would. So he kept his hair cut short, bound his breasts whenever he went out, and learned how to apply makeup to make his face seem more masculine. With a little practice he was able to pass for a slightly effeminate-looking man. It certainly helped that he retained all his old masculine mannerisms. His voice was the hardest part, but with years of trying he was able to get it to the point where it could conceivably belong to a man or woman. Today, though, was Saturday, and he had no plans to go out, so he wore no makeup and left his breasts on full display. It was just easier that way.

The change had been a strain on their relationship at first. Bernadette was straight, and while she loved Chris, she wasn't sure how comfortable she would be in a relationship with someone who had a female body. On the other hand, Chris wasn't completely female. The game had mercifully left him with his cock, and given him an extra one to boot. Sex had been helpful for Chris in those early days. Pounding Bernadette let him feel masculine again. And Bernadette loved the feeling of his twin cocks pumping in and out of her own two pussies, although she did request they stick to doggy-style so she wouldn't see her husband's more feminine assets. Eventually, though, she started longing for more tender, emotionally connected sex. The first time they tried missionary after the change was odd for both of them, with Bernadette watching the woman's body on top of her, and Chris feeling his naked C-cup breasts rub against Bernadette's four B-cups for the first time. Eventually, though, Bernadette had grown to like it, and become attracted to Chris's new body. She wasn't sure if it was magic from the game (Chris had also shown a bisexual side for the first time while playing) or simply her love for Chris inspiring a desire for his new body, but looking upon his naked breasts now caused both her pussies to moisten. She had even tried eating him out a few times, letting him try out his new pair of vaginas.

Yes, Bernadette thought, as she looked over her husband's mostly nude form. It could have been much worse. They could have wound up like Austin, who as far as either of them new was still living in the lake behind their old university and seducing unwary co-eds. 

The other friends who had played with them had turned out better. Betty, an aspiring singer, had found it was now easy to get gigs at certain kinds of clubs thanks to her expanded bustline. At one of these performances, she was noticed by a record executive and was now recording her first album.

Shane, that lucky SOB, had come away from the game completely unchanged. He later joined an acting troupe out in Maryland, and Bernadette and Chris were planning on taking a trip out to see one of his shows.

Chris and Bernadette had moved away after graduation and lost contact with most of the people they had known. It was easier than trying to explain Chris's sudden change in appearance. Bernadette was able to hide her new pair of boobs, given that she was naturally small-chested, but even with all his efforts Chris still looked noticeably different. The only people from school they had kept in contact with were Shane and Betty, the only two who would understand what had happened. The four of them had grown close after their shared experience, and Shane and Betty were the best man and maid of honor at Chris and Bernadette's wedding. They still tried to keep in touch as often as they could.

Bernadette had gotten a job as a middle school art teacher and Chris was an engineer with a small but well-known local firm, so they didn't have to worry about money. Their close friends knew Chris was trans, although what exactly his situation was they never could have guessed. All in all, their lives were starting to return to a semblance of normalcy. Until Bernadette hung up the phone call that had started all this retrospection and said the one thing Chris thought he would never hear.

"It's Gabby. She found the game."

The game had disappeared immediately after they had finished playing it and, try as they might, they were never able to track it down again, or even figure out what store Austin had bought it from to try and find out if there was an antidote.

Chris nearly choked on his bite of pancakes.

"Where did she find it? Does she know what it is?"

"She doesn't have a clue. Bought it at some new store at the mall, said she knows we like board games so she thought of us. Wants us to come over this evening and play."

"No way. You gotta tell her what is actually is."

Bernadette had been excited the first time they found the game. She had been really into magic and the occult in college, and though that fascination had cooled after their ordeal, she felt the curiosity start to rise in her again.

"Are you sure? This could be your one chance to get your old body back."

"Yeah, or I could turn into some horrifying monster and run off into the woods like Austin. I've finally gotten used to this body, I'm not about to take my chances with that game again. Besides, Gabby has no idea what she's getting into. We can't let her take such a big risk just to maybe cure me."

"Well, how about we go over there tonight and explain what the game actually is, and then see if she wants to go through with it. Besides, this time we'll be more experienced. Maybe we'll be able to avoid most of the ill effects. And Gabby really does have the perfect house for this. She lives in a mostly empty new subdivision, with a big lake out back. It couldn't hurt to at least pay her a visit."

"If you say so," Chris said wearily. "Although if I didn't know better I'd think you were looking forward to this."

*****

Nine hours later found the couple driving toward Gabby's house. Chris glanced over at Bernadette in the passenger seat. She was breathing heavily and had that look in her eye that Chris normally saw right before she would pull off his clothes and start licking his cocks or his tits.

"You're excited for this, aren't you?"

"Maybe just a little bit..." Bernadette admitted. "You can't deny that we did have some fun playing last time. And everything would have turned out fine if anyone other than Austin had won."

She wasn't wrong, Chris thought. Sex with Betty had been amazing, and in the end he had even enjoyed getting fucked in the ass by Shane. But it was easy for Bernadette to focus on the positives. The only permanent change to her life was that she couldn't wear bikinis anymore. And sure, having two vaginas was a pain for one week a month, but the sex during the other three more than made up for it.

At the thought of sex, Chris felt his dicks rub against each other as they began to harden in his shorts. He had been much hornier after the change, with twice as much testosterone as he had before, as well as a whole slew of new female hormones. Luckily, Bernadette was insatiable. Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw her gaze make its way to the large bulge he was now sporting. Well, if she had her mind set on playing, might as well make the most of it.

"You're okay with the possibility of me having sex with Gabby?" he asked.

Gabby was the drama teacher at Bernadette's school, and one of Bernadette's closest friends. They made for an odd pair, Gabby being bubbly and outgoing as compared to Bernadette's more laid-back, introspective nature. Despite their differences, they had bonded as the only two young teachers in their small rural school when they were starting out. Somewhat more pertinent to Chris's question, though, Gabby was also gorgeous. A tall, well-built Scandinavian beauty, she could easily have been a model. Why she hadn't moved west and tried her luck in Hollywood, Bernadette couldn't say at first. But she soon found that her friend had a real passion for teaching. And it certainly helped her keep her class under control that all the boys had a crush on her and would do whatever she said.

"Of course I'm fine with it," Bernadette responded. "I know what the game entails."

She was also secretly hoping that the game might give her some excuse to fool around with Gabby. After she had started becoming attracted to Chris's female form, she soon found herself lusting after her voluptuous friend as well. As far as she knew, Gabby was straight as an arrow, and Bernadette would never cheat on her husband, but she found herself looking forward to the opportunities the game might present.

They pulled into Gabby's driveway and rang her doorbell. She greeted them with hugs at the door, and Chris and Bernadette each felt a mix of aroused and awkward as the tall blonde's DD cups pressed against their chests. Gabby on the other hand, seemed oblivious to their predicament.

"Oh, I'm so glad the two of you could make it," she gushed. "I want you to meet Judy, she just moved in next door," Gabby continued, ushering the two of them into the dining room and gesturing to the short, slim, dark-haired girl who already sat at the table. Judy shyly waved at them, while Chris noted with some concern that the game was already set up. "I figured, the more the merrier, so I invited her over too. Sort of a welcome-to-the-neighborhood party. Of course, there's not much neighborhood yet, with all these empty houses, but we're getting there." She sat down at the table and picked up the die. "You're just in time, we were about to start without you."

Before Chris or Bernadette could say anything, she rolled the die and moved her piece forward two spaces. "Okay, that's a blue card for me," she said, drawing from the top of the deck. "Increase IQ by 50. Well, how am I supposed to act that out? It's not like there are any math problems for me to do or anything."

Bernadette was about to explain the nature of the game, when Gabby suddenly froze, then blinked and shook her head. "That's odd..." she murmured to herself. "My mind feels... clearer, somehow."

"The game is real," Chris blurted out. "It's magic and it really changes you!"

Gabby and Judy just stared at him like he was crazy. They looked towards Bernadette, who just nodded.

"Well, I'm glad you two are getting into the role-playing aspect already," Gabby said cautiously, handing the die to Judy. She did feel different, but that must just be the power of suggestion. There's no way a board game could instantly make you smarter.

Judy took the die, wondering what she had gotten herself into. She had been looking forward to a nice quiet night in her new house, when her neighbor had invited her over to play a board game. Gabby was nice enough, although a little too outgoing for Judy's taste, but her friends seemed... weird. Judy had been apprehensive at the thought of a role-playing game with people she didn't even know, but Gabby's friends were getting way too into it. Hopefully it would be over soon and she could go home.

Judy rolled the die and moved her piece forward four spaces. She picked up her red card and her eyes widened. She hurriedly put her card down on the table and stood up to leave.

"I'm sorry, I... I can't do this right now," she stammered, grabbing her jacket off the back of the chair. Suddenly, she froze and her eyes got even wider. With the jacket half on, she rushed into the bathroom and slammed the door.

Curious, Gabby picked up her card and read it. "Wow, I didn't think the game was going to be this raunchy," she mused.

"What does it say?" asked Chris.

"Change genitals."

Just then a scream tore through the air, coming from the bathroom.

"I guess it is real, then," mused Gabby.

Judy stood in the bathroom, holding her skirt around her waist and looking at her reflection in the full length mirror. She had never seen a penis in real life before, but there was no mistaking the one that now sprouted from between her legs, hanging limply out one side of her panties. It was only about four inches long flaccid, but to Judy looked absolutely huge on her slim body. She closed her eyes, willing it to go away. There was no way it could be real, after all. Magic doesn't exist in real life. However, when she opened her eyes again it was still there. Nervously, she tucked it into her underwear, wincing at the unfamiliar sensations. When a knock came on the bathroom door, she hurriedly smoothed down her skirt and answered. The others were standing outside with concerned looks on their faces. Judy wanted to be mad at them for making her play this game, but the shock and fear were overriding all other emotions.

"How... What is this game?"

"We tried to warn you, but it'll be okay," Bernadette reassured her. "At the end of the game, the person who wins can change us all back. But we have to finish it."

"You two have played this before?" asked Gabby.

"Yeah," answered Chris. "We wanted to come over and tell you about it before you started playing, but you rolled before we got the chance."

"It must not be that bad, then, if you were willing to play again."

"Well, the thing is, the guy who won last time? Well, he didn't change us back all the way. You know I'm trans, right?"

Gabby nodded.

"Well, I was actually born male. The game changed me into a woman and the winner decided to keep me that way. So we were hoping that if you were still down to play after knowing what the game can do, we might be able to use it to change me back."

"What other sorts of changes were there?"

"Stop, I don't want to hear about it," moaned Judy. "Let's just get back and get this over with."

"I'm sure you'll see by the time this is over, anyway," remarked Bernadette as they made their way back to the table.

Chris sat to Judy's left, and picked up the die. I can't believe I'm actually doing this, he thought as he rolled. It came up five and he moved his token. Great, a blue space on the first roll, he thought. He picked up his card and read out, "Mind controlled".

"Huh, I don't remember this one," he remarked. "Wonder what it means."

"Well, hand me the die and I'm sure we'll find out sooner or later," responded Bernadette.

Suddenly, Chris felt his arm move on its own. It picked up the die from in front of him and placed it in front of Bernadette. She caught the momentary confusion in his eye and grinned. "Looks like you finally have to do whatever I tell you, hun," she teased.

"Take off your sock," ordered Gabby from across the table. Again, against his will, Chris's arm reached down and removed the specified garment. "Well, I guess you have to listen to all of us."

A nervous look crossed Chris's face. He trusted everyone here, but he wasn't sure how the game might mess with their minds. Once more, he started to question his decision to play.

Bernadette, on the other hand, was getting ready for a fun night. So far, Gabby's change had been positive, Judy's would be sexy as fuck if she could get the shy girl out of that skirt, and Chris's though weird, was kinda kinky. She blew onto the die for good luck and let it drop on the table. It came up four, and she moved her piece ahead to sit with Judy's. Bernadette smiled. The physical changes were her favorites, and she mentally prepared herself for the sensations of changing as she drew her card. She almost squealed with delight as she read it, and quickly shed her pants so they wouldn't be ruined by the upcoming change.

"What are you doing?!" gasped Judy as Bernadette stripped down.

"Getting ready to turn into a centaur!" replied she replied excitedly.

Both the other women seemed startled as Bernadette nonchalantly revealed her two vaginas. But that shock was nothing compared to their surprise when two legs began to grow out of her torso.

Bernadette had been a centaur once before, but she hadn't got to experience the change herself. It was everything she expected as she felt her lower torso lengthen and her two front legs reach down to touch the floor. She shivered a little bit as fur grew along her lower body, and her spine lengthened into a horse's tail. Her feet changed into hooves as her horse half rapidly grew and gained muscle until she was a full draft mare from the waist down.

"Wow, this is awesome," she grinned, flicking her tail and pawing at the ground with her front hoof. She looked up and saw that her head was now only inches below the ceiling.

"Maybe if this is how the game is going to go, we should move outside?" ventured Gabby, still staring in awe at the centaur before her.

"Will anyone see us?" asked Chris.

"No, the house on one side of mine is Judy's, and on the other side is empty. Across the lake is just a forest, so nobody should be able to see us."

Luckily, Gabby's house had a sliding glass door in the back so Bernadette was able to get out, although she still had to duck. The night was warm, and Bernadette took her new body for a test run around Gabby's backyard while the others set up the game again on her patio table.

"Man, you guys gotta try this," laughed Bernadette as she cantered up to the table. She winked at Chris and flicked her tail. "Or maybe I can take you for a ride later."

Gabby took the die and mentally prepared herself to roll. Any doubt about the game that was lingering in her mind had vanished when she saw Bernadette's transformation. So that meant she really had gotten smarter. She didn't think she necessarily knew more than she did before, it just felt like she was able to think better. She felt more inquisitive. She was almost looking forward to seeing where her next roll would take her, if only out of curiosity.

She rolled a six, putting her on another blue square. She took her card and read out, "arousal increased." It began immediately, as Gabby felt a warmth rush over her entire body. Every nerve was tingling, every inch of skin begging to be touched. She felt herself grow moist and her nipples grow erect as she tried not to think about the organ Judy was now sporting under her skirt. Gabby slowly handed the die to her neighbor, avoiding eye contact.

Judy apprehensively took the die. She was a more than a bit nervous at the sexual bent the game seemed to be taking. Judy was a virgin, not because she was against sex or anything, it was simply something that had never happened to her. As she rolled, she wondered if tonight would change that. A roll of four put her on the same blue space as Gabby. She was aghast as her card read, "copy the mental changes of the player on your right".

Although she was a shy virgin, Judy was no prude and had played with herself on occasion. This arousal, though, felt very different. The sensations in her breasts were the same, but her attention was drawn to the alien stiffening in her crotch. Her cock felt heavy as it slipped out of her panties, and she hoped fervently that nobody noticed the tent in her skirt under the table. As it was, she was certain they could all see her nipples. Judy barely even registered the effects of the advanced intelligence, the lust was so strong. She found herself wondering what Chris had in his pants as she passed the die to her left.
