 Molly's life was blessed.

Molly had long wanted to be an actress and her first big movie was days away from its premiere to the public. The critics who had already seen it loved it. All the Hollywood stars who were long established enjoyed seeing its debut the night before. The blonde woman of forty-three had always settled for commercials or guest spots on sitcoms, and not the kind of guest spots that would attract attention. She had even played a dead body on one of the big prime time cop dramas. Hopefully, the days of digging for crap roles were over now that she had finally been 'discovered'.

Molly's marriage was blessed as well. Her husband had just been promoted to Chief Detective at the police department, and he himself was only forty-seven. They had easily been able to afford their new home in the hills of Malibu, a home they had just moved into three months prior. It was in the elaborate kitchen of this home where Molly found herself that late morning, sitting at the island of her kitchen in her cotton robe with her chin in her hand and her long blonde hair dancing before her eyes. Her husband, David, was in his suit and tie at the sink. He was doing all he could to not have to go into work that day, being that his wife's big screen debut was coming up. He couldn't be more happy for his wife of ten years and he hoped she would stop worrying about what tomorrow would bring. He wanted to see her being excited for all she had achieved, not stressed.

"The critics love it." David reminded her. "You know people will too."

"I know. I just ... I don't want this to be a one-time thing. I don't want to be Megan Fox or someone like that. I want to be respected for my acting."

David turned the water off and looked to his wife with a sigh.

"You're twice as talented as any bimbo in Hollywood and four times more beautiful than that Megan Fox." He told her. It was true. Molly was gorgeous, and she was just not used to people looking at her like that. For years, her husband had told her how beautiful she was, but she never felt beautiful. She never had been beautiful or glamorous or the kind of woman that young boys would search for on the internet. She had never been on a 'top list' of sexy women, and she had definitely never got offers for lingerie ads or photo shoots. Yet because now that she was in the spotlight, the cameras couldn't get enough of her.

Exhausted, Molly just sat in her white robe at the island of the kitchen and tried to relax her senses. The truth was that Molly had doubts about her abilities as an actress and felt that some other dumb luck had helped her get to where she was. David knew she was stressed so he walked up to his lovely wife and eased his hands around her shoulders. As he began to massage her neck and smile down at his celebrity wife, he begged for the tension in her to dissolve. He rubbed her neck with his masculine hands and tried to remove the worries inside her body through his caresses. Molly closed her eyes and smiled at his touch. She knew how much her husband loved her with or without her fame and looks. He had asked to marry her long before she be blossomed into the sensational beauty she was today. Then, as the glamorous star in her white robe opened her eyes again, the stress she was going through and the anxiety her husband was attempted to take away from her came back in a tidal wave of shock. As her blue eyes opened up, she saw the last thing she expected to see that morning.

Across the kitchen sitting on the counter top behind her husband was a young, sexy, enchanting teenager with long, light purple hair that danced far down her body. This slender girl just sat on the counter top in an orange robe; a robe that dazzled with sparkles and a faint neon orange glow. Molly said nothing as this young girl of roughly eighteen yawned a powerful but silent yawn, stretching her arms from her tiny body. As she stretched, her orange robe opened, revealing bare breasts that were nothing short of mountains of perfection. As her elbows straightened, this young girl let Molly look at her naked 32HH breasts that were stacked atop of her petite frame. Then, this young babe let her arms collapse upon her lap. She crossed one of her legs over the other, opening up her robe even more and showing Molly her bare thighs. As the teen fixed her robe over her tiny body and giant breasts, it was perfectly clear to Molly that as this lovely young girl who now sat on her countertop was indeed completely naked under her dazzling robe. All this sexy guest wore was that robe, some fantastic knee-high boots, and a luxurious assortment of jewelry on her ears, neck, and wrists. This girl just smiled back at Molly as she pressed her finger against her lips, letting Molly know that she needed to be quiet or her husband would think something wasn't right in his kitchen.

"Just relax, honey." David said, unaware of the teenager with purple hair behind him. "Everything will be fine."

With his back to the teen, David failed to notice an orange float up onto the air from the island of his kitchen. He didn't realize that this fruit was weightless behind him and now moving toward the robed teen. He did not see it begin to un-peel itself as the young girl just stared at it, smiling at its sweetness. David was too busy giving his wife a soft massage to notice this orange split into sections all on its own, each piece floating in mid-air before the busty young girl as she held out her palm for each piece to land. The floating peel was quickly ripped to shreds; shreds of orange rind that became so tiny that they were invisible to the human eye.

As the robed girl popped a piece of the orange into her mouth, David leaned down and kissed his wife. Molly snapped out of the sight of the teen in her kitchen just in time to kiss her husband, trying to pretend that nothing was out of the ordinary. David rose from the kiss and brushed his hand through his wife's long, blonde hair, and then turned back around towards the sink. The purple haired teen saw David turn her way and gasped as she was about to be discovered in his home. In her gasp, the lovely young teenager in the ornate robe simply vanished into thin air, leaving no trace she was even there in the first place. The teenager, the robe, the boots, the orange; everything just simply vanished in an instant. Oblivious to everything, David calmly turned back to the sink having attempted to calm his stressing wife.

In a zip of orange light, the young teen reappeared on the stool next to Molly, mimicking Molly's pose and munching on another slice of her orange. In her own white robe, Molly's eyes looked up the teen's thigh and got a closer look at her fantastic orange robe. The robe itself wasn't made of anything that Molly had ever seen. Whatever fabric it was made out of swirled within itself like clouds or galaxies full of stars. Her sleeves hung far down her arms and ended with dazzling amber diamonds. Molly's eyes flowed up the cosmic robe and along the lovely cleavage of the teenager's breasts. Her breasts were exceptionally round and firm, a perfection that matched her large, white smile and dazzling eyes. It was this teenager's own eyes that really captured Molly's attention more than anything, for they were rainbows. Circles of green and blue and red and yellow formed form her irises, constantly flowing and changing colors as the teen just smiled back at the blonde movie star after popping another slice of orange into her mouth. With her galactic robe still hanging from her body, she gave Molly a tiny playful wave to go along with her white smile.

"What are you doing here right now?" Molly mouthed without saying a word. The teen said nothing. She just smiled back at Molly and began to poke the air before her; poking the air as if she was dialing a giant phone. After several pokes, the teen just smiled, shrugged, and waited. Neither Molly nor this beautiful young babe had to wait long as David's phone suddenly rang from the other room. 

"Oh shoot!" David cried. "That better not be Glen." Molly turned from the teen to her husband as he shut off the water in the sink. Her eyes shot back to the teenager next to her, but all she saw were a few orange bits of glowing glitter where the teen once sat. This glitter fell like fiery embers onto her wood stool before disappearing completely. Molly's husband dried his hands and darted out of the kitchen, still completely unaware of the strange visitor who had come to see his wife.

Molly found herself alone in the kitchen for only a few seconds with the teenager reappeared out of thin air again. This time, the five-foot-three-inch teen with the monumental 32HH breasts stood where David had once been, allowing the sun to pierce the window and dazzle her pale skin and glittery robe. The slender, short babe with the lovely, round breasts just smiled as she completed her materialization from oblivion. The teen let out a soft moan as if an eager finger ran up between the lips of her tight pussy each time she disappeared and reappeared again by use of some kind of strange magic. The young girl left her robe completely open before Molly so Molly's eyes could roam from her sexy collar bones, down around her giant, globular breasts, down her hard, firm stomach, down her tight, shaven pussy, down her sexy, slender thighs, and finally to the giant orange knee-high boots that matched her cosmic robe. Molly also saw this teenager was wearing several necklaces around her tiny neck, necklaces that either tied tightly around her neck or hung so low that they danced around her belly button. The sleeves of her robe were far too long as Molly could hardly see her glowing fingernails that were attached to her dainty fingers. Naked and unashamed, the teenager with long, light purple hair just stood in the fancy kitchen as if it was her own.

"What are you doing here?" Molly repeated, this time whispering but wanting to shout.

"Oh come now. It's been a month or so." The teenager said in her normal voice.

"Shhh!" Molly begged.

"He can't hear me, you know that. Just chill."

Molly was about to lose her mind. This was not the first time the gorgeous young teenager had simply appeared in her home and she knew it would not be the last. She knew this girl all too well; this girl was named Celeste. Molly had the fortunate chance to meet Celeste at a restaurant no more than three years ago. Celeste was just a cute waitress at the time and Molly was a struggling actress. After prying into Molly's business late one night, Celeste told her that she could help her achieve her career goals with the promise that Molly would help her with her own needs. It was a stupid joke, but to amuse the young teenager, Molly agreed. As much as Molly did not believe that this young teen could help her succeed in Hollywood, there was no doubt that everything changed after that night. Within a week of meeting Celeste, the phones started ringing and soon Molly landed the starring role in the movie which was premiering the next day. At first thought to be some fluke coincidence, Celeste appeared at Molly's home within hours after signing her movie contract. With a cute smile, a longing look, and dressed in the exact same attire she had on this particular afternoon, Celeste literally appeared before Molly and revealed she was indeed behind her success.

This was because the cute waitress Celes te, who was only eighteen years old, was secretly a powerful sorceress.

Molly learned quickly that this young girl wasn't just some cute teenage waitress as she teleported around her home in a blink of an eye. Three years ago, as Molly tried to escape her promise to 'help Celeste with her needs'; she found the teenager had cast a spell upon her home. The doors of her house looped infinitely as every door she opened led to her bedroom. As Molly tried to call for help on her phone as this powerful enchantress locked her in her home, she watched as her phone turned to ash in her hands. As Celeste dropped her orange robe from her naked body and stood before the rising star, Molly found her own sexual desires altered. She found her own clothes removed instantly as the youthful hand of the teenager pointed at her. She soon felt her naked body fall back on to her bed, a bed that was suddenly more comfortable than ever before. As the busty teenager crawled on top of her, she realized that her body was more excited by the young girl's touch than anything David ever had done for her.

That afternoon, Molly's secret love affair with the teenage sorceress began.

That afternoon, Celeste did more than just give Molly a career. With her thoughts, she gave Molly unparalleled beauty. With her touch, she gave Molly immeasurable pleasure. With her tongue, she brought Molly to the greatest orgasm she had ever experienced. Together, the older babe and the young teen fucked each other senseless, touching and licking and sucking and caressing each other to no end. They kissed and rolled and cuddled tightly as Molly had her first lesbian experience with a girl who, for whatever reason, had magical powers that no one would ever believe existed. Then, with a wink and a smile, this slender teenager burst into orange light as David returned home to congratulate his wife. The pretty young girl disappeared from sight before her eyes, an ability that Molly would have to get used to. Thanks to Celeste's sorcery, Molly's lesbian love affair with the powerful enchanted teenager was kept secret for three long years. It was rare for Celeste to visit, yet right as Molly had forgotten about this magical creature who bring her such sexual gratification, she would return to her home to again ask for 'help with her needs'.

It was in that kitchen where Molly found Celeste again. Celeste, who had not aged a day since they met three years ago, strutted her nudity right up to the older woman. With her husband in the other room, Molly was lost in Celeste's naked spell as Celeste's long robe draped around her tiny body. The young magician's round breasts pushed outward from her beauty into Molly's eyes. Her nipples sparkling with the same glow as her magical eyes did, calling not only to Molly's eyes but to her lips as well. Her dainty hand began to glow with her godly powers as it rose up to Molly's worried cheek and caressed her slightly. The girl with the rainbow eyes smiled at her older lover, easing her worries with a mere caress upon her cheek. The sorceress granted the celebrity serenity with her touch, one of seven million magical spells that Molly realized this teenager had. Unable to question where Celeste learned such impossible magic, Molly couldn't help but rub her face against Celeste's hand as if her mere touch was a drug she had become addicted to.

"Relax, babe." Celeste said, and Molly did as she was told. "We need to celebrate our success."

"I can't." Molly said as she nuzzled against the teenager's hand. "David's not going into work today. We can't be alone until next week."

Nonsense.

Celeste closed her rainbow eyes and knew the universe had to be altered. With her towering breasts sitting before Molly's eyes and her tight pussy waiting between her legs, Celeste's mouth seemed to mumble something silently. The powerful teenage sorceress kept her hand upon her lover's cheek as she altered the cosmos to fit her young needs. Her orange robe that swirled with a mysterious power seemed to brighten with a luminance that caught Molly's eye, lighting up as Celeste cast her powerful spell. Yet, as Molly heard the clacking of her husband's shoes upon the wood hallway, her attention was taken from the naked teen sorceress to the doorway where her husband was about to appear from. As the suited man stepped into the kitchen, Molly no longer felt Celeste's hand upon her cheek. With the soothing sensation of Celeste's magic no longer upon her face, she turned back and saw that the purple-haired babe was no longer there.

"Babe. That was Glen. He's gonna call back in a second, but I may have to run down to the station." David said with a sigh. Honesty was in his voice as he didn't want to have to run into work on the eve of his wife's big debut to the world.

"That's okay, hon." Molly said with a smile, knowing that her teenager lover could just move people around like pieces on a chess board.

As Molly and David spoke, the naked teenager appeared in the doorway behind David and out of sight. In a small flash of orange light, the short girl materialized from the air around her, her arms braced up against the sides of the door and her naked body put on display without shame. After all a body as glorious and as perfect as Celeste's should not have to be covered up by clothing; it was meant to be seen and admired. Molly looked past her husband and saw that the giggling young babe had reappeared, keeping her robe even more open than before as her nudity rested in the doorway. As if to lure Molly away from her husband, Celeste licked her lips as her rainbow eyes and towering breasts called to her. With her robe almost off of her shoulders and her juicy pussy resting between her firm thighs, Celeste lowered her hands from the edges of the door and pointed up towards the ceiling.

"I'll be waiting." Celeste told Molly, knowing well and good that her magical voice could not be heard by anyone but her lover.

With her body on display and her hands at her sides, Celeste then looked up towards the ceiling and smiled. As easily as standing up from a chair, Celeste's tiny body suddenly lifted up off the tile floor as she looked above. Molly just sat with her husband and watched as this young teenager elegantly floated up off of the ground, drifting higher and higher in her own kitchen as if it was common for young girls to be able to fly. With her long, orange robe hanging from her naked body and her glittery boots climbing up to her knees, the beautiful sorceress used her magical ability to fly to move right up into the air above Molly's kitchen.

Celeste's assent did not slow as this young girl's face, neck, breasts, and torso began to slip through the solid ceiling like it was a pool of water sitting above her. The magical body of the young sorceress could not be stopped by solid matter as her barren pussy, young thighs, and long, orange boots disappeared through the ceiling, leaving Molly and David to talk.

"That's okay, honey." Molly said after having watched the naked teenager float up into the air and out of her kitchen through the ceiling. "I think I'm just gonna take a shower. I'll be fine."

With a kiss, Molly stepped around her husband, leaving him to his important job. With her own white robe stopping just below the perfect ass that Celeste had perfected for her with her sorcery, the lovely blonde woman walked down the hallway and scurried up the stairs. As her bare toes pressed into the off-white carpet, she wondered what impossibilities waited for her in her own home. During her lesbian affair with the young girl, she had witnessed so many impossible things that she questioned the very fabric of space and time. She also questioned how this young girl was able to do the things that she did. How did the teenager become a powerful sorceress? Was there anything the young girl could not do with her powers? How had she not aged since they met? Was she some immortal being? Or was she just a lucky teenager who learned some cool magic spells? The answers to those questions would not change anything as Molly walked down the hall to her master bedroom. Molly had to accept that the waitress she had met three years ago was really a magical teenager because everything Celeste did was totally real. There was no denying she was a spectacular sorceress who could now manipulate the natural world with her mind.

As Molly approached the master bedroom upstairs, she heard the water of the shower flowing strong. As she opened the door and closed it tightly behind her, she saw Celeste's boots resting on the carpet of her luxurious room, unzipped and tossed carelessly onto the floor. She saw glittery footprints on the floor of her carpet, footprints that lead to the bathroom where the warm steam was starting to drift from. Molly knew that, despite this home and this bedroom belonging to her husband and herself that she had in fact stepped into Celeste's cosmic realm. While her bedroom seemed to be every bit the same as it had been this morning, there was no telling as to what could happen now that Celeste's magic had arrived.
