 Chapter 01: Revelation

It had been over six months since Cindy saw Hannah, and she would be there at any minute.

Cindy lived alone in an apartment in the middle of the city. Her party attitude had not faded since college and she had a knack for being a bit of an outgoing girl. She tried to keep her life exciting by venturing into one-night-stands and hook ups with both guys and girls. In fact that is how she met Hannah. One drunken night in a bar led to Cindy taking this cute blonde girl home with her for the most amazing night of sex Cindy had ever had.

 Cindy doesn't remember much of that night, as she was fairly drunk, but what she does remember was magical. She remembers Hannah's touch and how Hannah really knew what Cindy wanted. It wasn't one of those 'a girl knows what a girl wants' sort of things; it was different.

 It had been over six months since Cindy saw Hannah, and she would be there at any minute. Cindy tried and tried but could not get the fireplace to start. So much for setting the mood.

 When Cindy woke after her one night stand, Hannah was gone, and all that was left was a note that said 'see you again soon'. Cindy had no recollection of her leaving, but then again, she was drunk. 

 Hannah's absence that morning was actually a good thing. The last thing Cindy wanted was for her boyfriend to find out that she had sex with a girl and he wasn't invited. Now Hannah wasn't the hottest girl that Cindy had hooked up with, but she was a lot of fun, and her boyfriend still would have wanted to join.

 But her boyfriend was now her ex-boyfriend, and Hannah was coming over.

 It had been over six months since Cindy saw Hannah, and Cindy still couldn't get the fireplace started. 

 Cindy broke up with her boyfriend no more than a week ago when she got a call from Hannah. Cindy couldn't remember if she gave Hannah her phone number or not. Maybe she had, but her timing was too perfect. Single again, Cindy wanted to see Hannah again without fear, and sober.

 Now Cindy had no intention of dating Hannah at all. She wasn't a lesbian. Not that it mattered if she was, as she really had no close family or friends to judge her. Honestly, she didn't prefer labels. She was going to be with who she wanted to be with on any given night from now on, guy or girl.

Cindy wondered how she looked as she checked herself out in the bathroom mirror. It had been a while since she worked out and she hoped Hannah was still as promiscuous as she was then. She looked at her hair, and it looked great. It was long and brown, with a slight curl to it. Cindy knew she could go out looking like this and get any guy she wanted. But she didn't want any guy, or a guy for that matter. She wanted Hannah, and then she just remembered that her hair was up when she met Hannah, and she wasn't sure which Hannah preferred.

"Up or down?" She said out loud in her tiny bathroom. She thought if she put her hair up, not only could Hannah be more attracted to her, but it would make things seem just a little more casual. Maybe Hannah wasn't as promiscuous as she was before. Cindy didn't want to scare her away. At least they could be friends. Cindy really needed to tone things down. This wasn't a date, it was just seeing a friend she hadn't seen in a while. Granted, the only time they had seen each other was for sex, but Cindy didn't want to jump to any conclusions.

She fixed her pink top around her breasts, which had grown a little since she last saw Hannah. They were now a C-cup. She pinched her waist and pulled at a small layer of fat. Maybe that was why her cup size had grown.

With her hair up and her top and jeans looking as good as they could, Cindy decided she was ready. She looked at herself in the mirror one last time.

"Okay, now I just need to wait for Hannah." Cindy said, and not a second went by when there was a knock at the door. Cindy stepped out of the bathroom, and found her way to the front door. She opened the door, and there stood Hannah.

Hannah was a very cute blonde girl. She had short hair, just barely to her shoulders. She was wearing a white tanktop with a white jacket, and dark jeans. She didn't seem to be made up much at all, and was dressed more to just hang out. She had a similar build to Cindy, only Cindy noticed that Hannah probably weighed just a little bit more than her. Cindy remembered Hannah to be hotter, but oh well. Cindy wasn't after Hannah for her looks. She just wanted to get Hannah in her bed. That's what made Hannah so magical to Cindy.

"Hannah!" Cindy shouted as she saw her friend.

"Cindy! Good to see you!"

They hugged, and there was a brief second of silence.

"Come in!" Cindy said, to break up the silence.

Hannah entered Cindy's small apartment, and looked things over. "I think I remember this place." Hannah said. Cindy looked back at her as they walked towards the living room, and she giggled as they both were thinking about the last time Hannah was over.

"Did you want a drink or something?" Cindy asked.

"No. I'm fine. Don't wanna get too drunk tonight." Hannah said. 

"Well, I'm going to get one. Make yourself at home."

Cindy walked into the kitchen. She was slightly disappointed in Hannah's answer, but got over it. Cindy thought that if Hannah didn't seek Cindy out to drink and go crazy, then why did she? She got a beer out of the fridge and walked back out to the living room. 

"So ... did you wanna go out or something? Hit the bars?" Cindy asked, but then she realized that the fireplace was roaring.

"No." Hannah said.

"You got the fire started?" Cindy asked.

"Yeah. It just needed my 'magic touch'." Hannah answered in a laugh. Cindy shrugged it off, and they each sat on the couch.

"Then if you don't want to go out, what's up? I haven't heard from you in a while. Why'd you call?" Cindy asked. "I don't mean to be blunt, but ..."

"Look," Hannah started. Hannah was definitely having a hard time talking to Cindy. "I called you because, well, I didn't want to scare you but I know you broke up with your boyfriend recently, and ..."

"How do you know that we broke up?" Cindy asked, alarmed. Hannah sat closer to Cindy on the couch. She took Cindy's hand in hers, and looked closely at her. They were alone in a large dark apartment, and Cindy was scared as to who Hannah really was. Was she a stalker of some kind? How did she know so much?

"There's something I wanna tell you, but I don't want to freak you out." Hannah said.

"Tell me." Cindy said sternly.

"Well, there's just things about me that I want to tell you, but you have to promise to keep in a secret. You can't tell anyone."

"But we don't really have any mutual friends. It's not like ..."

"Trust me. If I tell you what I have been longing to tell you since we met, you would probably tell the whole world." Hannah said with absolute certainty. "You have to promise that everything that I tell you tonight remains between us."  

Cindy was really confused, but she agreed.

"Okay. I promise." Cindy said. "So what is this huge secret?"

Hannah thought for a few seconds. "Maybe it's easier to show you." Hannah said as she stood up. She walked into the middle of the living room and presented herself in front of Cindy.

"Just, promise not to freak out." Hannah said.

Cindy nodded, unsure of what was going to happen. Hannah smiled, and closed her eyes. She stood up on her tip-toes, and then slowly rose her hands up from her sides. Cindy was confused to no end. Hannah just stood there, on her toes, with her eyes closed and a large smile on her face. Suddenly, Hannah's toes slowly lifted off the ground about an inch. Cindy didn't realize it at first, but she sat up as soon as she noticed that Hannah was somehow floating in mid-air in the middle of her living room. Cindy stood up and slowly walked around Hannah as she floated there, with her eyes closed and her arms extended. She was easily over a foot off the ground now. Cindy examined all around to see if this was some elaborate trick, but as far as she could tell, Hannah was flying.

Then a flash of light exploded out from Hannah, and blinded Cindy and she covered her eyes. As soon as the light dimmed, a brand new Hannah was floating in the middle of her living room. Her normal clothes were nowhere to be found, as she now wore a sheer white robe that was left open so that Cindy could see that she wore a tiny pair of white panties that barely covered her at all. She had on a tiny bra over her breasts, which were much larger and firmer. They seemed to stress the limits of the tiny bra as they pushed out through the top, sides, and the bottom, leaving little to the imagination. Her body was no longer the same either, as her waist was much smaller and her butt was firm and tight.

But even the floating, changes to her clothes, and enhancements to her body didn't compare to what seemed to fill Cindy's living room. Hannah had sprouted a magnificent pair of angel wings that didn't flap at all, but still kept her body just above the ground. There was a wind blowing from nowhere, blowing her hair and robe about. She was a whole new person in a whole new body, and Cindy had no idea what to do or say. Hannah simply floated in front of Cindy in the middle of the living room, beaming light out from her gorgeous body. Hannah finally opened her eyes, and smiled at Cindy.

"This is the real me, Cindy." Hannah slowly floated in front of Cindy with a magical wind still blowing her hair about. Hannah lifted her finger and motioned Cindy to come to her. Before Cindy could even think about walking towards her, she was suddenly pulled towards Hannah by some force, and now she stood face to face with Hannah. Cindy looked over Hannah's wings, her body, and finally to her face.

"Are you like … an angel?" Cindy asked. Hannah laughed.

"You mean these things?" Hannah said, as her wings flapped a little bit behind her, as if dancing to Hannah's words. "I just like them. I know that you like me in white, so I thought I would dress up for you. The wings simply add to the costume I guess. If you don't like them I can get rid of them."

"Well, it's not that, its just ... how ... how do you ...?" Cindy tried to ask.

"I taught myself a long time ago, Cindy. I taught myself how to get whatever I want just by thinking it."

"Taught? You mean like a witch?"

Hannah laughed again. "No. Not like a witch." Hannah landed on her feet, and stood in front of Cindy. She leaned toward Cindy to kiss her, but stopped and talked directly into her lips. "It doesn't matter what I am. All that matters is that I can do anything I want, and I want to share my true self and my magic with you. Do you want to do this?"

"What ... what would we do?" Cindy asked, slightly scared to realize that her new friend seemed to possess magic powers. 

"Well, for starters. You were wrong about your hair." Hannah said. "I like it down." Hannah flicked her hand at Cindy, and the pins that held Cindy's hair up fell out. Her brown hair fell down around her shoulders, and she shook it out. She then realized what had happened earlier.

"Wait, you were listening to me?" Cindy asked. Hannah suddenly vanished right in front of Cindy, and reappeared behind her, with her lips at Cindy's ear. 

"I was merely listening to your thoughts. I have been since I met you." Hannah answered, and she started to caress Cindy shoulders. Cindy could feel Hannah beautiful body pressed against her own. Cindy realized that this how Hannah knew about her break up; that's how Hannah knew her phone number; that's how she got the fireplace started; that's even how Hannah knew when to knock on the door. 

"Stop thinking so much." Hannah told Cindy as she kissed her neck and played with Cindy's breasts. "Let's have sex, and you will begin to learn how to do magic too."

Hannah's arms wrapped around Cindy, and she grabbed onto Cindy's breasts. She squeezed Cindy's breasts, and Cindy could feel them growing. She looked down and watched as her waist started to shrink down. It didn't hurt, in fact if felt warm and soothing. Hannah kissed Cindy's neck as she squeezed Cindy's breasts harder. Hannah's hands suddenly sank through Cindy's pink top and, she grabbed directly onto Cindy's breasts. Cindy started to embrace Hannah's touch like she had done before. 

Cindy reached back and grabbed onto Hannah's cheek, and pulled Hannah's lips to her own. They started to kiss slowly and passionately. Cindy pressed her newly enhanced breasts against Hannah's and continued to kiss Hannah harder, and harder. Hannah pulled her hands away from Cindy's breasts and out of her top. She placed them on Cindy's face, kissing her with more passion and fire. Their tongues danced in each others mouths.

"This is what I have waited for for so long, Cindy. I've been wanting ... so bad ... to show you the real me." Hannah said between kisses. Cindy suddenly felt her top being pulled down over her breasts, even though Hannah's hands were still on her face. Soon, Cindy's breasts bounced out of her top, and were exposed to Hannah. Hannah and Cindy booth looked down at her breasts, and Hannah smiled.

"Oops." Hannah giggled. "Sometimes my mind just wanders, and my magic gets the best of me."

Cindy rubbed her hands over her new breasts slowly, feeling how full and firm they were. They could have been bigger than D-cups.

"Do you like what I did for you?" Hannah asked.

Cindy felt the weight of her breasts, but then realized how weird this was. Never in her life did she think that she would be kissing the most beautiful girl she had ever seen. Not only that, but this girl was in her arms in nothing more than sexy white lingerie. On top of that, this girl had her own pair of angel wings and seemingly unlimited magical powers which she was using to remove her clothes. It was too much to handle. She looked at Hannah in fright, turned, and began to walk away. She grabbed her top, which was now around he waist, and pulled it back up over her exposed body.

"This is too weird." Cindy walked out of the room, and toward her bedroom as Hannah was left floating in mid air, half naked. Cindy entered her room, and shut the door, trying to ignore what she just saw. She turned and started to walk into her room, but was shocked by what she saw.

Her room was not her room.

Her small bed was now a large king size bed. It was made neatly with silk sheets and large feather pillows. There were candles lit, curtains drawn to the city night outside.

"What happened to my room?"

Suddenly, Hannah walked through the solid door as if it wasn't even there. She still wore her silky white lingerie, but no longer had her angel wings. Cindy turned and watched as Hannah seductively passed through the doorway and into her modified room.

"I did this." Hannah told Cindy.  "What? When?" Cindy asked.

"While we were in the living room. I thought your room could use a little change. I hope you like what I created."

"I don't understand any of this. You ... you can fly. You just had angel wings. You changed my bedroom into this just by thinking about it. You ... you walked right through my door. How is this even possible?" Cindy asked as she walked around her new bed.

Hannah walked to the foot of the bed and glared at Cindy. "How many times do I have to tell you ... I can do anything I want." Hannah stated. She leaned over the bed, allowing Cindy to get full view of her perfect large breasts tucked away under her tiny bra. Cindy looked down at them, and for a brief second, Cindy thought about how longed to see them again.

"You can if you want." Hannah stated.

"What?"

"You can look at my beautiful tits if you like. You long to look at me naked. I can see your thoughts, Cindy. You need to remember that you can't hide anything from me. I know you planned on having sex with me tonight. Why stop now? Just because I can do anything I want ... anything we want?" Hannah stood back up again, and presented her body to Cindy. "Go ahead ... look."

"But..." Cindy started, but she stopped talking as Hannah looked down at her own body, and her bra and panties just seemed to evaporate off of her body in a magical white mist. Hannah closed her eyes and smiled as she used her magic to expose her perfect naked curves to Cindy; Her gorgeous breasts, her tight waist, her shaven pussy tucked between her long and full legs; Cindy wanted it all. Hannah moved her hands from her inner thighs up over her tight pussy, around her little waist, and up over her perfectly firm breasts. She squeezed them a little, and moaned. As she moaned, she opened her eyes again and looked at Cindy.

"Now you're excited." Hannah said of Cindy as she read her mind again. Hannah stepped into the air again, and slowly floated around the bed and toward Cindy. Hannah took pleasure in floating around Cindy's room basically naked in front of her. Her breasts, her legs, her hair; her whole body moved about so magically in front of Cindy. Cindy stepped back, slightly afraid of Hannah's magic, but at the same time she longed to share it. Hannah stopped her mid-air dance, and gazed at Cindy. She slowly moved her body closer to Cindy, presenting perfection to her.

"I use my powers to alter my body to blend in with everyone else. This body is the real me. The perfect body. You can have this too."

"How?" Cindy asked. 

"I can show you how." Hannah said. "After tonight you will get a small taste of my powers. Just watch what I can do to you, and what one day you will be able to do it to me. It's only weird if you don't embrace it." Hannah floated in the air in front of Cindy, wearing nothing more than her sheer white robe and her white stockings.

"This has to be a dream." Cindy said.

Hannah spun her self around and slowly floated away from Cindy. She was trying to come up with a way to convince Cindy to play with her without using her magic to force her. She knew she could make Cindy madly in love with her and make her so aroused that she would rip both her and Cindy's clothes off if she simply thought it. But Hannah wanted Cindy to join her under her own will. She had been using her magic for ages to have one night stands with countless guys and girls. Her mere appearance made everyone desire her. But now that she exposed her magic to Cindy, she had to convince her that it was okay and nothing too out of the ordinary. She wanted Cindy to become her equal. She wanted Cindy to use magic too. She wanted to take pleasure in watching her friend do everything she ever wanted. She got an idea.

Hannah landed on the ground, and turned back to Cindy. "How about this. Suppose this is a dream. Suppose your are sleeping right now and the fact that I have magic is nothing more than a dream. Then what have you got to lose?"

Cindy thought about Hannah's logic, and couldn't find it flawed.

"I guess you are right. But then ... what if this is real?" Cindy asked.

"If it is real, then there is no end to what we can do and how long we can do it. Anything you ever wanted to do, feel, see. Anything you can imagine can be yours in a second."

Cindy thought about what Hannah was trying to tell her. "So ..." she started.

"So ..." Hannah said as she stole the words from Cindy. She took one step towards Cindy, and in an instant she vanished and reappeared with her lips just outside of Cindy's lips. "...regardless of how you feel, you are going to have the most excellent sex you have ever had in your life with your dream girl ... tonight."

Cindy closed her eyes, and slowly leaned into kiss Hannah back as her seductive voice was so enticing. As she leaned in for the kiss, she soon realized that Hannah wasn't even there anymore. Cindy opened her eyes again and saw Hannah across the room, with her robe off her shoulders and her left breast in her left hand.
