 Cindy had never slept better in her life. She found herself alone, lying on her back on top of her bed, completely naked and exposed to the morning sun as it poured in the window. Her hair draped over the edge of the bed, her breasts peaked up toward the ceiling, and her hands slowly roamed over her soft skin. She had never made it under the blankets of her bed. She never made it onto a pillow. She had passed out this way; naked and fully exposed. This type of morning for Cindy had happened before, only this time, she remembered a lot more of what had happened the night before.

Six months ago, when she had found herself like this one early morning, she only had a vague idea of the sex that had happened. All she remembered was that the sex she had was the best she had ever had, and that it was with a girl she had met at a bar named Hannah. Cindy wasn't a lesbian as she was only curious at the time, but when she found herself with the urge to bring this blonde girl home with her, she started to question her sexuality.

Now after had been with Hannah for a second night, she questioned everything. She even questioned as to if the night before had was merely a dream, but as her hands climbed up over her large D-cup breasts, she knew it was real. She still had a hard time believing it, but she knew it was real. As she looked around her room, at her bed, at all the clothes from the night before tossed about the room, she knew it was real.

Hannah wasn't an average girl. Hannah had looked like an average twenty-something blonde when they first met, but Cindy now knew that Hannah wasn't an average girl. When Hannah showed up at Cindy's house the night before wearing a white jacket and jeans she seemed like an average girl. But it was when Hannah floated above Cindy with her perfect body and white angel wings, when Hannah walked through locked doors like they didn't even exist, when Hannah lifted Cindy into the air with her thoughts, Cindy knew that Hannah wasn't an average girl. Hannah was, for lack of a better work, a goddess.

Hannah was omnipotent.

Anything that Hannah wanted was hers with a mere thought. Hannah had wanted to give Cindy the body and the breasts she had always wanted, and after she thought it, it happened. Hannah wanted Cindy to wear a sexy tiny bikini, and after she thought it, it happened. Hannah wanted to transform her body into pure water, and that had happened too. Hannah could do anything, and Cindy had very little explanation for how Hannah obtained her limitless magical powers.

As Cindy roamed her hands up over her new breasts that Hannah had wanted to see her have, she remembered that Hannah asked that Cindy keep the knowledge of her magic a secret. If Cindy could keep Hannah's true form a secret, Hannah would continue to visit Cindy, have glorious sex with her, and even teach her how to use magic as well. Cindy longed for the day where she could have anything she wanted with a mere thought. Cindy desired to be able to fly like Hannah, to be anywhere at any second like Hannah, and to change herself to the exact way that she wanted to look like on any given day.

But as Cindy sat up in her giant new Hannah-created bed, she noticed it was time for her to get up and go to work. Until the day came where Cindy could leave the regular world behind, she had to still get by in it.

Cindy hopped out of bed, opened up her clothes drawers, and pulled up a small pair of white panties. She also pulled a tank top over her head, but when she got the shirt down over her breasts, she realized that she may have to go clothes shopping if she was to keep her new figure. She also wondered how she was going to explain her looks to anyone who might notice from her job. She had better dress very conservatively until she could come up with a realistic reason.

She pulled the white tank-top down over her breasts as best she could, and then left her bedroom towards the kitchen. She still had plenty of time to prepare for the rest of her day. She had to concentrate on not thinking about Hannah, her magic, or anything else. She had to concentrate on her day. If Hannah returned to her one day, as it seemed she would, then she would be ready. But until that day came, she had to tend to her normal life.

As she arrived in the kitchen, she decided to start to make some breakfast. She walked up to the sink to wash her hands, and turned on the faucet. She placed her hands under the water, and then looked out the window at the city outside. She had a corner apartment in the heart of the city, and could see out fairly far. It was a relaxing view, and the morning was still young.

Cindy closed her eyes and relaxed as the warm water fell over her hands. She felt a since of warmth and contentment through her body. She then opened her eyes and reached for the hand-soap, and her hand splashed against the hand-soap and disappeared before her eyes. Her left hand was completely gone from the wrist down. She looked in shock and surprise as both her arms up to her elbows were simply made of water. This was a result of her exposure to Hannah's magic, and the incredible sex they had night before. During their epic sexual evening, some of Hannah's magic had been given to Cindy. Cindy remembered now that she had the ability to change into water and back again.

She looked down at her missing hand, relaxed her thoughts, a placed it under the running water again. She thought about her solid hands, both of them, and then pulled them from the running water again. Her thoughts had brought her body back to normal, and she held both her solid hands before her eyes to be sure that she had control of her powers. It would take some getting used to.

The room suddenly brightened, and whisps of light soared around the room. They flowed through magical currents through Cindy's kitchen, and they all seemed to suddenly crash into each other at the end of Cindy's kitchen counter. A body formed from the light, and blinded Cindy. It was so bright that she had to cover her eyes. As the light dimmed, Cindy could see the light had formed a body. It had formed a perfect, gorgeous body. It had formed the body of her magical friend Hannah, and Hannah was now sitting on her countertop, wearing a similar white tank top and set of white panties as Cindy was wearing. Similar to the extent that Hannah's clothes were far more revealing of her perfect body. Her nipples were in plain view through the thin shirt, and her tight stomach was in plain view as Hannah had cut her shirt far shorter than Cindy's. Hannah turned back and looked at Cindy. 

"Playing with your new magic already?" Hannah asked Cindy.

"I ... I totally forgot ..." Cindy stammered as if she got caught. Hannah just sat on her countertop in just her underwear and giggled.

"I know it's soon" Hannah said as hopped off the countertop. "But now that you know about the real me, I figured it was safe to just 'pop in'."

"Yeah." Cindy said, still shocked that her new friend just suddenly appeared in her kitchen. "But I did have to be at work in an hour."

"No you don't. I gave you the day off to be with me. Your work knows."

"How did you do that?" Cindy asked, wondering if Hannah had called them or something. But then she realized the error of her statement. She knew that Hannah would just say she can do anything she wants. She never did explain how, she just would say that she could.

"Of course I called them. I pretended to be you, but I called them none-the-less." Hannah said answering Cindy's thoughts. "Now, there are things that I've realized I shouldn't be doing. I don't play with time, it's too tricky. I don't normally play with the lives of other people on a permanent level. I may borrow them for a night, but I don't change people's lives for the better or the worse."

"But this thing with me is more permanent I take it?" Cindy asked.

"Well ..." Hannah said as she walked further into Cindy's kitchen. "Let's just say that I think there is something about you, and that is why I chose to reveal my true self to you. I wanted to see if you could use magic like me, so I gave you some. Since that went so well, maybe you'd like to learn some more."

"Like what?" Cindy asked, now getting very curious.

"Well, last night you saw somethings I can do, like this." Suddenly Hannah rose into the air ever so calmly, and floated her gorgeous body in the air towards Cindy with her powers. She stopped with her lips right in front of Cindy's, and smiled. "Or if flying isn't really high on your list, maybe teleportation is ..." Hannah said. She then vanished out of her clothes from her floating position, and her thong and t-shirt simply fell to the ground. Hannah quickly reappeared floating behind Cindy about a foot above the ground with her bare breasts against Cindy's back and her arms wrapped around her waist.

"Would you like to be anywhere you want as soon as you think it?" Hannah whispered into Cindy's ear. 

"Yes ..." Cindy answered back to. Hannah's embrace took over Cindy's emotions, and she suddenly found herself desiring Hannah in every way. This wasn't due to Hannah's magic, this was sheer lust. Hannah rose her hands up Cindy's body, and cupped her large breasts.

"It may be a fast way to travel anywhere you want, but let me tell you it's not be as fun as flying through the skies." Hannah whispered into Cindy's ear and she squeezed her breasts together, caressing her body. Cindy rose her hand up to Hannah's face, trying to pull her closer so she could kiss her.

"Show me." Cindy begged. "Kiss me."

Hannah gave into her friend and leaned forward so that their lips could touch. Cindy opened her mouth wide so Hannah's tongue could play in her mouth. Cindy placed her hands over Hannah's, and forced Hannah to squeeze her breasts harder, begging for her touch. Cindy forced Hannah to furiously play with her breasts as Cindy forced her mouth against Hannah's. Cindy began to pull at her own shirt, trying to get out of the confides of her clothes. Hannah quickly broke their deep kiss, and spun her friend around.

"Do you want me to get you out of your clothes?" Hannah asked as she floated her naked self in front of her friend. All Cindy could do was nod as she couldn't stand another second of this break in the action. Staring at Hannah's large full breasts above her tiny waist wasn't helping anything. Her curvy body was calling for Cindy to touch it everywhere.

Hannah merely looked at Cindy's clothes, and they completely ripped off of her body. Her shirt ripped violently in half down the middle and fell to the ground. Her panties ripped dropped her thighs and fell to the floor. Within moments, both her torn shirt and her removed panties faded to nothing, and Cindy stood naked in her own kitchen with her magical friend still floating in front of her.

That was enough. Cindy jumped into the air and embraced her friend, kissing her deeply once more. For a moment the change in weight almost caused Hannah to fall to the ground, but she soon regained her thoughts and her magic, and held her friend in the air with her. Hannah brushed her hand through the air and closed all the blinds in the kitchen and the rest of the house so that no gawker might see these two gorgeous naked girls having sex while floating in mid air in the middle of the kitchen. It was a gorgeous sight, these two perfect bar bodies intertwined with each floating higher and higher above the floor, kissing each other deeply and running their hands everywhere. But it was a sight only for Hannah and Cindy.

Hannah's hands roamed up Cindy's legs and around her firm ass. She clinched onto Cindy's body and pulled it harder against her. Cindy started to lose control and frantically kissed down Hannah's neck. Cindy found her way to Hannah's large breasts, and took them in her hands, sucking and clinching them together.

Hannah moaned at Cindy's touch, and the two girls floated higher and higher off the ground. Hannah had to place her hands against the ceiling to keep from bouncing off of it, or worse, floating right through it and into the apartment above them.

"Please." Cindy said as she took Hannah's nipple from her mouth. "Do things to us. Show me what I can learn." Cindy wanted her to use more of her magic to do other things. This was the longest time that Hannah had used her magic to make Cindy weightless, and she wanted to do more. Hannah was reluctant at first, but realized that it was time to stop this impromptu sexual bliss and move on with her plan for the day.

Hannah placed her hands on Cindy's cheeks, and lifted her head up towards her own. She used her thoughts to lift Cindy's entire body up higher so they could be at the same level.

"If you wish, but we'll need to stop for now." Hannah told her friend.

"No." Cindy cried. "Why can't you just show me?"

"Because while I use my magic during sex, there are a lot of other pleasurable experiences that we can use it for, and that is what I wanted to show you today." Hannah lowered both their naked bodies slowly to the ground, and rested their feet onto the ground. She then started to step away from her friend, strutting her body through the kitchen. "If you want to see some of the glorious things that I can, then we'll need to go out. That's the deal."

"Go out?"

"Of course." Hannah answered, and turned back to Cindy. "You don't think that using all this magic is limited to the bedroom or the confines of a small apartment, do you? You want to see what I can do, don't you think we should go somewhere so I can show you a few things I like to do with my powers?"

"Well, I guess so." Cindy answered, slightly covering her naked body now that she realized the sex would have to wait. Hannah watched her friend start to cover up, and knew that there were definitely a few lessons that Cindy had to learn if she was going to have fun today.

"Here. Let me pick out your outfit for our day out on the town." Hannah said, and she whisked her hand at her friend like a magic wand. Suddenly a very short white nighty and cotton panties flashed on Cindy's naked body. Cindy looked down at herself and the new clothes that Hannah created for her. She was confused.

"I can't go out dressed like this." Cindy exclaimed as she lifted up her short nighty and looked down at her new white panties. "This is just lingerie. What if someone ..." but Cindy stopped as she noticed that Hannah was no longer in the kitchen.

"What if someone sees you?" Cindy heard Hannah say. Cindy looked around the room and still saw no one. No flash of white light told Cindy that Hannah had left. There was no blonde naked girl floating up near the ceiling. Hannah was simply gone, but her voice remained.

A warm breeze seemed to brush by Cindy, although Hannah had closed all the windows. Suddenly Cindy felt two hands brush over her shoulders, and suddenly dig in with a massage. Cindy realized that she was not alone in the room as she felt the invisible hands of Hannah caress her arms and shoulders. She couldn't help but melt into her touch once more.

"I strongly doubt that anyone will see either of us. I just like to wear clothes for fun." Hannah continued to caress her friend as she explained herself. "Think about it, baby. If no one could see you, and you could dress however you wanted to, what would you wear?"

"Hmmm...." Cindy moaned as Hannah was touching all the right spots. "Nothing, I guess."

"Exactly." Hannah answered, still invisible from sight. Hannah took great pleasure in the freedoms of wearing whatever she wanted, and allowing herself to be seen by only who she wanted. In her magical travels, she often would strut through crowded night clubs in merely a sheer robe, allowing herself to be completely naked in public yet invisible to the world. She would float down busy sidewalks among businessmen and busy workers in just lingerie, fancy underwear or tiny bikinis. She would lounge on public beaches completely nude simply because she wanted to feel the sun and the sand on her entire body. Cindy thought that this idea of being a total exhibitionist and the ability to get away with it was very sexy.

As the massage stopped on Cindy's shoulders, Hannah reappeared in front of Cindy in a yellow flash. Hannah was now wearing matching yellow bra and panties and a thin sheer yellow skirt around her waist. She had a flower in her hair, and amazing yellow jewelry around her neck, waist, and wrists. To prove just how magical and creative she could be, she had given herself what looked like fairy wings that attached to her back. She looked like she was wearing a kinky costume, and had every intention of wearing such skimpy clothes out on an adventure in the cold city.

Hannah batted her little pair of wings, and like a hummingbird, she flew over to Cindy. Cindy stepped back as this gorgeous girl in yellow flew in front of her, allowing her cleavage to spill out over the top of her tiny bra.

"Today, my magic will extend onto you." Hannah started as she fluttered in front of Cindy.

"What do you mean?" Cindy asked.

"Unless I tell you, you will be invisible to the rest of the world. No one can hear you, see you, or even touch you. Not even the elements or nature will know we exist."

"How?" Cindy asked.

Hannah realized that words were useless on her friend. She held her hand out for Cindy to take it, but instead of being able to take her hand, Cindy seemed to implode and turn into a tiny ball of white light. The floating orb flew into Hannah's hand, and merged with it. Hannah's hand glowed ever so slightly as she took the very essence of her friend into her hand. She then batted her yellow wings and flew up through the ceiling, disappearing from sight.

In her kinky fairy costume, Hannah flew out of the ceiling of the towering apartment building, and flew into heart of the city. In her tiny yellow lingerie, she flew directly through other buildings, not paying any attention to the laws of physics or the layout of the city. She flew lower and lower, getting closer and closer to the streets and the busy people driving and walking among them.

Hannah extended her legs out, and landed softly in the middle of the street. No cars stopped at the sight of this half naked beauty, but that didn't concern Hannah at all. Even when a city bus was driving right at her, Hannah maintained her perfect composer. The bus plowed right through her, and as the bus continued zooming down the street, Hannah merely popped out the other side in the exact position as she was in when it hit her. Hannah would not permit the bus, and the rest of the cars, to touch her.

She was truly not part of the same reality. She was safe in her own magical world, safe from view, from touch, from cold. Nothing could affect her unless she wanted to. Still standing in the middle of the street, with cars zooming past her and through her, she held her hand out and it started to glow again. She blew a kiss towards the sidewalk, and the glow left her hand in a ball of white light, and seemed to splash on the sidewalk.

In that splash of light, Cindy reappeared in her white nightie and panties. As soon as she realized where she was, she tried to cover herself. Dozens of people walked past this gorgeous brunette in a lose fitting white nightie, and continued about their business. A man walked right up to Cindy as she continued to panic, and Cindy was to late to step out of his way. He proceeded to pass directly through her body and continue walking. Cindy was shocked, for they never touched.

"Don't worry." Hannah called out over the traffic. She kicked her feet up off the ground, and flutter her wings as she flew over to the sidewalk as well. Her little yellow skirt kicked up as she flew towards Cindy.

"What happened?" Cindy asked. 

"Nothing." Hannah answered as she landed on the sidewalk in front of Cindy. "I told you we wouldn't be seen. As long as you stay near me, my powers will keep you hidden from the rest of the world."
