 (Continued directly from Magic Girls Ch. 02 - Public Affections)



Cindy was trapped in chaos. She had no idea what was happening. She could feel her body rushing extremely fast, but couldn't see anything. There was the occasional flash of light, but there was really no indication of where she was or what was happening. She was trying to remember how she got into this place, wherever she was. She remembered Hannah. She remembered a locker room. Then she remembered the last thing she was doing before she came to this strange place; cumming.

Moments earlier, she was a voyeur. She was enjoying a sex show that her friend Hannah was putting on for her. She had been watching her friend basically trick two girls into seducing her at a gym in a public locker room. These two lovers took off each others clothes, took off Hannah's, and dragged her into the showers. She had been watching these three girls lick each other's pussies, finger each other, and bring each other to intense climaxes over and over again while the water rained down on their perfect tight bodies.

The best part was that Hannah had used her limitless magical abilities to make Cindy completely invisible so she could enjoy herself while she enjoyed the show. Hannah could do things like that. In fact, there wasn't a single thing in the universe that Hannah couldn't do as far as Cindy knew, and Cindy was starting to just accept that.

This was different. This was scary. This was not sexy or fun. Cindy couldn't move her arms, her legs, or any part of her body. She was just rushing through darkness; absolute darkness. Suddenly she felt something rushing next to her. She could feel a presence near her. She could tell someone else was there.

"I've got you." a voice said, and Cindy felt something take hold of her somehow. Not arms or hands or legs, but something was not moving her instead.

Not a few moments passed when there was a bright blinding light that washed away the darkness. It was so bright and powerful, and Cindy moved to cover her eyes, but she hand no arms to cover her eyes with. She had no eyes. She had no body she could feel. 

The white light faded, and there was blue sky. There were trees. There were white clouds in the sky. Cindy could see all of this somehow. She was looking up into the sky. She was glad to see familiar things. She was glad that the chaos had ended. But Cindy still had no idea where she really was or what was going on.

Then answers came. Just in front of the trees before her, a familiar figure floated in the air before her. It was her omnipotent friend Hannah; naked and gorgeous and using her powers to float through the air.

Hannah looked down at the scene from her flight; her perfect body lightly floating about twenty feet in the air under her own magic. Before her was a fountain; an old fountain with a foot of still water inside it. The fountain was in the middle of a park nestled in the trees. It was cracked, brittle, and seemed to be long forgotten. Hannah smiled as she looked down at the fountain for she knew what was really going on.

"Pull yourself together, baby." Hannah said as she looked at the fountain that obviously had no Cindy in it. Cindy could hear Hannah's words, and got a hint. Hannah had only given Cindy one magical ability so far, and that was the ability to turn herself into water and back again.

She imagined her body being solid, being firm, and being complete. Hannah watched as the still water in the fountain began to swirl ever so slightly, and slowly watched the figure of a liquid naked woman form. That liquid body started so solidify, and became Cindy, naked and gorgeous and on her back in the middle of the fountain. Cindy was confused, but happy to realize that her arms, hands, and her entire body was back to normal. She looked around at her surroundings, taking in the new scenery. Cindy stood up in the fountain, and rubbed her hands down her naked body.

"Wha... what happened?" Cindy asked, still not quite sure of herself.

"You came pretty hard." Hannah told her as she flew in the air around Cindy, enjoying the freedom of the air above her. Cindy smiled. "Sometimes when we cum, our magic gets unleashed beyond our control. It happens."

"So what did happen?" Cindy asked again, still not sure.

Hannah laughed. "You melted into water and you went right down the drain. I've honestly never done that before. Pretty funny way to travel if you ask me."

Hannah slowly lowered herself from her flight onto the brown grass of the park. As her toes came in contact with the ground again, the brown grass around her slowly changed from brown to bright green. Hannah smiled has her magic flowed out of her body, and slowly strutted her nude body towards Cindy, who was still standing within the confines of the old fountain. With each step, Hannah's very being brought life to everything around her, reviving the plants.

"That's amazing..." Cindy stammered as she watched Hannah approach her.

"What?" Hannah asked, knowing exactly what Cindy was commenting on.

"The ground. You're..."

"Creating life?" Hannah finished. Hannah stopped, smiled, and then seemed to conduct the air slightly as she looked down at the ground below her that was benefiting from her presence. Cindy watched as a small stem seemed to emerge from the ground, growing at a very rapid pace. A bud appeared at the end and started to sprout leaves. Hannah smiled and pulled the stem from the ground with her thoughts, floating it into the air.

"Sorry, you won't be able to do this for a long time." Hannah said as she moved the stem through the air with her magic. Cindy continued to watch as the bud sprouted, still growing despite it not even being attached to the earth. Cindy realized that Hannah was growing the stem into a rose, and the red rose blossomed right before Cindy's eyes, growing very rapidly by Hannah's command. Hannah then moved the rose through the air, toward Cindy, who was still standing in the fountain.

"Do you want to play with me now?" Hannah said as she motioned her hand. The rose slowly floated down and caressed Cindy's face. Cindy welcomed the touch of the rose, and smiled. Hannah had promised Cindy sex earlier, and now she was going to pay up.

"We're still invisible, right?" Cindy asked, and she plucked the rose from mid-air, and smelled it. It smelled like perfection.

Hannah laughed, and then quickly vanished from sight. As soon as Hannah disappeared, Cindy instantly felt hands wrap around her from behind as Hannah quickly reappeared behind Cindy. Hannah caressed Cindy's breasts, and moved her hands down Cindy's body, and around her thighs. Cindy lightly moaned as Hannah's touch found its way between Cindy's thighs and around her pussy. Her hands roamed upward again, and found there way up and around Cindy's large breasts once more.

"Not this time." Hannah whispered gently into her ear, letting Cindy know that this sex was going to be out in the open. This time, they could get caught. Before Cindy could refuse this idea of their public sex display, Hannah pulled Cindy's head back so that they could kiss.

As Cindy's lips met Hannah's, she turned completely around and wrapped her arms around Hannah, in an embrace as deep as their kiss. Their large breasts pushed against each other as their tongues danced in each other's mouths. For too long Cindy had been watching Hannah's naked body, perfect curves, and even her sexual experimentations with other girls. Now Cindy had Hannah, and Hannah was going to please her like she had promised.

Cindy pulled Hannah closer against her, pressing her skin against Hannah's, thrusting her body towards Hannah's, begging for her touch everywhere. Their kisses became deeper, more passionate, more forceful. Cindy's hands roamed down Hannah's back, and down around her firm, tight ass.

"I want you so close to me. I want you closer!" Cindy told Hannah as she pushed her breasts against Hannah's. "Take me. Just take me, please."

"Do you want to merge with me?" Hannah told her, suggesting magic once more. Hannah started to kiss down Cindy's neck. Her fingers roamed once more outside Cindy's tight pussy. 

"What?" Cindy asked, a little surprised. Hannah looked down at her own nude body, and Cindy watched as her feet, legs, and waist suddenly merged with the water of the fountain. Her face and breasts were still solid, but her lower body was now clear and liquid. Hannah smiled, and Cindy looked down at her own body, and imagined the same. Within seconds, her body to started to change to liquid as her thoughts emerged to the surface. Her own magic changed her. Hannah smiled a wicked smile, and reached down at ran her hand directly through Cindy's liquid legs and thighs.

Cindy moaned in pleasure and ecstasy as she watched Hannah's hand pass through her liquid body. It was electric. Hannah's own arm changed to liquid as well, and soon her hand disappeared inside Cindy's liquid body.

"Do you like that?" Hannah asked, once again showing her sexual magic. As Hannah's hand merged with Cindy's thigh, Cindy could feel her throughout her body. Hannah slowly waded closer to Cindy, and their breasts pressed together. Hannah smiled a innocent smile, and then slowly leaned in and kissed Cindy on the lips as Cindy enjoyed Hannah's magical touch against her liquid thighs.

"Keep going. It's okay." Hannah whispered into Cindy's mouth. Cindy took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and sighed. Hannah watched as the liquid parts of Cindy's body seemed to rise up over her breasts and overtake the rest of her body. Her lips, her hair, her breasts; every inch if Cindy's body was now liquid. Hannah smiled and watched as Cindy's liquid eyes opened, and looked back at her.

"You're beautiful." Hannah told Cindy.

With those words, Hannah closed her eyes, focused, and was soon liquid as well. Without any further hesitation, Hannah lunged at Cindy's body, kissing her deeply and pressing her body firmly against Cindy. There was a splash, and their bodies slowly merged together; kissing and groping and touching and licking and sucking was all Cindy could feel as she became one with Hannah. These two watery beings slowly sank into the fountain, kissing and groping and sharing every sensation they gave each other.

As they vanished along with the rest of the water in the fountain, Hannah and Cindy were instantly cumming at the same moment. There was no building towards a climax; this was now a never ending climax. It was an unstoppable orgasm. It was a moment of pure bliss frozen in time. The water in the fountain splashed about as these two girls experienced the impossible. They swirled about the fountain, causing mysterious currents as they shared the same.

The current became so strong that a wave splashed over the side, and into the brown grass. Before the water could be absorbed by the dirt, it started to come together in the form of a perfect naked body. Cindy essence had been tossed from the fountain, and she was working to pull herself back together.

Her liquid transparent body quickly became solid, and she was left lying naked in the grass, breathing heavily as she was still cumming from the amazing experience. Her body shook and quivered as she spasmed from the intense orgasm.

Suddenly the water of the fountain erupted, and Hannah floated into the air, still completely made of water. Cindy turned and saw the light shine through Hannah's liquid body as she floated above her. Cindy rolled onto her back in the grass, and watched as Hannah's body slowly dissipated into the air, becoming lighter and fuzzy. Cindy realized that Hannah was changing into a small cloud, letting her body evaporate into the sun. This cloud that Hannah now existed as floated above Cindy, and slowly started to rain down on Cindy. 

Every drop that hit Cindy's nude body felt warm and soothing. She ran her hands up her wet stomach as Hannah continued to rain down on her body. The droplets ran down her stomach, her legs, and her thighs, caressing her like fingertips. Hannah continued to rain down on Cindy as she squirmed in the grass, rolling over and over allowing Hannah to drench her entire body. Cindy watched as the brown grass around her quickly became green again as Hannah rained down on it with her magic.

"I love this." Cindy could hear Hannah say to her as Hannah was all around her; in the ground, on the grass, in the sky above her, and on her body. The cloud lowered closer to Cindy, and the water seemed to rise up again out of the ground. It lifted up off of Cindy's body, every single drop. The cloud then shrank down and condensed, and suddenly in a flash Hannah's smooth solid body floated down on top of Cindy's. Cindy was shocked and arrowed to find Hannah's pussy directly in her face as Hannah straddled her. The sun glistened off of Hannah's nude body, her large breasts towering above Cindy. Hannah just looked down at her friend, and smiled.

"That is so much fun to do. I love turning into other things."

"Like what?" Cindy said, knowing that Hannah could be anything, but was curious to hear what she loved to become the most. Cindy was astonished and amazed that Hannah had just existed as rain, and longed to see more.

"Not today." Hannah said, answering her question and her thoughts simultaneously. "But I do have a present for you." Hannah's hand lowered, and caressed the side of Cindy's face below her. She then wrapped her hand around Cindy's head, and slowly pulled her forward toward her spread pussy.

Cindy knew exactly what to do, and she quickly sunk her tongue into Hannah's awaiting vagina. She licked and sucked and flicked her tongue at Hannah's clit.

"Make me cum, baby." Hannah said, and she leaned back, pressing herself down on Cindy's face. Cindy did as she was told, and increased the intensity of her tongue. Hannah threw her head back and moaned as Cindy sunk into her. She bounced up and down lightly on Cindy's face as Cindy tried with all her might to make her magical friend cum all over her face.

Hannah's body began to glow its magnificent yellow glow as Cindy pleased her. Hannah leaned forward again, and pulled Cindy's head tighter between her thighs, enjoying every lick, every touch, every caress that Cindy gave her. The ground beneath Cindy began to lightly shake, and the fountain next to them seemed to crack slightly as Hannah's magic spread out. Flowers quickly grew from the ground around them and the trees all seemed to sprout new leaves as a powerful gust of wind blew through them from no where. Cindy knew she was close to getting what she wanted, and she started to suck on Hannah's clit with all her might. That was enough.

"Fuck!" Hannah screamed out for the world to hear. Light poured from Hannah's body, and Cindy could now taste Hannah's warm cum flowing out of her pussy. She could feel the magic flowing out of Hannah's body, and into her own. She could feel her own body become slightly lighter and relaxed.

Hannah fell off of Cindy's body, and as soon as her body hit the grass next to her, Hannah amazingly became made of dirt and sand. She immediately crumbled beside Cindy, and started to blow away in the wind. Cindy grabbed at Hannah's body, and she broke apart. Hannah had lost control of her magic in her moment of bliss. She was no where and everywhere.

Cindy, left alone and naked in the park, visible to the world, climbed to her feet to look for her friend. She had no clothes, no way to get home, and really no where to hide. She looked down the stone path before her and saw an elderly couple walking her way. They did not see this naked beauty yet, and Cindy knew she had to hide.

Cindy scurried her naked body behind a tree, her large firm breasts bouncing with each step. She leaned up against the tree as the couple came into sight of where once these two magic girls made love. Cindy leaned hard up against the tree, hoping they would not see her. Cindy sighed as the couple walked around corner and out of sight.

"Hmm. That felt good." Cindy heard someone say. She felt the bark of the tree move behind her, and she turned and saw Hannah's tosro in the tree. She was made of bark, and existed as part of the tree itself.

"Sorry, it just felt so good I just lost complete control of my human body."

"You ... you're ..." Cindy stammered as she saw her friend partially merged with a large tree.

"I know. I'm in a tree. Funny." Hannah said, laughing at her own predicament. She pushed her breasts forward, and suddenly her entire body stepped from the trunk. As she stepped from the tree, her body quickly changed from being made of wood to its sexy human form, still naked and perfect. Hannah then leaned in close and wrapped her arms around Cindy's body, pressing her now soft breasts against Cindy's own. Hannah kissed Cindy deeply on the mouth, prying her lips apart and letting their tongues dance momentarily. Hannah then pulled away from Cindy and looked her dead in the eyes.

"You're turn." Hannah said.

Hannah then ran towards the fountain, and pulled Cindy along with her by the hand. Hannah floated over the edge of the fountain and lowered herself into the water. Cindy, who couldn't fly, had to step over to follow her friend. She to stepped in the water, and waited to see what was next.

"Let's do this again." Hannah said as she turned to her friend. She threw her arms around Cindy once more, and looked at her closely. "Hold on. Just hold on."

"What?"

Hannah smiled and closed her eyes, and let her magic flow out of her body. Cindy suddenly had no choice but to suddenly become water, and Hannah did the same. Cindy couldn't seem to hold her body together, and she splashed into the water, as did Hannah.

As their bodies disappeared, Cindy soon found herself in darkness once more. Hannah was taking her somewhere through the water pipes below the city. This had happened earlier and scared her, but now she knew what was happening. She continually thought about holding Hannah against her, and she felt something guide her through the fast moving darkness.

"Back when I learned how to turn into the elements, we didn't have any pipes. They didn't exist." Cindy heard Hannah say. "I never thought you could travel around like this."

Suddenly the pipes were gone, and Cindy saw a deep blue. Above her was a lighter blue that seemed to be getting brighter and brighter. Fish flew past her as the light seemed to shine towards her. The light turned white, and then there was air.

Hannah and Cindy splashed up to the surface of the ocean. Their breasts and their bodies glistened in the sun, and their now solid naked bodies bobbed in the deep blue water. Cindy looked over to Hannah, and watched as Hannah swam over to her. Hannah wrapped her arms around her and whispered close.

"Im gonna hide. I want you to have some fun with someone new." Hannah told her. Cindy then watched as Hannah's body seemed to glow and become slightly transparent. "You're the only one that can see me now. If you need to talk to me, just think it and I'll hear you." She said, and she turned Cindy around.

Cindy saw a beach before her. She saw very few people on it, and no buildings in sight. It was a slightly secluded beach; one she had never seen before. Suddenly Cindy felt Hannah's hands grab onto her breasts from behind, and she squeezed tightly.

"Let's get you dressed." Hannah said into Cindy's ear, and as Hannah's hands left her breasts, she found she had on a tiny white bikini top. Hannah's hands then moved down around Cindy's waist, and she could suddenly feel the fabric of a tight thong bottom. She was covered up, barely. Hannah them splashed out of the water in front of her, her breasts floating just at the surface of the water. 

"Race you." Hannah said, and she turned towards the beach in front of them and dove into the water to swim to shore. As Hannah kicked water into Cindy's face, Cindy noticed that Hannah didn't have legs anymore, but had a mermaid's tail instead. Her magic never ceased to amaze Cindy. Hannah turned back after a few flicks of her new tail, and waved, laughing at Cindy as well. Cindy did her best to swim ashore, but found that winning a race against her now mermaid friend would be impossible.
