 Cindy opened up her closet in her room, and found she had nothing really to wear. She looked over the hangers of jeans, skirts, dresses, and T-shirts, and found them all boring. She longed for something sexy, something fun, for when her friend Hannah visited her again. She needed to update her wardrobe, and she decided that she would have to go shopping for some new clothes. 

Just over a week ago, Cindy learned something extraordinary. She had learned that a former girlfriend Hannah, who she had amazing sex with six months prior, was actual omnipotent. Hannah could do anything she wanted at any time just by thinking it, and she had used this power to enhance their sexual experiences.

After thirty minutes of trying and re-trying on clothes, Cindy just tossed on a pair of jeans and a dark blue shirt. She walked left her bedroom, and walked towards the kitchen. There she found her purse, and inside she found her wallet. She opened up her wallet and found very little money inside. All she could think of was how she was going to afford to buy some new clothes. She knew that the next time Hannah showed up that she could simply conjure up some new sexy clothes for her to wear, but Cindy wanted to make herself irresistible from the start.

Hannah had begged Cindy to keep her magic secret from everybody, and in return Hannah would slowly teach Cindy how to use magic as well. Hannah had taught Cindy how she could turn into liquid, which was far more pleasurable that she initially though, and she had also taught Cindy to lift herself up off the ground and fly inches or miles up off the ground. Cindy wanted more. It was all she thought about. It was all she cared about. Her life revolved around practicing her magic within the confines of her own home and waiting for Hannah to visit her to teach her more magic through their amazing sex.

Cindy then searched her purse for her car keys, and found them quickly. But as she pulled her keys out, she looked out the glass door of her kitchen that led onto the balcony and saw that there was a thick layer of fog covering her city. She looked at her keys, and then she looked outside again. The last time she met with Hannah, Hannah took her flying. Cindy loved flying. She couldn't become invisible like Hannah, but the fog should take care of that. Plus, she wouldn't be scared by walking off her ten story balcony because she couldn't see how high she was.

"Why not?" she thought. "Just do it before you change your mind..."

She tossed her purse over her shoulder, and walked outside onto the balcony. Knowing that the fog kept her safe from view of anyone, she closed her eyes. She imagined her toes floating off the ground. She focused her thoughts, rose up onto the tips of her toes, and thought harder about being completely weightless. Within a few moments, her toes popped off the ground, and she was being slowly lifted into the air above her small balcony. Cindy opened her eyes and looked down at toes. She was indeed floating under her own magic powers. With a smile, she looked out to the city, and thought about flying much higher. Instantly, she shot up into the sky, lifting herself off the ground and into the air with her powers.

For the first time Cindy experienced the ability to fly free without Hannah's presence. She moved herself through the air with her thoughts and nothing more. She spun around, and flew lower toward the ground. She had remembered that Hannah had told her not to fly too fast until she had the power to grow her own wings. That hadn't happened yet, but hopefully someday. 

Cindy flew above just above the buildings, and lowered herself toward the street. Even though the fog made it difficult, she found the lingerie store she was looking for, and also found an alley near by. She flew down into the alley, and quickly rested her feet on the concrete of the alley. As she tried to regain her composer, she looked around to make sure no one saw her landing. It appeared that she was safe. She quickly stood straight up, fixed her wind-swept hair, and walked out of the alley as calmly as she could. Cindy quickly found her way into the rest of the public eye as if there was nothing out of the ordinary, and found her way into the store. 

Before Cindy was a large open store full of sexy garments of all kinds. She longed to impress Hannah the next time they met, hoping that Hannah would let her choose what fantastic magical abilities she could learn. Cindy longed to learn to create things for herself; wings, clothes, and based on her current situation: money. 

Cindy wandered through the store, looking at all the various sexy clothes. There was so much to choose from, but the price tags on the clothes greatly limited what Cindy could actually purchase.

"Can I help you?" someone asked. Cindy turned and saw a gorgeous brunette in a tight white top and a short black skirt looking back at her. Her large breasts peaked out of the top of her shirt, and her small skirt hugged her curves so tightly. The first thing that Cindy could think about was how much she wanted to see more of this girl.

"Um. No. No thanks." Cindy answered.

"Well, if you need anything, just ask." The brunette said. She smiled and then walked away.

Cindy took great notice as the employee for the store walked away. Her perfect ass shaking as she walked. Her tiny little waist peaking out of the bottom of her tight white shirt. Staring at this girl was making Cindy so uncontrollably horny. She couldn't believe that a girl, besides Hannah with all her magic, was making her feel so aroused.

Suddenly, Cindy realized that her toes were not touching the ground. She wasn't sure if anyone saw her using her magic, but she didn't care and immediately thought of her toes back on the ground. In a thud, she fell back down. She lost her footing for a second, but soon regained her balance. The gorgeous girl that had caused Cindy to lose control of her magic turned back to Cindy as she noticed Cindy fall ever so slightly, but soon turned back to the other customer she was helping.

"Well, that's no way to impress her." a familiar voice said. Cindy turned to where she heard the voice come from, and slowly watched as a white glow appeared above a table full of clothes. It was Hannah, and as she slowly appeared, Cindy noticed that she wore a tiny, tight black corset with matching thong and leggings. She continued to solidify and Cindy noticed that Hannah's body was not the same as it was the last time she saw her. Now, Hannah's body had always been perfect due to her magic, but this new body that Hannah had given herself was something else. 

Spilling out and over the top of her tiny black corset where an amazingly and fantastically large pair of breasts. They were almost too big, but Cindy new they were perfect because she couldn't take her eyes off of them. By Cindy's guesses, they were enormous yet still seemed firm, round, and in no way misshapen or sagging. Yet, even with this enormous pair of breasts, Hannah maintained her tiny waist and perfectly shaped butt.

"Remember. I'm not here." Hannah said as he was on her knees on top of the table in front of Cindy, with her breasts demanding to be looked at. Hannah had been watching Cindy the entire time, and now felt that it was time to reveal herself. It was impossible for Cindy to act like Hannah wasn't there, but she had to try. "No one else can hear me or see me, Cindy." Hannah told her as Cindy pretended to look through some panties on the table. "If you want to say something to me, just think it. I'll hear you. Remember?"

"What are you doing here?" Cindy thought.

"Following you." Hannah said as she floated down off the table, and landed on her feet next to Cindy. "I heard your thoughts earlier while you were at home, and I think I have a fun solution for you."

"Were you at my house watching me again?" Cindy thought.

"No. I was far far away. That doesn't mean I'm not checking up on you."

Cindy sifted through some garments that were hanging on the wall, trying hard not to notice Hannah, who was floating beside her. Cindy pulled out a matching set of black and pink lingerie. She looked it over, but stopped when she noticed the price tag was too much.

"Those are twenty percent off, actually." a familiar voice said. Cindy and Hannah both looked over and saw that the intoxicating brunette was still watching Cindy. Cindy was lost again as she looked at the brunette's body, thinking about seeing her naked. But then she remembered what happened last time she got herself too excited, and then looked back at the price tag. It was still too much.

"I think it's hot that you like her." Hannah said. Cindy soon remembered that Hannah was obviously still reading through her mind. "I wonder what she looks like naked too." Hannah whispered into Cindy's ear. Cindy tried not to get too excited by the feel of Hannah's breathe at her ear, but soon found it impossible as she noticed Hannah's words had caused the clothes on Cindy's crush to fade away, revealing a body that rivaled Hannah's own. Cindy watched as the brunette's skirt, shirt, and white bra and thong faded into nothing.

"Oh my god ..." Cindy muttered under her breath. The brunette heard her, and turned back, totally oblivious that she appeared naked to both Cindy and Hannah.

"Yeah. All the clothes on that rack are on sale." The employee said. She smiled, and turned away. Cindy and Hannah both watched as this naked girl walked up to another customer and started talking as if she was fully clothed. It was now clear to Cindy that only her and Hannah could see her this way.

"I wish she could join us today, Cindy. You have good taste." Cindy smiled. "Why can't she?" she thought.

"Because I have something much sexier planned."

"Sexier than her?" Cindy thought, and she gestured toward the nude employee who was now across the room.

"Sort of." Hannah answered. Hannah smiled back at her, and floated her near naked body away from Cindy, this time towards the wall.

"Follow me to the changing room and bring some clothes with you!" Hannah said. She disappeared as she floated right through the wall of the store. Cindy did as she was told and quickly grabbed a few sexy items. She couldn't wait to see what magic Hannah was going to share with her. She tried not to look too eager as the naked employee turned to her again. She ran to the changing rooms in the back of the store.

The naked employee turned the customer she was helping.

"There's a sale." she told her.

Cindy saw Hannah floating against the outside of one of the changing room doors. She was massaging her left breast slowly with one hand, and motioning Cindy to join her in the changing room with the other. 

"Don't you want to see what's on the other side of this door?" Hannah asked Cindy. Cindy nodded, and Hannah then fell backwards through the door, disappearing from sight. Cindy looked around and made sure that the hallway was empty, and she then opened the door to the changing room to reveal her gorgeous friend. She was beyond shocked as to what she saw.

Instead of a changing room was a large bedroom that defied all laws of matter and psychics of everything around them. The bedroom was massive, bright, and gorgeous. On the floor in front of Cindy was Hannah's thong, corset, and leggings. In the bed in front of Cindy was a squirming Hannah with a large white sheet wrapped up around her body.

This was indeed one of those moments in which the extent Hannah's magic was truly visible. She had expanded the universe inside the changing room, and in a few moments she had created a large bed room. Cindy looked at Hannah who was wrapped up in a small white sheet on a large bed. She smiled, for she knew what Hannah had planed and she knew what was to come next. Cindy walked in the room, carrying the clothes she had brought with her from the store.

"Is this for us, I assume?" Cindy asked. 

Hannah nodded, and she glanced at the changing room door that led back to the store, and it suddenly closed and then vanished from sight. All that remained was a solid wall. Cindy looked back and realized that there was no way that she could be caught using her magic anymore.

"Oh thank god." Cindy said, and she dropped the clothes she had brought with her onto the floor. She imagined her feet lifting off the ground, and with in seconds she was weightless, floating just a few inches off the ground. She spun around in mid air, and stretched out on her back. She had only been walking around the store for a few minutes and it had seemed like an eternity of being weighed down to the ground. Flying made her feel so free and relaxed.

"How do you keep yourself from accidentally using your magic in public?" Cindy asked as her body floated above the ground under her own magic.

"Practice." Hannah giggled, "And I'm usually not visible to the rest of the world, anyway. I only let people see me who I want to see me. Let's see what you brought me."

Hannah looked down at the pile of lingerie that Cindy had brought, and it suddenly floated up off the ground and toward Hannah. Hannah used her magic to fill out the clothes as if someone was wearing them, and they merely floated in front of both Hannah and Cindy. Cindy landed back on the ground, awaiting Hannah's decision of the clothes that she had chosen.

"Not bad." Hannah exclaimed as she moved the garments through the air with her thoughts. "How about this one." Hannah said, and suddenly all the clothes faded away into nothing except a black bra and panties with white and pink trim. Cindy liked the look of it, and Hannah knew it. Hannah focused her powers, and instantly vanished in a flash of light from the bed. She reappeared floating behind Cindy and Cindy continued to gaze at the floating garments as Hannah whispered in her ear.

"Do you want me to put that on you?" Hannah asked as she floated off the ground. Cindy nodded, and she turned and faced her powerful naked friend who was just levitating off the ground a few feet. This was the first time that Cindy had seen her friend naked with her new body she created for herself for this occasion. Her body was fantastic. It would be impossible for anyone to achieve the body that Hannah had given herself. Her breasts were giant and firm. Her waist was so tiny beneath her breasts, and her thighs and butt were tight and firm. Cindy got lost in the moment, mesmerized by her friends body.

Hannah closed her eyes, and Cindy watched as her shirt and jeans faded away into a white mist. While Cindy was looking over Hannah's body, she had already changed Cindy's clothes underneath. As her shirt and jeans vanished from sight they revealed the very sexy lingerie underneath.

Her new lingerie fit perfectly. Hannah had obviously mended the clothes to accent her body, either that or Hannah had mended Cindy's own body to match the clothes. Either way, Cindy was amazed at how perfect her body looked.

"How do you like it?" Hannah asked.

"I ... I just don't know how you do it." Cindy muttered, still in awe of her own body. Cindy longed to have that magic. She hoped that Hannah was going to show her how to change her appearance by a mere thought, only of course after they had another round of amazing sex. Hannah gazed over her friend, and was pleased with her decision. In a flash, Hannah disappeared from her flight and reappeared directly standing in front of Cindy, with her bare breasts pushed up against Cindy's and her hand on Cindy's stomach, brushing her skin ever so slightly.

"You know, I never told you exactly how I got my all magic." Hannah told Cindy.

Cindy was now very interested.

Hannah looked up from her hand on Cindy's stomach, and looked deep into Cindy's eyes. "I taught myself. I used to be a normal girl like you a long time ago, but I learned to break away." Hannah leaned in slowly to kiss Cindy, but she continued to talk. "I taught myself to fly, to read people's minds, to become invisible to them, to do and create anything I could ever want." Hannah's lips finally met Cindy's, and Cindy melted into Hannah's touch, kissing her softly back. Hannah pressed her naked body harder against Cindy's, and Cindy felt an invisible force pull her hand from Hannah's shoulder down her back and cup her firm butt. Hannah started to kiss down Cindy's neck.

"How is that possible?" Cindy asked as Hannah kissed her.

"I don't know." Hannah said in between soft kisses. Hannah's feet sunk through the floor of the room, and Hannah moved her lips slowly down Cindy's body, around her large breasts and down towards her waist. She sunk deeper and deeper into the floor as she talked. "Just one day I decided to teach myself to fly. I thought long and hard, concentrated, and over time and with patience, I found myself floating. After that, I knew it would be possible to learn to do anything eventually."

Cindy moaned as Hannah now was kissing and nudging out the outside of Cindy's panties. She had sunk up to her waist into the floor in order to achieve the exact position without having to kneel or bend any part of her body.

"How ... how long did it take to learn how to ... do all this?" Cindy asked, trying not to moan out in pleasure as Hannah was only a thin piece of fabric away from eating her pussy. Hannah suddenly floated back up to Cindy's face to answer her question.

"Centuries." She said, and she turned and walked away from Cindy slowly and sexily, showing off her perfect curves. Cindy now realized that there was no way of knowing how old Hannah really was, but her body was that of a young twenty-something. It was through Hannah's magic that she was now allowed to live as long as she wanted, and if Hannah had her way, that would be forever and beyond.

"Do you want to see some more advanced magic?" Hannah asked, trying to break the conversation and get on to the sex.

"... um ... yes." Cindy said, mesmerized by Hannah firm butt that was slowly walking away from her. Hannah thought for a second how to word what she was going to ask Cindy so that she could best present her magic.

"That girl, in the store. You like her?" Hannah asked.

"Yes."

"Do you want to have sex with her?"

"... yes."

"Do you want to fuck her?"

Cindy was still scared of admitting her possible lesbian sexuality. She found herself more and more attracted to girls. It was hard not to when Hannah was constantly presenting herself with perfect bodies and perfect sex.

"Yes. I want to fuck her so bad." Cindy answered. Hannah knew that was going to be her answer, and she smiled as she heard that Cindy was okay admitting it.

"I want you to show me how badly you want to fuck her." Hannah told Cindy, still with her back to Cindy. Cindy was confused, but her confusion quickly turned to shock as Hannah's body glowed, and soon a very sexy red and black bra and panty set started to appear on her body. The thong of the panties climbed up her perfect ass, and the bra wrapped around Hannah's back, and snapped in the back. But that wasn't all that Hannah had planned. Her short blonde hair grew longer, and darker. If fell down her back in perfect small curls.

Hannah turned back to face Cindy, and Cindy realized that Hannah had changed her entire body, except for her giant breasts, to match that of the employee of the store that Cindy desired. Her face, her eyes, her hair, and the rest of her body were now those of the employee. The blonde Hannah that Cindy was used to was now gone

"Wow." Cindy said. 

Hannah smiled and showed off her totally different face and hair. "Nothing wrong with a little role-playing, now is there?" She asked, showing that it wasn't only angels and fairies that Hannah liked to pretend to be, it was even other people.

"I don't know ... I don't know what to say." Cindy said, totally in awe of Hannah's magic.
