 Cindy stood in her bedroom naked, and looked at herself in the mirror. 

She hadn't bothered to change her bedroom back since Hannah had changed it. She liked it. Cindy had added a mirror so that she could practice like Hannah told her, but that was really the only change she had made. Cindy had quit her job. She no longer saw any reason to go to work anymore, now that she was friends with Hannah.

Cindy looked up and down her body as she gazed at herself. Her body was still as exemplary and irresistible as it had been for the last few months, she just hadn't decided how to show she wanted to show it off tonight.

Cindy had not seen Hannah in over a month. Hannah said she was leaving for a while, and Cindy accepted that. She didn't know how long Hannah had planned on staying away, so she started to go out at night and drink and party. Cindy had brought home a few guys, but since her and Hannah had so much exceptional sex together, she found herself longing for girls more and more. She had yet to bring home another girl since Hannah, but the thought had crossed her mind.

Cindy hadn't decided where she was going yet tonight. She had been skimming through a clothing catalog for almost an hour now, looking at all the latest fashions and kinky attire that she could get for herself. 

She didn't know if she wanted to go clubbing, wear something skimpy, and bring home a big hot college guy or maybe put on an expensive dress and get herself into the A-list party downtown. Maybe she could spend the night in some celebrity's bed. With her perfect looks and her endless wardrobe, she could get in anywhere. One thing was for sure that Cindy wanted to go somewhere new so she wouldn't meet anyone she had already met. The only relationship she wanted anymore was the one she had with Hannah.

Cindy decided she wanted some V.I.P. treatment. She decided she was heading for the ritziest club she could find that night and she was going to get guys to buy her everything she asked for and wait on her hand and foot. She wanted to wear something very sexy, yet something very high-class. She skimmed through the catalog and found a very hot brown dress. She knew it would show off her impressive cleavage and her long legs, yet still leave anyone who saw her longing to see more. Maybe she use this outfit to tempt two guys to come home with her. She had always fantasized about two guys at the same time, but never dreamed of ever achieving it. But since Hannah, things were obviously different now.

Cindy closed her eyes, and thought about the short dress. She though about how it would look on her, and how perfectly it would fit. She imagined how it would be tight so she could show off her perfect figure, but loose so that guys would stare at her hoping her clothes would accidentally reveal something. She imagined its thin material almost appearing transparent when the light shown through it, revealing her flawless curves. She held her hand over the catalog sitting on her dresser, and longed for that dress to be on her body.

When she opened her eyes, she saw that she was now wearing the dress. Not only that, but her hair and makeup matched that of the model in the catalog wearing them.

Cindy was getting better with her magic that Hannah had taught her. She had not only been creating clothes for herself with her powers, but food, toys, jewelry and she had even started to create and modify her own body. She had learned how to style her hair and even made herself a few inches taller, but there were still a few things she couldn't do. Even though Hannah had already increased the size of Cindy's breasts for her, she couldn't seem to make them bigger or smaller.

She had tried to use her other skills that Hannah had taught her. She had the ability to fly through the air, which was something she did quite often within the confines of her own apartment. She did float herself around the kitchen, lounge in the air above her bed while reading, but she was still afraid of flying outside her own house. Being that she still lacked any type of magic that would render her invisible to normal people, she was scared of someone seeing her using her magic. That was the one thing that Hannah had made clear to her could not happen.

Cindy posed for herself, gazing in the mirror at her reflection. The dress seemed to be a perfect fit as it molded to her body. As she looked over to the clock that lie next to her bed, she figured she had better stop playing with her magic and simply finish getting ready. She pulled her dress up, revealing her shaven pussy, and focused her new favorite magic again, this time creating a small black thong that clung to her waist. Cindy let her dress fall again. She held out her wrists as she thought of expensive diamond bracelets strung together by gold ribbon. She looked in the mirror and thought about a large diamond necklace stretching down between her huge breasts. With a flash of light, they were there. She gazed at herself in the mirror as she wore millions of dollars of jewelry and clothes that were created by her thoughts.

"This is what a goddess should look like." She said to herself.

"Are you sure about that?" a voice echoed through the room. Cindy turned around and watched as the air began to glow above her bed. She walked around her bed and watched a eerie white smoke swirl about. Cindy stood and watched as the smoke began for form a body; a perfect body.

Hannah had returned to Cindy after months of being away. Cindy smiled as her friend materialized on her bed. She had her gorgeous white angel wings attached to her back and they slowly flapped behind her. She wore a sheer white gown that didn't even bother to cover up her perfect large breasts or her slim tight body in anyway. She wore amazing bright white jewelry that didn't seem to look like any type of gem that Cindy had ever seen. It was if her jewelry was made of stars. As Hannah finished her arrival, she lounged back on Cindy's bed, presenting her body to her once more.

"I like to think this is what a goddess looks like, don't you?" Hannah said, showing off her body, her clothes, her wings, and her jewelry.

"Where have you been?" Cindy asked, happy to see her omnipotent friend. Hannah slowly climbed from her lounging position and sat up on the bed. She soon floated her body slightly above the bed, maintaining her sitting position.

"I've been around ... experiencing things. People. Positions." Hannah smiled as she floated herself. Hannah seemed almost intangible, her body was like a vapor that wasn't quite solid. Strange white mist seemed to evaporate off her body as she floated. 

"So ... should I cancel my plans for this evening now that you're here?"

"Maybe." Hannah said, even though she meant 'yes'. "Come here." She said.

Cindy slowly climbed on top of Hannah, pinning her to the bed and kissing her deeply. For the first time in over a month, Cindy and Hannah let their tongues dance in each other's mouths, tasting each other's lips. Hannah glided her hand down Cindy's back, and as she did, Cindy's brand new brown dress slowly vanished from sight, leaving her in nothing but her black thong and her million-dollar jewelry.

"Hmm." Cindy moaned as she felt Hannah's magical hands over her bare back. She arched herself away from Hannah's naked body, welcoming her touch. "You're not wasting any time tonight, are you?" she asked.

"Think of this as an appetizer." Hannah answered.

"Sounds tasty." Cindy whispered into Hannah's mouth, and she slowly eased her way down Hannah's body. She turned Hannah so that she was sitting on the edge of the bed as she continued to kiss her way down Hannah's body. Hannah focused her magic, and suddenly everywhere Cindy's kissed Hannah, Hannah's sheer dress would dissipate away like it was made of clouds, allowing Cindy to kiss her bare skin.

Cindy found her way down to Hannah's pussy, and as she began to kiss around it, she started to bring out the kinkiness that Hannah had deep inside her.

"Yes..." Hannah moaned. She whisked her hand above her head, and Cindy looked up Hannah's body and watched as a wisp of cloud spun into a glowing white halo above Hannah's head. Hannah smiled, and she placed her hand on Cindy's head, pushing her against her pussy.

"Go ahead and suck on this beautiful angel's pussy. Make her cum." Hannah said as she decided to push her angel costume to its limits, embracing another one of her kinky role-plays. Cindy smiled as she entered into another one of Hannah's games, and lovingly changed her small kisses around Hannah's pussy to a long wet lick. She eased her tongue into Hannah's pussy, and Hannah's wings arched upward at the sensation of Cindy's mouth. 

Hannah had been using her magic so much lately that she seemed to have very little control over it. As Cindy sucked on Hannah's clit, Hannah began to lose control of her magic. Cindy watched as Hannah's body would fade in and out of visibility ever so slightly. She watched as Hannah's hair changed from short blonde to long redhead to curly brunette, and back to her classic blonde look. She gazed in amazement at Hannah's breasts as they slowly grew larger and larger. Hannah even had to place her magical fingers over them to concentrate her magic and keep them from growing too large.

As a shockingly warm gust of wind blew the windows of the bedroom open, Cindy knew she was getting to her friend. She pulled her tongue away from her pussy, eased one of her fingers inside instead. As Cindy started to fuck Hannah with her finger, Hannah fell backwards on the bed, allowing her large angel wings to spread over the blankets and her large breasts to push up towards the ceiling. As Cindy continued to fuck her harder and harder, the bedroom began to shake ever so slightly. Hannah's body even began to float up off the bed as she lost control of her magic.

"Oh yes! More..." Hannah moaned as her weightless body floated above Cindy's bed. Hannah's hands roamed furiously over her own body. She squeezed her own breasts, pinched her own nipples, and ran her hands up through her hair and out around the feathers of her beautiful white wings.

Cindy pulled her wet hand from Hannah's pussy, and licked her fingers to taste her friend. Hannah was breathing heavily, floating on her back, and wondering why her friend had stopped. Cindy held out her newly cleaned hand before Hannah, and used her magical ability to create objects to make a large rubber vibrator. 

"I've always wanted to fuck an angel." Cindy said as she too embraced Hannah's role-play. With her new vibrator in hand, Cindy inserted it into Hannah instead of her hands. She pushed the vibrator in far and deep, filling up Hannah's pussy that was soaking wet with her juices.

"Oh fuck! Yes, please! Fuck me!" Hannah screamed in pleasure as the vibrator clicked on. Bright light beamed from her body as Cindy fucked her weightless body harder and harder. Hannah's large breasts bounced as Hannah lifted and lowered her body up and down on the vibrator.

Suddenly Cindy felt a hand push the back of her head forward, and pull her down towards Hannah's pussy. Cindy felt the magical force push her face towards Hannah's clit, and Cindy had no choice but to take Hannah's soft clit in her mouth as she pulled the vibrator in and out of Hannah. Hannah wrapped her angel wings around Cindy, pulling her even closer. The magic warmth of the wings on Cindy's back made her suddenly uncontrollably aroused, and she pulled at Hannah's clit with her mouth.

The combination of Cindy's mouth and the vibrator finally did Hannah in and gave her an amazing orgasm. Cindy fell forward on the bed as Hannah lost complete control, and her body exploded into a fine white mist. Cindy rolled over and watched as the mist swirled around her bedroom, spinning around in the air. She knew that this strange mist was Hannah, cumming over and over again in ecstasy. Cindy smiled and watched as the mist swirled towards her, settling on her bed. The mist glowed and Hannah merged back together, forming her voluptuous body once more. She kept herself in her angel costume, complete with her cute glowing halo as well. As soon as Hannah became solid again, she pulled Cindy across the bed and into her arms, and she slowly started to kiss and rub her near-naked body against Cindy.

"Thank you for that, baby." Hannah told Cindy. "I promise I will return the favor later tonight."

"Are we going somewhere?" Cindy asked between kisses.

"Yes, and we actually need to get going." Hannah realized. "Stand over there and put on something fun." Hannah pointed a few feet away from her, and before Cindy could turn and float to that spot, she was there. Hannah had placed her there as she couldn't help but continue to play with her powers.

Cindy thought of something fun. She thought of black lingerie. She thought of long black stockings. She thought of a sheer light blue robe. She closed her eyes and thought about these things on her body. When she opened her eyes her old clothes were gone, and were replaced by her thoughts. She rubbed her hands over her breasts as the warmth of her magic aroused her.

Hannah smiled as she watched her friend prepare for another erotic night, but Hannah knew that this would be a night out. There were so many things that Cindy didn't know about Hannah's life as an all-powerful being, and there was one secret that Hannah wanted to reveal to her tonight.

Cindy spun around to face her friend and present her clothes. "What do you think, baby?" she asked, but all that was left in Hannah's place was a faint white glow that soon disappeared completely. Then bring light seemed to beam in through her bedroom window. Cindy walked over to the window and saw Hannah floating outside, well over ten stories above the ground below. She watched as her large friends glorious wings flapped and the night wind blew her sheer dress about.

"I think you should come out here with me." Hannah said, and she floated her body toward the window. Cindy nodded, and then turned and left her room. She arrived at her kitchen and then walked out onto the balcony and stood there allowing the cool breeze of the night air to brush her light blue robe about. Hannah flew in front of her, and waved her glowing magical hands at Cindy. "Don't worry. I just made you invisible to the rest of the world. No one can see you. Come up here." Hannah shouted, and she flapped her wings and began to fly higher into the sky.

Cindy stepped up onto her toes and let her toes lift slightly up off the ground as she thought about flying. She opened her eyes and watched her feet and her body float up over the railing of the balcony. She floated up over the side of the balcony and looked down at the streets far below. There was nothing between her toes and the concrete ten stories below but her thoughts, and that was enough to keep her floating.

"There's somewhere I need to take you." Hannah said as Cindy floated up higher towards her. Hannah turned toward the horizon, and then in a mere flap of her wings she shoot out toward the horizon in a beam of white light.

Cindy looked down at the busy streets beneath her toes, and then concentrated on following Hannah. She stretched her arms out like wings, and looked down at the city as she flew under her own magic. Cindy looked toward the horizon and saw a yellow star glowing brightly. She continued to fly towards it, thinking that Hannah was showing her where to go.

She flew her near-naked gorgeous body over high-class parties on the roof top of expensive apartment buildings. Anyone that could see her would have seen this powerful erotic beauty in black lingerie soaring overhead. She knew that she would have been at one of those parties tonight, but she also knew that Hannah had something much better planned; something that was probably far better than anything she could have come up with on her own. There would always be time to go to another one of those fancy parties in the future. 

After almost ten minutes of flying, Cindy finally could see that they yellow star was in fact Hannah, glowing her body with all her magic. As she caught up to Hannah, the glow dimmed, and Cindy had completely left the city and arrived in the suburban houses outside of town. This was not nearly as sexy as Cindy had hoped, but she was sure there was some catch. Cindy slowed her flight and found Hannah floating about fifty feet off the ground and across the street from a large above a suburban house. Her angel wings flapped gently, keeping her gorgeous body afloat. She still wore that extremely sheer white gown that left her right breast totally exposed and the rest of her naked body in plain sight under the thin fabric. Cindy wondered why she wore anything at all.

"Because it's just sexy, duh." Hannah told her. Cindy still hadn't got used to the fact that every thought she had was being read by Hannah.

"What are we doing here?" Cindy asked aloud.

"There's just something you need to see. Follow me." Hannah said, and she glided her body from the air down toward the house. Cindy floated after her, and the two magical ladies landed softly on the lawn. Hannah walked towards the front door, and Cindy followed, as Hannah arrived at the front door, she looked back and Cindy and held her hand out for Cindy to take it. Cindy was confused, but took her hand. As she did, Hannah turned to the front door, walked directly through it as if it was opened. As her body disappeared through the door, Hannah tugged, and pulled Cindy through the door as well.

They arrived inside, and Cindy immediately heard arguing between a daughter and her parents. She left Hannah's side and peered inside the living room. There she saw a redhead about eighteen years old arguing over her school work.

"What is going on? Why are we here?" Cindy wondered as she stood in lingerie inside a stranger's home.

"Follow me upstairs and I'll show you." Hannah said. Cindy turned to the staircase that Hannah was floating next to, and then Hannah flapped her wings just once, and Cindy watched her float up towards the ceiling. She watched as her waist, thighs, ankles and toes disappeared into the ceiling, and Cindy had no choice but to take the long way. She turned back to the arguing family, and then back to the staircase. She floated up the staircase into the house, and started to look for Hannah.

Cindy looked down the hallways of this strange house, and suddenly an arm seemed to merge out of a solid door. It was obviously Hannah's, and it waved for her to come into that particular room. As Cindy walked towards it, the hand sunk back into the door. She opened the door and saw Hannah lounging on a desk inside the room. She concluded that they must be in the girl's bedroom, as it had posters and articles of clothing that a young teenager would own. Hannah rose her hands to the ceiling and stretched out her wings and Cindy walked up to Hannah, climbing between her legs.

"What are we doing here, baby?" Cindy asked, and she snuggled in close to Hannah. Hannah wrapped her wings around Cindy, and pulled her in close, pressing their huge breasts together. Hannah gently kissed Cindy on the lips.

"Just wait. I know you want to fuck again, and we will. Just wait a few minutes." Hannah told her as her lips lifted off of Cindy's. Hannah's kiss plus the softness of the feathers of her wings made Cindy almost collapse in pleasure and relaxation. Suddenly, the door to the bedroom opened, interrupting Cindy's moment of bliss. The teenage redhead walked inside and she slammed the door behind her. 

"This is why I brought you here." Hannah told Cindy. "Watch." Hannah said, and Cindy turned and watched the redhead who just walked in.

"Finally..." the redhead signed as she locked the door to her room. Suddenly, the redhead waved her hands, and all her clothes ripped off her body, leaving her naked standing against the door. Cindy's jaw dropped, and the girl looked over her own body. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, and Cindy watched as the redhead closed her eyes, and used her own magic to enhance her body with larger breasts and a firmer body. She floated gently off the ground in a bright red glow as she changed herself. Her hair grew longer, and her ass tightened. Black smoke appeared whisking around the room, and eventually around the redhead as she floated. As the smoked faded, and became a sexy black lingerie set that appeared over her now perfect body. She was dressed with seduction in mind. 
