 The door to the bar's bathroom burst open as Paul and Tiffany were in a furious embrace; kissing and groping each other's bodies. It seemed as though Tiffany could no longer wait for Paul's cock, and demanded sex right there in the public bathroom. Paul was dragged in by this white shirt and unexpectedly jerked around the Men's room by Tiffany. It wasn't that he didn't want to have sex with his gorgeous blonde bombshell of a wife, he was just taken off guard. He didn't understand for a second why she was unbuttoning his shirt for just moments earlier she had stormed off angrily after yet another argument. As Tiffany finally opened his shirt with unexpected force, he simply came to understand that this must be make up sex.

Tiffany climbed back up Paul's hard body and spoke into his lips. 

"Get me naked." she whispered. Again, Paul was shocked to hear such demanding sexual words from his formerly sexless wife, but he wasted little time in spinning his wife around so he could lift her black top up over her head.

All that remained where her tiny black shorts and a small black bra. He took a moment to gaze over his skinny and busty wife, as it had been quite a while since he got such a good look at her in such little clothes. It was almost as if he had forgot how amazing her body was as he couldn't shake out of his pause.

But it would by Tiffany who would shake him free, as she quickly reached around her back and snapped her bra clip, allowing it to fall to the ground and her large fake breasts to fall free.

"Hurry up!" she cried out as she slid herself out of her panties and stood before Paul naked. She latched onto Paul's belt, and ripped him up against her. Her sex drive was making her vicious and she easily yanked the massive and powerful body of Paul up against hers. "I wanna fuck before someone catches us!"

She helped Paul out of his pants as she dropped to her knees. In seconds, Paul's massive cock was in her face, and she wasted little time in getting it into her mouth. As Paul stood before his wife, letting her suck his cock right there in the public bathroom of the bar, he couldn't help but ponder how he got here. The fight, the lack of sex since the honeymoon, and even the plain sex he tried to enjoy through the years; now this public exposure and lust for sex? It didn't make since.

Soon Paul felt his loose shirt ripped off from behind, and he too was naked in the bathroom. Tiffany stroked and sucked on his massive cock, giving him head like he had never had before. He fell backwards against the tile wall of the bathroom as he became light headed. TIffany pulled his cock from her mouth and furiously started to jerk him off.

"Cum on me!" Tiffany cried out as she had one hand on Paul's cock and the other on her left breast, caressing and pinching herself. This was another surprise. The vanilla sex that Paul was used to was becoming more and more kinky. Tiffany didn't swallow and definitely didn't let Paul cum anywhere on her body. But as she jerked him harder and harder as she remained on her knees before him, he couldn't help it. His hand lowered down to his own cock as Tiffany opened her mouth and lifted her breasts upward with her hands.

"Fuck, baby!" Paul moaned out, and he sprayed his cum all over her face and tits. What landed in her mouth, she quickly licked up and swallowed. What remained on her body, she quickly rubbed all over herself, caressing her own breasts.

Paul stepped forward, woozy from the orgasm, and placed his hand on the sink to keep himself standing.

"You need a paper towel?" He asked, trying to be cordial. As he turned around for her answer, he saw that his nude wife was now standing. She pounced once more on him, and the couple stumbled onto the ground. Now on top of Paul, Tiffany spread her legs over his dwindling cock, and quickly grabbed hold of it. She used her hands to guide him into her wet pussy, and rode him on the floor of the bathroom. Despite having just came, the sight of Tiffany's bouncing breasts quickly made him hard again, he grabbed hold of her and she rode him with all her might.

"Fuck yeah!" she cried out. She suddenly spun around and rode Paul's massive cock backwards, letting her ass bounce on him and his hands wrap around her waist as Paul held on to her for dear life. She pressed herself harder and harder down onto Paul, trying to get as much of his cock inside her as she could handle. She bounced faster and faster, now taking hold of her own breasts as they began to bounce so much that it became painful.

Having enough of the cold tile, Paul pushed Tiffany forward and got her on all fours. From behind, he took control of her and drilled her hard and deep as her hands spread out before her. His cock was becoming so hard and powerful yet again, that it was becoming almost too much to bare.

Tiffany opened her mouth, but no words came out. She bit her lower lip as with one powerful trust, Paul drove her over the edge. She came hard on his cock and he could feel her cum covering him. She fell forward and face planted onto the tile surface of the bathroom, smiling as she lie on her face. Paul pulled his cock from her soaking pussy, and climbed back to his feet fully satisfied.

"Go get me a drink." he heard his wife say as she lie on the ground.

He looked down at his nude wife, and then over to his clothes. Not wanting to fall back into another argument after such kinky sex, he quickly pulled his pants up, tightened his belt, buttoned his shirt, and left her alone in the Men's room to dress herself.

As Tiffany heard the door close yet again, she slowly lifted herself back to her feet. She was groggy, happy, and running out of time before someone found her naked in the bathroom. Ignoring her clothes, she walked over to the mirror, and looked at herself. Her hair was a mess, her body was covered in sweat and cum, and all she had on were her heels.

Trying to fix her curly blonde hair, she placed her hands through it and started combing it out. As she ran her hands through it, it began to straighten. She closed her eyes and waited. As she continued to comb her hair with her fingers, her hair began to not only straighten, but darken as well. Within seconds, Tiffany changed her hair color from blonde to brunette. She looked in the mirror and smiled at her new hair style. She then shook her hair all about, shaking her head and wailing it around. She then stopped and looked at herself again in the mirror.

She wasn't Tiffany any longer.

She was Cindy.

She could change her own figure into anyone else's she wanted.

She could fly. She could turn into liquid.

She could create and destroy small objects and clothes.

She was a magical girl indeed, and all she wanted in life anymore was sex and more magic.

Cindy looked back at her stripped clothes lying on the ground where she had left them. She then gave them a quickly and angry look and they vanished from the floor instantly. She then looked back at herself in the mirror and watched as the clothes slowly reappeared on her own body. Her loose fitting black shirt hid her perfect gorgeous and (by normal standards) real breasts. She also wore a tiny black pair of booty shorts that climbed up her tight ass and revealed her long sexy legs. She was dressed and back to her normal self once more.

She had spent a few hours lingering in that bar, waiting for someone worthy of her body to come inside. She didn't care if it was a guy or a girl; she just wanted someone hot. She found that hotness she wanted in Paul, but Paul had brought his wife; his blonde and pissy and moody wife. Cindy decided to try out her newest magic and become Paul's wife, only she was going to be the wife that Paul always wanted. She was going to be sexual and aggressive. She was going to get Paul's cock.

After having got what she wanted, she decided it was time to go home again. As she looked into the mirror at her familiar figure, she planned out the rest of her evening. She's just head back to her apartment which was just about a dozen blocks from the bar. Then, maybe relax and dissolve her human form into a hot bubble bath or create a vibrator to please herself in her large bed.

Cindy decided that sounded like a great idea, and she headed out of the Men's room. As she approached the door, two drunken frat guys burst in laughing. Cindy gave them a tiny smile and continued to walk out of the bathroom. The two men looked to each other in shock.

"Aren't you glad you didn't hit on her... him?" One asked the other.

"I never would have guessed." the other said.

Cindy left the confused boys and found herself back among the bar crowd. She regained her status as the center of attention at the bar as she was undoubtedly the most gorgeous girl there. She walked slow as she allowed everyone to take in the sight of this sexy girl strutting by. But as she reached the front door, she heard something from the distance.

"Is that her?" Cindy heard a voice cry out. She turned and saw the real Tiffany standing with Paul. She was wearing the exact same thing as Cindy for Cindy had mimicked her perfectly. Cindy thought that perhaps she should have changed into something else, but it was too late.

"No." Paul answered. "I don't think so."

"You don't think so?!" Tiffany yelled back at her dufus of a husband.

"I swear it was you I had sex with in the bathroom. What is with you?"

With those words, the whole bar started to pay attention to this crisis. Cindy wondered if she should just run and get out of the mess. But something in her made her stay. Something told her to stand and take it. She was far more powerful than this normal girl. Perhaps she would demonstrate how much better she was.

But before she floated into the air and removed all of Tiffany's clothes to embarrass her, she knew Hannah was most likely watching. Hannah, the omnipotent goddess who had revealed to Cindy she was magical was always watching. Hannah didn't want Cindy revealing her magic to anyone that didn't also have magic. It was the main law she had to obey or risk having all her magical abilities removed.

Cindy still stayed in that bar despite the trouble she was now in. A path was now laid out between herself and the fighting couple by the rest of the bar.

"I don't see how he could have ever thought I was you." Cindy announced to Tiffany, presumably taking Paul's side. "I'm far sexier than you."

"You bitch!" Tiffany yelled back as Cindy insulted her. Tiffany stepped forward to prepare to fight Cindy, but stopped as she watched Cindy slowly lift her shirt upward over her breasts, revealing her black bra underneath. Cries of joy were heard throughout the bar and Tiffany, Paul, and everyone else watched as Cindy flipped her bra cups open, revealing her large real breasts. Finally she stepped into the center of the open floor, and let everyone look at her body.

"See these, baby?" Cindy asked Tiffany as she caressed her bare breasts. "These are real. Yours aren't." Cindy's hands slowly fell to her waist, and her fingers slid under her black shorts. She leaned forward and slowly lowered her shorts, revealing her tight pussy for all the on lookers. She continued to frolic in the doorway of the bar, stripping for all the onlookers and caressing her perfect body with her fingertips. She danced around the circle enjoying the attention, and quickly reached around and unhooked her bra straps allowing herself to be totally nude in public.

She danced and spun as men starting to shake money towards her. She didn't take it. She didn't care for money. She was loving being naked in public without having someone hide her with magical powers. She ran her hands between her legs and caressed her own pussy. She cupped her large breasts and ran her fingers through her straight dark hair. She smiled and laughed as she knew she was allowed to get away with such an act.

But then everything went black.

-----

Cindy woke up and looked upward at a dark gray ceiling. She quickly sat upward, and realized she was in what appeared to be a holding cell within a police station. She had been booked and arrested for her indecent exposure. She found herself back in her tiny black shirt, shorts, and with bandages on her head. She touched the bandages and found that there were bits of glass in her now wet hair that smelled of beer. It seemed as though someone had hit her over the head with a beer bottle, most likely Tiffany.

To make matters worse, someone was staring at her from across the cell. Sitting across from her in the cell wasn't Tiffany, but appeared to be a sleazy prostitute. This obviously drunk young girl seemed to have a surprisingly nice tight little body, firm breasts, and long dark brown hair, but ruined any attractiveness with her bad make up and overly revealing fishnet dress. Cindy had to figure a way out of this. Even though it seemed that the police had left her alone for the night, she still was under the watchful eye this hooker. This meant she couldn't expose her magic and use it to escape. She couldn't fly away. She couldn't turn into someone else. She couldn't even create a comfortable coat to wrap herself in as the air of the cold cell settled around her. She was stuck.

"Nice of you to join me here." the hooker laughed. Cindy didn't respond. "What you in for?" the hooker asked again. Cindy still wasn't in the mood for talking as her head started to hurt. Pain was something Cindy couldn't seem to stop either. "I'm Jasmine." the hooker told Cindy, trying to break the silence. "You're gonna be here a while, might as well talk. Looks like you got beat up."

Those words angered Cindy. If she was allowed to use her magic in public, she knew it would be so easy to destroy that other girl. Cindy could have scooped the girl up, flown high into the sky, and dropped her to her doom. She could have quickly created any type of weapon in her hands, be a knife or gun, and used that too. Heck, she could have just turned into a body builder and thrown a table at her. This Jasmine girl had no idea what type of magic being she was talking to, and Cindy was trying hard not to disintegrate Jasmine's slutty clothes with her powers to scare her into keeping quiet.

"I didn't get beat up." Cindy finally answered.

"What do you have under there? Ds?" Jasmine asked as she tried to get a look through Cindy's top. Cindy didn't care anymore. She quickly flashed Jasmine, showing her perfect large breasts tucked under her bra.

"Damn, girl. You're stacked." Jasmine answered.

"You just can't stop showing off, can you?" someone shouted from outside the cell. Cindy quickly pulled her top back down as she saw an officer standing on the other side of the bars. "Jasmine!" the officer then shouted. "You got bailed again. Let's go."

"Ha!" Jasmine laughed, and she hopped to her feet. "Nice knowin' ya! Ya got nice tits!"

The officer opened the door to the cell and let Jasmine out. Cindy listened as Jasmine's cheap heels clacked down the hallway and towards freedom. Cindy just smiled, and waited for the officer to leave. He smiled back, having enjoyed the quick view he had of Cindy's breasts. After a creepy stare, he then slammed the door shut again and walked away.

Cindy waited. She had a few ideas of what she could do to escape. She waited for the officer to go far away. She climbed to her feet, and walked up to the cell bars. She could look down the hall and see that he was long gone. She quickly ran over to the toilet. She knew it wasn't going to be anything near pretty, but it was a way out.

Cindy quickly lifted the lid and found that it wasn't a way out. It was a pit toilet. It was disgusting and foul and a reason to try plan B.

Cindy slammed the lid down again, and stood in the middle of the room. She took one more quick look around again, and then closed her eyes. In almost less than a second, she melted to the ground in a puddle, leaving nothing but her wet clothes behind. She had succeeded in transforming into water, but she was now a puddle, nothing more. She soon realized that without normal water to travel through, turning into water was pretty much useless unless she just wanted to be a puddle. That meant it was time for plan C.

She immediately pulled her body back to its human form, and sat naked on the cold ground. She stood up, still naked in the cell, and quickly pulled her now perfectly dry clothes back onto her curvy body. As she redressed herself, she realized that the situation was becoming increasingly annoying. She knew she could create small objects, and walked over to the keyhole. She held her hand out, and quickly created a key to put into the keyhole. If this worked, she knew she would have to still sneak out of the police station undetected. Just being out of the cell wasn't going to mean freedom.

It didn't matter anyway. Creating vibrators or apples or clothes was easy, but a key? Cindy realized that there was no magic that she possessed that would allow her to create a matching key to that keyhole. The key was a waste. Plan D?

Cindy tossed it against the wall across from her. Before it could hit the wall, it fell out of range of Cindy's limited magic, and vanished from existence. She then gritted her teeth, and focused her magic on herself. The muscles in her arms grew. Her shoulders became wider. Her breasts started to shrink as her chest and ab muscles grew bigger and bigger. She was turning herself into that body builder that would have crushed that tramp back at the bar. 

Now massive and powerful, this new hulked Cindy grabbed hold of the bars in front of her, and she started to pull. She pushed. She pried. She squeezed as her massive arms strained. But she gave up as the bars didn't even move. With a quick and long sigh, her body shrunk back to it's feminine sexy self. This was becoming hopeless. Cindy thought how despite the fact she had become so amazingly strong, those metal bars didn't move. She was running out of options.

Cindy plopped herself back down on the bench, defeated. She skimmed through her powers again, thinking of what to do. Turning into water, flying, creating small objects, and even making herself stronger wasn't going to help. On top of that, Hannah obviously wasn't coming to her rescue because she would have a long time ago. Alexis probably wasn't using magic today, either. She was getting angry. Cindy tossed her hands in the air in defeat, and tried to calm down. It wasn't so bad. She'd just get released sooner or later and run away with Hannah. At this point and after all this excitement, the only thing that Cindy now thought about was relaxing. She sighed, and leaned back against the stone wall behind her.

She never touched it. She fell right through it.

With a bang, she hit her head on a tile floor of another room. Cindy found herself on a cold floor, and she quickly rolled over onto all fours and propped herself up. She was now in a dark office somewhere inside the police station. The shock of her sudden change in location terrified her. She had no idea if anyone could see her now. As Cindy looked back at her body, she noticed that she wasn't only naked, but legs were still submerged in the solid wall behind her. Her bare back and large breasts were now visible as her clothes did not make the trip through the wall. Cindy quickly crawled into the office and hid behind a desk, wondering what was happening to her. She reached towards the desk that she was now hiding behind, and grabbed hold of the solid wood. She pulled her hand back away, and then tried to grab the desk again, only this time she thought about her hand passing through it. She didn't want to touch it.

She didn't. Her had passed right through the solid object, and she leaned to the side so she could see her fingers coming out the other end of the desk. She wiggled her fingers that were now submerged within the desk. Cindy was overcome with excitement as she had somehow given herself new magic. She smiled the biggest smile she could, and pulled her hand back away from the desk.
