 Cindy stood in the bathroom, staring at herself in the mirror. She stood there, staring at her naked body, her large breasts and her long dark hair, wondering what this night called for.

Nights like this one had become ritual. They always started with Cindy looking at her naked body in the mirror. Sometimes in the bathroom, sometimes in her own room, or even sometimes she just lie in bed naked, thinking about what to wear. Cindy now lived for the night. By day she played around in her apartment, and by night she was hitting the town with the intention of bringing home some gorgeous guy or girl.

Cindy was stumped. She had drained all of her good ideas over the last few weeks and was running out of creative ideas. She stopped looking at her body, and looked down at the bright pink invitation she had received that was sitting on the bathroom counter.

Just three days ago, Cindy got a strange invitation in the mail to attend The Roaring Phoenix; a nightclub that led the way in elite invitation and enticing bodies. Cindy had heard of it, but she had never gone, mainly because she wasn't invited nor had the abilities to sneak inside. Besides, this invitation could really be one of two things; either someone actually had seen her at another club and wanted her to be sure to attend, or it was just another elaborate kinky plot by her friend Hannah. It had been over a month since Hannah had brought her to her house, and that was the last time she saw her. Regardless of the facts behind the invitations, Cindy was going.

At the bottom of the invitation, in personal handwriting, it said "stand out so I can find you". Cindy had read it before, but now that she was getting ready to go, this was her inspiration. She wanted to stand out in a big way and that reminded her of the months she had stayed with Hannah at her mansion. More importantly, she thought of Erica. Erica, who's body was impossibly perfect, who's curves could never be achieved by any girl, who's breasts might have weighed more then her entire body. It was Erica that who had grabbed hold of Cindy's attention in an instant the moment she arrived at Hannah's mansion. It was that effect that Cindy wanted to have when she visited The Roaring Phoenix. She wanted not just the sender of this invitation to notice her, but everyone in the club.

Cindy looked back into the mirror, stood up straight, and glared at her own large breasts. It was time to stop thinking and start acting. It was time to get serious. It was time to get ready for her legendary night on the town. She placed her hands on her hips as she looked down at her large breasts; breasts that were already gorgeous D-cups, and concentrated her thoughts.

"Bigger." she thought. She continued to think that simple word as he looked at her bare breasts in the mirror. There was no change and her wishes went unanswered.

"Bigger." she said allowed. She closed her eyes and imagined her breasts being as big as Erica's. She thought of Erica. She longed for Erica's body.

She opened her eyes and watch as slowly, like two large inflating balloons, her breasts started to grow larger. As her magic and her thoughts changed her body to what she wanted, she continued to concentrate on her breasts, enhancing her figure to impossible limits. When her breasts seemed to sag a little as they grew, she placed her own hands over her breasts. She could feel her magic flow from her hands to shape herself perfectly. Her thoughts ceased and her breasts stopped growing. She soon realized the problem of having such a body as the weight of her breasts seemed a bit too much. She closed her eyes and focused on her back muscles and her shoulders. She could feel her muscles quickly becoming stronger as her thoughts surfaced.

She then looked down at her waist, which was already quite small, and thought of it being even smaller. She thought of it being too small. She still didn't know how her body or her organs could handle such drastic changes, but then again she didn't understand how she could turn into water or walk through walls or grow angel wings and fly to new worlds. As her magic commanded, her waist trimmed down even further, giving her a body that no one else could achieve. As she finished creating her new body, she gazed at herself in the mirror. She had modified her body slightly before, but never like this. Never to this extreme. It was an hour-glass figure that could only be achieved through magic. Her breasts were almost unmeasurable. No bra would fit them. No dress could match her figure. This was to be expected, as Cindy planned on making the clothes for her body on her own.

Cindy looked down at the invitation again. The pink invitation. Cindy looked back into the mirror again, and thought pink. She thought of something tight, pink, and sparkly. She thought of something almost too tight for her tiny body and her huge breasts. She thought of something short, a nice short pink dress. She watched as her stomach seemed to glow white. She watched as white glowing straps appeared dangling over her shoulders. As the glow faded, she saw that exactly what she had envisioned on wear that night slowly appeared on her body. This tiny pink dress was all she planned on wearing that night, no panties, no bra, just that tiny pink dress. If anyone managed to get a glimpse of her pussy or her nipples, then they were lucky and deserved that as a reward.

Ready for the event, Cindy gazed at herself. She rubbed her hands down her breasts, her new huge breasts, and moaned at her own touch. She looked at herself in the mirror, and watched as her hands lifted her breasts together, pushing them to form massive cleavage. The sight of her own new body reminded her of Erica's. The thought of Erica's breasts and body was only making her horny as her hands roamed down her tiny waist. She lifted up her dress so she could look at her own tiny shaven pussy. She couldn't help but roam her hand over her clit, and she moaned as she rubbed herself with her fingertips.

It was then that she knew she had reached the point of no going back. She had to cum. There was nothing wrong with a little personal pleasure before her trip. She let herself fall backwards against the wall of the bathroom, and eased her fingers up her pussy. With her free hand, she pulled the strap over her shoulder, allowing her new epic breast to fall out. She cupped her breast with her hand a squeezed and pinched while she fingered her pussy. Even thought she was getting hot, she knew her hand was not enough. She took her hand from her breasts and held her hand in front of her as if she was holding something. Sure enough, as her thoughts emerged, she created a small pink dildo. But to her surprise, the dildo was not in her hand, but instead it was floating a few inches above it.

Somehow, Cindy's telekinesis had kicked in.

Cindy was shocked, and lowed her hand leaving the dildo floating in front of her. Telekinesis, which Hannah and all the other girls she had met possessed, was something Cindy struggled with. Hannah had lifted Cindy into the air various times without even a gesture or a second look, and she had claimed that she could move much larger objects with her mind. Cindy had used this magic once before while she was fucking Hannah with a strap on, but she couldn't ever get it to work since. She had tried to perfect this ability every day since she taught herself how to walk through solid objects, but it had never worked. Hannah had mentioned before that you never know what conditions will cause new powers to surface, and now that Cindy was exceptionally horny, it was working. She knew she was in control of the dildo as wherever she looked; left, right, up down, the dildo moved with her eyes. She slowly took her other hand from her wet pussy, and concentrated on the dildo in front of her. 

"Fuck me." she commanded. She held her dress up for the dildo, revealing her pussy, and she looked down as if to show the dildo where to go. The dildo continued to follow her eyes, and floated down around her pussy. "Fuck me hard!" she yelled out at the dildo, and the dildo flew up inside her pussy, easily sinking into her. She expected the sensation, but didn't expect one quite like this.

"Oh fuck!" she screamed, and she fell over onto the floor, landing on all fours. The dildo remained inside her pussy, easing in and out of her as Cindy thought it. As she spread her legs wide, all she could think about was the dildo moving in and out, faster and faster. The dildo did as her thoughts commanded and moved faster and faster, fucking her from behind. Cindy's telekinesis wasn't just working, it was working almost too good as the dildo slammed harder and harder into her the more she wanted to be fucked. It seemed enchanted, motivated by not only her thoughts and her commands, but her deep sexual desires.

Cindy looked up at her bathroom counter, and noticed that all of her now obsolete make up and bathroom items where now floating in the air as well. She needed to control her magic, but was having a difficult time as it seemed to be at a very powerful state for the time being. She had witnessed several times during sex with other magic girls where they too would lose control of their magic; fading in and out of a visible state, falling through objects, or even exploding into dust when the feeling was too good to even hold a solid state of being.

Knowing her power was growing to new levels, she felt naughty. She felt like she could do anything. Her mind wandered toward kinky thoughts, dirty thoughts. She had never done any kind of anal sex with anyone, and wondered if she should experiment. She wondered what it would feel like to have the dildo move from her pussy and go inside her ass. Her thoughts were enough, and the dildo stopped fucking her pussy, slid up, and slowly slid inside her ass as it was soaked in her pussy juices.

"Holy fuck!" She screamed in surprise, and her hands gave out and she fell on her stomach. The dildo didn't stop, and climbed deeper inside her ass, fucking her in new ways. It hurt her, but as she lay on her stomach she couldn't stop thinking about how naughty she felt: she was using her magic to fuck herself in the ass. She moved the dildo in and out of her ass slowly with her thoughts, and she slowly picked herself back up on all fours. She now smiled as the sensation and the pain seemed to pass. She reached between her legs with her hand, and rubbed her clit as she continued to move the dildo inside her.

"Oh god. Fuck. Fuck me! Harder!" She screamed out to whoever would listen as the combination of her own had and her magic pushed her towards the edge. She pounded herself in the ass with the dildo using her telekinesis while she rubbed her clit furiously, almost begging to make herself cum. Bottles of shampoo and soap that were currently floating in the air exploded as Cindy's telekinetic powers crushed them. The mirror she once looked into cracked.

"Yes! More! I'm cumming!" She moaned, and she came with a amazing orgasm. As she came, the dildo fell out of her ass, and her body fell limp to the floor. As she hit the floor, her body exploded into a wave of water, splashing onto the tile floor. All that was left was a wet pink dress, a dildo, and a large puddle of water soaking the bathroom floor. It was in that puddle of water that Cindy was smiling a big smile and relaxing as she had just made herself cum with amazing results. She had no intention of bringing her body back together, back to its solid form. She was lost in at literal sea of bliss.

Cindy had recently learned how to turn herself into anything, big or small. She hadn't played with this magic as much as Hannah probably would have liked her to. She had tried turning into objects like furniture and clothing. But didn't find those things very exciting and had yet to discover the true benefits of such a powerful magic. Without another magical being to play with, that ability seemed fairly unless to Cindy considering she always had to keep her powers a secret from the world. But there was one new thing that Cindy liked to turn into that she didn't think any other magic girl did, and she used this ability to travel around the city unnoticed by normal people. It was how she planned on traveling tonight.

The water that now covered the floor of the bathroom seemed to swirl in the middle as Cindy pulled herself back together. It rose up in the middle and slowly began to form into gorgeous nude body woman. Every drop of water that was once covered the floor was now a part of this woman's figure who stood in the middle of the bathroom, still completely made of water. In an instant that water changed to fine pink skin, and Cindy was now back to her normal self. She gazed at nude figure in the mirror once more, complete with the unfathomable size of her new breasts and tiny waist. Cindy then looked down at the now dry pink dress that was still on the floor and the used dildo. She smirked a wicked smile and left the dress on the floor as she turned back to the mirror.

Knowing that she was momentarily sexually satisfied and ready to leave, she stepped closer towards the destroyed mirror. She looked down at the sink before her as her lower torso slipped through the solid countertop. She smiled a she was part way through the solid sink, and then she continued to walk towards the mirror. Her nude figure passed through the sink and she was face to face with her self in the mirror. Suddenly she merged with the mirror, passing through her reflection completely. In a split second, Cindy was no longer in the bathroom.

Cindy's beyond perfect nude body popped out from the wall of her dining room as she stepped from the wall. She loved using her new magical ability to pass through solid objects. She used it often around her apartment and soon understood why never bothered to create doorways in her own house. The only thing that the walls now blocked for Cindy was her sight, but maybe someday that wouldn't matter either.

She walked through her kitchen, right through the island countertop, and towards the sliding glass door that lead to her balcony. Despite the fact that she had already locked her apartment completely in preparation for the night, she again allowed her nude body to pass right through the door as if it wasn't there at all. As her body made contact with the cold night air, she shivered slightly. She stood out on her balcony, with the moonlight casting beams on her amazing curves. The slight downside of Cindy's new favorite way to travel meant that she had to travel naked. She couldn't take anything with her. No clothes. No invitation. Nothing. She had to leave naked and arrive naked.

Cindy closed her eyes and prepared for her transformation. She closed her eyes, and imagined being as light as air. Her toes quickly lifted off of her balcony, and she found herself floating ever so softly into the sky. This was not a new sensation for her, and it was not in her intention to simply fly to where she was going. She still lacked a simple way to become invisible, but had found a way to work around it. She thought about being one with the air around her. She thought about dissolving. She thought about disintegrating. She thought about becoming like the wind that brushed against her weightless nude form. After focusing her magic, her body lost its structure and seemed to slowly implode into white dust. The white dust became clearer and clearer, thinner and thinner.

Cindy had vanished.

Cindy was now nothing but air.

Cindy could still see everything around her, below her, and above her. She had absolutely no form what-so-ever, but because of her magic, she retained all of her senses. It was a tricky way that she could become invisible, but it wasn't perfect as she did have to sacrifice her human form. Yet in this for she couldn't feel anything but warmth and relaxation. She could move quickly up into the clouds of the night sky, or down underneath the cars as they zoomed along the streets below. She could blow like the wind through air ducts of buildings, or pass through the leaves of the trees that decorated the streets.

But for now, Cindy zoomed up high above the city. She pulled all the tiny molecules of her altered state slightly together, allowing her upper body to return to its normal state. As her face, hair, and breasts returned to their human form briefly, she could feel the cool winds of the night sky against her. She smiled and allowed the wisps of glowing air to radiate from her. She felt like she was everywhere at once and enjoyed this new state of being, but she needed to remember the task at hand. As she looked down at the city, trying to find where she was headed, she regained her bearings and figured out where to go. She closed her eyes and exploded into white air again, swirling back down towards the city.

Like a wind she blew around the people on the sidewalks and among the trees the lined the streets. Cindy soared just above the streets at amazing speeds. When she traveled fast, she had to make sure that the winds she was creating did not alert anyone near by. She playfully flew through a few cars, creeping through the air conditioning, momentarily inside the interiors of the cars, and then back out to the streets again. This was the non-sexual pleasures that Hannah had promised Cindy long ago when she revealed her magic powers to her. Cindy was having too much fun.

Cindy slowed herself down just outside of her destination; The Roaring Phoenix. There was a very quiet line outside a dark building and not much signage identifying that this was the place to be. Luck for Cindy, she didn't need to wait in line. She merely floated her essence towards the front door, and like a calm warm wind she just eased around the bouncers and through the front door. She blew low among the ankles and shoes of those lucky enough to get inside that night. She followed the crowd toward the main dance floor of the prestigious club, and as she arrived inside the darkened room, she immediately moved her hidden essence over the crowd of people and up above the dance floor to get a good view.

The club was packed. There was bright lights flashing around the club and a deafening techno beat playing. Cindy found a sea of men and women in next to no clothing dancing on the floor below. She floated lower and found women fondling women, men kissing men, and hands roaming sweaty bodies. There were large couches on the sides of the club where topless girls lie on topless men. There was seemingly little sexual enforcement on anything, and that made Cindy very excited.

But she knew she would find little sexual gratification existing as her current form. It was a great way to travel and observe, but she had to pull her human body back together. Not only that, but she had to do it in a safe place; clear from view of the non-magic party-goers. She needed a place to get dressed.

Cindy blew up into the air vents and spread her essence out through the ventilation system looking for a restroom. She was able to search a majority of the building using this method. She did find some strange sealed areas that she couldn't even pass through existing as air, but that was not important. She had found an empty bathroom stall not far from the dance floor that she could use to pull herself back together. She gathered herself together and snuck down through the air vets. Safe from view, the air seemed to swirl about in the small bathroom stall. Within the tiny tornado, a bright white glowing being began to form. The glow faded, and Cindy found herself whole, naked, and with her amazing body ready to be seen and desired. She rubbed her hands up her sides and then up over her giant breasts, remembering that sexy pink dress she had picked out to wear. The dress slowly appeared on her body, hugging her waist and pressing her large breasts upward.
