 The next morning, after filling four tanks full of milk, Anna was brought to the assembly room. 

She guessed there were about two hundred other women there in her condition. They all were sat in special large, reclined chairs with their legs spread open for comfort. 

Once she had found the most comfortable position she could, Anna began observing the other women. All of them looked between eighteen and thirty-five, she guessed that was for fertility reasons. She also noticed they had vibrant colored hair and eyes, and the smoothest skin she had ever seen. She turned to the left when she realized the woman next to her was staring, "Hi," she said. 

"Hi, I'm Kendra. Do you know what this is all about?" 

"I have a feeling we're all in the dark." 

"Alright, quiet down girls," a loud, masculine voice called. "This will only take a minute. You are class D-45; you've all been impregnated at the same time, and you're all going to be very helpful with our efforts. Your class makes up only a fraction of the women we have at our various farms." 

"Ahhh!" a woman cried out. A man in a one-piece black suit ran to her, and shoved a dildo up her pussy. Another man sucked at her breast and covered her mouth. 

One after the other, the women in the room screamed out of nowhere and were attended to by the men in suits. 

"This is useless," said the speaker, "send the class back to their cells." 

It was like an elephant stampede. Two hundred very pregnant women lugged themselves back to their cells. 

Anna felt her orgasm in the assembly room wasn't strong enough to satisfy her for the time being. She had a special watch on her wrist that gave her a countdown to when her next milking and fucking would be. "Twenty minutes to fucking, almost an hour to milking," she pouted. 

Masturbating was very difficult for Anna now. Her huge stomach almost immobilized her. She started to cry, trying to rub her thighs together. In desperation, she pushed the call button on her watch, which she was warned was only for emergencies. 

The average-looking man with the auburn hair, who had fucked her the first time, came in within a minute. "What's wrong, Anna?" He looked at her closely, wanting to make sure nothing was wrong.

"I need to be fucked, pleeease!" Anna begged him. She tried to stick her breasts out and give him a sexy stare, anything to make him agree. 

"Anna, we realize the potions we've given you have made you extremely horny. I'm sorry you're so miserable. Unfortunately, the program is set up that way. You must be desperately in need of cock the second we're ready for you, otherwise we'd have to engage in foreplay, or even force, and we simply don't have time for that." 

"But I need it! Are all of the men busy?"

"Some of us are at the lab, the rest are at the meeting. Some of the bosses are very upset at the womens' behavoir at the orientation. You missed out on some vital information, Anna."

"It's only because of what you did to us! We can't help it."

He kissed her deeply, "I know, Anna. And please, that's only for emergencies. I'll see you later. But just this once," he reached into his pocket and handed her a small object, "this is only for today." He left. 

Anna observed the little toy. It was only about two inches long and as big around as her finger. Since it was her only hope, she pushed it into her pussy. "Come on, please," she hunched down on it, squeezing her muscles together, "uhhhh."

It did give her a small release, and for that she was grateful. She pulled it out and set it down, and began to cry. 

'I'll be desperately horny for the rest of my life, and I'm only twenty', she thought.'I live for the moment I can have my breasts milked or get fucked til I'm in agony, and I'm never satisfied,' she cried again. 

The blonde man came in with the average-looking auburn-haired man. 

"Where's the ugly guy?" Anna asked.

"We just got back a litter of beings produced by his sperm, and it wasn't good," the blonde explained. 

"But I'll never be satisfied with just the two of you!" she cried. 

"We understand that, Anna, which is why considering these circumstances, we've had our penises enlarged, so you will be satisfied," he assured her.

"A litter," she said, "so what is inside of me?" 

Both of the men were silent.

"Tell me!"

"Stop it, Anna. We don't have to tell you anything. Now do you want your fucking or not?"

She nodded. 

It wasn't as easy this time. They had to squat over her and be careful with her. She whimpered and whined the entire time. "It's too much for me," one second, and, "pleeease harder!" the next. 

"That's it, I'm sick of you whining," said the blonde. "You don't get to cum this time, we're taking you to the milkers NOW!" 

"Huh?" Anna had never heard that term before. 

"Shut up and follow us," he took her hand and began almost dragging her out of the building and across the lawns. 

They stopped at a slightly smaller building. The redhead entered a code at the gate and they were granted access. 

They stopped in a small room. Anna was commanded to get on her hands and knees. Another man was in the room, "She's too far along for this, guys." 

"This is also a disciplinary procedure," the blonde explained."

"Alright, go ahead."

"Wait, we're gonna need two more guys. Fetch um for me."

"Yes, sir."

And two more men were brought in while Anna was left in complete suspense. 

The blonde and the redhead crouched down on opposite sides of her. "I can't hold myself up this way," she said.

"Hmm," the blonde said. Soon he had tied a robe that hung from the ceiling around her belly. It was intended just for that purpose. 

The blonde removed the lid that was attached to the floor under Anna. "Begin," he said, and both of them began pulling at her huge tits. 

"Oww be careful!" she yelled, but no one listened. 

"Shut this dumb bitch up," the blonde said, so a brunette that had been called in began forcing Anna's mouth on his cock. 

Even though she was in a mess of pain and discomfort, Anna's pussy was gushing ounces of tasty mommy juice. 

The other man, who was also dark-haired, had been dangling his fingers in the sloppy cunt for several minutes. His cock grew hard as he watched her raise her ass as high as she could in silent desperation. 

The blonde and the redhead had already milked a gallon of her creamy breastmilk out. She was beginning to feel relieved in that area, at least. It was too bad the moans from her pussy were causing her to gag on the big cock in her slutty throat. 

The man at her pussy plunged inside her without warning, and slowly thrusted from side to side in her heavenly hole. Her pussy was growing a brain that could pleasure cocks better than a normal woman could. It twitched and pulled at just the right moment, heating to perfection. 

"Cum inside her but don't you dare let her cum!" the blonde warned.

"Yes, Sir!" answered the brunette, who moaned powerfully and let his cum shoot straight up her drenched hole. 

The other man had already cum and was just enjoying the feeling of her soft mouth on his limp dick. 

"We're gonna really cash in today," the blonde said to the redhead, re-closing the lid of the built-in milk container. 

They all stood and admired Anna's body. "Oh yeah," the blonde walked behind her, "we almost forgot about her cum."

"Yes, please!" Anna yelled excitedly. 

The blonde shoved his fist up her cunt as he had the night before, and held it there until she screamed a struggling fury. Then, he thrust hard. "Oh... Ohh. OH OH AHHHH! Yes, Oh damn yes!" She came and came, flooding herself right down his arm. "Mmmm.."

"Administer the GH-K," he ordered. One of the brunettes quickly stabbed a needle into her round ass cheek, and Anna fell into a deep sleep, on all fours, with a rope around her belly holding her up.