 Though the sun in the forest had began to set, two young elves were still out just a bit later than they should have been. The two girls slung attacks wildly at each other as they trained. Both were tall, light on their feet and long limbed. One was graced with a firm, muscular build, holding herself in a low crouch, daggers gripped tightly in her hands her slanted green eyes laughing as she ducked a bolt of some magic or another, lashing forward in a flurry that her companion could hardly block.

She smiled as she danced backwards, knives just barely avoiding a kiss with her opponents skin, her tongue taking a quick lap of the poisoned blade with a smirk, her long honey blond hair brushing back over the smooth, tanned exposed skin on her shoulders. Her breasts, the only protruding element of her toned body bounced obscenely in the tight armor meant to constrict their movement. The rebellious body would have none of it however, as they jiggled again as she swirled away from another spell, grinning to herself. Life was just a game to the young rouge, though her mage friend clearly thought of things quite differently.

"Lysna!" Her friend squealed in frustration, crossing her arms, black hair pulled back tightly from her face, a few curls still escaping to lay against her soft cheeks. She shook her head in disapproval, glaring at Lysna's ever widening smile. "You're supposed to be helping me practice!"

At this, the rouge laughed, launching forward with a series of slashes her training partner had to spin away to dodge, licking her lips as she landed again, watching the far more defined curves of the other girl sway and bounce with movement. She was less toned than the laughing Lysna, her waist still brought in sharply from under her heaving breasts, blooming back out into her hips. Her long robe still managed to tease her form whenever she moved, something that few failed to notice about her.

"What help would it be for you to hit me all of the time dear?" At this, Cinder pouted, leaning back a bit and shaking her head, another spell building itself between her fingers. This time, she would show her. But still... It would be nice for her to quit dodging out of the way at every chance. These spells were tiring, and Cinder couldn't keep up throwing them into the air for much longer.

"Well it would be the kind of help I asked you for, thank you!" She snorted, the spell spiraling through the air, a branch cracking underfoot distracting her as it left her fingers. The spell abruptly changed color from a bright, violent purple. As it impacted the confused rouge, it enveloped her in a romantic shade of pink. She blinked hard, falling back onto her firm behind, tilting her head as she looked around, the spells effect currently fully unknown to her.

However, Cinder could see what she had done, and at this her blue eyes went quite wide in shock. Growing from the tight pants Lysna wore was a full, thick cock. Her mouth fell gently open, the head of the new organ the same color as the spell that had created it. Lysna let out a soft moan, not quite sure why she was suddenly so painfully aroused until she looked down, just staring at her new extra.

Cinder scrambled over to her friend as soon as her shock was overcome, the still half hard organ well on its way to brushing the underside of Lysna's breasts. In her haste, the mage found herself tumbling into the rouges lap, eyes wide, blushing as her hips were pressing a bit against the new cock. The afflicted girl moaned sharply in surprise and lust, shivering as she stared up at her friend, her breasts still bouncing in her face from the fall, only growing harder at the sight.

"W-what did you do to me idiot!?" She demanded, trying to keep her mind off the increasingly tempting images flashing through her mind. All of the things she could do for revenge like this... But no, first to find out what she had to get revenge for. Cinder shook her head, blushing as she stared at the ominous creature that had risen between them. It had grown to measure at least half of Lysna's forearm, and was clearly not yet finished. 

"I... I don't know! I got distracted when I cast it and then it just happened! I'm sorry!" She begged, staring at the half enraged girl under her, scrambling away from her lap, Lysna snorting hard, grabbing her ankle, taking Cinder fully by surprise. She smirked now, remembering the kind of 'spell' books that she'd caught her with in classes. She could take full advantage of this, right? She slid one of her daggers out, licking her lips as she looked down at the now terrified mage.

"Well, you know what you have to do to fix it, right?" She blushed at this, eyes dancing between the knife and the slowly throbbing dick hovering in the air as Lysna stood, shaking her head with a hard swallow. She smirked wider, looking down at Cinders surprised and scared face. 

"You'll have to fix it for me." She grinned, stepping forward, a quick swing of the blade the robe dropped away from her shoulders, exposing her large and swaying breasts, shivering softly. She just stared, wide eyed up at her friend. She couldn't seem to form a sentence, just leaning herself upwards slightly. Her breasts wrapped softly around the large, imposing member throbbing before her eyes. The soft tan lines on her breasts pressed against Lysna's waists, her mouth falling open a bit at the feeling of them surrounding her cock, thrusting forward gently, unable to even meet the other girls sternum. 

Cinder blushed as she felt the intruding rod pressing its way further between her breasts, Lysna moaning loud as they squeezed tighter around her, reaching her hands down, nails pinching softly on the bright, hard nipples meeting around the pink head of her new cock. She shuddered lightly, thrusting her way between them more and more, shocked at how good she found it felt, her mind flooding with images of Cinders sweet face covered in cum. She reached a hand forward, gripping her nails into the other girls black hair, tearing it out of its bun as she pulled it towards her meat.

Cinders eyes went wide, as a bead of precum splattered onto her tits, blushing as another slid down the length of Lysna's shaft. The cock between her breasts gave a few great throbs as she thrust, a sudden torrent of bright pink cum bursting out, covering Cinders body, spraying up onto her face and into her hair. She blushed, open her mouth to squeal softly as it continued to rush out onto her, the great member thrusting its way between her tits.

Lysna shivered, a shot of cum landing in her friends mouth, blushing as she watched her swallow it with a soft moan, looking up briefly before her lips wrapped firmly against the still throbbing pink head of the member bobbing in the air in front of her. She shivered, her tongue dancing wildly around the head, egged on by the taste of the pink cum still clinging it it. 

Cinder slurped around the firm rod in her mouth, bobbing her head delightedly. She lapped at the opening at the end of it deeply, trying to draw out more of the addictive cum that was still coating her body. She ran her hands over her tits with a shudder, Lysna's moaning just a background as she massaged the pink jizm into her breasts, shivering as her skin absorbed it. Her eyes fluttered slowly as the cock in her mouth began to throb again.

Lysna blushed, too caught off guard by the attack to hold out from cumming. She thrust wildly into her friends mouth, closing her eyes as more cum exploded into Cinders mouth, tossing her head back as she gripped her hair, holding Cinders mouth on her cock, shivering hard as she could feel the muscles of her throat forcing it down, swallowing every drop she squirted out. 

Lysna's eyes fluttered as the stream of cum finally settled down, her cock going limp and sliding out of her friends mouth as she stumbled back, sliding down the tree behind her, panting hard. Cinder shivered, sitting back in a daze, licking her lips softly, crawling gently over, blushing as she kissed Lysna lovingly. After taking a few moment to regain their strength, the two girls stood, pulling their shambled and dirty clothes together and finding their way back.

They stumbled back into their room, both too tired to speak, collapsing into the same bed, arms wrapped tenderly around each other. A few kisses passing between them before both drifted off to sleep, the night wrapped around them now. 

******

They awoke in something between a loving embrace and cuddling together for warmth. Before falling into the bed for sleep, neither had even considered the blanket laying underneath them. They awoke cold, curled into each others arms, breath blowing gently between them. Cinders eyes fluttered open first, her blushing as she realized some of what was going on. Something warm and hard was pressing her thighs and she rotated them gently to get more comfortable. She smiled at what she thought was a groan coming from the still sleeping Lysna. 

Lysna awoke in degrees, first to press a little closer to her friend, next at the feeling of her still new organ swelling awake on its own, then moaning as she felt smooth skin sliding against it. She shivered softly, her hips giving a small thrust forward. Cinder blushed at this, sitting up a bit more and looking down at her friend, who's eyes were now opened. Lysna blushed as well, looking away at the once again massive rod jutting from her pelvis.

She wished briefly that it were gone, though that thought vanished as her eyes caught Cinders breasts and she found herself taken in by its desires. She sat up, kissing her still surprised companion, arms sliding gently around her, nails raking her shoulders to pull her closer. Despite being unprepared for the attack, Cinder pushed herself forward to it, responding to the kiss, tracing her nails over Lysna's hips slowly, smiling as they quivered under her fingertips.

Lysna moaned in surprise, her member quivering in the air. Her hands slid down, grabbing hold of Cinders soft ass and pulling her into her lap, tongue sliding between her swinging breasts. Her hands cupped them as she rubbed her cock between her friends thighs, gasping as they ground back in return. She massaged the soft skin in her hands, tilting her head back with a shout as the head of her meat slid inside of Cinder.

Cinder moaned as her hips gently slid down to meet with Lysna's, gripping her sides as she continued to knead her breasts, nails teasing and gently pinching on her excited nipples. As their hips met, the two girls kissed deeply, both blushing furiously. Lysna thrust softly, embedding her member further into her friend, blushing a bit more at just how satisfying it was to hear her friend moan, sliding her nails down to the gently bouncing girls bottom, gripping them into it with a gasp, pulling her down further. 

Before long Lysna found her hips starting to shake underneath Cinder, her friends soft panting in her ear driving her to thrust faster into her, driving her hips up wildly. The deeper her still new member slipped, the harder it throbbed. Cinder blushed softly, eyes getting wide with a sudden and sharp moan, a bulge clear in the bottom of her stomach, Lysna's enchanted cock expanding within her friend as she came closer and closer to cumming. Cinder bounced harder on her friends lap, the stretching inside her continuing to grow, the new tightness bringing on an ever growing orgasm to the girl underneath her.

When Lysna came it was a fierce spectacle, filling her lover ruthlessly, her tongue hanging out before grabbing Cinder's hair and dragging her down for a kiss, mixing their tongues together as her thrusts added to the copious amount of cum flooding deeper within her. After another minute, Lysna fell back on the pillows, sliding slowly out of her stretched friend.

Cinder collapsed with her hips wide apart, her pussy drooling out a creamy waterfall. She clamped furiously around the sudden emptiness inside of her, panting as her head slowly lifted. She blushed, then giggled, looking at the once again female center of her friends hips, nodding with a crooked grin as Lysna's eyes fluttered sweetly back open.

"Well it looks like I fixed you right up, doesn't it baby." She giggled, leaning forward to plant a tender kiss on her lovers lips, nails stroking around the points of her ears.