 Do you believe in magic? I didn't until last week.

I had gone to the mall to get some shoes for this wedding I was going to at the end of the school year. One of my sorority sisters was getting married at the end of the school year and there were going to be a lot of hot guys there so I wanted to look extra good. I really have enjoyed being in the sorority this year, my first year at Cal State and my first year away from home. My sisters are great and the older ones have been great about giving us good advice about school and life. But I especially liked the girl to girl sex talk we have had in late night sessions at the sorority house. These talks have really helped me to get more out of my sex life. Now, it's not just a quick fuck or blow job with a date. If a boy wants sex with me, he has to be ready to please me too. And these weren't just talk sessions. There were some 'hands on' sessions too, but that's another story.

However, until now, it has all been under control. But something happened last week that might just change that completely.

After wandering from store to store for two hours, I still hadn't found the shoes I wanted and I was about ready to call it quits for the day until I stopped in a Shoe Carnival store. I poked around but didn't find anything until I spotted a box behind some others. It was the only one of that brand in the store. In fact I have never heard of the brand, "Brazen". But the shoe was my size so I looked in the box. It was just what I was looking for; a very pretty, 4" heel sandal with very skinny straps that tied around the ankle. This was so feminine, not those stripper heels that I hate. I loved them, but I wasn't prepared for what happened when I tried them on. They fit perfectly and were the most comfy high heels I had ever worn. As soon as I started walking in them, the strangest thoughts came into my head. I felt as if I could see myself as men see me, and that they liked what they saw. Then I thought, "I bet they wished I didn't have any panties on underneath this skirt." And the next thing I knew I had stepped out of my panties and stuffed them into my purse. It just seemed like something I had to do. And my pussy was slightly damp and I realized I was turned on.

Thinking to myself, "That was weird," I took of the shoes and bought them. I took them home and went about my business as usual for the rest of the day. The following day my best friend stopped in and I took out the shoes to show them to her. Of course, I had to put them on to properly show them. They were still very comfortable, but I was again inexplicably turned on as I walked in them. I was just wearing some short shorts and a tight tee shirt but I thought to myself that I should be in something sexier. I think they had a similar effect on my friend because as I was modeling the shoes, I notice her absent-mindedly stroking her tits. She had to go and as we hugged goodbye, I swear I felt her hard nipples through my shirt.

When she left, I kept the shoes on and walked around some more, and found myself getting more and more turned on. Almost in a trance, I gathered up some items like I was picking them from a list, put them in a small backpack, put on a short skirt and a crop top and went out to my car. There were some workmen across the street and I got some admiring looks as I got into my car. I don't usually encourage this sort of thing but I felt as though I should give them a show and I got back out of the car and went to the trunk of the car and bent over and rummaged about as though I were looking for something. This gave them a nice look at my legs and really teased them since my ass wasn't exposed but almost.

Getting into the car, I had this sense of great excitement all through my body and after I had closed the door, I slipped out of my skirt to discover I had no panties on. "When had I taken them off?"

I pulled out of my spot and waved to the workers. As I waited at the light to pull out onto the busy street nearby I casually reached into the pack I had brought and took out a nine inch pink vibrator. Soon I was driving down this busy street, alternating between casually sucking on the vibrator and sticking it up my now wet cunt. I came to a stop light and this pickup truck with an thirty-something worker type in it stopped next to me on the right. He had a clear view of me and he soon noticed this nearly naked babe next to him. It was a long light and I gave him quite a show, spreading my legs wide and leaning back in my seat as I eased the vibrator in and out. As I did so, I was looking right up at him and making little kissing motions. I was not at all embarrassed or self conscious, just horny as a bitch in heat. But I wasn't ready to cum yet, I was enjoying this way too much.

The light changed and we moved on. He tried to stay next to me, but I lost him. However I managed to repeat the show twice (amazing how many pickups are out there), before I got to a freeway ramp and got on. The next thing I knew, I had my crop top off and I was driving down the highway naked except for my shoes, those shoes. When I got out of the city, I drove for a while until I came to an exit I had never been at before but I drove off as if on auto pilot. I drove down the side road for a while without seeing anyone and came to a little turn off which I took. It brought me to a dead end and I stopped the car and got out. I was not visible from the side road. To my right, about one hundred yards away was a pedestrian overpass over the highway. It was a strange overpass because it had no rails or fence so you would be clearly visible from the highway when you were on the overpass. 

As if performing something I had done a thousand times before, I reached into my backpack and retrieved my string of beads. You know what I am talking about, right. It is a foot long string of plastic beads that you insert into your cunt or your asshole. Sitting back on the car seat, with my legs spread wide, I inserted the string of beads into my cunt. I was dripping wet at this point and they just popped right in. They felt so good I had to try them out, so I sat there and slowly pulled them out, one by one. Each time one would pop out past my clit, I would shudder from the pleasure it gave me. I would try to grip them with my pussy and not let them out but they would pop out anyway.

Picture this now. I push the beads back in, stand up and walk the one hundred yards to the overpass, totally naked, in a sexy pair of heels, with some beads coming out of my pussy. I was totally turned on when I started walking and it was hard to imagine feeling any better, but with every step I was more and more excited, feeling the wind on my bare skin. Of course, walking in heels always makes me feel sexy but this was phenomenal. Then I was on the overpass and I was almost trembling from the excitement. Everyone on the road below could see me as I strutted across the overpass. As I walked I fondled myself. My pussy lips glistened in the sun with my juices. I spent about fifteen minutes up there, strutting back and forth, spreading my legs and sliding my beads in and out.

Then as if following a script, I returned to my car and put my skirt and top back on and headed for home. I took the beads out one last time and took out my vibrator again. As I drove, I had my skirt pulled and up and kept pleasuring myself with the vibrator. When I got back to town, I had to put the vibrator back in my backpack for fear of an accident. However, every time I stopped at a light, I had my fingers up my skirt and going in and out of my wet pussy lips. I didn't know I could stay on the edge like this for so long.

Fortunately, when I arrived home, the workers across the street were gone or I don't know what I would have done. I grabbed my things and went into the house. My whole body was on fire and I needed something big in my pussy. I threw off my clothes (but kept my shoes on) and fairly ran into my bedroom where I retrieved my biggest, thickest dildo. With shaking hands I lubed it up and slid it in. I spread my legs wide and fucked. As I fucked it, I thought about what I had just done. I thought about how hot it was and how much it turned me on to be naked in public like that. How many hundreds of people went past while I exposed myself? What if I could do that and people could touch me? I daydreamed and fucked and finally I came in wave after wave of pleasure. I had never come like that. It just took over my whole body and it seemed as though I could have taken a two foot long cock in me. And just think how much cum would be in a two footer. Exhausted, I kicked off my shoes and fell asleep on my bed.

When I awoke a few hours later, it was like coming out from under sedation. I was totally disoriented. I looked around the now darkening room and wondered if I had a dream or if I could have really done what I thought I did. But the backpack was there with the beads and vibrator in them, and they still smelled of my pussy. I picked up the shoes and there was dirt on the souls and heels so I had obviously worn them outside. 

What had happened? It had all started with these shoes. twice now I had experienced strange sensations when I put them on. Are they capable of casting a spell on me? Do I dare wear them again? What do you think?