 I ran a hand through my shaggy light brown hair and sighed. Those guys were going to taunt me until I die. I turned eighteen a while ago but graduation isn't for a while. They always picked on me because even after puberty I was lame. Sure I have a strong face but no real muscle. I may be clean without acne but I was the target of our class. 

The sun was out shining on the lush green lawn and the flowers. My vegetables were ready to be picked so I decided to grab a few. Still in my white uniform shirt and dark slacks I knelt down and started picking some radishes.

Movement caught my attention in front of me. I little black bunny was nibbling on a leaf and staring at me. I watched it being still. I was fascinated that it was this close to me. Suddenly it jumped into my lap. 

POOF! Instead of the bunny was a naked woman in my lap she shyly looked at me.

"Please you must help me," She said quietly. I couldn't help noticing the huge perky tits that were pressed against my chest. She had a nice ass too. She was a perfect hourglass. Her long dark brown hair ran down her back. She was rather pale too.

"What's wrong?" I gulped trying to hide my hard on even though she was in my lap.

"Sir, I have been cursed by a witch! Please we have to break the curse or I'll be a rabbit forever." She looked longingly into my eyes. They were purple like lavender.

"How do you break this curse?" I asked. She just transformed from a rabbit to a woman, a witch didn't seem so farfetched.

"We must," She paused blushing and looking away, "Make love." 

I almost had a heart attack. I gave her a kiss on the forehead, shaking as I did. She looked up at me and greedily stole a kiss. As her tongue searched my mouth, I groped one of her huge tits and pushed her to the ground. She undid my pants as I explored her breasts with both hands. She moaned so sweetly and spread her legs. Her pussy was wet against my cock. I started guiding it into her hot tight pussy and grunted. She moaned and wrapped her legs around my waist.

I couldn't believe how fast we were moving I was already halfway in her pussy and little time had elapsed from when I met this poor girl. I pushed all the way in and moaned. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me into a deep kiss. I started moving in and out hardly caring if I was rough anymore and she didn't seem to mind. 

Soon she tightened against my cock and I couldn't take it anymore and came into her pussy. Panting I pulled back. She smiled and shakily got up. She suddenly had a wicked smile on her face.

I watched her but I was too exhausted to get up. In the blink of an I she had a black dress on.

"What a good boy, you'll do fine," She said. I didn't understand.

"What's going on?" I whispered. I was abnormally exhausted. 

"I'm a witch, Maxy," I looked up at her.

"How do you know my name?" I asked accusingly.

"I chose you, dear, You are now going to be my little toy forever and ever. Aren't you happy?" She smiled and winked. I had no intention of ever being anyone's toy, let alone this whore of a witch. I struggled against the exhaustion and stood letting my pants slip the rest of the was off exposing my briefs.

"Never," I whispered hoarsely. Her smile faded. 

"If that's how you feel," She said suddenly smiling wickedly again, "Then, I'll make you need me." Suddenly, the exhaustion lifted like a blanket off my body. It was quickly replaced by pain. I was sweating like it was a million degrees out. My chest was tight and my legs felt weak. I vomited and it was full of blood.

When I straightened back up from puking I screamed and choked on how high pitched my voice was now. My white uniform shirt was transparent from sweat exposing two perky D breasts with big pink nipples with poked out slightly. 

I willed myself touch them and moaned. The nipples hardened almost instantly. This was wrong even for a girl. I shouldn't be this sensitive. The witch was behind me and put a hand down to my briefs and I gasped as blood rushed to my new pussy. I could feel my pulse down there. 

"What have you done to me?" I asked. My lips felt weird, plumper. 

"Dear," she licked my neck and my pussy ached with need, "You need me to turn back now. And I made you sensitive to the slightest touch to torment you even more." She rubbed my clit through my underwear and I almost went to my knees. 

"Change me back; I'll do whatever you want." I needed more of her touch and inside it disgusted me.

"You must do a daily task for me every day until I feel it is time and then, you will agree to service me as I need. Only when these terms are met will you become a young man once again."

"Alright," I agreed, grinding against her hand. My briefs were soaked with my juices. She smiled and pulled away. 

"No one will ever remember you as a boy you will start as a new student, Maxine, tomorrow. There are feminine clothes in your room and a uniform. Also, a present is on your bed. Goodbye." She disappeared.

I stumbled into the house needing release. I found the bedroom and saw a box laying on the bed. A sticky note on top of the box read: "Task #1 use this." I opened it to see a eight inch long pink vibrator inside.

I pulled off my under wear and flopped on the bed. I needed this. I pushed the tip against my pussy and gasped from the feeling. This is too sensitive it is torture. I shoved it in hard and screamed. The pain was intense but soon subsided. I hit the button on the bottom and came. It started vibrating and it felt amazing. I pulled it out and sighed. Finally, satisfied for now.

I took off the shirt carefully and studied myself in the mirror. I was pretty sexy. My hair was short for a girl but that was how long mine was. It looked sporty on me as a girl. My tits were so dirty looking. Even now when I was relaxed they stuck out half hardened. My hips were wider but my body that was weak as a boy looked perfect for a girl. My butt was larger too. It was plump and far too large to have fit into my boy pants but it suited this body perfectly. My pussy was hairless even though I was eighteen. I wonder if the witch just liked it better that way. My pussy seemed to be constantly swollen and ready to be touched. The witch was obviously a nymphomaniac or deviously brilliant at torture. My face hadn't really changed. My lips were plumper and my eyes were a bit bigger. My jaw had softened to a more ladylike shape. But it was still my face.

The next day

That damn witch had a funny sense of humor. There wasn't a single bra in the whole house. Not to mention the skirt was dangerously high. If I bent over even slightly my ass would be exposed. Plus the uniform shirt was tight enough to see my nipples poking through the fabric. The only panties she had were indecent. The closest to decent was one that was see through over my pussy and ran almost up the crack in my ass. 

Reluctantly I dressed in the uniform and the panties that I mentioned before. My hair had grown an inch over night. I headed to the kitchen and found another sticky note taped to the coffee maker. I grabbed it and read it.

"Meet me at lunch by the fountain," It read. Okay that much I could do. I ate my breakfast and left. 

I passed by several other students as I walked there and they all looked at me. 

"Are you new here?" Someone said coming beside me. I was Sam. Sam was on the football team and a complete asshole. He always bullied me. Regardless I smiled.

"Yes, I'm Maxi." I said and felt sick. He was staring at my nipples through my shirt. I tried to ignore it. We walked into the building and he led me to our homeroom. The teacher was a young guy named Mr. Sill. He was barely older than me. He had glasses and a black goatee with black hair. He was alright until I saw how he looked at me. Like He was dying to fondle me. 

"Maxine? Please stand up front for a bit." He said and sat down waiting for the class to fill up. He was staring at my barely covered ass and I felt hot suddenly. It felt good to be looked at by someone who wasn't someone I hated. My nipples hardened slightly more.

The bell rang and I looked at Mr. Sill. He adjusted his pants and stood up. I felt excited he was hard from just looking. The class looked at me expectantly.

"This is our new student, Maxine; Welcome her to our academy with open arms," He said, "today we have nothing scheduled except preparation for our chapter test so feel free to mingle." He sat back down sneaking another look at me. I smiled and took the only vacant seat which was my old one anyway. I sat through several boring hours getting hassled by boys. I was always friendly though. 

At Lunch I walked out to the fountain and saw her. She was also wearing a uniform. 

"Hello, Maxi," She cooed, "Like your teacher?" 

"Yes," I blushed. She smiled.

"I your task is to fuck him today after class," she said nonchalantly. I gasped.

"What?" I said in shock.

"Sleep with your new teacher while everyone's gone. Don't worry," She laughed. The bell rang and she disappeared. I wandered back to my classroom. The next few hours moved in a blur and suddenly the final bell rang. I got up and packed my things slowly. 

Almost everyone was gone when I started toward Mr. Sill. My face was red and I was nervous.

"Mr. Sill?" I asked. The last person walked out the door and closed it.

He looked at me with a smile, "Yes, Maxine?" 

"Oh, call me Maxi," I stalled. He leaned on the edge of his desk. 

"Ok Maxi, what's up?" He was still smiling but he seemed nervous underneath.

"I need some help." I said. I knew what would happen and it was getting me more excited then nervous now. 

"Oh yeah?" He said the smile fading a bit. I bit my lip and blushed even more.

"I have a problem you see," I lifted my skirt, "I can't calm down." Even I knew that the fabric above the transparent stuff was moist from my juices. Touching the seat had set me off slightly and anticipation made it worse.

He turned red, but said nothing.

"Mr. Sill, I have another problem too." I closed the distance between us and could see the hard on in his pants clearly. I knelt down and he squirmed until I rubbed the crotch of his pants.

"What's your... other problem?" He asked. I undid his pants and fished his cock out. 

"I missed lunch and I'm hungry," I licked the head of his cock and he bit his lip.

"Maxi," He moaned quickly succumbing to his desire. I smiled and licks his cock some more making the head shiny with my saliva. He put his hand on my head. I started suck on the head and pushing it farther into my mouth slowly. He moaned loudly and pushed against the back of my head sending his cock down my throat. I choked a bit. He started pushing my head back and forth hard. I sucked harder. My panties were soaked all the way through. 

Out of nowhere he came into my mouth. I swallowed it after he pulled out. His ten inch cock loomed over me still hard. He helped me up and then laid me across his desk. I spread my legs. 

"Maxi, you're just a little slut aren't you?" Mr. Sill said Pulling my panties off me.

"No, Mr. Sill, I've never... Had a man guy touch me before," It was true. His expression softened a bit. He kissed my lips gently.

"Maxi, What did you see in me then?" He asked and my eyes watered. He scooped me up as I started crying. 

"I'm sorry," I wailed. He held me tight his erection gone

"What's wrong?" He asked as he rocked me back and forth.

"I didn't want to do this but she made me." I cried. As a boy I was never this emotional. 

"Who?" He asked concerned.

"The witch," I cried. 

After I finished crying he took me home and dropped me off. I went into the kitchen to fix myself something for dinner. Another note was on my fridge. It read: "Tomorrow you have to make up for not finishing today's assignment."