 The Next day: Friday

The damn uniform felt tight against my chest. Every step I took made my boobs bounce. I felt everyone's attention on me. That was fine; I was starting to enjoy being looked at. 

Naturally, they had to make my Friday annoying. Gym on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays with normal classes in between. Gym took up two learning blocks and then we had health for two blocks and then we got out early. I groaned at the thought of having to face Mr. Sill after all that happened yesterday.

I went immediately to the locker room and almost stumbled when I walked into the girls room. It was still kind of awkward to see girls in various stages of changing. I sat on an unoccupied bench and started to change into the pieces of clothing that barely qualified as shorts and a sleeveless shirt. It was always good to see girls in these things when I was a boy because they showed more. Now I would have to wear these. I changed and frowned. The shorts were already starting to ride up and were near skin tight. The shirt was better because it was a crew neck. I saw some sideways glances in my direction. I don't think the other girls would warm up to me anytime soon. 

We went upstairs to the gym and got set into our places. A football player was behind me. When we started our stretches I didn't realize he was watching my ass until we bent to touch our toes and I saw him. I think he also got a view of my tits when I bent that way. 

After stretches we got split onto pairs, and I got stuck with the football guys whose name turned out to be Marcus. First we had to do sit ups. I went first with Marcus holding my feet down. I couldn't help notice how close he was to me. I also noticed how he kept looking at either my tits or my shorts which I felt riding up again. It didn't last long before I was done and it was his turn. Out of some habit from being a boy, I squatted down with my knees spread without thinking. Marcus, being the pervert he was, kept his eyes there until I closed my legs and put extra pressure on his toes.

Next we had to do pushups which I was happy about. No way would Marcus get a look at anything. Not that that stopped him from "accidently" touching my leg. When It was his turn he really showed off his pushup skills. 

After that was some stupid exercise where you step onto and off of a block really fast. Well that gave him a great view of my bouncing breasts. He also must have loved it when I lost my balance and fell on him. 

The fall made my ankle tender and, naturally, Marcus offered to help me to the nurse's office since he hit his head on the floor. So I leaned on him so I could limp with very little pressure on the ankle. We paused for a minute to tell the office next door we were going to the nurse's office. The nurse's office was a whole room to itself with several beds with curtained dividers and a desk in the far back. Marcus helped me to a bed and sat down beside me. Before I could say anything he had his lips pressed to mine. I went along with the kiss and blushed. His hands reached up my shirt and started to rub my tits. I moaned as her circled around the outside slowly spiraling down to my already stiff nipples. 

"Some-Someone's going to catch us," I said. I could feel myself getting wet. He got up and pulled the curtain closed around us. He smiled at me and pulled off his shirt showing off his muscles and a tattooed cross on his side. I blushed even more as he came over and put himself on top of me. I didn't move. I couldn't decide if I wanted him or if I should leave. He was starting to lift my shirt up. My head was clouded and I couldn't think about anything else but his warmth. He started sucking on my nipples and I was moaning and squirming. He pressed his hips against mine and I felt his raging hard on even through his shorts and mine. He started kissing down my stomach and I moaned softly. When he got to my shorts he noticed I wasn't wearing any underwear. Instead of pulling the shorts down he pulled them up. They became tight against my pussy and pulling into it. It rubbed against my clit and I gasped. He put his mouth to my pussy through the shorts. He found the spot where my clit was and pressed his tongue against it. I wiggled some more.

"Please, stop fooling around," I begged and he smiled.

"If that's what you want, baby," He said and reach over to the table beside the bed. On it were scissors and gauze. He took the scissors and before I could protest grabbed my shirt. He cut it so it splayed open like a vest. He went down to my shorts and pinched a spot at the bottom of my pussy and snipped a small hole. He ripped that hole open so it exposed from my clit to my ass. I shivered when the air reached my now exposed holes. 

He put his face down to my pussy and gave my clit a kiss. I moaned softly. I closed my eyes as his tongue ran down my pussy. My eyes popped open again when his tongue went farther and licked the entrance to my ass. I didn't stop him, it felt really good. He pushed a finger into my pussy while he started pushing his tongue into my ass. I could feel myself getting closer to a climax. He started fingering me and pushed a second finger in. 

I started cumming, and Marcus smiled. By the time I had caught my breath he had his shorts off. His cock was at least seven inches long. I leaned forward and kissed the head. He moaned but pulled away. I whimpered.

"Bend over the bed, baby," He asked and I complied. He pushed his cock against my pussy but then pushed it against my ass. 

"Don't, not in my ass," I pleaded but he was already pushing it in. I couldn't help but moan as I felt the head of his cock slip in. He grunted and then rammed the rest in. I gasped and he moaned. He started fucking my ass hard and I felt something tear. It felt good nonetheless. I was soon moaning louder than he was. 

"You like it in your ass don't you?" He said. My pussy was throbbing and aching for his cock and my ass was being brutalized. It was an amazing feeling. 

"Yes, fuck my ass harder," I said before I realized the words left my mouth. He moaned more and complied. 

"Oh god, I'm cumming!" He exclaimed just moments before I felt the first shot of hot sticky cum enter my ass. I moaned as he released even more into me. 

He pulled out and sat on the bed, his cock softening. I got on my knees and started to lick his cock. He moaned and it started to harden again. He laid back and let me lick and suck him. 

Once he had hardened again I got up and started to slip his cock into my pussy. He reached up and played with my tits. I moaned and started to ride him. He pulled on my nipples hard enough to pull me down to him. He kissed me while I rode him. It was really awkward trying to bounce on his cock and I couldn't get very fast. He got a bit frustrated and rolled us so he was on top. He started thrusting into me hard. 

I felt the orgasm that had been building break loose and I dug my nails into his back. He pulled out and pushed his cock between my tits. I pushed them around him and he started fucking them. I put my tongue out where his head poked out as he thrusted. He kept getting faster. Soon, he grunted loudly and started shooting hot cum onto my face, tits and tongue. When he finished I laid there panting and tasting his cum on my tongue. I didn't bother to wipe the cum off my face and tits. He got up and got dressed. 

"I feel much better so, I'm going to get to class. Okay, baby?" He said, halfway out the curtain. He was smiling like a fool. I had a feeling I was going to be labeled the school slut. 

"Bye Marcus, let me know next time you have to go to the nurses office," I winked. He nodded smiling even more and left. I started to wipe up his mess and caught myself licking it off my fingers. I am becoming a slut.

"Someone's been having fun," I turned to see the witch sitting next to me. She had my clothes and bag in hand. "Don't worry; I brought you your uniform." 

"I guess you're going to give me my task for today?" I said grabbing the clothes from her. I left the cum that was on my tits and put on my shirt. 

"We can't just forget about that now can we?" She smiled. Before long we were walking in the opposite direction of home. 

The sunlight still shined down and made everything warm. We arrived at a park filled with green grass and trees. I became more and more worried as we strolled down the walk to spots more secluded. A big building came into sight and I realized it was the bathrooms. This park had large bathrooms with shower stalls because of the lake nearby. We walked into the men's room. It was deserted for the moment at least. 

Using her magic, the witch made the shower curtain vanish from the wheelchair accessible shower stall. She also rotated the wide bench so it stretched across the stall instead of being against the wall. She then started taking off my shirt. I already wasn't wearing panties. She left my bra on and ripped out the lacy material leaving just wire and string pushing up my breasts. She removed my skirt as I just stood there like a doll. 

"Put your stomach on the bench," She commanded. I did so. My ass was stuck up in the air and my tits were pushed out in front of me. The bench was awkwardly wide and tall. My knees couldn't reach the floor while I was on my stomach and the bench was too wide to let my breasts dangle.

The witch tied my wrists together and then my legs apart. She tied my knees to my wrists with two separate lengths of rope. She walked around me and smiled approvingly.

"Now, girlie, you will not refuse anything from anyone who comes in here understood?" She asked. 

"Yes," I said. There was no point to struggling against it. I waited for a little bit when the door opened. I heard talking. I sounded like a group of college guys. Then all the noises stopped behind me.

"Are you ok, Miss?" Someone asked. I nodded too embarrassed to say anything. They came into the stall which was very much crowded. The two in front of me were in nothing but swimming trunks and there cocks were already tugging against the wet fabric. 

"I am here for your pleasure," I managed to say. A rough hand rubbed my ass close to my holes. I moaned softly in response.

The boys in front were pulling down their shorts revealing their hard cocks. Someone's hot breath hit my ass as hands spread my cheeks. 

One of the boys in front of me wasted no time in pushing his hard cock against my lips. I pushed my tongue against it. I looked up at him and sucked on the head. The second one in front of me moved to my side and pushed his cock against my tits. I felt another cock against my pussy. I moaned before the first guys cock slammed down my throat. I gagged when a cock slid into my pussy. 

I was being fucking in my pussy and mouth and it wasn't gentle. Then, the man in my mouth came and sprayed it all over my face. I licked some of my lips and tasted it. The third guy rubbed his cock across my cum covered cheek. Just then the boy in my pussy exploded with cum. I moaned loudly and the guy in front of me took the opportunity to push his dick into my mouth. As the other two left this guy got back behind me and without warning shoved into my ass. I moaned again. He was going so hard I was concerned he'd rip me open. Since he had jacked off waiting it wasn't long before he filled my ass with cum and left.