 SATURDAY

Somehow I ended up in my own bed after what happened in the park. I hopped in the shower and let the water run over my body and remove the grime. It was still so weird having tits. These one had nipples that were almost perpetually hard. Even now in the hot shower they were half hard.

I sighed and finished my shower. The women in the mirror looking back at me would have been my deepest fantasy when I was a man but now it just annoyed me. I dried off and wandered back to my room and raided my dresser for something decent to wear since it was the weekend. I managed to find a pair of jeans and a polo shirt. Since my clothes had been supplied by the bitch witch the jean were almost busting at the seams but seemed to fit my waist well. The polo shirt barely came to the top of the jeans and had my new tits practically exposed from the buttons near the neck. I had forgotten to put on a bra but since bras lifted my chest out I just left it off so the shirt would fit somewhat decently. Thankfully, I found a pair of sneakers in the closet for me to wear. 

Fully dressed and comfortable for the first time in two days, I went into the kitchen. The usual post it note merely said, "Day off". I sighed a breath of relief. 

It was bright and sunny so I went out to my yard, the same yard the witch caught me in. I lay back in the grass and closed my eyes. The sun warmed my skin up and then seeped further into me. Before long I fell asleep. 

I don't know how long my nap lasted but when I woke up I heard someone right next to me breathing. I looked to my side and saw a man sitting cross-legged beside me. His chin rested on his palm with his elbow on his knee. He was in his late thirties with messy but trimmed black hair. He had stubble on his face that was threatening to become the beginning of a beard. His eyes were almost unnaturally blue. When he noticed I had woken up he smiled.

"Good morning sunshine," He said staring into my eyes. 

"Who are you?" I asked, sitting up. He leaned back planting his hand firmly in the grass behind him.

"Well, you sure are pretty," He said completely ignoring my inquiry and looking me up and down.

"How'd did you even get back here?" I asked. 

"Hm? Oh, I just followed the scent of my slut sister and there was you just laying here like sleeping beauty." He seemed a little bit creepier every time he opened his mouth. 

"Who's your sister?" I asked.

"Well, she did something to you," He said, "You smell like her magic." That's when it dawned on me. I suddenly felt very stupid. 

"The fucking witch is your sister!?" I said. He leaned forward again. 

"That would be her. Let's just see what she did here," He got onto his knees and was invading my personal space but I didn't move. He lifted his hand with two fingers pointing towards me, then he jabbed me in the forehead. 

"Ow," I said. I suddenly felt hot. He was lost in thought, While I felt sick. 

"That's interesting," He said to himself before getting up. He offered me a hand up Which I gladly accepted. My head was starting to hurt.

"What's going on," I asked him. I fell into him and he caught me. 

"I took her magic away," He said leading me back into the house, "She never was very good at protecting her spells."

He took me into the kitchen and sat me on the kitchen table. My stomach started cramping up. He started lifting my shirt up and I tried to swat him away but I was getting tired. He removed my shirt and then undid my shoes. I leaned forward holding my lower stomach. He laid me back and tried to pull my jeans down from the waist but failed. They were too tight. So, he pulled on the legs and got them off. He didn't bother with my panties. Instead he picked me up and took me into my bed. He covered me up and left. I curled into a ball and fell asleep again. 

When I woke up, for the third time today, it was getting dark in my room. I also felt really weird. I touched my chest and almost screamed. I still had tits but they were bigger than before. That asshole said he took her magic away. These were maybe an E cup now. I snaked my hand down my stomach which now seemed somehow flatter. Then about my belly button I felt it. A dick! I grabbed my crotch and immediately pulled away. I felt again. I still had a pussy but where the clit should be a dick sprung out already hard from sleep. I couldn't help but moan when my feminine fingers touched its base. I lifted the covers and saw my huge tits but that was it in the dark. I turned on my bedside lamp and saw it. It was thicker than average and reached up to the top of my belly button. Precum made my stomach glisten in the bedside lamp. 

I was a freak. I was a woman with a dick now. I touched it again and moaned louder. It was more sensitive than my old cock. I gently started stroking the shaft and moaned even louder. My other hand started rubbing my tit and squeezing my nipple. I rubbed the head against the back of my hand and felt a familiar sensation. I was about to cum. I stroked the shaft again when I came. I came hard too and even felt it rippling through my pussy. Without thinking I wiped some of my cum up with my finger and sucked it off.

"Having fun?" I heard him call from the doorway. I saw him leaning in the doorframe with his arms crossed and a slight smile on his face. At first I blushed but then I remembered the predicament I was in.

"What the fuck is this shit?" I yelled motioning towards my tits and dick.

"It isn't just like flipping a switch, you know. It'll take a bit to remove," He said coming into the room. I covered myself with the blanket.

"So, I'm stuck like a freak?" I asked feeling like I was going to cry. He sat on the bed.

"No, you're beautiful," He said lifting my chin and kissing my lips. I was too shocked to pull away. He didn't push his tongue in my mouth he just pressed his lips to mine. I blushed, and then he pulled away. 

"Why did you...?" I started to ask.

"I am doing you quite the favor changing you back, and it isn't free," He said looking away. I felt a little hurt.

"What do you want?" I asked.

"Nothing yet, but you owe me. I also have to keep my sister away from you," I felt a little relieved he wasn't as perverse as his sister. 

"I have to go to school though," I said. He hugged me. He was really warm.

"Then, I'll go to school, and pretend to be you're big brother," He smiled. 

"Aren't you a little old for that?" I asked. I was starting to get hard from him touching me even though it was innocent.

"They won't see me like this, I'll just have you see me this way and they can see some kid."

"What's your name?" I asked. I suddenly realized I never knew his sisters.

"Jim," He said and laid us back on the bed, cuddling. My cock was rock hard but I didn't say anything.

"I should get up, I've been sleeping all day," I said. He let go and I sat up. The stiffness in my cock wasn't going down. My nipples were painfully hard now. I wasn't even paying attention when the blanket fell off me. 

"I could help you with that if you'd like," He said looking at my stiff cock. I blushed but felt my pussy get wet from being looked at. I looked at him.

"I – I guess..." I said. He took off his shirt. He was pale but he was muscular. I felt both my cock and pussy twitch. His pants came off with his underwear and I gasped. His erect cock was bigger than mine was now. It was easily two and a half inches thick and three inches longer than mine. He grabbed my ridiculous tits and kissed both nipples making me moan. He pushed me down and his cock touched mine and I moaned even louder as he started to suck on one nipple and tug at the other. He started rubbing his cock against mine and my pussy ached for it. 

"Put – Put it in..." I told him. He stopped sucking and smiled at me. He put the head against my pussy but stopped.

"How badly do you want it?" He asked. I whimpered and tried to stroke my cock. He pulled my wrists away and pinned them down.

"Please," I begged.

"Please what?" He said and licked around one nipple.

"Please put your cock into my pussy!" I practically screamed. He slowly pushed the head in and I couldn't stop moaning and squirming from being stretched out by his enormous cock. He was panting over me from feeling my tightness. Then he suddenly pushed the rest into me. He slammed against the back wall of my pussy and that's when I came. My pussy tightened up around his cock squirting juices and my cock came as well. My cum sprayed both of us. He kissed me again but this time he pushed his tongue into my mouth. He started pulling out of and pushing into my pussy. My cock didn't even soften. 

I was in ecstasy. He kept hitting the back of my pussy and getting faster. Then he suddenly slowed down and started cumming. His hot seed filled my pussy. When he pulled out I was even more horny. I pushed him on his back as his cock started to soften and sucked the head. He moaned and started to harder again. He pushed me off and laid me on my stomach. It felt so weird with my huge tits squished against my chest and my cock rubbing on the sheets. He ran his cock from my cum soaked pussy to my ass and gently pushed. I moaned. He took that for a yes and started pushing into my ass. It hurt for a bit but then he was partly in and my ass was stretching to accommodate him. I moaned and finally he was halfway in. He started pulling out then shoved back in each time a little bit more went in until I could feel him in stomach. He was fucking me slowly now that he got all the way in but the sensation was driving me crazy. 

I started cumming all over the sheets and my stomach. Soon after Jim started filling my ass with his cum. He pulled out. We were both sexually spent so I curled back up and went to sleep.

SUNDAY

I woke up and Jim was gone. Then I heard the crashing in the kitchen. I got up and noticed that my body had changed even more. I still looked like a girl but now one that had just hit puberty. My tits were just nubs on my chest. I couldn't decide if this was a good thing or not. 

Grudgingly, I pulled on a robe and walked into the kitchen to investigate. There in the kitchen was Jim and his sister fighting with each other. I watched while they fought with each other yelling about the usual sibling stuff about favoritism. Apparently, they had already run out of decent argument material. 

The witch threw up her hands and stalked out the door into my garden before Jim noticed me. 

"She's letting me keep you," He smiled at me. 

"I see, should I be pleased or afraid?" I asked. I was starting to get a little bit more arrogant now that I was starting to turn back. Jim kind of frowned at me and shook his head.

"Maybe I like you as a girl, and I'll make the changes permanent!" He growled at me. I smirked.

"You're bluffing; it wouldn't piss your sister off if I stayed a girl." I really shouldn't have been as cocky but I was going to be a guy in a while anyway.

"Are you sure about that?" His hands were balling up into fists, "You have no idea who or what I am and you're gonna come out here all high and mighty after one night of sex? Well, I can do to you whatever I want and you have no choice but to obey me because I am the only one who can help you." 

I took a step back and watched him. He was really hot tempered and was getting more and more pissed with me. I'll admit I was being a dumb ass but not to him. 

He pushed his palm against my chest and pinned me against the wall. His eyes were dark and angry. The heat from his hand felt like it was going to burn into my skin. I felt limp and then my chest exploded. It was back to its original size. I felt like crying. 

Jim smirked at me and ran his finger down between my breasts and to what was still my cock and pussy. Now I really did want to cry. I was stuck with a freak with a futanari fetish as a master.