 The world that this story is set in is a strange one, no doubt about that. A land where sorcerers live amongst the people and vampires haunt the darkest parts of the world. Giants and barbarians roam the wilds and dragons soar across the skies. Some even say that gods live in a place high above earth, and that one day they will return, to return this world to nothingness. But not every part of this world is death and pain, for while danger exists, so does pleasure, because if there is one thing that this land has in abundance, it is sex.

*

Anikara was a petite elf, with the kind of face and body that made guys, and a lot of girls for that matter, look twice as she walked by. She was known as Ani to her friends, which meant that most people called her Anikara. She was also blonde, tall and very, very serious about her work. Which at the moment constituted talking to a middle aged waitress who worked in a tavern about a merchant in town who apparently knew how to use worms as an magical energy source.

"I just told you, I'm from the mages guild, and I need to know who the merchant is who uses worms as magical batteries," Anikara shouted over the horrible bard who had half of the packed tavern singing along with him.

"Oh, that story? Sorry to say, but that was started by Jory. He's the unofficial town fool, and he started that story on a bet that he couldn't sell an entire crate of worms," shouted back the tired looking brunette.

"Great, like I didn't need another dead end. If this keeps up I'll have to go back to the mages hall and talk to the elders again," replied Anikara, her usually calm face twisted into a snarl.

"Woah, take it easy, girl. Sounds like someone needs a visit to Denzik," she grinned, giving her a wink.

"Wait, who's Denzik?" inquired Anikara, her curiosity piqued. 

"You don't know who Denzik is? He's legendary. I know it sounds kind stupid but he's the greatest male prostitute alive. He's supposed to be able to please any woman. Literally any woman at all," the server said, as the bard was shut up by a tankard that was broken over the back of his head.

"He can't be that great. Besides, I don't have any interest in sex, I have a job to do," the slightly annoyed blonde replied, getting up to leave.

"Say what you want about him, but he is good, I know that for a fact. Plus, how many guys have a pleasure room with a giant glowing crystal in the middle of it?" 

With that, the waitress left a bunch of very happy drunks, an unconscious bard and one very curious mage in the main room of the tavern.

*

The next day, a very tall, very cheerful man was walking across the town square of that same village, which went by the misleading name of Glory Hill. He was in a very good mood, though not even he knew why exactly. Of course, anyone that saw him would have expected him to be in a good mood, he was walking around town with a very attractive, very wealthy looking blonde, who looked to be almost as happy as the man was.

Most people would expect her to be happy too, considering her partner. He was tall and a little bulky, with longish brown hair and a sharp, angular face. He wasn't quite as attractive as his partner and he didn't have the same air of sophistication as her, but he was certainly attractive in his own right.

The man was, naturally, the famous Denzik. Anikara had tracked him down earlier that morning and after convincing him that she desired his services, she had decided to tag along with him on a few errands and he was none the wiser about her true goals. So there they were, a rather large human in a dark green robe held in place by a copper pin and a graceful elf in a pair of blue tights and a darker blue top that resembled a corset.

Denzik was looking for a few bundles of rope first, so they headed for the carpenter, who lived and worked on the east side of the village. The carpenter turned out to be short, squat man who joked around with Denzik for half an hour before they got the rope that they were looking for. After that, they headed for apothecaries, where Denzik perused the shelves for even longer than he had spent at the carpenters. Finally, he selected three small jars of snake venom, crushed fish bones and a very strange green liquid.

They were finally leaving the magic shop with a handful of blue pearls and Anikara was just about ready to snap. After spending the whole morning searching town for this idiot, she had found him just down the street from the tavern she had stayed in and if she had to spend another day playing nice with another fraudster, she was going to lose it. The only reason she had stuck around this long was because she had to see this giant glowing crystal for herself. If it was real and she could research it, she would finally get her chance to make it as a professional mage.

Now, just as they were about to return to the wagon that Denzik claimed to call home, he noticed a dwarf selling a strange, pink metal out of the back of a cart on the edge the market. He walked up to him and just as he bent down to inspect the metal ingots, Anikara grabbed his shoulder and pulled him with her to an alley behind the town hall.

She raised her hand under his chin and snarled, "Now I have had it up to here with this farce. Now tell me, do you own a giant magi-crystal. Answer quickly."

To his credit, Denzik didn't even flinch. Instead he assessed her sudden change in attitude, before grinning and replying, "I was wondering how long it would take you to snap."

Anikaras response was to summon a ball of fire in the palm of the hand under Denziks chin.

"All right, all right, relax. Yes, I do own a giant magi-crystal. And before you ask, I'll happily show it to you. Also, yes, I do own it legally. I found it in an old temple in the north five years ago," he sighed, before turning around and heading off towards the edge of town.

Anikara was a little taken aback by his response to her threatening of him. However, she wasn't going to be calmed that easily, so she said, "Yeah, well if you're so calm about showing me, why waste my entire day looking for junk around town?"

"I wanted to see you lose your cool. I don't like people trying to trick me. Plus, I actually did need most of that stuff," Denzik shrugged as he wandered the down the street in the afternoon light.

Anikara didn't have a response to that, so she fumed as she followed the back of his green robe. Her own smart blue corset and tights shone in the golden light and the few people still walking the streets had their eyes glued to her remarkable figure. This annoyed her even more, considering she had chosen this outfit to allure the one man who hadn't taken any notice of it all day.

She had calmed herself a little as they reached Denziks wagon. It was more impressive than she expected; a frame made from redwood with a massive leather sheet for a roof that ended up being the size of a small house. As they entered the rear of the structure, she realised that the wagon was separated by a heavy curtain, so that it was effectively two rooms. The first was the one that they were in now; a small storage room, with a bench, several cupboards and dried foodstuffs hung from the ceiling. The second she could make out through a gap it the curtain; it was basically a huge bed, with a variety of outfits, sex toys and other, far more dubious looking items along the walls.

Denzik took off his robe, revealing a very tight tunic and some worn leather trousers. He sat on the far edge of the bench and indicated for Anikara to do the same. She sat next to him, suddenly very aware of how awkward things were.

"Okay, if things are like that, are you sure that you don't want my services?" grinned Denzik.

"For the last time, NO!" shouted Anikara, aware of the red rising in her cheeks. "I am a professional mage and I will not be seduced by a charleton like you!" A quiet part of her mind was wondering whether the colour came from her anger or something else.

"Being a professional is no reason not to enjoy yourself, but if you really want to rush things so much, we'll just go straight to the main event," he said as he stood up and reached for the curtain that halved his home.

Anikara scowled at herself as she found herself as she realised that her eyes were following his arm as the cloth of his shirt rippled over his toned body. He pulled the curtain aside, revealing a room that was far more tastefully decorated than the elf was willing to admit. The huge bed had black sheets and pillows with rich purple lace trims. A light pink light came from somewhere in the ceiling. Just as Anikara was about to demand that Denzik stop stalling, he pressed a section of the wall and the source of the pink light appeared.

Anikara actually gasped as it appeared. It was a huge, bright pink gemstone, clear as glass and surrounded by bands of a deep purple metal with blue pearls inlaid into the bands. The entire device emanated light, and its beauty was only marred by a crack that covered one half of the crystal.

"Pretty neat, huh?" said Denzik, raising one eyebrow as he glanced in the elfs direction.

"It's... acceptable," admitted Anikara, gathering her composure. She indicated to the metal bands, asking "Did you do this?"

"No, I just fixed it up. The crack seems to leak power, so I have to be really careful and keep extra pearls around, because they keep burning out. I'm pretty sure that it was originally a training simulator of some sort, but I changed a few things on it," he said, tracing a couple of very faint runes carved into the metal.

"So it actually creates a pocket universe? Like in the Fergund Theory? And what do you mean by changed a few things?" she remarked, reaching out to touch the surface of the glowing gem.

"Similar, yes. I can show you if you want. Just touch the gem near the circle over here," he replied, pointing at a circular symbol on the opposite side of the gem to the crack.

Anikara was a little suspicious of his lack of an answer to her third question, but her curiosity won in its battle against her nervousness. As she touched the crystal, her body flooded with warmth and she felt like her body was turning to liquid. When she opened her eyes, she was in a strange white room, empty of all furniture.

As she glanced down at her body, she flew into a rage, screaming, "What the hell is this!"

"No need to be mad, after all, this is what you want," she heard Denzik say from behind her.

She spun around, and almost passed out when she saw him. He was a little taller than she remembered him, with a slimmer body. He was also shirtless, with a swirling black tattoo across the left side of his body. In fact, all he wore was a pair of knee length black pants, which did nothing to hide the enormous bulge growing between his legs.

"What do you mean, "this is what you want"? All I want right now is to kick your ass!" she shouted back, aware of the damp patch growing between her own legs.

Before he answered, Denzik took his sweet time checking out Anikaras body. Her already skimpy corset had turned into a bizarre collection of blue silk straps that barely held her now large bust together. Her pants now stopped half way down her thighs, and were so tight against her brand new bubble butt that she was worried they might tear. To finish her majestic body, she wore a pair of elegant blue high heels and her hair was tied behind her head by a silver silk ribbon that looked more expensive than Denziks entire wagon.

"Well, the original virtual reality system was combat based. It read your mind and set up the most challenging fight it could to test you, based on your abilities, likes and dislikes. I changed it so that it read the part of the brain that handles sexual pleasure and desire. I've got to admit, this isn't quite what I expected; I thought you were more of a dominant type," he remarked, like everything that was happening was perfectly normal.

"Then this must be your fetish, you degenerate," said Anikara, her voice and legs shaking a little.

"Nope, this entire simulation is based off your brain alone. Now relax, if you really wanted out, we wouldn't still be here. Like I said, this is all you, so if wanted out the simulation would have shut off by now," sighed Denzik, as he started rubbing himself through his the soft black cloth of his pants.

That did it for Anikara; her brain seemed to shut off and she felt herself falling towards the floor. Denzik, being Denzik, was there just in time to catch her as she fell. As his long, deft fingers and hands pressed against her back, she sighed and felt shivers coursed through her body, aiming for the warm, fuzzy feeling growing between her legs. 

Denzik sat down and a bed much like the one in his wagon appeared behind him. As he made himself comfortable, he began to move his hands, massaging her back, moving up to her shoulders and finally her neck. He nuzzled her cheek, growling as his bulge continued to grow and press into the back of her thighs as they rested on his lap.

Finally, just as she felt like she was about to explode, Denzik lowered her gently onto the bed and began moving those glorious fingers to her breasts. He settled onto his knees on either side of Anikaras hips as one of her own hands slipped to her mound and began rubbing it through the thin, saturated cloth. As his fingers slipped under the silk ribbons and caressed her nipples, her whole body tightened and released, a wave a pleasure that had been building since she had first laid eyes on Denzik earlier that day culminating into one of the greatest feelings that Anikara had ever felt.

She realised that she was moaning and sighing, while her love juices continued to flow through her pants onto her fingers as they pressed against her clit. As her vision cleared, she saw Denzik had removed the collection of strings that passed for a top and was lightly sucking of her left nipple while his hands traced a path down to the spring that her opening had become. Instead of pulling down her pants and continuing the job she had started as she had hoped, he pulled her hand up to his mouth and began sucking her liquid from it, one finger at a time. 

As he finished, she held up her other hand to his chest and said, "Wait." as she rolled him over so that he was laying on his back next to her.

Glancing apprehensively at the enormous tool that threatened to burst free of his trousers at any time, Anikara grabbed those pants and freed the tool herself. It sprung free, the head at eye level with her, which put its total length at around ten inches, along with a width of well over two inches. Her eyes widened at the sight of the huge shaft before her and as she looked down, she realised that his balls were just as impressive.

"Scared?" asked Denzik, looking into her eyes.

The buxom elf answered by gripping his shaft with both hands and running her tongue across his head, collecting the precum that had begun to ooze from the tip. As her tongue and lips worked his swollen head, one hand rubbed his length and the other gently squeezed his balls, causing him to moan with pleasure. She leaned further forwards, her mouth stretching around his tool until the head popped into her mouth and she started flicking her tongue in circles, swallowing the precum that continued to leak from him.

As she felt him throb within the tight, warm confines of her mouth, she moved both of her hands back to his shaft and began rubbing faster and faster, while her tongue kneaded the pulsing spot beneath his head. All of a sudden, he let out a loud groan and gripped the black satin sheets as he shot his load into the back of Anikaras throat. She gagged, swallowing what she could and pulling the huge love stick from her aching jaws. She gripped him close to the base as his warm seed poured out, splashing across the fine features of her face and her perfect breasts.

"Gods, how long has it been? How long since I last felt like this?" She thought to herself as she swirled the rest of his semen around in her mouth and swallowed.

She grinned down at him, drunk on pleasure and cum. He raised himself and moved her so that they were in their original positions, with her on her back with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed and him standing between those glorious, shaking legs. He was still hard and he rubbed his length against her clit as it pressed against the now completely soaked cloth of her pants. He looked down at her questioningly.

"Do it," she growled, her body still recovering from one encounter with his engorged rod.

Needing no more excuse, he pulled down her tight pants and aimed his head, still slick with his seed and her saliva, at her opening. He moved forward, slowly stretching her and making her whole body twist with pleasure and pain. She gripped the sheets even harder than he had a few minutes earlier, while panting and crying out as he moved ever forwards, occasionally backing up a little so as not to hurt her too much. 

She screamed as she felt him press against her cervix, then she looked down at him as he pulled out a few inches, only to ram them back into her again. Again she screamed, her entire body filled with waves of pleasure that made her previous orgasm feel like a pin prick. She shook and spasmed as he pumped away at her, while he grunted and groaned with his own pleasure. She fell into a daze, only aware of the feel of him inside of her, their animalistic sounds of ecstasy and the sweet, sweet smell of their mixing sweat and cum.

He put his hands behind her back and pull her up against his muscular, tattooed chest and he spurted out a second load within her womb. For how long he held her there, she didn't know, but eventually they fell together onto the bed and he pulled himself free of her, letting his seed leak from her swollen pussy lips. They laid there for a few minutes, until in a flash of light they returned to the real world.

Anikara looked down at herself, noticing that she had leaked just as much here as she had in her simulation. Looking over at Denzik, she saw that he too had a damp patch on his pants. She sprawled onto the bed and looked up at him with a crazy smile on her face.

"And that is why I'm the best in the business. Also, that's the only free sample, so you'll need to pay from now on," he said as they both laughed into the dusk that now surrounded them.

End