 Early the next morning, as the golden rays of the sun began to shine through the windows of the homes in Glory Hill, Denzik was packing up his wagon and preparing to depart when Anikara walked around the corner of the tavern she had stayed at. She was dressed far more modestly today, wearing a pair of black leather boots, worn black pants and a thick coat made from a deep blue leather like material. Denzik was wearing the same outfit as the day before, only now his green cloak was held in place by a pin of black iron, with a small emerald in its centre. His short auburn hair was wild and spiky, unlike the slicked back appearance he had sported the day before.

"Trying to leave before I could join, are you?" Anikara said, trying to sound as dignified as possible and Denzik tightened the straps holding the roof of his wagon on.

"Not at all, I just wanted to be ready when you got here. You're a bit earlier than I expected." replied Denzik while he moved to the front of the wagon and began securing a gigantic bridle, made from the rope he had bought the day before.

"What on earth are you going to do with that, pull the wagon yourself?" She asked as she walked up to him and gave him a small pouch, "And this is for... last night."

"Thank you very much, madam," Denzik said, accepting the pouch and checking its contents. "This is a bit more than what three sessions are worth, isn't it?"

"Think of it as a tip then. Also, I want to ask you something," she began, until Denzik cut her off.

"Let me guess, you want me to take you with me, so that you can experiment with that giant crystal and you can write a paper on it? So you can finally gain the recognition of the council of elders in the mages guild?" he said as he crossed his arms and waited a few minutes for a response. When he got none, he continued, "I don't much like the mages guild, but I don't have any problem with you tagging along. I'll even let you study the gem, but I'll need some kind of deal with you for that to happen. It isn't cheap to use, as you well know."

"I do, that was all the money I had. Ok, what do want from me?" she sighed, knowing that she wouldn't like the answer.

"Nothing much, I just want your help with my work. Before you start shouting, I won't force you into anything you aren't up for. I mostly just need your help with day to day stuff; errands, repair work and keeping my magical devices running. And if you want to, you can help out with the sex as well," he explained and with that he held out his hand for her to shake.

Anikara assessed his offer for a few moment, before taking his hand and shaking it, her pale, smooth skin contrasting with his strong, rugged palm.

"Now that that's settled, let's get going!" Exclaimed Denzik, before bringing his fingers to his mouth and letting out a piercing whistle.

Before Anikara could ask what was happening, a deep rumble came from outside of town. Another rumble followed, forming a beat that shook the very ground. Anikara looked in the direction that the noise was coming from and her jaw dropped. A beast so huge, so massive that it dwarfed most of the houses in the village thundered across the wooded plains that surrounded the village. As it came up alongside them, she saw that it wasn't quite as massive as it first appeared, but it was still huge nonetheless. Three meters, she estimated its shoulders reached. It had a massive head that jutted forward from between its shoulders, with a single enormous horn reaching upwards from above its nose and two small, black eyes that shone with a surprising intelligence. The beast had a small tail and a thick brown coat that was mottled with battle scars.

The monster let out a roar as gargantuan as its body and lumbered over to Denzik, who smiled at the beast and stepped forward to give it a bear hug around its neck. It grunted and rubbed its nose against Denzik's chest, who rubbed the fur between its eyes. Suddenly, the beast seemed to notice Anikara and it walked over to her, snorting as it did so. It looked her in the eyes for a few seconds, before facing her and licking her arm.

"It looks like Nirak likes you!" laughed Denzik as Anikara tried to fend of the huge head that was rubbing against her.

*

A little over half a day later, they were sitting on a bench at the front of the wagon that Denzik called home as it rolled along a road that lead towards a mountain range to the west of Glory Hill. The front of the vehicle was similar to that of any other cart or wagon, only much larger, with a collection of bags, sacks and chests sitting behind the wooden bench with a red leather cover that they rested on. Anikara was just waking up from a short nap and was staring at the ragged brown fur on Niraks back. She looked over at Denzik, who was looking over a very worn map.

"So where are we off to now?" Anikara mumbled, rubbing her eyes.

"That's what I'm trying to work out. There's a fork in the road up ahead; if we turn left we can go to an orc village called Arhinarg, if we turn right we can head towards the dwarven town of Copper Cliff," he said, not taking his eyes off the map.

"I've never been to either of those places. Which one do you want to go to?" she asked him.

"Well, I've never been to Arhinarg, but I've always gotten along well with the orcs. They love fighting, partying and fucking, so I always do good business at their villages. But I also have some friends in Copper Cliff. Plus if we go that way, we can go through the Dawn Pass to Fort Bloodstone," he mused, before exclaiming, "That decides it then, we're going right."

"Wait, isn't Bloodstone a demon fort?" asked Anikara, as if he had said that they walk straight into hell.

"Of course, but the demons there are nice. I met with the Lady that runs the fort a few years ago and we've been close friends ever since, but I haven't seen her in almost a year now," Denzik replied, sounding a little whimsical.

"Since that's decided, we can start talking about the crystal," said Anikara in a very professional tone, as she pulled a leather bound book out of her coat. She opened it and pulled out a quill pen, asking, "You claimed that the crystal bases the world it creates on the sexual desires of the person connected to the gemstone?"

"Pretty much, yes. But other things can play a part, too. Their mood, for instance. You have to understand, the gemstone only uses sexual desire as the foundation for the world it creates. It actually examines every single aspect of your mind, even the parts that not even you knew existed. So you can end up with some very unusual results," Denzik explained.

"Like how last night, I wasn't imagining the things that happened, but I wanted them to happen anyway?" Anikara asked, her newfound curiosity overriding her sense of shame.

"Yes. And now you've begun exploring your desires, you can start to change them to some extent," said Denzik.

"What do you mean, change? I thought that sexual desires were pretty much written in stone?" she replied.

"Oh, how little you know. I suppose change is the wrong word. It's more like, your fetishes get more specific and unique. Actually, that gives me an idea," he said in realisation, as he reached behind his back into a chest made from cedar wood bound with iron. He pulled out a very worn book, with a cover of white cloth stained with ink.

"Do I want to know what's written in that?" asked Anikara.

"Possibly not. It's a dictionary of sexual acts, terms and fantasies that I've collected over the years. Take a look and if there's anything that you find interesting, tell me later," with that, he handed her the book and turned Nirak's halter to direct him to the right of the turn that was approaching.

*

Much later, when the last of the sun's light was shining on the mountain that rose above the dwarven town of Copper Cliff, Anikara and Denzik were relaxing around a campfire five kilometers east of the mountain side. The firelight illuminated a small clearing a few hundred meters from the roadside, surrounded by oak and beech trees. Denzik had eaten his way through one and a half loaves of bread and at least half of a huge pot of soup he had made over the fire from beef, carrot, peas and a strange green spice that reminded Anikara of basil. Anikara herself had eaten a much smaller meal, but she had to admit that Denzik knew how to cook.

"So where's Nirak?" asked Anikara, glancing around at the green leaves and rough grey bark that bordered their camp.

"Around," replied Denzik as he finished the last of the soup. "He'll wander around and find his own food overnight, then come back when I call him tomorrow."

"How did you meet him anyway? I've never even heard of an animal like him," inquired Anikara as she stretched her arms above her head.

"It's a long story, but I met him five years ago when I was travelling across the Northern Plateau. I spent a few years living with some monks in the mountains west of there and I was just leaving when I ended up meeting a couple of nomads who told me about a monster that was destroying all of the villages in the area. So I went with them to meet a village chieftain and made a deal with him that if I killed the monster, they would give me a horse and cart to help me get across the wastes. They also tried to convince me to marry the chieftains third daughter, but I said that that wouldn't be necessary."

"So I tracked this huge monster across the ice fields until I found the cave that it lived in. I fought it for over six hours, until both me and Nirak were lying half dead in the now collapsed cave. So I looked at him and asked him why he had been killing the people in the villages. While I had lived with the monks, they had taught me a lot about understanding animals and I knew that there was more to Nirak than a senseless monster. He got up and picked me up with his mouth, then carried me around to a valley behind the cave. There were bones everywhere, and they clearly belonged to the same animal as Nirak."

"So he and I lived in that cave together for about a week while we recovered, then I took him to the chieftains village and left him just out of sight while I went to talk to the chieftain. I asked him why Nirak was trying to kill him and he said that he didn't know. So I grabbed him by the neck and asked him again, and this time he told me that he had gone hunting once and had killed the herd that Nirak led. So I called in Nirak and together we completely destroyed the village, then left the the chieftain with pretty much every bone in his body broken. We've been friends ever since."

"So you killed an entire village because you didn't like the chief?" asked Anikara, clearly shocked by the whole story.

"Kill? We didn't kill anyone, we just flattened the village. I also fucked the chieftains third daughter, who had apparently fallen in love with me. She left with us, but ended up joining a band of mercenaries soon after," shrugged Denzik, getting to his feet. He continued, "Anyway, did you look over the book I gave you?"

"Well, yes," she said sheepishly, her cheeks turning a deep crimson.

"And? Seriously, you've got nothing to worry about. I've done things that would make a succubus faint, so I'm not about to judge you for whatever you like," said Denzik as he unclipped his cloak, revealing the same leather breeches he had worn the day before, with a white cotton tunic.

"Well, I liked reading about cunninglingus. And fingering too. There are some others, but I'm still kind of nervous of them," she sighed, looking both scared and turned on by whatever she was imagining.

"In that case, we'll get started. Before we go to the crystal, I've found that it works best if you get turned on thinking about whatever you want to do first," he said, leaning against the side of the wagon. "So I'll start with a little sexy talk."

He looked her straight in the eye and licked his lips, saying in a low, husky voice, "You're already wet, aren't you? You've probably been wet all afternoon, just thinking of me lapping at your tight, wet cunt."

Anikara was a little shocked at his sudden change in attitude, but it turned her on nonetheless. He was right, she had been getting wetter and wetter all day, even before she had read his book, but after learning of all of the lewd and erotic things that he had done or at least seen before, she had been insatiable. It was all she could do to keep herself from blushing every time he looked at her. Now, after hearing him tell her what she wanted in that incredible, sexy voice of his, her crotch and the material that surrounded it was soaked by her juices and she reached down with one hand to rub her engorged mound with her fingertips. Her other hand slipped into her coat, where it caressed her stiff nipples.

After seeing all of the apprehension leave Anikaras body, Denzik smiled and continued, "Go ahead, get yourself nice and wet for me. I can't wait to push your legs apart and lick all of your cum up from your thighs and pussy. Then I'm going to slowly push your lips apart and push my tongue as deep as I can. I'm going to fuck you with my tongue and lick your clit until you cum and squirt all over my face."

His words had an obvious effect on Anikara, who was sighing with pleasure and rubbing herself harder and faster. She was just about to cum, when Denzik walked over to her and put his hand on her shoulder. She stopped masturbating, looked up at him and gave him a smile that showed all of her lust. Denzik smiled back at her and reaching down with his other hand, he picked her up from her chair and carried her to his wagon. She sighed as he pushed his way through the curtains to his pleasure room and laid her down on the black sheets. As soon as he lowered the beautiful gemstone, Anikara reached out and touched the spiral pattern as she had done the night before and once again, her body was enveloped by a warm flash of light.

The room she appeared in was more or less the same white empty box she remembered from the night before, only now Denzik's black and purple silk bed was already in place in the rooms centre. As Anikara looked down at her body, she saw that she was a little different from the night before. Now her breasts were smaller, though they were still larger than her real ones and they were held back by the thin white cotton cloth of a sleeveless shirt. While her breasts had shrunk, her thighs and ass were now much larger and covered by a very short, dark blue skirt. Under the skirt, she felt a tight thong pressing into her skin. Other than that, she looked the same as she did in the real world and she wore nothing else, letting her blonde hair tumble down over her shoulders.

In front of her stood Denzik, grinning with his hands on his hips. He alse looked similar to how he did the night before, the only differences being his tattoo now swirled down one arm as well as across his chest, his usually short brown hair was longer and the bulge in his grey trousers was noticeably smaller. Well, those were the only differences that Anikara noticed at first, until he stuck out his tongue, which reached the base of his neck and must have been at least four and a half inches long.

He strolled over to her, placed his hands on her waist and kissed her. While his now huge tongue battled against her own and forced it's way into her mouth, his hands found their way down to her buttocks. He gripped both cheeks and as he felt her gasp, his tongue pushed as far into her mouth as it could, completely filling it and almost entering her throat. Anikara felt herself start to gag, but held back, shocked at the pleasure of his tongue assaulting her own and his fingers digging into the soft, white flesh of her behind.

She felt the familiar warmth of an orgasm building, then felt like a lightning bolt hit her as one of Denzik's long fingers wiggled under her skirt, past her thong and into her arsehole. Her body clenched and she bit down on Denzik's tongue on instinct. He coughed and pulled out both his tongue and finger.

Realising what she had done, Anikara hastily apologised, but Denzik would have none of it and said, "No, it's my fault. I probably should have realised how you would react to that kind of stimulation."

"I did like it though," she smiled nervously.

"In that case, let's continue," said Denzik, grabbing handfuls of her ass and pulling her close to him. Realising what he was trying to do, she wrapped her arms around his neck and met his lips with her own. As she felt their skin touch and his tongue slip into her mouth once again, she raised one leg and found that she could wrap it around his body. His hands gripped her even harder and she lifted her other leg, hooking her feet together so that her cunt, only covered by a string, was pressing up against the throbbing mass of his cock inside his pants.

His finger found its way back to her rectum and pressed against the opening and this time Anikara moaned with pleasure as she felt his finger enter her. Her cunt shuddered as another finger entered her and together, the two digits began to stretch and pull at her entrance. He moved over to the bed and she let go of him, falling onto her back and sighing in contentment. His fingers had pulled free when she had collapsed onto the bed, so Denzik lowered himself onto his knees and ran his fingertips lightly down her dripping pussy to her puckered bud, still slightly open from his fingers last assault.

Wasting no time, he pushed his index finger into her opening, then his middle finger and finally his ring finger, stretching her anus and causing her to moan in pleasure and pain, her muscles gripping his digits as they pressed deeper inside her. His other hand moved to her positively saturated cunt, quickly slipping two fingers into her folds, while his thumb tickled her clit, which pointed skywards almost a full inch from her crotch. Anikara was shocked by his dexterity, but even more so by the waves of pleasure tearing their way through her body, causing her own hands to remove her thin shirt and begin teasing her rock hard nipples.

Suddenly, she felt his deft fingers leave her, the warmth they brought subsiding, only to be replaced by the even greater pleasure of his tongue sliding over her pussy, then flicking over her already overly sensitive clit. She gasped, her eyes shutting as she drank in and savoured the sweetness that came from his tongue snaking its way around her swollen mound. Piercing through this saccharine feeling was the sudden bolt of excitement that came with his tongue threading its way inside of her, tasting and exploring every nook and cranny that it brushed passed.

Overcome with passion, Anikaras legs moved with a mind of their own, wrapping around Denzik's head and forcing it forwards so that his face was squashed against her pubic bone. His probing tongue was unbothered by this, but as Anikara looked down into his eyes through the valley between her breasts, she saw something approaching alarm at her sudden display of dominance. In that moment, she felt something she had never felt before; raw, unbridled pleasure derived from the power she held over her lover.

Denzik was shocked, at least for a moment, but he was a professional, so he went straight back to stretching his already impressive tongue as deep into Anikara's sopping cunt as possible, while sucking down the juices which were practically pouring out of her. Anikara simply lay back, enjoying the throbbing warmth that came from the feeling of his tongue within her, disrupted occasionally by the jarring, but wonderful, jolts of pleasure that occurred when he moved his wonderful appendage from side to side within her pussy. This new feeling was different from the pressing fullness that his enormous cock had brought her the night before, but it was no less pleasurable and there was something about the dominance of her legs forcing his face against her soaking crotch that made the whole act even more erotic.
