 "Shit," you mutter to yourself as you sit crouched behind a slab of broken stone. A dull whistle rings in your ears as another spell races past overhead, before detonating with a bright white flash some distance behind you. You look to the side, taking note of the feminine forms of your teammates also crouched behind similar barriers.

"Shit, shit, shit," you curse again, your frustration at being pinned down in this position releasing itself through unladylike swearing. You peek your head up to take a brief glance, dropping after an instant to avoid the shower of magical projectiles shooting through the air your skull just occupied. Gritting your teeth in frustration you focus your magic, and summon a magical eye high up in the domed roof of the room. Closing your real eyes you focus on your magical eye, and peer down upon the battlefield.

A scene of devastation greets your eye, broken pillars and craters from numerous explosions pepper the floor, floating globes of light sending long shadows creeping along the ground, shadows that are banished each time a bright bolt of magical destructiveness races past. Two groups of girls are crouched at either end of the hall, one group in tight shirts of blue, the other in red. You spot your distinctive blue hair crouched among the blue-shirted girls, only five of your team remaining from the original twelve. You turn your gaze to the red team, noticing that their numbers are still in double figures, only having lost two girls so far. A green haired figure stands unconcerned at the back of the team, pointing and shouting orders.

"Alyssa" You mutter to yourself as you recognise the distinctive hair colour of your opposition's team captain. It was a tradition to colour your hair a bright colour when becoming a team captain, differentiating you from your subordinates.

A shrieking whistle and an explosion shakes you out of your musings, reminding you that the current situation is your team pinned down, against superior numbers and firepower. Losing this match would drop your team's rankings down again, probably resulting in another visit to the blues' lieutenant, a meeting that your arse still feels slightly sore from.

You are a girl currently going to the pentagon of all-girls schools collectively known as Academy. Starting in blue college (one of the five colleges) you trained in combat magic from an early age, slowly working your way up the ranks to become a team captain. You are now in the senior years, finally reaching the age of 18 that allows you to enter and lead a squad of 12 other girls in the intercollege competition you are currently fighting in. The different colleges pit 12 girls against each other in constant fights, each match having different objectives for success, to find the strongest college.

Your current match pits you against one of the strongest teams of reds. The objective is for your team to release a sealed 'demon' in the reds territory; however, the keyword for releasing the 'demon' is known only to those on the red team. This means you are going to need to capture one of the reds' girls, and interrogate them, all the while under enemy fire. So far the match hasn't gone so well: five of your team members having been taken out by a powerful group spell from the reds, and another two being taken down by the continuous volleys of fire.

You glance tentatively around the corner of the pile of rubble, spotting and identifying 3 girls of the other team. The only way for you to acquire the keyword is capturing one of the girls. You scan the faces of the opposition, and see that the closest girl to you, a stereotypical curvy blonde, seems a bit distant. With a small smile you decide that she will be your first target. You push your hands tight together, and begin to mutter the words of a summoning spell. The flashy, though weak, attacks of your comrades are distracting the enemy team, allowing you the time to complete the summoning. You throw your hands wide, a string of arcane symbols spreading between them, before coalescing and forming themselves into a humanoid form. A dark figure forms out of the air, its outline seeming to suck in all light, no features visible at all. With a gesture and a quietly whispered command you direct the creature to the girl.

With a flash the creature disappears, its form flickering and disappearing as it races across the shattered ground. You peer out around the rubble, watching with fingers crossed as the creature approaches its target, hoping that it will not be noticed by the absentminded girl. Luckily the flashy magic of your team draws all the enemies' attention, allowing your summon to advance unnoticed. Finally the girl notices the form rushing toward her, and spins slightly, letting loose a high pitched scream of surprise. The action is too late however, and the summon pounces on the girl, covering her in its dark form. You mutter the words of returning, and the demon disappears, and reappears next to you, dumping its victim before fading out for good.

You reach down and quickly bind the girl in magical shackles, stopping her movement, and sealing her magic. Turning slightly you magically raise the rubble, changing the shape of the pile until you can freely stand without being hit by errant magical blasts. You look back down at the red team's girl. Reaching down with one hand you grip her long blonde hair, and pull her head up to look at your face.

"What is the keyword, bitch?" you demand savagely, gripping her hair tightly.

"I'm not telling you! I don't care what you do to me, I won't tell you!" the blonde states in a slightly childish tone of voice. Her outburst over she closes her eyes tightly, and presses her lips firmly together.

"Well we will see about that," you retort.

Releasing the hair of the girl you take a step back, and once gain press your hands together, beginning the summoning ritual. You chant arcane words, and feel the energy rise within you. You push your hands out, palms facing down, as you finish the spell. Glowing symbols flow from your hands, forming themselves into a rounded form, with many thick limbs. The symbols begin to fade, and the girl on the floor can finally see what you have summoned.

A rounded body sits at the heart of many writhing tentacles, many thin tendrils waving in the air around five thick, ridged ones. These thick tentacles have hooded heads, looking like a perverse form of a man's penis. You reach out and grab one of these tentacles, your hand barely fitting round it, and begin to slowly stroke the hard organ, watching with fascination as a bead of white cum-like fluid forms at the tip of the head.

You look back toward the girl on the floor, her wide eyes and flushed face showing that she has guessed roughly what the purpose of this creature is.

"Do you know what this summon is called? Its name is Roper, and it was designed by some very naughty and frustrated girls a long, long time ago. Its entire purpose is to give pleasure unlike anything you have ever experienced... Are you still sure you don't want to tell me the keyword?"

"I will never tell you th..." The rest of the girl's sentence is cut off as tendrils wrap themselves around her, and lift her off the ground, making the girl squeak in surprise. More tendrils grip her arms and legs, pulling both wide open, and yet more worm themselves under the girl's tight shirt to play over her breasts, squeezing and teasing her nipples.

You watch with a smile on your face as the girl is slowly worked by the expert tentacles of the Roper. More tendrils wrap themselves around the girl's thighs, pulling them slowly open to reveal her small underwear. Her school issue miniskirt hikes itself up higher and higher as the girl's knees are spread wider, giving the summon full access to her barely covered pussy. More tendrils wrap themselves around the flimsy fabric, before ripping it to shreds, revealing her arousal, glistening wetness having spread all over her nether regions, her feminine holes exposed and on full display.

One of the larger tentacles slowly pushes its thick head toward her tight pussy, and just as it is about to touch her you reach out a hand and grip the tentacle tightly. Looking up toward the flustered girl you give her one last chance to cooperate.

"This is your last chance now slut, tell me the keyword, or I will let this big beast ravage you until you do."

No reply comes from the girl, only heavy pants and a few gasps as she responds to the stimulation of her breasts. You release your grip on the large tentacle and take a step back to watch the proceedings.

Released, the thick tentacle pushes its large head into the tight girl's pussy, her soft wet lips opening to accept the intruder. The tentacle continues to force its entire length into her, stretching her wide to accommodate its sheer girth. It continues to push deep into the girl, making her arch her back as she is penetrated. Pulling out slightly the tentacle begins to fuck itself in and out of her, making the girl whimper and moan as she is fucked.

A second tentacle begins to probe its bulbous head against her puckered little arsehole, pushing slowly inside of her, stretching her unbelievably tight walls out around itself. A loud gasp comes from the girl as she is filled by the two huge tentacles, tentacles that begin to mercilessly fuck her tight holes. She undulates her lithe body as the stimulation from the summon brings her quickly towards an orgasm, her holes beginning to contract around the large members. With a gesture you make the tentacles pull out of her body, and the tendrils stop their teasing. With a needy whimper the girl opens her eyes, her pupils dilated, her breathing ragged.

"Now, tell me the keyword; unless you want me to dismiss the demon, tell me what I want to know."

You see the girl struggle between loyalty for her team, and her mind-numbing arousal and need. The need wins out, and in a small voice she mutters the keyword to you. You smile, and gesture back at the roper to continue its work. The thick tentacles ram themselves back into the girl, and resume their merciless pounding. Another tentacle slips slowly into the girl's mouth, muffling her orgasmic cries, and another slips itself up her shirt to run itself between her large breasts.

The girl begins to thrust her hips down onto the tentacles beneath her, her body shaking in the beginnings of her orgasm. You gesture toward the Roper, letting it release its cum.

The tentacles buried inside the girl contract and spurt their huge loads of thick cum in and on her, shooting down her throat and over her face, filling up the valley between her breasts and soaking her shirt, flooding into her pussy and arse before oozing out of her to run down her shaking thighs. The sudden cum-filling pushes the girl over the edge of her own orgasm, and she begins to climax with body-shaking force. Her pussy and arse contract tightly around the intruders, each orgasmic spasm pushing out more and more of the cum filling her. You watch as the girl undulates and convulses, before walking forward and putting your hand on her sweat-covered and cummy body.

You send a strong pulse of magic through her, making her shield flare a bright red, showing that the force of the surge was strong enough to kill her if she was unprotected, and therefore knocking her out of the match. The girl disappears in a flash, recalled to her college, and you smile as you wonder how her team mates would take her orgasming, cum-covered and cum-filled body.

You dismiss the Roper and turn toward the enemy: you now have the keyword - all you need to do is get to the enemy side of the field.

With the keyword in mind you gesture for your teammates to stop their magical volley and move over to speak with you. You sit down behind the raised pile of rubble and wait for the last 4 girls to gather. Once they have all grouped around you, you tell them all the keyword and your plans for how to win the match.

"Okay, I now have the keyword; what we need to do is punch a hole through their lines and release the demon in the middle. I am going to sprint in first, the rest of you follow and cover my advance."

Nods and small sounds of understanding tell you the team is ready and prepared. You crawl to the edge of the rubble, and tenderly peak out. No magical bolts greet you, all the fire from the enemy team being focused on the rubble where your comrades where retaliating from not long ago. You pull your head back and turn toward your team.

"Okay, on my mark I want flash bangs over the red area - as soon as they go off, we start running."

You see the girls begin to prepare the spell, and you focus your mind to prepare your own one.

"Okay then, three, two, one, mark."

With the final word you throw out your mind, sending the small ball of energy soaring over to the reds side of the room, quickly joined by another four. You duck your head down behind the rubble, and close your eyes tightly.

A huge wave of light sears through your hands and eyelids, and a low, shuddering boom echoes through the air, the rubble before you protecting you enough so that you are not incapacitated by the overloading of your senses; the red team, however, will not be so fortunate. You quickly stand, and nod toward your teammates. With that you turn and sprint out of cover.

Focusing magic to increase your speed you race along the ground, swerving around piles of rubble and jumping over craters, you sense rather than see that your team is running to either side of you, their positions making a V shape that lets them spray magical projectiles out to keep the enemy pinned as you advance. Magical volleys slam into 3 of the reds reeling team members, sending a wash of red over their bodies and knocking them out of the match.

The red team begins to slowly recover from the magical flash bangs, and begin to counter with their own volleys of projectiles. Bright bolts shoot around in the air, and you drop close to the ground to try to avoid being hit. A red flash to one side tells you that one of your team has been hit, and two more flashes tell you that there are only two of your team left.

Looking ahead you can see the dully glowing summoning circle that is your goal, and there are no reds blocking your path. You focus magic into your legs, further increasing your speed, and race toward the target.

100 meters, light flashes around you as you sprint toward the circle, focused on nothing else.

80 meters, you jump over a small crater, soaring through the air, before landing and forcing your legs back into their mad race.

60 metres, a red flash and shockwave coming from behind you tells you that the last hope for winning this match is you.

40 metres, bolts start to flash past from behind you, peppering the ground between you and your target.

20 metres, the target is so close you can almost taste victory. A bolt hits you from behind, but is deflected by your shield, saving you from the red flash that would end the match. You throw yourself through the air toward the circle, the world seeming to move in slow motion as you glide gracefully toward the goal.

A sudden huge force slams down on your back, ramming you into the ground, stopping your movement dead. You struggle to move, the goal being only 5 paces away, victory just so very close. The immense force presses down on you, preventing you from moving even an inch.

You feel a surge and a click, recognising the distinctive feel of the magical restraints that block magic. You focus your mind, pushing to break through the hold of the sealing restraints, your anger giving you strength. A sudden force pulls your arms back behind you, and locks them in place like handcuffs.

Your concentration is broken by a sudden yank on your long hair, the force pinning you to the ground releasing, allowing the hand to pull you up. You look up into the green framed face of the reds' team captain, Alyssa, and a sinking feeling washes through your body.

"Well look what we have caught here. It's the blues team captain, isn't she sweet? Now then, I'm not going to finish this yet, first I'd like to pay you back for what you did to our friend earlier."

With that she releases your hair and steps back. Two of the other reds walk over to grip you tightly, and you can do nothing but watch as the red team leader reaches up under her skirt to pull off a small pair of black panties. She whispers a few words, and lifts her skirt up, revealing a massive cock.

"A nice spell isn't it? Gives me pleasure, so in that respect it's better than your Roper, wouldn't you agree?" She walks slowly toward you, stroking her cock up and down.

One of the girls holding you reaches down to pull your tight shirt up, letting your tits spring free, revealing you did not wear a bra today. Both girls begin to massage your tits, sending pleasurable shivers through your spine. The team captain stops in front of you, her big cock pushed right into your face. You turn your head away, only to have Alyssa grab your skull, turning you back round to face the throbbing cock before you. You close your mouth tightly, preventing the member from entering your mouth.

"Oh come on little slut, you know you want to suck on it. Open your mouth you whore."

The girl pokes her big cock at your tightly closed lips, seeking entry. The girls playing with your tits suddenly move up to tease your nipples, pinching slightly. This makes you gasp with surprise, opening your mouth just enough to provide the opening the girl was waiting for. With a thrust of her hips she pushes her cock deep into your mouth, muffling your protests.

She begins to slide her cock in and out of our wet, warm mouth, and with your hands cuffed behind your back, you can do nothing to resist her. She pushes her cock deep enough into your mouth to be uncomfortable, but not so deep that you gag. Each thrust fills your mouth with her warm, throbbing shaft, and you slowly feel yourself become turned on at this treatment. You blush with embarrassment at your body's response; shame at being so turned on from being dominated by the red team fills you.

You sense that Alyssa is coming close to her orgasm, her breathing becoming more ragged, her thrusts into your small mouth becoming rougher and deeper. You feel the big shaft begin to throb faster, and it seems to expand slightly, filling your mouth even further. With a moan the team captain finally climaxes.

A hot surge of salty wetness explodes into your mouth, running deep into your throat as you try to swallow the massive load. The cum starts to fill your mouth, and spills out, running from the corner of your mouth to drip down onto your breasts. The girl pulls her spasming cock out of your cum filled mouth, letting the last few spurts land on your tits. You swallow the rest of the load in your mouth as the girls sitting to either side of you rub the slippery cum all over your breasts.

The girls of the red team push you over, your cheek pressing down onto the cold floor, arse lifted up high, panting heavily as you anticipate what is about to come. Alyssa walks around behind you, and lifts up your little skirt, revealing your damp panties. She reaches out and pulls your underwear down, revealing your soaking pussy; the dominating of the red team's girl, and your own domination turning you on so much that the slippery juices coat not only your pussy, but up to your arse and down the inside of your thighs.

You moan into the ground as you feel one long finger begin to rub itself around your soft wet lips. The finger lightly parts the lips of your pussy, before pushing slowly into you. Your moan grows in length as you squirm from the penetration, feeling the supple finger push deeper and deeper into you, exploring your most intimate area. The finger is soon joined by a second, and together the intruders probe around the slick walls inside of you, making you whimper from the feeling.
