 Note from author: I was working on the second chapter to 'Dade' when I got the idea for this story. The idea came over me so much, that I decided to write the first chapter in this story before I finished 'Dade' (which should be done soon). Please leave your comments and suggestions.

Scene I: The Town of Emmert

The carriage rounded the bend that led up to the small town of Emmert, which was only a few leagues away from the the border to the Magi lands. A long trail of dust kicked up as the carriage slowly made its way into the center of the small village, stopping just in front of the only town inn. Meredith pulled back the curtains on the window of the carriage, sighing heavily, and then looking towards her sleeping Master. The two had been journeying for several weeks now since Eliza, her Master, decided to take the position of Ambassador to the Magi city of Tevrin. The two cities, although both Magi in descendant, had been having problems that neither wanted to further escalate. 

Eliza was taken into apprenticeship at a very young age, mainly because women magi develop at a younger age than males. Although most women magi ended up as field servants, or house maids, Eliza was different—she proved to be much stronger than the average male magi, and this is precisely what caused the ArchMage Esterme to train her personally. She finished her training only a few months prior to taking the Ambassador position, but was required to take on an apprentice before leaving the city. Eliza chose Meredith because she had just lost her original Master, whom was killed in a skirmish between a barbarian brigade, and because she was the only female mage that was currently enrolled in the academics. 

Meredith loathed being the apprentice of a female mage, even though she was Eliza's apprentice, whom was well known throughout all of the magic community. Eliza was only a few years older than her, and this caused some jealously to flow through Meredith. Any time Eliza gave her a task, she made sure to complete it to perfection, and even leaps and bounds past that. They had been playing games with the common folk through the past weeks of travel, and had fun at doing that. The main rule throughout the magic community was not to allow common folk to see magical powers, even though they knew that they existed, and these two skated the thin ice wearing clogs. 

Eliza stirred as the carriage stopped, raising her arms and let out a loud yawn. She moved the curtain from one of the windows looking around a little, giving a brief glance at Meredith, and opened the door to step out of the carriage. 'This girl has been cooked up too long, I need to give her something to do to keep up her interest' she though, looking around the small town. She settled her eyes on a young man shoeing a horse, and grinned.

"Meredith, come out here please, make haste.", Eliza called, watching the young man with close eyes. He seemed about Meredith's age, at least eighteen years, and was in great shape. 'This girl needs to learn a little big about charm.'

Meredith groaned as she stepped out, "Yes, Master? I have been in that coach for nearly three days straight and I expected to sleep..."

"Hush. You see that young man over there", she motioned towards the blacksmith shop, "The one shoeing the horse? Listen closely, this is what I want you to do.", Eliza breathed in deep for a second, and grinned. Meredith sighed. "I want you to put your charm on that young man, he seems your age, and bring him over to the pub over there.", she pointed down the street, "I will be getting some food and drink."

Meredith laughed, "Is that it? You really need to give me..."

"Did I say I was finished? Really Meredith, you must learn to wait to speak. Bring him to the pub, no magic, no charms, no incantations, and no skin." She grinned, "Touching, talking, and kissing is allowed." Meredith's eyes widened, "No magic, but Master..."

Eliza put her hand up, and began walking towards the pub up the street. Meredith sighed again, looking towards her mark, and taking him in closely. She guessed he was her age, maybe a year older at best, and he had to be an apprentice. She hated talking to the common folk, not because she was shy, but because she used to be one herself. She knows exactly how she was discriminated against when she was a common, and still feels the burn now that she is a magi. Eliza has helped some of that though, bringing credit to the woman in the business, but there was still some hate there. Meredith started walking towards him, watching as he finished shoeing the horse he was working on. 'Perfect timing, maybe I can invite him for some supper'

"Hello", she spoke quietly as she walked up to him, 'Wow, he really is something, the distance does not do him the justice.' Meredith looked at the horses he had finished, and realized this would probably be her way in. She smiled, "My companion and I just arrived on a coach from the western cities... we are looking for a horse or two for the ride south." She extended her hand, "I am Meredith."

The man looked up as she spoke, 'She is beautiful' he thought, extending his hand to shake hers. His head turned to survey the horses that he had penned, "Well, all of these would be good for a safe ride...", his thoughts trailed for a moment, he stared at her, "Why are you going south? Emmert is the only village before the magi borderline. Are you sure about those directions?"

Meredith cursed herself for a moment, "I meant southeast, oh my, that would have been a bad route now wouldn't it?", turning for a moment to look towards the pub. Eliza was ordering her supper at this moment, Meredith knew it, and she had to act fast. She looked back at him, "I'm sorry, I did not get your name."

The man hit his face, laughing a bit loud, "Forgive my manners, I am Gavin.", he looked at her again, taking in her full body. "Meredith, right? Well if you go to the general store you could purchase a map..."

"No, we do not need a map. Would you mind coming to the pub with me to talk further, I am a bit famished, and my companion would probably like to meet you." Meredith reached out and grabbed his hand, beginning to walk towards the pub, but he pulled back. 

"I am sorry Meredith, but I am bound here, I cannot leave without the consent of my Master.", the young man looked at her disappointed, for sure he would love to have supper with her. He cursed his situation, but reached down for his toolbox. "You go have a bite to eat, and come back after you have spoken with your friend. I will be here all night."

Meredith shook her head quickly, 'Damn, I am losing him, damn Eliza', she thought further, she was not going to lose this game simply because Eliza picked a young man who actually believed in hard work rather than sexual appeal, "But surely an apprentice has but a little time for..."

"I am not an apprentice. I am bound here. I am an slave to the Smithy that owns this shop", his voice was shallow, his eyes left hers as he started to turn away to pick up his tools. Gavin liked to avoid these situations, speaking about why he was there in the first place, and why he could not leave. All to many of these like situations have happened to him before, but this woman was beautiful, 'Four more years, just four more.' he thought to himself, 'Then I am free.'

Meredith's eyes narrowed, 'A slave at eighteen? How could that have happened? I do not think I will ever understand these common folk', she opened her mouth to speak when a loud whistle came from the entrance to the pub. She turned, expecting Eliza to be standing there smiling, waving her over, and letting her know that her time was up. But something else, a rather large man was hanging out of the door and looking their way, he whistled again, pointing directly at Gavin. The young man recognized him immediately and lifted his head.

"Gavin, you, get over here boy. Bring that lass with you, I am here with her Master right now", the man shouted, "Make haste now, don't keep me waiting boy", walking back into the pub with his glass of ale. Gavin and Meredith began a light jog towards the pub together, and they both entered the pub walking towards their Masters. Eliza was sitting at a table across from the large man, whom Meredith thought had to be the Smithy, she grinned up at Meredith and patted the seat next to her.

Gavin was the first to speak, he wanted to make his position clear, so he would not be in the wrong, "Master, I was simply being polite and dealing with business, they were interested in..."

"Quiet, Gavin, I spoke to Eliza here already.", he turned and looked at the young man, and then back at Eliza, who gave a slight smile. "She has bought the remaining four years on your contract", he took a sip from his mug, "You are released into her custody as of now." He turned slapped Gavin hard on the back, "Do you understand?"

Gavin winced in pain, but looked at these new strangers with a bit of curiosity. Why had they bought out his contract, and where exactly are they going? He nodded to the Smithy's question, and looked at Eliza whom stood up and shook the Smithy's hand. Without a word, Eliza walked out of the pub with Meredith and Gavin following close behind. He still did not understand exactly what was going on, but from his view as of right now, he was sure to be happy out of the Smithy's hands.

"We will leave tomorrow morning, the ride should not be long, I am sure of it.", Eliza spoke as they walked into the entrance of the inn. She paid for a single room, with one bed, and they began the ascent the staircase to the room. The two followed in as Eliza opened the door to the room, and threw her small bag against the wall. 

Gavin found a spot against the wall, and slid down to prop himself up against it. He found it best to never ask questions unless there was dire emergency, and it was not the time to ask questions yet. But he was sure that the morning would bring more answers, and all he wanted at this point was sleep—a well deserved sleep he thought—six years of well deserved sleep.

"What are you doing?", Eliza looked down at Gavin, her face perplexed a bit.

"Oh, sorry Master, I thought I could sleep here... I will sleep outside.", Gavin stood up quickly and made way for the door, but Eliza stepped in his way. Gavin swallowed hard, 'What did I do wrong?'

"Please, call me Eliza, I never liked the word Master.", Eliza said, and grinned at Meredith, who scowled. Eliza had made a point to Meredith a long time ago that she should be called Master, simply because it was out of respect of her authority, "The bed is for you Gavin."

"But, I don't understand...", his words were broke soon as he saw Meredith push her legs up off the ground and levitate into a sleeping position. She shuffled her weight, and ended up being satisfied on her side facing away from the two. Meredith did not like the idea of brining a common folk into the magi lands with them, and all the less, into the bedroom. 'They might get the wrong idea', she thought, 'I am the apprentice, not him, damn Eliza and her games!'

Eliza laughed, at both Gavin's gaping expression, and at Meredith, "I suppose we should have explained that all the more, but I suppose now it is quite evident", she did the same as Meredith, but decided up sleeping on her back, "I am a Mage, and she is my apprentice. You can take the bed—we leave at first light." She closed her eyes, and shifted only a slight bit, "Sleep well."

Gavin stood in front of the bed, and laid down with a hard flop. At the beginning of this day all he had to do was shoe a few horses, and make sure that the Smithy's shop was clean. Nowhere in his most wildest dreams did he expect to be sold to a female, and a mage at that! Her apprentice being a beauty in itself, but his new Master was only a few years older than himself. Even through her simple clothing, she looked great, and nobody could mistake that from her. He facial features were soft, she had a slender body with nice perky breasts, and a rear end to top it all off. 'I am sleeping in between two Magi females, who would have thought?'

Scene II: The Road to Tevrin

The next morning came quickly for Gavin, by the time he had awoken both of the women were already up and out of the room. He walked over to the basin, washing himself quickly, and moved out the door. He has not had such a good sleep in six long years, and he was truly appreciative Eliza's thought of getting him a bed. 'Sleeping on the floor does not do just, I could sleep in a bed for the rest of my years and never get old of it.'

"Ah ha, I told you, three minutes exactly.", Eliza snapped her fingers at Meredith as Gavin walked out of the door of the inn. Both women were leaning out of the carriage that they arrived in not but a day before, Eliza waved Gavin into the carriage, "We have food—bread and cheese—make haste, I wish to off soon."

Gavin stepped into the carriage and sat down next to Meredith, he grabbed a piece of bread and some cheese, eating it quite hungrily. Meredith was looking out the window as the carriage began to move, Eliza stared down Gavin for a few minutes before she broke the silence, "So how about we trade some questions Gavin, I know you must have quite a few. You are eighteen, correct?"

He nodded his head, "Yes, Master, I have just turned last moon."

"Please, once again, call me Eliza.", she took a bite from her bread, and looked at her apprentice. "Meredith is almost eighteen as well. She is a feisty one, you may want to be careful around her. She's had very little male intimacy."

Gavin's eyes widened as he looked at Meredith, who shot a look at Eliza, and turned her head back out of the window. He looked back at Eliza, "May I question why you bought my contract out, Mas...Eliza?"

"Sure. We are going to need a field hand, and instead of making Meredith all of do it, I wanted someone with a bit more muscle. I also felt a bit for your situation, I couldn't imagine how horrible being a slave was.", she spoke softly. Eliza did not want to get Gavin stirred up, even though he was a common folk, he could very easily be roused. But Eliza did not reveal her true intent for buying Gavin's contract out, and that was because she felt a magical presence in him. Even though the aura was small, barely visible, it might be able to be trimmed into something manageable. If he was any magi descendant, he most definitely should not be couped up slaving away with a hammer.

'She did not know the half of it', he thought to himself, 'I owe this woman anything she wishes of me, for four years, I suppose that can't be as bad as the Smithy' Gavin daydreamed of sexual escapades with both Eliza and Meredith, feeling their warm bodies against him, kissing their soft lips. His thoughts went further, bringing pleasure to both of them, watching them bring pleasure to each other. But his daydream was stopped short as Meredith broke the silence.

"Eliza, you cannot bring a common folk into the magi lands! What are you thinking? We are both going to be burned for this, and I have done nothing wrong!", Meredith almost screamed, she had been thinking about this for the whole night. "I do not understand you sometimes, and to think, you are representing our city as..."

Eliza reached out and struck Meredith rather hard across the head, "How many times have I told you? You are to call me Master!", she growled, leaning back in her seat and fixing her composure. She looked over at Gavin, who had pushed himself into the corner watching the two. 'The thought of two magi attacking each other inside this carriage has probably got this boy spooked!', she thought, and grinned at that. "Do not fret my apprentice, everything will be fine, and you shall not worry."

Meredith opened her mouth to reply, but Eliza uttered a series of words, and Meredith fell into a deep sleep. Gavin reached out and lifted Meredith's hand up, and letting it fall back onto the seat. He laughed, "Could I have ever used that, what a tool that would be.", he looked back at his Master, "Is she always that disrespectful? If I was ever like that I would not be here today."

Eliza smirked at his action, and nodded, "She is always like the such. I have gained her apprenticeship from a magi that has passed, and she does not seem to think I am worthy of teaching her. Quite a bitchy thing is she not?" She started speaking again before Gavin could reply, "But she is right, it was not right of me to bring you along, but I always liked to get the others to notice me. I am an Ambassador from another magi city, and they will cater to me.", Eliza nodded to herself, not really speaking to Gavin at all.

He thought it best not to ask anymore questions, this had been enough for him to laugh himself into oblivion, and the day had barely begun. He had wondered what their trip had been like before he joined, and assumed that similar circumstances had gone on. Gavin reached over Meredith's sleeping form and grabbed her food, and began eating it. Eliza just shook her head with a smile, sprawling out along the opposite seat and resting her eyes.

Two hours passed in what seemed like only a few minutes, and Gavin had drifted off into a light slumber when he was awoken by a loud crash. The carriage had been practically blown to pieces, and Gavin was now looking up from the ground at two Magi clad in similar gray garments. Eliza stood up, brushing the dust and dirt off her and stared down the two. Meredith stirred, finally waking up from the spell, and rubbed her eyes.

"What do you think you two are doing!", Eliza screamed, walking over to the two Magi guards whom had their staffs pointed at Gavin's midsection. Eliza pushed one back, and yelling loudly at him. "I am an Ambassador, and you have just committed an act of war! Do you understand what you've done, you fools, you idiots, why did you attack me?"

The guard stuttered for a few seconds, looking over at his companion, and then nodded to Gavin. "This man, this man is a common folk. We cannot allow him past us, this is the law of the land. " The second guard looked back down at Gavin, giving him a quick kick to the ribs when he attempted to shift away from the angle of the staff. Eliza gave the guard another push, 'These fools are scared out of their hides', she thought, and she began asking to signal their commander. Gavin stirred some more, he most definitely did not want to get between two women magi fighting, but now he was between Eliza and two guards. The magi guard had pushed the staff up towards his neck now, and Gavin being a little daring, had pushed it away. The guard looked down at him again, with dark scowling eyes, and began uttering a few words. Gavin heard the word, or at least, what he thought was, 'weaken', and he put his hands up across his midsection.

As the magi finished his incantation, a trail of purple flowed from the tip of his staff and hit Gavin in the midsection. But something unexpected happened, even though it was quick, a flash of bright purple traveled back up the staff and circulated through the Magi's body. The guard looked uneasy for a brief moment, dropping his staff at his side, and collapsing to the ground. Gavin attempted to prop himself up on his arms to get away, but felt something overcome him, and everything faded to black—he collapsed down where he was lying.

Eliza turned from where she was standing, her eyes widened in surprise, and she wondered what had just happened. Both were now on the ground, not moving, and she had caught the quick pulse of a Weaken spell, but almost immediately, another bright purple pulse hit the guard. She strode over towards Gavin, who was lying on the ground, and piles of sweat forming on his face. 

"You, get your commander down here now, your guard attacked my field hand.", Eliza leaned down and checked the boy, and then she looked up at Meredith, who was still recovering from her sleeping spell. "Meredith, girl, get over here and tend to Gavin. He was attacked, did you not see, they first attacked our carriage, and then they attacked our field hand. Poor boy. I hope he does not die. I would not want to see the look on the Head Magi's face when he hears about this.", she shook her head.
