 Authors note;

I have done my best to keep to what I have already established, however as I said last time... I decided on a slightly new direction so not everything gels perfectly.

I hope you enjoy it and I really hope people will accept that I'm not a science geek or even very good at Sci-Fi. 

My plan isn't complete and while I have an idea for an ending it will take a while, maybe another 20 or so chapters... maybe longer, I really don't know as I was only going to write two pages on this one 😊.

A big thankyou to Mike and 'the Toronto guy' for help and advice. Not that I followed it all, but it was invaluable in bringing you what you read here.

As always, please, please give feedback and comments, they all help and encourage me to do more and try harder.

Thanks for reading.

-

Felicity... 

A New Beginning Chapter 6.

The 'St Augustus'.... Fleet staging area.

Captain Jon Adams sighed as he climaxed inside Jenny. Her long blonde hair flicked over his chest as she gasped her own orgasm.

"Should I untie you now?" she said breathlessly as she recovered.

Jon nodded and grinned up at his PG. she was so willing and loving, he actually felt something for her.

"Yes Jenny, untie me and I'll give you a present." He said warmly.

Adams had wanted her to enjoy it, he liked her and treated her like she was his wife, she wasn't, but he had found her irresistible since the day she had been gifted to him.

After thirty years together she was practically part of him and she felt the same way, she loved him and wished things could be different as she dismounted and untied him.

He got up and gently slapped her bare bum as he picked up the small box that contained an expensive neckless.

"For you.... I want you to wear it at Rawlings presentation."

She smiled and turned around, lifting her hair to let him put it on her.

"Jon, you shouldn't have...... It's beautiful." She gushed as she looked at it.

The neckless was ruby red and set in gold, a small star featured behind the main ruby in the same way as those of a Valour Medal.

"It looks good on you, Jerry is an old friend and he will appreciate it.... Maybe after the ceremony we can share you." He said with a smile.

Jenny turned and brushed a lock of his sandy but greying hair from his face.

"Yes... that would be nice." She lied and sadly thought about the future, it wouldn't be long now, she had seen her orders.

**************

Janus Four......

Abigale Niles sat behind her shiny Plasglass desk. It floated at the perfect height for her as she tapped out a new formula onto the projected screen of her computer.

Her old habit of chewing her inner cheek in concentration made her left cheek pulse like a nervous tick as she worked on her latest ideas for an even more genetically enhanced hybrid.

She was sure she was close to getting it right. In her mind, it had been short-sighted fools who had dismissed her from the PG facility on E2. She had created some extraordinary Pleasure Girls there -- capable of fucking constantly, self-repairing at much faster rates and achieving slightly more intelligence.

The intelligence had been the problem -- too much and they became too self-aware -- not enough and they were little more than flesh to be used. Her superiors had not wanted to rock the boat.

Company policy was to keep the girls stupid. However, Abigale knew from the data that even the stupid ones eventually became more self-aware, and in the end, started to realise they were basically sex slaves.

In fact, much of Abigail's intelligence network was made up of dissatisfied PG's who thought she was offering freedom within the New Order on Janus Four.

In a way, she wished she was, these were her babies, her creations and while she used them to further her brothers ends and hers. She still felt for them.

Those few that had the potential to be so very human and then were treated like nothing were the ones she cried for. She hid it well, but inside it hurt and twisted her, making her vicious and able to act with a ruthless determination.

She rubbed her temples as she reread the formula and then pushed the simulation button. Within moments the program simulated what her new creation would look like.

A solid looking 3D image appeared of a tall, slim and very beautiful young woman. Totally nude, the girl looked athletic and strong. Abigale looked it over and let out a sigh of frustration. Her new creation was almost perfect, but scales ran over the sides of the girl's body in a vivid green -- her eyes yellow and slitted like a snake's.

Her brother walked in as she lifted the projections arm, the computer projection acted as if it was alive and she could physically interact with it.

"Very pretty Abby, but I doubt anyone would feel safe in bed with it." He chuckled.

Abigale didn't look at him as she pulled down the girl's jaw, opening her mouth to display razor like teeth behind pretty lips.

"It might work for the Gen-Four program." She mused, referring to Arthur Nile's desire for genetically altered troops.

"I want men -- strong, fast and obedient..... THAT." He waved his hand at the clearly reptilian girl. "Is nothing like what we need."

He grunted as he sat down and lit a large stim stick, "I've already told you, they have to look human, the people won't trust us if they think we have monsters as troops."

She shook her head and didn't bother to reply. She had explained it all to him. Men did not make good subjects. Inevitably, they went feral. No one truly knew why, despite countless attempts having been made to create enhanced soldiers.

That program had at least led to the PGs -- salvaging the research and turning it into something useful.

Abigale saved her results. Even with her failures, she kept all the data.

"Delete image." She said as she sat back into her chair.

The projection winked out of existence.

"Arthur, I can give you girls, fast, strong and obedient. Men don't work." She rubbed her temples again.

"It wasn't possible a hundred years ago, and the human genome hasn't changed in that time. The fact that the Janus four male DNA is significantly different to the females hasn't changed either. How they actually breed is something we still don't understand." She said as she thought about the species that had changed everything for her.

***

When the far explorers had first found Janus Four it had already been a habitable planet, with three continents and several islands. Rich in strange and new species of life that no one had ever seen before.

The first colonies had not found it easy to farm and gather specimens but new foods and several new medicines had been developed from those early discoveries and several scientific research groups had been sent out to the various islands and continents.

Unfortunately those groups had to regularly abandon their positions. The second moon drew close every few months and caused massive flooding over the lower Islands and one of the continents. Making it almost impossible to get consistent and regular data on them.

Settlers had to stay on the larger landmass and fishing fleets had to launch from inland ports, air sailing to the sea for safety, checking constantly for changes in the lunar cycle.

In the early years it had seemed that Janus Four was only suited to the hardiest of people until they discovered the underground caverns. Massive and beautiful, filled with glowing fauna and rich in life. They offered shelter and a real chance to populate the planets more difficult continents.

That was where a very young Abigale Niles had encountered the 'Niff-Ca', a semi intelligent reptilian race that seemed to have a tribal and matriarchal society.

The team that found them was deep underground and had been slightly lost, Abigale had twisted her ankle and had been wincing in pain as she hobbled along next to Dr Gavi Ramesish when a large lizard like creature had emerged from a side tunnel, its snout sniffing the air as it made a strange mewling sound..."ssssniiiiiffff? Niiiffff?" ... the sound seemed inquisitive and while they had been nervous at first, it had done nothing threatening.

Abigale had been twenty two at the time and full of curiosity, she felt the universe held secrets she needed to know and passionately pursued them.

Shaking with a mixture of fear and wonder, she had let the creature approach, it sniffed the air and flicked out it's long tongue as if tasting it. She knew from her studies that many reptiles actually DID taste the air.

Dr Gavi un-holstered the HG12 from his hip as slowly as he could as the large Reptile got closer.

"Abi, move back, nice and slow." He whispered nervously as he raised the hand gun that made a soft 'Verrrooommmffff' as it powered up.

"Wait, I... I don't think it's dangerous." She had hissed back quietly and urgently as the six foot three creature moved towards her, it's long legs moving almost daintily as its large yellow eyes rolled to focus on whoever was speaking.

She tried to think scientifically as she observed its approach, bipedal, reptilian, used its tail for balance and it's clawed feet adapted to the tunnels floor, the claws retracting and then snapping out as needed.

It's face was flatter than most reptiles and it bowed down as it got closer, exposing it's neck and snuffling as if asking something.

Dr Gavi stared at the action.

"That's a servile approach, it's exposing it's neck like it thinks you are its superior." He whispered in awe.

***

Her brother waved his hand in dismissal of her continued objections -- the same ones she always spouted.

"Abby, I saw the test on Shellan. Those boys were aggressive and uncontrollable, but sweet Jesus, they were magnificent. How hard can it really be? Are you seriously telling me that after forty years, you've made NO progress?"

She picked up his daily dose and walked over to him.

"THIS is progress." She said, as she injected him with the serum -- a mixture of her own design that worked far better than the anti-aging drugs the Holy Company used.

Well into his nineties, Niles looked about forty -- his eyes shone brightly with intelligence -- his mind still as sharp as ever.

"True Abby, true." He said, as he pulled her face to his and kissed her lips in a very unbrotherly way.

They broke apart as the door chimed, announcing someone was outside her lab.

"Come." She said, as she patted her hair into place and smoothed the front of her dress.

Colonel Kyle Motoshima stepped in, saluting smartly.

"General, the 'Jean-Paul' has joined the Holy Company's fleet, battle damaged but mainly whole." He coughed and then carried on, "With the 'Lilith' as a prize."

Niles grunted and sighed. He held his temper in check with uncharacteristic restraint.

"Rawlings. What a clever bastard. I would LOVE to know how the hell he beat three of our ships when we have been trashing anything else they send?" he asked, as he ground out his stim stick.

Motoshima shook his head. "Unclear at this time General, but he is ranked up there with Chen and the other great Captains. It has only been politics that has kept him from an Admiralty position or command of a Dreadnought."

Niles grunted again.

"Meet me in command and get me Admiral Ketterick. It's time we showed them our real teeth." His tone firm, his eyes glittering with excitement.

Abigale smiled. She swayed sexually as she walked. She took Niles' arm -- biting her lower lip in excitement.

"Finally. I thought you were going to wait forever." She said breathily, eager to see the death and destruction they had planned and prepared for years, while at the same time lamenting the sacrifice that would have to be made.

Long years of manipulation and careful recruiting had greased the wheels of her brother's promotions until he was a general. Sex, blackmail and favours had installed him here as Prefect of the farthest planet.

The Planet that few knew held the secret of a long life and that offered the chance to really change the strangle hold that the Holy Company had over every living being.

They walked slowly through the luxuriously decorated corridors of what was, in essence, a castle. Maids curtsied as they passed, PI troopers at every turn saluted smartly.

Janus Four -- it's only perceived wealth was water, much like old Earth.

It hadn't really been much of a prize unless you knew of the Niff-Ca and of the two moons that were full of minerals perfect for making ships.

It had been pure chance that she had been one of the few scientists to realise the wealth those moons held. It had been pure ruthlessness that had ensured she became the ONLY one after her brother had talked with her about his plans.

******

Holy Company's fleet, main staging area for the assault on Janus Four......

Admiral Jensen paced back and forth in his ready room. Captain Rawlings was a fucking hero right now and Jensen hated it.

He hadn't liked Rawlings as a fellow Cadet, and as soon as Jensen Sr had bought his son his position as an Admiral, Jensen had taken delight in halting Rawlings' career at every turn.

Time hadn't healed the way he felt about Rawlings, in fact it had deepened his hatred.

***

They had been cadets together and done most of their training on the same ships. Only one day, Rawlings had been on a small corsair protecting an insignificant cargo ship and that was when things had changed.

Two pirate vessels had attacked and in the first volley the Corsairs Captain and entire bridge crew had died.

The Pirates had moved in close, the Company Corsair was drifting and seemingly out of action. The prize cargo ship looked easy prey as they launched boarding shuttles.

Rawlings had taken command by default and using the auxiliary command centre returned fire with Hellcat torpedoes at point blank range as his ship drifted past the two pirates and their fast moving Cutter ships. One was destroyed completely and the Cutters blown apart, leaving only one badly damaged pirate ship.

Thinking fast, he ordered his four man Marine troop to make ready as he deliberately forced a hard lock on the last ship, it damaged both vessels but allowed his Marines to board through a hastily cut breach that was only partially sealed.

Three of the Marines had died as they took the fight to the well-armed pirates, a young private had survived, taken the bridge and then held it as Rawlings pulled a daring bluff, disengaging and raking the hull with his only Gatling gun.

"Surrender or die, I'm tired and can't be bothered with you or my last man. You have five seconds to throw down your arms or I'll just launch my last couple of Hellcats." He lied over a universal channel broadcast. The readout clearly told him he had nothing left to fire other than Gatling rounds, and those wouldn't do much to the well armoured Pirate ship.

The Pirates had surrendered to his remaining Marine, Private Hank Choi made his first Prize money that day and Rawlings became the youngest Cadet to receive the Valour Medal.

Jensen had been livid with jealousy, to him it was as if Rawlings had been lucky and the fact that Jensen had deliberately switched places with Rawlings to be on a dreadnought that week only made things worse. To Jensen it was as if fate and not daring skill had made a hero out of his classmate.

***

As Jensen had raced ahead in rank and power, he had still nursed his loathing for Rawlings, with his father's help and an admiralty position younger than he should have had, he had managed to throw numerous obstacles in Rawlings way.

Unfortunately, Rawlings was good, very good and there had been no stopping his advance to a Captains chair. However, with many friends in senior positions, it hadn't been too hard to keep the bastard on the ageing 'Jean-Paul', throwing every bad apple his way when he needed replacements.

Jensen glared at yet another Valour medal he was going to present to Rawlings.

"Fucker." He growled out.

More than a little jealous, of his former classmate. He picked it up and snapped shut the presentation box it was in, slipping the offensive thing into his pocket as he turned to leave his ready room.

The Admiral strode along the wide well-lit corridors of his massive dreadnought as he pondered how he might be able to stick it to Rawlings in some way. He had been thinking similar thoughts ever since the arrival of the 'Jean-Paul' the day before.

Jensen was obliged to buy the 'Lilith' from Rawlings as it was him and his crew's prize, captured in battle, the Holy Company had always had the policy that such vessels belonged to the captain and crew that took them.

The old rule still applied, even though no one had needed it in well over twenty years, space piracy had been defeated long ago and until now, there had been no battles involving boarding parties for a long time.

It was another thing that rankled as even though the prize money was traditionally split between the boarding party and their Captain, it would still make Rawlings fabulously wealthy since he would get most of it. A destroyer wasn't some small pirate ship.

Jensen paused for a second as he saw a Hornet zip past the port hole on his left.

He knew that Rawlings had lost most of his Hornets and that out of the captured ones, six belonged to the 'Lilith'. A small smile formed on the side of his face as he pondered that small fact.

He could easily demand that those fighters be returned to the 'Lilith'.... Once he had the papers signed that is. Leaving Rawlings short of Hornets was a good start, especially if Jensen put the 'Jean-Paul' in the heat of battles to come.

Feeling a bit better about things, he continued on his way to the dreadnoughts large chapel where Rawlings and his honour guard would be waiting along with other Captains for the presentation.

It wasn't long before Jensen walked into the chapel and smiled warmly at the assembly, he was well liked and most greeted him just as pleasantly after the usual respectful salutes were done.

He had spent years as a captain working up to this, carefully shaping the persona he displayed, making friends he felt nothing for and with an eye on a chair within the Company itself, currying favour with those most influential.

Jensen didn't just play at that though, he was wise enough to know that those under him talked and could influence things, so he had always been sure to be kind, generous and display genuine seeming care for everyone, even Rawlings didn't know the depth of his hatred and thought Jensen was a good and honest man.

Rawlings, Chen, Delacroix, Adams and Walker stood together, they were the most experienced Captains in the fleet and had all received numerous medals and citations over the years for bravery and excellence.

Out of them all, only Rawlings was still in command of one of the older ships, the rest commanded the newer style vessels with larger crews and full Marine battalions.

It was Chen's report that had swayed things in Rawlings favour regarding General Hawking and had made it possible for them to commandeer a portion of his PI troopers.

"I think I have this one." Whispered Rebecca Chen out of the side of her mouth, referring to the Medal that was about to be presented, as they watched Jensen walk up the aisle towards them, taking his time and shaking hands, stopping frequently to talk with various Captains and even a few Marines.

"Everyone has this one." Said Walker with a laugh, not so quiet as Chen. He was a big barrel-chested man with an easy smile, it was easy to forget he had nearly fifty years under his belt as a Captain and had once fought at Cassias five. As pretty much the oldest Captain in the whole fleet he could have slapped Jensen across the face and got away with it, his towering reputation and secure friendships with half of the Holy Company's Directorship made him practically untouchable.
