  All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older. The following story contains 0% of your daily recommended dose of potassium. It also contains magic, all three of a young humiliated and embarrassed woman's holes, and a very bold banana. Please read responsibly.

*****

Alice, like many young girls, had cried when she didn't get her letter to a magical school when she became a teen. Little did she know that magical training actually begins at age 18! Things were different from fiction of course, there were actual classes on actual subjects, everyone wore normal clothes unless in a spell casting class, and magic actually took a lot of practice to master. 

There was more of course, but she couldn't remember all the rules real well, and she only just started. Apparently magic was a thing in your blood, and she was just barely magical enough to get here. That meant she was a "challenged" student. She had already been bad at normal subjects, and now she was told that she was supernaturally bad too. Something made awful sense about that; she'd never been able to concentrate on anything. It certainly didn't make her feel very enthusiastic to learn.

"Alice!" The teacher was an old Russian woman in her fifties, and her screech shook her from her dreaming. "Why is your banana not moving?" Alice had not been paying attention. The boy to her left had been telling a not so interesting story in a very attractive way and she was imagining doing something far more interesting with him. 

"Um, it's too hard." She looked away.

"The Vermilion spell is a simple one. Even you should be able to accomplish it." She heard a chuckle from her right. Melina Joslyn was a star student, and had taken a liking to watching Alice fail. Alice took a deep breath to calm down. "Just concentrate on what you want the banana to do. Make it peel it's self, then cast the spell with your wand." She tried again.

"It doesn't feel like anything is happening." Alice sighed.

"Keep trying." The woman continued observing other students. 

Alice kept trying, and kept failing. There was something she was missing...

"Hey." She turned to see Melina. Alice scoffed. "Let me help," Melina was a Nordic beauty, her hair the color of sunlit ice and her blue eyes as deep as the arctic ocean. It was hard not to hate a woman so blessed in every way. Alice herself was Irish decent, still had acne, and her brown hair and eyes were all too normal.

Melina took a hand and touched Alice's wand. Her hand was soft, pale, and gentle. Alice took another deep breath; being this close to someone caused her to feel, well, anxious. However, it was anxious in a hot way. She wasn't even attracted to Melina, just being touched by anyone was very distracting. It had always been a problem for her since puberty, but Melina did seem to set it off more than others. "Hold it like this, and think of what you want it to do, okay? If you don't care, neither will it. You need to need it to move, understand? You have to feel it." When Melina left her she felt suddenly lonely, and empty. She gulped.

"Okay." What she really needed was a good fuck right now. If only she wasn't so awkwardly around people, it wasn't like she was unattractive. She took a deep breath and imagined being hungry. Very hungry. The banana was going to feed her because she had to eat, and she had to eat now! She cast the spell, "Vermilion!"

The Banana shot into her mouth at high speed and thrust her back and out of her chair. Melina held her stomach and laughed out loud, so did many of the students. "MMPH!" She struggled against the hard fruit invading her mouth. She saw the attractive boy to her side watching and chuckling himself. She was so embarrassed. 

"Just cast the spell again once your relaxed." Melina said between her laughs. How could she relax? She was getting skull fucked by a banana! Just thinking about that was making her heart beat faster. She had tried so hard to concentrate before, but now she was getting unreasonably horny. She was going to have to skip her next class for some alone time or she would go crazy before the end of the day. 

She pointed to the Banana and mumbled, "VERMPHIMFAM!" It flew out of her mouth and she gasped for air. What a relief, she actually did it. 

And then she gasped in surprise as it flew under her cloak and pressed against her underwear. "Shit!" She tried to crawl away but the banana wormed it's way past her panties and thrust inside her dripping wetness. "AHH!" She moaned as it entered her. "Fuck! Help!" it went in deep and strong.

"Language Ms. Black!" She heard the Russian woman rush over and stare in surprise. 

"M-Miss Teacher..." Melina was having a hard time standing up from her laughter. She pointed at Alice and tried to stifle her giggles, "I think it's fucking her!"

The entire class began to form a circle around her. "Make it stop!" Alice cried out, it pounded in and out of her pussy, it shouldn't have felt as good as it did, but it was pounding her into the floor with vigor and intent. She tried to grab at it but the dress blocked her vision, and it would dodge her attempts. She even managed to grab it once, but she wasn't strong enough, and it simply made it look like she was fucking herself on purpose!

"W-We can't," The teacher also chuckled and scratched her head. "It's your spell, you have to stop it. If we try to combat it, it might get worse." She shrugged. "Though, we can try if we get a good look at it."

Alice covered her mouth to keep from moaning. She had to try. She pulled up her dress and spread her legs to show and see the spectacle herself. Her juices were all over the fruit and the floor. It was fucking her deep and strong. Her hips reflexively humped against it in the air. "Get it!" She gasped. The Woman pointed and said a phrase... but nothing happened. "S-S-S-Stop i-i-i-t!" Her words slurred with each pound.

"Wow, this is actually a very strong spell," The teacher couldn't help from cracking a smile, "You must have really needed this." She broke out laughing, as did the rest of the class. This was insane. "You have to be the one to stop it." 

Melina was still laughing as well. "Oh wow, new girl, even the teacher can't break the spell. You must be," She covered her mouth, laughing before she could finish, she finished in a high pitch, "A prodigy."

"Oh, Oh no!" She could feel it coming. She had to stop it now. She pointed her wand down at the yellow piston of potassium. She was so close. Half of her wanted to keep going, despite the humiliation. But she willed her hand and mouth to act. "Ver-Ver-Vermillion!" it left her pussy, but then immediately wormed it's slick knob way into her ass. "Fuck!" It was larger than her finger, but it only forced it's way to cause minor pain. "No!" 

Melina lost her footing and fell to the ground in laughter. The cute boy was hysterical, as was most of the class. She tried to stop it with her hand, but it was so slick with her own juices that she had no chance. All she did was brush her pussy and brought herself closer to succumbing to it. She turned her body to face the ground and tried to cover her pussy. The animated fruit pushed her ass up into the air and she could not resist humping her hands in front of the class for the last ten seconds or so. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" She lost all shame and moaned against the floor.

She came in waves, shivering down from each thrust. The yellow member was a more insightful lover than even her hands could have been and she found herself cooing in pleasure before the phallus finally stopped moving. She'd never been fucked that hard in her life. 

It wasn't until she heard the teacher clear her throat that she remembered where she was. She stood up, her legs shaking, and brushed her dress down, straitening her panties. The class continued to stare at her, and the wet, limp banana on the floor in silence.

"Well, now that you have had your fill and showed us a high level spell, lets see if you can peel it." The teacher continued. The class erupted into laughter again and Alice hid her face. What a way to start the year.