 This story will contain elements of non-consent, BDSM, fantasy/sci-fi anal/oral and forced sexual activity. If this is not your thing, then feel free to move on to another story. Enjoy. Feedback is appreciated.

*

Damian awoke to a knock at the door. At some point during the night Alasara had rolled over and thrown her arm over him. He untangled himself gently and got out of the bed, opening the door. It was the Innkeeper with a large platter of breakfast, and a pitcher of milk.

"Thank you Goodman." Damian said, inclining his head to the Innkeeper.

"No problem M'lord. Enjoy your breakfast." The innkeeper said and then turned, heading back down the stairs to tend to any morning custom that might be waiting. The tray was laden with several slices of fried ham, a large bowl of oatmeal, and a small, warm loaf of heavy black bread, with a couple of small pots with butter, jam and syrup. He placed the platter of food on the table and went over to the bed, gently shaking Alasara awake.

"Breakfast is here. Come and eat. We have a busy day ahead of us girl." He went and sat down at the table, tearing the loaf of bread in half. He used the provided knife and fork and cut up the slice of ham, and buttered the bread. She slowly sat up, shook her head as if she was unsure of where she was and looked around. Her eyes focused on Damian and a small frown appeared on her face.

"I didn't dream last night..." She said in a small hesitant voice.

Damian looked at her curiously. "And that is unusual?"

"I've had nightmares every night since my parents were killed, sir. I am usually a very violent sleeper. I've woken with bruises on my arms and legs many times from thrashing about in my sleep." She swung her legs out of the bed, and groggily moved over towards the table.

"Well, I'm glad you slept well Alasara. Speaking of bruises, stand before me." He gestured. She walked over and stood where he indicated, next to the table. "Place your hands on the table and lean all the way over please."

She did as he asked and she raised the back of her shift, exposing her ass. He gently ran his hands over her ass cheeks and she winced slightly a couple of times, as his hands hit a sensitive spot. 

"No bruising with just a bit of tenderness." He commented. She blushed slightly as his hand dipped between her legs, glancing against the lips of her pussy. His hand lingered for a moment, and her knees started to shake, almost giving out. A slight smile came to Damian's face. He gave her a light slap on her ass and motioned for her to sit in the other chair. "Now eat girl. I know you're hungry, and frankly you are going to need your energy. We've a busy day ahead of us. To start with, we need to get you reasonably outfitted to accompany me on our travels, which means riding leathers, and some decent clothing for wearing when we're in town. Oh, and a pair of good, leather boots to ride in."

They sat and ate their breakfast in silence, the two of them making quick work of the large platter of food. Alasara ate as much as Damian did, and he watched her with a small smile. She finished a large cupful of milk, wiping her lips with the back of her arm, she settled back in her chair with a small, contented sigh.

Damian rose from the table, walking over to the bed and began to get dressed. Alasara watched as he put on the leather pants, a pair of socks and the magnificent, black boots. He tucked a small dagger into a sheath built into one of the boots. He then grabbed a black silk shirt, pulling it over his head and into place. He reached down into his pack quickly and pulled out a cotton shirt and a piece of rope. 

"Take off the shift Alasara." She stood and swiftly took off the flimsy garment. Damian's eyes wandered over her naked body. He stepped closer to her, and she shivered slightly. His hand came up and cupped her right breast. "Mmm... you are a pretty thing now that I've cleaned you up and fed you." His thumb and forefinger tweaked her nipple and she let out a tiny, shocked gasp that was a mixture of both pain and amazingly to her, a warm, tingling wave of pleasure that seemed to penetrate her to the center of her being. A rosy blush came to her cheeks and she stare in silent arousal at the hardwood floor.

"Hmm... well, we don't have time to explore that little noise you made just now little one. We need to get going." Damian said with a smile creeping onto his face. With that he put the shirt over her head. It hung down to just above her knees, and he used the piece of rope as a crude belt, tying it around her waist. It was soft, much nicer than the crude, homespun garments that she had worn before. It made a quite serviceable dress, even if the sleeves of the shirt were too long for her. Damian solved that by rolling up the sleeves. 

"That will do for now. I guess the first stop will be to get you some foot gear. I quite like the look of my nightshirt on you. I think you can keep it for now."

With that he grabbed a belt pouch out of his pack and tied it to the thick leather around his waist, in the process he grabbed his sword and cloak. The sword was quickly attached to his belt and he buttoned the black cloak around his neck, motioning for her to head to the door. When they got downstairs Damian opened his belt pouch, and took out a silver crown, tossing it to the innkeeper. "For breakfast, I'll be back this evening."

"Thank you, M'lord."

The morning passed in a whirlwind for Alasara. Damian marched her slowly through several of the shops in town. They spent an hour at the cobbler, with Damian buying her several pairs of soft slippers for wearing indoors, a pair of sandals for everyday use about town, and having her fitted for a pair of riding boots. The cobbler told Damian that it would take two days to complete the boots.

Damian offered him an extra twenty crowns if the boots could be ready two mornings from then, as he had every intention of leaving town at that point. The cobbler agreed to the deal, saying he would work into the night if needed for the extra money, almost an extra third on top of the normal cost of the sturdy, fine riding boots. They then went to one of the main, general stores in town and Damian purchased her many of the basic needs for travelling. 

He purchased her a black, oiled, canvas cloak similar to his own, a backpack, and a long dagger, along with a small, hunting sling. After that they wandered to the district that sold clothing and he bought her two pairs of light brown, leather, riding pants, and two, leather skirts and a couple of leather vests. She was astounded at the amount of money being spent to outfit her. He had spent over two gold pieces, enough for her to live on frugally for almost six months.

They stopped at a small tavern for lunch and he bought a pitcher of ale, two loaves of the heavy, rich, black bread, with several, hard boiled eggs, which they ate in a corner table. After they had eaten lunch, he again took her back to the shopping district and they spent a good part of the afternoon at the dressmakers. 

She spent much of the afternoon standing naked in the back of the dressmaker's shop being measured and fitted for two dresses that Damian ordered, with two sets of nightclothes. The dressmaker was quite shocked when she asked about undergarments and Damian quite bluntly told her that the girl was not allowed to wear them at this point, as she was a convicted criminal under his wardship, and had no rights to privacy. Alasara blushed and hung her head in shame. 

After all the measurements were taken and a couple of silk shifts had been altered to fit her, they looked at several bolts of cloth to determine which dresses she would have. Damian picked out a soft cream, colored linen, and an emerald green, shimmer silk. He picked out several, linen tops to go with the skirts and riding pants. Those were wrapped in paper and tied with string. Again after discussion and agreeing to pay a premium, the dressmaker agreed to have the dresses ready two mornings hence. 

It was late afternoon when they finished; they then traveled out to the edge of town where the livestock dealers were. Here Damian actually asserted his authority as a magister and requisitioned a horse from the city stable master, a grey and white filly. They then went to the leather working shop where he ordered a saddle. He took the leather worker aside and spoke to him in low tones for several minutes.

The Leather Craftsman's face broke into a grin at something that Damian said, and nodded several times. He disappeared into the back of his shop for several minutes and came back and handed Damian a small bag, knotted at the top. Damian smiled and gave the man several silver crowns.

As they walked back to the tavern they were staying in, Alasara's curiosity overwhelmed her. "Sir, what is in the bag that you purchased from the leather worker?"

"That, little thief, you shall find out at bed time." His voice had that threatening low bass note that terrified her, but this time there was a warm undertone that held a promise of something dark and strange. She shuddered with apprehension at the thought of what would happen before bed.

They arrived back at the tall building a few minutes later, and proceeded up to the room. He had her dress in one of the leather skirts and one of the linen tops. After she was decent they headed down to the common room for dinner. Taking a table in the corner of the rapidly darkening common room, He sat Alasara next to him in the corner. A serving girl came around lighting oil lamps as the sun set and the rooms corners faded into shadows. 

"What would M'lord like for dinner?" The serving girl asked.

"I'll start with a jug of the red wine. One cup, please. What is on the board tonight?"

"Roast pork and vegetables, or Chicken Pie, sir." She rattled off the top of her head.

"Two orders of the Chicken Pie. Is there dessert available tonight?"

"Yes M'lord. We've Apple and Berry Crumble pie and we've Custard-Berry Tarts as well."

"Very well, we shall see after we finish the main course."

The serving maid hurried off to deliver the order to the innkeeper in the kitchen. Damian topped up the mug with wine and handed it to Alasara. "Drink the whole thing. Do it quickly."

She looked at him with curiosity, but did as she was bid, and rapidly drank the mug of wine, letting the wonderful, tasting liquid warm her stomach. He poured another half a cup and had her drink again, then topped up the mug and sipped on the cup. The serving girl came back and dropped two bowls of greens glistening with a light dressing in front of them. "These come with the pies sir, part of the meal."

"My thanks." He motioned for Alasara to eat, and dug into his own salad. The greens were fresh, and not overly bitter, the dressing was light and refreshing. It made a good start to the meal. Alasara eyed her salad with skepticism, but watching Damian dig into his salad she tentatively took a forkful and bit. The crunch of the greens startled her a bit, but the light dressing was quite good and she quickly wolfed down the small bowl of leafy greens. 

Shortly thereafter the chicken pies arrived, and they both dug into the dish, a heavy, crumbly, buttered crust gave way to an inside filled with chicken, mushrooms, onions and vegetables with a rich, chicken gravy. They ate in companionable silence, both quite hungry after the busy day of shopping. Eventually they both finished, and Damian topped up the mug of wine, once again sipping about half of the mug before bidding Alasara to finish it off. She was feeling quite warm and relaxed her stomach pleasantly full.

"Do you want dessert Alasara?" Damian enquired.

"I'm not sure if I could finish it." She said with a contented groan.

The serving girl returned to clear away the plates and Damian asked her to bring one of the Berry Crumble pies. Several minutes later she returned and brought a small pie, with steam still wafting off it. "It's quite warm sir. The Master heated it up for you in the oven."

"Give him my thanks. Oh, and get us another jug of red please." With that, he pushed the table out slightly, and reached over to Alasara. He put one hand under each of her arms and quite suddenly picked her up and placed her on his lap. 

Alasara let out a small squeak of alarm at the suddenly intimate circumstances. "Hello little thief." Damian purred into her ear. "Tonight, after I warm your delightful bottom, you shall warm my bed," she shivered at his words, "but first... dessert." He took a forkful of the pie and slowly brought it towards her lips. 

She opened her mouth and took the small bite that he offered her. As he fed her, his hand slowly crept up her inner thigh. She clenched her legs together and suddenly she started as Damian nipped her earlobe sharply. "Keep those legs apart little thief. I want to play." He then growled softly in her ear. The words sent a blaze of heat straight to her core. 

He continued to feed her small bites of the Berry Pie and with every bite his had inched further towards her most private area. Finally his finger reached her cleft, and he gently toyed with the small tuft of hair at the top. She shivered, the conflict between fear and desire growing stronger. His finger flitted gently across her clit and she moaned and arched her back. "Ohhh.... w-what was that..." 

"Hmm, you liked that did you?" He did it again and again she arched her back, stifling another moan.

"I've... I've never..." She stammered.

"I gathered that the first time I saw you girl. Tonight is going to be learning experience for you little one. Not all of it pleasant, but by tomorrow morning you will exist in a completely new world." With that he slid his hand back out from under her skirt and grabbed another cup of wine. He fed her several small sips. The hand that had been feeding her pie rose to her breast and gently cupped it through her linen shirt. He then reached up and ruffled her short red hair. "Hmm... no, this will not do. We'll have to do something about that before bedtime this evening." 

She was confused. What was wrong with her hair? She had kept it cropped short to aid in her disguise as a boy. But what could he do about that she wondered. 

The hand that ruffled her hair moved to the nape of her neck and the nails were gently dragged up into her hairline. Again, a slow blush of heat flashed from her hairline straight to the fire in the core of her being and she moaned softly. This time she tucked her head into his neck, her chin resting on his shoulder.

"Mmm... little one likes her hair played with eh?" He continued to run his fingers through her hair, and then gently ran his fingernails down the back of her neck.

Alasara's body shook, afire with both desire and fear. Fear of the pain she knew was coming tonight, fear of the unknown of what happened after that. Finally a small sob escaped her and Damian felt a hot tear drop down onto his neck. He reached up and with one hand gently tipped her chin up so she was looking into his eyes.

"Tonight will not be as painful as last night. You will still be punished tonight, but we move into different territory this evening." He gave her a gentle kiss of the forehead, and let her tuck herself back into his shoulder. Damian finished the few bites of pie that were left and motioned to the serving girl. She came over to the table.

"Tell your master I desire a moment of his time. I have a special request from the cellars for this evening."

"Yes M'lord."

Shortly thereafter, the innkeeper arrived at the table. Damian pulled out his belt pouch and counted off three gold pieces. "A bottle of Silver Tears and two shot measures."

"Aye, M'lord. Uh, I only have two bottles left M'lord. I bought them at three gold apiece."

"Fine then," Damian gave him another gold coin and several more silver crowns, "bring it up to the room in twenty minutes."

Damian's attentions wandered back to the little redhead sitting in his lap. His hand went back to the nape of her neck, playing with her hairline with his fingernails. He poured another mugful of red, feeding Alasara several sips, taking several drinks from the cup himself.

"Come little one. Time to head upstairs."

She drowsily raised her head off his shoulder and stood up. They headed upstairs to their room. She walked ahead of him. As they were about halfway up the steps, Damian, with a small grin on his face, smacked her ass sharply. She yelped and bolted up the stairs, Damian right behind her. As they neared the room, Damian caught up with her, and grabbed her shoulder. She stopped, and he came up behind her. Just outside the door to the room, he wrapped his arms around her from behind, and bent his head down to the spot where neck and shoulder met and his teeth gently closed on the spot. 

He growled, low in his throat, a sound full of erotic promise and menace at the same time. Her knees buckled, and he slung her into his arms, opening the door. He kicked the door shut with a thud and put her down gently.

She stood in the middle of the room, trembling, not sure what to expect next. He went to the bed, where the bag from the leather worker lay, and untied the bag. Her eyes grew wide with shock and fear as he pulled a whip out. It had a hardwood handle that was carved in the likeness of a phallus, and several two foot long, half inch wide, leather straps hanging from the handle.

"So little one, rather than my sword scabbard tonight, I thought your delightful rear end deserved some special treatment. From now on my sword scabbard shall be reserved for nights where I am very unhappy with you. A special measure, if you will." He brought the whip over to her, and let her take a close look at it. 

"This is a flogger, or tawse. The whip strands are made of deerskin. It's significantly softer than regular cowhide. This will hurt, but won't bruise your, delightful skin. Hold out your arm."

She held out her arm and he flicked the flogger. It cracked on her arm, and she started at the pain, but it wasn't all that bad. A patch of skin on her arm where the flogger had struck had turned light pink.

He sat down in the chair and motioned her over to him. He pulled her down so she sat in his lap. "Tonight is what most nights will be like from now on Alasara. You will go to bed with a warmed bottom, but well fed, and well cared for," He nuzzled her neck, and she giggled a bit as his goatee tickled her, "now, on to business. Take off your clothes, and neatly fold them for tomorrow." 

She did as he asked, quickly getting undressed, folding her clothes neatly, placing them on the table beside the bed. He stood and walked over to his pack, and pulled out a pair of stout leather cuffs. He attached them to her wrists, and clipped her wrists behind her back. He then sat her in the chair as he readied the bed for the activities to come. He took the pillows from the head of the bed and placed them in the middle of the mattress. 

He had her carefully get onto the bed and placed her face down on the bed, her ass in the air. He spread her legs a bit, and with a couple of lengths of rope, tied her ankles to the bedposts. She was now totally exposed to him, totally open for punishment and his enjoyment.

At that point there was a knock on the door. Damian went over, and unbolted the door, and opened it. He took the offered tray from the innkeeper, closing and bolting the door. With a series of arcane gestures and a few muttered incantations, Damian cast a spell. A light flared in the room. Damian looked at Alasara and smiled. She turned her head to the best of her ability and looked over at him.

"What was that sir?"

"Oh, just a little aural shield spell. No noise from inside this room will leave. So my dear, you can scream as loud as you like, and unlike last night, the rest of the inn will not have to hear your screams. Oh, and tonight we're not working on a count. Tonight I'm going to whip you until I feel like stopping."
