 We were ready to separate the James Cook from the living section two days after Father Ray broke the news to me that he was not landing with us. The solar panels, the liquid oxygen tanks and liquid hydrogen tanks were all in place and providing plenty of power to the living section.

I didn't know how long the James Cook's batteries would last or if Joseph could repair the one damaged solar panel. I didn't want to drain them too much, so the James Cook was also drawing power from the living section's batteries and would continue to do so until the day we would separate.

The far corner of the cafeteria was setup as a command post with the computer, telescopic camera and television all working properly. Those staying behind could watch dinosaurs all they wanted.

I was glad that Sam suggested getting the extra food and supplies from the mini-storage bins behind the cafeteria. Without it there would only be enough food to last those staying onboard about seven or eight months.

I had told William to have the cooks move the extra food into the cafeteria's food lockers. I was worried that once the food started to run low there would be fights over it. I thought that it would be easier to control the distribution of food if it was all stored in one place. He apologetically told me that the reason he was staying onboard was because once on Earth he would be out of a job; a cook would not be needed. But I knew that he said that only because he didn't want to reveal that he was afraid of getting eaten by a dinosaur.

The number of individuals who would be landing on Earth turned out to be quite close to the actual number that Joseph and I had originally figured. There were eight officers, six junior officers, two prostitutes, four ship's crew members and three laborers who would be returning to Earth.

Forty-four men and women chose to remain with the living section; almost every one of them because they feared that the James Cook would either burn up on re-entry or crash when we landed. I was heartsick. But there was nothing I could do.

I still thought about ordering them all into the James Cook, using the taser guns to back me up. But Chantelle Dawn, Joshua and Father Ray were against that. They all warned me that if I forced them into the James Cook then there might be a riot. Then the ship surely would crash land and we would all be killed. I resigned myself to the fact that I was losing most of my crew.

The afternoon before we separated Gerald called me on my cell TV-phone. He asked me -- practically begged me -- to meet him in his cabin. He sounded like he was real upset. At the time, I was in the brig's HQ office visiting with Chantelle; we were discussing some last minute details of the separation.

She gave me a look of exasperation. I just shrugged my shoulders and reminded her that "duty calls." She smiled sardonically and wished me luck.

When I got to his berth Gerald told me that he called me on my personal cell TV-phone because he couldn't find me. He complained that since I canceled most of the watches the officers had to stand, he never knew where to look for me.

I must confess that he was right. Once we parked ourselves in orbit above the Earth I informed the officers that they didn't have to stand watch any longer.

There was no need to. Besides they were all too busy working on various assignments that Joseph and I had placed them on in preparation to separating the James Cook from the living section. As for me, I was busy running around the spaceship and living section checking on the projects, making sure everything was running smoothly.

I asked Gerald what his problem was and he complained about a dinosaur that the crew had named Queerosaurus. I had seen it earlier in the day, before any of the crew members chose a name for it. It appeared to be from the family Pachycephalosauridae.

It had the dome on its head like other Pachycephalosaurs but it also had short spikes on its neck, sides and on the end of its tail. It was black and indigo blue with red bumps all over its back. Its stomach was pale yellow. The animal was biped except when it foraged for food. Then it walked on all four legs digging in the ground and poking around bushes.

Gerald demanded that I have them rename the animal. I could tell from looking at it that the crew named it because it looked so bizarre, not because of its sexual orientation. But Gerald took it personal. I really couldn't blame him.

I went to the cafeteria and ordered the crew to rename the dinosaur. They called it Weirdosaurus.

Later that evening Gerald buzzed my cabin. It was late, just past twenty-two hundred. I didn't let him in; Chantelle and I were preparing to take a shower together. We were both naked. I wrapped a towel around myself and opened the hatch; Chantelle stayed in the shower. I stood in the doorway and asked him what he wanted. He apologized for disturbing me and said that he just wanted to thank me.

I advised him that the crew didn't name the creature with him in mind. He said he knew that but he still wanted it renamed. He said he took it personal. I told him that I would have taken it personal too and in fact did because of my bisexuality.

I surprised him when I revealed that to him. He said that he always thought that I was straight. That surprised me because I thought everyone onboard knew that I was bisexual.

After he left Chantelle and I did our thing together in the shower with a strap-on dildo. Then we crawled into bed and performed cunnilingus on other before going to sleep.

The morning we were to separate I held one last general assembly in the cafeteria. I again encouraged everyone to come aboard the James Cook. I told them that if need be I would even delay the return for anyone who changed his or her mind about staying and wanted to get some of their personal supplies onboard. No one budged. It was like I was talking to marble statues.

George stood up. "Captain Antoinette, I'm in charge here now. You and your officers go burn yourselves up on re-entry. We don't . . ."

"No! You're not in charge here George," Konrad, the supply officer called out, interrupting him.

"George, there is no way that I'm living out my final days under your misguidance," Alicia also interrupted him.

Nurse Rebecca added her own comment. "Alicia, don't worry about George. Master Chef William and I already have it all figured out. We're going to slip a sedative in his food and keep him sedated . . ."

"This is mutiny!" George yelled. "I'll have you all put in the brig."

"And just who's going to help you," interjected Craig. "Not me, Adam or Tommy." The two of them nodded in agreement.

Ralph called out, "We don't want you in charge of us after the James Cook separates from us. I know I don't."

"I don't either," added Terri.

Numerous crew members and laborers then began calling out that they did not want George in charge after the separation. Indeed, except for Father Ray and Ronald -- the latter being exceptionally quiet the whole time -- everyone who was staying seemed to have an opinion about George assuming command of the spaceship. Most of them were against him.

I didn't know why Father Ray was so quiet. I assumed it was because he was being his normal humble self. But I was suspicious of Ronald's quiet attitude. He had changed these last few weeks but I still didn't trust him.

"Wait! Wait!" I hollered out holding up my hand for quiet. I glanced over to Chantelle for back up. She slammed the butt of a taser gun down on a table, making a loud banging noise.

"Captain Antoinette is still in charge here," she yelled out. "I'll put every one of you in brig if you don't quiet down right now." She wasn't bluffing. The crew didn't name the particularly vicious theropod carnivore Chantelleosaurus for nothing.

"Thank you Chantelle," I said to her. Then to the crew, "And just who do y'all expect to be in charge? What rules do y'all intend to follow?"

Mark, the chef's assistant, stood up. He was another person who was very well educated. Rumor had it that he had degrees in philosophy, history, accounting and sociology.

He once confided in me that his personnel file did not indicate his true education. But I figured that out. He seemed to be too well educated for an assistant chef. I also know that he too spent a lot of his spare time in the ship's library reading.

Like Father Ray, he signed on because it gave him a lot of free time to read and continue his studies. Unlike most of the others, he was staying so that he could continue his studies and play chess with Father Ray. "We prefer someone who knows what he is doing to be in charge of us Captain Antoinette."

"Who for instance?" I asked him.

"We were hoping that Father Ray would take control of everything after you're gone, Captain Antoinette. I mean, I can't think of anyone better."

"Yeah, that's who," a couple of crew members called out.

I glanced over at George. The hurt was evident on his face. Here was his last chance to be captain and no one wanted him. He looked around the cafeteria at the crew members for some measure of support. Some of them stared back but most of them just ignored him.

Then he quietly, almost inaudibly said to me, "I'll be in my cabin Captain Antoinette. Will you let me know who they choose as their leader? You have my assurances that I'll follow who ever they select?"

Having said that, he quickly left the cafeteria before I could answer him. He was a broken man and I felt sorry for him. But then he brought it on himself with the way he conducted himself earlier in the voyage. Gerald, his homosexual lover, started to leave with him but then thought better of it and sat back down.

As soon as George was out of the room Judith called for a vote. Catherine then nominated Father Ray and Terri seconded his nomination. Next Abraham nominated Mark; Konrad seconded his nomination. Finally, Ralph nominated Nurse Rebecca and Ronald seconded it.

To make it fair, I suggested that only those who were staying behind vote. Everyone agreed. Catherine, Marilyn, Ruth, Alicia and Norton passed out slips of paper to everyone and they all just wrote down who they wanted to lead them.

It was a close vote. Father Ray received 16 votes, Rebecca got 15 and Mark got 11. Gerald didn't vote. I saw him put his slip of paper in his pocket. As soon as the votes were totaled he walked out of the cafeteria. I presumed he was headed for George's room. I know the two of them often slept together there.

After the vote everyone called for Father Ray to give a victory speech but he only thanked them for having faith in him. He then told them that he had no intention of changing any of the rules and regulations that I had made. He reminded them that it was going to be hard for those who were staying behind and that the only way they were going to make the best of it was to pull together as a unit. He then called for everyone to join him in a prayer for the James Cook's safe return to Earth.

But Ralph mumbled, "Yeah but even if they make a safe landing, they'll all be dead in a couple of weeks. They'll all end up as food for a T-Rex or some other dinosaur."

I wanted to strangle him. It was people like him who had caused so many to change their minds, getting them to fear landing or be eaten alive. Here was a man who was supposedly well educated -- he has a master's degree in computer science. But what does he do; he spreads stupid lies and unfounded beliefs. Then the less educated fall for his irresponsibility hook, line and sinker.

Ignoring him, Father Ray started the prayer. "Let us remember that we are in the presence of God." He paused and looked around. Then, "Our Father, who art in heaven . . ."

Everyone then joined him in the Lord's Prayer, even Sam who is a Muslim.

I once asked Sam how he orientates himself to offer prayers in space. He told me that he just faces the sun. While we were reciting the Lord's Prayer I quickly glanced up and saw him turn and face the rear of the ship. It was still morning. We were over what will someday be the Pacific Ocean and the Sun was to our rear. I smiled.

With the exception of Father Ray, I often wondered if there was anyone onboard who had a greater faith in God than Sam.

After the prayer there were hugs and tearful good-byes by everyone. I asked the 22 who were returning to the Earth to stay for a couple of minutes for some last minute instructions. Everyone else dispersed to their own berths, the TV lounge, the games room or to the far corner of the cafeteria to watch dinosaurs.

I reminded those who were returning to Earth that once we landed we could very easily be without electricity or any conveniences. The ship's batteries would only last a couple of days and then we would be on our own until -- and if -- Joseph could get the damaged solar panel repaired.

I advised them that any electrical toothbrushes, shavers, massagers, heating pads or anything that required electricity to run would be better left here. If Joseph couldn't fix the panel, it might not put out enough electricity for them to use their electrical devices.

I didn't inspect anyone's gear to determine whether or not they followed my advice -- it wasn't an order. I didn't follow it; I brought my electric shaver. I left it up to each person to make their own decision on what to bring with themselves. But I was sure that other than some extra clothing and some personal items most of them were only bringing photographs of loved ones and a souvenir or two with them. I'm also sure that some of them were bringing electric shavers.

I then told them that we would be separating from the living section in about three hours, reminded them to remove their Velcro shoes and make sure they put on regular shoes before launch and then dismissed them. After they all left I went to my berth to get the photos of the landing site I had chosen.

About a week ago Joshua and I picked two landing sites next to two lakes, the real one and a false one.

"So what do you think Toni? Which do you like better the North American site or the African site?"

We were on the lower flight deck looking over pictures of potential landing sites that Natalie and her crew had taken. The center navigation table had pictures of several potential sites strewn all over it; each held in place with a piece of tape. I picked up the pictures of the two sites in question, "Joshua will you accompany me to my berth for a moment?"

Once there I spread all the pictures out on my desk. Looking them over I stated matter-of-factly, "I like the African site Joshua. It's closer to a lake than the American one."

"Yeah me too. It's also offers us a longer landing strip than the American site."

He paused and gave me a worried look. Then, "I know you enjoy studying anthropology and would love to see first hand the Cradle of Mankind where many fossils of Australopithecus and Homo habilis have been found. But do you like the site where Olduvai Gorge and the Great Rift Valley will someday be located because it's a better site or because you're partial to landing in Africa?"

Without looking up I answered him, "It will be interesting to land near the eastern edge of what will someday be the Serengeti Plains and see first hand what the ancient ancestors of the monkeys and apes looked like Joshua. But all prejudice aside, I believe that the African site offers us a better chance for our survival than the American site."

"OK, I believe you. But why bring me down here just to give me your opinion? Unless of course you want to . . ." He gave me a wicked smile.

I turned to him and unemotionally said, "I haven't got time for sex right now Joshua. Maybe tonight. I asked you to accompany me to my berth because I wanted to ask you your opinion on revealing the site to the rest of the crew."

"Like I said, I like the African site."

"Well, what do you think we ought to tell those who are staying here? I mean, if we tell them where we're landing and they look for us with the telescope, they'll see that we've landed safely. They'll know that they've made the wrong choice."

"I see what you mean. Then I suggest we don't tell them where we're landing."

"I'm glad you agree with me on that. But I think we ought to tell everyone that we're landing in what will someday be the Badlands of South Dakota in the North American site."

He answered me, "Good idea." But I knew what was on his mind.

I put my hands on his chest and provocatively said, "Now about tonight, why don't you meet me here around twenty hundred? We can shower together."

He smiled, "Sounds great."

"Now if you'll excuse me, I have to use the toilet."

He left and I picked up all the pictures, telling myself that I would make a decision on what to do with them later.

The next three hours for me passed by rapidly checking on a few last minute details. I almost didn't get to say good-bye to Father Ray. On my way to his cabin I met Juan, Father Ray's roommate. He asked if there were any last minute chores to do. I handed him the pictures of the landing site and asked him to get a hand axe from supply and put them in a plastic bag next to my seat on the bridge.

Father Ray was alone in his berth. He was reading.

Father Ray and I talked for a few minutes. He offered me a glass of scotch but I declined. I then "confessed" to Father Ray about my deception. I told him about the real site.

"Father, we're not really landing in North America; we're landing in Eastern Africa."

"I looked at the photographs of some of the sites you and Joshua were considering as landing spots and I figured that's where you're heading. I'm also pretty sure I know why you told everyone that you're landing in America."

"It's not easy to fool you is it Father?"

"Well, I don't know about that. But the site in Africa looks more promising. It's within walking distance to a lake, it's on the edge of a forest and it has a longer landing field than the American one. It also looks smoother. Isn't that what you want, long and smooth?"

"Yes Father, that's what we need. The African site has more potential than the American one or any of the other sites we've looked at. But I need to tell you . . ."

"Don't Toni," he held up his hand and stopped me. "You've told me too much already. You don't have to reveal to me why you told everyone that you're landing in America. It's none of my business. It's none of the business of those who have chosen to stay onboard."

"But I just can't leave without telling you Father. I cannot lie to you. You've been too good to me . . . to everyone."

"I'm sure you have your reasons. I'm also sure your reasons are valid. But since you're 'confessing' to me," he gave the quote sign with his fingers. "Let me confess something to you."

It was his way of changing the subject.

"Last week I went around and sort of told everyone that I thought that we should elect a new leader after you and the other officers are gone. I didn't come right out and say it but . . ."

"Father Ray!" I interrupted him. "You mean to tell me that you engineered George's dethronement?"

"I'm afraid so. Toni, after you and the others are gone, we're going to need a strong leader, someone who the crew trusts and respects. George just doesn't measure up. Don't get me wrong. I believe George is a nice guy and all. He's got his problems . . . we all do. But he's not a leader."

He frowned. Then, "The crew doesn't trust or respect him. But I was hoping they would elect Nurse Rebecca or Mark. At least that's the bug I put into everyone's ear last week. I didn't think it would backfire on me. I didn't think they would elect me."

"Father, the crew couldn't have chosen a better person for the job. Everyone loves you and trusts you."

"Tell you what. I'll let your little deception be my secret if you let my little deception be your secret." He smiled.
