 Hello everyone. This is a story that imagines what it might be like to have a substitute body. 

~~~

For years a brilliant scientist named Butch Johnson, whose body had been totally disabled by a neurological disease, used his big brain in collaboration with two engineer buddies of his named Bill and Steve. Their goal was to come up with a way for people with disabled bodies to enjoy life in the way able bodied people do.

Just over a year ago they had a major breakthrough. They built a life-like Android robot that was a shade over six feet tall. He had a handsome face, an average build, and a very impressive thick eight inch cock. 

Then they attached a computer chip to the stem of Butch's brain, that used a Web connection to communicate with the central processing unit of the robot they named Magnums O U 8 1 2. Over the next few months they calibrated Magnums responses to signals from Butch's brain to the point Magnums O U 8 1 2 essentially became a living being, and an extension of Butch. 

He could eat and drink and his body movements were lifelike. The rechargeable battery pack that gave him life also produced enough heat to keep the surface of his skin somewhat warm. The food and drink he consumed was stored in a reservoir until it was manually emptied. He also had a container that held enough viscous liquid to simulate half a dozen normal sized ejaculations.

Butch could control Magnums' actions, and he could feel the sensations from whatever happened to his body. He even felt sexual pleasure when Magnums was touched intimately.

~

It was purely coincidental that Butch was ready to send Magnums out into the world for the first time on the same day Evelyn Graves joined Butch and his engineer buddies for lunch at the Old Boys Club in downtown Atlanta. 

She was one of the few women who'd been granted full membership to the club, due partly to her success in business, but primarily because most of the male members of the club were beholding to her. 

She'd either sucked the dicks or given some pussy to the ones she found appealing. Butch had always wanted to fuck her like many of his friends had done, but that wasn't possible with his twisted mangled body.

For the men who weren't her cup of tea, she'd arranged for one of her girls to take care of their needs in ways their wives often times wouldn't do.

She was down in the mouth a bit because of problems she was having with some politicos and a pious Bishop, who wanted to force her to close her sextoy stores before primary elections were held. 

Her warehouse had also been robbed and the police wouldn't help her. As a result of all the forces allied against her, she was nearly in a panic, and she didn't know where to go for help. 

Butch had political connections, so he offered to help her if he could. He also told her he'd send a trusted friend who was a private investigator, to find out who'd robbed her. 

Butch also thought it would be the perfect opportunity to put Magnums to the test.

~~~

Evelyn was standing at a window in her third floor office, looking at the small parking lot in the rear of the building. 

She was licking her lips and imagining them curled around the cocks of several men she'd seen going into the space located on the lower level. It was Wednesday, which normally meant she would have climbed down her private stairs, and gone into her private video booth to service some of the clean-cut men dressed in business attire.

The men who frequented her gloryhole establishment were there in search of anonymous man on man sex. So far none of the ones she'd serviced had given her any indication they'd realized their cocks had actually been sucked by a real woman. 

Her daydream was interrupted by two soft taps on her office door. "One second," she said.

She took in a few deep breaths as she did her best to push down her arousal. When she opened the door to her office, one of her clerks from her sextoy store located on the middle floor of the building said, "Ms. Graves, a Mr. Magnums O U 8 1 2 Private Investigator, says you're expecting him." 

"Thank you Sugar." replied Evelyn. "Hello Mr. O U 8 1 2, thank you for coming to see me on such short notice."

~

As Evelyn was greeting Magnums, Butch and his engineer buddies were sitting in his tricked out van down the street, watching and listening to the scene on a big flat screen monitor through the eyes and ears of Magnums O U 8 1 2.

So far, Magnums had walked across the parking lot, and opened the door to the store precisely as Butch's mind had told him to. Now he was going to carry on a conversation as though he was human. 

~

Back in Evelyn's office; after she greeted him, Magnums said, "No worries." Then he said, "You can call me Magnums. Everybody calls me that, because of the size of the condoms I have to wear."

Evelyn raised an eyebrow when he said that, then she instinctively looked at his crotch. "Did he just say that to me?" she asked herself, as she quickly shifted her gaze away from the bulge in his pants lying against his left leg.

Magnums then returned to leering intensely at Sugar's ass as he stood behind her. He grinned as he rubbed his chin before he said, "Mmmmm Sugar, looks like you're not wearing any draws. Either that or you have a thong up in the crack of that big fine ass of yours?" Then he licked his lips before he mumbled, "Damn, I wouldn't mind tapping that."

Sugar smiled before she bit her lip and her skin tingled from instant lust. Magnums saw the look on her face that showed how desirable she found him. He kept his eyes glued on her until she backed out of the office and closed the door.

After he'd finished ogling the young clerk who was at most half his age, he turned his attention to Evelyn and looked her up and down. He was obviously undressing her with his eyes before he acknowledged her. "Damn girl, I bet you've got a hairy cat under that pretty skirt you're wearing," he said to her, without as much as a hello.

The tall curvy ebony skinned woman stood there stunned for a moment. Then she looked down at her crotch that was covered by the tight skirt of her stylish business suit. How in the hell does he know I have a hairy pussy?" Evelyn asked herself.

~

Meanwhile in Butch's van; Bill had just spit coffee out of his mouth and blew it through his nose, when he heard what Magnums had said.

Steve had uttered a barely audible, "What the fuck?"

Butch looked at both of them for a moment, then said, "Would you believe he was hacked?

"Honestly, I don't know where that came from."

But inside he was ecstatic, he'd always wanted to say that to Evelyn.

Meanwhile Bill was working frantically to clean up his mess before any coffee got inside any of the electronic gear. When he was sure none of the equipment had been destroyed he said, "Butch, I think I need to tweak the algorithm that differentiates between your conscious and subconscious thoughts.

Steve immediately regretted that he'd used the urban dictionary as a source of words and phrases to help Magnums convert Butch's speech to Ebonics."

~

In Evelyn's office; she was used to sharing the company of men who were intimidated by her. Magnums bad-boy approach had instantly aroused her submissive nature. But she did her best to put a blank look on her face before she said to him in a very neutral tone, "Why did you say that to me?"

Magnums eyes glanced down to her legs again before he replied. "You have lots of hair on your legs, so I figured you have lots of it on your pussy too. It looks sexy as fuck to me."

"Oh my god, he's so nasty," she thought. "I love it." But after inhaling deeply before exhaling just as heavily, in an effort to control herself, she tried again to discourage him. "I beg your pardon," she said.

"You're excused," said Magnums, as he sat down without waiting to be invited. "Do you have a shot of brown liquor around here somewhere?" he asked.

"Oh my goodness," thought Evelyn. "He's amazing."

Then she reached into her credenza for the bottle of inexpensive brandy she typically offered to people who weren't her close friends.

When she sat the booze and a glass on her desk, Butch said, "Oh hell naw. I'm not drinking that shit. Gimme that bottle of Courvoisier I saw on the back of the shelf." 

"OK," she complied meekly, then sat behind her desk and crossed her legs with a look of pure desire on her face. 

As she watched him knock back two double shots of the fine brandy, she knew she had to have him.

"After licking his lips, he smacked them before he said, "That's some good shit." 

~

Back in Butch's van again; Steve's eyes were closed and he was shaking his head as he said, "I knew I shouldn't have left that code in Magnums program, that told him how to talk like he was Iceberg Slim, in a 70s blaxploitation movie," he regretted.

Just a couple of feet away from him, Butch was trying to hide how pleased he was, with the effect Magnums was having on Evelyn.

~

Meanwhile in Evelyn's office; she'd just taken a long moment, while she debated with herself whether or not she should forget about the reason Magnums O U 8 1 2 had come to see her, and fuck him then and there.

Unfortunately for her, she couldn't afford to lose the fifty thousand dollars worth of inventory that had been stolen. So for now, she'd have to focus on business.

After satisfying his thirst, Magnums continued talking. "So tell me," he said. "What is it that I can do for you Madame?"

She exhaled one more time and then she said, "My warehouse was robbed recently. It is located in a good safe area, and I've never had any problems there before.

"The only reason I can think of to explain why it happened now is that primary elections are coming up soon, and so it's politically expedient to pick on me. I'm a woman running a business that sells sextoys in the Bible belt, not to mention the fact that I operate glory holes in the space downstairs."

"That fact doesn't endear me to Bishop Cocksucker, Police Commissioner Billy Club, City Councilwoman Stripper, or Mayor Phony."

She said, "Um, the police aren't particularly interested in solving the crime, and my insurance carrier threatened to drop me as a customer."

The entire time she was talking, Magnums had been looking at her tits in a very lascivious manner. 

At that point the combination of his bad-boy style, and her body's involuntary response to the fire in his eyes had brought out Evelyn's submissive side.

Her nipples were hard, and they'd momentarily hypnotized Magnums. He was staring at the dime sized knobs visible on the tips of Evelyn's forty double-d breasts.

"Damn girl," said Magnums, as he reached for a tissue from the box on Evelyn's desk. After putting the tissue to his mouth as though he was wiping drool off his chin he said, " As fine as you are, why the hell haven't you bribed them with some pussy?"

After taking a moment to consider his question she sat forward in her chair, then spoke in a serious tone. I may own stock in a company that manufactures sextoys, and I own four stores that sell them, and I also run a jack-off shack with gloryholes, and I run a whorehouse in a sketchy part of town, but I don't sell myself. 

"I give my pussy away willingly to those who deserve it." Then she stared deeply into his eyes.

The look she gave him after she finished reciting her resume was crystal clear to Magnums. So he rubbed his chin, then said, "Ah-rah, I'm glad you said that. I can't think of anyone more deserving of a piece of ass right now than me."

At that point Evelyn had had enough talking; she said "Mr. Magnums are you going to get this pussy or what?"

"Depends," said Magnums. "On how well you suck my dick."

Evelyn rose from her chair and started to take off her jacket. "I prefer to be naked when I fuck," she said.

"Sounds good to me," said Magnums, beginning to unbutton his shirt.

"Don't do that," said Evelyn, already stripped down to her bra and panties. "That's my job."

~

Down in Butch's van; Butch had gone into a trance-like state as he focused all of his attention on Magnums. He wanted to experience the pleasure Evelyn was about to give Magnums to the fullest.

Steve and Bill were grinning like a couple of Cheshire cats as they watched the scene occurring in Evelyn's office. 

~

Back in Evelyn's office; she'd stripped down to her birthday suit and struck a pose with her hands on her hips. She was a thick woman from head to toe. Her big forty double-d tits looked heavy, and they hung past the top of her stomach. Her thirty inch waist flared out to forty inch hips, with a thick neatly trimmed triangle of pubic hair at the junction of her big juicy thighs. Her thick calves tapered down to her ankles.

She got on her knees between his legs and unzipped his fly, while looking into Magnums' eyes. When she released his rock hard cock it stood up strong and proud. She wrapped both of her hands around the shaft then put the head into her mouth. After swirling her tongue around it, she pulled it out of her mouth with a pop. "Based on my calculations, you have an eight inch long cock, with a two inch thick shaft, and a mushroom shaped head," she informed him.

After pulling his pants down around his ankles, she took his manhood into her mouth again. She used the skill and expertise she'd acquired during many years of sucking dick to please him.

~

Meanwhile in Butch's van; his eyes were closed and his breathing was shallow as he experienced his first blowjob. 

~

In Evelyn's office; she was kneading Magnums' golf ball sized nuts in one hand, while pumping the shaft of his cock with the other. She was concentrating on sucking the head of his dick in and up and down motion, until she had the sudden urge to lick it. After she'd lapped at it a dozen times or so, she used her hand to beat his meat for a moment.

When he started to moan and pump his hips she stopped her ministrations and said, "You can't cum yet, you've got to fuck me with this pretty dick of yours?"

After standing up she pulled Magnums to his feet and finished undressing him. Then she walked to the window and placed both of her hands on the sill. 

When she bent at her waist, she felt her pussy juice begin to run down her thighs. "Mr. O U 8 1 2, I want you to hit it from behind, while I look at all these sexy men coming to my gloryholes to get their dicks sucked," she said

For the next few minutes Magnums rocked her coochie as only a robot could. His strokes had a rhythm that rubbed the walls of her pussy just right. The thickness of the shaft gave the opening to her vagina a nice stretch, while the angle of penetration caused the head of his dick to press against her g-spot on every in stroke.

She'd cum over and over again, and still she kept saying to him, "Keep on fucking me hard with that big dick of yours."

That's exactly what Magnums was doing, and he would have fucked her like that for hours if it hadn't been for Butch yelling into his computer brain, saying, "Magnums you've got to stop. I can't take getting another nut."

~

In Butch's van; Butch had nearly passed out from the pleasure of cuming so many times. He'd actually broken out in a cold sweat, causing Bill and Steve to consider activating Magnums' emergency shutoff if he hadn't stopped fucking when he did.

~

In Evelyn's office; she'd just finished cleaning the cum and pussy juice off of both Magnums and herself.

She was sitting at her desk, with a towel wrapped around herself while he got dressed. "Where were we, um, before we stopped to fuck?" she asked him.

"If I remember right, we were about to work out a price for my services." responded Magnums.

He then cleared his throat before he pushed his empty glass across her desk for a refill. When he laid out the details of his fees, every proposal he gave her included a sexual act to be performed by her on him, or him on her, or something they would mutually indulge in.

By the end of his spiel, Evelyn was so aroused again she poured a drink for herself. When she didn't pour one for him, Magnums cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow at her.

She responded saying, "Mr. Magnums you've had the equivalent of four drinks already. Don't you have to drive when you leave here?"

As he leaned forward and tapped the empty glass on her desk he said, "Don't you worry your pretty little head about that. I caught the bus over here.

~

A few minutes later Magnums was back in the van with Butch and his partners. As soon as they had turned him off Butch sighed in satisfaction. He was so happy he said, "I've never had so much fun in my life as I had while Magnums was fucking Evelyn.

"Bill, will you please get on the computer and have a magnum of brown liquor and a dozen red roses delivered to her from me?"

"Tell her the hooch and the flowers are thanks from me for her hiring my friend Magnums. He really needed the job."

"Will do," responded Bill.

~

Encouraged by Magnums' successful debut, Butch was enthusiastic about the possibilities he provided for bringing some normalcy to his life.

That being said, he knew he needed a professional to work with him, if he was going to pose as a private investigator. He had the perfect partner in mind; the gorgeous Ex-District Attorney named Cassidy O'Quinn.

She was his friend and companion when he wanted to take a date to a social event. He'd always wished it were possible for him to fuck her, but he was sure she wasn't interested in him, considering the body he lived in.

~

Cassidy had quit her job at the District Attorney's office, and decided to represent many of the people she used to bust when she prosecuted vice crimes.

Her clients hadn't done any hardcore illegal activities, but their businesses generally collided with the professed moral standards of the city. So the religious leaders, police and politicians prosecuted and persecuted them as a means to gain more power. 

She didn't have a lot of respect for the questionable character of many of the people profiting from sin, but if she had to choose a side she preferred the sinners over the moralists.

So when someone called her to handle some issue that interfered with their moneymaking hustle, she was more than happy to resolve their case for a healthy fee.

She didn't play favorites, or turn anyone over to the law when she discovered a Vice crime, as long as no-one had died or gotten pregnant during its commission.

~

As soon as Butch returned home from visiting Evelyn, he gave Cassidy a call. "Hello Ms. O'Quinn," he responded, after she'd answered her phone saying, "Hello Doc." That's what she usually called him.

He then asked her to come to his home to chat with him about an opportunity he had for her.

When she arrived at his home an hour or so later, she did a double take at the good looking guy who answered the door and took her to Butch.

The guy in question was Magnums. When he opened the door and saw Cassidy standing there, he smiled warmly before he spoke in a smooth deep voice saying, "Hello pretty lady. Come on in."

When they walked into Butch's study, he greeted her warmly as he normally does, then asked her to have a seat. After he'd offered her a beverage or anything else she'd like, he approached her about partnering with him. 

When he told her about Magnums, she was mildly surprised, but excited by the concept. She said, "Butch, you're telling me that this robot you've built is actually you, right?" Then she touched her lips with the tip of her finger, while looking at Butch intensely before saying, "It's not that I don't believe you, but I have to see him for myself."

Butch laughed a self satisfied laugh and then said to her, "You've already seen him." Then he said, "Magnums O U 8 1 2, would you step back in here please?"
