 Authors note: This was an unusual request from a reader as he wanted a fictitious story about Maid Marion. The reader asked me to make her out to be a cock loving slut who scorned Robin Hood because his pecker didn't please her. The reader wanted Marion to be taken by the Sherriff of Nottingham who was very well endowed and who would make her his slut. I gave it a shot so I hope it is a worthy read.

MARION'S QUEST 

Maid Marion was on her way home after a satisfying but at the same time frustrating stay in Sherwood Forest. Robin of Loxley had proven to be a good lover orally but he lacked the equipment to truly satisfy Marion. He was an obedient lover as he did not hesitate to eat Marion's pussy after he had ejaculated in her. The problem was that his cock was so small that she could hardly feel it in her womb or against her clit. Robin's cock was no bigger than most fingers that had been in Marion's pussy. Marion had even let Robin enter her ass but even then it was the same as a finger. However he did deposit a good size load in her rectum, a feeling that she dearly loved. He also followed her orders and rimmed her anus and sucked his cum from her bottom. Robin was so desperate to please Marion that he would do most anything.

After her bout with Robin, Marion wondered about the other merry men and how well endowed that they might be. She walked around the camp site and looked at the men and tried to guess who might be the one to satisfy her. Clearly Little John had the equipment but he was married with several children and his wife was insatiable. Marion knew that she would never be able to get Little John alone. It was evening and getting dark when she heard whispers coming from behind some shrubs. She didn't realize how far she had wondered from the encampment.

Marion peeked behind the bushes and she gasped when she saw Allan A Dale on all fours with his britches down around his knees. Behind him was Will Scarlet also with his britches lowered. Alan A dale was being buggered by Will. Marion was stunned to watch two men have sex for the first time in her life. Will drilled Allan's ass and he caressed the lovely bottom as his cock moved in and out. Will had a long thin cock which looked perfect for buggery. Marion put her hand under her skirt and petticoats and fingered her pussy as she watched the two men. She was very excited by the scene and she made herself cum quickly. Marion moaned and the two men heard her. Fearful of being caught they separated and pulled up their britches. Allan scooted away quickly but Will was curious to see who was nearby.  

"Lady Marion, what are you doing?" Will said when he saw her fingering herself.

"Oh Will, I'm sorry that I disturbed you. I just got so excited watching you and Allan," Marion confessed.

"So, you saw us then," Will Scarlet replied obviously upset.

"Yes but your secret is safe with me," Marion promised and then asked, "Why do you bugger Allan? Isn't there any women here for you."

"No they are all married and their husbands watch them like hawks. What are you doing this far from the encampment? Where is Robin?" 

"Robin is resting and I needed to walk," Marion said unconvincingly.

"I see. I suspect that you need more than just a walk. Why don't you join me and take over for Allan? I still haven't cum," Will told her as he took her hand and pulled her behind the bushes. 

Will drop his britches again and Marion stared at the erect cock. It was the first time she had ever seen one that was long, thin and tapered. It was also uncut but Marion had had uncut cocks before. Marion took the hardening pecker in her hand and stroked it tenderly. 

"Take it your mouth Marion. I know that you want to," Will urged.

Marion dropped to her knees and flicked her tongue out at the erect cock. She liked licking it and she liked dipping her tongue into the foreskin and tickling Will Scarlet's pee hole. Marion gave no thought to the fact the cock had just been in Allan's ass. She let the cock slide in her mouth and she liked the feel of it rubbing along the roof of her mouth. Marion liked sucking cocks and she wanted Will to experience her best effort. Will was more than ready to shoot and he opted not to tell Marion. The first blast hit the back of her throat but Marion stayed glued to the pulsating cock. Stream after stream entered her mouth and she swallowed rapidly not missing a drop. Will was surprised that the sophisticated Marion was such a good cocksucker.

Will removed his cock from her mouth and pushed her back on the ground. He lifted her skirt and petticoats and he was pleased to see her without panties. Will could smell her sex and he covered her pussy with his mouth. He was a talented cunt lapper and Marion was soon writhing and cumming. After drenching his face, Marion noticed that Will was hard again. He moved between her legs and entered her vagina. He slid in easily due to her wetness but mostly his slender size. The base of his cock was thicker and Will did a good job maintaining contact with her clit. Marion had another orgasm and she was somewhat pleased with Will. However Marion still missed a long thick cock to fill her womb.

"I know that you like buggering Allan. Would you like to do me too?" Marion asked surprising him.

"I would like that very much my lady," he replied excitedly.

Marion rolled over and got on all fours and he moved behind her. He praised her beautiful ass as he fondled it, kissed it and rimmed her anus. He had some grease with him and he applied it to Marion's anus. She felt Will's finger probe her anus once again and she remained still and quiet as he had his way with her nether hole. Will sensed her submissive state and took it to the next step. He eased his finger into Marion's ass little by little until his finger was buried in her rectum. Marion remained still and allowed Will to finger her asshole and she felt tingles run through her body. Will wormed his finger around in her ass and then he slowly removed it.

He kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks and as he massaged her ass. He added more oil to her asshole. Then Will began to probe her asshole first with one and then two fingers. Before long his fingers were moving easily in and out of Marion's thoroughly lubed asshole. He lifted Marion up by her hips until her ass was in the air as she rested her head on her hands. He removed his fingers and his tapered cock throbbed with excitement. He positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to her ass. As he eased his cock into her bunghole he heard Marion gasp and hold her breath. Marion struggled with her inner thoughts about the thing she was about to do but her ass seemed to overrule her sensibility. Ever since Will probed her ass she knew that she would give herself to him. Now that his cock was in her ass there was no turning back. As Will eased his cock into her ass the head cleared her sphincter and Marion uttered an audible gasp. The intrusion was brief as Will's tapered cock worked its way deeper and deeper into Marion's ass. If anyone had the perfect cock for butt fucking, Will did.

It didn't take long before his entire 8+" were lodged deep in her ass. He shot his load immediately when his cock was fully embedded in Marion's ass. Will stayed hard however as he always did as he knew that he could cum two, three and even four times without removing his cock from an asshole. Marion felt the warm cum shoot into her rectum and it felt good. She liked the soothing feel it gave her ravaged asshole. Will started to fuck her with long deliberate strokes as he admired her beautiful ass accepting his long cock. Will stroked her marvelous ass cheeks and told her how good she looked in this position with his dick skewering her luscious ass. 

Will felt his second orgasm start down in his balls and rush up through his cock flooding Marion's rectum again. He came more than he expected and cum soon filled her asshole to overflowing and backed up coating his cock and running down the inside of her thighs. However Will was not done with Marion and he continued fucking her tight ass. Her rectum held his cock tightly and he felt as if he could stay hard forever in the lovely Maid Marion's beautiful ass. 

He watched his cock saw in and out of her beautiful ass. Marion had her head turned to the side and she was gripping the ground with both hands as Will fondled her shapely buttocks and plowed into her. Will could feel the verge of yet another big orgasm and it felt like it started in his toes. All of a sudden it let loose and he filled her asshole with cum. His cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and it seemed that his spunk had no where to escape.

He kept slowly fucking her ass until his cock started to soften. Marion' ass involuntarily was milking his cock draining it of all his seed. When Will's cock slipped from her asshole with an audible pop, his cum shot out and ran down the back of her legs and over her pussy. It looked like Marion was shooting cum out of her ass. She collapsed face down on the ground and Will stroked her buns lovingly as she lay quietly. They whispered to each other and pledged their silence. Marion then got up and straightened her clothes before heading back to the encampment. She would leave for home in the morning.

MARION ARRIVES HOME

Marion rode her steed into the courtyard and handed the horse over to her groom Phillip. Marion smiled at the young stud as she handed him the reins. Marion had heard about her groom from her chambermaids. They were always bragging about his big cock and his volcanic like ejaculations. Although Marion was intrigued she did not want to risk fucking one of her staff. Marion entered the house and asked her maids to draw a bath for her. Marion went to her room to undress and prepare for her bath.

Julia and Constance didn't leave her room when she undressed they never did and sometimes they undressed Marion. Julia knelt by the tub and tested the water with her hand as Constance lay out large fully towels near the tub. Marion was comfortable with her nudity and she was very proud of her figure. She walked naked over to the tub and stepped in it. The hot water felt good and she let herself sink down into it. Marion sighed with pleasure when Julia and Constance took sponges in their hands and began to wash her body.

Marion loved to be washed and the feeling was erotic. Marion closed her eyes and thought back to the time she was in Nottingham and she was seduced by Elizabeth and how much she enjoyed her first lesbian experience. Marion felt the sponges glide over her body as the two chamber maids washed her breasts, abs, legs and pubes. Marion gasped when one sponge caressed her labia and she instinctively opened her legs. Julia stood up and dropped her smock which was all she was wearing as Constance continued to wash Marion. Constance looked at the naked Julia and smiled at her. Then Julia began to wash Marion again as Constance stood up and dropped her smock. She too was naked now.

Marion opened her eyes as the two women entered the large tub with her. She took in the beauty of both women as they joined her in the tub. They continued to wash Marion and then Julia handed Marion a sponge so that she could wash them. Marion ran the sponge over the large firm tits of both women and then the three of them began to kiss and touch each other. They kissed each other, caressed each other's breasts and fingered each other's pussies until all three of them orgasmed. They looked beautiful together in the tub as they all relaxed in the warm water. 

The three of them got out of the tub and dried each other with the large fluffy towels. Marion went into the bedroom and crawled in bed. The three of them were naked in Marion's bed. Marion was overcome with Julia's beautiful firm body seeing her naked again. Julia then moved between Marion's legs and stroked and lightly probed her vulva. Marion was struggling to contain her desire, and when she felt Julia tease her secret entrance she couldn't stand it any longer. Marion pulled Julia to her and tried to get Julia to lick her sopping wet pussy. But Julia was not concerned about Marion's urgency and continued at her own pace. 

Marion pushed herself onto Julia's face and she knew that this was what she wanted. Marion needed this beautiful girl to lick at her sex, to explore her with a tongue, her hidden crevices and taste her juices. Julia movements were unsure at first, knowing only that she wanted to taste Marion's womanhood. Julia knew Marion was encouraged by her murmurs of pleasure that her actions caused. Constance moved to Marion's side and stroked her breasts as she watched Julia between her legs.

Julia had an overwhelming desire to touch and feel Marion and she brought her hands up to caress Marion's buttocks. She kneaded gently at Marion's smooth flesh, spreading her cheeks until Marion knew Julia could see the deep shadowed cleft between them, and her puckered amber ring that nestled there. Julia startled Marion when she reached for it with her tongue, licking, and running the tip of her tongue around it, feeling Marion's tight muscles react to her probing tongue. 

Marion whispered encouragement to her, "Oh yes, oh Julia please don't stop."

Marion felt her tight ring dilate from the pressure of Julia's tongue. This felt so good. Julia then pushed a finger into Marion's pussy and she felt it delve deeply into her warmth causing her vaginal muscles to contract involuntarily. 

"Put your finger in me," Marion begged and Julia knew exactly what to do. 

She moistened her finger with Marion's cunt juices and she pushed it into her tight rosebud, slowly easing her way in. Julia's tongue continued to lick and tease Marion's sex now slipping over her moistened lips and stopping at her tight pleasure nub. Marion pushed herself against Julia, grinding her hips so as to force Julia's finger further and deeper into her anal channel. Marion could no longer concentrate on anything apart from the feel of Julia's hands caressing her ass as the finger penetrated her private entrance while Julia's mouth nibbled frantically on her clit. Marion knew she was about to cum and she knew that it would as good as ever. That special feeling rose over Marion and she buried her face in Constance's body, their breasts pressed together as she tried to hide her cries of ecstasy. Marion felt her juices flow, her pussy swell and she squirted streams of cum into Julia's mouth. Julia licked and swallowed, drinking the streams of cum with her own sounds of pleasure. For a moment they stayed glued to one another, too weak to move. Then very slowly, Julia eased her finger from Marion's rectum and laid her head on Marion's thighs with her arms entwined around Marion's legs.

"You are very accomplished Julia," Marion gasped.

"Yes, Constance and I practice all the time," Julia replied and winked at Constance. The two chamber maids giggled and then stood up.

"Will there be anything my lady?" Julia asked.

"No that will be all for now, thank you," Marion sighed as she stretched her sensuous naked body.

The two maids put there smocks on and left the room. Constance whispered to Julia, "Let's bring some fruit to Phillip." Julia nodded her agreement and they headed for the kitchen.

SUMMONED TO THE CASTLE

That night Marion fell asleep thinking about the good anal sex she had with Will Scarlet. It wasn't the best anal sex she ever had but it was more than satisfactory given her disappointment with Robin Hood's performance. Marion had a frightening dream that night that she was buggered right in front of Robin. She was in her courtyard when she was approached by a stranger from behind. The man pulled up her nightgown baring her scrumptious ass.

Marion ran her hands up over her medium firm tits and lightly pinched her nipples. She felt his presence behind her and his breath on her neck. His hands encircled her waist and he hugged her as he kissed her on the side of her neck. Marion trembled in his arms as she felt his erect cock press against her naked buttocks. Then she felt his muscular form move away from her as his hands made their way to her ass. He lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks and lifted them as if he was testing their firmness. Marion then shivered with desire as his hands gently grasped her buttocks.

Marion continued to stare out into space mesmerized by the seduction. He removed her nightgown unveiling her magnificent body and then he planted loving kisses all over her round globes. Marion closed her eyes and clenched her fists as he kissed the flawless skin of her ass. She waited somewhat impatiently in anticipation of his tongue sliding into her crack. Who knew to make love to her ass like that and Marion wondered how it was that he was in her courtyard. Then she felt the long awaited tongue slide into her crack and tickle her anus. She knew it wouldn't be long now until he probed her anus with his tongue and eventually entered her.

As the tongue probed and made love to her bottom, Marion seemed to be far away almost in another land. She looked out the window and saw Robin standing in the courtyard looking at her and yelling to her. Marion then felt the stranger stand up and move closer to her. He gently slid his well oiled cock into her ass and began to fuck her slowly. Marion couldn't believe that she was standing in her courtyard with Robin watching her as a stranger fucked her in the ass. Marion was so charged at that moment that her hand moved to her pussy and she frantically rubbed her clit. Robin continued to yell to her as she was butt fucked and she fingered her pussy. She couldn't make out the words Robin was yelling at her.

Robin then drew his sword and charged at Marion and the stranger. As Robin closed in on them the stranger pulled out of her ass and aimed his massive cock at Robin. The stranger sprayed his cum at Robin knocking him to the ground. Marion watched as the massive cum shot covered Robin's body from head to foot. Marion then orgasmed and drenched her fingers as she watched Richard disappear from view as he was completely covered with cum. Marion screamed with the intensity of her orgasm and then she woke up. 

She was alone in bed with her night gown up to her knees and her fingers stuffed in her pussy. Marion had been dreaming and what a dream it had been. Her body ached from the intensity of the dream and her early morning climax. She decided that she needed to get away from the house that morning. Marion called to her maids and Julia responded. 

"Tell Phillip to saddle my horse, I need to go for a morning ride," Marion directed.

"Yes my lady, right away. Should I pack a breakfast basket for you?" Julia replied.

"No, that won't be necessary, I'll eat when I return," Marion told her.

"Very well, my lady," Julia acknowledged and then left to inform Phillip.

Minutes later Marion mounted her steed and rode out of the courtyard. She still had no idea what brought that dream on and she was still shaken from it. The dream had excited her and she had masturbated in her sleep, something she didn't do much anymore. Marion rode out into the countryside along her favorite trail hoping to clear her mind and relax. Along the way she ran into a number of the Sherriff's men and she tried to ignore them.

"Good morning my lady Marion, the Sherriff has summoned you to the castle. Please come with us," one of them directed.

"I will do no such thing," Marion shouted and tried to turn her horse around.

The Sherriff's men were too quick and they grabbed her reins from her. They then led her to the castle as they had been told. All the way Marion continued to make idle threats to no avail. Thirty minutes later they were riding over the draw bridge into the castle courtyard. There another man took her horse to the stables as Marion was half dragged to into the castle. Her attempts to break free were futile and she was led into the Sherriff's chambers.
