 A fresh layer of snow crunched loudly underneath the bear's paws. Her nose snuffled close to the ground, with black eyes searching. New powder fell to cover old tracks, but the smell was not so easily hidden. The bear chuffed and shook, dislodging snow from its tufted fur, and trudged on. An oak tree ahead spoke just then, groaning in protest under the weight it bore. The bear lumbered over, beneath bare branches to an area where the snow was thinnest, and pressed her face deep into the snow. The frozen earth below went on and on of its layers, sharing a litany of details about the many leaves that had come to rest there, the moss and twigs, and of every foot and paw that had traversed it.

She raised her head and chuffed again, a harsh grunting that cleared the airways and spoke of her displeasure. There was the faintest trace of crushed kotiberry. The bear turned its great head to the east and narrowed its eyes. Kotiberries did not grow on this side of the Jokäiti.

As soon as the bear moved, the oak shuddered, and all of its snow came tumbling down.

The heavier the storm became, the smaller the world around her became. The wind howled, deigning to share only that which she could already see: the breaking of nearby branches and the fury of nature. Everything else may as well not have existed, though the bear knew that things did not cease to exist when she closed her eyes or turned around. 

Still, she could not help but sense something far off. Something so big it did not matter how the storm raged. The feeling had been just at the edge of her perception for weeks now, and she knew the others sensed it as well. Most not as clearly as she did, and a few even more keenly. Right then the pressure of it was on the verge of cracking her bones, and yet she knew nothing of it except that it was coming. 

After a moment the sensation passed, and she took a long look around. She could stay, but the most she was likely to find was more evidence of intruders. On top of that, the snow was coming down more heavily and what little daylight made it through the dense clouds was waning.

The bear moved steadily through the forest. Each tree, rock, and stream greeted her and was a familiar comfort, though the latter she had to be wary of. Her size was enough to break through all but the thickest ice. She knew the places where footing could be trusted, and all the narrowest crossings when getting wet could not be avoided. It was not a quick pace, by any means, but she made the cave by nightfall.

There was no light in the cave, but she knew it well. The twists and bends, and the low spots where the stalactites threatened her head. She did not notice this. Even on the occasions when the cave was well lit, she did not spend much time looking through her own eyes. The path through the cave was a spiritual one as much as physical. Going through the cave as she did now was an upward path, rising steadily.

The cave itself held no power. It was as common as caves came except that it opened on both ends. Its significance was one of location.

Up, up, up, she rose, as she moved along her path. Her head came nearer to the ceiling with every step, though the path neither narrowed nor shrank. She did not notice this, either. Her feet fell with practiced precision across stepping stones and shallow, slow-moving water. All her focus was on the climb.

By the time she turned the final corner her eyes were so adjusted to the dark she had to throw up her hands to shield them from torchlight. Another passed her, nodding as he went deeper into the cave from which she'd just emerged, and it was only then as she looked into the eyes of another human that she realized the change had happened. That she was walking on two legs and not four. That she had hands rather than paws. She had long since lost the habit of patting herself down for reassurance that she wasn't stuck halfway between, but the urge was still there sometimes.

More torches as she neared the mouth at the opposite end of the cave and emerged in decidedly-less severe weather. Her village was sheltered among thick trees and a low hill on three sides, with the opening of the cave in the middle of said hill, and that kept out the worst of the winds. The thick bear hide she wore handled the rest.

A herd of children stampeded past her, squealing at the tops of their lungs, as she came out into the open again. They veered around the furthest tree and raced back, and she could not help but smile. It always helped to have a reminder of the importance of her task. As Elder Hanse had often told her, she was not an island.

The man himself was waiting for her, between two of the larger pines that marked the edge of the village proper, and he fell in beside her as she walked on. In his advanced age he could not move as she did, so she respectfully slowed her pace.

"You found something," he said simply. When she did not respond, he smiled regretfully and nodded. "Near the river?"

"I think there was only one," she replied, "but I cannot say for sure. Less than a day old."

He nodded again. "Dorhain."

"He goes too far. The river has always been—"

"Tyra," the elder said sharply. "There is no always. There is no forever. Let go of these foolish concepts. There is now. Only now."

Tyra bowed her head.

"If Karikai village sent ten of theirs to lay claim to our side of the river, then what?"

"Then we would fight," Tyra said, hesitating only because the answer seemed too obvious. "We rely on the Jokäiti for water... fish... and—"

"And if we could not, we would find those things somewhere else. We would adapt."

Tyra stared down at the hard-packed dirt as they walked. "If we do not defend what is ours, they will never stop taking."

"We are not all so fearsome as you, guardian."

The last word came heavy, weighty with respect, and Tyra took a steadying breath.

"Were it to come to tooth and claw, I have no doubt that you would do everything in your power to protect us, as you have many times, but we also cannot afford to lose any of you. Not now."

"I sensed it too. Earlier." Tyra licked her lips. "Stronger. Made me want to spill my morning stew out onto the snow."

The elder nodded, and placed a hand on her shoulder. "Whatever it is, we will be ready for it. As we always are. And, more importantly, it is not here now."

"Now is all that matters," Tyra said, paraphrasing.

"Someday," he said with a smile, "you will make a fine elder."

They walked in silence for a minute, past the large fire that burned in the center of the village, and Tyra stopped when the elder did. When she turned toward him, she saw several girls hiding in the shadow of one of the huts and pointing at her. Whispering amongst themselves.

"The children stare at me. I am strange to them."

"Do not mind them," he said. "They have heard stories."

"Yes," she said. "Stories of those who walk too long among the Nogai."

"That is not what I meant," he said archly.

Tyra blinked, her expression hardening slightly. "You also do not disagree."

Hanse held her gaze for a moment longer. At a noise, they both turned and looked toward the large hut standing at the end of the path. A youthful man strode proudly out of the hut flanked by two older women. The women were garbed in matching robes, while the man was as naked as the day he was born. Upon seeing Tyra, he grabbed the base of his impressive cock and shook it at her with a sneer.

"That," he said, nodding in their direction, "is what they are talking about. Tonight Elder Annekie felt the spirit of a guardian inside of Naikon."

Tyra gave no outward reaction. It was not her place to question the wisdom of the elders.

"He has made his intentions toward you quite clear."

"Did he now," Tyra said flatly. "We will be fortunate to have him."

"Very diplomatic," Hanse said with a twinkle in his eye. "A fine elder indeed."

She tilted her head after the three that had just passed, adding, "I'm sure that Naikon will be... eager to get the ceremony underway."

Elder Hanse smiled softly and nodded his head as he shuffled off. For a moment, Tyra considered following. Guardians were not required to attend the awakening, but neither were they barred from it. Sidr might be in attendance, she thought, and that gave her a moment of pause.

From there she walked alone, but only in the literal sense. She was among her people, a fact reinforced before she set foot in her hut. Thin smoke rose from the stack above her fireplace. The fire was just starting to take hold of the logs piled above it, and on the table was a loaf of bread and a bowl with cloth draped over it. There would be stew underneath, as there were most nights.

Sometimes the villagers liked it when she thanked them. Some wanted to pretend like they hadn't done any such thing but always with a wink and a smile. At a sound, Tyra turned and looked back over her shoulder. One of the girls from earlier was peering around a tree, and after the briefest eye contact turned and ran away.

There were times, when she was out there, when getting lost in the bear felt like a good idea. To keep walking and never stop. To find some quiet place among the Nogai. Every single time, without fail, she came home to find her hut cleaned, straightened, and warm. To find the roof mended, or the wool in her pillow replaced.

They took care of her as she took care of them, and that made her dreams that much more disturbing.

***

Although the snowfall had lightened during the previous night, it was coming down in large flakes by mid-day, obscuring vision like a bone-white fog. Branches cried out in the distance as they broke under tremendous weight. The bear continued on through the valley, steadily working around her wide circuit. Hers was the largest, ranging the farthest from Thohradin.

She was still hours from completing her first lap when the wind carried a sound to her that would otherwise have been lost to the storm. A sound behind her. The bear did not need to look around, intuitively knowing where she was along her path. Their neighbors to the northwest were few in number and not likely to brave such a storm no matter what. Many from her own village would, but again the distance kept that list to one name.

And then the wind gifted her with a scent. Not Sidr. It lingered in her nostrils before she gave it back to the wind, and in the span of a breath there was naught but the crisp, dry air within her. Whoever it was they were not close, and the bear tried to focus on what was right in front of her rather than what could be or what may.

Focusing on the now proved to be a wise decision, as the bear moved through one of the narrows. In less dire weather, she often reverted and moved through this area on two legs, but the snow was almost prohibitively deep and the wind cut too harshly. Instead, the bear had to navigate her way between a dozen large rocks that stuck up in the middle of a stand of twice that number in ancient pines. The paths between any of them were only just barely large enough for her at all, let alone giving her room to maneuver or see, but the alternatives were treacherous even in the best of conditions.

On a different day, she might have taken a much longer path around the ridge and circled back, but there was urgency in her movements. She was eager to return to the banks of the Jokäiti. The elders could hardly fault her if she happened to be there when the intruder returned, which made her task one of patience; she simply needed to be there when it happened. Patience was not a virtue attributed to her often, but she had no trouble summoning her reserves when necessary.

The headwaters of the Jokäiti were much further to the north, and the water that passed through it only appeared above ground in a few locations before disgorging into the valley right next to where the bear sat in silence, as still as stone. The mountains above were largely impassable except for a few narrow paths, which made the Jokäiti a logical, natural border. Downstream, it carved a low, winding path that stretch beyond their lands entirely.

In between one blink and the next, the bear found herself sitting not at the head of the valley but atop one of the peaks. The one the children called the Crone's Claw, if she wasn't mistaken. It did not disturb her to find herself so high so fast, or so unexpectedly, and though the wind was fearsome it was not the cause of the chill in her bones. She stood, rearing up on her hind legs, and stared into the north. Toward lands that defied taming, where the Nogai were wild and unpredictable. Night had fallen behind her, but the true dark was right at the northernmost horizon.

A soft sound brought the bear back to wakefulness. The dream dissolved, fading from her memory like snow over the flame. The other was behind her and, once detected, ceased attempting a stealthy approach. A gray wolf leaped into view.

And then paused.

The pause lasted only a breath, but within that miniscule span of time the balance of the moment completely shifted. The bear stood, black eyes piercing, and roared. The wolf took a half step back, and the bear another forward.

With teeth bared, the wolf dove in, crossing a few arm lengths in one bound, and was knocked sideways with one broad swipe of her forepaw. The wolf rolled onto his feet, but his eyes were slow to refocus on her.

The bear turned, taking a few steps away and thinking the matter settled. As soon as her back was turned the wolf leapt again, and again she batted him aside like small toy. This time the wolf did not land so gracefully, sliding in the snow on its side. This time the bear did not turn away and instead moved closer, snarling, and it was only when the two were close that the difference in their size was truly apparent.

Even on all fours the bear towered over the beaten gray wolf. It was hard not to wonder how many wolves his size it would take to match her. Ten? More? The wolf cringed when she leaned in closer, finally having come to the conclusion she had at first glance. The great bear gave one last snort and then turned to continue her route. The idea of staying had lost its appeal.

Before she reached the treeline to the south, there was movement behind her. The wrong kind of movement. Not the slinking, slouching retreat of a beaten would-be opponent, but the stiff, quick crunch of paws at a run. She turned, looking behind herself, and bristled with rage.

Another wolf, much larger than the first, with fur as black as the night sky, had the smaller gray wolf's neck in its jaws. It growled, a deep rumbling affair, and tossed the pitiful thing with a sharp jerk of its head. The smaller wolf bounced off a tree and scurried away, limping and yelping until she could neither see nor hear it.

The black wolf watched it go, gave a shake of its massive body, and moved to leave until the bear started charging. Where the first gray wolf had been diminutive by comparison, the black was of near the same size as the great brown bear at least in height. Its build was more rangy and lean, giving up nearly fifty stone in body weight, but what it lacked in size it made up for in speed.

It danced out of the way as the bear came crashing forward, felling a spruce sapling in her wake. The black wolf made to leave again, turning his back to her, and the bear charged again. This time the wolf met her mid-air as the two enormous animals crashed into each other. For a time, it was the storm who was awed by their fury.

Back and forth they warred, gaining and losing ground as they fought. Drops of red dotted the surface of the snow wherever there weren't great, streaking smears. None but the Nogai dared to watch for fear of getting caught in the thresher.

Eventually, as the snow continued to fall and the evidence of their frantic melee faded from sight, so too did the fire that drove it. Night was closing in by the time Tyra clawed her way into a small nearby cave on all fours, bloodied and beaten, while the wolf followed close behind. She did not look back at him, but instead braced herself as he came to claim his prize. His teeth sank into her shoulder, drawing new blood from a fresh wound, and she cried out as he entered her. It was rough, and it hurt almost as much as it made her want to weep with joy.

Most of the deeper cuts were healing, long past bleeding, but it still stung every time she moved. She cried out with every thrust, sometimes in agony but always in ecstasy. No one touched her like he did. No one stoked her like he did. Even when she was furious with him, she still often found herself willingly bent over in front of him. Blood pumped under her skin, and an itch in her core ached to be scratched. There was only one who could do that.

The itch was everpresent, but she did not give in to it. She saw it as weakness in her flesh, and did her best to deny it. She fought it with all her strength, as she fought him every time, and only when he conquered her could she accept the way it made her feel. Only then could she let the tears flow, as the intensity of it broke her down.

His hand curled around hers, fingers interlacing as his body molded to her. Thighs against her thighs. Muscled, hair-covered chest against her scarred back. His teeth were at her ear, and no power in the land could stop her from grinding into him to reach just a little further. To take him just a little deeper. To feel as much of him touching as much of her as she could manage.

That fed a need too, but it did not sate her. Or him. Before long he was up on his knees while she remained bent forward, and the ritual began in earnest. Each thrust as ferocious as any blow struck in the snow. She gave in to the animal, nails furrowing the hard, cold earth, and the storm swallowed their cries.

***

The wind howled at her, racing so fiercely that it was hard to keep her eyes open, but she didn't dare look away. She knew the end would come if she so much as glanced aside. It crept around the edge of sight, tempting her with its chittering call, but still she looked ahead. Into the dark. It pulled at her, tearing through her thick hide, and despite the chill she began to sweat. More and more, until—

Tyra bolted upright, gasping and panting. Her heavy bearskin cloak was draped over her like a blanket. The storm had settled outside and though snow still fell, it was a gentle layering. A fire burned low a few feet away, and once her eyes adjusted to the light she saw Sidr sitting beside it, smiling softly.

"Thank you," she said curtly, as she twisted and stretched. New scars adorned her arms and shoulders, and if the stinging on her back was any indication some there as well.

The taller man gave an unsurprised smile and gestured to his right. "The fire is warm," he said. "Come." He had quite a few new scars as well, including one that ran along his cheek very near to his eye.

Tyra shook her head as she stood, and though he was respectful about it he still took a long look at her nude form.

"I have many leagues yet to walk today." After looking around for a moment, she found where he'd discarded her tunic and slid it over her head. The hide made her nerves sing wherever it came in contact with fresh wounds, but she kept her expression neutral. "Another time."

She moved to the edge of the small cave and looked out. She wanted to leave, knew it would be better to simply leave, and yet...

"Were you following me?"

Sidr looked up at her. He was far more skilled at masking his emotions than she. Eventually, after several moments, he said, "I was following Naikon."

The distinction was lost on her. "You didn't trust me to be able to look out for myself."

"I did not trust Naikon," he reiterated, "and with good reason. He had no right to—"
