 1

The ocean waves glistened beneath the evening sun, as a Mariposan motorgalleon ploughed onward into the horizon. On the ship's deck, a young woman was bent forwards, with both her hands clasped on to the moss-green bow rail. She was completely naked, but for a silver charm bracelet on each of her wrists. Her face, which was half-covered by her long sun-blanched hair, was screwed tight in an anguished expression, and low whining sounds were floating out from between her soft sullen lips. "Oh yes! Oh baby, yes!" 

Her long frame jerked backwards and forwards, causing her enormous bare breasts to jerk in wild arcs from her collar to her stomach. Wrapped around her narrow waist was the thick, sinewy arm of her lover, Grabadash The Sturdy, whose tremendous fat cock was at that moment rocketing in and out of her wet womanhood. "Ooh, fuck me!" she screamed.

Grabadash, whose colossal frame almost entirely sheltered the young woman from the sun, stooped his head so that he could mutter words into her ear. "No matter how many times I pound that little pussy of yours..." he gritted his teeth, "oh my god, you're still so damn tight." His voice was a deep, resonant war-torn bark, which made even the most extravagant words sound unholy and animalistic. Hearing him speak made the woman's breath flutter and shiver with desire, no matter how many times she heard it.

Just then, Grabadash placed his gigantic palms on the rear of her thighs, and hauled her body up off the deck. In turn, she ran her hands across his hard biceps, in an attempt to keep herself from falling forwards. He titled his body backwards, and squatted slightly. Those bulging veins that snaked along his wrists began to throb, as his arms bore her weight. 

Cradled in his mighty frame, her body swung up and down like a ragdoll, as he fucked her from behind. The woman felt his tough hide grind against her soft supple flesh. She loved the feeling of being entwined in his arms. She craned back her neck and rode that feeling of wild abandon, drunk on the raw hot power of his ruthless manhood. "Oh, it feels so good," she whinnied. She thought it a testament to the abnormal size and strength of Grabadash's cock that he was able to fuck her so well in this impossible position. It seemed as though almost all of her bodyweight was resting on the walloping member that was impaled within her.

"Oh Fluttercup," Grabadash growled, "you always were my own little private fuck machine." 

"Oh baby," she whimpered again, "you're a beast." In response, he let out an ear splitting lion-like roar, which at first made her flinch. Then she chuckled happily. "I... loveyou... so... much," she managed to say between thrusts. 

Fluttercup squealed and panted into the evening sea air. Her breaths became quicker and shallower, and then her feet began to kick wildly left and right, as she screamed and screamed and came again. Still he kept ploughing and ploughing into her, as she sat sedately on his soaring cock.

He lifted her up, off his long shaft, and then set her tired, defeated body down onto the deck, where she knelt feebly at his feet. It looked to Fluttercup as though every inch of Grabadash's huge strapping body was pulsating with apprehension. His teeth were gritted, and his head rocked up-and-down with every breath. His rippling torso, like heaps of jagged power, looked like it was ready to detonate. 

"So sweetie, are you ready for some cum?" he seethed. She grinned at him weakly, and nodded her head. 

Grabadash took his cock steadfastly in his right hand, and began to tug and stroke firmly at his thick monstrous meat. He ran his thick clunky fist all the way down and up his shaft, aided by Fluttercup's warm juices. 

She lifted her soft thin face, so that it was aligned with the angle of her lover's gargantuan phallus. She tilted her head back, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, looking on him mischievously from under her long dark lashes. Fluttercup jutted out her enormous breasts, so that they would catch as much of his seed as possible.

Grabadash's demeanor grew increasingly heated, as he grinded his teeth behind his long pale moustache. He appeared to be angrily muttering something under his breath. She lowered her jaw, and let her pink tongue touch the tip of his dick. She flicked the tip of her tongue up and down in rapid fire. 

He exploded then. His thick white cum crossed Fluttercup's face in line after vertical line, gathering in gloopy pools around her nose, and sticking to her messy dark-blonde locks. He kept pumping, letting out a deep guttural roar that rattled on for several seconds. She was covered in hot velvety lashings of his semen now. It poured and splattered into her mouth and down her bounteous chest. She giggled, allowing more of his foul cream to shoot down her throat, stealing glances at her lover through her half-closed eyes.

When Grabadash was finally spent, he staggered backwards, and collapsed purposefully onto the deck. He lay on his back, propping his head up with his hands so that he could watch his young lover swallow his seed. Fluttercup did so, scooping up that frosting by the palmful, and slurping it down. She took her breasts in her hands, and heaved them up towards her mouth, so she could lick them clean. This seemed to please Grabadash, as a big toothy grin broke out across his roguish furrowed face. 

"My, my," he said, impressed, "every last drop." His smile appeared broken and crooked these days. The finest genetic engineering in the world couldn't prevent him from breaking the occasional tooth during decades of combat and adventure. 

Fluttercup smiled at him warmly, and crawled over to where he lay. She rolled over on her back, and lay beside him on the warm hardwood deck. Her long, soft legs were draped lazily across the deck; one bent, one straight. Her body throbbed with all the sweet soreness that followed sex with her ludicrously well-endowed master. "Oh my god, sugar. That was amazing," she said. 

"It was rather good, wasn't it?" he replied, lying with his hands behind his head, as the two of them drifted alone across the ocean. 

Fluttercup positioned herself in the pit of his thick, burly right arm. One of her arms was absent-mindedly folded against her enormous breasts, while she pleasurably grazed the other hand across her thigh. Her head was turned contentedly towards his. "My whole body is so relaxed and tingly," she said.

"Tingly, huh?" he replied.

She ran her fingers up his big buckled stomach muscles, and across the bulbous expanse of his chest. "I love you so much, baby," she said.

"Ah baby, you're just wonderful," said Grabadash, with a spark in his heavy-lidded blue eyes, "I can't wait to spend the rest of my life fucking you."

"Oooh gee baby, I can't wait either."

"Well we won't have to wait much longer. We'll be at the coast by tomorrow morning. Then we should be home by noon."

"Oh wow! All the things you've told me about your castle..." her brown eyes glistening hopefully. "I can't believe that tomorrow night we'll be sleeping in it."

"Think of it as our castle, sweetie. And sleeping isn't all we'll be doing tomorrow night."

Fluttercup laughed, her face opening into an elliptical display of pearly white teeth. 

"There'll be no more running, no more fighting, no more sleeping out in the wind." He continued, "It'll just be you and I alone in our big castle, fucking like a couple of wild wolpertingers." 

With that, he snatched hold of Fluttercup, and rolled her naked body on to his, so that they were face-to-face, with her big plentiful breasts pushed against his hard chest muscles, and the soft point of her chin resting against his long, wispy beard. They melted into each other's arms, she on top of him. Their bodies were damp with sweat and semen and sea salt. 

The sun was setting now, and the skies had turned a kind of dark red.

"You promise?" she asked him tenderly, running her hands through his knotty platinum-white hair. 

"Oh yes," he said, "I promise."

2

As Fluttercup and Grabadash slept through the humid night, the vessel's engines made the incremental adjustments that carried them closer to their destination. When the dawn sunlight roused their two entangled naked bodies, the Albiorean coastline had already come into view. 

Fluttercup was the first to spot land. She rapped a delicate fist on Grabadash's granite-like chest, and yelled "We're here, baby, we're here." They rose excitedly, and got dressed.

Grabadash pulled on a big battered loincloth, which he secured around his waist with a rustic Albiorean utility belt. A machete also sat in a sheath at his waist. The loincloth was not much use at protecting his body from the elements, leaving his lower legs and his hulking upper body completely bare, yet it allowed him full freedom of movement if he and Fluttercup had to move quickly. Or if he had to fight someone. 

A rusty crown also sat upon his head. Grabadash had taken the crown from the head of a dead Patusani general, and now held it in place with a dark blue bandana. As well as being a memento from his longest and most recent tour of duty, the crown reminded him of some of the old regalia he'd missed in the many years he'd been away fighting. Grabadash felt he was almost a different man now; wilder, more feral. At least that was how he looked.

Fluttercup put on a short Tropidorian riding cloak, which was adorned with pale blue jewels, and had an olive and brown diamond pattern that matched the color of her hair, her eyes, and her creamy summer tan. It was the kind of cloak that covered the shoulders of the wearer, but left her arms, her waist and the lower expanses of her gigantic breasts exposed. Fluttercup also put on a tiny matching skirt, and a pair of leather hiking boots that Grabadash had made for her a year ago. He too wore a pair of handcrafted boots, though they were several sizes bigger than Fluttercup's.

The two lovers stood by the port rail, Fluttercup's statuesque frame looking absolutely petite next to Grabadash's gargantuan form. Her messy dark-blonde hair cascaded in the wind, like a kind of ceremonial flag. So too did Grabadash's equally long hair and his long thin beard. Both of which were almost white in color, due to his Hypernorscan ancestry.

Grabadash embraced Fluttercup with his right arm, and steadied himself by holding on to a mossy shroud rope with his left hand. She leant back against him, and laid her right arm across his. Together the two of them gazed out to sea, and watched the shoreline grow gradually closer, both of them luxuriating in each other's closeness.

A gleam of gratitude flashed through Grabadash's memory when he thought about the tribe who had gifted the motorgalleon to he and Fluttercup. After spending more than a decade voyaging over miles of rotten war-torn wasteland, the two of them had finally managed to get hold of transportation up in Mariposa. Still, Grabadash pondered, giving him a ship was the least the Mariposans could do to repay him, considering he had almost single-handedly liberated an entire town from the Patusanis.

Now he thought that maybe he should have also asked the tribal elders to officiate a wedding ceremony for he and Fluttercup. Though the tribe's religions were more than a little bit primitive, and they held almost no influence in the Impérium, a Maripson wedding was still better than no wedding at all, and the ceremony might have given them both some kind of domestic structure for their long life of isolation together. They could have entered his homestead as man and wife, rather than as master and concubine.

Grabadash tried not to have any room in his life for regret. A warrior could spend his whole regretting things. That counted double for a warrior who'd had such a long and eventful career as his.

Taking the controls, Grabadash manually steered them along the coastline. By noon, he'd found the inlet his family once vainly referred to as 'Grabadash Bay'. The tide was in, which meant he could sail the motorgalleon right up to the shoreline, without them needing to trudge over yards of wet sand. Once docked, Grabadash tied the motorgalleon to the jetty. 

On board the boat, there was a hardwood trunk with a thick wooden handle. It was another gift from the grateful Mariposans. Grabadash and Fluttercup had filled it with the few meagre possessions they had accrued in their long journey: trinkets, food, a few clothes, weapons. Grabadash threw the rope handle over his shoulder, and carried the trunk on his brawny back as if it was a knapsack. 

Then he and Fluttercup began their hike to the homestead he had vacated so many years ago. In the time that he had been away, the country paths surrounding his castle had become overrun with wild plants and vines. With his free hand, Grabadash took his Palombian machete from his sheath. Moving by memory alone, he hacked his way through the overgrown woodlands, clearing a path to where the castle's entrance should have been, and leaving all manner of fallen vine and sapling in his wake. 

Fluttercup followed close behind him. After a few minutes, the castle's steel drawbridge and wrought iron fence came into view. She looked up at the ornate castle walls with wide, expectant eyes. "Ooh, it's even more beautiful than you described" she gleamed. Set against dark green banks of stark brushwood, the majestic stone dwelling, with its rustic stonework and its many sandy-gray turrets, immediately filled her with awe.

Grabadash put his machete back into its sheath. "First" he said, taking Fluttercup by her dainty hand, "we'll see if we can rustle up something to eat. Then, we'll take a good long shower together." Fluttercup titled back her head, and her butterfly-shaped lips opened up into an excited smile. 

"Right now," continued Grabadash, "I'll just need to connect with my Servo, so we can get inside." In the thick humid morning, the two of them walked up to the drawbridge door, where a display screen on the castle wall flickered to life. A cartoon face made up of two dotted eyes and a semi-circle mouth appeared on the screen. It began to speak with a delicate, synthetic-sounding male voice. "You are Grabadash The Sturdy, lord of Castle Grabadash?" it inquired.

"Yes, Servo. It's me alright. I have returned."

"This is unexpected news," said Servo, "Grabadash the Sturdy was believed to have been killed thirteen years ago at the Battle of Greenbluff."

"What?" said Grabadash, "I didn't die there. I made it out of Greenbluff alive."

"Nobody survived the Battle of Greenbluff, master. The entire city was destroyed."

"Listen, you solar-powered jerk," yelled Grabadash, "this is Lady Fluttercup of Greenbluff, my concubine and traveling companion. She and I survived the Battle of Greenbluff. Neither of us is dead, you understand? Now let down the drawbridge."

"Yes, master," said Servo, "but first I must warn you; when The Impérium believed you to be dead, they took temporary posession of Castle Grabadash."

"Why?" yelled Grabadash, "What for?"

"The Impérium used the castle as a boarding school for evacuated children."

"A boarding school?" said Grabadash, exasperated, "surely it's not still being used as a boarding school, is it?"

The cartoon face looked at them blankly. It looked to Grabadash as though the screen had completely frozen. After a couple of moments, the drawbridge began to lower. "Please enter the grounds of Castle Grabadash," said Servo.

Grabadash and Fluttercup crossed the moat, with Fluttercup clinging tight to Grabadash's thick gristly arm. "What's going to happen, baby?" she asked.

"Don't worry," he said, "we will figure this out." 

The drawbridge closed behind them. Fluttercup looked up at the gray stone spires of her lover's castle, and felt a twinge of unease run through her body. She'd seen some strange and scary sights during her years traveling with Grabadash, but she hoped that they were finally at an end now that he had finally bought her back to his homestead. 

At the door, another display screen showed the same cartoon face. "Servo, what's going on?" demanded Grabadash. "Don't tell me I'll have to kick an entire school faculty out of my home."

"No, master," said Servo. "Not an entire faculty. Mrs. Flootsnoot, the schoolmistress, has been missing, presumed dead, for the past nine years."

"Okay. Then tell me, who exactly is squatting in my castle right now?"

"The two pupils are still here," said Servo. "They were sent here from the mainland to escape the fighting during the Silver Crusade. I'm afraid nobody has returned to collect them yet."

The cartoon face disappeared, and was replaced by two monochrome photographs of two young women. The images were too grainy for Grabadash or Fluttercup to properly make out. Underneath the left image, it said 'Name: Tigerlilly Eden, Age: Eighteen, Nationality: Albiorean'. Beneath the right image, it said 'Name: Madame Belle-Miyu, Age: Eighteen, Nationality: Genovian'.

"Well just tell them they have to leave, okay?" said Grabadash. "Because Grabadash of Castle Grabadash has come home!"

Servo's cartoon face reappeared, and performed a corny 'thinking' routine. There was a buzzing noise as the front door unlocked. "Please enter Castle Grabadash," said Servo.

Fluttercup looked at Grabadash with uncertainty in her cow-brown eyes. "Get behind me, sweetie," Grabadash said to her. Fluttercup complied. They entered the ancient hallway, with its velvet drapes and its many framed portraits of minor royals and long-dead family members. It was just as Grabadash remembered it. And there was no one to be seen. He kept one hand pressed against the handle of his machete, just in case.

Suddenly, a young woman with messy red hair was running down the staircase. She appeared to be wearing a tattered child's t-shirt and a pair of skin-tight pale blue pants. The shirt was a collection of red and white horizontal stripes. It was far too small, and only covered the top half of the woman's arms and torso. As she ran down the stairs, her big bountiful breasts wobbled up and down magnificently beneath the cloth. 

"Is it true what Servo said?" said the girl, excitedly. "You're Grabadash? Grabadash The Sturdy? Shit, we thought you were dead!" She was at the bottom of the stairs now, and held out her hand for Grabadash to shake.

He shook it. Her skin felt so soft in his big ragged palms. "It's true," he said, "I'm Grabadash the Sturdy."

"I'm Tigerlilly," she said. "I read all about you. You're like my fuckin' hero, man!"

"Well thank you, young lady," he said, unsure of what else to say. Fluttercup came out from behind Grabadash's giant frame.

"Oh hey, who's this?" asked Tigerlilly.

"I'm Lady Fluttercup of Greenbluff" said Fluttercup grandly, "paramour to Grabadash the Sturdy."

"Well you're real pretty, lady," said Tigerlilly. She then surprised Fluttercup by throwing her arms around her in a big bear hug. Grabadash found the sight of two giant-breasted women attempting to hug one another slightly comical. But also, he admitted to himself, very arousing. 

He found himself picturing Tigerlilly's breasts in a variety of situations. How would they look bouncing up and down at the pique of sexual ecstasy? What would they feel like wrapped around his hard cock? Grabadash was now very aware of the fact that both he and Fluttercup still stunk of sex.

"I'm sure I'm gonna love living with you both," said Tigerlilly.

Grabadash lowered the Mariposan trunk to the floor. "About that..." he said, clearing his throat to say something important.

Just then, another young woman came down the staircase. She was also large-breasted, though not to the extent of Fluttercup or Tigerlilly. She had big brown eyes, long dark hair, and faintly olive skin. The girl was wearing a black dress that was, like Tigerlilly's t-shirt, several sizes too small for her, so that its intended waistline was halfway up the girl's stomach, and the hemline barely covered her crotch. "Is him?" the girl asked Tigerlilly, with some kind of accent Grabadash could not place.
