 Note: Set in the same fantasy setting as the orcs story. Atto section involves an orc and her friend, pretty standard stuff. Zazi section involves piss drinking and degradation and is kinda weird. All anal as usual. 

Partly based on the Zazi animations by noname55 and partly on the dumpster scene in a literotica story called Heaven by sex4every1 which I really liked. 

~ 

The Iron Wolves stopped for the night, smoothly going through the motions of setting up camp like a well-oiled machine. Soon enough, fires were started and the cooks began preparing the evening meals while the soldiery unburdened themselves and relaxed from a day of hard marching. 

Like every night, the orc women in the company found themselves the center of attention for most of the male species that made up the mercenaries. Humans, elves, trolls, Animalia and more moved to claim a free orc for themselves as quickly as they could, before they had all been taken. All across the camp, the orc women found the smaller species clinging to their rear ends as they busied themselves. 

Around one campfire, dozens of orc women were arrayed. Some were sitting atop their males, others with their faces in the dirt and arses in the air, all helping their companions to unwind as only orcish women could. The Iron Wolves were an unusually tight knit mercenary group, with the soldiers making it up closer and more loyal to one another than sell swords usually were. 

One of the orc women began playfully teasing the human inside her arse. "Hey Klei, you in yet? I can't tell. Maybe we oughta switch places?" 

The other mercenaries laughed at the routine ribbing and Klei redoubled his efforts to break the orcs arse. One of the veterans sighed and called out to him. "When are you ever going to learn son? That ain't ever going to work on them." 

But Klei ignored the older man and did his best to try get a reaction out of the orc woman he liked. 

"I think that human likes her," one of the watching orcs said, her face pressed into the dirt. 

Her neighbor, in much the same position nodded as much as she could. "I doubt Klei will ever notice that though, dense as she is. I bet she hasn't even realized it's the same one in her night after night." 

The two shared a knowing look at their companion's ignorance before the men using them stepped on their heads and pressed down more of their weight, preventing the two from talking any more. 

Some orcs simply held their cheeks open and laid flat on the ground while a line of men took turns inside their rears, unbothered as they were by the extra duties the company assigned them if it meant helping their companions de-stress. Some just ignored the men rutting behind them and focused on maintaining their gear or going about their business. Others japed and drank with their men, intent on simply having a good time. 

~ Atto 

Atto laughed raucously at the war story her human Kane was telling, spilling her ale partly over herself and him. 

Kane on the other hand loved making Atto laugh when she rode him because of the way it made her tighten her muscles around his prick. 

"Those were his dying words?" Atto laughed again. "Hahaha, fucking twigs," she said as she continued bouncing her arse on Kane's cock, always taking it from tip to stem with every bounce. 

"I swear! It's true!" 

Atto shook her head. "Ahhh, by the way, how's she feel today?" she said, gesturing down. "A couple wolven got to me first and tore me up good before you found me." 

"You still feel tight as ever, but Gods only know how you green whore." 

"Haha, orc women are just built better than you humans, we don't break after one go babycock." 

Others might have taken offense at the words, but these two were close and were used to the other's coarse ways. 

Kane reached his hand under the larger woman's leather armor and grabbed a handful of her breast. He squeezed hard, enjoying the way the massive, soft mound of flesh gave way to his fingers. They were so large that they could truly be pillows, and in fact he'd fallen asleep on them many times already. 

Atto shook her head. "There's a reason why so many of my kind call you babies. I'll never understand your kind's obsession with these things. They're meant to feed our babes, no more, no less." 

"And I'll never understand orc men," Kane said, reaching his other hand underneath. 

Atto rolled her eyes but unbuckled her armor and let the smaller human maul her breasts so roughly she almost complained, almost. 

Eventually, after much drinking and joking did the orc finally feel the human spray his seed inside her. Atto found she felt strangely attached to the human, even as odd as his kind were and had been humoring the request he made long ago. She wasn't sure why he was so fond of the act but didn't question it overmuch. She simply held her mug under her arse as she stood up and squeezed his seed out. When she finally felt no more pour from her, she in turn poured the drink into her mouth from above so that the human could watch and gulped it down loudly. 

Kane watched with glee no matter how many times she drank his seed for him. Atto found the human's interests odd but couldn't help but admit she found him and his constant attention endearing. 

That's one down she thought to herself. She and Kane went off to find Eva for the rest. Atto held onto Kane's hand as she always did when the two walked together while not on duty, her leading the way and Kane trailing slightly behind with his hand buried in her arse and fingers flexing and digging into her. Atto liked that, she knew that to the human, the gesture didn't mean the same thing, but in orc culture, it was akin to holding hands. To her, it almost felt as if the two were a couple. She remembered blushing so badly the first time he'd asked to put his hand in there, the other orcs teased her relentlessly for it. 

The two eventually found Eve. She was a human raised orc and was even fonder of the humans than Atto was. The two found her in her usual spot, flat on her stomach on the ground with a line of men still waiting their turns behind her. The two patiently waited around for the last of the men to finish while a crowd gathered around. It was always the way the company finished the night, with a celebratory drink for whichever woman drew the short straw, which was Atto that night. 

Eva had been busy all night storing the seed of nearly a hundred men in her arse and by then was practically full to bursting. 

Atto pulled the woman up by her waist and sat her down on her knees. She saw that the woman had had a rough night. The men had fucked her into the dirt and the coarse stone on the ground had scraped the other orc woman's face, chest, stomach and breasts bloody. Thin pinpricks of blood leaked from the woman as she was pulled up. But instead of despair or outrage, her face showed nothing except satisfaction at the rough treatment. 

"Evening Eve, having fun are we?" 

"Mmmmmm," Eve replied, her voice still hazy with lust. 

Atto chuffed at the other orc. She always was a weird one and much too fond of the humans, but then again, who am I to judge Atto thought, giving Kane a glance. 

A moment later a veritable flood of semen from a dozen different races poured from Eve's arsehole and quickly filled the mug Atto still held almost to the brim with off-white liquid. Eve really had had a rough night. When the flow slowed to nothing, silence overtook the camp for a moment before a slow chant began. 'Drink, drink, drink' the men and woman said in unison. 

Even considering the drink's disgusting contents, Atto didn't mind much nor did the other orc women, it was mostly the non-orc mercenaries that proved a little squeamish when it came to the nightly drinks. Atto actually thought it didn't taste all that bad all things considered. She brought the frothy mug to her lips and tilted it back, gulping down massive mouthfuls of semen, semen kept warm by Eva's arshole. 

It took nearly a minute of long pulls before she'd finally polished off the whole mug and slammed it down. Atto wiped her mouth with the back of her sleeve and smiled proudly at her fellow mercenaries. 

"You call that a drink? I could go for seconds," she boasted. 

She regretted the boast a little not long after since her fellow orcs started coming up to her and offering her the anal creampies they'd received that night, keen to offload their duties to another. But Atto was never one to back down. 

~ Zazi 

Zazi awoke groggily, the aftermath of the last night refusing to leave her. The troll veteran swore to herself for the fifth time that week she wouldn't drink so much the next time. She rolled over onto her back and tried to piece together the last night but failed miserably, her head pounded far too fiercely to think properly. 

She opened her eyes warily and finally noticed where she was. The men had tossed her into the pigsty yet again after they'd finished with her, as near as she could tell. Zazi looked down at her body and saw her blue skin was caked with mud, semen and more but she was too hung over to care much. As she tried to get up, she felt a stirring, vibrating sensation deep in her stomach and rolled her eyes. 

The men had plugged her again. Though if she were being honest with herself, it was better this way, she even encouraged it since it was so much better than when they just left her in there. A few times before the plugs she'd woken up and found that the pigs had been rutting her arse the whole night, that had always been an annoying way to start the day. 

The way the other mercenaries piled on humiliation after humiliation should have incensed any ordinary woman into a rage, but troll women, much like orcs, came from a far harsher culture with looser concerns about the treatment of women. But whereas greenskin apathy toward sex came from the need to prove strength, for troll women, it was a biological imperative to provide for men. As soon as troll girls became women, they were expected to do their duties for the men, it was as natural as rain or the seasons for their species. So, if anything, Zazi felt the humans she was with were downright gentlemanly by comparison to the troll men she'd known in her youth. 

Zazi sighed. She had never expected this kind of attention when she signed up with the Iron Wolves. After all, the women of her race weren't considered the fairest of the mortal species. But apparently Zazi was something of an outlier, something she hadn't realized until she began mingling with humans and their cousins. She was apparently very 'pretty' by their standards if the men were being truthful. In any case, she ended up with as many obligations as the orcs. 

Zazi stood up and reached back, gripped the base of the plug and pulled it out swiftly, making her arsehole pop wetly as the all night seal was broken. It wasn't much of a plug though since it was far too long to be one. Instead of a short, flared cone, the toy the men had put into her reached deep inside her guts and looked nearly 15 inches long when it flopped out. Zazi cursed the drinks again, they always made her boast. Soon after she felt a flood of liquid pour out of her and flow down her thigh. Looking down she was relieved to see it was off-white. Good, just cum. It could have been worse she mused. It wasn't the first time she appreciated the rapid regeneration her troll heritage gave her; most wounds would heal quickly and nothing less than acid or fire would truly harm her much. 

When nothing else followed last night's anal creampies, she reached a slim hand into her arse and dug around for the toys she knew the men had stuck in her. She had to reach in, past her wrist before she finally found one of them. Though it was so slippery with her own juices that she struggled to get a grip several times. When she finally managed to take out the toy, she was unsurprised to see it was one of Jan's. 

Bloody human she complained. Jan always liked sticking his silly gadgets inside her, and these new vibrating balls were no exception. But even after she'd taken out the toy, she still felt vibrations inside; there were more yet. Zazi spent the next few minutes trying her hardest to remove the toys Jan had so carelessly shoved deep into her but no matter how deep she reached into herself or how hard she pushed, she only managed to take out three more of the mandarin sized toys. But that wasn't all of them, she still felt more of them vibrating deep inside her guts. 

Cursing drink and Jan one final time, Zazi gave up and decided to just let them sit inside her, what harm could they do after all? 

Zazi made her way towards the showers where she could wash off her filth and clear her head. She paid little mind to the jeers and laughter that came her way as she walked through camp in the nude. She couldn't be bothered dealing with the prudish races. 

Zazi stepped under the shower head and let the cold water run over her head and face. The water did its work and her head finally began to clear, pieces of the last night came back. 

The first thing she remembered was the way some of the men smiled as they handed her a pint. 

~ 

Zazi eyed the pint warily but it looked the same as the last dozen she'd had so she paid them no mind when she began gulping it down. It wasn't until she slammed the stein down did the men begin hollering with laughter and she finally noticed the warmth and taste were different to her last pint. 

One of the men slapped another on the back. "Didn't I tell ye she wouldn't notice no difference? The swill they serve 'ere really is the same as piss haha!" 

Zazi turned her head and found several men huddled around another stein, pissing into it and overflowing it with their urine. She looked back and forth between them and her drink several times before it sank in. 

Zazi felt like she should be upset, but the man had been right, she really hadn't noticed much of a difference, if anything their piss had tasted better than what passed for beer in the camp. Or maybe that was just because she was so utterly drunk that she couldn't taste a difference. In any case, Zazi shrugged and took another pull from her stein, finishing off the last of it. 

The men around her quieted down and stared at her wide-eyed. 

"Yer want another one of them girlie?" one of the soldiers asked nastily. 

Zazi shrugged and lazily nodded. The stein the men had been pissing into was passed along to her and she began gulping it down absentmindedly. Partly from muscle memory and still wanting something to drink, partly because she just didn't mind and liked the attention in the moment. 

After that, all bets were off and the men clamored to mistreat the blue skinned woman. Stein after stein was handed to Zazi and she powered through nearly half a dozen. Soon after, the steins were abandoned all together and the men pissed into her mouth directly. Zazi found herself just going with the men's suggestions, not offering any resistance as they degraded her. She simply took the offered cocks into her mouth and drank deeply as they let loose into her mouth, impressively managing to keep up with the flow and downing it all, gulping as they filled her mouth with urine. 

Even when all the men wanting to use her as a toilet had been exhausted, Zazi still felt thirsty and went to get more drinks, proper beer this time. The piss might have tasted better but it didn't give her a buzz. Zazi asked the barman to put the drinks on her tab and that she'd pay next week when her pay came in. But she had said much the same thing too many times in the past for the man to believe her. 

"Awww come on, what more d'you want from me Eori?" Zazi slurred, her head lolling at the bar counter top. "Already told'ya, you could use m'arse all you want." 

"Not good enough," Eori said, shaking his head. "Already got a camp full o' orcs for that, gonna have to do better." 

Zazi threw up her hands. "What more d'you want?" 

The barman folded his thick set arms and hummed in thought. "Tell you what, Senna's on leave so I've been short a barmaid. How about ye take her place for a while to pay off yer debt?" 

Zazi nodded, barely even hearing what Eori had said but knowing it meant more beer. "Jus tell me wha' I've gotta do." 

"After duty, you'll come round 'ere and serve the men, drink an' holes both y'hear? And I better not catch ye complainin' if any o' the lads rough ye up a bit." 

"I won't," Zazi replied, shaking her head side to side. "H'muchs the pay?" 

"Pay? Don't make me laugh lass, ye owe me remember? Yer not getting one copper until your tabs paid off in full, so I'll be expectin' a full month o' work." 

"Fine, fine," Zazi slurred. "Can I drink while workin'?" 

Eori grumbled. "Long as ye can do yer job, why not." 

"Is'settled then. Now get me a drink." 

Eori grumbled again but moved to bring Zazi her drink. "That's being added to yer debt ye know?" 

Zazi nodded as she tilted the stein back and drank. 

"Get yer arse over here, I might as well have a go with ye since the lads are done with ye." 

Zazi brought the cup down briefly to speak. "Thought y'said y'had a camp full o' orcs f'that?" 

"And now I've got a troll too." 

Zazi shrugged, realizing she didn't have much of a choice. She moved round to Eori's side of the bar, pulled down her tight breeches and spread her legs so he could get at her. The barman wasted no time spearing himself into the troll's arse, getting no more than a grunt from her. 

The men might have liked Zazi because she was pretty by their standards, but there was more to it than that. One of the reasons the men liked her so much was thanks to her troll regeneration, she always felt virgin tight no matter what they did to her. The other was that troll biology was a fair bit more robust than humans, her arse wasn't just a ring of muscle at the entrance, it went all the way through her, making her arse hug them tighter than her pussy ever could. It also meant she had more control of it than most other women, able to grip and squeeze the entire length of the men inside her. 

As she drank, she made sure to keep Eori entertained by massaging his cock with her arsehole, the undulating muscles doing their best to milk the seed from him far sooner than he expected. Zazi had never actually bothered squeezing and massaging the men inside her, not seeing the point, but she wanted to get on Eori's good side if she was going to work for him so tried doing something new, hoping he'd enjoy it. 

Eori was taken completely by surprise, he knew as well as most men how good Zazi felt, but the way her arse was squeezing every inch of his cock was nothing like he'd ever felt before. It was if her arse was sucking him off almost. He groaned involuntarily at the sudden intense pleasure and felt himself near the edge. This might turn out better than I thought Eori thought. He stayed inside her and simply savored he way she wrapped tightly around his whole length. It was almost enough to get him off with just that. Not wanting to finish too soon, Eori pulled back and took a moment to catch his breath. 

"What in the Hells was that lass?" he asked. 

"D'ya like it?" Zazi said, turning partly back. 

"Hells yes I liked it, why've you never done that trick before?" 

Zazi shrugged. 

"Well you better start doing that all the time with the customers," Eori said, already thinking about all the coin Zazi's newly discovered talent would bring. 

"My debt gets paid off twice as fast then," Zazi said shrewdly. 

Eori stared at her hard for a few moments before he gave in. "Aye lass, fine, have it yer way." 

Angry at having to give her a 'raise' so soon, Eori stabbed himself roughly back into Zazi's arse again and again, the abusive sodomy calming him. Drawing himself entirely out and spreading her cheeks, Eori enjoyed the messy, wet way her arsehole gaped when it was fucked out after newly healing. Stabbing himself in one again, he gripped his cock by the base and stirred himself around her arsehole, stretching her skin taut this way and that. Zazi ignored the beating her arse took as she downed her drink. 
