 **Author's Note: I had some trouble choosing a category for this story as it could fit in several. In the end I felt Mind-control was the most appropriate although as many mind-control stories are this could easily be non-consent. By the title you can tell it would also qualify for science fiction and as most of my stories do this could be anal as well. That said, I hope you enjoy. Special thanks to jen_litgirl for taking the time to proof-read and edit this story.**

*

What kind of society was it when bribed officials didn't stay bought? That was the thought in Captain Michael Anderson's mind as he was being intercepted by the local authorities' cruiser.

Captain Anderson was a freighter captain/smuggler and he had been doing cargo runs for well over a decade, having inherited the ship from his former owner/uncle. His uncle had made him a virtual slave on board this ship ever since acquiring him from his parents. One night Michael had enough and there had been a decompression 'accident' in his uncle's bedroom.

Captain Anderson was a firm believer in honesty despite his smuggling or perhaps in consideration of that, if someone was paid-off they were supposed to stay paid-off. This delay would be an annoyance and if it took too long then it was a business cost he didn't much care for. The question was whether the Captain of the cruiser he had bribed had been stupid and had been caught with their hand in the 'cookie jar', had a guilty conscious, or was greedy and wanted an additional pay-off? Which ever of the three would be answered quickly, as he was already being hailed.

"What can I do for you Captain?" Captain Anderson asked noting that the captain was Captain Williamson so Captain Anderson quickly discounted both of the first two options so it was greed motivated.

"Captain, this is a random inspection. You will need to prepare your vessel for boarding."

"Captain, I have no trouble complying but considerable portions of my cargo are 'no eyes' classification per the purchasing specs of my customers. I cannot have people just poking through cargo which may endanger my customers' proprietary rights."

"Your position is understood Captain but this is a mandatory inspection."

"May I request top security clearance officers for inspecting specific holds then?"

"You have that right Captain. I will come aboard myself. Prepare for boarding."

The screen returned to displaying the star field and the cruiser in front of his ship and Michael grumbled to himself.

God damn greedy bitch! The fact that she was coming over instead of one of her other officers sealed it that she was just looking for more money, how much more remained to be seen.

Michael greeted his 'guests' at the entry hatch after their shuttle had docked.

"Here is a ship's schematic, and the highlighted holds are the secured ones, anywhere else you are free to inspect." Captain Anderson said as he handed over a handheld to one of the crew not the Captain. "And if you will come with me Captain I will show you to the secure holds."

Captain Anderson led Captain Williamson to the rear cargo holds, then reaching the security panel he entered his code, the door opened and the two of them stepped through, with the door closing and securing behind them.

"I thought we had a deal Captain." Captain Anderson states quietly.

"I am changing it." Captain Williamson says with a smile.

Captain Williamson was young for a Captain but that was because she was from one of the most powerful families in the galaxy. She kept her red hair braided back and her green eyes sparkled with a combination of greed and power. Her body was perfectly sculpted but that was expected from a member of the families they were all genetically crafted to perfection.

"The point of a deal is that it doesn't change once it has been agreed upon." Captain Anderson says.

"I am changing it, and you should just pray I don't feel I should change it further than I currently plan."

"What is your proposed change?"

"You are going to need to pay me triple what you've already paid."

"On what grounds?"

"After our agreement I did a bit more research and found you can easily afford to pay twice the bribe you offered me, and as punishment I am increasing the amount necessary to pass through enough so you keep in mind that when you are dealing with me you are better off being upfront with me."

"So it is my responsibility to be sure you don't feel cheated by a bribe?"

"Careful with your tone, I have a full division of Marines at my immediate disposal. There would be no questions if something happened to either you or your ship."

"Yes, but those Marines are not here are they?" Michael said with a slow smile.

"Are you threatening me?" Captain Williamson asked with a disbelieving laugh. "Besides the fact that you are puny even for a non-engineered human and I am fully trained for hand-to-hand combat, I'm armed. You are not."

"But you are on my ship, in my cargo hold. Your weapon is useless here."

The captain pulled her sidearm and squeezed the trigger to find that the battery was entirely discharged. "What the fuck?"

"Nano-bots, my ship's security system, sort-of-speak. Disables any weapons brought onboard. And don't bother trying to call for help as your communicator is useless as well."

"I'll kill you with my hands then. You should have paid the price." Captain Williamson said with a cruel smile as she took a step towards Captain Anderson.

"Nano-control, Stand." Michael says without changing his expression.

Captain Williamson stopped mid-stride and came to stand at attention, her eyes opening wide in shock.

"No, you should have remained happy with the original deal."

"What's going on here?"

"I'd already told you that Nano-bots had disabled your devices. I guess I should have thought to mention that you've been breathing them in since you've gotten onboard and now that they've managed to filter through your blood stream through-out your entire body... well let's just say I have several commands I've programmed into them."

"Release me and I will let you go about your business."

"I will be going about my business, but I think I will be having some fun first." Michael said with a smile. "I've never gotten a chance with a genetically engineered, perfectly crafted woman before."

"No! I have never been violated! I cannot!"

"You should have thought of that before making threats. Nano-control, Remove Clothes."

Captain Williamson's body slowly moved removing her uniform despite the expression of intense concentration on her face. Michael smiled as the final piece of cloth, her panties, hit the floor and she stood there completely nude in the cool cargo hold, her nipples immediately becoming erect.

"You are very attractive, Captain and you are fortunate that I am not a mean or cruel man by nature. I'm not a sadistic man so I don't believe in torture and pain although the control I have over you now would be quite sufficient to induce pain beyond your wildest imaginations and another in my position would probably be sure you walked back on your ship without remembering what occurred here and then committed suicide in your quarters at some later point, hours or days down the road."

Michael said all of this while slowly walking circles around the nude and helpless Captain Williamson.

"I believe killing you would be a wasteful action when all you really require is a little education. I believe in fairness, honesty, and the ability of people to learn from their mistakes."

"Yes, I understand, I apologize." Captain Williamson said quickly, her eyes pleading.

"The fair and honest thing is that I am repaid for this delay. I have schedules to keep."

"Of course! Anything you find reasonable."

"I find you reasonable." Michael said with a slow smile.

"We've bred sex drive out of the genetically engineered; my body will be unable to respond." Captain Williamson pleaded.

"Yes I know, wouldn't want to ruin a perfectly enhanced gene pool all because a fire got lit between your loins and you got all horny and lustful." Michael said seeming to mull it over. "A blowjob doesn't require a bodily response. Nano-control, Kneel."

Captain Williamson immediately fell to her knees on the hard metal deck plating of the cargo bay with a wince.

"Very good!" Michael said with a large grin as he stepped towards her.

"Fuck-you!" Captain Williamson said defiantly.

"That is kind of the idea, now isn't it?" Michael said as he fished out his fully hard member.

Captain Williamson gasped seeing this hard piece of man flesh directly in front of her face. It was reddish and had veins popping out along its entire length.

"Nano-control, Blowjob 1." Michael said with an authoritative tone.

Captain Williamson's body leaned forward and her left hand grabbed the base of the shaft directing the head of this man's penis towards her mouth, her lips quickly wrapped around the head. She felt her tongue slide tenderly over and around the entire piece of flesh between her lips even as she was trying to concentrate on biting the damned thing off.

"Your tongue and lips feel nice but now I don't feel I'm being fair." Michael said with half closed eyes.

"Nano-control, Lubricate."

Captain Williamsons' eyes widened as she felt a light and fluttery sensation in her sexual center and the sense of immediate wetness between her legs. She moaned softly into Captain Andersons' manhood and he smiled down at her. A flush consumed her entire body making her feel heated.

"Surprised?" Michael asked, "Don't be. My nano-bots are programmed to correct certain 'deficiencies.' You are now as fully sexually capable as any human female. Nano-control, Excite Level 1."

A sudden pulse of ghostly penetration caused her vaginal muscles to contract and Captain Williamson felt herself take a deep breath and then exhale as a moan, it felt as if something brushed her clitoris.

Captain Williamson felt herself involuntarily rock her hips forward into the non-existent stimulating touch.

"Your body's muscles and nerves are being told that something is lightly brushing your clitoris and something about the thickness of my finger is sliding in and out of your pussy." Michael explained as he continued to slide his cock between the no longer resistant Captain's lips.

For her part the Captain felt herself slowly consumed by the raw emotions and sensations that were entirely new to her senses. She could feel the probing along her vaginal walls, the stroking of her clitoris, and the resultant lubrication seeping from her womanhood.

She wanted to regain control of herself; she was trained and bred to be in control of herself and others. She tried repeatedly to put the sensations out of her mind, to force her body to stop responding, but the longer it continued the weaker her resolve was becoming.

For a moment Captain Williamson regained control of herself with a deep breath. She could ignore the sensation in her loins and in her mind she smiled with the victory, knowing it could now only be a matter of will before she could overcome the Nano-bots control over her body and she would then truly make this Captain Anderson suffer for this humiliation.

Captain Anderson looked down at her, his eyes met hers as he slowly smiled, "Nano-control, Excite Level 2."

The feelings within her seemed to double and she moaned into the male member in her mouth as she felt her body build itself up to its first ever orgasm. It felt as if a tidal wave was approaching and preparing to break over her, ready to take her willpower and resolve with it, but it just continued to build without releasing.

Williamson felt her body flush with heightened arousal and began to yearn for that orgasm that was just out of reach. She felt her pride crumble and with it her resistance. Williamson began to move her hips in a vain effort to hump into the sensations, to get that release her body was now craving.

Anderson smiled again, seeing the barely perceptible movement of her pelvis, knowing she was trying to reach orgasm.

"I can keep you in this state indefinitely, you know. Your body can stay right there on that threshold."

Williamson stared up, her eyes wide and Anderson could see the pleading.

"Or I can release you to the pleasure with a single command."

Williamson dared to hope, the sensations were already incredible but led to wanting, needing more. She started to really notice the feel of the hard cock in her mouth. The taste of the pre-cum on her tongue was not at all unpleasant and coupled with the smell of her own sexual stimulation seemed even more arousing and intoxicating.

Williamson wondered if she could fit more of the thick fleshy tool into her mouth. Slowly she bobbed her head forward and an inch of Anderson' dick slid past her lips into her mouth. She smiled with accomplishment as Anderson moaned appreciatively. So the Nanos would allow her some movement, she thought. She moved her head forward further taking more flesh into her mouth.

Anderson noticed the slow sliding of his cock into Williamsons' more willing mouth and knew she was choosing to take it herself. He wasn't worried about her choosing to do something adverse to him as the Nanos would only allow her certain freedoms. With her submission he knew she was going to be a real pleasure to please himself with.

Williamson kept working more and more of the member into her mouth and when it hit the back of her throat with only a couple more inches to go she determined to not let that stop her. She swallowed, and pushed forward further and Anderson's tool slid into her throat until her nose was buried in his pubes. Anderson groaned again and Williamson could feel his cock twitch with excitement.

Maybe she could turn the tables on him. She could suck him close to his own orgasm and then hold him at the edge until he released her.

With that thought she began really sucking and bobbing her head on his cock with gusto. She was quickly rewarded with his moans and grunts as pre-cum started leaking freely into her mouth. She greedily slurped this down, enjoying the taste more and more.

After a couple minutes she felt the fleshy hardness in her mouth swell and pulse. Just as she realized she'd miscalculated her ability to judge when he was close, Anderson's cock began shooting cum into her mouth. She reflexively swallowed his fluids down, drinking every drop. She found that she truly enjoyed the taste on her tongue. She continued sucking him until nothing more seemed to come from the still hard member.

"You seemed to really enjoy that. You may be a born cock sucker." Anderson said as he pulled his cock from Williamson's lips.

Williamson blushed with shame but still she felt her body trying to hump the invisible fingers probing her womanhood.

"You are quite fortunate," Anderson added with a smile as he walked behind her. Williamson dared to hope that she had earned either her freedom or her release, "if not for the Nanos your pleasurable experiences may be over for now, but fortunately you won't need to worry about me losing my hardness until we have fully explored your abilities."

Anderson sat in a comfortable looking chair that had heretofore been unnoticed by Williamson.

"Mount me." Anderson commanded and Williamson felt herself rise up and walk over to him. She straddled his lap before she realized what her body was about to do and with renewed vigor she fought the control on her body.

"No!" She said firmly, "I will not.." but she is cut-off mid sentence as her body is impaled on the hard cock beneath her.

She moaned as the pleasure filled her body just as the cock filled up her virgin pussy. The thickness stretched her and she closed her eyes from both the shame of her situation and the wonderful feelings she's never experienced before.

"You were saying?" Anderson asked but before Williamson could reply, "Fuck yourself on my cock." he said with a smile.

Williamson raised herself up until just the head of Anderson' manhood is still in her, and then she pushed back down until she took his full length into her and she felt her pussy flutter with the pleasure. She began to slowly pick up speed, moaning and gasping with each new impalement. So taken with the pleasure of the moment she did not notice Anderson whisper a command that had given her freedom of movement. She was then able to choose not to stroke his cock with her wet pussy and he smiled, knowing she wouldn't resist any further.

Williamson wondered if it could feel any better, the sensations washing over her were fantastic and she felt all of her senses were overwhelmed. She felt as if a large wave were building, ready to crash over her as she began to really grind her cunt against his rock hard manhood. Her breathing deepened as the pleasure continued to build; she felt her nipple grazed by something warm and moist as she looked down to see Anderson taking it into his mouth. He sucked on it and she moaned with even more pleasure and excitement, and as his other hand began to twist her other nipple she felt her release coming closer.

Anderson bit on the nipple in his mouth just hard enough to give her a spike of pain that quickly consumed her with pleasure. She slammed herself down, grinding her pussy against his hard cock, as she threw back her head and screamed an animalistic scream of pleasure as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over her. She could feel her cunt clenching and squeezing Anderson's cock. He grunted and moaned before slamming his dick up into her, shooting his load up into her welcoming, still orgasming, pussy.

Breathing deeply, Williamson slowly came down from her euphoric orgasm, her pussy still spasming and clenching the cock buried deep within her. Williamson opened her eyes to see Anderson watching her intently.

"You seemed to enjoy that." He stated.

"Yes." Williamson barely whispered, ashamed of her lack of control.

"Louder." Anderson said, and lifted his hips, pushing his dick deeper into her again causing a new pulse of pleasure to wash over her.

Williamson moaned, "Yes!"

"You'd like me to fuck you some more wouldn't you?"

Williamson's eyes opened wider as she flushed with excitement, "Yes I would," she admitted quietly.

"Ask me." Anderson said.

"Fuck me again." Williamson said quietly with a question in her tone.

"Louder, and really ask for it."

"Please, fuck me again!" Williamson said and then pressed her breasts into his chest as she pressed her lips to his in a kiss mimicking how she'd seen others do it.

Anderson's tongue pushed through her lips into her mouth and she moaned into the kiss. He lifted his hips up into her and she once again began to feel the pleasure build within her.

"On the floor, on your hands and knees." Anderson said and with some regret Williamson complied as she liftd herself off that wonderful organ and got into the ordered position.

Her regret was short lived as she sighed with pleasure as Anderson slid his manhood back into her welcoming pussy from behind. He grabbed a hold of her hips and began fucking her with force as Williamson happily grunted and moaned through her pleasure. Once again the pressure was building within her and she welcomed the feeling as she slammed herself back into Anderson's every thrust into her.

Just as she was feeling close Anderson pulled completely free and Williamson whined and shook her hips to entice him back into her.

"You've really turned into a slut." Anderson said with a teasing tone, "don't worry I'm putting my cock back into you, I just want to finish de-virginizing you."

Williamson wonders what he could mean by that but her questions were quickly answered when she felt the head of his cock re-alligned with her anus. He wouldn't, Williamson thought with panic as she felt him press forward.
