 Lying in bed reading a book, Cook heard the front door open and the booted footsteps of his wife as she clopped through the house. He heard her rustle through the pantry looking for something to eat. "Honey?" he heard her voice as she was munching on something. He worried that he seemed all too eager to please like a faithful dog rather than a husband, so he faked sleep. "Honey? Are you awake?" Melinda walked up to his side of the bed. A book was in his lap and, though he said he was trying to wean himself of it, an old nightgown of hers was wrapped around his arm like a snake. She watched his sleeping form for a few moments than she took the book from him and laid it on the nightstand. As she walked over to the bureau Cook cracked his eyes to watch her. With her back to him, she removed her earrings and began to strip. This was one of those times when Cook wondered how he was able to catch such an attractive woman. He admired her muscled and slender back and how artistically she removed her panties revealing a heart shaped ass. When she disappeared into the adjacent bathroom, he imagined her lathering her smooth black skin and his dick began to harden without him even touching it.

"My commanding officer is hot." He muttered to himself. Wind Jumper was the leader of the whole movement, but Melinda was the one that coordinated the various rebel groups that allowed them to work together in unison. Cook worked under her as the logistics officer. Recently the addition of several competent Sororan staff officers had reduced their stress levels from murderous to barely tolerable. Tonight had been the first night they had together where they both had time and energy for other things. Cook grabbed his dick in anticipation as he heard the shower door open. He faked sleep again as she walked in wrapped in a towel. She stood near him silently then dropped the towel and slipped under the covers next to him.

"You are the absolute worst actor." She said as she wrapped her hand around his dick. He opened his eyes and began to kiss her face. His lips started on her cheek, moved across her nose and onto her eyelid. The taste of her skin excited him and he continued up to her forehead then over to her ear than finally her lips.

"My sore shoulder feels much better and I'm so fuckin' horny." She declared.

"Suck my dick."

"Only if you don't cum in my mouth" She said as she slid down to his crotch.

"You don't like my sperm?"

"It's fine, I just want it inside me tonight." She said as she licked the tip. Cook watched as her thick wide lips engulfed his dick. She turned on the vacuum and her mouth seemed to suck the blood up the whole length of his rod making it fully erect in seconds. He stroked her cheek and she opened her eyes to regard him as she went up and down. He put his head on top of the head and pushed down. Her lips went all the way down to the base. She held it for a few seconds before retreating back to the top.

"Again"

She travelled back down the length again stopping only when his pubic hairs tickled her nose. He held her head down watching as her cheeks quivered in resistance to the gag reflex. She last a little bit longer, and he was reluctant to release her feeling both physical pleasure and a primal dominance. When she resurfaced she shook her head and rubbed her throat.

"I'm ready now." She quickly mounted him. His dick went inside her without much resistance due to the copious amounts of girl cum lubricating her pussy. He grabbed her ass and pushed as far in as her could get holding the pose a few moments before she started rocking on him. Her hands gripped his shoulders and eyes were closed in concentration. She increased the rocking as if she were a jockey urging her mount down the final straightaway. Cook could feel his arousal growing with each stroke and blew his load deep inside. She followed with a shuddering orgasm of her own and collapsed on top of him.

"Nothing beats the simplicity of a quickie. Now let's get some sleep." She said stifling a yawn.

The next day they set out early in the morning on horseback to a meeting with some of the rebellion leaders. They had two warriors to escort them, but no more on fears that they would attract undue attention. Both were affable but spoke a dialect of Sororan that was beyond the experience of the two galactics. As far as they could figure the names were Tree Climber and Branch Breaker.

By midday they had made good progress, but Melinda started to get sick.

"I fucking hate horses." She said between retches as she disgorged her breakfast by the side of the path.

"It's the best way to travel dear." Cook said.

"It took a month for the shoulder to recover and now this...." She started gagging again.

"Damn I wish I had brought something for this." He said as he patted her back.

The two warriors looked at each other and smiled. Tree Climber said something about medicine and village. Cook thanked them as they got back on the horses.

Feeling slightly better they completed the journey before sunset and met with the generals. Too late to go back that evening they stayed in the hut of the local chieftain who also spoke an indecipherable dialect. Noticing her inability to eat and keep down food, they offered her a foul smelling home brew. At first she couldn't do it, but with gentle prodding was able to down a few mouthfuls.

"Tastes as bad as it smells, but I already feel a little better." She said as she snuggled against Cook.

Glad that at least she was able to sleep, Cook monitored her breathing and checked her temperature. There was a knock on the door, and the Chief's husband exchanged words with someone. Trying not to sound too nosy, Cook shut his eyes and strained to hear the conversation. Unfortunately all he could figure out were the words "stranger" and "forest." A board was placed over the door to lock it and the two warrior escorts sat down next to either side of the door their hands touching their blades. At first it was difficult to relax, but as nothing happening was followed by nothing happening, Cook fell asleep.

The next day they awoke still alive and in one piece. At breakfast Melinda couldn't stomach the food but did drink more of the medicine offered.

"How's it now?" Cook asked.

"Not good, but bearable. Later we need to find out what's in that stuff." Melinda said.

They mounted their horses and with Tree Climber in the rear and Branch Breaker in front they started off. Cook told her of what he heard last night.

"Well not surprising that there might be spies, that's why we kept the meeting so short." Said Melinda.

"You think they might be following us?" Cook worried.

"Quite possible, but that's the same thing our escorts are thinking too." Melinda said.

"Wouldn't we be leading them back to our HQ?" he asked.

"Our guards are not dumb bumpkins. They probably already have a plan." She said.

"You trust them?" He asked.

"These women are combat veterans." She answered.

With that to ponder Cook knew he wasn't going to get much more from Melinda. One thing he had to learn was when she was tired of a conversation, not to take it personally.

At about midway through the journey they halted for a rest and lunch. While they lounged under the shade of a tree, Tree climber excused herself and walked off into the bushes. A few minutes there was sound of a struggle a few yards behind where they were sitting.

"Don't kill me, I surrender!" came a voice in the high class Sororan that the galactics had learned. They ran over to see Tree Climber holding a blade up to the throat of a man lying on his back. He was dressed in rags and animal pelts and had long hair and sported a frightful looking beard.

"I must see milady." He stammered watching the point of the blade hover near his neck.

"Kill?" Tree Climber asked.

"No." said Melinda.

"Who do you want to see?" asked Cook.

"The honored Wind Jumper of the Gold Clan."

"And You?" Melinda asked.

"I'm Erik, huntsman of Wind Tamer. I was with Wind Jumper when she learned of Sten's arrest." Branch Breaker casually leaned over and withdrew a large knife. "Hunter?" She asked while admiring the weapon. Erik nodded.

"Why should we trust you?" Melinda asked.

"Before she went back to her aunt's home, she made me memorize something Sten had told her about the Swordfish. I was to hide myself and search for her if a civil war broke out."

"Looks like you've won yourself a date with a lovely lady from the Gold Clan." Melinda said.

Fed sat at his desk staring at the note in irritation.

"I need to meet with you face to face over an important matter. Please come immediately, Wind Grabber."

"Why couldn't she come here? She knows I'm busy." Fed groused.

"Maybe she's horny." Stella his office assistant offered.

"She's got her pick of any muscled young man half her age." Fed countered.

"She's never had a Galactic man before and Cook is definitely off the market." Stella said.

Fed noticed a message from Melinda using the proper codes for high priority, so he opened it.

"I guess I have to go. It's about something Sten did in regards to the Swordfish." Fed said.

"Don't forget to wear that cologne she gave you." Stella reminded him.

Horatio shook the cobwebs from his mind and realized that he wasn't blind just that there was no light. He felt his wrists and ankles bound and that he was propped against a wall.

"Ham? Are you there?" he asked the blackness around him.

"Yeah Ratio." Came a voice off to his right.

"You remember what happened?" Horatio asked.

"Last thing I recall you were flirting with that Galactic reporter." Hamlish said.

"The redhead? Holy smokes what wonderful thighs, kinda funny accent though. Horatio recalled.

"You spent much time looking up her skirt and down her blouse." Hamlish said.

"She gave me ample opportunity." Horatio answered.

"Are you comfortable? Horatio asked.

"This is great, but the service needs improve. HEEEEEEEEEEEEY! HEEEEEEEY! CAN WE GET SOME ATTENTION HERE?" Hamlish shouted. There was the sound of footsteps and light flooded into room as the door opened.

"That's about the right time for a recovery. Get some water." A male voice said in Sororan. The lights came on and the brothers could see they were in what appeared to be a small gymnasium with a soft rubberized floor not unlike a wrestling mat. They were bound to the same wall only 10 feet from each other. Two Sororan males wearing some kind of uniform stood near the door. Neither of the brothers could recognize the insignias they wore, but it was obvious they were with the Usurper government. One of the men walked up with a canteen and poured water into the brother's mouths.

"Needs ice with a twist of lemon" Hamlish commented. They both expected to get a cuff on the ear or maybe a sharp poke, but there was no response.

"The honorable Cat Leap and Cat Growl will be arriving soon."

The two men left and the brothers pondered their situation.

"No torture yet." Hamlish said.

"What the heck would we be able to tell them? We're just doctors out of the loop of all important things." Horatio said.

"Propaganda?" Hamlish guessed.

"Maybe we'll be put in some high ranking woman's harem?" Horatio said.

Their conversation stopped when they heard footsteps approach the door. First the males returned and took up station next to the door, Followed by two Sororan warriors dressed in uniforms with a low cut showing cleavage. They were twins just like the brothers and had flaming red hair with a delightful splash of freckles across their faces and chests. Each had only one battle tattoo on their forearms but they moved with the same fluid grace that all Sororan warriors had along with carrying the short sword by their sides.

"Oh it looks like our reporter has a twin sister." Hamlish observed.

Both women walked up to the men and stopped a few feet away. "Are you Horatio?" The woman in front of Hamlish asked in Galactic.

No I'm Hamlish. Younger by a few minutes." He answered.

"I'm Cat Growl and that is my older by a few minutes sister Cat Leap.

"Where did you learn our language? Your manners are atrocious." Said Cat Leap.

"The honored Wind Jumper started us, but most came from our fellow rebels." Said Horatio

"You use the term 'honored' for a traitor?" Cat Leap said incredulously.

"Because she has earned it." Answered Horatio.

Both women drew their swords in unison and brought them up to the brother's faces in one fluid motion. They held the pose perfectly still without saying a word. The men looked at the sharp points just millimeters from their noses. Minutes ticked by both parties staring at each other along a bridge of steel.

An electronic beep sounded from Cat Leap's belt causing both women to put their swords away. She looked at it and she quickly touched her forehead. "You caught two galactics?" spoke an older woman's voice.

"Yes honored mother. We have the two doctors Horatio and Hamlish." Cat Leap answered.

"Show me."

Cat Leap turned the camera on the two prisoners.

"Yes indeed, that is them." She said.

The two sisters ventured a slight nervous smile.

"By the graves of our ancestors what were you thinking?"

"Uh...Honored mother?" Cat Leap stuttered.

"USELESS! COMPLETELY USELESS! Just what do you think a couple of doctors are going to know?"

"Others have referred to them as being heroes..." Cat Leap said her confidence fleeing.

"Those damn weaklings use that term for just about anyone. You waste all this time and resources for a couple of bandage wrappers?"

Cat Leap looked at her sister for help.

"They run a hospital and train new doctors." Cat Growl offered.

"They are not warriors nor do they assist them. If you actually think they know something I'll give you two days to get it out of them. After that, castrate them and parade them for the townspeople. Then cut off their heads and stick them on pikes for everyone to see. Do you understand?"

"Yes honored mother. We hear and obey."

Fed followed the servant through a maze of passages that took them deeper and deeper into the mountainside. Foot sore, hungry, tired and irritated that Wind Grabber wasn't ready to see him, he trudged along hoping to reach his destination soon or he might have to start yelling and shoving. As if sensing his unhappiness, the servant assured him they were almost there. A five day trial that included 1 day on his hands and knees in wet and muddy tunnels, one day porting a boat around white water rapids and a seemingly endless trudge through summer rainstorms in the forest made him a truly pathetic sight. A bath would be the first good thing for him

The bathing room was just what he needed. It was large and had several hot springs of water for his choice. The servant shooed out other bathers so he could have his privacy. He squatted down next to a trough of water and removed his prosthetic leg and laid it next to him. He poured water over himself and started to scrub off the dirt from his journey. Suddenly there was a woman's cry behind him and he spun around quickly expecting a fight only to see a nude woman standing there.

"I'm sorry. Really sorry I was just not expecting..." She said.

"This?" He picked up his fake leg.

"I didn't mean to make you sad." She said looking genuinely contrite.

Fed surveyed her features: short with slightly meaty torso and good sized breasts that could feed a platoon. Short brown hair and eyes were brown with Asian eyes that Fed found attractive.

"My name is June, Wind Grabber chose me the honor of assisting you today." She said earnestly.

"No, I'm not angry, just tired." He smiled reassuringly at her." June smiled happily and kneeled behind him. She started to scrub his back.

"Just what a tired, grumpy, old man like me needs." He said as he felt her tits brush against his back.

Cat leap shut off her phone and quietly regarded her sister. The watched each other as if the other was planning to attack.

"Is it off?" Cat Growl asked.

"Yes." Cat leap put it away smiling.

"That went better than planned. I was worried that she would order us to do it right there."

"Why should we talk if you're going to do it anyway? Horatio yelled defiantly.

"Quiet galactic bone binder!" Cat Leap sneered.

"We aren't going to cut off something so important are we?" Cat Growl asked stifling a giggle.

"Not at least till we can test their rumored dimensions." Cat Leap tittered.

"You are such a male jumper." Cat Growl teased.

"No, you were the one letting him put his hands on your leg last night." Cat Leap replied.

"All for the good of the cause." Cat Growl said.

The two brothers looked at each other not quite believing the conversation. The two sisters walked up to them and measured the men's heights.

"Uh Oh. First flaw, they appear to be a little on the short side. Maybe 5'10". Cat Leap said seriously.

"That's one strike against them. How about this?" Cat Growl squeezed Hamlish's biceps.

"Not bad, Hey sis here's some of that chest hair that Galactic men are famous." Cat Leap pulled out a tuft from Horatio causing him to cry out. She traced the outline of his pectorals and gave one of his nipples a twist.

"Neither one of you look like a doctor." Cat Growl said as her hands continued to travel south along Hamlish's abdomen.

"Let's see if they are awake." Cat Leap said. Like a pair of synchronized swimmers, the women stroked the men's crotches. Both of them looked into their victim's eyes and moved their lips closer. Arousal came quickly and they were rewarded with large bulges forming under their fingertips.

"Looks like we've got an answer." Cat Leap said as she backed up to admire her handiwork.

"My guy's bigger than yours." Cat Growl claimed.

"Just your imagination, we won't know for sure unless we cut them off" Cat Leap countered.

Both women took out their swords. "Of course the cut will have to be as close to the base as possible to get the most accurate measurement." Cat Growl said.

"Mother might forgive us if we give them as presents." Cat Leap said as she took a few practice swings.

Both women lunged forward swinging their blades and both men screamed.

**************************************

Fed's dick disappeared between June's ample breasts and reappeared at the top poking out like a demented worm each time getting a lick from her eager tongue. Fed pumped and pumped until he shot large wad on her neck and chin. Fed slipped off and handed her a towel. Instead of toweling herself off, she grabbed his stump and planted a big kiss on it. She then said something in a language he didn't recognize. "Sorry, I don't understand." He shook his head. She rubbed her pussy and said something he didn't understand.

"H-H-H-Horny." She panted.

"Well, I'm sorry, but I'm not young. My little buddy here may take a while to get ready again." He said pointing at his dick and shaking his head. She said something again he didn't get and rubbed her pussy on his stump.

"Oh...I get it." He said.

It took several attempts to find the right position, but June was very accommodating. He sat on the floor with his back against the wall. June laid on her back with her legs apart pussy spread in anticipation. Like a man trying on a shoe, Fed slowly inserted his stump. At first it was slow going and she gasped at him to slow down even more so she could relax. The end of his leg felt like he was putting on a wet sock that was a little too small. She twiddled her clit and it went in further. He began the push and pull as if he were fucking her with a horse dildo. June cried out and her breath rushed but she didn't push it out.

"This is definitely the weirdest thing I've stored in my memory chip." He thought as he watched her tits bounce.

June's hands left her clit and grabbed his leg as she was gripped by a paroxysm of pleasure. When he pulled it out his leg was sticky.
