 This is the final installment of the Male Jumper series. What was originally planned as a single story of a princess being ravaged by a bunch of space pirates that morphed in this 6 part extravaganza. The original was published a year ago and after much gnashing of teeth, this revised edition has been finished.

*****

On a cold blustery night in the capital city, an auto car made its way along a major thoroughfare. It passed buildings that had been damaged, others just piles of rubble. Some had been cleared away and there signs of construction going on everywhere. The car continued to the suburbs of the city finally stopping at the gates of an estate. The actual gates were in the process of being replaced, so two guards stood there instead. The window of the car opened and the guards chatted with the occupants before waving them on. The estate had tall trees, a stream running through and countless gardens that the passengers marveled as they passed. The vehicle drove up a slight incline and stopped in front of a large mansion. 

Two servants wearing the Gold Clan livery trotted to the car and opened the door. Hamlish and Horatio wearing very expensive suits emerged followed by two gorgeous red heads each with battle tats on their arms. The doors were opened and they entered to be greeted by more servants who took their coats and led them to their destination. They entered a large sitting room that had a roaring fireplace. People were sitting around chatting and watching a large screen monitor hanging on the wall. A young petite woman was chasing a giggling toddler about the room when Horatio called out. "Hey Tina, I see you got your 7th tat."

"Yup, got it this morning." She said as she made funny faces at the child.

"Finally made it I see. The speech is about to begin." Fed said looking back from the display. Cook came over and greeted the brothers and their dates.

"Where's Karch and Melinda?" Hamlish asked.

"Melinda's here. Karch I'm not sure." Cook answered.

The brothers took up seats and sampled snacks offered by the staff.

"MAMA! The little boy yelled and ran to Melinda who had just arrived. Her belly was large indicating a new addition to the family was coming soon. Cook fussed over her and made sure she was comfortable before turning to watch the speech.

On the screen was an image of the new Sororan republic flag. A patriotic song started and all the guests quieted down. President Wind Jumper appeared sitting at a desk looking quite solemn. She was dressed in a business suit favored by galactic politicians. "Damn she looks good in that. Karch would love to see this outfit." Fed thought to himself.

"Fellow citizens and honored Galactics." She paused for a second.

She went on to summarize the rebel victory over the usurpers and the establishment of the new Sororan republic along with the abolishment of the old aristocratic privileges and equality of the sexes.

"Cook, isn't she wearing that pendant you bought at the starbase?" Melinda pointed at the screen.

"Karch described it to me and paid for it. I guess she liked it." Cook smiled.

"Our list of heroes is long and will be recorded in a monument located in this capital city." She paused again as if catching her breath.

"I'd especially like to thank the galactic citizens who helped like Melinda Archer and Harald Smithlin for their work in supply and logistics."

"Your name is Harald?" Tina asked Cook.

"Only judges, presidents, and my mother call me that. Just call my Cook please." Cook answered.

"Captain Federico for his work in intelligence." Wind Jumper continued.

"Horatio and Hamlish Fallash for their work establishing a military hospital that saved countless fighters lives." Another pause as if she were distracted by something.

"Captain Karch Koppler for his work establishing our first space academy and training the first all Sororan crew of the Sisterhood ship Swordfish."

Another pause.

"The final thank you is for Oorlyn Laffin whose extraordinary skills and bravery in most unpleasant conditions has made her the youngest Colonel in the history of the Sororan military."

Everyone turned to congratulate Tina who suddenly felt very self-conscious. Wind Jumper had asked all the crew what they wanted as reward. Tina's initial request was to bring her family to Sororus. On reflection she upped the ante by asking that any Weglia refugee be allowed to immigrate. Wind Jumper also added a provision that allowed for religious freedom. 

The speech ended with an announcement that this day, the one year anniversary of the final capitulation, would be a national holiday.

Wind Jumper's speech only mentioned half of Tina's achievements. For that she was glad the whole truth would be buried until long after her death.

****************************************************************************

Tina lay in bed enjoying every second of the warm soft sheets. Her whole body was relaxed and content after a good fuck with Sgt. Smitz who was sleeping next to her. She rolled over and ran her fingers along his muscled back wondering how much longer she had to wait before asking for another. The console next to the bed chose that time to beep indicating a high priority message from military HQ.

"Can I get dressed first?" She asked.

"Why?" Fed's voice questioned.

"Funny. Call back in five, I'll be ready."

Fed reluctantly cut the connection allowing Tina to dress in the new civilian outfit she bought yesterday. She keyed in Fed's number.

"Glad to see you enjoying yourself." Fed said.

"Nice hotel you put us in Fed, What is your evil mind planning?"

"Me? I'm just recognizing your hard work and sacrifice, that's all." Fed said with mock outrage.

"You told me that when people start acting nice, it's time to watch out." Tina said.

At that moment the sergeant decided to get up and walk to the bathroom, giving Fed quite an eyeful. "Whoa buns of steel. No way can I compete with that!"

"Be quiet my dear FRIEND." She said with extra emphasis.

"Ouch back to square one I go. Anyway this actually is important. I want to in my office at 0800 tomorrow."

"Leave is over?"

"Not quite. You'll have another week before there's any heavy lifting."

The next day Tina showed up at Fed's basement office. He was sitting at his desk with a look of intensity she only saw when she was his favorite at the spa.

"Watching porn?" She joked.

"Yes I am." He looked at her with a flat expression.

"This is important?"

"Yes it is. What I'm viewing has yielded some important intelligence." Fed answered.

Tina sat down.

"I see you got your 3rd tattoo, congratulations." Fed said.

"Had to swim through a swamp and lead a charge against a fort to earn it." Tina said.

"Yes, I saw the reports. Well done." Fed projected a map of the main continent on the wall. About ¾ of the major population centers were still in government hands, though they were losing ground every day.

"It is my belief that even though we have no air power, navy or much heavy weaponry, we are winning the war. The question is, how long will it take?"

"Two years?" Tina guessed.

"Probably five." Fed corrected her.

"What happened to all that Pelgani support?" Tina asked.

"Something called the Boujoulis. They are locked in a war with them, so they haven't sent us anything." Fed projected a chemical formula on the wall.

"This is our latest attempt to break the deadlock." Fed announced.

"Is that the fuel for the Swordfish?" Tina asked.

"I wish. It's a pale imitation. Nothing we've tried so far comes close." Fed said.

"What about those tanks we found near the capital?" Tina asked.

"The fuel has a very short shelf life, only about 90 days." Fed answered.

"So the Swordfish continues to sit at the bottom of Lake Obsk." Tina finished the thought.

"But recently we had a breakthrough." 

Fed went back to the map and chose a small section that was about 200 miles west of the capital. He magnified it to show the most current conditions. It was a scenic river valley with a small university town named Cixi. In itself not an area of important strategic interest but symbolic as being the oldest college on the planet.

"This school has been "the" place to go for generations of up and coming or old money families. If you want to be considered for any decent government position or just want something to brag about at the cocktail party, you attend this school which just happens to be the Alma Mater of Sten, the last head of the Galactic Cadre."

Fed took Tina on a brief tour of the local landmarks on the projection screen before ending at a large building at the edge of a forest.

"What has caught our interest is that we now know that Sten had been storing cadre records for the last five years before his death. Apparently nobody has taken notice."

"And?"

"The Unicorn made twice yearly trips and the fuel was made right here on the planet."

"And you want me to find it? Tina asked.

"That's right you would be perfect. Fed answered.

"Why? Tina pressed.

Fed showed her a picture of a disheveled man in his late 40s working at a monitor.

"This is Male Mitchell, the head librarian/archivist." Fed announced.

"Why me? Why not some other floozy? Tina pleaded.

"It's important. I know your skill set." Fed answered as he turned the monitor for her to see.

"Porn is illegal, so they must hide it. His pseudonym is 'Cotton Poly Blend'." Fed told her.

"Some of this is your fetish, Fed." She said while viewing a close up of a pair of panties on the monitor.

"Yes indeed, but this guy is a master. I'd love to see his collection." Fed said wistfully.

Tina looked at him skeptically.

"You crawled through miles of leech and snake filled swamp. This can't be any worse."

Tina sighed. "Ok I'll do it."

"We'll make sure you and that stud of yours get a quality assignment in the future. We need to work on your cover today so we can be ready in a week.

Government archive building number 14 was the dead end of librarians who worked for the government. Neglected over time it was almost forgotten to the point where the staff had dwindled to one employee and nobody took notice. For over 200 years the government had stored records that it deemed low priority. The problem was that it was more of a dump than an archive, for over the last 50 years very little effort if any had been made to organize the incoming files. Things were shoved in corners and stacked high for the convenience of the workers rather than any scholars doing research. Some stacks reached ceilings while others succumbed to the forces of gravity and toppled over only to be stopped by other stacks or the walls. The roof was in good condition so moisture wasn't a problem, but a heavy coat of dust covered almost everything. In many places, the lighting had failed and not replaced making many areas seem like a dungeon.

For Archivist Mitchell it was heaven. He had been in charge for the last 5 years and loved every minute of it. Not that he cared about his job, it was just that he got paid to do nothing just like his predecessors. As long as the building didn't burn down or someone in the budget office take notice, he was safe to do whatever he wanted.

One day Mitchell was doing what he spent most of his time doing, which was being on the computer arguing with others over minutiae like 6th century monks debating the nature of God. He was having a lively discussion with others about the undergarments worn by Lulu in season 2 episode 10. It was obvious the others were flaming idiots that couldn't tell the difference between a wonder bra and a bullet bra and was preparing his response when the parking lot alarm went off. He checked the monitor and saw an expensive model auto car had pulled into a shaded spot. Out of it emerged a well-dressed older woman accompanied by a teenager wearing a school uniform. Irritated that his scholarly discourse had been interrupted, he saved his work and closed the screen window.

The door opened and in walked the woman followed by the girl. The woman was dressed in the conservative fashion of the local gentry. The girl had her hair in a short bob which was rare. She wore a white button down blouse with long sleeves and a skirt that was at knee length. She was pretty and petite not quite touching 5' in height.

"Are you Archivist Mitchell?" The older woman asked.

"Yes milady." Mitchell answered.

"I know you are a busy man, so I won't take long."

"You have my full attention." He said politely.

"I am Road Shaker of the Fall Clan."

"Ah yes very distinguished." He replied.

"This is my niece Road Carver." She gestured at the girl.

"Pleased to meet both of you. How may I be of assistance?" He asked.

Road shaker proceeded to explain that her niece needed to complete a work study program to help improve her chances of getting into a quality university. This library was close to home and had documents going back 200 years. She was doing her research on the history of transportation and found that the records at this building had not been made available online.

"I would be honored to assist. How long would this project take?" Mitchell offered.

"Road Carver what do you think?" Road Shaker asked.

"Hard to tell, maybe a week, maybe a month." The girl answered.

"You can start today if you wish." Mitchell said.

With that Road Shaker bid farewell and left.

"Would you like a tour?" Mitchell asked.

"Yes that would be nice." She smiled pleasantly. 

He could have sworn that her skirt hem had gone up a couple of inches since she had arrived. He showed her the main floor which in places looked like a real library. He brought a flashlight for the basement. He found it interesting that this young girl was not afraid to explore even the darkest cobweb filled corners and seemed to take in everything with a business like attitude. 

"What's up there?" She said pointing at a ladder leading up to a ledge.

"Another storage area probably about 500 boxes in there." He answered.

"Can I see it?" She asked.

"Of Course." 

She climbed up slowly while he held the base of the ladder which afforded him a good view up her skirt. She stood at the top surveying the area seemingly oblivious to the show she was giving Mitchell.

"Real silk with a heart frill. Definitely made by the Corlex underwear company." He thought to himself. His heart raced and his groin stirred.

"This is going to be quite a difficult job. Do you have a map?" She said while scanning the boxes with the flashlight still not noticing where his eyes were.

"Yes, but it's mostly wishful thinking." He said finally getting his eyes onto more appropriate areas.

"The last 50 years nobody had really bothered. When they make deliveries, the workers just plop things down willy nilly." He explained.

"Maybe two months." She said.

"What exactly are you looking for?" He asked.

Wood, coal, diesel and any other fuel used to transport goods and people." She explained as she climbed down. Just before she got to the bottom, she slipped and fell backwards into Mitchell. His arms wrapped around her and his hands came to rest on her breasts.

"Oh I'm so sorry!" he blurted out.

"It's ok. If you hadn't caught me I would've bashed my head. She said.

"Corlex B cup silk with heart frills." He thought to himself.

"Could you send that map to my tablet? She asked.

"Yes of course." He backed away and hoped she didn't notice the tent pole rising in his pants. Back in the office he hurriedly dashed off the file she requested along with a note that he would be in his office if she needed help.

Double checking his own files on the Corlex Company he read: Bankrupt 20 years ago due to a disease that killed off 95% of the Mulberry trees which effectively destroyed the silk industry planet wide. These were the underwear preferred by celebrities and the ultra-rich. Their design team was gobbled up by competitors. Now the Corlex brand has become the premier collectable in the world of underwear aficionados and the prices have sky rocketed. 

"Little rich bitch needs help with her homework. Sounds like the plot of a porno." He thought as he absent mindedly rubbed his crotch. He checked the surveillance cameras and noted she was looking in the wrong boxes. "Probably 6 months at that rate." He said to himself.

The rest of the day went without interruption, and she left about an hour before closing. Almost immediately after locking the front door, he went down to the basement. Along a wall in a far corner there was a storage room that he had converted into his own private viewing room. He unlocked the door and entered. It was well lit, had carpet a small fridge, a recliner and a wide screen monitor hanging on the wall. He went over to a cabinet and keyed in a code allowing the doors to pop open. Inside were rows and rows of plastic bags containing female underwear. He pulled out a bag labelled "Wind Jumper." He took them out and looked at them in anticipation. "I paid a king's ransom for these. Come to Papa you nasty male jumper." He said as he sniffed the crotch. 

The next day she showed up by herself pulling a cooler box and carrying a briefcase. She was dressed in a loose blouse and tight form hugging pants that showed a camel toe. The panty lines indicated some sort of bikini briefs. 

"I forgot to eat lunch yesterday. Is this OK?" She asked.

"As long as your hands are clean while handling documents." He answered.

"I brought a lamp for those dark corners and a mask for the dust." She said.

"Bring anything for the spiders?" he asked.

"This newspaper." She showed him.

"I admire your preparation esteemed Road Carver." He complimented.

"Just call me Daja, but not front of others." She told him.

"Of course, Daja. Is that a galactic name?" He asked.

"Yes but keep it down ok? Right now the government is not so keen on corruptive outside influences." She smiled.

"Do you need my assistance today?" He asked.

"No, I'll call you if the need arises." She answered.

She left the cooler in the lobby and went to the basement. Mitchell went to his office and checked the computer. He did a quick search and found her school's website. It was a small private school that had only been inexistence for a couple of years. Her picture was there and there was another showing her in a gymnastics competition splitting her shapely legs on the balance beam. He found a social media site for teens and managed to see a picture of her in a black bikini next to a swimming pool. Her hair was in a style that was uncommon on Sororus and yet he couldn't quite pin it down where he had seen it before. He decided to look into it later and went back to his fan sites. 

Nothing interesting there so he went back to season 2 episode 10 of Lulu and Sylvia. He watched the rest of the episode about halfway through it a Russian spy named Svetlana was sucking the president's dick. Suddenly Mitchell realized that the hairstyle was Daja's in her bikini picture. Intrigued he watched carefully for any more clues and found one at the end. In the credits, the actress playing Svetlana was named Daja.

"How does this child of a respectable family get galactic porn?" He thought out loud. The door to his office opened and in walked Daja. "Time for lunch." She announced.

"Already?" He looked at the clock and yes it was noon. She opened her cooler. 

"Can I use your desk?" She asked.

"Sure." He pushed aside a few of the papers and moved his monitor.

"I've got plenty for both of us." She offered.

He considered the sandwich sitting in the drawer and compared it to the feast she was laying on his desk. "Looks good."

"Yes, male Mitchell. I'm inviting you." She assured him. She pulled up a chair and placed her legs in the same confined space that his legs currently occupied. She poured two glasses of wine. For her this was a picnic, but for him it was a posh meal. He noticed how she smiled and tossed her hair when she spoke to him and her legs made contact with his many times. He felt his brain was shutting down and feared he would do something foolish. It was with a mixture of sadness and relief when she finally packed everything away and went back to her work.
