 Year 2183 of the Third Empire 

Morndas, the first day of Morning Star 

About 10am 

The incessant banging reverberated around my head and I thought, as my brain slowly kicked into gear, that it was simply the start of one hell of a hangover. From somewhere deep within I groaned, instantly smelling the gods only knew what on my breath. Definitely the remnants of whatever I was drinking the night before. And certain other tastes, pleasurable at the time, did not produce pleasant morning breath. 

The banging didn't stop, and as my ears started to work, I think someone was shouting my name. I groaned again, and would have sat up, except I had one body to my left, one body to my right. Both appeared feminine, and the fact I could see the skin of their backs suggested they were naked. So it must have been rather good night. Shame I couldn't remember much of it. One appeared to be a redhead, standard, considering I adored redheads, the other a brunette, again standard, because I loved them too. 

Whoever was banging on the door was insistent so I finally found my voice, shouting, "What?" 

"Captain, you'd better get your arse into gear, er, respectfully, sir. You're meant to be facing the Admiralty Board in less than an hour." 

Shit, I'd forgotten all about that the night before. All I remember is a tavern, music, plenty of booze and a lot of women. I looked at the two women again and wondered if they were whores or not. Knowing my track record, they probably were. "What times it, Moreau?" 

"A little after ten am, sir. You'd better get dressed and out here in a hurry." 

"Give me ten minutes." 

Managing to crawl over the brunette, I fell off the bed with a thud onto the wooden floor, neither woman even slightly stirring. Crawling to the nearby chest of drawers, I grabbed the pewter jug and poured what I hoped for and soon saw was water, gulping down the glass before simply drinking from the jug itself., even pouring a little over my head. Leaning back against the drawers, I took a few deep breaths, wondering if I needed to vomit. If I did, I'd rather not be wearing my uniform. 

The urge vanished and I somehow got to my feet, the room immediately starting to spin. Grabbing the drawers for stability, I again let that feeling of needing to vomit pass before I began the search for my clothes. I found my coat on a chair, my cream coloured trousers and underwear on the floor, my shirt underneath the brunette. I gave her arse a gentle slap so she'd move, rolling onto her side as she looked at me with bloodshot eyes. "Well, how are we this morning?" she asked softly, her accent not of the city we were currently in. 

"Hungover and going to be late for my meeting." 

My white shirt was creased to hell but there was little I could do about that now, nearly falling over as I put on my underwear, while my trousers were also creased, thankful there were no stains. The dark blue overcoat was underneath my jacket, throwing that on first, leaving my jacket for last as I searched for my boots. Finding those under my bed, my dark blue socks were currently inside one of them. I didn't try the sniff test as I my stomach still felt unsettled, just rolling those on before sliding my feet into the comfortable leather, the top of the boot stopping just below the knee. 

"Who are you?" the brunette asked. 

"You don't know?" 

"You never told us your name." 

"Captain John Shepard. Imperial Navy. Commander of the Expedition. Which must be a subtle joke, considering we never go further than the reef." 

I heard the gasp. "I've heard of you. You're a hero. The Battle of the Five Apostles. What the hell were you doing in that tavern?" the redhead wondered. 

"Some say I am one. As for your question, I was there for a good time," I replied, throwing on my coat, two lines of gold buttons to do up. Looking around for my hat, I continued, "But what I am now is very late, and from what I've been told, I might actually have a new assignment than just a dull patrol of the coastline." 

Finding my hat on the other side of the bed, where the redhead was now starting to stir, I managed to find a mirror to see what I looked like. Definitely hungover, my eyes bloodshot to hell. I needed a shave, running hand down my stubbled cheek and chin, but there was nothing I could do about that now. I checked my breath and pulled a face in the mirror. 

Before I was about to walk out the door, the brunette cleared her throat. "For services rendered, Captain." 

"I wasn't sure, and didn't want to presume nor offend," I said, finding my coin purse in my pocket a little lighter than the night before, "How much?" 

"For Triss and I, let's call it two gold coins apiece. I'm sure a captain of the Imperial Navy can afford that price." I placed four coins on the drawer, and was ready to leave again when she cleared her throat again. 

"No goodbye kiss, Captain Shepard?" 

"Some girls do, some don't." 

"We did a lot of that and plenty of other things last night, Captain, some of which you definitely used your mouth for." If she was expecting a blush, she wasn't going to get one, because I'm sure I did exactly what she was insinuating. "I'm sure we'd both like a kiss goodbye. And maybe you could visit us again sometime." 

"Make an impression?" 

"Better than most, that's for sure. You might be in the bad part of town but you were still, most definitely, a gentleman last night." 

Well, I wasn't going to deny what was undeniably an attractive woman, so I kissed her, before the redhead rolled over so I could kiss her too. Before I finally left, I did turn back and ask, "The redhead is Triss. What's your name?" 

"Cerys." 

"Hmmm. It suits you. Well," I tipped my hat, "May we meet once again in the future." 

Exiting into a hallway, I figured I was still in the tavern from the night before, my footsteps echoing on the wooden staircase as I hurried downstairs. Moreau was sat at one of the booths, immediately getting up and saluting upon seeing me. His appearance was markedly better than mine. The first question I had to ask is, "How did you find me?" 

He kept his face straight as he replied. "Do you think you're not watched, Captain?" 

"So you mean spied upon?" 

"I mean minders, sir. Considering who you are and all, and this part of Arcturus isn't exactly the nicest..." 

"Some would call it seedy, Moreau," I said, gesturing to the door though flinging another coin at the barman as thanks. No doubt I'd drunk, eaten and whatever else the night before. I'm sure I'd start to remember soon enough. 

Stepping out into the sunlight, I had to take a deep breath. Arcturus, the largest city of the Empire, home to the largest dockyard of the Imperial Navy, capital city of the Empire of the Twelve Realms. No-one knew the exact population, the city spreading across both sides of the Red River, though the city spread down towards a natural harbour, where ships that patrolled the length and breadth of the Empire were based. If you had a fast horse, it was possible to ride across the breadth of the Empire in five days, but you needed a good horse. It usually took a week and more. 

Moreau fell in alongside me as we strode towards one of the main thoroughfares of the city. The part of Arcturus I was in was close to one of the main dockyards, full of taverns that sold cheap beer and cheap women. It was the sort of place I loved, full of life and atmosphere, reminders of my early years in the navy, though it was not a place where a person of my current standing should be. I'm sure if any of my superiors found out, they'd like to have their say. A subtle warning perhaps. Though all men under my command were warned the only thing I won't put up with is a breakout of venereal disease. 

Despite it being the day after the new year, the roads were already full of people, horses and carriages, and all other manner of traffic. Putting two fingers in my mouth, I whistled and waved down a taxi carriage, gesturing Moreau to get on as I told the driver to head to Imperial Square, home of the Admiralty. I always thought they'd situate themselves closer to their ships, but no. The lords liked to be close to the centre of power, as the Imperial Palace was at the end of the Imperial Walk, flanked on either side by grand buildings of the Empire. It was simply an exercise, a statement of how rich and powerful the Empire was, despite the fact people did wonder who we were proving it to. Apart from a people we had discovered to the north, who had proven warlike so we made sure they learned their place, we were alone in the world. Or so we thought... 

The carriage rattled and rolled, despite the fact stones was used to build the main roads of the Empire. The old saying 'All roads lead to Arcturus' was true, as the Empire spent centuries ensuring the Empire was connected, particularly during the formative years, when each realm was conquered and assimilated into the Empire. We were now one people, who spoke one tongue, and worked for one goal. The safety and security of the Empire, his lands and the Emperor himself, Uhtred VIII. 

"New assignment, sir?" Moreau finally asked. 

"To be honest, I hope so. Patrolling the Gold Coast can be rather dull most of the time." 

"There are rumours the Batarians are building up their forces again." 

"Good for them. But they can't cross the Grampians by foot. Too cold. Far too much snow. We'll know they're coming. And it's been our natural border against any other threats for millennia." 

"You're from the north, aren't you?" 

"Tromso, to the north-east, the very edge of the Empire, no more than half a day's ride from the Grampians. It was the first town the Batarians tried invading. They obviously failed, fools that they are. How they managed to navigate the reef, I'll never know." 

"Shallow bottomed craft, sir. That's what all the reports said." 

"The only thing they can do is come by sea again. And they'll be fools to try. Admiral Anderson has based himself on the Gold Coast, at Portsmouth. He's polite enough to forward the occasional report in my direction. He is receiving the same word but he has more than enough craft to see them off. They might try another raid or two, but they never usually succeed." 

"So what do you think this is about? An invasion of their lands?" 

I shook my head. "Doubtful. Taking their lands would be pointless and add nothing of value to the Empire." 

"You've heard the rumours otherwise? About the new ship?" 

"I have. I doubt they'd give something like that to me, in all honesty." I paused, before adding, "I certainly wouldn't refuse it, particularly if they finally released us out of the reef. Yes, it's kept us safe all these years, but who knows what else is out there? It's the reason why I joined up. The chance to actually explore this world." 

"Europa and the Empire not enough for you?" 

"Our land has been explored. There are no more secrets. Well, only the secrets that men keep." 

Moreau finally quieted down as I rubbed my temples, the dull ache in my head refusing to leave. My own damned fault, and there was nothing I could do except drink water, eat a little food and hope it went away quickly. The ride of the carriage smoothed out the closer we approached Imperial Square, this part of Arcturus certainly far more affluent and near the centre of Empire. The sound of hooves on stone echoed a steady rhythm, and it almost lulled me to sleep, only stirring when the carriage finally came to a stop and Moreau dug me in the ribs. 

Thankfully he paid the carriage-man as I bounded up the steps of Admiralty House, hearing him wish me good luck. He'd return to his quarters immediately, no doubt in preparation for what we'd be doing next. We'd known each other years, and he had always maintained he was happy in his position. 

Calling it the Admiralty House was a misnomer. It was a palace, not as grand as the Imperial, but with twelve stone columns, a broad façade, and the most intricate stonework around each column and even on the doors, it was another statement of power and prestige. 

The doors were thankfully open and I strode in quickly, the heels of my boots clicking on the marble floor. The ceiling towered above us, walls covered in enormous paintings of long ago battles at sea and, a little bizarrely, at land. I made sure I saluted those of seniority as I passed but I certainly received more salutes the closer I approached the meeting room. 

Coming to a stop, I took a deep breath, made sure I looked at least I wasn't nursing a hangover, before stepping into the small office, where the Admirals' clerk was waiting for me. She looked up from her desk, and I noticed the eyes look up and down. "Captain Shepard." Not a question, a statement. I'd seen her before and people knew who I was. "You're here just on time. They're waiting inside." 

"Thank you," I replied, tipping my hat before removing it, sliding through the open door into the large office of the Lord Admiral of the Navy. 

The room was enormous, a sign of status and position, not only in the Navy, but of position in the Empire itself. The Lord Admiral reported directly to the Emperor. His office reflected his position, though many knew he had not changed the office since rising to his position. I couldn't help look around, particularly the large picture of his predecessor against the far wall, before striding towards the enormous mahogany table in the middle of the room, where three men were waiting. In the middle was Lord Admiral Hackett, the lone man entirely responsible for the welfare of the Imperial Navy. To his right was the First Sea Lord, a man by the name of Kirk. To his left was the Lord High Admiral, a member of the Imperial family, the son of the Emperor himself, sharing the same name of his father. I immediately took a knee, crossing my right arm across my chest. "Apologies, Majesty. I did not expect..." I trailed off, utterly embarrassed I hadn't recognised him straight away. 

"Rise, Captain Shepard," the High Admiral requested, meeting my look with a small grin, "My presence here was not initially intended, but was requested by my father." 

"Please, take a seat, captain," Hackett asked. 

Taking a seat across the three of the most powerful men in the Empire would be intimidating to any man. Anything said in this meeting would be reported to the Emperor if his son was present. And I certainly didn't want to make a bad impression in front of Hackett and Kirk. I yearned for something news, something different, and I had an idea that perhaps, just perhaps, that is what would be on offer. 

"Did you enjoy the festivities last night?" Kirk asked. His voice was harsh, gravel, a sign of a long life at sea, shouting orders at others. 

"I did, sir." I kept my answer short, to the point. They wouldn't really want to hear, and I had an inkling they probably already knew what I'd been doing, if Moreau had been right that I had watchers. The Empire didn't spy on its people, as far as I knew, but even I thought that people such as myself would be watched on occasion. 

"You have been the commanding officer of the Expedition for three years now, Shepard. Do you mind if I call you Shepard?" Hackett asked. 

"No, lord." 

"Three years, Shepard. A long time patrolling the coast, and I can only assume a man of your history and capabilities is keen for something more." I didn't reply, as I wasn't sure if I should be completely honest. So he added, "Speak freely, Shepard." 

"It can be a little dull, lord. Our coasts are kept safe by the reefs that ring our land, and the only people that have ever made contact, we beat back rather easily. We have an enormous navy that spends a lot of time at sea, appears to be rather strong, yet does nothing except patrol." I cleared my throat. "Respectfully, lord." 

Hackett shared a brief glance with the two men alongside him. "Anne?" Hackett called. I turned to see his clerk appear at the door. "Please close the doors. And please vacate your office. Lock the main doors. No-one, and I repeat no-one, is to approach nor enter. Have two men stand guard. If anyone dares try to enter, they are to be arrested immediately. I don't care who it is." 

"Of course, lord." 

Nothing was said as we heard those doors closed and locked, before the outer doors were then banged shut. Only then did Hackett clear his throat. "You've been summoned here today for two reasons, Shepard. What you are about to hear today has been a secret held by the Empire for near one hundred years. The only reason we are sharing it now is due to the second reason, which will be told afterwards." 

Kirk leaned forward, holding across a battered folder. Taking it from him, I noticed the stamp stating 'Confidential', and the other stamp stating 'Top Secret'. Immediately wondering what was contained within, I untied the cloth rope and opened the folder. The paper within was slightly faded, though the writing was still legible. I didn't read anything at first, as there were only a few sheets, instead look at the three men across from me. 

"Only four men alive know this secret, Shepard. The three men in front of you, and the Emperor. You will be the fifth man shortly. After that, more will learn once you share your mission," Hackett started. 

Looking at Kirk, he took up the conversation. "Near one hundred years ago, Shepard, the Imperial Navy built a new class of ship. It was enormous, weighing it a little over one thousand tonnes, a crew of four hundred men, two decks with fifty-five guns. It was the largest and most powerful ship ever built. We called it the Dunkerque." That made sense, as it was the scene of one of the greatest battles of the Imperial Wars, where the people of Normandy held out against a more powerful foe for six months before they finally surrendered. 

"I've never heard of it, the ship I mean," I admitted. 

"It's been purposefully written out of history, Shepard," Hackett stated, "The Normandy was sent out past the reefs, the first warship to be sent to explore the world in generations. It was expected to be gone no longer than one year. We had studied old maps from centuries before, of great lands to the west. They were little more than rumours and whispers, but while the Empire is large, if we can discover more land on which to expand, to feed our people and project our power, then they should be claimed by the Empire." 

"The ship never returned," Kirk confessed, "Once it hit five years overdue, the ship was written off as missing, lost at sea. And it was covered up. Anyone alive when the ship was built then disappeared would have long since passed away." 

"Four hundred men lost and it was covered up?" I asked, unable to hide the accusing tone in my voice. 

If they took offence, they made no mention. "To announce the loss of such a ship, Shepard, would have stoked a fear in the people of the Empire that might have been impossible to keep a lid on. Who out there could possibly have taken down a ship of such magnitude? My predecessors felt that same fear, Shepard. So everything about it was stricken from the records. Even the men." 

I couldn't believe what I was being told. I knew the Empire kept secrets, but this was something else entirely. "The ship was sent out alone?" I wondered. 

"Yes. The ship dwarfed anything else in our navy. It was assumed, perhaps incorrectly, that a lone ship of that size and power would have sailed the seas without incident, and hopefully would have returned home with stories to share. New lands, maybe even new people. We are almost alone on this world, Shepard. It would be nice to know if other people were out there." 

"One hundred years, and no-one knows? How do you know, lords?" 

"Each Emperor is passed certain secrets," the Lord High Admiral stated, "Of which the loss of the Dunkerque is one. My great-grandfather took the loss of the ship personally, knowing the idea to explore had been his. He felt the loss of each man, all four hundred, on his very soul. My father was informed when he ascended the throne, and I have been informed due to my position." 
