 History of the Empire: Volume Two (1001-present day) 

Authored by Scribe Bernard Kerr for His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Uhtred VIII 

1192 -- Beginning of the War of the Dragonstone. Norman rulers are increasingly proving tyrannical in the face of growing opposition, as Normandy and Trois-Rivieres grow ever richer, the rest of the Empire stagnating, the people growing resentful. A young lord from the city of Arcturus, taking the name of Uhtred Dragonheart, forms an army and begins a rebellion that soon consumes all twelve realms of the Empire. 

1197 -- The Miracle of the Medina River. Facing an enemy outnumbering them three to one, Uhtred Dragonheart proves his credentials as a leader of men and possible future Emperor, leaving the Norman army shattered, his tactics of cavalry, bow, trebuchet and spear proving too inspired for over-confident Norman generals. 

1199 -- The Grand Alliance. Arcturus, Prussia, Bavaria, Bebbanburg, Hilamshiral and Lavonia sign an alliance to end Norman rule of the continent, and agree that a new Empire, led by Uhtred Dragonheart of Arcturus, will rule at the end of the current conflict. Haafingaar and Nordland attend but signify their intention to remain neutral for self-preservation due to the location of Norman forces at their borders. Uhtred Dragonheart understands their concern and assures their sovereignty regardless. Tomeria remains neutral but allows allied forces to cross its lands. 

1202 -- Uhtred Dragonheart survives an assassination attempt while passing through Tomeria. The assassin is captured, and though wishing to show clemency, he is persuaded to put the assassin to death, to send a message to those who oppose him. The assassin, by a name of Henri Dupont, is hung, drawn and quartered, his head sent by messenger directly to King Louis VII of Normandy. 

1203 -- The Last but One. Trois-Rivieres falls to the forces of Uhtred Dragonheart after a nine-month battle from one border to the other. The city of Saint-Michel opens its gates to prevent its complete destruction. Only Normandy remains in opposition, but despite overtures of peace from Uhtred Dragonheart, guaranteeing certain rights in the new Empire, the kingdom refuses to surrender. 

1204 -- The Siege of Dunkerque, end of the War of the Dragonstone. Last year of the Second Era. Uhtred Dragonheart and his grand army route the forces of the Normans at the border, and marches into Normandy, quickly arriving at the gates of its capital. After a six-month siege, during which thousands die from disease and starvation within the city walls, Dunkerque falls. He is crowned as Emperor on 25th Evening Star, 1204, signalling the end of Norman rule, and the beginning of the Third Era. Arcturus is proclaimed the new capital of the Third Empire. 

'He who holds the Dragonstone rules the World'. 

The Dragonheart family has held the Dragonstone to the present day. 

1220 -- The construction of the Pantheon in Arcturus is completed. It is soon the centre of faith in the Empire. 

1225 -- The construction of the Imperial Palace in Arcturus is completed. Emperor Uhtred I spends his final years living in the palace he helped design. 

1237 -- Emperor Uhtred I, fondly remembered as 'Uhtred the Great', dies at the age of 63. He is succeeded by his son, Ragnar I. 

1252 -- Rebellion flares in Normandy. The first crisis of Ragnar's reign, he shows a deft touch with the ideology of 'talk softly but carry a big stick.' Border clashes do occur in both Normandy and Trois-Rivieres, but with few having the heart for a sustained war, being less than fifty years since the end of the last war, the fighting quickly ends. The rebellion ends peacefully after a summit between the Emperor and King of Normandy. The Dragonheart reign is secured. 

1398 -- A man by the name of Brian is burned as a heretic to 'the Five' in Verona, Tomeria. His crimes were numerous, his most famous claim being that there was only one true God, that all men must repent for their sins, and that we would pay for the crimes of those who came before. He had established a following before his burning, and over the centuries, he was revered as a saint by those who believed in him, and a religion was soon established, called the Church of the Burned Man. So far, those with faith in the Five, and the Empire, have ignored this upstart religion. 

1404 -- The Bicentennial Year for the end of the War of the Dragonstone. Celebrations are held across the Empire though somewhat muted in Normandy and Trois-Rivieres. Talk of rebellion still lingers in some quarters. 

1476 -- The Kingdom of Hilamshiral rises up against the Empire, supported by the Principality of Lavonia. Hilamshiral also forges an alliance with Bebbanburg, catching Prussia by complete surprise, as the three nations being to lay siege to both Prussia and Trois-Riveires, Tomeria remaining neutral though its lands are overrun. The Kingdom of Normandy uses this excuse to launch an assault north into Nordland while assisting in the defence of Trois-Riveires. Arcturus, caught on the back foot, recognises Hilamshiral as the greater threat and goes to war to protect the security of the whole Empire. 

1479 - After a long, bloody war, Hilamshiral forces refuse to surrender until the entire kingdom is overrun, their king captured, its capital in ruins and its lands left scorched. Deaths are in the hundreds of thousands. Emperor Harald I threatens to wipe Hilamshiral off the map. It takes nearly two centuries for Hilamshiral to be fully readmitted to the Empire, remaining effectively a pariah state, cut-off from trade with the other eleven realms. 

1481 -- The Kingdom of Normandy is finally forced out of Nordland, thanks to relief efforts by the Imperial Navy into relieving Imperial forces through Tromso, and the assistance of friends and allies across the Empire. Tired of continuous sabre rattling if not outright rebellion by Norman royalty, King Louis XI is forced to abdicate, his successor handpicked by Harald I, though ensuring the successor is acceptable to the Norman populace. 

1659 -- Portsmouth, a common language named town in Normandy, is proclaimed a city and a naval dockyard is designed and commissioned to be constructed, to be completed by the turn of the century. 

1704 -- The five hundredth anniversary for the end of the War of the Dragonstone. Celebrations are held across the Empire. Emperor Erik II tours the twelve realms. He is surprised by the warm greeting when arriving in Normandy. 

1788 -- The construction of the Great Docks of Arcturus is completed. From this point, Arcturus, already an important trading city, becomes one of the centres of shipping and trade in the Empire. Dunkerque is unhappy that trade is taken away until Arcturus moves the First Imperial Fleet to Portsmouth, with a smaller flotilla to be based near Dunkerque itself. Appreciating the sentiment behind such a gesture, Norman rulers celebrate the arrival of the fleet with a week of festivities. 

1830 -- Emperor Ragnar III marries Marie Antoinette, daughter of King Henry VI of Normandy, bringing the Imperial line and the Kingdom of Normandy closer together. Though an arranged marriage, Ragnar and Marie fall deeply in love, eventually having nine children. This would be a regular occurrence going forward, the male heir of the Dragonheart line marrying the daughter, if one was available, of the Norman throne. If no Norman daughter was available, then a daughter of the Prussian throne would be selected. More often than not, these marriages prove immensely successful. 

1954 -- The seven-hundred and fiftieth anniversary for the end of the War of the Dragonstone. The Empire remains as popular as ever. Emperor Ragnar IV embarks on another tour of the twelve realms. Relations between Arcturus and Normandy, so strained for centuries, are now closer than ever, and his arrival is celebrated with the largest gathering of people seen in Dunkerque in its history. 

2038 -- The Dunkerque sets sail for the ocean blue. Its mission is to discover if the Empire was alone on Europa. It would not return. In 2043, it was considered lost at sea, fate of its men unknown, all evidence stricken from the record.  

2129 -- The Empire learns it is not completely alone for the first time when strange ships are sighted on the horizon to seas north-east of the Gold Coast. Rumours abound as to who the ships belong to. Within six months, the people who would call themselves Batarians launch a surprise raid on the city of Tromso. Though the Empire is victorious, it learned that it was not alone, though are unsure where the Batarians are from. Some believe they are from the other side of the impassable Grampian Alps. Others believe they are from another land across the sea. Many wonder if the Empire should not try and find them, but word is spread that the Empire would rely on its navy and the reef for protection. 

2175 -- Battle of the Five Apostles. A pirate invasion of the Gold Coast, with joint human and batarian ships. During the battle, the captain of the Imperial vessel Mercury is killed, with Lieutenant John Shepard taking command and is responsible for the routing of all enemy forces. In recognition of his service, he is promoted to captain and commissioned to the Expedition, which he would command until 2183. 

***** 

Year 2183 of the Empire (since Foundation Year) 

Year 979 of the Third Era of Empire (Dragonheart Line) 

Lunae, the fifteenth day of Morning Star 

Early morning 

The countdown continued. We were already past the date originally proposed to depart, but even the Lord Admiral realised he was overconfident regarding the original date. Meeting him after my introduction to Serana the previous week, we agreed to no set future departure date, instead wanting everything to be right and proper, and we would depart only then. That took the pressure off us both, and he assured me the Emperor would be happy to know we would not be rushing into such an endeavour, considering the probable tragic outcome of the previous expedition. 

Jane and I had enjoyed our Sunday together, heading into town for dinner and drinks before attending the opera. Wearing our uniforms, having been cleaned and pressed for the occasion, we were again left in fits of giggles as more than one person thought we were a couple. We weren't even doing anything that could possibly be misinterpreted as romantic, but I guess the way we bounced off each other, particularly by making the other laugh, would lead to the incorrect conclusion. 

The opera was magnificent, Jane left in floods of tears. Even I had a lump in my throat. We returned home for a nightcap, that turned into polishing off the bottle, and I somehow carried her to bed in my drunken state before collapsing into my own bed, no doubt snoring away for most of the night. Probably a good thing I was single at times like that. 

So I was nursing a rather nasty hangover wandering into my office the next morning. Samantha took one look at me and had a giggle to herself. I'd been sat at my desk for no longer than an hour or so when Anne, Hackett's personal clerk, wandered into my office. "Shepard?" I looked up as she took one glance at me and smiled. "Heavy night?" 

"My sister is staying with me. We've been doing a lot of catching up. Unfortunately, that also means bottles are being consumed." 

"Ah, I understand. Well, not to make you feel any worse, but the Lord Admiral requests your presence immediately." 

Rising to my feet, I threw on my coat, made myself somewhat presentable in the small mirror I kept, before following her out into the hall, listening to the rhythmic click of her heels on the marble floor. She was a diminutive woman, probably standing no taller than five foot, but she made men even my size nervous with a simple glare. Not that I'd had a problem with her. I'll clarify that. I haven't had a problem with her yet. 

Hackett was waiting for me as always, flanked by the Lord High Admiral and the Sea Lord. I stopped and saluted all three, the Lord High instructing me during one our previous meetings that only a naval salute was required when he was wearing the same uniform. Later than planned, but pleasant news all the same, was that the officer they wished to interview and subsequently commission as my Lieutenant and Executive Officer, all being well, had finally arrived in Arcturus. Accompanied by her CO, they had docked in Portsmouth later than planned, and then raced to the Imperial City. 

"When is the interview?" was the only question I had. 

"The Imperial suite after lunch." 

Returning to my office, I cleared my diary for the afternoon, unsure how long the interview would last. Samantha said she would let anyone who turned up at the office know what was going on, and that she would reschedule any appointment that couldn't be handled by a letter or note. 

Wandering into the suite a few hours later, I couldn't help but stop and stare. Far grander the Lord Admiral's offer, just the design of the coving was intricate and must have been crafted by the finest of artisans. I could feel the eyes of the three lords on me, but they left me to have a brief wander around. It was simply another example of power and prestige, but it wasn't ostentatious in any way. It was always tasteful. The Imperial family knew the power they wielded, and didn't need to show it by gaudy displays of grandeur. 

After another introduction, salute and conversation as we waited, I found myself sat at the end of a long table a few minutes later. Beside me were the Lord High Admiral, the Lord Admiral, the Sea Lord, and also the captain of the Endeavour, who was introduced to us prior to the commencement of the interview. He was the CO of the officer soon to be presented to us. I wasn't expected to ask any questions. The Lord Admiral merely wished for presence for my own personal appraisal of the candidate. I was sure they had the perfect one in mind, and so far, I had yet to challenge a single commission. I figured the Admiralty Board wouldn't send me anyone useless, but I also wanted those who shared my work ideals and ethics. Do the job, do it well, and I will reward you. 

Making polite conversation with the Lord High Admiral beside me, it was a case of filling time until the candidate was summoned. I knew what they were doing. The same thing was done to me. Ratchet up the tension before they were escorted in to face us. Once sat down to face the panel, the candidate would then face a gruelling question and answer session, but it wasn't just the answers itself. It was their immediate reaction, body language, even the tone of voice. Nothing like the pressure of a ship, but it was a reflection of their judgement and character. 

Honestly, I remembered the day of my candidacy vividly and I still think it was one of the hardest things I'd ever done. 

"Anne?" Hackett called. Her face appeared in the doorway immediately, "Escort her in please." 

Thirty seconds later, in strode a striking brunette, who walked with poise and grace, and no end of confidence. The first thing I noticed were her legs, her long legs, and the skin-tight cream trousers she wore. Her coat was also tight to her body, accentuating her feminine curves. Standing in front of the lone chair facing us, she saluted before standing easy. She met all of us in the eye, keeping her face blank, though her eyes were appraising us in return immediately. They lingered on me the most, no doubt assuming I would be her next CO, so probably trying to judge me from just sitting behind a table. 

"Please be seated, Acting Lieutenant," Hackett asked. 

She sat down, knees and feet together, back straight, hands in her lap. She seemed a little tense, though I noticed the subtle, deep breaths she took and she relaxed, though only slightly. I don't care who you are, you will feel nerves sitting alone in front of the Admiralty Board. Taking my eyes from her, I looked at her file. 

Name; Miranda Lawson. 

Age; 33. 

Born; Imperial City of Arcturus. 

Marital status; single. 

Career; Last Commission as Acting Lieutenant to the Endeavour. 

Nothing but commendations from her current and now more than likely previous CO. Exemplary scores in all examinations undertaken. Then I looked at her in surprise, as it appeared the young woman in front me also possessed magic. She seemed to notice my glance as she met it briefly and smirked. No doubt used to causing surprise that way. 

I'm not sure all commission reviews are the same. The three men beside me started with her early life, her schooling, family and anything not to do with her life in the Imperial Navy. She had one sibling, a sister, though her mother had died when she was a child, and she admitted to being estranged from her father. 'Differences of opinion regarding my service to the Empire,' she admitted freely. She also admitted being close to her sister, though she was currently studying at the Imperial College of Orlais, in Normandy. 

"Will leaving your sister behind for a possible length of time in excess of more than a year be an issue?" Kirk, the Sea Lord, asked. 

"My sister is a strong-willed young woman, lord. She doesn't need my presence in her life to achieve what she wants." 

"Are you close?" 

"Incredibly. But I have already spent lengthy time at sea. While I will miss her as much as she misses me, she is already well used to my absence in her life." 

Moving onto her service record, they queried her days at the Imperial Naval Training College in Portsmouth and her overall service record, asking for general opinions on life in the navy and her duties as a commissioned officer. But they were setting her up for the final part of the exam, as it soon turned into what was effectively a 'What if?' exam. What if I was critically injured or killed and mutiny broke out? How would she handle it? In fact, many questions revolved my incapacitation and her effectiveness in taking the lead. Others were about how she would perform her duties, and how she would maintain an effective working relationship with her commanding officer. That was the time to for her to be completely honest, as it was my opportunity to learn about her as a fellow officer and as a woman. 

She was grilled relentlessly for a good few hours. It is a mentally exhausting process but, in my opinion, she'd passed with flying colours. Before closing the interview, all candidates are given an opportunity to make a closing statement. It is widely known that the statement is kept brief and concise. The interviewers have already learned everything they need to know, but it's a final chance to make your case if you believe it hasn't gone well. 

Miranda was obviously confident as she kept it short and succinct. "I believe my service record speaks for itself, lords. And I believe that I will be an asset to the Normandy and the perfect subordinate Captain Shepard will need when he assumes command of the vessel." 

"Thank you, Lieutenant Lawson. If you can please wait outside, we'll call you in once we've made our decision," Hackett said. 

Lawson rose, saluted us all again before she strode out. My eyes wanted to check her out, but I was a gentleman, and ignored her walking out of the room as I turned towards the other men. They spoke only glowing words about her, and I think none of them had any hesitation about her commissioning her to the Normandy. I remained quiet until they all turned to me. "Your opinion, Captain?" Hackett asked. 

I wanted to make a joke about keeping her forever. But figuring I should return a serious response, I said, "She was a very impressive candidate, lord." 

"Do you believe you can build an effective working relationship with her during your time at sea?" 
