 The Twelve Realms of Empire: Volume One

Authored by Scribe Bernard Kerr for His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Uhtred III

Imperial City of Arcturus (south-centre)

City-State

Population: 3,000,000

Centre of the Third Empire, the city of Arcturus has grown from a small fishing village on the western side of the Red River to now be rightly regarded as the centre of the Empire. Each Emperor has resided in the city for over nine hundred years, the city continuously rebuilt and improved over the centuries. The centre of the city is now an architectural marvel, with broad avenues and thoroughfares, lined with grand palaces and buildings that house various departments that help run the Empire. The dockyards by the river and leading towards the harbour are the largest on the continent, helping trade flow along the coast.

Kingdom of Normandy (east)

Population: 5,500,000

Capital: Dunkerque (pop. 2,000,000)

Major cities: Portsmouth, Orlais

The Norman conquest of Europa is in the distant past, but for centuries, Normandy ruled the Second Empire. Dunkerque, a magnificent city situated near the coast, retains its reputation as a centre of art, learning and culture. The Imperial College of Orlais, the second largest city of Normandy, is still the finest university on the continent. Though the Normans were not appreciative of Portsmouth being named in the common tongue, it's importance to the region is without question and a sign of Imperial trust in its one-time enemy.

Kingdom of Prussia (north-west)

Population: 4,500,000

Capital: Brandenburg (pop. 2,350,000)

Major cities: Pomeranian

Centre of the First Empire, the glory days of Prussian rule are beyond the distant past. However, Arcturus has long relied on Prussian might for protection, despite the distance between the two nations, primarily due to Norman antagonism for over a millennium. It is thanks to Dragonheart diplomatic efforts that the two largest kingdoms of the continent retain friendly relations and any talk of Norman rebellion has long since subsided. With similarities in language, culture and ethics between Prussia and Arcturus, the Kingdom of Prussia and the Imperial City remain firm friends.

Principality of Trois-Rivieres (centre)

Population: 3,000,000

Capital: Saint-Michel (pop. 1,750,000)

Steadfast allies of the Kingdom of Normandy, the two nations histories have been intertwined since the early days of the First Empire. The two nations share common language and culture, with Saint-Michel, its capital lying on the Loire River, considered one of the most beautiful in the entire Empire, its standout feature its tree-lined boulevards leading to the Princes Palace at the centre of the city.

Grand Duchy of Bavaria (south-east)

Population: 2,500,000

Capital: Nordlingen (pop. 1,250,000)

Bavaria is a pleasant, peaceful nation. Large in land, small in population, it has generally remained neutral throughout most conflicts but was the first nation to support the Dragonheart throne. Its beaches are some of the most popular on the continent during the summer.

Kingdom of Bebbanburg (west)

Population: 2,500,000

Capital: Jorvik (pop. 1,100,000)

During the glory days of the First Empire, Bebbanburg was the most important nation on the continent after Prussia, with Jorvik the centre of the Imperial Army at the time. But those days are long past, and Jorvik is now a crumbling reminder of Bebbanburg power during the first millennia.

*****

Year 2183 of the Empire (since Foundation Year)

Year 979 of the Third Era of Empire (Dragonheart Line)

Iovis, the eighteenth day of Morning Star

Mid-afternoon

"Captain, sir."

Glancing up, Samantha stood in the doorway, looking rather nervous about something. "What is it?" I wondered.

"The Lord Admiral wishes to see you immediately."

"And what has you looking like someone just gave you one hell of an almighty fright?" I asked, rising to my feet and putting on my coat.

"His clerk, sir," she whispered once I was near, "She's a little... intimidating."

"Who, Anne?" I couldn't help chuckle. "She's as sweet as apple pie."

"She does look rather fierce."

"Well, I would too if I had to deal with everything the Lord Admiral has to on a daily basis. Don't take it personally, Samantha."

"I'll try. I guess we won't be seeing much more of her anyway."

"Are you still adamant about coming"?

"Absolutely, sir. It's the chance of a lifetime. I'd be daft to throw it away."

As news of the Normandy was still not public, though more and more people were obviously learning of the ship and nature of the mission, Admiralty House remained busy, but one would not think the departure of such a grand ship was imminent. Apart from my commissioned officers, NCOs and crew, it appeared no-one but those who needed to know were aware of what was looming on the horizon. Having been working in the building for a couple of weeks by now, my face was known. I hadn't made friends with anyone, that was pointless considering departure was imminent, but I'd already established friendly relations with colleagues, receiving plenty of salutes and greetings as I strode down the marbled hall.

Still wondering what the Lord Admiral could possible want with me, I strode into his clerk's office. Anne was obviously expecting me, as she simply gestured to the partially open door. Politely knocking as always, I didn't wait for a response, striding in to see the Lord Admiral leaning back against his desk, deep in thought. Coming to a halt, I saluted as always. "You requested my presence, sir." A statement. No point questioning it.

He nodded, walking towards me. "I did, Shepard. I hope your afternoon is clear. You have been summoned to dine with the Emperor." I know my jaw dropped wide. I couldn't help it. Hackett actually smiled at my reaction. "I'm sure it's a surprise, but as you're aware, the Emperor knows of the ship and its mission, and he wants to dine with you and learn more about you before you depart. He knows enough from what he has read of your file, but he wants to meet the man behind all the words."

"It would be an honour, sir."

"Good, as we're leaving now. The carriage is waiting outside."

It was always interesting to walk alongside the Lord Admiral through the halls of Admiralty House. Subordinates practically leapt out of his way. He could be an intimidating man, of course, but I knew he had the respect of every man who served under him. It wasn't fear at all. In conversations with his closest subordinates, they claimed he never raised voice. Usually it was his tone, his mannerisms, and the look in his eyes that spoke what he thought. He tolerated mistakes, as long as they were learned from. But he wouldn't tolerate men who shirked responsibility, who were lazy and ineffective, and he made sure anyone who embarrassed the Imperial Navy and the Emperor never served again.

The carriage, not the black and gold of the Imperial, was painted the navy and gold of the Navy. Slightly smaller, it required only four horses. During our journey, Hackett explained some of the ceremony and preparation that would occur prior to my meeting with the Emperor. The road rose as the Imperial Palace was placed on the only major elevation within the walls of the city, designed as a statement, the Emperor looking over his subjects. The only building that neared the height of the palace was the Pantheon.

Passing through the gates before pulling up outside the palace, one couldn't stop and gaze in wonder. The finest stone had been quarried to build it long ago. It wasn't as large as people believed. There were no columns in front, only a grand set of doors, on which battles of years' past were carved. In the centre was the symbol of the Imperial family and crest of the Empire. Large, rectangular windows lined each wall, suggesting that inside were two floors, a ground and an upper. High above, there were more symbols of empire in the guttering, with numerous designs of dragon looking out over the city. For those who remembered long ago, the symbol of the Second Empire had been the lion. The dragon had defeated the lion to herald the coming of the Third Empire.

The grand doors were opened as the Lord Admiral and I approached, walking into an entrance hall that was breathtakingly exquisite, and if a sign of what was to come, then the inside was going to be far more impressive than outside. The ceiling appeared to be miles above us, with artwork that, if I had time, I'd have taken hours to appreciate. Adoring the walls were grand portraits of previous Emperors or frescoes and further artwork. The floor was marble though we strode along the softest carpet imaginable. Ahead of us was a line of people, I assumed stewards and servants to the Emperor. A mixture of male and female, all of them dressed in fine looking suits or dresses, barely a spec of dirt between them. They bowed as we stopped before them.

"Lord Admiral, a pleasure as always."

"Thank you, William. Are you well?"

"As always, lord." He then turned to me. "Captain Shepard, pleasure to meet you. Before you meet the Emperor, you will join me and fellow stewards. There are matters of protocol and ceremony to attend to."

"Nothing to worry about, Shepard," Hackett added, "Everyone goes through the same thing when meeting the Emperor the first time."

As the Lord Admiral proceeded towards another pair of enormous double doors, flanked either side by a soldier of the Imperial Guard, I was led off to another room. It appeared to be some sort of washroom, proven when William turned to me and ordered me, politely, to remove my clothing. Obviously, I hesitated. "You have nothing I have not seen before, sir, but you must be washed, perfumed, and re-dressed before you see the Emperor. All subordinates do this beforehand."

"And the Lord Admiral?"

A slight smirk. "Even he did it the first time. A matter of protocol. Rest assured, Captain, it is nothing to be embarrassed about." He gestured behind, where a large bath lay waiting, and the steam rising suggested the water was hot. "First, you will bathe. Then you will be shaved. Then you will be given new clothing. Your current clothing will be washed, pressed, and returned when you depart this evening."

Anyone offended by nudity didn't belong in the navy. Granted, as a gentleman, you would normally act with at least a little decorum, but while I didn't expect to be washed and dressed, I wasn't worried. After undressing, I was led to the bath, noticing one or two of the girls have a cheeky peek at what was between my legs. My arms were grabbed as I lowered myself into the water, given a couple of minutes to relax and settle before they began to wash me. Ever been washed by a few women before? It was hard not to find it at least a little erotic, silently willing for my body not to react, though they helped relax me by chatting away about life in the palace, and they had the hands of those who performed physical labour all day. William simply observed, a blank look on his face. He'd no doubt done this hundreds of times before.

Being shaved wasn't a problem, as though I could do it myself, I did prefer a manservant or barber to perform the task when I was ashore. Standing naked in front of William, I was then doused in powder before being wiped down, then some sort of perfume sprayed on me. I have to admit, I smelled rather nice. Clothing was then laid out in front of me, the same as I always wore, but the feel of it in my fingers suggested it was the finest of fibres available. Once I was dressed, William looked me up and down carefully, making sure my hair was combed, my clothes brushed down again, my boots given a final polish. "You are a good looking man, Captain."

"Um, thanks."

"Single?"

"Yes. Haven't met the right woman yet."

"You will soon."

"Being at sea makes it rather difficult. And, if I were to marry and have children, how often would I see them? My love of being at sea, my need and want to be on a ship riding the waves... I guess a ship will always be my first love. She would have to be one hell of a woman to replace that feeling." Why was I telling him all this?

William nodded, perhaps in understanding, before he changed the topic. "Now, one last thing. When you enter the throne room, walk only on the carpet directly to the steps leading to the throne. Do not gawk or look around, but do not stare at the Emperor either. Once you are six paces from the steps, stop, and fall to one knee. Bow your head. Cross your right arm across your chest, fist over your heart. Extend your left arm forty-five degrees, elevated, palm flat, fingers pointing out." He demonstrated what he meant. "State only 'Your Imperial Majesty'. He will then reply 'Rise, Captain Shepard.' He may choose to walk down the steps to shake your hand, he may choose to remain seated." He paused before adding, "He will generally shake the hand of those who serve in his name. Once pleasantries are exchanged, you will find him rather delightful company. You may ask questions, but steer clear of politics, religion and sex unless he otherwise broaches the subject."

With all that ringing in my ears, he stood to the side and gestured for me to leave. The doors into the throne room were again closed, the guards opening them as I approached. Continuing along the carpet, I kept my head straight though allowed my eyes to wander. The room was spectacular. The throne itself was a work of art, though I don't believe it was solid gold. Probably painted or a light film of gold over something else. The Lord Admiral was standing off to one side, the Emperor sitting on his throne, watching my approach.

Six paces from the steps, I carried out the required gestures as instructed. Surprising myself, I felt barely a nerve as I bent down on one knee. "Your Imperial Majesty," I stated in a firm, clear voice.

"Rise, Captain Shepard," the Emperor replied, immediately rising and walking down the steps. I'd only seen the Emperor once in my life, and that had been from a distance. Up close, he was a tall, broad man. I knew he had been trained in warfare, despite the twelve realms being mostly at peace since his birth. I couldn't remember his exact age, though the grey that appeared in his blonde hair suggested he was older than me, but younger than the Lord Admiral. His blue eyes that met mine spoke of wisdom and truth. He had a beard, untouched by grey, and well-trimmed. His handshake was firm. Letting go of my hand, he stepped back as I stood easy, hands at my back. "Are you well?"

"Yes, Your Majesty."

He smiled and waved a hand. "None of that, Captain Shepard. While we dine, please, call me Uhtred."

"Then I will be Shepard, Your Maj..." I trailed off.

Now he chuckled. "It will take a little getting used to. Steven still insists on using my title, even after all these years."

"It is merely respect, Your Majesty."

"He says that, but I think he merely wishes to push my buttons, see if I'll react," Uhtred whispered towards me.

He took me on a tour of the throne room, and now that I had a chance to look around, it was magnificent. There were trophies of war on display, the finest armour and weapons, heraldry adorning each pillar from the twelve realms, pictures of relations distant and close. He explained detail about some of the things we looked at, though mostly left me to gaze in silence. It was staggering, a real sign of power and prestige. I knew that, every so often, artefacts were relocated to the Imperial Museum, so the people could also gaze upon them. Many told the history of us as a people, even going further back than the beginning of legends. Those who studied in history were consistently digging up the past, leaving us to wonder who came before.

Eventually the tour finished, and I was led towards a grand dining room. The table must have been fifteen feet long, if not longer, made of the finest oak men could find, varnished so you could see your own reflection. But the room was also cosy and warm, the large windows providing a view of the city. There were only three places set, so I assumed no-one else would be joining us. "My dear wife, Haelga, sends her regards, Shepard, but she is currently residing at our estate in Bebbanburg. My daughter is expecting her first child, and Haelga wanted to be there for it. I will journey once I receive word the child is born."

"Congratulations, sire."

He nodded his thanks. "It's always nice to know the line of succession is secure. My first born son has yet to have an heir of his own, but I'm confident he and his wife will shortly provide us with children."

We took our seats at the table, and over the next couple of hours, I feasted upon some of the finest food I ever would in my life. The most succulent, tender of meats. The freshest of vegetables. Fruits from across the twelve realms. Cakes, breads and pastries baked only that morning for our meal. On top of that, the Emperor ensured a cask of the finest ale was provided, the Lord Admiral giving me a quick glance of 'behave yourself'. I ensured I only sipped at my drink. And, I'll have to admit, the Emperor provided delightful conversation. He asked plenty of questions of myself, as although aware of my service record, he wanted to know more about me as a man. I only hoped that what I said impressed him.

I also asked him one or two questions, ensuring I didn't stray into any topic that would cause offence, showing general interest in life at the palace and also life as the Emperor. He was surprisingly honest, admitting that he knew he was privileged, but he used that privilege to ensure he provided for his people. But the Emperor also ruled by divine right. The throne and the Five was inextricably linked. The Emperor was not a god, he was only a man, but it was a belief, held by all, that the Emperor ruled at the pleasure of the Five. That is why his forefather had taken the throne, obtained the Dragonstone, and heralded the beginning of the new era.

Once the meal was completed and an aperitif served, we retired to a sitting room, a roaring fire providing warmth, sitting in the most comfortable of chairs, the upholstery alone art in itself, as the Emperor finally broached the subject at hand. "Shepard, as captain of the Normandy, you have been set what many might think an impossible task. Be honest, what do you think are the chances of finding any remnants of the ship or our people?"

I sipped at my glass, taking time to get my thoughts in order, before replying. "It's been one hundred years, sire. Finding the ship? Well, if it still floats, and they've managed to keep up with repairs, there is a slight chance. But, honestly, I doubt we'll find it unless it crashed ashore. If it sank, it will be somewhere on the ocean floor. Regarding the people, one could only hope they have managed to survive somehow. At heart, I find it impossible that, even if the Dunkerque did sink, all hands would have been lost."

"You believe there might have been survivors? But why have they not returned?"

"It's possible they never have an opportunity, even after all this time. And if the chart showing the only navigable route was lost, that would make it even more perilous."

"Your officers, the ladies and gentlemen under your command. Are you confident?"

I glanced at Hackett before replying. "The Admiralty and the various boards responsible for commissioning officers have provided me with the finest people available. If we judged the mission on that alone, then all this should a success."

"And the Normandy itself?"

"I was left speechless, sire. Absolutely speechless. I've never seen anything like it before, obviously. But the way it's designed, its curves, it masts and the way the sails would hang, as I can see them in my mind, the mere colour of the wood used... It's enough to bring a tear to the eye, sire. I still can't stop smiling about the fact that the ship will be under my command once we weigh anchor and set sail."
