 The Twelve Realms of Empire: Volume Two 

Authored by Scribe Bernard Kerr for His Imperial Majesty, Emperor Uhtred VIII 

Kingdom of Nordland (north-east) 

Population: 2,150,000 

Capital: Viking (pop. 900,000) 

Major cities: Tromso 

Home to some of the fiercest warriors on Europa, Nordland was the last holdout to full Norman control during the formation of the Second Empire. After the Norman invasion during the Rebellion of 1476, the Nords held their line for five years before the Norman Army, bruised, bloodied and battered, was sent packing back over the border. Relations remained strained to this day. It is only thanks to the efforts of the Emperor, and friendly overtures from the ruling family of Normandy, that war has not flared again. 

Kingdom of Tomeria (centre) 

Population: 2,000,000 

Capital: Verona (pop. 900,000) 

Lying in the centre of the continent, Tomeria has always found itself wedged in between larger, more powerful neighbours. Generally, the nation tries to remain neutral but has remained a loyal servant, when its lands are not being overrun, to the Dragonheart Emperors. 

Principality of Lavonia (south-west) 

Population: 1,500,000 

Capital: Bergen (pop. 800,000) 

Lavonia has remained forever regretful for its role in the Rebellion of 1476. Always one of the smallest nations on the continent, it threw its minimal weight behind Hilamshiral, hoping to expand its borders. The rebellion failed dismally, and Lavonia was fortunate not to disappear from Imperial maps. To prove its loyalty, Lavonia continues to pay a tithe to Arcturus to this day, though it was no longer necessary centuries ago. Each Emperor, appreciating such a gesture, ensures that tithe is reinvested only in Lavonia. 

Grand Duchy of Haafingaar (north-centre) 

Population: 1,500,000 

Capital: Haafinburg (pop. 650,000) 

Close friends and sometime allies of Nordland, the two people sharing language and culture, Haafingaar has always been something of a provincial backwater, nestled as it is against the Grampian Alps. 

Grand Duchy of the Summer Isles (islands to south west of Lavonia) 

Population: 850,000 

Capital: Stornaway (pop. 400,000) 

The sometimes forgotten nation, Summer Isle is home to the only coloured people of the Empire. With its own distinctive culture and language, the Summer Isle is a popular holiday destination for citizens from across the continent. Or, it is to those who can afford to travel there. 

Kingdom of Hilamshiral (west-centre) 

Population: 750,000 

Capital: Vonteaux (pop. 300,000) 

Now the smallest nation of the Empire by size, population and most other measures of a nation, Hilamshiral is but a shadow of its former self. Vonteaux was destroyed during the Rebellion of 1476, most of its lands left scorched, though Vonteaux itself is slowly being rebuilt over the following centuries. After years of suffering, the Imperial family personally started to funnel money into the country to help it recover. However, many nations remember the Rebellion and, even centuries later, relations remain strained. 

***** 

Year 2183 of the Empire (since Foundation Year) 

Year 979 of the Third Era of Empire (Dragonheart Line) 

Mercuri, the twenty-fourth day of Morning Star 

Dawn 

I woke with the golden light that slowly filtered through my window and curtains. I had slept well, despite the conflicting emotions of excitement and nerves that had bubbled up underneath my relatively calm exterior the closer departure day approached. I lay back in silence for a few minutes, enjoying the comfort of my own bed for a little longer. While I was away, a cleaning lady would visit once a week to keep it tidy and relatively dust free, as if the house was still lived in. I was tempted to rent it out while I was away, but never knowing when I would return, I didn't like the idea of kicking people out. 

Finally getting out of bed, I hurried downstairs to heat some water so I could wash. It would be the final time I could have a real scrub, as although one can wash while at sea, the opportunities can be few and far between. Carrying the bowl back to my room, I knocked at Jane's door when passing, hearing her shout, albeit sleepily, that she was awake. I figured she was still snuggled under the blankets, also enjoying her last few moments of comfort. 

I washed myself from head to toe, then shaved for the final time before departure. I would grow a beard like many of the crew though would keep it as neat and trimmed as possible. Some men, particularly my fellow officers, still attempted to keep a clean shaved face while at sea, though it was the one rule I relaxed when I took command the first time. In addition, a beard does protect the face from the worst the sea and weather can throw at you. The Sea Lord, Kirk, was an example of a weather-beaten, sea-battered face. 

Taking my time dressing, I ensure my uniform was in pristine condition. It would be the last time it would look so nice and clean in months. I had plenty of spare clothing, though I had already sent that out to the ship. I would arrive today with nothing more than the clothes on my back, hat on my head, sword in its fine leather scabbard at my hip, and my new leather boots, which would hopefully survive time at sea. I had my old pair as a spare, hoping I wouldn't need them again. After buttoning up my jacket and smoothing down any creases, I stood in front of the mirror. What stared back at me was an officer of the Imperial Navy, a gentleman, and hopefully the man that would discover the answers to a mystery over one hundred years in the making. 

Closing my bedroom door, figuring I wouldn't see it again for over a year or more, I rapped my knuckles against the other bedroom door. "Come in," I heard Jane call. 

Walking in, I came to a stop as she was busy checking herself out in the mirror, before looking at me, a little concerned. "How do I look?" 

"Like an officer of the Imperial Navy, Acting Lieutenant." I paused before adding, "And even I can admit that my little sister has blossomed into a beautiful young woman." 

She returned a rather sweet smile before looking back in the mirror, still smoothing out her uniform. "Are you nervous?" 

"Not at all." 

"I'll admit; I feel a few butterflies. I'm not sure if it's the promotion, or the new ship, or the fact we are leaving everything we know behind." 

"I'm sure it's a little bit of everything. But, rest assured, you'll feel just fine once we step on board the Normandy." 

There was a loud knock at the front door. Jane told me she'd be ready in a moment, so I headed downstairs. A carriage-man, wearing the uniform of the navy, was waiting for me. "Captain Shepard?" I nodded. "The Lord Admiral has provided transport. I believe your sister will be with you?" I nodded again. "And I've been instructed to stop at the Pantheon on route to the docks?" 

"Ah, that will be to collect Sister Leliana. Just one minute, good man, and we shall be ready to depart." 

"As you wish, Captain." 

He walked back and clambered up into the seat on his carriage as I waited for Jane to appear. I heard the door shut upstairs and watched her carefully walk down the staircase. I took one last look around the bottom floor, wondering as to the date of when I'd next see it. If I'd see it at all. Before leaving the house, Jane wanted one last hug with her big brother. "Can't do this on the ship," she said quietly into my ear before she placed her own hat on her head and walked out the door. Closing and locking up, I climbed into the carriage and the horses immediately pulled us forward. 

"Take in all the sights, sounds and smells, Jane. We won't be seeing any of this again any time soon," I suggested as we made our way to the Pantheon. 

"Guess I'd better get used to the endless blue ocean once we are on the ship, eh?" 

"True, but even between the coast and reef, we see the most magnificent of aquatic creatures. Ever seen a group of dolphins' swim by your vessel? Wonderful, beautiful creatures." 

"You love the sea, don't you? I mean, I know you do, it's obvious. But hearing you speak of it sometimes..." 

"It was a calling, Jane. It's why I signed up as soon as I could. The only negative during my entire time was that damned reef and the refusal of being allowed to explore." 

"I am wondering something." I glanced at her. "Why now?" 

I shrugged before replying. "I guess with the new ship at our disposal, they feel confident enough to send us into the unknown again but know we shall return." 

Pulling up outside the Pantheon, I could see Leliana waiting beside one of the columns. Stepping out of the carriage, I stood with the door open as she walked forward, ensuring I gestured to her at the same time. She returned a smile as she stopped for a moment in from of me. "Good morning, Captain Shepard," she said softly. 

"Good morning, Sister. Are you well?" 

"I'll admit to a feeling of much excitement, Captain." 

"It's an hours or so ride to the dock from here. I'm sure that will build even further between here and there." 

Helping her into the carriage, she took the spare space next to me as I climbed up, shut the door and banged on the roof for the driver to depart. I noticed the glance Jane gave me as I settled in for the journey. It was slightly suggestive, and I think she bit down one or two comments before finally turning to simply look out the window. Leliana did the same beside me, the only sounds being the rattle of the carriage rolling over the stones that made up the road and the clip of the horseshoes as they carried us ever closer to our destination. 

The tent village by the docks had practically disappeared as there was no point to its existence once the Normandy departed. The carriage pulled up beside a temporary pier that had been built since the first day I'd seen my ship, the pier extending all the way out to where the Normandy was currently anchored. My officers were currently lined up waiting for me. All the crew would already be on board, and I would make a speech to them there before we departed. I stepped down from the carriage, offering my hand to Leliana, helping her down, before doing the same for Jane, the two falling into line with the rest. They all saluted as I passed by, returning the salute as I did so, feeling them follow behind me as I strode forward. The pier wasn't exactly the most secure of constructions, no doubt ready to be torn down as soon as we left. 

At the plank that would escort us across, a pair of marines waited for us, saluting as I passed by. I whispered a final prayer to the gods before my foot stepped on the Normandy for the first time. All around, the crew were making last minute preparations. Master-at-Arms Aela, calling her by her first name as requested, noticed my arrival and saluted. Returning the salute, I gestured she continue with whatever she was doing now. Walking up the quarterdeck, Quartermaster Moreau was already at the wheel, no doubt dreaming of piloting the ship across the worst waves imaginable, adding to that, hoping we'd end up in some sort of battle, where he could truly prove his prowess with the wheel. My officers gathered around as I looked forward towards the bow. 

"Simply magnificent," Master Pressly stated, "Seeing her from the shore is one thing. But actually standing on her..." 

Standing on the quarterdeck, the three masts reached for the heavens above, the sails as white as snow. Even at anchor, the ship made those usual noises one would expect, suggesting the very wood beneath our feet was alive. It was a clear, warm day, the smell of salt in the air. I could see my officers waiting for me to say something. Everyone knew their jobs. Knew what was required of them. "I'll make a speech to the entire crew once we're ready to go. For now, move to your stations and prepare for departure." 

They all saluted again and dispersed to where they should be. I stayed near the wheel, Moreau lazily leaning against it. Master Pressly had a small table on which he had placed a compass, sextant, map and notepad on which he would plot our course. Aela approached me a couple of minutes later, suggesting we could cast-off within the hour, Pressly agreeing with her assessment. Most men were in position, ready to depart. Thanking her, Pressly started issuing orders to rig and prepare sails. 

I could hear orders for the men to come up to the deck. There was no chance they'd all fit on the deck itself. Many climbed the rigging so they could see me. Many wouldn't have seen me before, though I believed most would have heard of me, even before their recruitment. From my position above the deck, all my officers lined up in front of me, hats removed from the head. Behind, the enlisted men lined up as best they could, but it wasn't important. More men were hanging from the rigging, some even on the right rung of the masts above. Whether they'd actually hear me or not, who knows... 

"Ladies and gentleman, welcome to your new home, the Normandy! 

Many of you gathered in front of me would not know my face but might know my name. I am John Shepard, captain of this mighty vessel. It is a new design, a ship never built before. It is called a man-of-war, a new class of ships being built called Ships of the Line. It is an honour that the Lord Admiral and Emperor himself has placed this vessel and its crew in my hands. 

There has probably been much conversation, whisper and rumours about the purpose of this vessel. I will now make our task crystal clear. For the first time in one hundred years, a ship of the Empire will pass through the Great Barrier Reef. Our task is two-fold. One, to locate evidence of the first ship to pass through the reef. It was called the Dunkerque and it failed to return from its maiden voyage. There is hope within the Admiralty that we will locate survivors from that ship, whether it was wrecked or attacked. But the second objective is most important. We have been tasked to sail the ocean blue and discover how alone or not we are on this world. We know of the Batarians, but their numbers appear few, their technological progress behind ours, and there is no desire to locate their homeland. But there is belief that there must be more people beyond the reef. The Emperor wishes to know who is out there, and if they will be friend or foe of the Empire. 

We will be gone for many months. More than likely a year. Of what is beyond the reef, information is scarce and maps are mere guesswork rather than fact. We are all travellers and explorers aboard this vessel. When we return to Arcturus, we will all have stories to share. And it is my solemn vow to each and every one of you, whether enlisted man or officer, that you will see our homeland again. 

Sister Leliana, please commence the prayer." 

Leliana stepped forward and invoked the will of the gods, to provide a strong wind, to protect us from storms, to shield us from the enemy, to provide us with a safe journey back to port. Nearly every man and woman in front of me was devout, arm across their chest, right hand above their heart, fingers spread wide as a symbol of the Five. I did the same as I listened to that wonderful accented voice. 

Once she was finished, she stepped back. "Ladies and gentleman of the Normandy, prepare to set sail. Mister Pressly, weigh anchor and billow the sails. We have a world to discover!" 

There were cheers from the decks and voices quickly rose above them, orders flying between officer and enlisted man as the ship was prepared for launch. I watched men climbed the rigging to prepare the sails. One man climbed even further to the crow's nest, a small basket placed at the top of the centre mast. I noticed he climbed around the outside of the basket, to show his skill and courage. Any man who used the ladder inside, the obvious and safer option, was mocked by his fellow sailors. 

Standing next to Moreau, I did ask, "Believe you can handle this ship in the roughest weather, Moreau?" 

I believed he did but wanted to hear the belief in his voice. The polio had left his legs weakened, but his upper body appeared strong. But the wheel required strength in both legs and arms. Feet needed to be planted and it took strength from ankles to groin. Moreau looked and me and smirk. "I've been working on something to help, Captain," he replied, leaning down to lift his trouser leg, showing what appeared to be a thin iron bar along his leg, "There are leather straps around my ankle, knee and thigh. Reinforced iron. Probably strong than bone, sir." 

I crouched down to have a look. "Remarkable, Moreau. You did this yourself?" 

"I had a bit of help from Doctor Chakwas. She's a wise old woman." 

I gave him a look. "I wouldn't be calling her old to her face, Moreau. But this will help with stability and strength?" 

"Sir, the only time I'll be taking the damned things off is when I sleep. Chakwas believes these will help me remain on my feet even in the worst of seas, and will definitely help me at the wheel. Granted, I'll need the occasional spare hands if it gets really bad." 

There was a noise, looking up to see the forward sail had already captured the wind, the ship lurching forward as it pulled on ropes that attached it to the peer. I could hear orders the ropes to be cut, as they were not required, not part of our rigging. 

"Anchor's up, Master!" I heard a call. 

"Hoist the main sail!" Pressly ordered. Once that was billowing, the ship would feel like it was taking off. The rear sail had also captured the wind, as the ropes attaching us to the pier were severed, the ship moved forward under the wind for the first time. There was another loud cheer, Moreau immediately turning us to port so we could leave the harbour. A few people had remained at shore to see us off, seeing them wave us goodbye. I knew that the newspapers would be full of news about our ship and departure. The people of Arcturus would only see upon our on return, whenever that happened to be. 

"Captain, this new sail design, the spinnaker. When would you like it unfurled?" Pressly asked. 

"Once we're past the reef, Pressly. For now, let's just do what we normally do." 

"Aye-aye, sir. I'll have the men prepare it for then, sir." He consulted his compass and sextant, calculating speed and position. We had already checked the maps and had to aim for a singular point in the reef. And passing through that alone would take a long time and plenty of calculation. It took only fifteen minutes to be past the headlands, and ahead was only the ocean blue. "Quartermaster, tack starboard, thirty degrees. Keep her on that heading until further notice." 

"Aye-aye, Master." Moreau wouldn't know when it was at thirty degrees. Pressly would call out when the ship was pointed in the right direction. The boat turned easily, Moreau barely having to strain to make it tack. I'd been told she handled like a dream, but standing at the bridge near the two men, if this was what it was going to be like, at least when it was calm... 

"Thirty degrees, Captain. We are now fifty miles from the Great Barrier Reef and the lone entry point," Pressly reported. 

I checked my watch. "Once we're at full sail, take the average speed. We should do eight knots, though I had it reported that it will do nine. Though the weight currently on board may slow us to begin with." 

"And with the spinnaker?" he wondered. 

"If it truly catches the wind, we could top twelve. Those were the estimates of the man who designed it." 

Moreau couldn't help whistling. "I'd heard rumours, sir," Pressly stated before trailing off. 
