 Amara collapsed once she released her telekinetic hold on Doron's space craft. Luckily Doron was there and caught her. He was genuinely intrigued by the human woman. She was the only female to heat his blood in the life exchange, and yet, she was not of his kind. Marlette had never brought him to arousal in the life exchange and she had drank from him almost weekly. Doron knew he had to bed this woman, this human. She had tasted his blood, a dangerous thing for a human to do in small quantities. If she'd had too little, his blood would act like a poison and kill her in hours, but if she had sufficient nothing would happen. There was a fine balance of taking just enough to keep her human. If she drank more she'd become an immortal like him. 

He knew he'd have to give her more and force the change on her. She'd let the vampires take too much of her own blood. Even if she drank enough to keep his blood from acting like a poison, she'd likely die tonight if she didn't receive more blood, and then she'd become a vampire because of her lifestyle choices. She'd spent years among them and had too much vampire blood in her system to keep her from changing once she died. At least that's what the female vampire named Jasmine had told him. She also told him that becoming a vampire was not what Amara wanted right now. She had two half human children that could still go into the daylight. She wanted to be able to remain with them during the day.

He had to give her more blood, "Lady Giana," Doron said, "I need to get her to her quarters and administer more of my blood to her." They kept low voices as the approached the abandoned theatre.

"Landon is waiting at the door for us, and he'll lead you to her quarters." Lady Giana replied. They walked swiftly to the door of the theatre. As specified, Landon was waiting for them.

"Doron, Jasmine will take you to Amara's chambers. She can help get more blood into her, as we have a blood bank on site full of human blood. You aren't required to give her anymore of you own supply." Landon informed him, inviting the group indoors.

"I only need be shown where she resides, the rest I will do. She already has immortal blood in her system, if she doesn't get enough of it, my blood will act like a poison and quicken her death. She needs more of my blood." Doron said, worry coloring his tone. He really didn't want to chance her dying, plus, he really wanted to feel that heat again. He wouldn't pull her against him again, that seemed to scare her the last time. He'd lay beside her, his body pressed into the bed so she didn't feel his manhood rise in excitement. He'd also try to keep his breathing under control, but even the thought of that had him having a hard time trying to control his emotions and bodily reactions. Just the thought of this mere human woman was practically sending him over the edge like an untried boy. He hadn't been that in almost a millennia. It had to be a fluke, but then he remembered being drawn to her even before the life exchange. Yes, she was lovely, perfection incarnate even, but it was more than that.

He felt the need to protect her. The vampire male at her side looked like he'd felt it too earlier in the clearing. Yet, it looked like she was trying to protect him more. She had tried to keep the vampire from attacking them, like she knew he'd die in the attempt. And the look of horror on her face when that vampire had turned to dust in the sunlight was a sight Doron would never forget. Lady Giana had told him that the vampire had been her mate and the father of her two children. Doron felt guilty foe the death of the vampire, yet glad that his competition for Amara's affection was no longer in the picture.

"As you wish Doron," Landon said, pulling Doron from his reverie, "I wish you'd let our doctor check her and someone she knows stay with her, but I'm under the impression that my wishes won't be followed and I trust your judgment." Then turning to the female vampire he said, "Jasmine, please show Doron to Amara's quarters, then collect Aaron and Zyan for me, I'd like to keep them close to me while our guest administer to Amara." Aaron and Zyan were the names of Amara's children.

Jasmine nodded curtly. Doron could tell she didn't like leaving Amara in his care, but to her credit she did exactly what she was told. Once in Amara's quarters she waited for Doron to lay Amara on her bed and showed Doron how to lock the door. "If you wish for no one to disturb you, the door must be locked. Otherwise, Aaron and Zyan WILL barge in without knocking. In order to lock it you must set it with a four to ten digit code, I've already entered my clearance level to allow for one new code to be entered. Once I leave you must enter your code. The door will remain locked to all except, Landon, you and Amara." She told him and turned to leave.

"Thank you, Jasmine, and I know it will take a lot but I promise you can trust me with her. I'd kill myself before harming Amara." Doron stated as the stood on opposite side of the doorway.

Jasmine scowled, "I don't like you Doron. You stole her love away from her. I don't understand how she can trust you so explicitly after what you've done. Nor do I understand why my Landon let you alone with her, but believe me when I tell you that if anything you do will hurt her in ANY WAY, I will not hesitate to kill you!" She then turned and stormed away.

Doron entered six digits into the keypad and the door closed and locked. He turned to face Amara on her bed. She looked like she was in pain even in unconsciousness. Doron understood and rushed to her side. She didn't have enough of his blood in her system. He climbed onto the bed beside her. He positioned himself so that he lay on his stomach beside her, his body warming hers. He bit into his palm for the second time that night and pressed the wound to her mouth, forcing her lips apart so the blood could get onto her tongue. He knew she was too drained to respond the way she had done the first time, but he was still surprised that she even responded as quickly as she did. Two heartbeats passed before she licked his wound and allowed herself to drink. Five seconds later and she brought her hands to hold his hand to her lips.

As he watched her, he felt the heat again. It wasn't a fluke. He was definitely aroused. He kept his breathing as even as possible, but that didn't keep his cock from hardening. He wanted to bury his swollen head into her. He realized that he wanted her screaming and writhing in pleasure that HE caused more than he wanted his own pleasure. 'Mine', he thought. He wanted her. He lay there dreaming of her as she drank his blood. 

He pictured his mouth between her legs, licking and laving, and tasting her. Amara groaned softly – or was that a moan? He couldn't keep his mind off her. He hadn't been able to since he laid eyes on her. Now he fantasized about all the things he wanted to do to her. 

He'd never ask for anything for himself, he only wanted to please her. He let his gaze glide down her body. Her gentle neck, he wanted to kiss the hollow where it met her shoulder, to nip it a little, and if she wanted, he'd drink her blood. He'd enjoy that. He'd be gentler than the vampires. Unlike them, he didn't need to drink blood to sustain his life. The life exchange was only shared between those you were intimate with. A way found to heighten the pleasure during sex.

He'd only drink from her if she wanted it. For it did link them for life. 

He shifted his gaze to her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra, didn't need one. Her breasts were perfectly round. As he watched, her nipples began to bead. He wanted to reach out and touch them, no, no, lick them, even just graze them across his lips. Amara definitely moaned then. He wondered if she was able to hear his thought process, but didn't linger on that. Instead, he pictured himself kissing between her breasts and down the length of her stomach pausing at her navel and tonguing it; probing it while he squeezed her hips with his hands. He could see himself moving out to her side then, kissing her hips, beautiful hips. He imagined how tenderly he'd kiss and nip at those exquisite hips –Amara twitched and moaned; her breathing subtly heavier. 

He flashed a glance at her face. Her eyes were still closed and she was still drinking from him. 

He never lost blood from the life exchanges. He never needed more. Every drop was immediately replaced with more, so she could drink as much as she could stand.

He continued his mental conquest of bringing this woman as much pleasure as she could bear. Kissing along her hips to her clitoris is what he wished for next in his fantasy. Kissing and nipping along that tender flesh where her legs met her hips –Another moan and quickening of breath from Amara – he imagined spreading her delicious thighs just as Amara's legs started to part on their own. Doron could smell the pheromones she was giving off. She was so wet. She must be able to read his mind.

'Do you know it's me Amara?' he thought, 'or are you picturing your late vampire?' He looked to her face, thinking she'd bolt awake and scramble away from him as before.

"Doron." She said. He ripped his eyes away from their hands and looked into her eyes. "I know it is you. Zhen has never thought about me in that manner. Never thought to give me the pleasure you've envisioned." Her gaze took in the awkwardness of his position. She moved him with her telekinesis so that he was facing her on his side. She adjusted her body to mirror his and tried to get closer. He instinctively pulled her body into him. "I know what you think you want, Doron, but I want something first." Her breathy voice tingled on his neck.

"Anything Amara. Name it." Doron said, almost breathless himself.

"Drink from me."