 'Do you know it's me Amara?' he thought, 'or are you picturing your late vampire?' He looked to her face, thinking she'd bolt awake and scramble away from him as before.

Her eyes remained closed. She did release his hand though. She didn't rip it away from her like last time either. Instead she traced over the wound with one of her fingers. – oh it felt so good- within seconds it was closed and she manipulated his hand to touch her cheek then down her neck and chest, down to her breast. She opened her eyes then.

"Doron." She said. He ripped his eyes away from their hands and looked into her eyes. "I know it is you. Zhen has never thought about me in that manner. Never thought to give me the pleasure you've envisioned." Her gaze took in the awkwardness of his position. She moved him with her telekinesis so that he was facing her on his side. She adjusted her body to mirror his and tried to get closer. He instinctively pulled her body into him. "I know what you think you want, Doron, but I want something first." Her breathy voice tingled on his neck.

"Anything Amara. Name it." Doron said, almost breathless himself.

"Drink from me." She whispered, "I want to feel if it is the same for me as it is for you. Then you can have or do whatever you like."

He hesitated only half a second. He knew she could force him, but he wanted to do it anyway. He kissed her forehead briefly then pulled her up to a position where he could access her neck the way he had fantasized. He kissed the hollow of her collarbone and she hissed in a breath. He grazed his teeth along her collar out to her shoulder and back, just nipping lightly. Once he was back to her neck, she angled her head to bare more of it to him and she waited. He kissed the hollow again and then found her carotid and pressed his teeth into the skin around it. He let his tongue massage around inside his chosen area to loosen her skin and then gently added more pressure with his jaw.

Amara's blood started flowing from her before she realized he'd gotten through her skin. She moaned. Oh it felt amazing. Not the soul-rending-from-body feel like it was when the vampires drank from her. It felt like he was pleasuring her by drinking her blood. It felt so erotic. No pain at all. She felt heat pooling between her legs. "Doron, more." She moaned. He gripper her tighter and drank deeper. With the rise and fall or her chest she felt her beaded nipples abrading against the hard muscles of his chest through the thin clothes they wore.

Doron's jaw unclenched from around her neck and he licked the wound he had created and the blood flow stopped. "I shouldn't take anymore. My blood needs the chance to change your system. If I take too much back, it'll act as a poison instead of a medicine to heal you." His breathing was just as labored as hers. He brought his head up to look into her eyes. "You liked it. I felt that even before you asked for more. I felt inside my mind how your body was reacting. You're aroused." He stated matter-of-factly. He sounded a little stunned by the revelation, as well as by the fact that he knew these things.

"Yes, you are quite right." She answered, her voice husky with desire. "You must be able to read me now, like I can read you." She smiled inwardly. "You've done as I've asked, now I'll keep my end of the bargain and do whatever you'd like. You can do to me, or I can do to you. Anything Doron." She felt his shaft thicken. She hadn't realized how large he was. Long AND thick. She knew she'd enjoy him. 

Doron watched her for a second then released her to lie on his back. "I'd rather you are pleased, and you look like you'd rather give than receive pleasure at the moment. I could force—"

A picture of Doron forcing himself on her, taking her fast and rough appeared in Amara's mind. She shivered delightedly, but shook her head. "We have plenty of time. We can do it all." She pictured instead his shaft buried down the back of her throat and she smiled. She tore her gaze away from Doron's face and saw the large bulge in his leather-like pants. He looked too contained. She reached for the zipper located on the hip closest to her and slowly unzipped it fully, down to his mid-thigh. His cock pushed the waist of his pants away from his body. She slid her had beneath the fabric and gripped him. Doron's body twitched and he groaned. Before he said a word, she already knew from his thoughts that it felt incredibly good. She reached to his other hip and unzipped he pants entirely. His cock practically sprang free. Doron moved quickly to unencumber himself from his pants and tossed them to the floor. Once he'd lain back, Amara took a little time to admire his manhood. It stood perpendicular to his body. 

Amara quickly shucked her shirt off and tossed it to the ground to join Doron's pants. She then lifted herself off the bed and climbed onto Doron, keeping an arms-length away from the bed. While watching his face she lowered herself just enough to drag her nipples down his massive chest. Doron closed his eyes and enjoyed the sensation of just her nipples touching his body. She worked her way down over his roped abdomen and passed his cock and down his thick muscled quads. She then brought her legs between his as he made room for her. She took in a deep breath and lowered her lips to encircle the tip of his manhood. She let out her breath and slammed her mouth down to the base of his rock hard shaft. She felt his cock jump in the back of her throat as Doron grunted in pleasure. She moaned with his dick in her mouth, which made him moan. 

She couldn't understand why she wanted to bring Zhen's killer pleasure, but she knew that she did want it. She wanted him. Doron. Only Doron. She wanted him to only want her. 'Mine.' She was never possessive like this over Zhen, but this man, this alien, she'd never let go of. She'd kill for him.

Amara's mouth felt amazing, better than any Doron had ever experienced. And that said a lot because he had experienced many in his millennia of life. He'd never let this woman go. And now that she was immortal, he'd never have to. 'Mine'. She had been sucking the head and licking the tip of his cock, grazing the sides gently with her teeth and kneading his balls. He felt close to orgasming two to three times, but had wanted this to last. Each time his cock jumped in her mouth, she moaned and the vibrations from her moan rocked him to his core. "Amara." He moaned. She picked up the pace and he began to thrust against her, fucking her mouth. In. Out. In. Out. Faster she went. He laced his fingers into her hair and his cock started to jump wildly. She moaned and slammed her mouth down to the base of his shaft so fast that he roared and exploded deep into her throat. She swallowed down all of his seed.

After he stopped cumming, she was shaking as she bobbed her head up and down on his cock to make sure she cleaned him up and didn't miss a drop. Doron's breath was ragged and his whole body, limp. He used what energy he had left to life his head to look down at his woman. She still shook, as if it took all her energy to do what she'd done. It was the blood changing her. She'd be weaker than normal tonight.

"Oh goddess, my sweet goddess, I'm sorry. I forgot you'd be weaker because of the blood. I shouldn't have let you do this." He sat up, grabbed her and pulled her to lay with him. She was still shaking. "Relax, my sweet. Rest, it's my turn to please you."

"Wait!" Amara exclaimed, breathlessly. She just wanted to curl up next to him for a minute. "What's happening to me?" She curled into his arms as he lightly rubbed his hands along her arms and back.

"My blood is changing you into an immortal. It takes twenty-four hours for the change to be complete. You really should just be resting. If you'd like to stop, we can, but I'd rather make sure you are sated." He continued tracing up and down her spine, lingering near her pelvis.

"Mmm... feels so good...You decide. I'll be sated either way." Amara answered. She looked so content lying in his arms.

He knew she had to rest, but he warred with his urge to take care of her as she had done him. He craved her orgasm. Needed the verification from her body. Wanted to be the one to bring her to ecstasy. He growled to himself. "I won't be happy until you're screaming with pleasure." He said to her.

Amara chuckled seductively. "I have yet to be made to actually scream, so, good luck with that." She challenged.