 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

Chapter 1

When the virus struck, it wasn't mass chaos or panic in the streets. It started slow, quiet, just a few guys back from some third-world shithole that were admitted to a hospital. Then a few more guys, then a few more, and before anyone knew it, the Mandemic had begun.

Yeah it was a stupid name, but the press stuck with it. In 2018, there were nearly four billion men on the planet. By 2020, we were down to 100,000...give or take.

Football crashed, softball soared. Fashion changed as women didn't feel the need to "dress to impress". Ladies night was a thing of the past and porn? Yeah, literally everything about porn changed.

For those lucky few men, life was a paradise. They were basically studs at this point to try and get the population going again. Unfortunately, about 1 in 20 had low sperm counts. They would sell themselves out to women who were looking for flings and remember what it was like to have a man in the bedroom again.

I wasn't looking to get knocked up just quite yet. The law stated you had to have documented impregnation sessions by the time you were 30 so I had time still to run around for a bit. My name is Kathy Saunders My claim to fame was to be "that one chick in the vampire movies", but I didn't really care for movies after that. The parties were kick ass, the sex was everywhere, and I was living the good life. Fuck movies. I had a boyfriend, then a few girlfriends, and a bitch or two on the side for fun. Currently I was shacked up with Sarah Greene, a pop music sensation best known for making out with random dancers on-stage, but I was getting a little sick of her too.

But after the Mandemic, I decided to switch back to the other team. Women were everywhere and so easy to seduce. It was boring. Buy a girl a drink, go back to her place, wrap my thighs around her head until my pussy had gushed onto her face. Rinse and repeat. Dominating them was too easy.

I arrived at the house of one Robert Marquette. A quaint little spot in San Antonio, about 3500 square feet. I've seen bigger (but not in a long time, if you get my drift) and rang the bell.

A young brunette opened the door. She was taller than me by about half a head, very lean and athletic. She wore a sharp looking business suit that went down to just above the knees and revealed only a little cleavage. Her patterned tights were subtle with respectable pumps to match. There was a look of disapproval in her eye as she looked me up and down.

"You have an appointment?" she asked.

"Kathy Saunders, 1pm," I replied. Typical protocol for setting this up was to dress nicely, like a business meeting. My outfit was a dress with a plunging neckline, push-up bra to show off my 34B breasts and barely approached mid-thigh. My stiletto heels were designed to grab anyone's attention and hold it while I worked my magic. My ass looked good, my tits looked good, my legs looked. I felt good. I was dressed to get laid.

"My name is Chloe Bruce, I'm Mr. Marquette's assistant. You will follow me," she closed the door behind me before taking the lead into an adjacent room.

I almost laughed at her attitude and cliché line. What is she, his butler?

She led me to a library with a large wooden desk near a window. Behind the desk was another woman. She wasn't even close to being the hottest bitch in the room. She was shorter than I was, had more weight too, and wore a simple shirt and blue jeans. No make-up, no heels, totally casual. Didn't she want to at least try to look feminine and sexy?

"Where is he? What is this?" I asked, pretty annoyed as I sat down. I crossed my legs, showing too much thigh to not have a man here. I might settle for Chloe, but I was here for a cock, not another trim and fit pussy.

"Mr. Marquette has a wide variety of clients," the other woman replied. "He's on assignment now and will return tonight. I'm his wife, Elizabeth, and am here to arrange your rendezvous."

"Uh...huh," I clicked my tongue against my front teeth. "What kind of rendezvous?"

Her smile broadened. "That's up to you, of course. Robert is the type of man you can really let your hair down with. Indulge in your deepest fantasy, relax in his arms, go wild, or have a romantic trip. This is your dream come true and he will fulfill it."

"So I've heard," I sighed. "How much?"

Chloe Bruce sat down in a chair next to me and handed me a piece of paper. Her suit opened up just a bit and I could catch more of her breasts. She really was a fit woman; probably had stamina for days. I bet I could tie her down and grind my cunt into her face until...focus Kathy...focus.

"$50,000 for a weekend?" I almost shouted. "You fucking with me?"

"This is the ultimate experience," Elizabeth replied calmly. "We've had women demand longer and offered larger sums of money, but we have a strict 30 Day Waiting Period before they can engage his services again."

"Like who?" I asked, now a little intrigued. I wanted some cock, but this sounded like more.

"He's currently with Kate Teresa," Elizabeth answered. "I understand she's already asking to be put on the Wait List and he's not finished with her yet."

My mouth dropped. That big-breasted model? He was fucking her? My mind instantly went to a bedroom scene. Sheets torn. Him pinned down, while she smothered him with those incredible breasts. Her curvy ass bounding up and down on his dick, her screams ripping through the night...

"Deal."

"There are conditions," Elizabeth held up a finger. "First, Chloe must be in the room at all times."

"Are you fucking serious? What the fuck for?" I stood up quickly.

"We had an...incident...a few months back," she explained. "Chloe is his security and will make sure that neither of you are harmed and that he is returned to us."

"This skinny bitch?" I asked. "How about I make you crawl and beg to lick my feet?"

In a movement so fast I could barely see it, Chloe kicked the air...above my head...four times. Her legs were so incredibly flexible and the kicks so fast I didn't have time to react. This bitch was a fucking pro.

Yeah, I got turned on. I put on a brave face, but my secret fantasy rose a little higher in my subconscious. Easy K-Saund, remember what you came for...and want to cum on.

"What other conditions?"

"You can pick him up from here on Friday at 4pm, return him on Sunday at 6pm. You get 50 hours to do what you wish. But that's all. Do some BDSM, cuddling, hardcore sex, it's up to you, but open yourself up to him. The more you put into this, the more it will change your life. Fly to Mexico, California, the coast, stay in town, whatever you like. He is yours and there are no limits, except that he is yours alone. You cannot share him with girlfriends, sorority sisters, BFF's, no one else. You paid for him, he's yours."

"Got it," I replied, but my eyes shifted over to Chloe as she sat down and crossed her legs. That little slut was wearing thigh highs, not tights. I was getting more heated as my nipples began poking through my dress.

"He prefers a woman's legs," Elizabeth's voice got my attention again. "He likes tits and ass like all men do, but legs are his specific turn on. Don't wear pants or he'll be disappointed. No fishnets because they look classless. Thigh high stockings are preferred and heels as well. Go for the sophisticated look. No stripper heels, no kitten heels."

"I can handle that," I replied. "I'll be back next Friday to collect him."

I signed at the end of a nine-page agreement and glanced at Chloe. "You going to join in? Or just watch?"

"He is yours, not mine," she replied. "At least during the weekend. During the week, he is gracious enough to pay me a small salary, put me up in this house, and fuck me like I've never told anyone I wanted to be fucked before."

"You make him sound like a god or something," I laughed, but I was alone. The others looked dead serious.

"He is my personal god," Chloe said in a flat voice. "I didn't live until I met him and now I live only for his pleasure and safety."

"......right."

"So I tell you what I want, right?" I asked. "I mean, what I'll wear, what we'll do, all of my fantasies that I want him to do?"

Elizabeth shook her head. "No, that's part of the experience. He will know exactly what you want without you saying a word."

"Okay, now THAT is bullshit. What is he a mind-reader?"

Chloe actually laughed. "More like a soul-reader."

".....right."

Chapter 2

I spent a little time shopping in his city. I rented a house in the ritzy part of town, behind two different gates. It had space, it had privacy, it had elegance. I decided to take Elizabeth's advice and really do this up right. No school girl outfits, no Wonder Woman costumes. I was going to open myself up to him and make this the weekend of my life. Sarah Greene came out from LA to join me. She helped me pick out new dresses, new lingerie, new shoes, the works.

And she helped me break in a bed or two.

"Oh fuck!" she cried out as I shoved a vibrator inside her damp pussy. "You ready for the big night?"

"Grab your fucking ankles, you cow. I'm going so deep in your cunt your tongue will vibrate," I snarled and shoved my panties into her mouth.

She complied, like always, and spread her legs apart like a cheerleader doing the splits. "I'm actually nervous, it feels like a first date," I began plunging the vibrating dildo deeper into her, causing her eyes to roll back into her head. Stifled moans echoed in the room through those panties I stuffed into her mouth.

"If this works, really works, I'll have a fantasy I never dreamed would actually come true," I turned up the intensity on the vibrator two notches, making Sarah's thighs quiver. The smell of her sex wafted through the air.

But my mind wasn't on this slut. My mind was on tonight and what this "god" could do to my body. Sarah's moans grew louder as an orgasm ripped through her. She couldn't help herself and let go of her ankles. Her thighs wrapped around the device, hugging it close, as wave after wave of pleasure caused her to arch her back and pinch her own nipples.

I slowly removed the dildo, tossing it aside. "Take a shower and get dressed, we have a guest coming for dinner."

Sarah gasped for air as I pulled the thong out of her mouth. "But...you said I...couldn't...join."

"You can't, little bitch," I slapped her face playfully. "But if he can have some skank watch us fuck, why can't I? Maybe you'll pick up a trick or two. Besides, it's crucial that you help me turn him on. He'll go fucking crazy and then I'll fuck him like crazy. Maybe we can even lure him away from that mess of a wife he has."

With about an hour to go until he arrived, I went into the closet and picked out my very best. Sure, I would be elegant and sophisticated like Elizabeth said, but also dressed to kill. The red dress I picked out had an almost hip-high slit. My thong was the skimpiest I had. See-through lace covering my pussy, g-string style. The dress was impossibly low cut, with spaghetti straps allowing me to show as much skin and cleavage as possible. No bra this time, I let the girls roam free. Even without it being cold, my nipples began to poke through a little. Just enough to get noticed. I rolled a patterned stocking up one leg, then the other. Then, for fun, I did it again. Jesus, my legs looked incredible. I practiced posing in the mirror. Crossing my legs, uncrossing, spreading them, crossing them again, dangling a five-inch Christian Loubatin high heel stiletto from my foot.

Sarah shaved me herself, taking her time and ensuring my legs were the smoothest they could be along with my pussy. I couldn't be sexier or more appealing.

My plan was simple enough, lead him on, flirt the hell out of him...

...then reject him.

The fantasy I had in my mind was something I had harbored for over 20 years, since I was a teenager barely knowing enough about my body to get off in the shower. But I had never told anyone, not a single soul, out of pure fear. I thought it was too crazy, but how many times had I jammed three fingers up my snatch while thinking about it? Way too many. But I hadn't even told Robert about this. How the hell was he supposed to know what to do? No way I get what I want, right? I blew $50,000 on this?

Sarah wore a black dress with plain black stockings and pumps. I didn't want her to outshine me, not that she ever could, but why take a chance? Her hair was done up and plenty of cleavage showing, but there wasn't a contest between us.

The limo pulled up and I watched from the above window as both of them climbed out. Chloe Bruce wore a mini-skirt and blouse, nothing too shocking. But then, I got my first look at Robert Marquette.

I mostly expected to see the hottest guy on the planet, a real "Christian Grey", but this guy wasn't the "Fifty Shades" type. He was dressed in a tailored suit, but there was nothing extraordinary about him. He was about 5'10", average weight, and he didn't even have the fullest head of hair. He looked like just another guy you would see on the street. What the fuck was this?

Sarah greeted them at the door as I descended the stairs. Chloe Bruce sat in an oversized chair in the corner and contented herself with reading from a tablet. With each step, I could feel my breasts jiggle just enough that his eyes glanced at them.

"Good evening, Robert," I said in a sultry voice that I had practiced on Hollywood actors and directors before. "I assume dinner will be ready soon?"

Sarah jumped a little as I raised my voice. "Very, very soon," she replied. She knew I was not a fan of waiting and her ass had suffered some punishment in the past. Clearly, she remembered.

Robert and I sat at the table and the game had officially begun.

There was some chit-chat between us while Sarah served the salad and rolls. I put every possible move on him before the entrée came out. I leaned over, showing off my breasts. My foot would rub against his leg. I tossed my hair. My hand touched his arm. I flattered the hell out of him. My flirting reached new heights.

By the time Sarah laid out the entrée and sat to join us, the sun had gone down outside. The candlelight played very well off of my skin and long, dark hair. Sarah joined in with the flirting, touching his shoulder and arm, showing off her tits, this guy should have been in heat by now and ready to pounce.

But Robert held his cool. He didn't react at all to my nylon-clad foot rubbing against him. He took the flirting with ease and grace, and actually ate his meal. He barely checked out my body and hardly gave Sarah a second glance. He was polite, cordial, and frustrating the hell out me.

I was getting so wet from the challenge. My nipples were pointing directly at him and I squirmed slightly in my chair as he avoided our advances. Fuck, what does it take to get this guy riled up? The hottest Hollywood hunks would beg for sex when I only wore a t-shirt and jeans. This guy was a rock. He wasn't the hottest guy I've ever seen, but the more I was with him, the more I wanted to fuck his brains out. An image of how thick his cock must have been was dancing in my head. By the time dinner was over, I was soaking wet for a guy who was...average.

It was time to take it up a notch.

We headed off to the living room. Sarah put on some music while I sat on the couch. I crossed my legs slowly, and very sexfully, taking time to rub my stocking-clad thighs together as Robert sat next to me. Sarah sat on the other side and we tried hard to play it cool.

We failed.

Within a few minutes, we were on this guy. His cologne was insatiable, driving me even crazier than before. I attacked his neck, nibbling from his ear down to the collar of his shirt. Sarah loosened his tie and unbuttoned the first two buttons. Our hands wandered and I dared to reach to his thigh and then his cock.

We breathed hot moans into his ear and his hands wandered up our backs. When he reached out and grabbed one of my tits, I actually jumped and squealed. I had never, in my life, been so horny. I wanted him to take over and engage in my fantasy, but he was taking it very slow. Too slow. He should be ripping my dress off by now, but instead both Sarah and I were the ones in heat.

Fuck it.

I mounted him, with his pants still on, and began grinding my soaked pussy into his lap. I began kissing him furiously, my tongue lashing into his mouth, and he began to react. His hands wrapped rubbed my thighs before going up my hips and then to my back. His touch was absolutely electric. I got goosebumps from my forehead to my toes, and my nipples were so hard they could have cut glass. I was finally getting him! That cock would soon be out and I could impale myself on it! The smell of my sex and his cologne was heavy in the air and all I could think of was milking the cum out of his masterful cock.

That's when Sarah tapped me on the shoulder.

"Hey girl, don't you have that photo-shoot in the morning?" she breathed into my ear.

Shit! Being with him made me forget the whole point in having him here to begin with. I had an entire fantasy planned out and here I was practically ripping clothes off like a freshman on Prom night.

"Wait, what?" he asked.

I slowly climbed off him and adjusted my dress to look somewhat presentable again. "I forgot," I said as I ran a hand through my hair. "I have to get up totally early in the morning for this shoot with Vogue."

His eyes narrowed and his fists clenched. This guy was pissed.

"Rain check?"

"You practically fucked me through my pants and now you're calling it a night?" he asked.

"Please honey," I smirked. "It was just a little fun, get over yourself."

"Fuck no," he stood up. "You don't get to do this to me. We're getting it on. No way you two climb all over me and then just quit."

"Show yourself out, asshole," Sarah and I began to walk up the stairs.

We closed the door behind us and I sighed heavily.

"Are you as horny as I am?" Sarah asked. "I could fuck you ten times over, but why did we leave? He's so hot I could get burned and still beg for more."

I unzipped my dress over by the vanity, letting make a puddle on the floor. I pulled her close and began going after her neck and chest. I slapped her ass and groaned loudly. "I have a plan."

It wasn't long before my fantasy kicked into high gear.

With a loud bang, the door burst open. Pieces of wood cracked and splintered and part of the frame cracked as well. We both jumped at the sound. Sarah slipped on her high heel and fell into a chair.

Robert crossed the bedroom in long strides and there was fire in his eyes that nearly made me orgasm.

With one, brutal, move he slapped me so hard across my face that I fell right to the floor.

"YOU FUCKING BITCH!" he raged. "Who the fuck do you think you are? Some high-privileged piece of trash who thinks she's God's gift to the planet? Never been told no in your life, eh? Think you can push anyone around?"

Sarah began to stand up, but he pointed a finger right at her face.

"DON'T YOU FUCKING MOVE!" he shouted in a voice that guaranteed the very worst would happen if she disobeyed.

I started to move as well, getting up to my hands and knees. My cheek was burning from the impact of the slap, but not burning nearly as hot as my pussy. It was a raging fire. I don't know how he knew, but my fantasy was coming true right before my watering eyes.

I didn't expect the kick.

With a sharp movement, he slammed his foot into my gut. I dropped down and rolled over as the wind was knocked right out of me. My eyes went wide as I curled into the fetal position, still mostly naked. I coughed loudly as I tried to get my breath back. Did I come? Shit, I think I did!

"You wanna try that again?" he snarled at Sarah. She shook her head and sat back on the chair.
